Turning Point
All Rights Reserved.
Copyright © 2009 by Flavio Olcese
Published by Flavio Olcese at Smashwords

Note: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental


*****


Chapter 1

I had a really nice plan for my life. Unfortunately life had other plans for me. In the last year I had lost my dream job, my prized apartment, my hot girlfriend and had somehow gotten stuck back in my parents old house, living with a fifteen year old girl that I was certain hated me. It was difficult to take it all in stride.
I remembered back in high school living in this house with my parents and my older brother. That was the sweet life. Mom was the stay at home creative type and dad was the enterprising high powered lawyer. Both of them always found time for me and my brother, even if we didn’t always find time for them. Eventually mom organized family night on Wednesday nights. That brought us all closer. I still missed those days.
The Thayer brothers were immensely popular in school and I, for one, usually kept a full academic, sports and social life. My brother was much the same. We both played soccer in the fall and ran track 
for the winter and spring. By the time I was a sophomore and Paul was a junior we were both on the varsity teams. We played like we could read each other’s minds. Good didn’t even begin to describe our abilities.
The Thayer brothers though didn’t just excel on the fields. Both of us were also very good students. Paul was more science and math oriented, like our dad. I was better in languages and arts, like our mom. We helped each other whenever we could, and in the end we always kept our grades up in all our classes. Paul had a way of softening up the teachers so that when I got them the next year they almost automatically liked me.
Probably the only place we were different were in our choices of girlfriends. Paul started going out with a friend of mine early in his junior year and stayed with her until the summer before he left for college. He though a steady girlfriend balanced him. I dated half a dozen girls in the same time frame. Some were from our school and some were not. All of them were drop dead gorgeous and all of them were rather lightheaded and ditzy. I wasn’t in search of arm candy. I just saw a girlfriend as a distraction to my academic and athletic endeavors. Therefore I never stuck around for very long nor did I date girls that were seeking a long term thing.
When it was finally time for my brother to decide on which of the colleges he would go to he chose an out of state one instead of the one in the city. He said that it was high time he left the suburbs of New York to go see the world. I didn’t want to crush his dreams so I let him believe that going to Ohio would be equal to seeing the world. His foray lasted less than a year.
The spring of my senior year dad had to go to Japan on business and had set up the trip to take mom with him. Unfortunately he didn’t think ahead. They would both be in Japan for my eighteenth birthday. Mom was a bit disappointed with dad but I told them we would just celebrate when they got back. I knew that mom had always wanted to go to Asia and dad had made a tiny error. I didn’t make a big deal of it. 
While in Japan mom had been driving the rental car with dad and had gotten confused at a highway exit. She had thought it was an entrance. The head on collision at high speed killed them both instantly.
Shortly after the accident dad’s firm had sent a lawyer to Ohio to get Paul and had sent two of my dad’s partners to tell me. The firm took care of bringing the bodies back to the States and making the arrangements for my parents. I was in total shock and couldn’t have done any of it anyway. Paul was the one to man up. He dropped out of college temporarily and came home to be with me. It was him that pushed me to return to high school after about a week so that I could finish up and get my diploma.
My father, as a lawyer, had prepared well for any eventuality, just in case. Each of my parents had million dollar insurance policies. Dad’s financial investments, his 401K, the cars, the house plus all of mom’s possessions would all be split evenly by Paul and I. The firm dad had been a partner in took care of the paperwork for free. It was all a small consolation. With no cousins, uncles, aunts or living grandparents, we were now each other’s only family.  I knew then that I would never celebrate my birthday the same way again.
Paul and I spent that summer making plans. We both decided to keep the house and go to college locally. Since it was too late to apply to any decent university, Paul decided that I should take my first semester at the community college. I purposely took the same classes he had taken in his first semester in Ohio. He decided to take on a job while we both applied to universities, though financially he didn’t have to. We had a house and cars paid in full, no other debt and a lot of money.
In the spring semester we both became second semester freshmen at a large university in New York City. Whenever we could we took classes together. The rest of the time we concentrated on our majors. That first semester at the university was tough for me and it was nice to have Paul around. Neither of us let up for the summer and we continued taking classes year round. That’s when I finally stared to open up. 
Even for the summer semester I didn’t take a full load of classes. That afforded me a lot of time to go out and party in the city. I hit all the hot nightclubs and bars, when I could get in. I dated a couple of women that summer but nothing really lasted, nor did I want it to. I started getting to know the city and all is people. There were days when I wouldn’t show up back home until the morning hours.
Late that summer, during a barbeque in which we had invited several friends, I met Anne. She was a junior and was really pretty but certainly not the type of woman I would ever date. She had piercing steel blue eyes and flowing strawberry blond hair. She wore a light summer dress with a blue bonnet print. The dress wasn’t see through, per say, but it was light enough that when she stood in the sunlight any young man would give a quick check. 
When she finally made her way to me, I couldn’t help but to like her immediately. We spoke about majors and school in general. She was studying communications in an effort to enter the advertising field.
“Paul tells me you’re a party animal and a playboy,” Anne teased me.
“I don’t know if I would describe it that way. I like to have fun and I’m opportunistic with my romantic relationships,” I replied.
“Yeah, he also said you were very good in using the English language to your advantage.”
We talked for a little while longer until it was time for me to go tend to the barbeque. 
I stood outside with my spatula wearing my “kiss the cook” apron flipping burgers, watching the hot dogs and preparing the chicken. Paul leaned against the railing nursing a beer. The apron had belonged to our dad and was only used for barbeques. After their deaths Paul had taken over the finances and the bills, I did the cooking and we both cleaned. 
Anne came over to us as Paul was telling me a joke. She moved up to my brother and gave him a soft kiss on the lips. She wrapped her arm around him and him around her, as the telling of the joke continued.
And so it came to be that as Paul’s relationship with Anne grew I became closer to the both of them. Anne turned out to be what Paul and I really needed, a woman’s perspective.
When Anne graduated she moved on to another university in the city to continue with an advanced degree. By that time Paul was already deep into his pre-law studies and I had decided to follow Anne into communications.
Anne and Paul got married right after my brother finished his undergraduate degree but before he entered law school. They both thought I would have a problem with her moving into the house but I was all for it. Their primary worry was that I would feel like a third wheel. I assured them I was okay with it but the subject resurfaced a year later when I decided to buy a small place in the city. They wanted me to stay but the suburbs felt too much like the country. I needed to be in the heart of the city.
With a master’s degree in hand, I began working at the very bottom of the fourth largest advertising company in the world. I wasn’t paid very much, so for the first couple of years I had to supplement my income with my investments. It took eleven years of seventy five hour work weeks and a move to the second largest advertising agency in the world until I was a vice president and raking in six figures.
In that time my brother and his wife had their first and only child, Christine. The baby was an absolute joy. I wasn’t sure if she knew who exactly I was back then, except that I would visit twice a month and always brought her some sort of gift. In time I saw that Christine was a combination of my mom and Anne. She was a stunningly beautiful child.
My brother never put in the hours I did, at least not on a regular basis. One night when Paul was thirty two he had stayed late in the office preparing for a case. He finally had decided to go home at nine in the evening but he never made it. Paul was robbed and stabbed. He was still alive when he made it to the emergency room. Both Anne and I were called to come see him. Being in the city, I was there within twenty minutes. About half an hour before Anne got to the hospital my bother died in my arms. The last thing he whispered to me was “Christine, as if she were you own.” I knew what he meant.
Losing my brother was gut wrenching for me. I felt so alone, as if suddenly I was now an orphan at age thirty one. Anne took it worse than I did. For the first time in my working career, I took some time off to take care of my brother’s arrangements and to see to the needs of his family.
Anne and I had a long discussion about finances. She wanted to sell the house and give me my half of it. I had finally convinced her to stay. The house was mortgage free, I would pay half the property taxes as I was a half owner and the schools in the area were unbeatable.  I don’t know if she finally stayed because of the great deal or because there really was no better place for Christine to grow up.
Because of the lack of mortgage on the house, Anne had never really had to work. Paul’s money had more than met their obligations. Having learned from our parents both my brother and I paid premiums to have large life insurances. Even that money combined with the leftover investments our parents had left Paul would not be enough to carry Anne and Christine through their lifetime. With my connections in the industry I got Anne several good interviews with small and medium size ad agencies in the suburbs. She finally took a part time job as an account executive that would allow her to take and pick up Christine from school. I regularly sent Anne a few hundred dollars every month and I also contributed some money to Christine’s college fund.


****


Chapter 2

It was early Saturday morning when I arrived at Anne’s house with a couple of bags of groceries. I let myself in with my key and made sure I closed the front door loud enough for anyone to know I had arrived.
“Jake, is that you?” called out Anne from upstairs.
“Yes, I’ll be in the kitchen preparing breakfast. Any requests?”
“Oh, french toast,” said Christine as she came bounding down the stairs. I leaned down and she gave me a hug and a kiss. “Mornin’ Uncle Jake. Do you have a new girlfriend?”
“What? No, I don’t have a girlfriend. What kind of question is that?”
“Mom said that you get a new girlfriend every week,” she said as she sat on one of the kitchen stools at the breakfast nook.
“Chrissy, let me tell you something about your mom. She’s just jealous that I can get a date and she can’t.”
“I’m not jealous,” said Anne as she walked into the kitchen. She came over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. “How are you, Jake?”
“I’m good. And speaking about girlfriends mine broke up with me because she thought I was cheating on her.  She said that it was odd that I went away every other weekend and she finally figured out that there was no way I could have a ten year old niece if I had no brothers and sisters.”
“That’s what you get for dating rocket scientists.”
I spent the next half hour making breakfast while Anne caught me up on what was going on in her life. While we ate Christine had her shot at telling me about school and what she was up to. I just sat and took it all in. There was really not much to tell about me. There was work all week and partying on weekends.
For the last three years since my brother had died I had spent every other weekend with Anne and Christine up in the suburbs. I usually arrived on Saturday morning but would occasionally come on Friday if I could escape from work before seven. I always left on Sunday to go back to my apartment in the city.
Anne and I got along fabulously. Every once in a while we would talk finances but she never asked me for anything. Still every time I came I would fill her refrigerator and cupboard. I knew she could really use the extra money she saved on not having to buy groceries for a week or more. 
It was also customary for me to cook dinner on Saturday night. Every once in a while Anne invited one of her friends or neighbors to our Saturday dinners. Cooking for two or six was all the same to me. Anyway most of the people she invited were either single or divorced females so I didn’t mind one bit. This particular Saturday she had invited a couple of her coworkers and her boss, all single females.
“Jake, what are you making tonight? I want to make sure I get the right wine.”
“I have a new recipe I tried out last week and it’s really good. It’s a vegetarian main dish with a whole bunch of great side dishes. Don’t worry about the wine. I’ll get it when we go out to buy the groceries.”
That afternoon Anne drove me and Christine to the supermarket. The trip was very routine. Everybody knew their place. It was one of the few things in my life that was the same way every time I did it. After we got our cart Anne and I would start at the fresh fruit and vegetable section and walk down every isle until we got to the other end of the store. Chrissy was sent on missions to get us specific items, even though we would pass those isles anyway. We usually sent her to the other side of the store. This gave me and Anne some time to talk alone.
“Jake, I don’t mean to sound ungrateful but do you know how much money you gave me and Chrissy last year?”
“I don’t keep track of those things. I have no idea.”
“Well, it was a lot. It really helps and I want to thank you but at the same time I don’t want you to not live your own life. I’m sure I can make it work with my salary and the investments.”
“My life is simple, Anne. I get most of what I need at work. Five days a week I eat all my meals there and the company pays for it. On the weekends I go out and have a couple of drinks. I don’t have cable because I don’t have time to watch TV. My gas, water and electric bills are tiny because I’m never home, and my cell phone is paid by the company. Plus I get paid boatloads, certainly a lot more than I can use. Look, you know what Paul told me before he passed away, that I should take care of Christine like she was my own daughter. I have no idea how to do that, but you do. So I take care of you and you take care of Chrissy. Everyone’s happy.”
She wrapped her arm around mine and leaned on me while I pushed the cart around. I loved when she did that. She was truly one of the finest women I knew, in every respect.
That night Anne sent her daughter to sleep over at one of her friend’s houses. That would leave the adults alone to eat, laugh and stay up late. In the early evening I got changed into my black pants and black shirt, put on my apron and starting getting the food ready for cooking. 
At six our three guests had arrived. Anne entertained them in the living room as I brought out some appetizers. Eventually the four women moved into the kitchen and sat at the table as they watched me move through the kitchen. I had some Vivaldi playing on the stereo as I finished putting the main dish in the oven and quickly started on the side dishes.
“So Jake, what is it that you do aside from cooking?” asked Marie, Anne’s boss.
“You mean for work? I’m a senior VP at Waltman & Goode Worldwide.”
 “Being a vice president at such a large company at your age is impressive but they have over half a dozen senior VPs don’t they? You know if you ever want to try something a bit more intimate and more focused, give me a call,” said Marie. 
She was right. We had five senior vice presidents in our New York office alone, two in Chicago and two in Los Angeles. And then there were the international VPs. The competition was fierce to move ahead. We were all cordial to each other face to face but back stabbing was not uncommon.
“Jake does everything. He cleans, cooks, babysits. You name it he can probably do it,” added Anne.
“Where did you learn to cook?” asked Marie, one of the coworkers.
“My mom taught me the basics. She said that everyone who cooks has a type of food and one or two dishes which they excel at. So she encouraged me to find and try out new dishes. One Wednesdays or Thursdays evenings, depending on my schedule, I try out some new dish. Tonight’s dish I just tried this past week and it turned out pretty good so I thought I would share it.”
“What’s your specialty dish?” asked Marie.
“It’s a secret. I hardly ever make it and only under very special occasions. A guy has to have his secrets.”
The conversation continued through the rest of my cooking until I finally asked the women to go to the dining room table so we could eat. I brought the salad, side dishes and main course out together. I also opened a second bottle of wine and refilled everyone’s glass. It seemed that most of the conversation during dinner was about me. “So you’re the all around guy and you’re still single?” asked Carla.
“I work fifteen hours a day, minimum. That kind of schedule is just not the kind that leads to lasting relationships. I just don’t have the time to offer a woman my whole attention.”
I looked at the women before me, all pretty young women in their late twenties to mid thirties, who knew what they wanted and how to get it. All of them, except Anne, saw me as a conquest. Unfortunately for them none had a chance to get me. I was a career minded individual and I couldn’t really see anything changing that, ever.


****

Chapter 3

I had had a hard week. Everyone could smell a promotion coming for one of the senior VPs and I was considered among the favorites. That meant I had to watch my back. The pressure was so fierce that we had lost one of the VPs this week. Someone else had been given the open senior VP position but that person was inconsequential to the promotion proceedings. He just hadn’t put his time in like the rest of us. 
I left work at six on Friday, about two hours before I usually went home. I had called Anne to let her know I would be coming today instead of tomorrow. She had been calling since Wednesday telling me she needed to talk to me right away. It wasn’t one of my planned weekends to visit but any break was welcome at this point.
I took the train to the suburbs and slept for most of the ride. Anne would pick me up at the station. I tried to clear my mind for the last fifteen minutes before I got to the station but I couldn’t. I still had so much work to do and my model girlfriend was unhappy that I was not going to see her two weekends in a row. The train finally pulled into the station and I spotted Christine standing outside the car door as soon as I exited the train. She looked bored.
“Hi Uncle Jake. You look horrible. What did you get me?”
“Well thanks for the complements. Real nice of you. And I didn’t get you anything. Since you turned fifteen you seem to change your mind every twenty minutes,” I responded as I got in the front seat. Anne gave me a kiss hello.
“Well then can I have some cash?”
“Sure. First thing you need to do is get a job—”
“No. Come on, Uncle Jake.”
“Christine, Uncle Jake is tired. Let’s feed him and let him rest. He’ll probably be more responsive after that.”
I smiled at Anne. The woman knew me inside and out. She knew I would cave in to her daughter and give her some money eventually. 
The ride home was quiet. Anne was usually chatty so I knew something was on her mind. Christine was in the back seat sulking. I was too exhausted to start a conversation. When we arrived, Anne made me a plate of leftover meatloaf and mashed potatoes and sat with me while the food heated in the microwave.
“You dating anyone?” I asked.
 “No. You?”
“JoAnna Quinn.”
“The model? No way. I would have thought she had higher standards,” Anne joked.
“Now I see where Christine gets her sense of decorum. As I see it I’m the standard on which other men are judged.”
“Yes, and you’re so modest too.” Anne was giggling as she stood up to get my dinner from the microwave. She set the plate in front of me and I ate a couple of bites before we continued the conversation.
“So why am I here, Anne?” I asked. Her smile faded from her face and she looked down at the table for a couple of seconds. I waited patiently for her response. She finally looked up at me with a very serious face. I could see her eyes welling up.
“You have to promise me you’ll take care of Christine as if she were your own.”
“Of course I will, always.”
“Jake, I mean it. No matter what, even if something happens to me. You have to promise me.”
“What going to happen to you? What are you talking about Anne?”
“Promise me,” she said as she raised her voice.
“Okay, I promise. I’ll take care of Christine as if she were my own daughter, no matter what happens. So, what is happening?”
“My doctor diagnosed me with pancreatic cancer. She gave me a year to three years, but she said some people go faster. I haven’t told Christine. I thought maybe you could help me.”
Now it was Anne turn to wait for me to respond. I took a deep breath. So many things ran through my mind but I didn’t know what to say first. It took about ten seconds before I finally said something.
“Okay, well I assume you’re going to fight it, right?”
“Yes. The doctor said I can start chemotherapy next week. And then we’ll do some radiation.”
“Alright so if you don’t mind I’ll move in right away. I mean, just until you get better and are on your feet again. I’ll take Monday and Tuesday off and get things packed and moved.”
“I think that’s going to be a good idea. I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to take care of anything after my treatment starts.”
It was late and I was tired but we still spent the next hour and a half making plans. We would tell Christine tomorrow morning after breakfast. I went to bed at close to one in the morning but tossed and turned for an hour before I finally fell asleep. I was awake at six.
I read the paper and drank some coffee until about eight thirty when the girls finally woke up. I made scrambled eggs and toast for them and we ate quietly. I smiled weakly at Anne but she didn’t return the favor. I could see the bags under her eyes. I figured I should take charge of this one and so I did.
“Christine, I was talking to your mom last night and we have decided that I am going to move in.”
“Really? When? Why?”
“I’ll probably be in here by this Tuesday. Your mom is sick and it’s going to be easier for her and you to have another adult around.”
“Mom?” said Christine as she turned towards her mother. Anne looked up at her daughter and smiled weakly but offered no explanation.
“Christine, honey?” she turned to look at me. “Your mom has an aggressive form of cancer. Now she going to fight it but it’s going to weaken her a bit so we are going to need you to be helpful, okay?”
She just nodded her head gently at me. A couple of tears were beginning to form in her eyes. This was going to be harder than I anticipated.
“Were also thinking of getting a maid to help around the house. This will take a lot pressure off of all of us. Now your mother’s illness changes very little for you. She is still your mother. The one thing that does change for you is that as an adult in this house you are going to have to listen to me too. Okay?”
She nodded again. Now she was crying. Anne moved over to hug her daughter and that pretty much opened the flood gates. I took the plates into the kitchen and started cleaning up the mess of breakfast.
I spent most of the rest of the day looking for a realtor to sell my apartment and movers to help me move my stuff. I also emptied a part of the garage so I could store some of my stuff there. While I was outside I met the next door neighbor.
“Are you Jake?”
“Yes, that’s me.” I went over to the low fence to shake hands with my neighbor. I couldn’t help to look her over. Brown hair in a bob, a slim face with high cheek bones, a radiant smile and she was fit for a mom, or at least I assumed she was a mom. Most people in this neighborhood were young couples raising kids.
“Hi, I’m Karen. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“Really? Anne talks about me?”
“Are you kidding? You’re better than any soap opera. Half the neighbors know about you. All the wives have been dying to meet you. So you’re visiting for the weekend?”
“Actually I’m preparing the house to move in with Anne and Christine. I should be in by the middle of this week. Now you got a bit of gossip to spread around the neighborhood.” She smiled at me as she moved towards her porch door. “Hey Karen, can I ask you two questions?”
 “Sure,” she responded from half way inside the door.
“Were you dying to meet me?”
“Yeah.”
“What does your husband think about that?”
“I’m divorced.”
And with a smile she walked into her house and closed the door behind her.
After I finished out back I went back in the house where Anne was sitting on the couch reading a magazine. She looked up at me.
“Christine is up in her room. I think she’ll be okay. What were you doing out back?”
“I met Karen. We were chatting. By now she should be spreading the rumor that I’m moving in.”
“Great. What else did she say?”
“That all the ladies here are dying to meet me. We probably should have a party and invite them all.”
“Calm down, stud. Almost all of them are married and let’s not forget you have a girlfriend.”
 I went up to see Christine to see if she was okay. I knocked but she didn’t answer so I peeked in. She had her mp3 player playing and her headphones on. She got startled when I walked in.
“What are you doing tonight?” I asked.
“I had plans but I’m not sure I’m in the mood to go out anymore.”
“You know going out might help you. Staying in will get you more upset. Go do something with your friends. It’ll be good for you.”
“Okay but I need some money.”
I handed her some bills I had folded up in my hand. I smiled at her and winked before moving towards the door.
“Uncle Jake?” She said, as I turned around. “Thank you.”


****

Chapter 4

My employer was pissed not only that I had taken two days off but that now I had curtailed my hours to a maximum of sixty five per week, though I usually put in sixty or less. I obviously couldn’t do as much work as I had been doing and I was passing many of my smaller projects to my staff. Every one of the other senior VPs noticed this. I heard back talk from all of them. I took it in stride. There was nothing I could do about it.
Aside from my work hours, I was putting in two to four hours at home taking care of Anne. She was weak but I still took her out every evening for a short walk. The exercise did her good.
Christine for some reason had become very defiant towards me. Making sure she had done her homework was like pulling teeth. She hardly listened to me and only asked for my help when her mother sent her to me.
The car service that took Anne to the doctor, as well as the maid put a big dent in my bank account. The quick sale of my apartment helped a lot. I used most of that money to pay for the added expenses as well as all the medical costs. That meant I probably wouldn’t be able to afford to buy an apartment after Anne got better. I would worry about that when the time came. Right now it was more important to make sure Anne had no worries about her finances.
Three months after Anne started her fight for survival, my employer had had enough. My boss had pulled me into his office were I met with him and his boss. They asked me what was going on with me and I told them the truth. They offered several solutions that would grant me more time to spend at work and less with Anne and Christine. They told me they were willing to pay half the expenses for a nurse, if I covered the rest and increased my work hours. They told me I should think about the offer and my future at the company. I was given until the next morning to give them an answer.
Two hours later I walked into a meeting of the bosses of the company and the senior vice presidents. In front of everybody I handed them my resignation, effective immediately, and told them to shove their offer. I talked to nobody as I walked out of my office with my box of personal items.
JoAnna Quinn, my girlfriend, called me as I was on the train going home, to break up with me. I was indifferent towards it. Another short term girlfriend was of no consequence to me, as long as I still had Anne to count on.
I looked up a phone number about half way home and called it right away. 
“Good afternoon, Could I speak to Marie Kirkpatrick, this is Jake Thayer.”
“She’s in a meeting now. Can I transfer you to her voice mail?”
“Can you please let her know I’m on the phone and that I really need to speak to her? I’m sure she’ll take my call.”
“Please hold.”
This had not been my plan when I quit. In fact I hadn’t really had a plan. I just knew that I could no longer work at Waltman & Goode Worldwide and that I would have to work somewhere else.
“Jake, what wrong? Is Anne okay?” said Marie through the phone.
“Oh yeah, she’s fine. I called you about me. I need to talk to you. Can you get out of the meeting?”
“Not really, I’m running it.”
“Alright then can I come over? I’m on the train about twenty minutes from your station.”
“Sure. Come on in. I’ll be done by then. I got to go and finish the meeting. See you soon.” She didn’t even wait for me to say goodbye before she hung up.
 I skipped my station and went directly to see Marie with my box of personal stuff from my previous job. Her office was too far to walk but the cab ride seemed rather short. I paid the guy and went right up to her office. 
As soon as I walked in I saw that I was extremely overdressed. The employees here were wearing kakis and button down shirts. I had on a full suit with tie, cufflinks and a tiepin. The outfit alone got the attention of the receptionist. I introduced myself and sat down to wait for Marie. She came out in a flash.
“Look at you, wow. What’s with the box?”
“Can we talk in your office?”
She led and I followed with my box. The whole office looked up at me as we walked to the back. She waited for me to enter before she closed the door and sat behind her desk. I sat down in front of it.
“Marie, do you remember when we first met at Anne’s dinner party a few years ago?”
“Yes.”
“Back then you said that if I ever wanted to do some work that was more intimate and focused I should call you.”
“Yes, I remember that. What’s in the box?”
“My personal effects from Waltman & Goode. I quit about two hours ago.”
I proceeded to tell her the whole story. It was either work or family and it had been about the easiest decision I ever had to make. It had even surprised me. We talked for about an hour about what I could do for her and what I would need. The first thing I needed was a computer so that I could send emails to all my contacts.
“Why do you need to send these emails?”
“I’ve worked with some of these clients for years. These as major players, the big accounts. Anytime they were switched to someone else they always asked to come back to me. I just want to let them know I have moved to a more focused operation here and if they have any questions they can call me.”
“And you think we’ll get these accounts or that we can handle accounts that big?”
“Probably not, but they will be more than willing to give us some of the creative side of the business so they can have access to me. Look Marie, starting tomorrow morning my old company will be contacting all my clients letting them know I’m no longer with them. If I know Waltman & Goode, and I do, I can bet they are having meetings right now about how to split my work. They are going to try to blacklist me. If I send out an email now, then I’ll beat them to the punch.”
“Alright, I’ll give you a cubicle and a computer now. When can you start?”
“Tomorrow morning but I can only put in about thirty hours a week until Anne gets back on her feet. After that I’m full time and then some. By the way what’s my title so I can put it on the email?”
“Vice president of new accounts. You get them and then integrate them into the rest of the company. You set up which teams handle what. You answer to our Senior VP, Ira Cohen. You’ll meet him tomorrow morning and we’ll introduce you to the rest of the company at our 9am meeting. Oh, and dress down a bit tomorrow. We’re not as formal as your old employer.”
Marie let me leave my personal effects at my new cubicle. I hadn’t worked from a cubicle in over ten years but I had to make do with what was available. I sent my emails out and was on my way home in less than an hour.
When I got home Christine was doing homework in the dining room with another girl. She was surprised to see me home so early, though it was after five already. She let me know her mom was upstairs napping. I headed upstairs to wake up Anne.
“Oh jeez, I meant to take a short nap. What time is it?” said Anne, groggily.
“It’s five thirty.”
“What are you doing home so early? I thought it was after nine already.”
“I got a new job. I am now the vice president of new accounts.”
“You got the promotion?” she asked, excitedly.
I explained to Anne what had happened that day. She was worried that I had given up my career but I let her know it was just a lateral move. I didn’t tell her that I would be earning less money but I was sure she knew that already.
“Would you mind if we invited Karen over for dinner?” I asked.
“Sure but call her now before she makes anything for herself. By the way, the girl downstairs with Christine is Karen’s daughter, Emily. So in case you get any ideas, just know that Karen is a package deal.” 
I sighed. Still it was worth inviting Karen over. I wanted to get to know her better. I called her right away and she was at our door in ten minutes. I now how to cook a quick dinner for four and a separate dinner for Anne. 
In half an hour I had a casserole of baked ziti as well as some chicken parmigiana in the oven. While that cooked I made Anne plate. She needed some soft foods that were easy to digest and wouldn’t come up too easily. She got very queasy with heavily spiced foods or anything that was too acidic, like the tomato sauce.
Over dinner the four women were riveted to the new gossip about the split between me and JoAnna. They were even more surprised that I really didn’t care.
“Well if you don’t like airheads, why don’t you date a smart woman?” asked Karen. 
With that question I was now stuck between a rock and a hard place. The answer that had always applied to it was no longer viable. I wasn’t working long hours anymore and I had pretty much given up much of what I had worked for almost a dozen years.
“Well because dating Christine is probably against the law and dating Anne would be like dating my sister,” I answered.  With a little complement and a bit of humor, I had sidestepped the question altogether. 
After dinner Karen and her daughter went home, Anne went back to her room to watch some TV and Christine headed to her room to do whatever it was teenage girls did. I stayed in the kitchen to clean. I knew I could have left it for the maid tomorrow but I hated to leave a messy kitchen overnight. 
In the morning I made a quick breakfast for Christine before school and then headed out to work. Anne would sleep a little later and the maid would take care of her breakfast.
I arrived at my new job at 8am and found at my cubicle a small box of supplies along with my company coffee mug. My computer had been set up completely and there two sticky notes on the monitor. One was for me to call the IT guy so he could set me up with passwords for the proprietary programs and the second one was to go see Ira Cohen as soon as I came in. 
I decided to check my email first. I had one that was worth opening. I opened it, read it quickly and forwarded it to my boss with Karen receiving a copy of it also. I got up to go get some coffee before heading over to see Ira.
“Mr. Cohen?” I said from the doorway of his office.
“Jake, come in. Call me Ira. We’re very informal around here.” I came in and sat down. “I could hardly believe when Karen told me she had hired you yesterday. I’ll tell you, we are lucky to get someone of your caliber.”
“Ira, I’m lucky to be here, trust me.” 
“So tell me, do you have any plans on which company you’re going to try to go after first? Maybe we can get a pitch team ready.”
“Horizon Chocolates. I forwarded you an email a couple of minutes ago about it.”
“Tell me about the company as I read the email.”
“Nobody is pitching Horizon Chocolates because there is talk about them being bought out by Planetary Foods and nobody thinks they are in the market for a new agency. Their new parent company is a long time client of Waltman and Goode so everyone just figures that’s who will do their ad work. As far as I know I was the only person pitching them and they were happy with me because I told them I would give them personal service regardless of how big my old employer was. Now Horizon Chocolates has always worked with small agencies. They like being the big dog in a small setting. Plus their commercials are very edgy, something that a small agency is more willing to pitch than the huge ones. So the obvious question is what happens when Planetary takes over? Usually they either wait out a contract or buy it out, but Horizon is looking to be a bit more independent and is asking for a three to five year period in which they would control their advertising and marketing strategy independent of their new parent.”
“Okay so you charmed them and now that you moved to a small agency they seem more than willing to hear you out. How long do you figure it will take us to pitch them? And how long before WGW can pitch them?”
“We can be ready in two or three weeks, depending on the team available here. It will take my old employer about the same amount of time. The sooner we can schedule though, the more pressure we’ll put on WGW. I mean, no single person over there knew exactly what I was working on. The atmosphere was too cut throat to tell anyone.”
“Alright, then we’ll set up a team today at the morning meeting. Come on we’re going to be late.”
I followed my boss to the small conference room where it was standing room only. Ira asked a couple of employees for their seats at the table and got them. He offered me one of them as he sat down himself in the other. As the meeting started Karen went over several new procedures and rules. There was a small discussion about making a new pot of coffee if you take the last cup. These were things we had never discussed at WGW. Eventually Karen got to introducing me and my new title. She asked for any questions and a couple of hands came up.
“Is this the Jake that Anne always joked about?” a girl asked. I looked over at Karen puzzled. She smiled and answered in the affirmative.
“Jake how long do you think it will be before we can see some new business?” asked one of the guys.
“Funny you asked. I started this morning at 8 and was in Ira’s office at 8:15 talking about a possible new pitch to an interested company. I have a couple of more solid possibilities that we could see in the next seven days and I have another half dozen I want to approach in the next six weeks. So it’s going to be coming in quickly. Obviously we’re not going to get all of it but we are going to get our name out there. I understand there are currently four account executives. I need to see them all for a brief meeting after this one.”
I got home at three thirty from my first day at work. Anne was in her room sleeping. The maid was doing laundry. I went up to see my sister in law who was just waking up. She wanted to talk to me alone.
Apparently I had thought that her treatments were making her weaker and weaker but she knew better. While I had been partially right, she told me that I should start making final arrangements for her. The fight was not going well and she was dying. She told me what she wanted and I took it all in.
Early the next day I picked out her casket, went to speak to a funeral home and made sure things were still in place for the plot next to my brother. I arrived at work around noon.
The next month was a flurry of activity for me, both professionally and personally. A little over four weeks after I had started my job and a week after we had pitched Horizon Chocolates, we were awarded the account. I wasn’t in the office to receive the news with my coworkers. The night before Anne had quietly and calmly passed away.
The funeral that weekend was well attended. Many of Anne’s friends and neighbors showed up. Ira and Marie where even there. Some of Christine’s friends showed up to support her. I walked around thanking everyone for coming but for the most part I kept an eye on my niece. Unbeknownst to me at the time two people kept an eye on me, Karen and Marie. 
After we had buried Anne I had invited everyone to my house for some food. Our maid had made some appetizers but many of the neighbors brought in food. I did some prep work but no cooking. Eventually Christine and her friends moved up to her room. I let her be. At the end of the reception, when almost everyone had left, I finally got some time to break down. Marie and Karen had stayed with me. It was the first time that I cried. The two comforted me.
“What am I going to do with Christine?  Anne was my rock. I took care of her and she would take care of Christine. I don’t know how to take care of a teenager. I don’t know what I’m doing. What am I going to do?”
“Jake, as long as I knew Anne she always told me that you were her rock. That you made it all okay when she thought it wasn’t going to work out,” said Karen.
“She told me the same thing. Look we’ll help you out. It’s not going to be as hard as you think it is. We’ll be there for you,” added Marie. 


****

Chapter 5

 “Where are you going?” I asked as Christine headed towards the door.
“Out.”
“Out wher—” I said as she slammed the door in my face. 
Her defiance towards me was at an all time high. It just got worse every day. She wouldn’t listen, she wouldn’t tell me anything, and she hardly even looked at me.
I looked out the window and saw her going to Karen’s house. I quickly picked up the phone and called my neighbor.
“Hey Karen, its Jake. Did your daughter tell you where she’s going?”
“Yeah, didn’t Christine?”
“No, she won’t talk to me. She tells me nothing.”
“I’ll send her back.”
I saw Christine coming back from Karen’s house and she looked pissed. Maybe I should just have let her go. I heard the door open and she just stood there looking at me.
“I’m going to the movies. There, you happy?”
Before she could shut the door in my face again, I got in the last word.
“You need any money?”
The door suddenly stopped and slowly opened. She looked at the ground, not even bothering to look up at me.
“Yeah,” she said softly.
I pulled out a ten and a twenty and handed it to her. She took the money, very quietly thanked me and walked out.
When she was gone I sat on the couch and contemplated my life.  I had been Christine’s legal guardian for three months now and things couldn’t be going worse. I had no idea what she did between the time she got home from school and the time I got home from work. I didn’t know any of her friends, except for Karen’s daughter. I even had no idea if she was doing well in school or not. The phone ringing broke through my contemplations.
It was Karen. She was inviting me over for pizza. I didn’t hesitate. I grabbed a light coat and headed over there with a bottle of wine.
Being with Karen was a joy for me, though I would never tell Christine that. She would probably freak out if she thought I liked the mother of one of her best friends. 
I walked in and she took the bottle of wine from my hand. I took my coat off, put it on the coat rack and followed her into the kitchen. She set the wine down and came right at me from left field. She walked right up to me and backed me into the wall. 
I stood a good five inches taller than her and had a solid well built body with just enough muscle to make the neighborhood women swoon when I mowed the grass without a shirt on. Still, I was defenseless against her.
She came real close, within inches as if she was going to kiss my body, but never did. She ran her hands on my chest and was starting to turn me into a bowl of gelatin when she finally whispered to me.
“You know what the problem is?”
What problem? Her daughter and my niece were friends? At that point I saw no problem whatsoever. I could hardly think anymore. I had no idea what she was talking about.
“Umm, no,” I stuttered.
She pushed herself away from me gently with the hand she had on my chest.
“The problem is that you’re a push over around women.”
“What?”
She walked back towards the wine bottle and started opening it as she continued o explain to me what exactly she meant.
“You’re a push over, Jake. I mean, I thought you were this debonair gentleman the way Anne spoke about you, but then I come to find that you’re just as lost around women as every other guy is. When a woman says jump you do, mostly because you don’t know how to say no. You don’t know what you want so you jump. Christine knows this. She has free reign over you and until you put your foot down she won’t stop acting like a five year old child.”
“I just want her to like me. All she does is ignore me.”
“Yeah, I know, you want her to be your friend but the time for that has passed. Its time for you to be a parent. You’re the boss in your house. She might not show it right away but she wants a parent. She wants someone who will say no when it’s called for and make all the difficult decisions for her. She wants someone to care enough to ground her, if it comes to that. She needs you to have her back. She’s going to rebel because that what teenagers do but that doesn’t mean you should fold to her whims. It’s a balancing act, even more so because up until three months ago you were just a friend to her. It’s time for both of you to grow up.”
“Alright, so what do I do?”
“Get the door. The pizza is here.”
We ate and talked for a bit mostly laughing and enjoying each others’ company.  My life prior to coming to the suburbs had never consisted of sitting at home having fun. I was getting used to this and I kind of liked it.
After we ate we watched a romantic comedy. I finally headed home before he girls got back and saw us together. At the door I instinctively gave Karen a quick kiss on the lips.
“Hey, what was that?” she asked, smiling.
I gave her another quick kiss.
“We’ll see,” I responded as I headed home.
Funny enough the kiss turned out to be very little as nothing further happened between us for a few of months.
Work had become very demanding for me after I had started working full time. We were getting so much new work and Marie insisted that I don’t work overtime so I could spend time with my niece. So when I was at work I was up to my ears in projects.
The trade magazines had written a small article about me after my surprise move and then a second one a month later when we were awarded the Horizon Chocolate account. Now Kirkpatrick Advertising was the talk of the town. We were the little agency that could.
Karen had asked me to go to Christine’s field hockey games.  The first time I went I had no idea what field hockey was but I left work early and went anyway. I sat next to Karen as she explained the game.  I was basically regular girls’ hockey with grass instead of ice, smaller sticks and the players all wore skirts. I watched with great interest. I got loud in my cheering a couple of times but after the first time I did, it kind of energized the other parents to cheer too. When Christine scored a tying goal I really got loud.
“Woo Hoo! Good job Christine, that’s my girl,” I screamed out.
After the game I waited in the car outside the locker rooms. Christine came out put her stuff in the back seat and climbed in the front seat. I took off.
“You’re loud, Uncle Jake. I heard you clearly out on the field. You’re like all the cheerleaders rolled into one.”
“Sorry but I’m devoted to my team.”
“You called me your girl.”
“Well you’re my girl. You don’t mind do you?”
“No, it’s cool.”
I knew she liked it. She wouldn’t come out and say it because she didn’t want to expose herself that way, but I knew.
“Uncle Jake, can I have a car for my birthday?”
“Ha, I don’t think so.  Maybe if you get a summer job and pay for half of it, I’ll pay the other half—”
“Really?” she said bouncing up and down on the seat. “I can get a job now.”
“No, not until summer. I want to see you getting at least all B’s in all your classes.”
“But I’m getting mostly A’s now.”
I did it. I got her to tell me her grades.  Now all I had to do was get a report card but I could get the school to send me a copy to my work address.
Karen’s daughter Emily and Christine both had their birthday’s in the same week. I had been planning a party with Karen but that had quickly changed into another plan. They had had a combined party several times and it was almost expected that we would do that again. So we had planned something else. 
I late March we had them both pack bags for a warm destination, though we didn’t tell where we were going. They figured it out at the airport as soon as we got to the gate. The four of us were headed to a resort on the Grand Bahamas Island for their spring break. 
We had gotten one room for Emily and her mom and another room for me and Christine but we let the teenagers have their own room so they could stay up as late as they wanted and sleep in. We had a couple activities planned for the four of us together but mostly we let them roam free.
Karen and I had a great time together. We went into town to go shopping a couple of times, we went snorkeling, had massages and sat by the pool a lot. We held hands when we thought we were safe from the possibility of the girls seeing us and we even kissed a couple of times, but we never took it any further.
Emily and Christine had a blast. We even caught them drunk one night but we let it go. They assured us the next day that they weren’t drinkers and had had a couple drinks each but didn’t realize the drinks were as strong as they were.
That vacation was the first time I had really seen Christine laugh since her mother had died. I didn’t know when she had stolen my heart, but she had it now.


****


Chapter 6

I was in the conference room with the Kirkpatrick Advertising’s account team waiting for the conference call with a new client. We were expecting the call at 1pm, five minutes from now.
“Jake, you got a call—” said the receptionist before I cut her off.
“Put it through.”
“I think you should take this one in private. It’s—”
“Just put it through.”
The call came into our phone system which was on speaker phone so that everyone could hear.
“Mr. Thayer, good afternoon. This is Mr. Jonathan Bane, the principal at your niece’s school.”
“What happened? Is Christine okay?”
“She’ll be okay. She got in a fight and I need you to come in to talk.”
I looked over at the account rep. He whispered something to someone else on the team, who promptly left the room, and then he mouthed to me that I should go.
“Mr. Bane, I’ll be there in half an hour.”
I walked out of the conference room as Marie was coming in. I told her what had happened and she told me to go. She would help run the conference call.
I arrived at the school a bit pissed at Christine. That quickly faded when the principal brought me to see her in the nurse’s office and I saw the bruise on her face.
“What the hell? Christine what happened?”
“Maybe we should talk in my office,” offered the principal.
I turned to Mr. Bane and let him know who the boss was.
“Maybe you should give me a couple of minutes to talk to my daughter without your interruptions.” I kept looking at him until he stepped back a bit.
“I’m your niece not your daughter,” whispered Christine.
“Don’t correct me. I’m the adult around here,” I responded softly. “Now tell me what happened?”
She told me how a girl had insulted her mom and she had responded I kind. The girl had then delivered the first punch and as she was cocking to throw a second punch, Christine had hit her in self defense.
I put my arm around her and walked her to the principal’s office. Mr. Bane thought it best that we talk alone so Christine sat outside the office with the secretaries.
“Mr. Thayer, Christine got into a fight today in the cafeteria. Both she and the other girl blame the other for starting the fight. Either way it doesn’t matter because I’m going to have to suspend both girls for fighting.”
“So this fight happened in the cafeteria? Did you talk to anyone else? I’m sure someone else saw the fight and can tell you who really started it.”
“The friends of each of the girls will all blame the other girl. I can’t go through a prolonged investigation when I already know who the two girls who were fighting were.”
“Oh, so starting a fight, which is in fact committing assault, is punishable the same way as self defense?” 
“Well, no—”
“Did you call the police Mr. Bane? I’m sure they won’t mind investigating this crime since you’re too lazy to do it. You do know that not reporting an assault on a minor is a crime,” I said, slowly raising my voice.
“I thought that would be over doing it—”
“Are you teaching our kids that it’s okay to commit a crime by not reporting it if you are the person in charge? Christine was defending herself and I don’t see why she should be punished for that. What choice did she have? Was she supposed to let the other girl hit her over and over?”
“Well, no—”
“Maybe I need to call my lawyer,” I said, pulling out my cell phone.
“Mr. Thayer, please. I’m sure we can work something out.”
Ten minutes later I was walking out with my niece in tow. I wrapped my arm around her shoulders as we exited the building.
“I’m sorry. I think you scared Mr. Bane. What did he say?”
“Three day suspension but it doesn’t go on your record. You’re lucky. I need to go back to work so I’m taking you with me, okay?”
“Alright.”
I walked into the work and was confronted by Marie as I was making my way to my office.
“Jake, in my office, now. And bring Christine.” She didn’t sound too happy.
 We both walked in and sat in front of Marie’s desk she was sitting behind the desk leaning forward on it. She was very upset about something.
“Christine,” Marie said softly, almost sounding as she was containing her anger, “your uncle is a very important part of this company. Many of our clients ask for him by name. Which is why one of our new clients was very upset when he wasn’t available this afternoon for a scheduled conference call. Jake, you have to call them and make this all good.”
“Yeah, no problem. I’ll smooth it over.”
“Christine, you’re mom was one of the best employees I’ve ever had here. I mean, she was golden. I see a lot of her in you but fighting? Come on, you know better. So what’s the punishment?”
“She got a three day suspension,” I said.
“Alright, well since Jake can’t stay home and watch you because I need him here, you, Christine, will be my new unpaid intern for the next three days. I expect you to come in at eight and work until five with one hour for lunch. As an intern everyone here has more authority than you and you will do whatever they ask you to do. Maybe this will teach you what the real world has in store for you without an education.”
I walked out of the office and headed down to see one the account reps.
“Roger, you remember Christine, Anne’s daughter,” I said. “She our new intern for the next three days. Don’t you have those reports you need to make copies of?”
“Yeah. Oh man, the timing couldn’t be better.”
I left my niece with Roger while I went back to my office to call my client. After about an hour on the phone they understood perfectly why I hadn’t been available for them. They were happy that I was going to have Christine work off her punishment. I also got some idea of where they wanted to go with their strategy and even offered some ideas off the top of my head. I made an appointment to have us go see them in a couple of weeks and then got off the phone. Before I left for the day I went to see Marie.
“Thank you for that. I hadn’t even thought that far as to what I was going to do with her being at home,” I said.
“You know I got suspended in high school too. My dad made me work off my punishment here, as well as work the whole summer for free. Christine is lucky she got off with only three days.”
That night I had Christine go to bed early. She would have a full day at work and would need her rest. Before she went up to her room she came into the kitchen to talk while I cleaned.
“Uncle Jake, thank you for standing up for me at school today. I thought you were going to be mad at me. You surprised me. I’ll see you in the morning. Good night.” And then she kissed me goodnight for the first time since she had been a small child.
It was those tiny victories that made me feel like a giant. If it hadn’t been so late I would have called Karen and bragged. Maybe I would get a chance tomorrow. 


****


Chapter 7

I hated surprises. That wasn’t altogether true. Christmas presents I liked. A surprise kiss from Karen I liked. A surprise birthday party though was about the worst thing you could do for me, short of setting me on fire. Unfortunately the only people who really knew this were dead. Karen, Christine and Emily set up my birthday party without even knowing I hadn’t celebrated it in over twenty years. 
Marie and Ira had left the office about three in the afternoon to go to an important meeting and left me in charge on a Friday in early May. I knew full well what the date was but I hadn’t shared it with anyone since I had turned eighteen years old. Paul and Anne had known better than to say anything about it. It was a sad day for me and I was looking forward to going home and having a quiet weekend.
I left work at six, about half an hour after the last employee left. Christine had called me to ask where I was and to tell me that she was going to the mall. I let her go. The peace and quiet would be welcome tonight.
The drive home was slow, as was to be expected on a Friday evening at rush hour. Even with all the traffic it took me just forty five minutes to get home. I sat in my SUV on the driveway for a few minutes. I looked at my home, the house that had previously belonged partially to my sister in law, my brother before that and my parents over two decades ago. It was the only thing that Anne had left just for me. She thought I should own the house outright since it had been in my family for so long. Every other cent she had we had decided to put it in a trust for Christine.
I looked in the dark house and then over to Karen’s house. There wasn’t a light on at her place. I wondered where she had gone to. I then noticed that there didn’t seem to be a light on in any of the other houses in the neighborhood. Apparently I had not been invited to wherever the whole neighborhood had gone to. I got out of the car after about five minutes and headed into my place.
I opened the door, turned on the light and…
“Surprise!”
The lights came on and there stood all my neighbors in my decorated house. Marie and Ira were there with their spouses. Christine and Emily were standing in front of Karen. I just stood there with my mouth open. I dropped my briefcase, turned around and walked out the house.
“Where’s he going?” I heard Christine ask as I made my way back to my car.
“Hey Jake. Jake, hey, where are you going?” Karen called after me. We both made it to my driver’s side door at the same time.
“You’re not going to stay for your party?” said Karen smiling at me. I saw Christine at the door.
“What is this?” I asked.
“Your birthday party, silly.”
“I don’t celebrate my birthday, Karen. I hate, hate surprise birthday parties more than anything.”
“What? Why?”
“The last time I had a surprise on my birthday I was in the house alone when two lawyers came over to tell me my parents had died that day. I don’t celebrate the day my parents died.”
“Uncle Jake?” I heard Christine ask.
“Honey, go back inside. We’ll be right in,” said Karen assuringly. She pulled me over to the other side of the SUV so we could be a little bit hidden from my house and the guests within it.
“Jake I understand you haven’t celebrated your birthday in along time. But back then you had Paul. Did he ever walk out on you? Did he ever leave you to fend for yourself, even once?”
“No.”
“And yet you feel its okay to walk out on Christine? You are the only family she has. You said you wanted her to like you. She organized this herself. She talked to all the neighbors, called Marie and Ira, put this whole thing together for you. It took her close to a month. She even had the people at your work try to find out what kind of cake you liked so that she could get the right flavor. She and Emily decorated the house today from the moment they got back from school. Yeah I understand, you don’t want to be here, but you are going to go back in that house and at least pretend to have a good time or so help me God I’ll.”
“You’ll what?”
“I’ll, I’ll…Just go back inside.”
“You coming?”
“Leave me alone for a minute. I need a minute,” said Karen, trying to catch her breath.
“I’ll wait. I’m not leaving you.”
“Watch your words, Jake. You’re in danger of giving a woman hope.”
“Come on, my cake is getting cold.”
I pretended for the first five minutes of the party. After that I really had a good time. I changed out of my work clothes and into an Over the Hill black t-shirt. The cake was out of this world good. And then we got to the presents. I got some clothes, some stuff for my office and some gag gifts. The last present I opened was from my niece. She handed me an envelope.
“An envelope? What is it?”
“It’s what you really want, Uncle Jake. Open it up.”
I slowly opened the envelope and pulled out the paper inside.
“What is it?” asked Ira.
“Read it out loud,” said someone else.
“It’s a certificate for a date with Karen, along with a brochure for a bed and breakfast in the Catskill Mountains. Christine, what is this?”
“Oh come on. The whole neighborhood can see how you two look at each other,” said Christine.
“My mom said she would be willing to go if you were,” added Emily.
I hugged and thanked my niece. It was exactly what I wanted. I then got up and asked Karen on a date. She joked that she would think about it.
So I was now forty and nowhere near where I had thought I would have been by now. I was a parent, though I had no children of my own. I worked for a small but well respected firm and while I could have earned more elsewhere, I wouldn’t even dream of leaving. The woman I had been courting secretly for a few months was about my age and easily did things that took me great effort to accomplish. It was all new to me and I wouldn’t have had it any differently.
Karen and I went on our date the same weekend that the girls went on a school trip to Philadelphia. We ended up near Windham, NY at a cozy little place. Our weekend was filled with some country shopping, hiking, sitting in the outdoor hot tub and watching the stars. It was also the first time that we had ever moved farther than just kissing and holding hands.
I made a decision about Karen that weekend, though I didn’t share it with her right away. I had to think about it some more and consult a couple of other people. 


****


Chapter 8

I got Christine’s last report card of the year in late June and found out she hadn’t been lying to me. She pulled almost straight A’s in all her classes. Even more shocking was that she had a boyfriend. A fact she let slip out during dinner one night. I asked her to bring him over so I could meet him and she said no. I told her to bring him to dinner and I would invite Karen and Emily so he would be safe, though I didn’t think he would be any safer or more comfortable with more women around.
Now that summer was here Kirkpatrick Advertising was looking for a summer intern. We got applications from a lot of candidates. Ira passed the stack over to me and asked me to pick three and give them to him so he and Marie could pick the final candidate. I spent all of half an hour flipping through the applications. I picked my three based on what I thought were good qualifications, put them in a folder and dropped them off on my boss’ desk. So that was how it came to be that by the end of the day Christine had a summer job working for us.
I had actually been floored that she had even applied. I hadn’t suggested it. I wouldn’t have thought she had a chance against the college students but when I saw her application I noticed that I was better put together than some of her competition. She had paid attention to the details. I didn’t want to play favorites and I didn’t. I passed on the applications of the applicants that I thought could learn the most from us while being the most helpful to us.
Christine ran around at work doing all the mundane tasks quickly and efficiently. Whenever she was done with something she would always go find someone else to give her more work. She sat in meetings with clients handing out paperwork, she worked on basic excel forms and writing letters, She even helped with the mail every once in a while. The one thing that made her extremely popular was that she brought donuts for the staff meetings. 
In late July after months of working on a campaign for Horizon Chocolates we were ready to present the final product. It was a stressful time for everyone, even Christine. The day of the presentation the whole staff was dressed up as Marie had made it a requirement. Christine looked beautiful in her dress. The meeting would be attended on our side by two accounts reps, Ira, Marie, Christine and me. I would be the chief presenter, the account reps were there to answer any specific questions about the ad campaign, Ira and Marie were there to answer questions and provide information about the firm, and Christine was handing out papers, filling coffee cups and helping out as needed. 
The six of us were in reception waiting for our guest at two in the afternoon. As soon as they got off the elevator I recognized three of the four people they had brought, the vice president of marketing for the company, the product manager for their new product and the vice president of sales. Their fourth person, an older gentleman, I didn’t know. I welcomed them all and they shook hands with everyone including Christine before entering the conference room. 
Everything had been laid out perfectly. In front of each seat there was a pad of paper, pen, a plug for a laptop, a small plate for pastries, an empty porcelain tea cup and a bottle of water. Christine picked up a carafe and offered everyone coffee. 
Marie opened up the presentation with a short introduction of everyone and then they introduced themselves. The unknown gentleman was Robert Decker, the son of the founder of their company. I didn’t even think the guy was still alive.
After Marie was done Christine passed out a packet of papers which explained what we had done for them. I started my presentation and moved through it quite well. I took visual clues on how the clients were reacting and shifted the presentation as necessary. We kept it lively yet very informative. After I was done I could see that they were very impressed with what our team had done.
“”Jake, that was great. I mean great. This campaign you and your team have cooked up is beyond anything I could have expected. I am impressed,” said their VP of marketing.
There was general agreement by all of them. Our months of diligent work had paid off.  Then I noticed that the founder’s son had an odd expression on his face. Something wasn’t right. He finally spoke.
“Jake that was good but I want to know what Christine thinks about it.”
All of us turned to Christine and she looked at me briefly before answering.
“I, well, I’m just an intern. I’m just sixteen and I’m still in high school. I don’t know what to tell you. I don’t know what you’re asking.”
“Christine, I understand that you’re not as well educated as everyone else sitting in this room. The thing is that the demographic for this product is boys and girls twelve to eighteen years old. You fit that category. I want you honest opinion on whether this campaign would prompt you to buy the product?”
My niece looked at me as if she wanted me to get her out of the situation. I just wasn’t able to.
“Go ahead Christine. Tell us your honest opinion. Whether you like it or not is okay,” I reassured her.
“I’ve spend about a month watching this team put together this thing. I sat in meetings, I saw how they came up with ideas and I’ve learned a lot. In my honest opinion the campaign itself moves in the right direction. I think it’s great. I just don’t think it goes far enough. The campaign as it stands now would not convince me to buy the product.”
“Okay,” I said. “Could you please let us know why not? What’s missing? What could we do better? How can we move this campaign further along so that you would buy the product?”
She sighed, took a deep breath and took us all to school. In about fifteen minutes she taught us how teenagers thought. She showed us where we had been right and where we had missed the mark altogether. She told us about other ads that had worked and what they did that might work for us here. She didn’t know most of the industry terms but we all knew exactly what she was talking about. Both of our account executives and their VP of marketing took diligent notes.
When she was done the founder’s son stood up holding the packet on papers we had handed out at the beginning of the presentation. 
“Can you guys turn this into what Christine just said?” he stated as he held the papers up.
“Absolutely,” answered Marie.
“You do that and we’ll approve the project. In fact if this works the way Christine said it would, this could easily turn into a multi year, multi product deal. Now that is great advertising.”
Shortly after that our clients made their way out but not before the Mr. Decker offered Christine a letter of recommendation for when she went to college. He also jokingly told Marie that he was thinking of stealing my niece away to work at his company.
 The six of us came back to the conference room and sat down. I had Christine sit next to me.
“Any thoughts?” asked Marie.
“I’m sorr—” I placed my hand on top of Christine to quiet her down. The question was not meant for her.
“Did he say multi year, multi product?” asked Ira.
“Yes, that’s exactly what he said,” answered Marie, almost laughing. “Christine since you only have about five weeks until you have to go back to school I want you to help the account team update the current campaign.”
“I thought you were going to fire me,” she said softly.
 Are you kidding? Okay team, let’s get started.  Jake I need to see you in my office.”
I went back to my office and dropped off all my papers. I had a couple of phone messages and various emails but those could wait. I went over to see Marie.
“What’s up, boss?”
Marie sat there smiling and nodded over to an empty seat. I took it, leaned down and rubbed my eyes.
“Can you believe that?” she asked me.
“I can’t believe she was honest even though she thought you might fire her for it. Had it been me I might just have lied.”
“Well I can’t promote her, she still just a teenager. Anybody else though would have gotten a promotion on the spot. So how do I reward her for opening up a multi million dollar door for us? You must know what she wants. Anything come to mind?”
She wants a car, that’s why she’s working for the summer. I told her that if she could pay for half, I would pay the other half.”
“How about I’ll match whatever payment you put towards the car?  She earned that Jake, at the very least.”
 “Okay, she’ll appreciate that. I suppose you should tell her though. Oh, and another thing. She’s going to need a letter of recommendation from you for college. That’ll take her a lot farther than the car ever will.”
“Deal.”


****


Chapter 9

I held Karen close to my body as I spun her around. She was laughing and finally pushed me away.
“Where did you learn to dance like that?” she asked.
“I picked it up here and there. The waltz, the hop, swing, the lindy, salsa, tango, I know a whole bunch of them. I suppose I’m a great date for weddings.”
“The neighborhood block party is not a wedding. Plus we’re on the front yard, not a dance floor. Half the neighbors are watching.”
“Who cares? Come here. Dance with me some more,” I said, reaching for Karen.
“Go get the food ready, silly. Where are the girls anyway?”
“I needed some last minute things and sent Christine and Emily to the market.”
This was the last hurrah of Summer before school started. A block BBQ and party complete with moon bounce for the little ones and a ton of food for everybody. Most of the guys were barbequing the meats; burgers, hotdogs, chicken, steak and even some fish. I had gone with something easier. I had made some vegetable kabobs to put on the grill that turned out to be a tremendous hit with everyone, including some of the kids.
When my niece came back in her car she went into the house with Emily, probably to go hang out in her room until it was time to eat. She had been walking on air since getting her car last weekend. It wasn’t new but it was in relatively good shape and with low miles.  
I didn’t have to start cooking for another fifteen or so minutes and I wanted to talk to the two of them alone, so I headed into the house while Karen was talking to some of the other neighbors. I went to my room and grabbed a small box from the back of the bottom drawer of my dresser and went to Christine’s room.  I knocked on the door and my niece told me to come in. I opened the door and stood at the door, silently.
“What?” asked Christine.
“You two are close, right?”
“Yeah, we’re best friends,” replied Emily.
“I’ve been thinking and ah, I was wondering if either of you two would mind being cousins?”
“What? Is that even possible? How could we possibly be… oohh, no. Are you? No.”
“Emily, what do you think?” I asked now that I had gotten no define answer from Christine.
“I don’t know? It’s weird. You’ve been dating my mom for like four months.”
“Well, eight months actually. You girls only know about the last four. So neither of you think it’s a good idea?”
“Wait, wait, wait, we didn’t say that. Does she know?” asked Christine, a bit excited.
“Right now it’s just us three. I’m not even completely sure, but still I went out and, ah...” I fished the small box out of my pocket and tossed it at the girls.
They both looked at the small box before looking up at me. Emily opened it up and they both looked at what was inside for a good ten seconds. Emily closed the box and tossed it back at me.
“Wow. Just from the look of that thing I wouldn’t think you have a doubt in the world,” said Emily.
“Can you give us a little while to talk it over?” asked Christine.
I left them and went back downstairs and out the door. I fired up my grill and started cooking. Karen noticed I wasn’t myself and she kept asking me what was wrong. I tried to play it off but was having no luck. She finally moved away to go get some of the chicken from the other neighbors, while distributing some of the vegetable kabobs. When she returned to me, I noticed she had something on her mind too.
“Jake, Christine and Emily just asked me the strangest question. They wanted to know what you sacrificed to come take care of Christine’s mom.”
“And you said?” 
“Everything.”
“You told them the whole story?” I asked, puzzled.
“No, I told them you gave up everything. You sold your apartment, which you loved; you gave up your career, which you had worked on for over a decade; you pretty much gave up your social life; and from what Anne told me, you paid most of her medical bills with your own money so Anne could save most of her money to give to her daughter. I don’t think Christine knew that. You never told her?”
“No, why would I? I came here because it was the right thing to do, not because I wanted to brag about it.”
“I think she was impressed. The girls told me to tell you that they think it’s a good idea. They said you would understand. Care to explain?”
“Maybe later.”
Late that evening I was dancing and laughing with Karen in her back yard while the girls were in my house watching some sort of horror film with a number of their friends.
“You’re not a bad dancer yourself,” I quipped.
“I can hold my own,” Karen replied.
“Really? Well then I was wondering if you would like to go to a wedding with me so we can show off?”
“A wedding? Who’s wedding?”
“Ours.”
The dancing suddenly stopped and I figured it was a good a time as any. I got down on one knee and asked Karen to marry me, while I presented the diamond ring to her. She said nothing.
“Well?” I asked.
“No way, are you serious?”
“So are you saying no?”
“You’re really asking me, for real?”
“Yes, for real.”
“Then I would have to say yes.”
I put the ring on her finger and she smiled, then laughed. She kissed me twice and then stood in front of me smiling.
“I have to go tell someone.” She ran around her house as I followed her to see where she was going. She headed towards my house. I just hoped there was nothing weird going on in there because they were about to get a visitor.
I followed Karen into my house and she instantly turned on the light. There was a collective groan from the eight bodies already in there.
“Pause the movie! Pause the movie!”
She found Emily and Christine sitting next to each other on the couch with guys to either of their sides. I didn’t think there was enough room to fit another body between the girls but apparently Karen did because that’s where she sat down. She put out her left hand and just held it there.
“No way!” said Christine, feigning surprise.
“Let me see that, mom. Oh, that is beautiful.” 
The two other girls moved over to look at the ring while the four guys looked lost. One of them looked at me and I told him what he was missing.
“It’s an engagement ring. I just asked her to marry me.”
“Ohh, and she said yes?”
“She wouldn’t be wearing the ring otherwise.”
“Congratulations. Do you think now we could get back to our movie?”
Karen and I made our leave but not before I delivered one final message to the teenagers.
“Hey, no weird stuff while we’re gone. I have cameras hidden throughout the house.”
 I heard Christine reassuring everyone that I was lying, though technically she didn’t know if I was or not.


****


Chapter 10

Taking care of Christine had begun as a very difficult task. It took a lot of patience on my part to put up with her in the beginning. I worked hard to let her know that I would always be there for her. It took months before she finally trusted me and begun to respect me as a parent. After that it had been easy. I had punished her a few times but I had never yelled at her or threatened her in any way. I didn’t understand why parents said that raising teenage girls was more difficult than raising teenage boys. On a Thursday in early October, a month after Christine started her junior year I found out why.
I had been home about half an hour from work and I was really looking forward to the weekend. I heard some loud talking outside and ignored it for about a minute until it turned into screaming. I looked out the window and saw Christine and Emily pushing each other and yelling. I looked like a fight was about to start.
 I ran outside, still in my work clothes and put myself in between the girls and pulled them away from each other. Neither was relenting to the fact that I was there. It looked like they were ready to start throwing punches. Over their voices I heard Karen screaming at Emily. Between the two of us we managed to pull the girls apart and send them into their respective houses. I stood there looking at Karen.
“What happened?” she asked.
“I don’t know. I looked out the window and they were both ready to throw down. I came out and got between them. I have no idea how it started.” 
“Look at you. One of them scratched your arm. You’re bleeding.”
“I’ll be alright. You go take care of Emily. I’ll go talk to Christine.”
I went back inside the house and directly to the bathroom to take care of my cut. After it was bandaged I went to talk to my niece. The door was closed and I could hear the loud music clearly. I knocked on the door.
“Go away!”
I tried to open the door anyway but it was locked.
“Christine, open the door.”
“No. Go away.”
 I went to my room and got a pen. I came back to Christine’s door and popped the lock, opened the door and let myself in. She was in bed crying.
“Get out. You can’t come into my room. Leave me alone.”
I walked over to the stereo and shut it off. 
“What was that all about? Why where you fighting?”
“I wasn’t fighting. I was defending myself.”
“No, you were fighting. Do you want to talk about it?”
“No, I don’t. I just want you to get out.”
“Okay, give me your car keys.”
“Why?”
I reached for her purse and dumped the contents on her bed. I grabbed her keys, took the car key off the keychain and then grabbed her cell phone. I put those two in my pocket. I went over to her desk, disconnected her laptop and picked it up. I unplugged her small TV and grabbed that too.
“I’ll be back for the stereo. You can close the door but do not lock it.”
“Why? Where are you taking my stuff?”
‘You’re grounded.”
“Until when?”
“Until this cut on my arm heals and then a month after that.”
I went to my room and took out the battery for the phone and laptop. I hid those in my nightstand. The other stuff I put on the floor of the closet. 
When I went back to Christine’s room the door was shut and locked. I went downstairs and grabbed the tool box before coming back upstairs. I popped the lock again, let myself in and disconnected the stereo. I put those in the hall while I got to work on the door knob.
“What are you doing now?” asked Christine.
“I told you not to lock the door. Apparently you don’t want to listen. So I’m taking your door knob too.”
“Are you kidding?”
I didn’t respond. I just continued working until I had the thing off the door. I put the stereo in the corner of my room and the doorknob in the tool box. As I was returning the tools to the downstairs closet I saw Christine at her door.
“I hate you.” And then she slammed the door in my face.
I made myself some dinner and called Christine down but she said she wasn’t hungry. I wrapped her plate and put in the fridge.
I spent the next hour reading a book and enjoying the absolute quiet in the house. These moments were rare. Karen called me at nine and asked me to meet her outside at the fence.
Karen and I compared notes on the girls’ punishments. They were very similar, except Emily still had her door knob. Emily hadn’t alluded to what had started the argument. Both girls were silent about it. I gave the key to Christine’s car to Karen. That way Christine wouldn’t be able to find it even if she trashed my room.
“Your girl is watching us through her window,” I whispered to Karen.
“So is yours.”
“You think this has something to do with us, meaning our engagement?” I asked.
“I don’t know. You did ask them first and they gave you the thumbs up so I can’t see why they would have a problem with it now.”
We talked for a few more minutes but I could see Karen was getting cold so we kissed goodnight and I let her go back inside. I turned and looked up at Christine. She turned away from the window but I had already seen her. I wondered what this was all about as I went inside to ready for bed.
After a week, my niece was still not talking to me except to tell me how much she hated me, to let me know I wasn’t her father or to tell me to get out of her room. She had been slamming doors for most of the week until I told her that if she didn’t stop I would take her bedroom door of the hinges. Most of the time I was home she would stay up in her room. She wouldn’t even come down to eat dinner with me. Granted she always ate the plate I left in the refrigerator for her but I never even heard a thank you from her.
The second week it seemed like some of the anger that had been feeding Christine’s behavior had subsided. That’s when I decided it was time for me to take action. On a Saturday morning at around ten I woke her up and told her to get showered and dressed.
“I don’t want to. I want to sleep,” she replied.
“Christine, I wasn’t asking you. It wasn’t a request. Now get out of bed, get cleaned up and get dressed. Put on some nice clothes. You have an hour.”
I made some breakfast for me while Christine was in the shower. I ate quickly and then started making her breakfast. She came down in a skirt and nice top, grabbed the toast off the plate and announced she was ready. Internally I was a bit pissed that she wasn’t going to eat the breakfast I was making her but it wasn’t a good time to get angry. I turned off the burner, grabbed my keys and wallet, and headed out the door.
She didn’t ask where we were going and I didn’t offer the information. I knew how curious she was though and the thought of not knowing where we were going must have been eating at her. I stopped at the flower shop, jumped out of the car, bought a bouquet and handed them to her as I got back in.
“I don’t want your flowers,” she stated.
“Good, because their not for you.”
“Oh are they for your girlfriend?”
“No, not for her either.”
I continued driving until we pulled into a cemetery. Christine was well aware of this place. We were going to go visit her parents. I parked the car near the plots we were looking for.
“Come on, kiddo. Let’s go. Bring the flowers.”
At the plots Christine wasn’t really sure what to do so she just stood there holding the bouquet. I cleared both plots of fallen leaves and twigs. When it was clean I instructed Christine to place the flowers at her mother’s grave. She placed them leaning against the marble headstone before stepping back to her original position.
“Hey guys. I thought you might want to see Christine.  She’s been doing well. Her grades are pretty good. I think she has a boyfriend but she’s not talking very much to me lately. She’s really growing into a fine woman. I miss the both of you. I hope you’re taking good care of each other.  I’m trying my best to take care of your daughter.”
I kissed each of their gravestones and turned to Christine.
“Take your time. I’ll be waiting by the car.”
I walked away and didn’t look back. I sat in the car with the engine running listening to the radio. Twenty minutes later Christine climbed in. She had been crying. Neither of us said anything as I drove away.
Our next stop was a diner near the house. The place was full but I still asked for and waited for a booth. When we were seated we ordered quickly and sat there silently. I was waiting for Christine to say something. It took her until we got the food to finally open up.
“Emily said that after you and her mom get married she would be your daughter and I wouldn’t matter to you anymore.”
“And you believed her?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Almost from the moment I started working I thought I would be all about my career forever. I knew then I would never have time to get married and have a child of my own. So when your dad and mom had you I just thought of you as mine. You know, the child I would never have. When your father passed it was almost natural for me to step in. I didn’t know how to be a dad but I knew that if I took care of your mom, she would be able to take care of you. So I started putting  money into your college fund. I send money to your mom. I would even come over and buy you groceries. It was the only thing I knew how to do. Losing your mom though was tough for me. I loved her, I really did. You’re my girl Christine. I’m not leaving you and I’m not going to trade you in. You’re mine.”
“I just don’t want to lose you either.”
“I’m a package deal, honey. Karen doesn’t get me without you also. The same goes for her. I can’t have her without her daughter. I have an idea. Why don’t we sit down with Emily and her mom tonight and discuss it, okay.”
She nodded her head. Now I had to talk to Karen. I doubted she was going to like what I had in mind. 

****


Chapter 11

 “You want to do what? No, Jake, no. It’s a bad idea. Please don’t do it.”
“It will solve the problem, Karen. They’ll do the right thing. We have to have faith in them. Otherwise, this will never end. Just come over tonight with Emily at eight. I’ll take care of the rest.”
“You better be right. If you’re wrong you’ll break my heart.”
She didn’t say goodbye or kiss me. She just walked back to her house without looking back. Great, now I had all three of them mad at me.
I wasn’t much of a drinker, except for an occasional glass of wine. That evening though I had myself a scotch before we all got together. Karen and Emily arrived at five to eight. Christine was already sitting down at the dining room table. Emily sat opposite from her with her mother next to her. I stood at the head of the table. They all looked up at me but said nothing.
“I don’t know what started this problem between both you girls and to tell you the truth it almost doesn’t matter. What does matter is where we are now. Both of you are obviously having doubts about the impending marriage between Karen and I. We want to reassure you that while there will be changes, it won’t be anything bad. This is a good thing for all four of us. Before I asked Karen to marry me I approached the two of you to see if you were okay with it. I want you to realize that I put both of your welfares before the happiness of Karen and I. After thinking about it, you both approved. Now, for some reason, neither of you approve. So to clear things up, Karen and I have decided to put our engagement on hold until both you girls make a decision on whether this is something you really want. I will leave the decision in your hands. Take your time. Talk to each other, or don’t. You can let us know when have made a decision.”
I could see the tears forming in Karen’s eyes as she removed the diamond ring from her finger and placed it on the table. She stood up and walked over to me. She put her hand on my upper arm and gave me the faintest of smiles. She then walked out and went home. I looked at the girls sitting at the table. They were both looking at the ring. I turned and went up to my room.
Sunday was a moping day for me. I did nothing but think about Karen. I was ready for it to be Monday so I could go back to work and have something to distract me.
 At work on Monday I was distracted and Ira noticed right away. He questioned me about it but I told him it was personal and he dropped it. For lunch, usually a standing date with Karen on Mondays, I ate in my office. I didn’t leave my office for the rest of the day.
That Monday night Christine ate dinner with me for the first time in a couple of weeks but we were silent through out it. I spent a large part of that evening looking out the window towards Karen’s house.
Tuesday was a repeat of Monday except I withdrew a bit more. At the end of my work day Marie pulled me into her office. She wanted to talk to me based on Ira’s continued concern for me. 
I told her exactly what had happened. She was furious and wanted to call the girls into the office to talk to them. I told her not to. I had given Christine and Emily the chance to make a decision by themselves and I was going to stick to the responsibility I had bestowed upon them.
Wednesday I started to come out of my shell a bit and plunged myself into my work. I worked through lunch and didn’t leave until well after everyone else had gone home. I left the office at a bit after seven. 
I realized on the way home that Christine and Emily had made their decision by not making it. Karen and I were finished without their approval. I had broken her heart, just like she said I would.
I walked into the house and dropped my briefcase on the couch. Christine looked up at me from her plate of chicken fingers and fries. I sat down at the dining room table.
“You want some? I have some extra.”
I shook my head. I wasn’t really hungry.
“You have to eat. You’re missing meals and not sleeping. I can hear you going to bed late and waking up early.  That can’t be good for you.”
The doorbell rang but I didn’t move. I didn’t care who was at the door. I wasn’t expecting anyone anyway. When it rang a second time Christine got up to get it.
 Emily came into the room and stood next to me. She didn’t look good at all.
“My mom has been locked in her room since yesterday and she won’t stop crying. You have to do something. Please, I’ve never seen her like this.”
 “I’m sorry to hear that Emily but I can’t help you.”
“What? What do you mean you can’t help?” she said softly before raising her voice. “You have to help. You can’t do this to her. You can’t.”
I stood up to face Emily who was distraught and noticed Christine, stone faced, standing behind her.
“I didn’t do anything to her. She’s not crying because of me. If I go over there she’s just going to cry harder. There is nothing I can do. It’s out of my hands.”
“You bastard,” whispered Emily as she backed out of the dining room. 
She turned and ran to the front door as the tears started streaming down her face. Christine just stood looking at me.
“What? You have something to say to me?” I asked.
She stood there just staring at me. I stared back.
“Give me my car keys.”
“Are you joking? You’re still grounded.”
“I need to go talk to Emily in private. I need my car keys and twenty bucks.”
 We both stood there staring at each other for about a minute. We didn’t say anything but I knew that Christine was not going to back down. I finally reached into my pocket and tossed her the keys to my car along with a couple of tens.
 Karen called me an hour later to ask me if Emily was at my house. I told her she had gone out with Christine to talk. She didn’t say much more before she hung up.
In the time the girls were gone I ate the chicken fingers and fries my niece had prepared for me. I spent the rest of the time lying down on the couch. The girls came back by nine that evening and were ready to talk to me. I sat up on the couch and heard them out.
“We talked about it and both want give you our permission to marry my mom,” said Emily.
“Ha, that’s funny. I don’t know if you considered that I’ve been making adult decisions longer than either of you two has been alive. I don’t need your permission to date or marry whoever I choose to. Neither does Karen.”
“I thought that’s what this was about,” Christine said.
“When I asked Karen to marry me I wasn’t asking for her permission. I was asking her if she wanted to spend the rest of her life with me, for better or for worse, no matter what. That’s what this is about. If we take vows then you girls are tied to them too. I’m tired of both of you telling me I’m not your father. I know that, but I have never treated either of you as any less than my own flesh and blood. I’m tired of the attitudes from both of you toward Karen and me. That’s what this is about. But even all that doesn’t matter anymore.”
“Why doesn’t it matter?” asked Emily.
“Because I broke your mother’s heart. She crying over the loss of the relationship. I’m not ever sure she would take me back even with your ‘permission’ to marry her. I think at this point your mom and I are done. It’s my fault. She told me this would happen and I didn’t listen to her. So that’s it. I’m going to bed. Goodnight.”
I heard the girls speaking downstairs for another half hour or so before the front door opened and closed. Christine came upstairs shortly afterward.
After dropping Christine off at school on Thursday morning I went to work. I had a very productive day and I caught up on a lot of the work I had put off most of the week. I was still going strong at seven in the evening when my cell phone went off. I picked it up without checking who was calling.
“Jake Thayer.”
“Uncle Jake? Where are you?” It was Christine.
“At work. I have a lot to do so I’m putting in long hours.”
“We need to talk.”
“Go ahead.”
“No, Uncle Jake, in person. Please come home.”
She sounded so sincere and so concerned.  I told her to give me a half hour. I wrapped up my work quickly and went home. 
I pulled into my driveway and noticed the house was completely dark except for the walkway lights. The first thing that came to my mind was that I hoped this was not another surprise party. I really wasn’t in the mood and it wasn’t anybody’s birthday as far as I could remember. Suddenly someone knocked on the driver side window and I jumped. Emily opened the door and the girls waited for me to unfasten my seatbelt. I grabbed my briefcase and the girls grabbed me. They led me towards Karen’s house.
“What are you doing? I’m really tired. Can we do this some other time?”
“No,” replied Christine.
I walked into the house following Emily with Christine behind me, as if they thought they would be able to tackle me if I decided to bolt. I was led to the living room where I saw Karen sitting on the couch in her pink sweats looking like she was bored out of her mind. Even in her sweats she still took my breath away.
“Just getting home?” she asked me.
“Yup, I’m really tired too. Mind if I sit down?”
Karen patted the sofa next to her. I moved towards the sofa and sat down next to her.
“Do you know what’s going on?” I asked.
“No, they won’t tell me.”
Both the girls stood in front of us smiling. 
“Okay we made a decision but there are some conditions. Before we get to that we want to say some things. Emily will go first.” Christine looked at Emily and she took a small step forward.
“Mom, do you remember when I was seven and my father told me he would take me to the zoo and then he never showed up?” Karen nodded. “I remember you holding me and letting me cry. The next weekend you took me to the circus. I thought that was so much better than the zoo. I remember my father making a couple of other dates with me and he never showed up to those either. Then one day he didn’t call anymore. You have always been there for me. You never asked for anything for yourself. You even started your business here at home so you could spend more time with me. You’re the best mom I could have ever asked for.”
Emily stepped back and looked at Christine. 
“Uncle Jake, What didn’t you give up for me and my mom? You gave the both of us everything you had. Mom had no medical insurance and her treatments weren’t cheap, but when she died she had absolutely no debt because you paid it all. I’ve been thinking about how much you’ve given me and I’m just amazed. I don’t remember my father very well but if he was half the man you are, then he must have been a great dad.”
So we came to a decision,” said Emily as she stepped up to be even with Christine. “We think it would be best for me and Christine if you two got married.” 
“But we have a condition,” added Christine. “Emily and I don’t want to be cousins. We want to be sisters. So the both of you are going to have to legally adopt the both of us. We would be honored to have you as our parents.”
Christine walked up to me and placed Karen’s engagement ring on the palm of my hand.
“You two discuss it. Take your time. I’ll be next door with Christine.” 
I heard the door open and shut, and I was alone with Karen. I didn’t say anything. I just looked at the ring in my hand. Karen reached over and rubbed my neck.
“I know what you’re thinking. But even if they had just let us get married without any problems, you would have had two daughters anyway. So this is the way it goes, if we get married I have to adopt Christine and you have to be willing to adopt Emily and Christine. Otherwise we stay single and friends.”
And which way are you leaning?” I asked.
“I think it would be good for the girls to have a mother and a father. Neither have had that for a long time and it’s about time they did. I am more than willing to adopt Christine if you still want to marry me.”
I knew that this one decision had to be made now. I couldn’t take it home and think about it. I wanted to marry Karen. I could and would make the commitment to her. I would be willing to adopt Emily, it was the best thing for her. The problem for me was Christine. I felt that if I adopted her it would be like spitting on Anne’s and Paul’s graves. They were the parents, not me.
“Your brother and Anne would be proud to see you sitting here making difficult decisions for Christine.”
Karen was right. The adoption was Christine’s choice. I wasn’t forcing it upon her.  It was the best thing for all of us.
I picked up the ring and held it between my thumb and forefinger. Karen put out her hand and I slipped the ring back on her finger. 

****


Chapter 12

Kirkpatrick Advertising sent a large bouquet of flowers to Karen congratulating her on her engagement. I didn’t find out about it until I got home from work.
The girls wanted to have an engagement party but right now Karen and I were too busy with the adoption lawyers, integrating our finances and planning a wedding. All that combined with working and taking care of two teenage girls gave us very little free time.
The lawyers had a complicated plan for the adoption but said it would go easier after we got married. Both Karen and I would apply to adopt Christine as a married couple. As that was going on I would apply to adopt Emily. I thought it would be easy but the process was difficult to understand, even after the lawyers explained it. Finally I told them to take care of it and let us know when and where to show up.
Karen and I had looked at both the girls’ financial situations. Generally we would not have done this but Christine had a trust fund left by her parents and we thought it only fair that Emily get one too. Also both girls had college funds that were disproportionately unequal. We needed some cash to even things out between the girls. I suggested getting a mortgage on my house but Karen shot that down. We finally decided that no mortgage was better than having two. Karen would sell her house, pay off her mortgage and use what was left to balance out the girls’ finances. Any money after that, we would put towards our family and eventually our retirement.
Because we needed to get a lot of these things done before the girls turned eighteen Karen and I decided to have her and Emily move in right away so we could put their house on the market. By Christmas we had our first holiday together as a family in our house. 
The wedding was another matter that we had to resolve. Unlike the finances, this one we did with the girls help.  Karen had already had a big wedding so she told me she didn’t need another one, but was willing to go either way. The girls thought that because I had not had one, that we should have a big one anyway. I wanted to have a tiny wedding, just me Karen and the girls.
 My fiancé and I finally decided what to do about the wedding one Saturday night when we went out on a date to dinner.
“Jake, the girls don’t necessarily want a big wedding. What they want is to help plan the wedding. I know you want something small but you have to give them more information so that they can begin planning. So what are you thinking?”
“I thought we could go somewhere, get married and have our honeymoon all in one. I thought it would be nice if we brought the girls with us. They get a vacation and we get to spend quality time with each other.”
“That sounds nice. Where do you want to go?”
“I don’t know. I can’t decide. Someplace warm, for sure.”
“Why don’t you let the girls decide? Then they can plan it and we can take care of the smaller details.”
The girls spend the next week on the internet looking at places to go and resorts. They came up with a long list that they dwindled down little by little. Eventually they came up with two and Karen told them they had to decide on which one. The wedding’s location was their responsibility.
It took them three more days to decide. They finally sat Karen and I at a computer and showed us where we were going and the wedding packages available. We both asked questioned and they knew the answers to all of them. The location was the US Virgin Islands. We would arrive on a Saturday to a resort on St. Croix and get married on Monday afternoon. We would enjoy that resort until Wednesday when we would move to a resort on St. Thomas. We would leave and return home on Sunday.
I was impressed, as was Karen. All we had to do now was get rings, get Karen a dress and get the girls bridesmaid dresses. Karen and the girls would go dress shopping right away. Karen and I would go ring shopping sometime soon. I had to make reservations and pay for the whole deal. In the end I figured it would cost about eight thousand dollars but that wasn’t bad for a vacation for four, a wedding and a honeymoon.
In mid February, about a week and a half before I left for my wedding and honeymoon Marie called me into her office for a conference with Ira and a company lawyer.
“I got a call from Waltman & Goode Worldwide this morning. They want to talk about some similarities between our internet advertising for Horizon Chocolates and some work you were doing for them for the same account,” said Marie.
“And you told them?”
“Nothing. I know they’re making things up to discredit us with our customer. Still they invited me and Ira to go to their offices and talk about it. I would like to know if what we put out was actually work you did for Horizon Chocolates while at WGW?”
“Marie, when I was at WGW they did not have Horizon Chocolates as an account. In fact Horizon has never done any work with Waltman & Goode, as far as I know. Now if WGW has proof that our work is the same as what I was doing over there, fine but I can tell you that when I started working here to get the Horizon account I started from scratch.  And as far as our internet presence for Horizon, Christine came up with the ideas for it.”
“Did you coach Christine?” asked the lawyer.
“No, her answer at that meeting was as much a surprise to me as it was to anybody else in that room.”
“We’re going to have to meet with them, Jake. Otherwise they could tie this up in the courts for a long time. We don’t have the financial resources to go against them,” said Ira.
“Unless we fight by their rules. We got to get our hands dirty. I know how they operate. We would have to do something so outrageous that it would make them back off.”
“You have something in mind, what is it?” asked Marie.
 “I would rather not discuss it, now or ever. I think everyone in this room needs to be able to say they had no idea what I was doing. It’s not illegal or unethical but it is dirty. I’d rather do it alone so if it all goes wrong you can claim innocence.”
“Can you tell me what it’s about?” asked Marie.
“While they concentrate on taking our biggest client, I’m going to make sure they lose one of their biggest clients. By the time they realize they’re in trouble, it going to be almost too late.”
“You’re right, I don’t want to know. Go ahead and do your project. We’ll keep them busy with Horizon Chocolates.”
This little thing I had just plunged myself into would take some work to coordinate. I worked those hours at home. I had developed this need to be with my family in the evening, even if I was still doing stuff for my employer.
Marie set up the meeting with Waltman & Goode right away for the Friday morning a week before I left on vacation. I spent about two hours late Thursday afternoon coaching Ira and Marie on what to expect at the meeting. They knew a lot of it but what they didn’t know was the dirty tactics they used over there. I knew them all. I had even invented some of them. They caught on quick and we set up a plan for the meeting. Though WGW had not invited me or our lawyer, we would show up with our senior management anyway. I wasn’t really looking forward to going back to my old place of employment but I was prepared for anything that might come up. 
Early Friday morning I was picked up in a private car that would take us to the meeting. Ira and the lawyer were already in there. Now we had to go pick up Marie. The ride was quiet. We all knew what we had to do. The lawyer was there more as an intimidation tactic than anything else. Marie and Ira would hear out WGW’s argument but not sign on to any of their solutions. I was there to gather information to use against them.
We were met at the reception area by the president of North American operations, Gavin James. He knew exactly who I was and greeted all of us cordially before leading us to their conference room. 
The room was full of vice presidents mostly senior ones but there were a couple of junior ones too. I knew every one of them, which meant they didn’t have a lawyer present. Everyone introduced themselves and we sat down to talk.
Gavin opened up the meeting by letting us know why we were meeting, though I already knew his ulterior motives. He wanted the Horizon Chocolates account. After his brief presentation one of the senior VPs got up and told us they had evidence that our current campaign had actually been done in house at Waltman & Goode by me and was therefore intellectual property owned by them.
I asked them if they had proof of such a claim and they replied that it was in the hands of their lawyers who were preparing the case against us. That was a lie and all of us knew it. If they really had a case their lawyers would have never allowed this meeting to happen, much less without their presence.
In the end they wanted a multi million dollar out of court settlement and an immediate removal of the advertising campaign. Marie asked for some time to think about it. Gavin didn’t want to give any.
“Look Gavin, you guys have looked at all your options and discussed them with your attorneys prior to this meeting,” I said. “We are looking for the same consideration. Understand though that removing the advertising campaign will not get you the account. Horizon will just get pissed off at you. Then you’ll never do business with them, ever.”
“No Jake, you’re wrong. All they’ll see will be the ineptitude of Kirkpatrick Advertising. It’s simple you can pass the account to us and we pay you half a million or we sue you for several millions. It’s not like it matters anyway. Planetary Foods is getting ready for a second takeover attempt and when they do acquire Horizon they will put the account in our hands. In fact were already working on their new campaign so that when you guys implode we’ll be ready to take advantage of the situation. You have your lawyer with you and we will need an answer today.”
Marie leaned over and started whispering with the lawyer, Ira and me. After about three minutes when we had reached a conclusion Marie stood up and the room quieted down.
“Gavin, apparently were not going to need any time to think about it. As attractive as your offer sounds, you and your fifty seven vice presidents can go screw yourselves. We’ll see you in court.”
Marie walked out and the rest of us followed. In the car I made a call to Robert Decker of Horizon Chocolates, while my bosses and the lawyer listened.
“Mr. Decker, good afternoon. This is Jake Thayer from Kirkpatrick advertising.”
“Hi Jake, how can I help you today?”
“Mr. Decker we need to talk, in private.”
“Sure, what’s on your mind?”
“Actually I was wondering if we could do this in person, outside of the office. If you’re free tomorrow night maybe you could come to my house for dinner?”
“Well I’m usually at the country club on Saturday nights. Will Christine be there?”
“Yes, as well as my fiancé and her sixteen year old daughter.”
“Jake, three women always beats the country club. Can you email me your address and all the pertinent details?”
“Yes sir. I’ll send them to you in about an hour.”
And with that we both hung up. Marie just stared at me. I gave her a thumbs up. If this worked correctly, and there was no guarantee that it would, we could have this mess going down while I was away.  Now all I had to do was make a phenomenal dinner and have my new family schmooze my biggest client. 

****


Chapter 13

I was unaware that Robert Decker didn’t drive at night. It was highly unusual for me not to know my clients that well, but there just wasn’t a lot of information available on Mr. Decker. I knew that his wife had passed away a few years ago. I made sure the women in the household were aware so that nobody asked. I knew he was a driven man at work and had expanded his father company from a North Eastern United States producer to a national brand. I also knew he was a man that preferred his solitude.
I had Emily looking out for his arrival while Karen and I finished up the preparations for the meal. The main dish was already in the oven and had been cooking for quite a while. The vegetables would need a last minute cooking and our appetizers were almost done. Those had to be served warm so we not only had to finish cooking them but then let them cool a bit. Karen was working on a cheese and meat platter to go with wine so we could mingle before our meal. 
If nothing else, the man was punctual. His private hired car dropped him off at three minutes to six and he rang the door bell at exactly six. Christine raced for the door and let him in. Karen and I came out of the kitchen briefly to greet our dinner guest. Mr. Decker had each of the girls holding each of his arms and a bouquet of flowers in his hand. Karen went over to kiss him hello and he handed her the flowers.
“Wow, I’ll tell you Jake, they don’t welcome me this way at the country club, that’s for sure. Where did you get so many beautiful women?”
I shook hand with him and welcomed him to our home. Karen offered him a drink and he went with a red wine. I thought he was a scotch drinker. The five of us sat in the living room to talk though it was Christine and Emily that dominated the conversation. They told him about our impending marriage next week and he told us about his forty seven year marriage to his wife. We all listened intently. The man was a dynamic story teller.
After a couple of runs back into the kitchen, I finally announced dinner ready and we made our way to the dining room.  As we had planned earlier Christine and Emily brought out the food and took out finished plates while Karen and I talked to our guest.  
Everything went fantastic. When desert and coffee time came around and we were all involved in the conversation, Mr. Decker made an offer to both the girls.
“Christine, Emily, I wanted to be the first to let you know that we have paid internships available for the summer. Now we usually offer them to college students but I want both of you on my team so I’m willing to make a personal exception.”
“Oh, can we?” Emily asked me.
“Mr. Decker while it is early in the season to be making such an offer, I need to find out if Marie wants them at Kirkpatrick Advertising. Plus the girls still need to pull good grades or they won’t be doing anything this summer,” I replied, smiling.
“Working as a treat for good grades? Now those are values I can admire. Still I wanted them to know the offer is open to the both of them, with you and Karen’s permission, of course.”
“Thank you, Robert. We appreciate you thinking of our girls. We will certainly consider it when the time comes.”
When we were finally done I pulled Mr. Decker into what used to be the library but was now Karen’s office for a private conversation. The girls and Karen started the process of cleaning up.
“Scotch?” I asked.
“Yes, absolutely. You know my wife always told me I should never drink hard liquor in front of underage kids. I still follow her rule. Now, what is it we need to talk about?”
I sat down on a seat opposite my guest after offering him his drink. I had poured myself one, though I had no intention of drinking it.
“The impending sale of Horizon Chocolates to Planetary Foods.”
“I’m sorry, Jake. That is extremely confidential information. You’re not supposed to know about it. Can I ask who told you?”
“Waltman & Goode threatened to sue Kirkpatrick Advertising over the internet advertising they claim I did for Horizon while I worked for them.”
“That stuff was all Christine’s idea. Plus I’ve never done work with WGW so I’m not sure what work you’re talking about that they did for me. What are they talking about? And how do you know about the Planetary Foods sale?”
“They said that they would end up with the Horizon Chocolates account anyway after the sale to Planetary Foods. At least that’s what they were told. They even said their working on the campaign for you already.”
“Son of a―Planetary is going to screw me. They said I could handle my own advertising even after the takeover. I’ll call them first thing Monday and give them a piece of my mind. Why would they do that?”
“We would prefer if you did not use either my name or the name of our ad agency.”
“Jake, Planetary will ask how I know and if I don’t tell them, then I’ll look like an idiot. I have to tell them.”
“Well there is another way―”
“How?”
“If Planetary actually intends to give your account to Waltman & Goode and they are already working on your campaign, all you have to do is call Waltman & Goode on Monday morning and tell them you want to come on Wednesday to talk about possibly changing your account to them. If they present you with a campaign, even a partial one, then that means they were already working on it. Three days is hardly enough time to put a drawing together, even if you already have the idea down. Afterwards you go to Planetary, tell them you heard a rumor that WGW was planning to take the account over  after the sale and that you have already been presented with an advertising concept by them.”
“What makes you think Waltman & Goode would be stupid enough to show me a concept campaign?”
“Pride. The whole place is dripping with it. They’ll see it as a conquest and give you anything you want. They’ll do almost anything to get the Horizon account.”
Robert finished his drink and stood up. The meeting was over and it was time to go home. He asked to use our phone to call a private car but I would have none of it. I would take him home myself. He said his goodbyes to the family and we made our way to the car.  Robert gave me his home address and we set of to his home.
“What do you get out of all this Jake? I mean, why tell me anything at all?”
“Back when I worked for WGW I was a shark and I got paid handsomely for it. I was the last person you wanted to mess with. Now I have a good job with a great company and I work with really talented people. I enjoy what I do and I enjoy having the clients I have. When I heard what Waltman & Goode were trying to do I surprised myself with how easy it was to go back to the old me. I figured if they went after my biggest client I would go after one of their biggest clients. I like the Horizon Chocolates account.  I don’t know what it is about your company Robert, but something about it makes me want to keep it.”
“Alright, I appreciate your honesty. One more thing about this. The information you have is technically insider information. Don’t trade on it or you could get into big trouble with the SEC. I get the feeling WGW might be doing just that. I hope not but I will have to tell the SEC that I suspect it. I’m sure they’ll check your accounts too. Make sure you’re clean.”
“I don’t trade on my clients or their business. I never have and I never will.”
We rode for a little while longer in silence before Mr. Decker spoke again.
“I had a very good time tonight. Thank you. It’s been a long time since I had dinner with a family. As I told you I’m usually at the country club on Saturday night.”
“Well we should do this again then. No business next time, I promise.”
“Actually maybe next time I could take you all to the country club. The food there is pretty good and my friends will be dying to meet the girls after I tell them about tonight. Plus I’m sure you could make some business contacts there. I told them all about Christine and her ideas last summer. Maybe we can arrange that after you return from your trip.”
“That sounds like a good idea.”
At his house Robert told me to thank Karen for a wonderful evening and wished me goodnight.  I had a slow drive home thinking about what I had just done.
Early Monday morning I went to talk to Ira. It was so early in fact, that he was just getting in.
“Good morning, Jake. Talk to me while I power up the computer.”
“It’s about the Horizon WGW thing.”
“I thought we weren’t going to talk about that.”
“Yeah, well I’m going to anyway. When I was with Waltman & Goode I was a ruthless SOB and, for this project, I’ve easily reverted back to that person. I can’t be like that anymore. I’m looking forward to a marriage to a beautiful woman and adoption of two teenage girls, something I would have scoffed at two years ago. I’m highly uncomfortable with this project and I really don’t think it’s who we are or want to be. I need this job Ira, not only for the money but for my sanity. I like being here and want Kirkpatrick Adverting to thrive. Therefore I can’t and will never do this type of project again.”
“Jake, it was your idea and we were concerned about it also. If you want out then fine, don’t do it. We can handle Waltman & Goode in court. Save your sanity, you’re going to need it for the two girls.”
I smiled at him. If anybody knew about raising teenagers it was Ira. He had already brought up two boys and two girls. He was probably my only male mentor on how to raise Christine and Emily. 
“There is no out anymore. The ball is rolling,” I said.
“Don’t worry, Jake. We have your back. We’re not going to leave you out to dry. Let things go where they may. I’ll talk to Marie and let her know this was a one time deal for you.”
I spent my work week making sure that my staff would have things to do while I was away. We still had some big projects we were working on and they needed very little coaching from me. My special project was hardly mentioned by Marie or Ira. The rest of the staff was unaware of it until Wednesday morning when one of the trade magazines posted on their website that according to an unidentified source, Horizon Chocolates was hunting for a new ad agency. Marie and Ira noted it but made no big deal about it. I just kept the staff busy and told them not to worry. On Thursday afternoon I took a long lunch so I could go buy Karen a special gift.
Friday was special. The news started pouring in at about eight thirty in the morning. By ten it was being covered by the national business news services. A private and until then secret buyout of Horizon Chocolates by Planetary foods had collapsed. There was some rumors about an SEC investigation of Planetary Foods’ ad agency’s senior management regarding insider trading about the deal. Every news bite fed more rumors and by eleven Marie and Ira were telling their news agencies calling them that they had no information about their client or their business dealings. Shortly thereafter Marie came into my office with Ira in tow.
“You’re special project was a job well done.  Why don’t you take the rest of the day off? Begin your vacation early. Well see you in a week.”
I didn’t need any further incentive. I gathered my papers in my briefcase and made sure to take the gift for Karen with me. I was home by noon. 
After getting home and putting my briefcase down, I walked into Karen’s office. She was sitting behind her desk staring at her computer monitor. She looked up and smiled at me.
“I was just reading the news about Horizon. What happened?”
“Somebody screwed up and it wasn’t us, but that’s not what’s important.”
“What’s in the bag?” she asked, looking at the jewelry store bag in my hand.
“Something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue. I figured I would get you something new for the wedding, unless you have something else already.”
“I don’t, but even if I did I’m always willing to take more new things.”
 I pulled out a rectangular flat box from the bag and placed it on her desk in front of her. She looked at it smiling for a couple of seconds before she reached for it. She opened the box slowly and shook her head lightly, still smiling.
“A white south sea pearl necklace with matching earrings,” I said. “I figured maybe they could serve as incentive for us to maybe have a bachelor party now, together, while the girls are in school.”
“Incentive? Jake, the first day I met you, you could have had me. I didn’t need incentive then and I don’t need it now. These are beautiful. Thank you. Now let me feed you a quick lunch before our little party.” 


****


Chapter 14

We took an early flight Saturday morning to the US Virgin Islands because we had to time our arrival perfectly. The girls weren’t too happy about it but they, along with Karen, slept throughout the four hour flight. I read a couple of New York papers. 
I found two articles about the bomb that had been dropped by Planetary Foods the previous day. I also found a quote by Robert Decker stating that Horizon Chocolates was happy with their current ad agency and they were not looking to switch. He called the rumors false and unfounded. 
I didn’t read much more of the paper. Instead I watched an action movie on the small screen on the seatback before me.  I noticed that I was beginning to get nervous about my upcoming wedding. I wasn’t scared and I still wanted to go through with it more than anything but my nerves still got to me.
We had a car pick us up at the airport as that was part of the wedding package we had prepaid for. We checked into the hotel quickly but Karen and I didn’t go to our rooms. We sent our luggage up and left the girls to fend for themselves for a couple of hours while we went immediately into town to get our legal paperwork ready for our wedding. We were back within a couple of hours.
After an hour nap Karen and I changed into shorts and polos so that we could go explore the resort. We had a quick bite at one of the casual restaurants before we started walking the well manicured lawns. 
The hotel itself was located on a gentle hill with the back of it and the restaurants overlooking the beach and the ocean. To the left, the right and the front of the hotel were several acres of lawns, shrubs and a couple of really nice areas. We figured some of these were used to have wedding ceremonies. Eventually we made our way down to the beach where we found some of the other hotel guests sunning themselves. A bit north of the center of the beach we stumbled upon Christine and Emily sunning themselves on the resorts loungers. Both of them had what looked like tropical drinks that we were sure were alcoholic. Karen took a picture of them lying there without them noticing.
“Where did they get those bikinis? Have they always had those?” I asked.
“No, those are new. Let them have their fun. We’ll tease them later about it. Come on; let’s go before they see us.”
We went back to the suite where we locked ourselves inside our bedroom. The girls came in about an hour later while Karen and I were kissing. We got out of bed and went out to talk to the girls.
“Mom, I have a headache,” said Christine.
I had never heard Christine refer to Karen as mom. It was nice to hear it from her.
“Alcohol and sun will do that to you,” replied Karen. “Drink a glass of water and take one of the headache pills I have in the bathroom.”
“We weren’t drinking alcohol,” said Emily, looking rather innocent.
“Yeah and while you were at the beach sunning yourselves in those new bikinis you didn’t charge those pina coladas to the room either,” I answered back. 
“And we got a picture of it too,” replied Karen.
Christine and Emily just looked at each other, not knowing what to say.
“Don’t worry about it. Just keep the alcohol to a minimum and don’t get drunk,” I said. “Now shower and put on some clean clothes. Dinner is in an hour. No jeans, no t-shirts, dresses, skirts or knee length shorts and a nice top.”
Dinner was very good as the restaurant had a varied selection including a large assortment of fresh seafood. After dinner Karen and I went down to the beach where there was an evening bonfire. The girls headed to a small dancing club on the far side of the resort’s property.
 After a short walk on the beach, Karen and I headed back to our room. We lay down in bed and watched a movie. Actually she watched it. I was just enjoying having her in my arms. I couldn’t remember ever being this happy.
In the morning we slept in as we figured the girls would too. I was half awake feeling heavenly while Karen kissed me good morning.
“Dad, were going out for breakfast and then to the beach.”
Karen suddenly sat up and turned to me.
“Did you hear that?”
“They’re going to beach after they eat. Yeah, I got that,” I said sleepily.
“No, not that. The dad part.”
“Right, who was that?”
“Emily, she called you dad. Come on get up, let’s shower. Maybe we can conserve water if we shower together,” Karen said as she tugged on my arm.
“I’m sorry lady but I’m engaged to another woman and I’m due to get married tomorrow. No hanky panky for me, thank you.”
“Come on lazy man, shower with me.”
Karen was very conservative back home.  She threw me a curve ball here and there but I mostly knew what she was going to do. Here in the Virgin Islands though she was letting loose in a way that I had never seen. It was surprising, unexpected and completely out of the blue. It made me love her even more.
After breakfast we headed down to the beach were we rented some sea kayaks and snorkel equipment. We tried to find the girls to see if they wanted to come with us but we couldn’t locate them. We paddled to one location and snorkeled and talked. After about twenty minutes we decided to over to another location. I paddled the kayak to what I thought was an odd shaped piece of floating debris and I found another kayak paddle. Both of us stopped and looked around to see if we locate who it belonged to. About one hundred yards away we saw two other kayaks and they seem to be looking right at us. I waved my paddle and saw someone coming towards me. I told Karen to wait as I paddled over to meet the other person.
The man I met said that the paddle did indeed belong to them. Apparently he and his wife had been trying to get away from their two sons and had come out here to find some solitude when they lost the vital piece of equipment. We talked for about five minutes before we both headed back to where we had come from.
“What was all that about?” asked Karen.
“That was Cory from Indiana. His wife lost the paddle while they were snorkeling. Anyway I made dinner plans with them, their two sons and us tonight.”
Two sons, huh?”
“Well I thought that since they were looking for some time together and we might want to spend our wedding night alone, we might want to introduce the guys to the girls. He said they’re fine young men, eighteen and nineteen years old and they wouldn’t mind having a night to themselves. I don’t know, it might work out.”
“You are conniving, aren’t you?”
After a morning of watching fish, a dolphin and a couple of sea turtles we headed back to return the kayaks. We had lunch with the girls and they were going to go back to the beach until they heard we were headed to massages. They wanted to do that also. They each got private rooms for their massages and I got a couples’ massage with my bride to be.
I didn’t think I was as tense as I was. It was normal for me for my muscled to be as tight as they were. Massages and rubdowns were not a normal activity for me. Apparently the high stress job, the marriage and taking care of the girls had gotten to me. Karen sounded like she was having more fun than I was. When we were done I felt like a bowl of gelatin and I needed a nap. The four of us napped before dinner.
After I was ready and as I was waiting for the women in the living room of the suite, Christine came out of her room and sat next to me.
“Can we talk in private?” she asked.
I asked her to hold on as I went to tell Karen to for her and Emily to meet me and Christine down in the lobby. I came back to my niece and we went to have our talk. We found a couch off to the side and sat down.
“I wanted to talk to you about this whole ‘dad’ thing. I don’t know, it’s kind of weird.”
“I understand, honey. I’m different for me too. Being an instant dad is tough. I’m still getting used to the fact that when Emily says ‘dad’, that she means me. Your mom initially told me the same thing that your dad said about you, that I should take care of you as if you were my own. About a month before she passed away your mom was no longer asking me anything. She was telling me. She said I was now going to be both your mom and your dad. When she passed away I freaked out. I didn’t know what to do with you. I seriously considered sending you away to boarding school. It was Karen that calmed me down and helped me with you during those tense first months when you wouldn’t even talk to me. Remember that?”
“Yeah, I was so mean to you. I really regret that. I didn’t realize you were hurting too.”
“In some respects Karen gently stepped in and played the role of your mom. I remember you spending evenings and even nights over at her place. She taught me that I could no longer be your friend only. I had to toughen up and be your parent. I can’t even begin to tell you how hard that was. Now I got it, for the most part.”
“You’re still goofy sometimes, but yeah you got it.”
“Getting married is really what I want now. I love Karen like I’ve never loved another woman before. I’ve asked both you and Emily if you approve. I’ve even asked for your blessings twice. The second time you and Em decided that Karen and I should adopt the both of you. That was your decision, not mine. We have been working with lawyers for a while now to get that done and we should finalize within three to six months. Look Christine, you don’t have to call me dad. There’s no pressure from me or Karen that you do so. Do whatever makes you comfortable. This is a different experience to all of us. Maybe Emily adapts better than the rest of us or maybe she just adapts first. No matter what you call me, you will always be my girl.”
The bear hug she gave me was nice. She kissed me on the cheek and thanked me. She eased on the hug but didn’t let go. And we stayed like that until I saw our guests from Indiana.
I stood up and introduced Christine and myself to Mr. Johnson and his two sons, Joshua and Michael. Christine apparently had already met the boys at the beach and started talking to them. Mrs. Johnson was still getting ready and would join us shortly. Mr. Johnson whispered something to Michael, the younger of his sons and he pulled Christine away so they could sit and talk. She went happily.
“Joshua, you’ve obviously met my daughters?” I asked.
“Yes sir. We spent most of the morning with them at the beach.”
“How would you and your brother like to go on a date with them?”
“Yes sir, that would be great.”
“Tomorrow night would be ideal for all of us, if that’s okay with you?”
“Yes sir.”
“Now your father tells me you’re both fine young men who will be respectful of the girls. Those two young ladies are my life. I’m sure you understand.”
“They will treat the girls with full respect,” added Mr. Johnson, looking at his son rather than assuring me.
“Mr. Thayer, sir, both my brother and I are ranked in martial arts in Indiana. You can rest assured that your daughters will be safe in our hands. We will be respectful.”
I took out my wallet and handed Joshua a couple of hundred dollars bills.
“Sir?” the young man said, looking at the money, puzzled.
“Make sure both you and they have a good time. They don’t have a set curfew but please don’t keep them out past two in the morning. And try to keep them relatively sober. At the very least don’t get them too drunk. The girls will be busy until late in the afternoon tomorrow. Make plans with them that also include dinner. You can eat here and put it on my room’s bill or go out. The resort’s concierge will let you know where to eat outside the resort as well as the best nightspots to hit.”
“Yes sir.”
Just then Mrs. Johnson approached us with Emily and Karen not far behind.  After further introductions, the eight of us made our way to dinner. 

****


Chapter 15

Emily and Christine had this idea that Karen and I shouldn’t sleep together the night before our wedding so I slept in our room with Christine and Karen slept in the girls’ room with Emily. The idea had more to do with no seeing the bride on the day of the wedding.
I slept well though I felt lonely. I had always slept alone, until a couple of moths ago when Karen had moved in with me, and I had never felt alone in bed. One night without her and I already missed her.
I had an early breakfast with Christine before she went back to be with Karen. Pedicures, manicures, hair and makeup were in order for most of the morning for the bride and her two bride maids. All I had to do was shower, shave, put on a suit and made sure I had the rings. I could do all that in an hour.
I put on a bathing suit and headed to the beach instead of spending the morning in the suite. I tried my best not to think about the wedding early this afternoon. I had some success until Mr. and Mrs. Johnson found me sitting by myself under an umbrella. They joined me and we talked about the wedding, their marriage, our kids, their kids, jobs and a bunch of other stuff. Eventually they left as they had planned to go into town for lunch and some shopping in the afternoon. At ten thirty I made my way back to the room. I took a long shower and was in a hotel bathrobe shaving when I heard someone enter the suite.
“Dad, are you here?”
As I walked out of the bathroom I wondered who that was. It sounded like Christine but I knew Emily was the only one calling me dad. Well that and Karen when she was referring to me. 
I walked out to living room to see Christine with her blond hair up, looking as beautiful as I had ever seen her. She wore a beautiful ankle length, flowing ivory dress and matching high heels.
“Did you just call me dad?” I asked.
“Ah, no. You must be hearing things. The wedding is in forty five minutes. You’re not even dressed. Hurry up. I need to get a couple of last minute things for mom. Are you okay?”
I nodded my head. Christine smiled at me before heading into my room to get Emily’s things. I tried to help her find what she was looking for but she knew exactly where it was. She was gone in a flash. I went back to the bathroom to finish shaving. 
After I was dressed I looked myself in the mirror. I had worn this suit when I worked for WGW only when I was about to make a killer deal. I figured this was about the biggest deal I was ever going to get myself into and therefore I had brought my lucky suit. Cufflinks and a tie that Karen had specifically picked for me finished the look. I grabbed the small box with the wedding rings and put that in the outer pocket of the suit. On each of the two inside pockets I put a small jewelry box. Those were for after the wedding.
Twenty minutes before we were supposed to start there was a knock on the door of the suite. It was the wedding planner the hotel had provided for us. He held up two flowers for my lapel, a red one and a white one.
“I don’t know. I don’t want the flower to draw attention away from Karen. You choose,” I said.
“He pinned the white one on me and talked to me as we headed to our wedding site. Now I was starting to get nervous. We reached the site and it looked great. There was a small tower which looked to be like that of a castle, without the castle and a gentle upward sloping area behind the tower. The minister stood there waiting for me and I stood to his left. He chatted with me softly as if to calm me down. It didn’t work.
Seven minutes after I arrived, my girls arrived with my bride. Christine walked down the aisle first and stood to the right of the minister. Emily came next with Karen’s arm around her daughter. Emily wore a similar dress as Christine and looked just as pretty. Karen had on a strapless white wedding dress with a veil that cascaded down her back. Her makeup and hair were perfect. The pearl necklace and earring brought out more of her beauty. She looked like an angel. 
My knee buckled a tiny bit when I saw her. The minister put his hand on my elbow to steady me and I nodded at him to let him know that I was okay.
The ceremony went well until I had to get the rings. In my nervousness I forgot which pocket I had put them in. I finally found them and we continued. That first kiss of my wife at the end of the ceremony was the best I had ever experienced with anybody.
Our photographer, provided by the resort, took pictures before, during and especially after the ceremony.  After a lot of pictures I was getting hungry and I knew my wife was too so I called off the pictures and we headed over to eat.
Our after ceremony lunch was served at a private balcony away from the rest of the restaurant. I was still so amazed from what had just happened that I almost failed to notice how good the food was. The girls seemed to be just as excited as me.
“I’ve decided that after college I want to be just like you dad,” said Emily, as I smiled. “I want to be a playboy.”
“No, no, no, you don’t want to do that,” I replied as my smile quickly faded.
“Honey, playboy is the term used for men. The one used for women is more derogatory,” explained Karen.
“I didn’t say I was going to be easy. It’s just that I saw those pictures Christine showed me from the barbeques you attended at her mom’s place and you always had a gorgeous girl with you and it was never the same girl. That’s what I want to do, date hot guys, lots of them.”
Christine was smiling at me waiting to see how I was going to talk my way out of this one. Karen was just staring at me with a serious face.
“Emily that’s a hard life. I mean, I went to a party when I was twenty years old and I left when I was thirty eight. It takes a lot out of you. Look at it this way, I have never been happier in my life than I am today. If I had been looking for a real relationship all along I could have met your mother ten years ago. I’ll concede that I dated a lot of pretty girls but the most beautiful one I ever went out with is the one I married. If you want to have a little fun I understand, but you’ll never enjoy life as much as you will being in a loving long term relationship.”
“”Now leave my playboy alone. He’s mine now. Let’s talk about something else,” said Karen.
“Thanks honey. That’s the way to defend your husband.”
“I got a good change of topic,” said Christine, as the main course was served. “Last night before dinner did I see you pay Joshua to ask us out on dates?”
“No way. You didn’t?” said Emily.
I groaned. I was getting a grilling and all Karen could do was chuckle at me.
“You’re right. I didn’t,” I said confidently.
“Liar, I saw you.”
“Yes I gave him money but you didn’t hear the conversation did you? He and Michael wanted to go out with the both of you. From an earlier conversation with Mr. Johnson I found out that he is not as well off as we are. So I gave Joshua some money to make sure that when he and his brother take the both of you out, you have a good time. And while you’re out the Johnson’s get a night alone and I get to spend my wedding night alone with your mom.”
“How much did you give him because I intend to spend every cent of it,” asked Christine.
She was going to haggle. She knew I was a push over but I was surprised she didn’t realize I had mended my ways. Plus I was a professional negotiator of million dollar contracts. This wasn’t going to fare well for the girls. I looked over at Karen and she shrugged.
“You know what, you’re right. I was wrong to give them any money. I’ll just call the boys and cancel the date. Maybe we could spend our wedding night on the couch watching a movie with you girls.”
“What are you doing?” Emily asked Christine, lightly smacking her shoulder. “Dad, I think what Christine meant to ask was that she wanted to know how much money Joshua and Michael have so we don’t have them over spend. I mean you’re the one that said that you were trying to help them, right? So how much money do they have?”
“Two hundred, but don’t punish them for a mistake I might have made, understood?”
They both agreed.
“Since neither of you girls seems to be able to find appropriate subjects for conversation I thought I might offer one,” Karen said, lightly touching my knee. “It’s customary for the bride and groom to give special presents to the bridal party, which in this case would be the two of you.”
I pulled out the two small jewelry boxes from the inside of my suit and placed them in front of my bride. She took them and put one in front of each of the girls. They didn’t hesitate. Upon opening the boxes both girls let out soft gasps. Christine took her necklace out and held it up, examining it carefully.
“Those are fourteen karat white gold, cross over hearts with about half a carat of diamonds each on white gold necklaces. We engraved each of your names on the back so you wouldn’t get them confused,” Karen explained.
Both girls got up and came around the table to hugs us both and thank us. After they sat back down they helped each other put them on.
For desert we had a small layered wedding cake that was as perfect as wedding cakes could be. Karen fed me my first bite and I fed her hers. There was a clinking of the glasses by the girls and a toast by each of them. Shortly after that we made our way back to our suite.
I helped Karen out of her dress and she hung it up while I looked at her.
“I know, but let’s wait until the girls leave. Can you wait?”
“I think so,” I replied.
An hour later Karen and I decided to go frolic at the beach. The girls were already showered and had changed into casual wear. They both sat on the couch watching TV. They muted the TV when I approached.
“I don’t know if you girls will still be here when we get back so have a good time tonight. When you return, no matter what time it is, please call us from the lobby, let it ring once and then hang up. Lastly I’m giving you each fifty dollars. This is for emergencies only. Try not to get separated from each other or the boys, but if you do that’s what the emergency money is for.” I pulled two bills from my wallet and handed one to each of the girls. 
Karen and I purposely stayed out until about five figuring the girls would be gone by then and we were right. We put on some nice clothes and headed down to dinner so we could have our first dance as a married couple.  We had just ordered our food when the announcer cleared the floor and announced both our wedding and the Johnson’s 21st wedding anniversary. He brought both of us out and we danced to a slow song. We danced a second song but this time there were other couples on the floor too. We showed off our dancing skills a bit and then sat down to eat. Neither of us was very hungry and after eating less than half the plate we concluded our meal and headed back to the room.
Our one ring phone call came in at a little after one thirty in the morning. We were still awake and all that meant to us was that we would have to be a bit quieter for the night. We heard the door open and close followed by something falling. I got up, put on a robe and headed out to see what the commotion was. I saw it as soon as I stepped out. Emily was lying on the floor mumbling and Christine was sitting with her back against the wall. 
“She’s runk,” said Christine, pointing at her sister.
“You’re both drunk. Do you need to throw up?”
“I think so.”
I looked back at our bedroom and saw Karen there in her robe.
“Honey, can you take Christine to our bathroom? She needs to get sick.”
Karen and I helped Christine stand up and they both headed to our bedroom. I picked up Emily and carried her to the girls’ bathroom. 
I had to make Emily throw up for her own good and either I would have to stick my fingers down her throat or she would. To keep her clothes somewhat clean and to make the cleaning of her easier afterwards I had no choice but to remove her shirt. I tried to talk to her and convince her to make herself sick but she was having none of it. I then told her I was going to make her throw up and she agreed. I had hardly hit the back of her throat with my fingers when she began throwing up in the tub. I left her leaning over the tub getting sick while I washed my hands and got her a glass of water. I made her drink some but she threw that up also. I waited about five minutes until after she was done throwing up before I made her drink some more. She kept it down.
As I was refilling the glass Karen came in and told me she had put Christine to bed.
“I can’t believe they did this, Jake. I’m just astounded by their lack of judgment.”
“Karen, it’s my fault. I should have seen it coming. I let two teenage girls loose with two older boys. I’ll take responsibility for it.”
“No Jake, you won’t. You put your trust in Emily and Christine and they betrayed that trust. If they want to be treated like adults then they better darn well start behaving like adults.”
I let it go. It wasn’t worth arguing with my wife on our wedding night. It wasn’t as if we had done anything wrong anyway. Karen helped me get Emily clean before changing her into sleeping clothes and putting her to bed.
Karen and I finally ended up going to bed at three in the morning. I apologized to her for arguing and we went to sleep in each others’ arms. 

****


Chapter 16

I woke up at nine, still exhausted from the previous nights activities. I went into the bathroom, grabbed four headache pills, two bottles of water from the mini fridge and went to see the girls. I woke up Christine first and had her take the pills and drink half the bottle of water before letting her go back to sleep. I gave Emily the same treatment. 
I was in the living room, showered and dressed, when Karen finally came out in her robe.
“Good morning,” she said as she sat next to me and gave me a big kiss.
“Morning.”
“I’m going to go wake up the girls.”
Apparently my wife was upset with the girls because I clearly heard her from the living room.
“Good morning, ladies. Wake up. You have one hour to get showered and dressed. Wake up, now. I don’t care that you want to sleep more. Wake up. If you’re not ready in one hour, I’ll ground you and you’ll spend the rest of this vacation in the hotel room.”
“Harsh, don’t you think?” I asked as Karen strolled across the living room back to our bedroom.
“Not at all.”
At breakfast Karen ordered for the girls who didn’t look good. After the waiter left I caught up with him and reordered for the girls. I didn’t think that eggs benedict was a good choice for them now. I ordered them some cold cereal with milk, dry toast with butter on the side, tea with honey instead of coffee and water instead of orange juice.
“So girls tell us about your night last night?” asked Karen sarcastically. “Oh wait, there are the Johnsons with their boys. I’ll go ask them.”
I gently but firmly grabbed my wife’s wrist. She didn’t even try to get up but instead just looked at me, not angrily but more willing to relent to me.
“Enough, you’ve made your point. Stay here and look after your daughters. I’ll go talk to the Johnsons. You’re too angry right now.”
I was very cordial with our new friends as I spoke to their two boys. From what they told me they had been gentlemen the whole evening. I apologized profusely to the four of them for the girls’ behavior. I got their hotel information in St. Thomas before returning to our table. Karen just looked at me waiting for me to update her. The girls nibbled on their toast and cereal.
“The boys told me they brought you home last night. So I need you girls to return to me the emergency money, now.”
Emily and Christine both went onto their purses and pulled out the money. It certainly wasn’t the crisp fifty dollar bills I had given them last night. I took it and counted fifty seven dollars between the two of them.
“I asked you not to punish the boys but you two ignored me. I asked for some consideration so that I could spend some time alone with your mother and instead we end up staying up late taking care of the both of you. This money was for emergencies only and yet the both of you saw it fit to spend forty three dollars worth of it on alcoholic drinks. Karen, the Johnson boys didn’t know that the girls were doing shots every time they went to the bar. They didn’t know the girls had money of their own. The boys spent almost seventy five dollars on a nice dinner with the girls and about thirty on drinks for the four of them. I know this because they tried to give me back my change. Christine, Emily, I really don’t know what to say. I am truly disappointed.”
I just wasn’t hungry anymore. I was disgusted and really didn’t want to see any food in front of me. I put my napkin on top of my plate and got up to leave. Karen reached for my hand, gave me one of her trademark soft smiles and stood up to leave with me. We left the girls to eat by themselves. 
We left a note in the suite simply saying that we were going out. We had planned a couple of days ago to go out with the girls but Karen though it would be better if we spent time together without them. We got a taxi at the front of the resort and headed into town to go shopping.
We arrived back at our suite at nine in the evening with bags of goodies we had bought for ourselves. The girls were watching TV but we went directly into our room. Within the hour my wife and I were packed for our move tomorrow to St. Thomas. We went to bed shortly after that.
The boat ride the next day from St. Croix to St Thomas was quiet. I sat down on a bench watching my wife’s hair blow in the wind as she stood by the railing. I could watch her forever and never love her any less than I did then. The girls finally approached me and sat at each side of me.
“We feel really bad about what happened,” said Emily.
“Good.”
“She won’t even look at us. Is she ever going to forgive us?” asked Christine.
“Not as long as you come to her with that attitude.”
“What do you mean?” asked Emily.
“It’s not about you. This is about her. The whole trip is about her. Her wedding, her honeymoon, her happiness, her future. You girls want her to forgive you. What you should be looking for it is how you can make it right with her.”
“And how do we do that?” asked Christine.
“I would never tell you this in front of her so listen carefully because I’ll never say it again. You know how you become a playboy? You have to be in control all the time. You can drink but you can never get drunk. You never get mad, no matter what. You protect and care for what’s yours. You have to be the problem solver and you have to think on your feet. I never sought out all those girls I dated. They heard I was a really nice guy and they found me. My ex girlfriends even spoke well about me. The only bad thing they ever said was that I was committed to my career, and even that wasn’t that bad because I was making a lot of money. Your mom was the first woman that I ever met that had me fumbling for my words. She might give you the impression that she is tough as nails but she is very sensitive. You hurt her on her wedding night. And then you disappointed me which hurt her even more. You want whatever it is I have? Then the both of you have to figure out how to clean up your own mess and the faster you do it the better. Make sure your mom has a fantastic and lasting memory of her honeymoon.”
I got up and walked over to Karen. I wrapped my arms around her from behind and kissed her neck softly.
“You are my goddess. I love you.”
At the front desk to our new hotel Karen made sure she told the person checking us in that we were traveling with two teenage girls and they were to get no alcoholic drinks. The person helping us made a note of it. The girls were silent and didn’t protest at all. 
Karen and I went our room and started unpacking but the girls knocked on our door a few minutes after entering theirs.
“We’re going to go look around. We’ll be back in twenty minutes.”
I said okay but Karen just kept unpacking. Twenty minutes later I was sitting in a seat with my feet up on the bed and my wife was lying down talking to me. The girls knocked again and came in.
“Okay, we checked the place out,” said Christine. “They have a good nightclub on the grounds, but don’t worry tonight is teen night so no alcohol. We also found a really romantic restaurant here and they have a show tonight so we made reservations for the two of you.”
Karen sat up to listen with a lot more interest. 
“You can still cancel the reservations if you want but we figured we owe you a night to yourselves,” continued Emily. “So Christine and I will eat at dinner by the pool tonight and then head over to the nightclub. We’ll try to be back by one in the morning but we will definitely call you from the lobby and let it ring once before we hang up.”
“Thank you,” said Karen. “That’s very nice of the both of you.”
“Wait, there’s more,” interrupted Christine. “Tomorrow is cruise ship day. Meaning a lot of the cruise ships come in and the passengers are given a day to look around and shop. The beaches might be crowded and the shops tend to give the best deals on Thursdays so we thought maybe we could all go shopping together. You know, as a family.”
Emily carried on, without missing a beat. “And in the evening the town takes on a very festive atmosphere to attract all the passengers before they have to go back to the ship. So here are some brochures for restaurants in town. We figure we’ll get a better choice of where to eat tomorrow night if we make the reservations today before the ships dock tomorrow morning. Okay that’s it. We’ll be out by the pool if you need us.”
Before we could say anything else the girls were out the door. Karen chuckled as she got up off the bed. She walked over to me and sat on my lap.
“What did you do to my daughters? And don’t lie to me, mister.”
I claimed innocence but she didn’t believe me. She thought I had planned it all. She said the girls’ plans had me written all over it. I maintained my innocence.
Karen and I took the next two hours exploring our new surroundings. This place was more family oriented and was a bit bigger. It also had more activities including a very large, dual tiered pool and several hot tubs.
That night our dinner was pretty good and we had a comedy show afterwards. Of course the comedian picked on us, the newlyweds. Karen didn’t waste any time when we got back to our room. I didn’t know what had gotten into her but the woman was on fire.
We didn’t see our daughters again until the next morning when they had another surprise for us. As my wife and I were waking up they came in through the door adjoining both our rooms and rolled in a cart. They served us breakfast in bed and promptly left to go back to their room.
“Okay, maybe this wasn’t your idea. What’s up with those two?” asked Karen.
I shrugged. Whatever plans they had far exceeded anything I expected. After we ate we showered and went to see if the girls were dressed yet. Apparently they had eaten, showered and dressed and were waiting patiently on us. 
We took a cab to town and the girls seemed to know exactly where they wanted to go. Karen and I just went along. It was our turn to sit quietly while the girls made plans for us. When we got to the shopping district Emily put her arm in mine and Christine put hers in Karen’s. The girls made recommendations on things we were looking at, pointing out things we might have missed and generally acting like guides.
At one point Karen stopped at a jewelry store’s window to look at a brooch. I held her from behind to look at what had caught her eye.
“You want it?” I asked.
“No, I’m just looking.”
“I’ll get it for you,” I said moving toward the store’s entrance before Karen pulled me back and wrapped her arms around my neck.
“I don’t need a trinket to remind me of you. You’re all I think about anyway.” She kissed me lightly before turning her head toward the girls.
They seemed to be scheming something. We both turned to look at them before Emily finally noticed us and the girls turned to face us.
“Ah, dad?” said Christine. “Could you meet us here in an hour?”
“Sure. You girls need any money?”
“No, thanks.”
I turned, still holding Karen’s hand.
“Ah, dad?”
I turned again to face my daughters.
“Mom stays. We need her. An hour, okay?”
Sure,” I said as I let go of my wife’s hand. 
The hour was actually well spent. I took the time to go buy some presents for Marie, Ira and my executive assistant. I couldn’t go back to work empty handed. I spent the last of my time in a watch store. I had been meaning to get a new one. 
As I was modeling one, I looked at the time on it and asked the salesperson if it was the right time. He looked at the watch I had then at his watch and confirmed it was the right time. I almost ran out of the store with it still on my wrist. I took it off quickly and told the guy I’d be back.
“I’m sorry I’m late. I lost track of time,” I said as I approached my family. “Ah, no watch. I’m not wearing a watch and didn’t know what time it was.”
“No bid deal, pops,” said Emily.
“Pops?”
The three women laughed. I got to carry the majority of the packages except for a couple of curious small ones that Christine held in her hand. The girls led us to a small shop that had nothing but lockers. I put all the bags in and Christine also put in one of hers. The other she took with her.
The girls had been right in telling us to make reservations because the restaurant we had picked the previous night was packed. Fortunately our reservation meant we only had to wait about ten minutes for a table when everyone else’s wait was half an hour or more.
Before we ate the girls presented me with a small box. I opened it to find a watch.
“I was just looking at a watch very similar to this one. How did you girls know? And where did you get the money?” I asked.
“Mom helped us pick it and she paid for it,” said Emily,
“But we’ll pay her back with our summer jobs,” added Christine.
After all the shopping and a fantastic meal with my family I was tired. I lay in bed watching my wife as she put things away.
“I think I’m going to run out of room in my luggage. Can you take some of my stuff in yours?”
I nodded my head and she dropped couple bags next to my suitcase. When she was done she threw herself on top of me on the bed. 

****


Chapter 17

By Friday the girls were back in Karen’s good graces but they weren’t letting up any. As far as they were concerned they still had a whole weekend to make their mom’s honeymoon one to remember. 
As for me I was tired of running around. I wanted to rest. So when my daughters told me to put my bathing suit on and go out to the pool and rest, I obliged willingly. They said Karen would join me shortly.
I found a couple of lounge chairs near the pool but closer to the beach than the hotel. I put on some suntan lotion, slipped on my sunglasses and lay down on my back to rest. After about ten minutes the heat of the sun was lulling me to sleep. That’s when I heard some hooting. Some guys were making cat calls at some woman. It was rather rude to do and if it was my wife I would have intervened but I didn’t bother to even look up. Truthfully I didn’t want to look at another woman, no matter how pretty she looked.
A minute later something hit me in the stomach and I looked up to see a bottle of suntan lotion and some real gorgeous legs. I picked up the lotion, held it up and laid my head back down on the lounge chair.
“Sorry ma’am, my heart belongs to another woman. I’m married.”
“If you’re serious that has got to be the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard you say,” replied Karen.
I took my sunglasses off and sat up. My wife was the one all the guys had been making cat calls at, and now I understood why. 
“Oh wow. You look hot. Did you have…where did you get―”
“Your daughters convinced me to buy a bikini yesterday and then told me to put it on and come out here to see you. I’m not sure if this is a present to me or if I’m your present to you.”
“I’m speechless. You look gorgeous.”
“Thank you. Put some lotion on me, will you?”
Karen lay down on the chaise next to me and I rubbed her shoulders and back while I put the lotion on her.  When I was done rubbing her back, arms, shoulders and legs, I asked to turn over. I rubbed more lotion on her tummy, shoulders and legs. I could see she was just bucking with anticipation, hoping that my hand would slip, even a tiny bit. 
“You hot now?” I whispered to her.
“Uh huh.”
“Want to take a dip in the pool with me?”
We swam and played together for about half an hour and then went back to sun ourselves. After a couple hours of sun we retreated back to the room. There we found a note from the girls saying they had gone to see the Johnsons to apologize for their behavior and they would be back late in the afternoon. My wife and I spent the time alone exploring each other.
I didn’t know if the girls were planning things as they went along or if they had everything pre arranged but the weekend was phenomenal. There was a family sailing trip, catching sun together at the beach and the four of us even went to the nightclub together, though once there we didn’t stay together.
Come Sunday our entire luggage was overflowing with goodies. We were thankful we would not have to go through customs as repacking this would take an hour.
We got back to New York on a very cold February afternoon.  The girls suggested moving to the Virgin Islands. Karen said she would think about.  As cold as it was I was just glad to finally be home.
I ordered a couple of pizzas after we got home. I was too tired to cook and we all agreed pizza was good enough. Most of the evening we spent putting things away and starting the loads of laundry we had to do. When I found the wedding pictures I asked my wife for frames and she only had a couple but said she would buy more. A couple was all I needed. I put one picture of my wife and me in one frame and another one of my daughters in the other. Those two pictures I would take to work.
I prepared my work clothes for the next day and my briefcase before I went to bed. I was reading a book to help me unwind when my wife came in and sat on the bed. She waited until she had my attention before speaking.
“Thank you.”
“For?”
“The wedding, the honeymoon, I just couldn’t have dreamed of a more perfect way to spend time with you and the girls. I know you spent a small fortune and a lot of time preparing the trip but even while we were there you never once closed your heart or wallet to me or the girls. You were respectful and kind and loving every second we were there. You made it perfect.”
“Don’t forget Emily and Christine. They spent a lot of time making sure we had a good time.”
“I know and I’ll thank them too, but I know you must have talked to them at some point. I don’t know what you said, but whatever it was, you turned both of them on a dime. From one second to the other they went from acting like children to being the beautiful young ladies that they truly are. Jake, you are a wonderful parent. Truly, I see you as the perfect father to our daughters.”
“Thanks, that really means a lot to me.”
I had woken up at six in the morning or earlier for most of my adult life. One week of vacation had changed all that. I was suddenly used to staying up late and sleeping late. This was why on my first day back at work I didn’t arrive at my usual eight in the morning, but instead made it in at nine fifteen, just as the staff meeting was starting.
“Sorry, I’m late. I overslept and stopped for donuts,” I offered, putting down the two boxes worth of sugary pastries.
“Welcome back, Jake,” said Marie, as I made my way to my seat. “For those of you that haven’t met him, this is Jake Thayer, our vice president of new accounts. Now while Jake was away getting married and enjoying his honeymoon, you have him to thank for all the new account inquiries we’ve been getting this week. Jake, as you can see we’ve hired a new account executive and two assistant account executives to replace the two we promoted. I’ll update you in my office after this meeting.”
The meeting went on as it usually did. I tried to chime in where I could but apparently I had missed a lot in the week I was out and would need a couple of days to catch up.
As the meeting was ending but before it broke up I called an after lunch meeting with a couple of my lead AEs. They would be able to update me on any pertinent details on any of our new accounts. I also called a late afternoon meeting with the pitch team top see which companies they had in their sights.
I opened my email program and saw I had eighty six emails to respond to. I would get to that later. I checked to see how many phone messages I had and that number was also high at twenty one. I let them go until after my meeting with my bosses.
I walked into Marie’s office where she and Ira were waiting for me. Marie wanted to know all about my honeymoon. I gave her the very short version. I pulled out the two framed pictures for them to see. They both gushed over how pretty my wife and my girls looked.
“I hope you had a relaxing week Jake because you’re in for a lot of work for the next few weeks. First, did you keep up with the news on our industry?”
“No, not at all. The last newspaper I read was on the flight down there,” I answered.
“Then you’re in for a treat. Waltman & Goode went from the offensive to the defensive. They dominated the business news early last week. Planetary Foods already made a public announcement that they fired WGW as their advertising agency and they are looking for a new one. Another one of their large accounts, National Motor Works, said they are considering a move also. They even lost some of their smaller accounts. The SEC has confirmed they are investigating several individuals there for insider trading. The State Attorney is investigating them for unethical business practices, though they didn’t elaborate what exactly those were.  A few of the members of senior management have already lost their jobs. It’s a mess over there from what I hear and every ad agency within three hundred miles is moving in to steal accounts.”
“Where does that leave us?” I asked.
“Planetary contacted me late last week and said they would like to see us bid for their business. Ira and I pretty much decided that they are too big for us. We don’t want half of our money coming from one account and we are pretty comfortable with the size of this agency now. I would like you to call them and thank them for the opportunity and explain why we won’t be bidding.”
I nodded my head. That was an easy call. I could even direct them to a couple of friends of mine in larger agencies that would be perfect for them. It would help Kirkpatrick Advertising to make as many friends in the industry as possible, specially now.
“For most of the week Mr. Robert Decker has been talking to any publication that would listen to him. He has repeatedly said that Kirkpatrick Advertising is the best ad agency Horizon Chocolates has ever worked with. He has praised our originality in our work and the adoption by us of his marketing team’s ideas into the most successful advertising campaign Horizon has ever had.”
“So now we can’t be sued. He basically said we adopted the advertising ideas from his guys,” added Ira.
“He also said something else that has everyone buzzing. According to Mr. Decker he is in preliminary negotiations to employ a two woman team that he believes is the strongest force in marketing today. Nobody can seem to figure out who he’s talking about, though everyone is looking for them. Several companies have already said they will offer the team double of whatever Mr. Decker is offering. You wouldn’t happen to know who he’s talking about, would you?”
“Yes, I know. They both kissed me and their mom goodnight yesterday. Don’t worry though; we’re still in preliminary negotiations,” I joked. “I’m happy this worked out okay. I’m sure Ira told you this was a one time deal for me. I’m not that person anymore and I don’t want to go back to it. I have a family to take care of now. I can’t be like that anymore.”
“Glad to have you back, Jake. Me, Ira and the whole team missed you. Now go get me some more new accounts.” 



***The End***




Also by Flavio Olcese

Legendary Agent
The Miami Campaign
Agents of the Dominion
CITIZEN: Mars Colony
Rebuilding Eden
Reyes Rising - Adventures of a Young Prodigy
1001 Email Closings & Valedictions



