


Twilight Raiders 
by S. Y. Platinum 
Copyright 2022



Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen


Twilight Raiders isn’t about just one couple (Ry and MaLeah as it was in the sample, unfinished version previously published): it’s about four. They are listed below. 

Sabean (Twilight Raiders) & MaLeah (Twilight Raiders by association)
Rider (The Black Smoke) & Sophia (Twilight Raiders)
Derek (The Black Smoke) & Kyle (Twilight Raiders)
Taylor (The Wolf Pack by blood) & Melissa (Twilight Raiders by association)

There are three M/F couples and one M/M couple. If you have an issue with the LGBTQ+ community, then this book is not for you. 




Chapter 1 

2 Years Earlier 
MeLeah
The sun came through the open curtains, burning holes in my eyes. Or that’s what it felt like anyway. I groaned as I held my throbbing head in my hands and tried to sit up. My efforts were futile. “I’ll never drink again,” I grumbled to myself. Going to Las Vegas was the single most stupid thing I’d ever done for the sake of my younger sister, Melissa, who’d just turned 21. Now, I woke up in a hotel room that wasn’t my own with a splitting headache and zero memories of last night. With much effort, I looked to my right. On the nightstand beside the bed was an unopened bottle of water and some pills. Like hell am I taking those pills, I thought, only to pick them up and notice they were still in their packaging- unopened. They were over-the-counter pills for headaches. That was nice of whomever brought me here. I took the pills with the water then picked up my phone which was laying beside the now empty water bottle. I had so many missed calls and texts from Melissa it would be a miracle if the police weren’t looking for me after being reported missing. I was in no position to talk or listen to a frantic Mel so I opted for texting after I read her previous texts. 

Yesterday 11:45pm 
Mel: Hey sis, where r u? Can’t find u in club. 

12:00am 
Mel: Ready 2 go home? where r u? 

12:15 
Mel: Did u pick up some hot guy behind my back? 

12:30 
Mel: Leah? 

12:40 
Mel: going back 2 the hotel. txt me asap- getting worried 

Today 7:20am 
Mel: just woke up. where the hell r u?! 

8:00 
Mel: You’re freaking me out Leah. txt me NOW 

8:30 
Mel: just wait till i find u--- 

8:45 
Me: Good morning :) 
Mel: OMFG Leah- WTH?! Where r u? R u ok? Y haven’t u been replying? 
Me: I’m fine. I had way too much to drink. 
Mel: r u with him now? 
Me: who? 
Mel: the guy u left with 
Me: no but i don’t even remember anything about him 
Mel: and u think im the irresponsible one. Want me to come pick u up? 
Me: that’d be great. I need to get ready. I’ll text u the place 
Mel: k 

I used Google maps to find where I was then texted Melissa the address. “God, I'm all the way on the other side of Vegas,” I mumbled, struggling to get up. The club Mel and I had partied hard at was in the more crowded part of Las Vegas. The hotel I was at was in the quieter part. I noticed that I was still completely dressed so that was a good sign. At least I hadn’t been raped. I struggled to her feet and walked over to the table where my purse sat. Looking through it, I made sure that nothing was missing. Nothing was missing. Sighing with relief, I noticed the clothes folded beside my purse. Whoever went through this much trouble, I didn’t deserve. I’d been black out drunk yet they took the time to get me the pills and clothes, didn’t take advantage of me nor rob me when they could’ve. Like most men would have. The clothes were a brand new pair of leggings and an oversized T-shirt. The symbol and words on the shirt belonged to a notorious biker club, the Twilight Raiders. It was obvious that this mystery person snagged this tee from the nearest T-shirt shop. Still, the action itself was greatly appreciated and getting out of my skin-tight dress was top on my priority list. I went into the bathroom with my change pair of clothes and took a nice, hot shower. I was really sweaty but the water washed all of that away. After a nice shower with the hotel’s complimentary soap, I put on the leggings and T-shirt. With Melissa still not there and more time to kill, I went down to the lobby and got some coffee. It further helped my headache. I relaxed on a plush couch until my sister walked in. “Ready to go?” she asked. “Yeah; let me just go get my things.” I replied. I was in and out of the room very quickly. Melissa and I climbed into the car. “I checked out already so we can head home,” she said. I nodded and leaned back in the seat, closing my eyes. Once we got home, I would be able to put this terrible experience behind me. Or so I thought. 




Chapter 2 

Present day 
MeLeah
After the Las Vegas incident with my sister Mel, I hadn’t returned to the strip...until now. Two months after Melissa and I had left, I’d found out that I was pregnant. My parents weren’t overly excited that their eldest daughter was sleeping around, but they wanted grandkids in their lifetime regardless and I wasn’t showing signs of settling down anytime soon. Mel was excited to be an aunt too. All during my nine months of pregnancy and over a year into my daughter’s life, the thought never crossed my mind to find my baby daddy until Mel brought it up. So mature for a 23 year old. I instantly felt guilty. Somewhere out there was a man whom I didn’t know that didn’t know he had a child. I was a firm believer in giving people all the information then letting them make the decision on their own. That’s why I was a journalist. I’d heard of quite a few women who thought their child’s father wouldn’t want to take responsibility or that a child would hamper their careers, only for the father to find out later anyway and be pissed. I thought those women were idiots. Yet here I was, practically doing the same thing. That’s how I ended up back in Vegas, but with my 15 month old daughter, Hunter. As soon as I found out I was pregnant, I decided on the name Hunter. Boy or girl, my child was going to be Hunter. Turned out to be a girl. 

I spent a great majority of the plane ride going back through old texts with Mel. Thank goodness I hadn’t deleted any since I got this phone three years ago. Finally I found the hotel he’d taken me to from the location I texted Mel. That’s where I went when Hunter and I arrived in Vegas. “How may I help you? Just a room for the two of you?” the lady asked. I shook my head as I readjusted Hunter on my hip, “Could I ask you how long you’ve been working here?” “Oh. About a year.” “Hmm. Is your manager here?” “Yes. Would you like to speak with him?” “Yes, thank you.” “Of course. You can wait over there.” I nodded and found a seat to wait. Belatedly, I realized how much of a Karen I sounded like- asking to see the manager. I shrugged; oh well. An older man in his late 50’s came out a few minutes later. I stood up, “Hello.” “Hello. What can I do for you?” “I was here about 2 years ago.” “...Okay…” “And let’s just say my daughter here was the product of that.” He nodded knowingly. Clearly a lot of people came here to get pregnant. “I was uh...drunk that night so I don’t remember who I was with and he didn’t leave any contact details…” “You want me to find who checked you in.” “Yes!” “Could you tell me the specific day and approximate time you came?” “Uh, yes.” I gave him all the information I could. He went to work on the computer and after a few moments looked up, “He said his name was Sabean Ryans. That’s the name associated with the credit card as well.” I smiled, “Thank you so much!” “You’re welcome. Do you intend to look for him?” I nodded, confused as to why he asked. His look turned serious, “Be careful then.” I slowly nodded and left a few moments later and buckled Hunter in. I climbed in and looked up Sabean Ryans on Google first, just in case he was famous or something. He had to be or the hotel owner wouldn’t have known him. To my utter shock, he came up. He was downright sinful looking. He was the definition of the male species. No wonder I took him to bed. I could, without a shadow of a doubt, see him in Hunter. I had blonde hair and light brown eyes. Hunter favored her father’s genes; she had light brown hair and blue eyes. Sabean had light brown hair and the richest blue eyes I’d ever seen. He also had tattoos covering both arms. And the reason that the man told me to be careful was because he was the leader of the biker club Twilight Raiders. I gulped. I wasn’t into biker clubs by a long shot, yet even I knew what the Raiders were capable of. That gang was known for being...brutal. I went to his Facebook page. All of the few pictures he posted were when he was at the same place. I knew they were taken on different days because his clothes were different. That meant he hung out in that place a lot. I used Google to track the location of one of them, and pinned down a bar that wasn’t too far away. My inner journalist had come through for me. After taking a deep breath then looking at Hunter, I started her car and pulled away from the hotel. Time to meet my baby daddy.  




Chapter 3 

MaLeah
I arrived at the club about 30 minutes later. I could feel the music’s vibrations all the way in the parking lot. I parked my car then got out and went around to Hunter’s side. I knew what Vegas was like: bright lights and loud music and wasting money, so U came prepared. After unbuckling Hunter, I put her on some noise canceling headphones. I couldn’t shield her from the lights but Hunter could easily close her eyes when they became too much. I closed the car door, locked my car, then went to the door with Hunter propped on one hip. The bouncer gave me a confused look. He’d probably never seen a woman try to bring a toddler into a club before. “Ah, here’s my i.d. I’m here to see her dad.” I said, holding out my i.d. He gave me a slow nod then let me in. I was pleasantly surprised that he even did. Must be a slow night today. It was Tuesday. I went in and immediately wished I’d brought two pairs of noise canceling headphones: the music was going to make me deaf. I went to the bar. The neon light behind it was in all the pictures on Sabean’s Facebook page. The bartender walked over, “What can I get for the two of you?” I almost rolled my eyes. What did he expect me to say? A shot of tequila for me and a margarita for Hunter? “Nothing. I’m looking for a regular here.” “Sure hon. Name?” “Sabean Ryans.” The bartender nodded, “Of course you are. He’s in the back at the pool tables.” “Thanks.” “That’s his baby girl?” I nodded then went to the back where the pool tables were, missing the bartender’s eye roll. My heart was racing in anticipation of meeting the man who’d been so kind two years ago and was the father of my daughter. 

There were about 8 people in the pool room. It wasn’t hard for me to pick out Sabean as he made the winning shot. “Fucking hell! Stop winning. That’s another $100!” the man opposite him said as he slammed down a crisp hundred dollar bill on the table. Sabean smirked and pocketed it, “Thanks.” A woman who was standing beside him smiled and planted a kiss on his cheek. He didn’t seem all that interested but it still made me a bit uneasy. Of course he didn’t know I’d gotten pregnant. Of course he’d moved on to another woman: it’s been two years. What we had was supposed to be a one-night stand. I clenched and unclenched my available fist then cleared my throat. The music wasn’t nearly as loud back there so everyone who wasn’t already looking at me turned at that. My eyes met Sabean’s for the first time. They were even deeper blue than the pictures let on. For a moment I was captivated. Then he broke the stare and glanced at the baby in my arms. His gaze immediately shot back to her, almost as if he knew. “She looks a lot like you.” the other man said: the one who he’d been playing against. “No shit.” he replied. I noticed the woman tense at his side. “That’s what I'm here to talk to you about. I tracked you down to here,” I said, shifting uncomfortably under all the eyes on her. “Tracked me down?” he asked, almost in disbelief. I nodded, “So can we talk...in private?” He nodded and led me out. I followed. He took me to a table on the far end of the club that was shrouded in darkness. I sat down and sat Hunter on my lap. He sat across from me and just looked at me. When I noticed that he wasn’t going to say anything first, I cleared my throat, “This is...uh...Hunter.” He raised a questioning brow, “Okay…?” “Um...we met at a club 2 years ago. I know you probably don’t remember me, but you took me to a hotel. Obviously, we did it. I got pregnant and yeah...here I am.” He looked at Hunter, “So...you’re saying that she’s mine?” I nodded, “Yes. I assume you want to do a DNA test just to be sure, and that’s okay. I know she’s yours though. I can just see it. Plus...I hadn’t been seeing anyone for a while before you.” His eyebrows shot up, “I can see it too: I'm not blind. And I won’t need a test.” I nodded, “So…” “Why did you come looking for me?” “Why? Because you’re Hunter’s father. I just wanted you to know...I guess.” “Do you need money or shi-something?” I couldn’t contain the smile that played at my lips as he curved his curse word in front of Hunter. Then I shook my head, “Oh, no. I have plenty of that.” “Then do you expect me to be a ‘father’?” “...Not unless you want to.” “Well I don’t. Not like I’d know how even if I did.” He said that last part under his breath bitterly. I nodded, “I understand.” “Do you?” “Yes, of course.” He sighed, “Okay then. Do you want a drink? On me.” “Anything non-alcoholic. Last time I got drunk...well…” He chuckled, “Yeah.” He waved a waitress/bartender over. “Oh, thanks for the water and pills and clothes.” He nodded. “What can I get for you three?” the waitress asked with a smile. “One whiskey on rocks, a sparkling berry drink, and…” he looked at Hunter for a moment then added, “...and an orange juice.” The waitress nodded and walked off. “She can drink juice right?” he asked. I nodded, “Yes. Thanks for asking.” He chuckled, “Wouldn’t want to kill my kid on the day I meet them.” She laughed, “Good point.” “So, I assume you know my name.” “Yes. I asked who checked me in at the hotel.” “Ah, I see.” “I’m MaLeah Anderson.” 

Sabean [Say-bee-in]
I slowly nodded as I gave her a look over. She had a good figure, full breasts (not too big, not too small), long blonde hair and puppy dog brown eyes. I remembered the night two years ago like it was yesterday. She was drunk, and so was I, but we worked well together. Her body was pliable and molded perfectly into mine. She responded eagerly to all my touches. From her shyness, he knew she hadn’t been with many men, or not recently as she had said. What the hell, why do I care? He thought. “Do you...uh...want my number?” she asked, distracting my thoughts. “Your number?” “Yes. Just in case you want to see Hunter another time?” “Oh. I guess.” She reached out her hand and I handed her my unlocked phone. She typed away for what seemed like forever. She finished just as the waitress brought our drinks. “Thanks.” I said. She nodded and walked away to fill more orders. When MaLeah handed me my phone back, she had filled in nearly every blank: her full name, MaLeah Riley Anderson, her phone number, and her address. I looked up at her as she held the straw to Hunter’s lips. I texted her so she could have my number. 

MaLeah
My phone dinged so I pulled it out of my purse and checked my text messages.
Today 7:30pm 
Unknown: Ry 

I frowned at my phone. “Who the heck is Ry?” I asked out loud but more to myself. Sabean chuckled as he gulped down some of his drink. I looked up at him, “You?” He nodded, “Nobody calls me Sabean. I’m not too fond of the name.” “Really? I love it!” He blinked twice as if he'd never heard such a thing. He was probably waiting for me to say I was joking. “Seriously. If I ever say your name, I’m not calling you ‘Ry’. Where do you get that from anyways?” “Sabean Ryan.” “Oh!” Then, out of nowhere, he blurted, “Can I hold her?” I looked just as surprised as he was because just a moment ago he said he didn’t want or know how to be a father, but I nodded anyway, “Sure.” I slid over, closer to him, on the horseshoe shaped seating and placed Hunter in his lap. 

Sabean
I tensed up. I’d never held a baby. I’d never expected to either. I hadn’t been planning on having a family anytime soon. But to think that this little girl was my daughter was beyond me. “Relax,” MaLeah said. “Whatever you say ‘Riley’.” I joked, but I did begin to relax. It took a whole 3 minutes for me to relax and another 3 for me to finally pick her up. She looked me in the eye and if I ever had any doubt that she was my flesh-and-blood, which, admittedly I did (but humored MaLeah because after today I didn’t expect to see her or her kid ever again), it was wiped away. Her blue eyes sparked back at me and she smiled. Shit, I thought. “Here’s her orange juice. I’m going to go to the restroom. Think you can handle her while I'm gone?” MaLeah asked. No, I thought. What if she started crying? What if she needed a diaper change? “Of course,” I lied. She nodded, slid off the seat, and went to the restrooms. I sat Hunter on the edge of the table with a sigh. “So she is your kid,” his best friend, Kyle, said. I nodded. “She’s cute.” I nodded again. “So what are you going to do about her?” “Send her and Riley on their way as soon as we’re done here.” “But she’s your daughter.” “Yeah well, a motorcycle club is no place for a two year old. Besides, it’s not like I'm cut out to be a ‘father’. I’m cut from the same cloth as Samuel Ryans.” I said with spite. “Just because your old man didn’t know how to raise you doesn’t mean you can’t try and raise your own kid.” “It’s not just that. Twilight Raiders exposed me to violence, drugs, and all kinds of other crap. That’s no place for Hunter.” “True…” “So I’ll send them back.” “What about Yvonne?” “What about her?” “You have a kid now Ry. What do you mean ‘what about her’? I’m almost certain that’s not what she signed up her when you two started dating.” “It’s not like she’s going to be taking care of Hunter.” “Well, if in the future you get like joint custody or something…” “Kyle, Yvonne and I probably won’t be together ‘in the future’.” He shrugged, “I think she thinks differently.” “I don’t care what that bit-woman- thinks.” Kyle seemed amused that I refrained from using the B-word in Hunter’s presence. I scowled at him. His grin only grew, like he knew something I didn’t. 

MeLeah 
Meanwhile, I found the women’s restroom and went inside. I was about to head out when the woman that was beside Sabean came in. “Are you pretending that that kid is Ry’s bastard?” she asked, mockingly. I spun on my heels and glared at the woman, “Nobody calls my daughter a bastard. Do you understand?” “Well, are you married?” “No. If I was married to Sabean, you wouldn’t be in the picture, now would you?” “...That can’t be Ry’s kid.” “Whether it’s his daughter or not is none of your business.” “It sure as hell is. I’m his girlfriend.” “Not my daughter’s step-mother.” I said and brushed past the woman. “Oh, and, get a better boob job.” I tossed over my shoulder before exiting the restroom, leaving the woman dumbfounded and fuming.
I returned to my seat to find another man there. Sabean seemed to be doing fine with Hunter, keeping her out of the man’s reach. I sat down and sipped on my drink. The two men looked at her. “What?” she asked. “You have a gorgeous body for someone who has a kid.” the man said. “Kyle,” Sabean hissed. “I’m not interested.” I said. “Shame. I could show you a good time.” I chuckled and shook my head. Hunter turned to me and held out her arms. “She’s tired.” I said, taking her. The restroom door banged shut as the woman came marching out. “What the hell is her problem?” Kyle asked. Sabean followed her eyes that were glaring daggers at me. He looked at me with a questioning brow. “She called my daughter a bastard so I may or may not have insulted her boob job.” I said with a shrug. 

Sabean
“She called Hunter a bastard?” I asked. The nerve of her to call my daughter a bastard, even though it was technically true. MaLeah nodded and impersonated her, “‘That bastard can’t be Ry’s’.” Kyle snorted. I brought my rage under control then stood up, “You should probably get going. Hunter’s sleepy and it is getting late.” MaLeah nodded and stood up, “Yeah. Thanks for the drinks.” “Mm-hm.” She got her purse then headed out of the club. I watched her walk out then I downed the rest of my whiskey. I’d never been so emotionally pent up. When I came to the club tonight, I did not expect to become a father. That hadn’t been on my agenda. But here I was. And I was pissed at Yvonne for calling my kid a bastard. As if knowing I was thinking about her bitchy ass, she immediately slid into my lap. “Get off,” I bit out. “What’s wrong?” “I said get off.” “What did that bitch say to you?” “Yvonne, get the fuck off me before I make you. You have some nerve calling my daughter a bastard.” “I knew it. You know I never meant it like that.” “Do I?” I asked before standing up, throwing her off, and leaving. I needed some fresh air. And some more liquor. 

MaLeah
I found a hotel nearby for myself and Hunter. After checking in, I immediately put her to bed. It was late and already passed her bedtime. Afterward, I got ready, settled in, and texted Melissa.
Today 8:56pm 
Me: Found him 
Mel: 4 real?! 
Me: yup 
Mel: What's he look like? Is he hot? 
Me: Google Sabean Ryans 
Mel: OMFG! He’s HOTTTTT 
Me: Tell me about it 
Mel: So what did he say? 
Me: He was chill about it actually. We talked over a drink and he played with Hunter a little 
Mel: aww 
Me: But ofc he has this bitch gf 
Mel: don't they all 
Me: he has my num and everything so if he wants to see Hunter he’s free 2 do so 
Mel: that’s good 
Me: mhm im going 2 go 2 sleep now 
Mel: k. Wish Hunter gn 4 me 
Me: i will 
I put my phone on the bedside table and checked on Hunter before turning off the lamp and burrowing between the cool sheets. Sleep claimed me quickly. 




Chapter 4 

MaLeah
The next morning I woke up to a slew of text messages from my boss. 
Today 4:50am 
Carlton: Ms.Anderson, will you be able to come in to work today? 

5:00 
Carlton: Ms.Anderson, please respond to my messages. 

5:10 
Carlton: Ms.Anderson, you can’t possibly be feigning sleep at this time of day! 

5:20 
Carlton: Ms.Anderson, do you want to get fired? 

I grumbled. “What the hell? It’s 5am!” I hissed. I immediately clamped my mouth shut and made sure I hadn’t destrubed Hunter with my outburst. I called my boss Carlton Runner. “I texted you nearly two hours ago Ms.Anderson. Where have you been?” he asked as soon as he answered on the first ring like he’d been waiting for my call. The prick. “Doing what most people with infants do this time of morning: sleeping.” I retorted. I knew I could get away with that smart comment because I was an invaluable asset to him. Not many people wanted to work at his news outlet because quite a few of his employees had been accused of using unprofessional means of getting information. I planned on quitting as soon as the news came out but he begged me to stay and increased my pay. I knew it wasn’t the best option career wise but I needed stability for Hunter. “I can’t say I know what that feels like,” he said, bringing me back to my present situation. “Poor Mrs.Runner.” “...” “What did you want texting me at 5am on my day off?” “I need you to come into work.” “Why?” “We have more leads on the story. I was hoping you’d be able to help us with some tracking.” I sighed, “Unfortunately, I-” “With pay.” As if that was supposed to make me change my mind. Okay, to be fair, if I had been back home in California I would have accepted it. “No Mr.Runner.” “Ms.Anderson, that was not-” “Listen, i’m not even in the state. I’m visiting my baby’s father.” “...Oh. That’s good to hear.” “Yes. So if you could have someone else-” “Absolutely not. I’ll email you what we have and you can work from wherever you are.” “Are you serious?” “Very. Leads can become outdated very quickly Ms.Anderson. I’m sure you understand that.” I sighed, “With pay?” “Of course.” “Fine. Send it over.” “Thank you.” “...” He hung up. I tossed my phone down at the foot of the bed then climbed out, got her laptop, and climbed back in. Guess today isn’t my off day, I thought grimly. It’s not that I didn’t like my job: I did. But sometimes my boss encroached upon my personal time and it was quite annoying. At least Hunter was still asleep now so I could work without having to feed her at the same time. Thank God for small blessings.

Sabean
I rolled over in bed. I couldn’t get Riley out of my head. I tried to tell himself it was just because she’d carried my child, but I knew that wasn’t it. I genuinely liked her as a person and she seemed to be doing well as a mother. She had, after all, stood up to Yvonne and I knew first hand how much of bitch she could be when she felt threatened. I picked up my phone: 7:30am. “This is too fucking early,” I grumbled. Knock knock. “What?” I said, cursing under my breath. Yvonne stepped in. “Get the hell out!” I snapped, ready to force her if she didn’t immediately comply. “I came to apologize,” she said. Yvonne never apologized, sincerely, that is. “I don’t want your fucking apology Yvonne. Get the hell out of my room. Now, before I say get the hell out of my life.” I yelled. “But Ry!” “Don’t ‘Ry’ me.” I wasn’t that mad at her for calling Hunter a bastard, I just didn’t want her in my life right now. Yvonne was one of those clingy women who got jealous easily and were heavily dependent. At first I liked that; it made me feel very manly, but now it was getting on my nerves. Especially since I’d formally met Riley. She didn’t have a man in her life and she was raising a child on her own. I admired her for that. “What the hell Ry! A whore comes in toting your kid and you fall at her fucking feet!” she said, throwing her hands up. I lost my patience with this woman. I grabbed the first thing I could off my dresser and threw it in her direction. She screamed, “What the hell! Don’t throw your phone at me!” Damn it, I need that phone, I thought. “You must’ve forgotten who I am, Yvonne. You don’t push me around and tell me what to do.” I said, glaring at her. She took a few steps back, nodded, and left out. I retrieved my phone just as he got a text from Conner. 
Today 7:42am
Conner: They’re bringing a shipment in tonight. 
Me: I’ll be there 
Conner: Come prepared this time for fucks sake 
Me: sthu i’m always prepared 
Conner: you’re so full of shit 

I groaned: of all days to have a shipment coming in. The Twilight Raiders, although known to be notorious and brutal when necessary, weren’t actually bad people. Our biggest rivals, The Black Smoke, have been smuggling in drugs through Vegas for God knows how long. If the Raiders could get evidence tonight, the BS gang, as we liked to call them, could crumble very soon, and the Raiders would be on top. Yeah, that was a shitty reason to want to take down a drug ring, but take down the ring we will, no matter what reason. I thought about my baby girl. Maybe, just maybe, if I could take down the Black Smoke soon, I’d be able to see her more often. I may be able to be there for some of her firsts, if I hadn’t missed them all already. I shook my head; what was I thinking? I climbed out of bed, showered and dressed, then headed downstairs to meet up with some of the other Raiders so we could decide on a plan of attack. 
“FaceTime your little girl this morning?” Kyle asked with a teasing grin as I stepped into the kitchen. Now I really wished I’d stayed in bed. This was the Raiders’ hub- right in the center of Vegas. “What little girl?” Tony asked. Clearly, the news hadn’t spread to all the members, and I was glad for that. “You don’t know?!” Kyle asked. “Know what?” “Last night this chick walked in with Ry’s kid on her hip.” “You’re shitting me.” “Nope. Ask him yourself.” Tony turned to me. I grumbled, “Yeah.” “Starting a family already!” “Like hell. I don’t want anything to do with the ‘chick’ or the kid for that matter.” I said although I knew that wasn’t the truth. It’s not that I didn’t want to be a part of my daughter’s life, it’s just that I know that if I do, I’d ruin it. Tony and Kyle exchanged questioning and worried glances. I ignored them and yanked open the fridge to see if there was some food inside. Food could take my mind off of anything. 




Chapter 5 

MaLeah
That evening, I sent Carlton the information from the digging I’d done. I’d spent all day on it, only taking breaks to eat and feed Hunter. From everything I knew, the motorcycle club, The Black Smoke, would be picking up drugs today at a hotel- in Vegas. Talk about timing. And I was the only one in Vegas. No one would be able to get there to intercept evidence of the drop in time. That meant I had to go there myself. It just so happened that I knew a thing or two about snooping in people’s business. But I couldn’t leave Hunter alone, especially not in a hotel in Las Vegas with biker gang members running around. And I most certainly couldn’t take Hunter with me. I only had one option. And while I didn’t entirely trust him, I was pretty good at reading people and he seemed to want what was best for Hunter. That would have to do. I picked up my phone and scrolled to my S contacts. 

Sabean
I was preparing to head out to intercept the Black Smoke when my phone rang. The caller id was Riley, well, her full name. “Who the fuck is that? Is that her full name?” Kyle asked with a laugh. I glared at him then answered, “Hello?” “Sabean.” I winced at hearing my first name. Although I preferred Ry, hearing her say Sabean, it wasn’t so bad. “Riley.” “Do you have plans for the night?” “...Why?” “I need to ask for a favor.” “And that is?” “Can you watch Hunter?” “---What?!” “I don’t have any other options. I need to go out for work and I'm still in Vegas so I just thought, you know, since you’re her dad and all…” I sighed, unable, for some reason, to deny her. “Yeah. Sure.” Maybe it was because she’d been doing it on her own for years. “Oh my God! Thank you! Where should I drop her off?” “I’ll text you the address.” “Okay! Thank you so much!” “Mhm.” She hung up and I texted her the address. “Ready to go?” Kyle asked. I sighed, “I can’t come.” “Why not?” “I gotta watch Hunter.” “---” The whole room fell silent, as if I’d just said something taboo. “You...have to watch...Hunter?” Kyle repeated. “Yes dipshit. Watch my kid. Riley’s got work to do and asked if I could. Of course I couldn’t say no.” “And why’s that?” I wasn’t about to admit that I was happy she thought to call him. “Because I just couldn’t. You’ll manage fine without me. You know the plan.” Kyle sighed, “This is why I'm never having kids. Ever.” I glared at him. Kyle shrugged, motioned for the rest of the guys to come on, and they left, leaving me alone. I looked around the men's den. This was no place for a one year old girl. I quickly cleaned up what I could before she and her mother arrived. Unfortunately, MaLeah and Hunter arrived before I could completely finish but at least it didn’t look like wild animals lived there. Ding dong. I took one final glance around then went to the door, opening it. MaLeah had Hunter in one arm and a bag in another. “Come in,” I said. She shook her head, “I can’t. This is her diaper bag. You know how to change a diaper right?” As if a member of a biker gang just knew how to change a diaper. “I could figure it out,” I said. “Everything’s on YouTube,” she added with a nod. I nodded in agreement to assure her that I’d be relatively okay. She handed me the bag and then Hunter. “I’ll be back as soon as I can.” “Take your time.” “Thanks again,” she said and hurried to her car. 

I closed the door then returned to the living room. I sat the bag on one of the couches then settled on the one directly in front of the TV. I stood Hunter up on my legs and sighed, “What am I going to do with you?” She looked back at me with her big blue, innocent eyes and I knew I was lost. I knew I’d do anything for this little girl to make her happy and keep her safe. If only there was a way to do that and keep her in my life. “Dada.” she said. My heart stopped. For the longest time I just stared back at her, dumbfounded. I was both happy beyond belief and scared shitless. “Let’s find you something to watch,” I finally managed and settled her onto my lap. I turned the TV on and then realized one thing: what could a grown man and one year old girl watch? I knew better than to put on one of the shows I’d want to watch but like hell was I watching Elmo or whatever other shit kids watched. I flipped through the channels and when I came to Barbie, Hunter reached out toward the TV. Shiiiiiit, I thought. If she wanted to watch Barbie, I knew I’d let her. After 20 minutes, Hunter settled back into my arms and fell asleep. “Good idea princess,” I said, getting more comfortable myself. The last thing I remembered was Skipper’s voice. 

I woke up to the sound of muffled voices. As soon as I opened my eyes I wished I could close them and die. The guys were back and everyone was staring at me as Barbie played on the TV. Even MaLeah was back and she had this aww-how-cute look on her face. Hunter was still asleep in my lap so he scooped her up after turning the TV off and stood up. “What are you fuckers looking at?” I said through clenched teeth. “Barbie?” Kyle snorted, “I knew you had a more femine side but…” MaLeah even looked amused, hiding a laugh behind her hand. “Next time you ask me to watch your kid, see what I say,” I said to her. Her expression sobered, “You will say yes since she’s 50% your kid too. Maybe even 60% since she looks just like you.” she said. I knew she was right. “Are you heading back to the hotel?” I asked, switching the subject. “No.” “Oh, well…” “I’m going back home. I have work tomorrow afternoon.” “Oh.” That sucked. Hunter shifted in my arms and clenched my shirt. “Dada,” she breathed. If everyone wasn’t already looking at me they were now. Most were beyond shocked. Kyle looked more amused. MaLeah blinked, “Did she just…” “No big deal. Let’s get her buckled in.” I said, brushing it off. I already knew I wasn’t going to hear the end of it from the guys, especially Kyle. MaLeah nodded and we went outside. I pulled Hunter closer to my body as the cool, night air gave me a little jolt. “Do you know how to buckle her in?” MaLeah asked. “Guess I better learn.” She showed me how. Fairly complicated. 

Once she closed the car door, we were alone out in the darkness. Out of impulse, I wanted to touch her, so I did. I tucked a piece of fly-away hair behind her ear. This was the first good look I got of her. No wonder I picked her up at a club: she was gorgeous. And then, what I did next shocked even me. “Can I kiss you?” I never asked. I always took what I wanted, when I wanted, how I wanted- with no regrets. Breathlessly, she nodded. I leaned down and gently pressed my lips against hers. She opened up for me immediately and I dipped my tongue in. She tasted sweet: just like I remembered her. The kiss was very passionate and slow, as if between lovers. It ended naturally. She looked up at me, “...Sabean…” “Safe travels,” I said and went inside. I couldn’t afford to be involved with her. My world was filled with trouble, and I wanted my daughter and her mother to be safe- which meant far away from me. 

MaLeah
I took a moment to gather my senses then got into the car. I touched my lips. He was a hell of a good kisser. She smiled and pulled out. She arrived at the airport half an hour later. Hunter was asleep so she gingerly took her out of her carseat, slipped on the noise-canceling headphones, and went to check it. An hour later, she was on her flight away from Las Vegas- away from Sabean.




Chapter 6

A week later 
MaLeah
After returning to her home in California, I returned to a “normal” life, or, at least I tried to. Hunter wouldn’t allow me to. Once she had a taste of daddy, she wanted more. Daddy’s girl through and through. She cried whenever she was put down to take a nap or go to bed. She wanted her daddy. What had Sabean done to make her want him so much? I was a little jealous. I carried her around for 9 months then raised her single-handedly for over a year, and she never cried for me. After a week of it, I finally broke down and called Sabean. He needed to either get his ass down here or reverse the “spell” he’s put on our daughter. “Hello?” he answered on the third ring. “It’s me.” “Yes, I know. You put your full name in my contacts.” I chuckled, “Oh...yeah.” “What can I do for you?” “It’s Hunter.” Silence. “Hello?” “Is she okay?” he sounded worried. “Oh, she’s fine.” He sighed with relief, “That’s good. What’s wrong then?” “She cries every time I try to get her to take a nap or when it’s her bedtime.” “Did you mean to call your mother? I’m no expert on babies and how to get them to stop crying.” “She cries for you Sabean.” Silence. “Sabean?” Silence. I checked to make sure the call hadn’t ended; it hadn’t. “Sebean!?” I heard him exhale a shaky breath, “She cries for me? How do you know?” “She keeps saying ‘dada’.” “...I see.” “Sabean, you have to-” “I can’t. I got shit to take care of.” “More important than your daughter crying for you?” “Guilt tripping are we now? I found out she existed a week ago Riley. Don’t you think I might’ve had plans before then?” “...I suppose.” He sighed, “I can’t come down there but maybe FaceTime will work.” “We can try. It’s her naptime now.” “Okay. Let me connect to FaceTime.” We connected. I went to Hunter’s room. “Nap time,” I said, picking her up and taking her to her crib. Like before, Hunter made a fuss. She wanted her daddy. I held up the phone, “See, he’s here.” 

Sabean
Hunter reached out to me. My heart felt like it was being squeezed. Badass biker club president or not, that innocent shit got to me. “Hey princess, I'm going to need you to stop crying all the time,” I said. MaLeah smiled. Hunter calmed down and MaLeah put her to sleep. She sighed with relief, “Thank you Sabean.” “Of course. How have you been?” “Good. Work then Hunter.” I nodded, “I...I wish I could be there for her. I really do. It’s just...I'm not cut out to be a dad.” “Bullshit, Sabean. You watched Barbie with her and calmed her down to go to sleep. Being a father isn’t about giving her this or that, it’s about being in her life when she needs you.” “...I see. But it’s not just that. I’m…” “Part of the Twilight Raiders?” “How’d you…” “Good guess. Look, you don’t do drugs or smoke do you?” “No.” “And you don’t abduct teenage girls do you?” “No.” “Then what’s the big deal?” “...!...” “Listen Sabean, Hunter isn’t the only one who wants you in their lives either.” “Are you saying…” “Talk to you later.” “Riley…” 

MaLeah
I hung up. I couldn’t believe I said that. But it was true. From the moment I found Sabean Ryans, the leader of the Twilight Raiders, watching Barbie with Hunter, I liked him. More like fallen a little in love with him. Not many men in his position would do that. And even though he had seemed a bit embarrassed to be caught red-handed, he didn’t try to make up some bullshit excuse like his hand brushed the remote in his sleep. And that made me love him a little more. Then my mind went to the kiss we’d shared outside. I blushed and hurried to another room. It felt like thinking such naughty thoughts in the presence of my daughter was wrong. I flopped onto my bed and grinned like a fool. Only belatedly did I realize he could very well still be seeing Yvonne. That put a damper on my good mood. 

Sabean
I couldn’t believe what he’d just heard. She’d basically said she was interested in me. I sat there stunned for a while, and would’ve gladly continued to do so if Kyle hadn’t come in. “You look dumbfounded.” he remarked. I blinked. The idea that she was attracted to me wasn’t what was so dumbfounding. After all, I got her pregnant. That wasn’t my concern. It was the fact that she knew who I was and didn’t care. So why was I caring so much? Kyle came around and looked at my phone screen. He chuckled, “I see. Had to see your girls.” “Knock it off, would yah. They’re not my girls,” I said, turning my screen off. But now I knew MaLeah might like that- to be my girl. “Whatever you say,” Kyle said. I groaned; Kyle didn’t know when to shut up. Kyle settled into a chair across from me, “That aside, I have news.” “About?” “The Black Smoke.” I sat up straight, “What?” “Some news company in California wrote a story about their possession of drugs this morning. And it sparked an investigation into the club.” “What?! Really?” “That’s what I said.” “Do they have proof?” “I hope so ‘cus then they’ll be doing all the dirty work for us.” I nodded, “Look into this company.” “I did.” “And?” “The boss is this Carlton Runner dude. “Where does he live?” “California.” “Gather the evidence we’ve collected. I’m going to pay him a visit: make sure he has enough proof.” “Doesn’t your baby momma live out there?” I scowled, wishing Kyle hadn’t picked up on that. “She does.” I said slowly. Kyle grinned, “Sure, I'll gather the info.” I sighed then nodded and Kyle left out.  




Chapter 7 

Sabean
The next day I landed at LAX. I weaved my way through the crowd to where my Uber was waiting for me. I wished I’d brought my bike. Cars and not being behind the wheel weren’t my thing. But I couldn’t ride a motorcycle from Vegas to LA in one day. The Uber took me to my hotel, which most certainly was not the one closest to the address MaLeah had punched into my phone. According to the website, the company would be closed right now so once I settled in I had free time on my hands. My first thought was not to drop by her house, yet somehow, I ended up in front. I got out of the Uber and looked over the house. It was a nice modern home. It clearly costs a pretty penny. I remembered her telling me she didn’t need money- that she had plenty of it. Clearly, she wasn’t lying. I rang the doorbell. A younger version of MaLeah opened the door, “Ye- oh my God! You’re Sebean Ryans- my sister’s baby daddy.” So this was MaLeah’s sister. I nodded, “She home?” “Who? Leah or Hunter?” “Both?” “Hunter’s home. Leah’s grocery shopping. Come on in.” I came in. The inside was very modern too. Hunter was playing on the rug in the living room. When she saw me her face lit up, “Dada!” I couldn’t help but smile, “Hey princess.” I picked her up. That’s when I noticed the stupid grin on MaLeah’s sister’s face. “What?” I asked. “Oh nothing. Leah’s lucky.” “I see.” “I’m Melissa by the way.” We shook hands. “Nice place you got here.” “Thanks. I was eager to get from under my parents’ roof and Leah took me in.” I nodded, “I know that feeling.” “Don’t we all?” I chuckled as I turned my attention back to Hunter. “Leah will be back anytime now. I’ll be in the den if you need anything.” I nodded, “Thanks.” I got a few minutes alone with my daughter before the front door opened and MaLeah walked in with an armload of groceries. “Mel! I’m back! Come help me with these gr- Sabean?” “Hey,” I said, taking the bags. “Thanks.” she said, slowing him to the kitchen. 

MeLeah
Sabean sat the groceries on the counter and watched his tattooed, muscled arms flex. I dropped my purse on the little table and turned to the sink. “What are you doing here? When did you get here?” I asked as I washed my hands. “I have a job in the area. I got here about 20 minutes ago.” “I see.” “Missed me?” he asked, lifting my chin. “No.” “Riley…” “Maybe a little.” He smirked and kissed me, “Missed you too.” I blushed. This big, bad biker had a soft side. “Aww!” Mel said from the doorway. I glared at her. Sabean chuckled. Hunter came waddling into the kitchen. I scooped her up, “Hiya mama.” Hunter smiled. It made her eyes sparkle. “What’d you get?” Mel asked, looking through the bags. I turned to Sabean, “She means ‘anything to snack on’.” Sabean laughed, “I could use one of those too.” “Here. You two go play with Hunter while I make dinner.” I said, handing him Hunter. “Oh come on.” Mel said. “Out.” I said. Sabean, with Hunter, and Melissa were effectively kicked out of the kitchen. “I can’t cook anyways.” Mel said with a shrug. “Me neither. Here. Watch Hunter.” Sabean said. “Huh? Why?” Mel asked although she took Hunter out of his arms anyways. He winked. She grinned knowingly. “We’ll be upstairs.” she said. Sabean returned to the kitchen. 

Sabean
MaLeah was stirring a pot of noodles. “What’cha make’n?” I asked, wrapping my arms around her waist. She leaned into my chest, “Cheesy pasta bake.” “Sounds good.” “Mhm.” “Do you have to constantly stir the noodles?” “Huh? No.” “Good.” I said, slipping the spoon out of her hand. I sat it aside and turned her around, crushing her lips against mine in a heated kiss. She at first hesitated. “Melissa took Hunter upstairs,” I mumbled against her lips. She melted into me willingly now. I cupped her ass and picked her up, sitting her onto the counter. She wrapped her arms around my neck and ran her fingers through my hair. When we both pulled back because of lack of air, I moved to kissing her neck and teasing her now hard nipples through her shirt with my thumbs. She arched into my palms, pressing her full breasts into my hands. I pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it aside. She unclasped her bra and I drew one taut nippled into my mouth. She moaned, pressing my head into her chest. I made sure to pay equal attention to each nipple. By the time I got her jeans unzipped and was pushing her panties, she was drenched. “You’re so wet for me already,” I said with a wicked grin. She nodded breathlessly. I pulled her pants down and off, followed by her panties, then spread her legs. “Look at you, soaking the counter.” I said, rubbing my two middle fingers over her wet lips. “Sabean…” she moaned. I put them to her lips, “Taste how wet you are.” She drew my fingers into her mouth, licking herself from them. I grinned and pulled them out and plunged them deep inside her. She moaned. I leaned down and added my tongue, flicking it back and forth. She writhed on the counter top, clutching my hair. I pulled my fingers out and pushed them in deep repeatedly until she was nearing her climax. “Ah, Sabean...I'm going to…” “Come for me Riley.” Just as she reached her climax I yanked my fingers out and covered her with my mouth, probing in and out with my tongue until she was finished. I licked my lips, “Delicious.” She pulled me up and we kissed fervently. I knew she could taste herself in my mouth. She reached down and unzipped my pants, pushing them and my boxers down, freeing my throbbing, fully erect cock. She slid off of the counter and knelt in front of me. She stroked my length as she teased the tip that was oozing pre-cum. I gripped the counter as she swallowed me. At this rate I wouldn’t be able to hold out long. She cupped my balls as she bobbed up and down, taking me to the back of her throat before relenting then doing it all over. After just a few minutes I couldn’t hold back anymore. “Riley, I'm about-” “Do it.” she said, looking up at me through hooded eyes. To see myself disappearing into her mouth was the final straw. I grunted and released myself. Spurts of hot, slightly salty cum shot into her mouth. She drank me and wrung me dry before standing. “Turn around.” I said, “And hold onto the counter.” She did, presenting me her ass. Without a warning, I rammed into her. She gasped. I fucked her hard and fast like a wild animal. 

MaLeah
When I’d heard people say they liked it “hard and fast”, I just knew she wouldn’t. I was the type of girl who wanted to be wined and dined, then lovingly taken to bed. But Sabean brought out my wild side that I didn’t know I had. And I loved every minute of his brutal assault. He rubbed my bud with one hand and pinched my nipples with the other. We were both moaning as our climaxes came. He slammed into me, balls deep, and came seconds after I did. Neither of us wanted this moment to end but I had dinner to cook so he eased out of me. “Can you cook the beef while I go wash up?” I asked. I couldn’t walk around with his cum running down my legs. He nodded, too out of breath to say anything. While I was in the shower, he cooked the beef. When I came back down, I realized he had done so without putting a shirt back on. I grinned, “I could get used to coming home to a shirtless Sabean cooking me dinner,” I said. He chuckled. Then I took over and he went and washed up. When he returned downstairs, the place smelled heavenly. 

Sabean
When’s the last time I’d had a home cooked meal? Since I took over the Twilight Raiders when I was 20. That’s when I moved out of my parents’ house to the hub. Once dinner was ready, MaLeah called Mel and Hunter down to eat. Mel smirked, “Did you clean the counters off?” MaLeah blushed deep red. It was cute. Mel put Hunter in her booster seat then sat down. MaLeah brought the food to the table and once she and I sat down, we ate. It was a nice dinner. The conversation was light. Melissa wanted to know what it was like to be part of a biker gang. I shrugged. It was normal to me. My dad had led it before me so I’d been immersed in it since the day I was born. And now I was the leader- I had been for 7 years. I also had a child, but I wasn’t so sure I wanted her to be a part of the club life. But he kept that last bit to himself. Yes there were perks of being in a club. The people around you became like family. But there were some nasty clubs like The Black Smoke who did some pretty shitty things. 

After dinner, Melissa offered to clean up while MaLeah put Hunter to bed. This time, she didn’t cry for me- because I was right there. MaLeah smiled as she turned off the light. She and I stood in the darkness watching Hunter sleep. I pulled her into my embrace, “She’s beautiful- just like you.” MaLeah smiled and we stepped out, “Are you staying for the night?” “I left all my stuff at my hotel.” Her face fell, “Oh.” “But I'll stay anyway.” “Really?!” “For you.” She smiled, “Flirt.” We went to the master bedroom. I stripped down to boxers then climbed into the bed. She went and changed into some silky pajamas and climbed in beside me. I pulled her up against me. At that moment I knew that this was what I wanted. I wanted to come home to her and our daughter everyday, not Kyle and the boys. I wanted to find her in bed beside me in the morning. And I’ll be damned if I couldn’t have that. I was Sabean Ryans after all- and I got what I wanted, when I wanted, how I wanted. 




Chapter 8

The next morning
Sabean
The next morning I woke up just how I wanted to- with MaLeah tucked into my side. I sighed contentedly, a smile gracing my face. This was new. I didn’t smile first thing in the morning. Then my smile turned into a frown as I remembered that I had a job to do today. As if sensing that the problems of the world couldn’t be blocked out, MaLeah stirred and turned to face me. She blinked her beautiful brown eyes at me, “Good morning.” I grinned, “Good morning, beautiful.” She closed her eyes and smiled, “A woman could get used to waking up next to a hunk like you and being called beautiful.” I chuckled. She opened her eyes and ran her fingers down my chest, inching lower and lower. I sighed and stopped her, “As much as I would like that, I have some shit to do today.” She pouted, “Unfortunately, me too.” I nodded, “What do you do for work?” “I’m a journalist.” My eyebrows hiked up, “Really?” “Is that so hard to believe? I found you, didn’t I?” He nodded, “True.” “What do you have to do today? If you have time, we could catch lunch.” “I have to pay a visit to a news company.” Now it was her turn for her eyebrows to hike up, “You? A news company? What for?” “They published an article on this other motorcycle club- The Black Smoke- exposing their drug dealing business. I need to make sure they have all the information possible. The Raiders have been doing our own research.” “When did the article come out?” “A couple days ago. Why?” “What company published it?” “Um…something like The LA Journal.” She sat up, “Was the article titled The Drug Problem in The Black Smoke?” I frowned, “Yeah. You keep up with that shit?” A smile spread across her face, “Not in the least. I wrote that article.” “You did?! But I never saw your name.” “I opted to be anonymous because you never know with motorcycle clubs. They might not have appreciated the article and I didn’t want them coming after me and Hunter.” That made sense. She was smart. I nodded, “Well, it looks like we’re going to the same place.” 

MaLeah
I took a shower first then went to make coffee. Mel knew that if I ran out to work early, she was on Hunter duty. It was a small price to pay for living under my room. Plus, she loved children, so taking care of her own niece was a no brainer. I made two cups of coffee and took them upstairs, sitting Sabean’s on the dresser. He stepped out of the bathroom in all his naked glory. My eyes latched onto a few errant drips of water running down his chest. He was sculpted like a Greek god. And he was all mine. That caused me to frown. What about Yvonne? I looked up at him, “Are you still seeing Yvonne?” That question obviously caught him off guard but he quickly recovered. “I was never really seeing her in the first place. We were more like friends with benefits. I haven’t slept with her since I met you.” I nodded, not wanting to push anymore. “I want to try this exclusive thing.” My eyes widened slightly but inside I was jumping for joy. I nodded, trying not to appear too eager. “I know I said I wouldn’t be that good of a father, but I’m willing to try. For Hunter.” That brought the sting of tears to my eyes. I blinked them back. He blew out a breath, “And I want you to move to Vegas.” My mouth opened and closed. “I know it’s really soon but I need you nearby and my job is in Vegas. I know you have a job here but I was hoping you could find one out there.” I smiled, “Let me think about it. Okay? That’s not a no, though.” He smiled and nodded. I was going to let him squirm a bit. I already knew that I’d make the move. I was impulsive like that. I knew it could be potentially dangerous to get so closely involved with Sabean, but we shared a child. How much closer could we get? Okay- marriage. But that wasn’t even on the table right now. Plus, I’d been wanting to quit my job and create my own blog. This was as good a time as any. And if things went south, I could always pick up and come back. I wasn’t afraid to try new things for fear of failing. I’d already made up my mind as soon as he asked, but I didn’t want to appear too eager so I told him to let me think. 

Two months later
I found myself back in Vegas, but this time to stay. Sabean had purchased a large house on the outskirts of the city a year ago but hadn’t done anything with it. Essentially, I had a blank canvas to work with. We’d both decided to leave Hunter with Mel for a few weeks tops while we got everything together. Unfortunately, she would just be in the way. She was an attention whore. I grinned at that thought and stuffed some more of her shirts into a drawer. The doorbell rang. I frowned. Who would be ringing the doorbell? Sabean told me that hardly anyone knew I was here. I was grateful for that. I wanted to settle into my new life before meeting his biker brothers. I went downstairs and looked through the peephole. You couldn’t be too careful. A woman with reddish-brown hair and brown eyes was on the other side. I opened the door, “Yes?” “MaLeah?” “Uh…yes?” “Hi. I’m Sophia- Kyle’s younger sister.” I relaxed. She was a biker chick. I smiled, “Hi. Come in.” She stepped in, “I hope I wasn’t interrupting.” “Just stocking baby clothes.” She grinned, “I can’t wait to meet Hunter.” My surprise must have shown because she laughed. “Ry will tell anyone who’s listening about his daughter. The man’s besotted.” I smiled. “Do you need some help?” she asked. “The more hands the faster it will go. Then we can grab lunch?” She nodded, “Sounds like a plan.” We chatted while putting away Hunter’s clothes. After we were done, we went out to get lunch. “Funny seeing you here,” someone said behind me. I turned around. There was Yvonne. “What do you want?” I asked. She sneered, “Don’t act so high and mighty bitch- you’re just Ry’s flavor for the week.” I scowled. I didn’t believe her for one second. Even if I was his flavor of the week, as she put it, I didn’t need to hear it from her. Sabean could tell me himself. Another reason I didn’t believe her was because she was being a jealous bitch right now. I could see it in the hatred glowing in her eyes. I lifted my chin. “Please. Did you know he asked her to move in?” Sophia asked. Hurt flashed through Yvonne’s eyes before the bitch was back, “So?” “He never even let you sleep in his bed at the hub house,” Sophia sneered. Yvonne was positively seething. I smirked. The only way to fight a bitch was to be smugger. Being meek wasn’t going to cut it. Gritting her teeth she bit out, “I promise you it won’t last.” I only chuckled as she stomped away. “Bitch,” Sophia muttered. I turned to her, “You didn’t have to do that.” She grinned, “I know. Now that she and Ry aren’t shagging, I can say what I’ve always wanted to. She’s always been a bitch.” I nodded, “Thanks.”

When I returned to Sabean and I’s place, he was there, and he looked livid. I rushed over, “Hey, What’s wrong?” I held out a newspaper. I took it. It was the LA Journal. On the headlines was: The Truth About MaLeah Anderson. “What the hell?” I muttered, beginning to read. Carlton Runner went on and on about how some of the information I sourced could be stretched or outdated in relation to The Black Smoke. My anger rose. How dare he paint me like I didn’t know what I was doing and lying to people! “Someone from The Black Smoke must have paid him good,” Sabean bit out. There was no way. I knew Runner was an asshole, but he was a sale out too? All the more reason to start my own blog. I knew that I couldn’t go after him- yet. People would just classify me as a vindictive woman. I would bide my time, but when I time is right, I’ll show him and everyone else that I was not to be taken lightly.            



Chapter 9

One month later 
Sophia 
“Do you think I need more eyeliner?” I asked MaLeah. MaLeah looked me over, “No, you’re good. Besides, you need to hurry up before Kyle finds out.” Kyle was my very protective older brother. If he found out what I was going to be doing, he’d flip. See, Kyle was part of the Twilight Raiders, so I was associated by blood. The Raiders, in connection with the LA Journal, almost took The Black Smoke down, but they got away relatively unscathed thanks to the LA Journal’s sell out boss Carlton Runner. That’s why MaLeah was helping me now get ready for my daring plan. I hated seeing Kyle, and the rest of the Raiders, so pissed off all the time that The Black Smoke got away, so I was going to help him, secretly. He didn’t like me getting too involved in club activities. But I wanted to help, so I devised a plan to sneak into the club where all the Black Smoke members hung out and get the dirt on them. That’s why MaLeah was helping me look seductive: a look I wasn’t used to. I never wore makeup or tight dresses that liked to ride up my ass. I preferred sweatpants and oversized tee-shirts. Anyways, here I was, sticking my nose where it didn’t belong.  	

I arrived at the club at 10 that night. I would’ve liked MaLeah to come with me but she had to be home or Sabean would’ve suspected something. Sabean and Kyle were best friends so he was also protective of me. Plus, she had a baby to take care of. I double-checked my makeup once more before going inside. The Black Smoke owned this club so I was a little nervous. But since I wasn’t the face of Twilight Raiders, or directly involved, no one should recognize me. Deciding to let the night play out naturally, I took a seat at the bar and ordered a drink. Unsuspecting woman- come get me and take me to your lair.  

Rider 
I had my night mapped out. I’d get my first lay at around 10:30 with that blonde chick over there that kept pushing her tits out at me. But all my plans went to hell when this chick came in. She had on a short, tight dress and had great assets, but that’s not why I couldn’t tear my eyes away. It was her face. I swore I’d seen it before too, but it was innocent looking. She had beautiful caramel-colored eyes and dark brown hair that had a reddish tint. It was too different to be fake. She came to the bar and ordered a drink. She looked oblivious to the looks she was garnering from the men around her. And that pleased me to no end. I wasn’t fond of inexperienced women but she drew me in. I had to have her tonight. 

As the leader of The Black Smoke motorcycle gang, I got whatever I wanted. This girl would be no exception. So, I walked over and took the seat next to her. The guys knew that should their boss make a move on someone, they looked elsewhere, or I’d make them. She looked up and gave me a once over. “Hey sweetheart, first time here?” She flinched away from me like a scared rabbit which had me instantly reeling it in. She nodded, “Yeah. You look like you come here often.” “I own the club.” Her eyes widened, “Did I do something wrong?” I chuckled, “Besides looking edible, no.” She blushed. Yeah, this girl was innocent and I wanted her- badly.  

Sophia 
So this was the leader of The Black Smoke: Rider James. No one told me he was hot! But that aside, he seemed to be buying my “innocent girl” act. Guys liked when the girl was innocent for some odd reason. I wasn’t about to question it now. “So are you here with anyone tonight?” he asked. I shook my head, “No.” He gave me a once over. I expected to feel dirty from his open perusal of my body but instead, I heated up in places that had no business heating up in a time like this. I had to clamp my legs together. He seemed to notice and smirked. Hmm, maybe this was working out to my advantage. He leaned in, “Do you need some help with that?” I blushed. It wasn’t hard to feel innocent under his intense gaze. “Finish your drink,” he said. Only then did I turn my attention back to my drink. It was 10% alcohol and 90% water. I had to keep my wits about me tonight. I drank it down and pretended it was a bit strong. He led me to the back of the club where there were stairs. Bingo. The Black Smoke ran a lot of their operations out of their club, so if I was going to find anything, it’d be here. He led me up the stairs and through an office: just where I needed to be later on. We ended up in a bedroom. At first, I had qualms about doing this but after seeing how attractive he was, I was down for a tumble in the sheets. My only concern was that he’d ruin me for all the other guys.  

Rider 
My cock was straining against my zipper now. I unzipped and freed it before it did so on its own. Her eyes widened as she took it in. I couldn’t help but smirk. I started us off slow with just some kissing. She was a good kisser. As the kissing got hotter, I added in some boob squeezing. She moaned into my mouth and rubbed herself against my cock. I groaned and unzipped her dress. She had to shimmy out of it. I was working on her bra clasp when a knock came on the door. I cursed under my breath; the only reason someone would have the audacity to disturb me is because of important business. I fixed my clothes then went to the door and stepped out. “What?” I snapped. “We saw a Twilight guy hanging around out front.” The Twilight Raiders: our main competition. They tried to take us down and it failed. “Who?” I asked. “That Kyle guy.” I brought up a picture of him in my head. The lightbulb went off. That’s who that girl looked like. Then it dawned on me: was she here to seduce me then fuck me over. Oh hell no. I nodded, “Thanks. Let him be unless he causes trouble.” “Got it.”  	I returned to the room. She was sitting on the bed with her fingers in herself. Any thoughts of kicking her flew out of the window. That was the single most hottest thing I’d ever seen. I’d deal with the consequences of fucking a Raider later. I stripped down to nothing then came over, replacing her fingers with mine. She moaned and writhed on the bed. Even if she was here to screw me up, which I had no doubt that she was, she was actually enjoying herself. There was no way she could fake this. I gave her two orgasms before plunging into her. Well damn, she ruined me for all other women. She fit me perfectly. We fucked like savages until midnight when we both collapsed from exhaustion. 	I pulled her into my arms like we’d been lovers and this was something we’d normally do. Despite knowing who she was, I didn’t want to let her go. What was wrong with me?  

Sophia 
Best sex of my life, hands down. And that wasn’t a good thing because it would be a one-time thing. So why was I wishing for more? We stayed wrapped up in each other’s arms for about an hour. His breathing had evened out and I knew he was asleep. I untangle myself from him, dressed, then snuck out. I retraced my steps back to the office. Thank goodness it was empty. I sat behind the desk and turned on the computer. They clearly thought they were so secure that there was no need for a passcode. I spent the next half-hour going through files and uploading some incriminating ones on the flash drive I’d bought with me. When I had enough, I turned the computer off, pocketed the information, then turned to leave. 

“Leaving so soon? I was for sure you’d take more,” Rider said from the doorway. He stepped out of the shadows with only boxers on. Despite myself, I swallowed as my mouth became dry. Then the reality of the situation came down on me. I was caught. “But...but you were…” “Sleep? Sweetheart, all your untangling woke me up.” “....How did you know?” “You looked familiar at first but I couldn’t place it. But then it came. Kyle. He’s your brother isn’t he?” I gulped. Shit, this was bad. “And he sent you here to get stuff on us so the Raiders could lock us away for the rest of our lives. You know, I could have you arrested for theft.” I shook my head, “Kyle doesn’t know about this or he’s never let me come.”  

Rider 
Was that true? Kyle could easily be one of those brothers who used their sisters to their advantage. But he could also very well be that brother was over-protective. Having a sister myself, I opted for the second one. I nodded, “Okay, say Kyle doesn’t know that. What about Ry?” She shook her head, “I came up with this on my own. I just wanted to help.” “So you let me fuck you so you could fuck me over?” She looked away. I walked over and she backed up. I extended my hand, “Flash drive.” She handed it over. I motioned for her to follow me. She did. Not like she had a choice. “I’ll make you an offer. You either take it or leave it. Mind you, if you leave it, you’ll be very sorry.” Yes, I was threatening her. That wasn’t beneath me. “What’s the offer?” she asked. “I’ll give you a couple of files to take back.” Her eyes widened, “What?! Why?!” I wasn’t going to tell her that I’d been clean for almost a year and was going to rehab secretly. No one in the gang knew that except my sister, but she wasn’t really part of the gang anyways. I wasn’t going to tell her that I wanted The Black Smoke to become a respectable motorcycle club, that I wanted to clear out the drug dealing faction. Because that would make me look weak. “That’s none of your concern. However, in exchange for letting you go with the info, you have to agree to see me at least once a week.” Her eyes widened again, “What?” I twirled a strand of her hair around my finger, “You ruined me for every other woman.” Her eyes dilated a bit. “So do we have a deal?” She stared into my eyes as if trying to read if I was joking or not. I wasn’t. Slowly she nodded, “Okay.” “And if you fail to meet me here by this time next week, I swear you will be very sorry.” I made sure to project the seriousness of it into my voice. I wanted her under me again. Or on me. It didn’t matter. I had to have her in my bed again. And if this was the only way to get it, so be it. “I will,” she said. “Good.” I pulled her down for a bruising kiss, slipping the flash drive back into her hand, then released her, “You can go now.” Like a frightened rabbit, she scurried out of there. I smiled.  

Sophia 
What just happened? He’s letting me go with the files in exchange for sex, basically. And surprise, surprise, I had no problem with that. But if any of the Raiders found out, I’d be toast. Good thing they weren’t going to find out. I left the club and went home. I had my own apartment. When I got home, I created a fake email and sent the files to Sabean as an anonymous tip-off. Then, I snuggled into bed and went to sleep dreaming of Rider. 




Chapter 10

The next morning
Rider 
I woke up happy. Yes, I technically just fucked my club over but hey, I got amazing sex out of it too. So I was happy. But if my gang members ever found out I allowed the Raiders to get that shipment information, they’d kill me. I showered and dressed then went down to the club. I normally didn’t sleep here (I had my own place) but last night was one of those nights when I did which is why I had a bed there. My right-hand man and best friend Derek was in the club, reclining in a chair and on his phone. He looked up when I came in, “Hey. You look happy.” “Do I?” I asked, already knowing the answer. I was happy, for the first time in a long time. He gave me a critical look then smirked, “You got laid, finally.” I froze. How did he know? I hadn’t told anybody my months of abstinence. It wasn’t something I was proud of but for a while, I couldn’t get myself up for anybody. I’d pick out attractive girls but when the time came, I just got them off. Last night had been different though, and Derek knew. “You think I don’t know?” he asked. Damn him; he knew too much. “I did,” I conceded. “So who was the lucky girl? She still here?” I shook my head, “Left last night.” Derek nodded, “I see. So, did Craig tell you that piece of shit Kyle was hanging around last night?” I nodded, “He did.” Derek shook his head, “He’s looking for trouble.” I shrugged. He raised an eyebrow then sat his phone down: the first warning sign that I wouldn’t like what he was about to say. I braced myself. “What aren’t you telling me?” Well, shit. “What do you mean?” “Don’t play coy with me, James. You’re hiding something. Every other time I mentioned Kyle you’d get pissed.” Double shit. I looked around, “Is anyone else here?” Derek shook his head, “No. So spit it out.” I clenched my fists, “If you tell someone else, I. Will. Kill. You.” Derek’s eyebrows shot up, “First off, this must be serious. And secondly, when have I ever?” I sighed, “The girl from last night was his sister.” Derek’s jaw hit the floor. “Stop gaping. You look retarded.” “You fucked a Raider?” “I did.” “And you knew before you did it?” “I did; kinda. I found out mid-act.” “...If anybody finds out...wait, is that why he was hanging around? Did he send her in here? The asshole!” I shook my head, “He had no idea she was here.” “And how do you know that?” “She told me.” “And you believe her?” “...Yeah.” “Do you feel okay? You confessed to sleeping with a Raider and believing her.” I groaned, “Yeah, yeah. It’s just that….ugh, I don’t know. If I hear a peep out of you about this, I will-” “Yeah yeah, kill me. I got that.” I turned away from Derek because I couldn’t let him see how much that girl was actually affecting me. Shoot, I didn’t even know her name!  

Sophia 
The following morning, MaLeah came over. As soon as she stepped into the house, she asked, “Guess what?” “What?” I replied with a yawn. Why was she here so early? I headed to the kitchen to get coffee, expecting her to follow. She did. “Sabean got an anonymous tip about the Black Smoke shipments!” She was the only person who called him that and not Ry. She also knew it was me who tipped him off. She looked really excited though. Strangely, I couldn’t muster the energy to be happy with her. Not after last night. Not after the best sex of my life. Not after Rider let me go. Well, he did say I had to come back to sex but who was gonna be mad at that? Maleah seemed to notice and frowned, “What’s wrong Soph? Isn’t this what you went there for?” “Yeah…” I said, avoiding her eyes. She put her hands on her hips, “Spill. Why aren’t you happy?” “...I don’t know! He ruined me for all other men, MaLeah!” She smirked, “Is was that good?” I nodded. “We’ll just have to get out more to find you a man that compares.” I wasn’t going to tell her that there was no man out there like him. Despite being my technical enemy, I wanted to spend more time with him. And that scared me. 

That night, I went back to that club, but I wanted to spend more time with him, no matter if it was just a few minutes. I suspected that the attraction that I felt toward him was more than just sexual, and that also scared me. But Kyle and our parents taught me one thing: don’t be afraid. So I was going to explore this because I wanted to. When I walked in, everything was just like last night. I was partly afraid that Rider would’ve told everyone and I’d be a target. But nope. Nobody paid me any mind. Except for Rider. Either I was seeing things or his eyes lit up when he saw me. 

Rider 
My heart skipped a beat when I laid eyes on her. When I told her to come back by next week, I hadn’t thought she’d be back the very next night. That only meant one thing: she wanted this as much as I did. I met her halfway, not caring if anybody saw me. It’s not like they’d tell anybody- all the ones with connections that could be damming were loyal to me. I kissed her and surprisingly, she kissed me back. “Hey, I didn’t expect you tonight,” I whispered in her ear. She blushed, “I didn’t have anything better to do.” I rolled my eyes, “Sure. Come on.” I led her to the bar where Derek materialized. He ran an eye over her. That’s when I noticed she didn’t have on a skin-tight dress. She had on black leggings, boots, and a hoodie. I smirked; yeah, this seemed more like her style. That dress last night was hot but she seemed uncomfortable in it. “So you’re Kyle’s sister?” Derek said in a low voice. Her eyes widened and she looked at me. “It’s fine. He’s going to keep his mouth shut,” I said, glaring at him. Derek grinned, “Of course. Nice to meet you….?” “Sophia.” Sophia. I liked it. A lot. It suited her. “Sophia. I’m Derek and this is Rider.” She laughed, “Nice to meet you too, Derek. And yes, I know. I did have sex with him so of course I know his name.” She rolled her eyes when she said “of course”. Derek looked at me and conveyed a message through his eyes: I like her. He approved of her, and that made me relax. I didn’t know I wanted his approval until after he gave it to me. That’s the moment I realized that whatever this was between Sophia and I, it wasn’t just sex. I turned back to Sophia and she was looking between me and Derek. “Was that some kind of telepathy?” she asked. I chuckled, “Something like that.” “Ry and Kyle do it a lot too.” Derek raised an eyebrow. “Oh sorry.” I elbowed Derek, “Don’t worry. I would keep your talk about the Raiders here to a minimum though.” She nodded. Derek turned and motioned toward a group of girls that just came in, “Well, I’ll catch you two later.”  I nodded and he walked off. Turning my attention to the bartender, I ordered a whiskey. “Would you like anything?” I asked Sophia. She shook her head, “No thanks.” The bartender brought me my whiskey which I threw back in one gulp. At this point, I was used to the burn. “Hardcore drinker,” she muttered under her breath. I chuckled, “Something like that.”  

Sophia 
I leaned closer to Rider, “Can we go somewhere else?” He grinned, “Eager much?” I shook my head, “Everyone’s watching us.” He looked up and scowled, “Nosy fucks. Come on.” He led me up the back stairs but this time onto the roof. The cool night air was a wonderful contrast to the hot club. “Stay here; I’m going to grab a blanket,” he said. He left then returned with the blanket that had been on the bed last night. He spread it out and stretched out, opening his arms to me. I lay beside him and he wrapped me in a hug. I liked this. Just doing nothing. He seemed to read my thoughts, “I like this.” “Me too,” I murmured. “Sophia…” “Soph.” “Huh?” “Everyone calls me Soph.” “Soph…..this….whatever ‘this’ is….I…” He paused as if to gather his thoughts. It was adorable to see this man struggling with what to say. I already knew that wasn’t something he was used to. Before he could finish that thought, however, my phone rang. 

Kyle appeared on the caller id. I sat up, “Hello?” “Where are you?” My heart sank. I’d been found out in two days. I gulped and looked at Rider. He seemed to notice my distress and sat up, mouthing, “What’s wrong?” I looked away, “Out,” I replied. “No shit Soph. I’m at your place and you’re not answering.” “Why are you at my apartment?” “Ry and Maleah wanted some ‘adult’ time so I volunteered to watch Hunter. I know she likes you so I was dropping her off with you.” “But you volunteered, not me.” “I know but that’s beside the point. Where the hell are you?” “...A club?” “A club?! Soph, we’re in a club war right now. You can’t just go prancing around a club by yourself!” “Kyle, I hardly ever participate in Raider activities. No one will notice me.” “You know as well as I do that The Black Smoke know everything about the Raiders’ members. I don’t know the fuck how but they do.” “They won’t hurt me.” “How do you know that?” “I just do.” “....What club are you at?” “....Kyle….I’m 22. I can take care of myself.” “Where. The. Fuck. Are. You?” Soph knew that tone of voice. It was when he was this close to blowing a gasket. She looked to Rider for help, but he wasn’t beside her. No, he was looking over the edge of the roof and he looked pissed. She went over and looked over. Kyle was below them, glaring up at Rider with the phone to his ear. When he saw her, he slowly lowered the phone. She gulped. 




Chapter 11 

Rider 
Shit was about to go down. Kyle looked like he was ready to murder me, which, to be fair, if I found my sister with Ry, I’d be ready to kill someone too. But, that wasn’t taking into account that my sister was 12 and Ry was in a relationship. In a very pissed-off voice, Kyle said, “What the fuck, Soph?!” “I...I can explain,” she said. “Like hell you can! Why the fuck are you with him?” He spit “him” out like it was trash. That kind of offended me but now was not the time for that. “We were uh….” “Relaxing,” I supplied. “Nobody asked you, asshole,” Kyle snapped. “Kyle!” Soph said. To see her standing up for me made my heart swell. That was the moment I knew I was in love with her. Yeah, I met her last night but from what I knew, love didn’t have a time frame. There was no, “be friends for 3 years then fall in love” type of shit rules. I was in love right now. That caused a smile to form on my lips. Kyle noticed and thought I was being cocky because Soph stood up to him. He glared at me, “What are you smirking about?” Deciding to go broke or go home, I said, “I just realized that...” I looked at Soph, “...I’m in love with your sister.” Her eyes widened. Kyle’s jaw hit the pavement. Silence descended. 

Sophia 
I looked at Rider; he couldn’t be serious! We’d only met last night. But there was no explaining away the way he was looking at me. Below, Kyle sputtered. I was sure he was well prepared to hurl insults at Rider and have insults hurled at him, but he was in no way prepared for that. What do you say to the leader of the rival club telling you he loved your younger sister? The silence was broken by Derek, who stepped out of the club, “What’s going on? I heard yelling then nothing.” He followed Kyle’s eyes up to Rider and I. “Oh….” he drew out. Kyle shook his head, “When Ry finds out…he’s going to kill me.” “Please don’t tell him,” I pleaded. Ry had a personal grudge against The Black Smoke club. Rider’s dad overdosed Ry’s, and he died. Rider’s dad died shortly after in a motorcycle accident. “You think I would? Are you nuts?! Do you know what he would say if I said, ‘oh hey, my sis is dating BS’ leader’? He’d...I don’t know what he’d do and I don’t want to find out either.” “So you’re okay with me dating your sister?” Rider asked. “Hell no, but as she said, she’d 22 and can take care of herself.” I smiled. Kyle never relented unless he agreed; it was his form of conceding without seeming “weak”. Rider smiled and turned to me, “So….what do you say?” I faked like I didn’t know what he was talking about, “About what?” He rolled his eyes, “Us. Me. You. Together. Officially.” I smiled, “I’d like that.” Despite Kyle and Derek below, he pulled me back from the edge and kissed me. It was a long, hot, passionate kiss that had me tingling and wanting much more. From the desire shining back in his eyes, I knew he wanted the same thing. He quickly glanced over the edge, “Gotta go.” Then he took me back to the bedroom from last night and we made love. It wasn’t sex, or fucking, it was love. Because I identified the emotion in me from this morning; the emotion that drew me back to this club tonight. It was love.




Chapter 12

Kyle 
Ry was going to be hella pissed. I know I told Sophia that I wouldn’t tell him but I had to. If he found out through any other source but me, he’d doubt my loyalty, and that couldn’t happen. I was loyal to him to the fault. I glanced at the man standing at the door. I felt myself react to him. I turned away; no one could know my secret. I had to keep pretending to be like everyone else. Because not being a womanizer was an unspoken crime in the club. That’s why I agreed so readily to Sophia and Rider. I wanted her to be happy and if that was with him, I’d accept it. People deserved to be happy. That doesn’t mean I had to like the guy. He’d done some shitty things, but from the way he looked at my sister when he said he was in love with her, I knew he wasn’t lying. I knew she was safe with him. So I left.  

Derek 
I returned to the club totally confused, about two things. One was the way Kyle seemed to react to Rider and his sister. It was almost like he accepted it. Or maybe he just didn’t care. The second one was my issue. I’d seen Kyle before but had always been blinded by the hatred I felt for him. It wasn’t like he’d done anything to me personally, it was just a club thing. If he was a Raider, he was my enemy. But tonight, I didn’t see him as an enemy. I saw him as a man. (Probably because he wasn’t cursing Rider blue.) He was a very attractive man. And that’s what confused me. I was straight. Right? I mean, I found women sexually attractive and loved having sex with them. So why did I get so hard as my eyes trailed down his tattooed arms or the way his tee was stretched over a hard plane of abs?  

Kyle 
I arrived at Ry and his family’s house. I’d left Hunter with my mother because I couldn’t watch her and her parents wanted time to have sex. And I was about to disturb them. Ding dong.  Forever later Ry opened the door. He looked annoyed. “Kyle? What do you want?” he asked, “And where’s Hunter? Is she okay?” “She’s with my mom. Yes, she’s fine.” “Okay, then why are you here?” “Can I come in? It’s kind of important.” “Kind of?” “Very.” He let me in. I found Maleah curled up on the couch with a movie on Netflix paused. “Kyle?” she said with a raised eyebrow. “Hey. Sorry to bother you two but it’s quite important.” “Have a seat,” she said. “Nope. Stand so you’ll leave faster.” Ry said. That was Ry for you. “So um…” Ry raised an eyebrow, “Spit it out, Kyle.” “My sister has a new boyfriend.” Ry looked at me like I lost my mind. Understanding dawned in Maleah’s eyes. I knew she and Sophia were friends so she probably already knew. Maleah cleared her throat, “Sabean, come here.” He looked at her weirdly before he sat beside her. She wrapped her arms around him then looked at me. It was clear she was trying to prepare for his outburst. “Please tell me you did not come here to tell me Sophia has a boyfriend or I will kill you. She’s 22: of course she’s going to date. What does that have to do with me?” he snapped. “It’s Rider,” I said. I spit it out. I ripped it off like a bandaid. Ry slowly stood up; Maleah grabbed his hand, “Sabean….” “Repeat that,” he said. “Sophia is dating Rider.” “As in Rider James- the leader of The Black Smoke?” I nodded, suddenly afraid for my life. I could see the anger simmering in him. Ry sat back down, clearly not knowing what to do with himself and this new information. He finally looked at me and said, “Get. Out.” I nodded and left. I didn’t want to be the object of his fury. I’d let Maleah do her thing and calm him the fuck down. 

I went back to my apartment and decided to turn in for the night. I had enough drama for one day. I pushed Rider and Sophia’s case out of my head as I laid down. But I couldn’t stop thinking about that man from the club. I think he was Rider’s right-hand man or something, just with the way he related to him. Damn it. If I didn’t get laid soon, I’d be perpetually hard. 

Derek 
Around midnight, I gave up on trying to sleep. Kyle had invaded every part of my thoughts. I went over to the club and into Rider’s office. I found the folder on the Twilight Raiders and opened it. Once I found the information I needed, I headed out. I arrived at Kyle’s apartment around 1 in the morning. Yes, I was about to do this because I was Derek fucking Holmes, and I did whatever the hell I wanted. I knocked then rang the doorbell. About 2 minutes later he opened the door, looking all sleep mused and hot. His eyes widened when he recognized me then he frowned, “What do you want?” “Can I come in?” He thought over it for a second then let me in. “Okay, so what do you want? It’s one in the morning.” Then his eyes widened again, this time with fright, “Soph’s okay right?!” I nodded, “Yes. She’s fine.” He sighed with relief, “Okay, then why are you here?” I looked anywhere but his eyes, “I...I know I’m straight but see….” I didn’t know how to get out into words that I was attracted to him and wanted to have sex with him and get him out of my system. 

Kyle 
Either my brain wasn’t functioning or this guy was trying to say he was attracted to me. Was I dreaming? Did I want him that bad that I dreamt about it? Yes, yes I did. So I was dreaming. Because there was no way this was real. “You came to my house at 1am to have sex?” I asked since this was a dream. It had to be because he didn’t know where I lived. His head jerked up and he looked relieved, then he nodded. I shrugged, “Okay. Come on.” “Wait, really?” he asked. “Well yes. You’re a very attractive man and I’m gay so….” “You’re gay?” I nodded, “Yes. So come on.” “So if I have sex with you does that make me gay? But I like women.” “You’re probably bisexual then, dumbass.” He stood there scowling at nothing in particular for a moment. I sighed, “Can we just go do it now?” He nodded and followed me to my room. Because he was unsure about his sexuality, I decided to take the lead. I stripped out of my pants, the only thing I had on. His eyes dilated when he saw my very erect cock. If this was a dream, I was going to make it as naughty as possible so I could jerk off to it later. I walked over and took his mouth in a bruising kiss. He responded eagerly. Our tongues tangled together. Saliva dripped down his chin. I licked it up then pulled his shirt over his head. His breathing turned erratic as I flicked his nipple with my tongue. I could see his cock trying to break free of its confines. I unfastened his belt and pushed his pants and boxers down in one swoop. His cock stood to attention. I took him over to the bed and sat him down. He was in a lust daze. Kneeling between his legs, I took his length into my mouth. It twitched. He groaned. That was the most erotic sound I’ve ever heard. 

Derek 
This was heaven. I was glad I decided to come over here. I fisted his hair and shoved him down onto my cock. I held him there until he gagged then released him. His spit was running down it from the tip over my balls. I used my hips to thrust into his mouth. He made these noises that only hardened me more. I looked down to find a drop of pre-cum glistening on his cock. My mouth watered. I wanted to taste him. I pulled him up and tossed him onto the bed then climbed between his legs. I wasted no time licking his slit. He groaned. He tasted so good. I tried to take him completely into my mouth. He was huge. He let me have free reign for a while until he pulled me up and rasped, “Stop or I’m going to cum in your mouth.” I kissed him, “Do you want me to fuck you? Or the other way around?” Honestly, I didn’t care either way although his little hole was calling to me. “Fuck me,” he groaned. I crawled up him and stuck my cock into his mouth to lubricate it. “Are you clean?” he asked. “Yeah. You?” He nodded. I flipped him over onto his hands and knees and probed his hole with a finger. He shuddered. I found I liked the control. I rubbed my cock between his two cheeks before sliding into him. It was hella tight but we both groaned in unison. 

Kyle 
He pounded into me relentlessly and I loved every bit of it. I stroked my cock to his pattern and soon found my balls draw up. I grunted, “I’m about to...cum.” He flipped me onto my back and took my cock in his hand. With one stroke, I was cumming. I came hard, cum squirting onto both him and I. He rammed into me one last time before emptying himself into my ass. He slowly pulled out and probed two fingers into my ass. Pulling them out, he pushed them into my mouth. I licked his cum off of them. He tasted good. He bent down and licked my cum off of my stomach then kissed me. “Did you like that?” I asked. He nodded, “Yeah.” The last thing I remembered before drifting off was him curling up beside me.  	The next morning, when I woke up, he wasn’t there. Had that all been a dream? I looked down at myself. No cum. I had on pants. I groaned; I’d dreamt up the best sex of my life with the hottest man I’d ever had the pleasure of sleeping with. 




Chapter 13

Rider 
I stayed in bed with Sophia for as long as I could, but duties at the club called me away. As soon as I walked in, I knew something was wrong. Derek was sitting in the chair he normally was at in the morning but he seemed off. I sat across from him, “Okay, what happened last night?” He flinched: the first tell-tell sign that something did happen and I wasn’t just imagining it. He shook his head, “Nothing. Just picked up some chicks and went back to my place.” I would’ve believed him, because he always did that, if it weren’t for the fact that he wouldn’t meet my eyes. He was lying. I leaned back, “Bullshit Derek and we both know it.” He looked down at his interlaced fingers: the second tell-tell sign. He was always on his phone. “I don’t wanna talk about it,” he finally said. From the quick glance in his eyes, I could tell he was serious. He looked troubled and guilty. I immediately became worried. But he was a grown man. If he needed help, he could ask for it. But that still didn’t stop me from asking one last time, “You sure you don’t wanna talk about it? Talking helps. Like with Sophia.” Reminding him of the trust I’d put in him might coax him into opening up to me. He glared at me, like he knew I was almost guilt-tripping him into spilling. “I slept with a guy,” he said. His voice was so low I could barely hear. But I heard him all right. He slept with a guy. I blinked stupidly for a long time. Derek was always talking about women this and women that. Had it all been a lie? “Are you gay?” I asked. He’d still be my best friend and right-hand man if he was. I wasn’t anti-LGBTQ+ or anything, I’d just never thought anyone in the club was anything other than heterosexual. He shook his head, “He said maybe I was bisexual.” “Who?” “K- the guy I slept with.” I could’ve sworn he said “K” before checking himself. I nodded, “Are you?” He shrugged as Craig walked in. Derek gave me the “you better not mention this to a soul” look. I gave a slight nod. For him to open up to me about him questioning his sexuality was big. And being in a motorcycle club that oozed masculinity didn’t help one bit. Craig looked between us, “What’s going on? You seem to be having a deep discussion.” “I’m dating a Raider,” I said. I knew that Craig was smart. If I gave him some bullshit excuse, he wouldn’t buy it. But the leader of The Black Smoke dating a Twilight Raider was BIG news. Plus, my secret was less damming than Derek’s.  

Sophia 
As soon as I walked into the hangout for the club, I knew they knew. Every pair of eyes turned to me. I wanted to run and hide and cry. Kyle promised not to tell anyone. He’d lied! Maleah walked over and gave me a hug, “I support you.” Her support meant everything to me. However, Ry didn’t look so pleased. Kyle couldn’t meet my eyes. I glared at him anyways. “So...you’re dating Rider,” Ry said, drawing it out. I glared at him, “You already know the answer.” He nodded, “I do. The question is, why?” “What do you mean why?” I asked. “Why are you dating him?” “Why are you dating Maleah?” He frowned, “Because I love her and want to spend my life with her.” I crossed my arms and waited for him to make the connection. I didn’t know about the “spending the rest of my life with” him part, but I did love Rider. When he did make the connection, he scoffed, “Please. You can’t love him.” “Why not?” I countered. “Because he’s a Smoker!” “Okay and….?” “They’re part of the rival club Soph! Why else?!” He was practically yelling. I felt tears prick my eyes and I made no effort to stop them. I wanted him to see how he was hurting me. I took a step back and shook my head, “Fuck you.” I turned and walked out. The relationship I had with Ry was much closer than all the other members, so while they would take that FU personally, I knew he wouldn’t. I went to the only place I could think of. The club was technically closed but the doors were unlocked. I walked in. A bunch of guys were gathered around a table talking. The only two I knew were Rider and Derek. Derek noticed me first and nudged Rider. 

Rider 
I took one look at Soph and became very pissed. She’d been clearly crying. I was going to make whoever did this pay. I walked over and pulled her into my arms. The other guys watched for about 0.9 seconds before I glared at them. They went back to work. I cupped her face and made her look up, “Who did this?” She shook her head, “Ry’s mad at me.” “About us.” It was a statement. She nodded. I sighed, “I’m sorry.” “I told him to fuck off.” I smiled, “Really now?” She grinned like she was proud of herself, “Yeah.” I kissed her lips, “I’m proud of you.” She looked over to the table, “I know you’re busy. You can finish and I’ll leave.” “Do you have plans?” She shook her head. “Then stay. We’re almost done then I’ll take you out.” She nodded, “Okay.” She took a seat in a comfortable chair and I went back to the table. 

We finished up about 30 minutes later. Our finances were in order now. I turned to find Soph asleep. I smiled. “This the Raider girl?” Craig asked. I nodded, “Sophia.” He grunted and walked off. I knew he wasn’t too happy with my choice of girlfriend but he wasn’t the boss so he’d have to live with it. I scooped her body up and carried her up to the bedroom. She made a cute noise when I laid her down. I smiled, kissed her forehead, then let her sleep in peace. 

I spent the next couple of hours that Sophia was sleeping getting some work done. As she slept, I considered taking her on a spontaneous trip. I figured she’d enjoy being away from the Twilight Raiders anyways. We’d drive all the way to California, buying the things we needed on the way and when we got there. Yeah, a spontaneous trip was just what I needed to clear my head too. There was too much on my mind: the drugs, my girlfriend’s club hating her, and Derek’s sexuality. I called Derek to let him know. “Hello?” “I’m taking Soph on a trip to California.” “What?” “I said-” “I heard you. Why?” I shrugged before realizing he couldn’t see the gesture. “I need some time to clear my head. Too much is going on.” “Okay.” “You think you can keep the place from burning down in my absence?” It was a joke. I knew he could. He’d done it before. He snorted, “Of course. Have fun.” I rolled my eyes, “Will do dad.” He laughed and I hung up. I turned to Sophia. She was looking at me through her sleepy eyes. I smiled. Who knew I’d fall hard and fast? For a Raider no less. I wasn’t one of those club dudes who thought their life was such tough shit that there wasn’t room for a woman. Or that they were too fucked up to love. My father had taught me better. While my mother was alive, he treated her like the queen she was, and instilled in me the idea that one day I’d find someone to love like that. I think I found her. I kissed her nose, “Wanna go to California with me?” “What?” “Me and you. Drive. To California.” “On your bike?” “Yup.” She nodded, “Okay. I could use a break from everything. I want to see the beach.” I loved her a little more for being spontaneous with me. 




Chapter 14

A week later
Derek
I pressed the heels of my palms into my eyes to keep from tearing my hair out. Rider decided to go on a spontaneous trip at the worst possible time. Ry was pissed beyond belief and all his insults were hurled my way since I was in charge and Rider wasn’t around. On top of that, I couldn’t get that amazing night with Kyle out of my head. He hadn’t tried to contact me since, which I kept telling myself was for the best, but I kind of resented him for the fact that he could do the wham-bam-thank-you-ma’am…no, wait, it would be something-ister-thank-you-mister. You see, I was usually witty but my brain wasn’t working today. And I could do the fuck-and-go too. I did it all the time with women. But with Kyle, it felt different. Special, even. Maybe it was just because I’d never fucked a man before. Maybe Kyle did it all the time. He was gay. And I was…I wasn’t sure. I sighed and leaned back into my chair. Not being able to take another second of this, I jumped up, grabbed my cut, and headed through the club, outside. What I needed was a nice long ride to someplace remote and far away, but I couldn’t do that- not when the club was depending on me. And while I trusted Tony, he wasn’t very business minded. He preferred to talk with his fists. Instead, I hopped on my bike and opted for a short ride around Vegas. I rolled around for a good two hours and ended up in front of a club called Studs. That was my first warning that something was seriously off about this place (like, for real, who the fuck named a club Studs?), but I was dying for a cold beer so I went inside. The music was pumping nicely and the atmosphere reeked of testerone. I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw a bunch of men on the dance floor, grinding against one another. This was a gay club. I swallowed and was able to turn around and walk out, because I wasn’t gay, when I saw Kyle on the dance floor, his ass rubbing against another man’s crotch. I was pissed now. How could he let my dick be in his ass one day and days later do this?! I did know that that’s what I’d essentially done to women, but this was different. I headed to the bar and tossed back three shots. Once I had a nice buzz going, I weaved my way through the dance floor to where Kyle was. His eyes were closed and he was feeling the music, so he didn’t notice me. I smirked. He was so different here than when he was Ry’s right hand man for the Raiders. He looked so…free. And happy. I straightened my spine and gave the guy behind him a good ole fashioned, ‘move the fuck on’ look. He easily complied, probably since I was wearing my cuts, and moved away. I replaced him and Kyle didn’t even seem to notice. Or he didn’t care who he was dancing with. I slipped my hands beneath his shirt and grazed my teeth over the column of his throat. Kyle pushed his ass into me, making my cock swell. He must have felt it because he rubbed up and down, causing me to groan. “You’re gonna make me come in my pants,” I whispered harshly. He froze. 

Kyle
There was no way. That sounded a lot like Derek. I slowly turned around until I was face to face with him. It was Derek. He grinned slowly, “Hey.” “What are you doing here?” I blurted. He shrugged, “I somehow ended up here and saw you.” I frowned and my eyes drifted to the bulge in his pants. I swallowed, my own cock swelling, and met his eyes again. He smirked, “I know you want me again.” Again? My eyes widened. That wonderful sex hadn’t been a dream. I glanced around, looking for a spot where we could do this because I was hard and ready now. “Hotel across the street,” Derek said. I nodded, grabbed his hand, and let him from the club. “Eager much?” he said, chuckling. I only glared at him- too pent up to talk. We barely made it into the hotel room before we were tearing each other’s clothes off and he was slamming into me. I groaned and fell into the abyss called pleasure. 

The next morning
Derek
My hand grazed something hard. My eyes shot open, “What the heck?” Then I saw Kyle’s chest and I sighed. He rolled over to face me, “You okay?” I nodded, then realized it was morning, and I was in bed with a man. I shot up. “What’s wrong?” he asked. I scrubbed a hand down my face. Sleeping with men was still new to me. He seemed to sense that and sat up, “I’ll go.” Whatever had my hand shooting out to stop him- I’ll never know. “Don’t go.” He looked uncertain, “But…” “Please.” I never said please. What the fuck was happening to me. Kyle sighed and plopped back down, “If this is uncomfortable for you…” He trailed off. I shrugged, “It’s not uncomfortable. It feels…right.” I looked at him for some kind of confirmation that he was feeling whatever this was between us. He smiled slightly, “Not to scare you off, but yeah- it does. Nothing has ever felt more right.” I sighed and flopped down on my pillow, “Too bad you weren’t a woman.” He snorted, “I’d be pretty hot with boobs, wouldn’t I?” I laughed, relaxing a little. “I know being with another man can seem odd,” he said quietly. Sounding like he was going to continue, I waited. He ran his fingers through his hair, “I knew I was gay my entire life. When I told my parents when I was 16, they weren’t thrilled. They basically kicked me out of the house because being gay was a ‘sin’. I lived on the streets, and soon after met Ry. We became fast friends and he took me in.” I swallowed the lump in my throat, “It’s your parents’ loss.” He smiled at me. I don’t know what prompted me to say that. Maybe it was the somber, time-to-reveal-our-deepest-secrets mood in the room. I reached over, cupped his neck, and brought him closer. I kissed him. “I want to explore what this is.” “Why?” he asked. I shrugged, “The sex is hot.” He laughed, shaking his head, before looking at me, “I’d like that too.” “But can we…you know…” “Keep it under wraps?” I nodded. “I think that’ll be for the best.” I relaxed, knowing he was on the same page as me. “So, about that hot sex,” he said with a mischevious grin.          




Chapter 15

Later that afternoon
Taylor
I got on my bike and sped off. I wasn’t going to let my father dictate my life to me anymore ever again. I decided to spend the night in Vegas. He wouldn’t be able to find me here. Vegas was run by Twilight Raiders and The Black Smoke. There wasn’t room for a third motorcycle club- the one my father ran on the outskirts of Vegas: the Wolf Pack. I normally did what my father wanted me to do: all the dirty work, but this was too much. He was trying to gain a foothold in Vegas, and the only way to do that was through violence since the two other clubs could be violent as well. But when he told me I should kidnap Ry’s daughter, I drew the line. I wasn’t about to kidnap someone’s toddler: that was immoral. The worst part about it was that I knew it would happen anyway. So that’s why I stopped in Vegas instead of heading through and continuing on. I had to warn Ry. My father was quite stupid sometimes. If he kidnapped Ry’s baby girl, Ry would kill him. The tough club president made it no secret that he had a soft spot for the little one. I would too if she was my own. 

So here I was, at the club he often hung out at. I shrugged on my leather jacket with the Wolf Pack symbol on the back and strode in. I was making a statement: no, I didn’t belong to this club but I’m still here and not afraid to let you know it. All heads swiveled in my direction. “You lost?” a man asked me. It was Ry’s right-hand man. I forgot his name but he was quite well known. “Looking for Ry,” I said. He looked me over, “You are?” “Taylor Brown.” “....He’s in the back over there.” I went over to the pool table area. There he was at the table. Beside him was a very beautiful woman holding a little girl. It was clearly his girlfriend and daughter. She reminded me that there was a woman who had my child. 

My gut clenched. My ex-girlfriend had my son then put him up for adoption, without my knowledge that he even existed. I’d gotten him back but it hadn’t been easy. They wanted so much proof that he was mine. I had to pay my ex to get her to fess up. My son was at home now with his nanny in California. I didn’t want him around the club. When he got old enough, he could decide if that was the kind of life he wanted. If not, I’d be okay with that. 

All eyes turned to me. I carefully hid the nervousness flitting through my stomach. Ry immediately looked over my patches, “What?” he snapped. He wasn’t in a good mood. Had he been losing the game? His girlfriend smacked his arm and glared at him then looked at me, “Don’t mind him. He’s pissed because Kyle’s sister is dating Rider.” She motioned to Ry’s right-hand man when she said Kyle. Rider as in the leader of the Black Smoke? Well shit, if that was the case, kidnapping that little girl was even worse. If the Twilight Raiders and Black Smoke were in alliance, it’d be bad for any club to target either one. All the more reason for me to be here. I nodded then turned back to Ry who still looked royally pissed, “I need to talk to you, in private.” He motioned for me to follow, which I did. We stepped outside. “What do you want Taylor?” he said. He knew who I was? As if reading my mind, he said, “Yes, I know who you are. You don’t reach the height of power I’m in and not know main players in the surrounding clubs.” “So the Rider she mentioned was Rider James?” He nodded, “But that’s not why you’re here.” “Right. My dad is planning on messing with your club.” He scoffed, “I’d like to see him try.” “He wants to kidnap your daughter.” His eyes flashed violently. Yup, he had a soft spot for her. “And you know this how?” I gave a look that said ‘I’m his son, duh’. He shook his head, “The fucker would do anything to get my attention.” I shrugged, “Anyway, that’s all. I’ll be on my way.” “...You can stay to have a drink or something.” I shook my head, “I’m heading to California to see my kid.” He raised an eyebrow, “I didn’t know you had a kid.” I smiled, “Son. Name’s Casey. He’s cute as hell. Best thing that’s ever happened to me.” Ry stared at me for a moment, a new look of respect in his eyes, then nodded, “Good luck then.” I chuckled, “Likewise.” We parted ways and I headed on to a hotel for the night. 

The next morning, I started on my drive to California. I got to my place just as the sun began to set the following day. The nanny’s car was parked in the driveway. I parked then went inside. “Hello?” I called. She poked her head in from the kitchen, “Taylor. I didn’t know you were coming or I would’ve made something more than grilled cheese with tomato sandwiches.” I smiled, “I like sandwiches, Mel.” “Good.” I went into the living room where Casey was watching Bob the Builder. “Hey buddy.” He looked up, “Dad!” I gave him a hug then plopped down beside him, “What are we watching today?” He shrugged, “Ms.Mel put on Bob the Builder but I told her I was too young for this. It’s for babies.” I barely kept myself from laughing. He was four. He tried to act like he was an adult and it was entertaining. Deciding to play along, I called for Melissa, “Mel!” She came in, “Yes?” “You put on this show for babies?” She noticed the teasing tone in my voice because she grinned, “Apologizes. I can change to a show for real men.” “Yeah!” Casey said. I laughed; Mel always played along with Casey and I’s antics. That’s what I loved about her. She was easy-going. I didn’t know a lot about her. All I knew was that she had an older sister who moved out to Las Vegas to be with her boyfriend because they had a kid together. As for Melissa herself, she was very goofy but responsible. I could see myself spending the rest of my life with her. Woah. I needed to rein it in. She’d made it very clear that nothing would, or could happen between us, and I didn’t know why other than that fact that she worked for me. 

Melissa 
When Taylor looked at me that way, I wanted to jump into his arms. But I couldn’t. Not when my sister, MaLeah, was dating Sabean, the leader of the Twilight Raiders. A while ago, I’d said I wanted a bad boy, club president just like she did. She laughed and said that I couldn't have one because all the bad boys in the area were probably enemies of Twilight Raiders. I’d figured out that Taylor Brown’s dad ran the Wolf Pack motorcycle club on the outskirts of Vegas after I’d started working for him. I couldn’t get involved with him when he was an enemy of the Raiders. That was the club my sister belonged to and I was loyal to my family. But it was in moments like this that I wanted to ditch my boundaries and take a risk. I refrained. For MaLeah. What would happen if I was with Taylor from the Wolf Pack and she was with Ry from the Twilight Raiders? Could we have a sister-sister relationship anymore? I clenched my fists and pasted on a fake smile. I knew he saw right through it but with Casey in the room, he wouldn’t say anything. Instead, he turned to Casey and said, “I’ll put on something manly.” Casey looked extremely happy. I went back to the kitchen and sighed. How long could this go on? I quickly tried to finish the sandwiches so I could slip away to the room he was letting me use while he was away, but I wasn’t fast enough. He stepped into the kitchen just as I flipped the last sandwich. “The food’s almost done,” I said. If I kept talking, I wouldn’t have to hear his deep, timbre voice that rolled over me like honey. I opened my mouth to keep going but he stopped me. “Mel.” I looked over my shoulder at him. Big mistake. His smoldering gaze met mine. I shivered. “Yes?” I squeaked. “What’s wrong? Is the idea of being with me such a bad idea?” He’d never come out and say something like that directly before. What had gotten into him? I liked the old Taylor, where I could pretend this attraction between us was one-sided. I shook my head, “No. I’m sure you’d make an excellent lover. B-” “Then-” “No Taylor; we can’t.” He looked irritated, “Why? Are you a lesbian?” I rolled my eyes, “No.” “Then why?” He was almost whining. I held back a grin at that. “Because it goes against my values to date a club member.” He blinked. Clearly my response hadn’t been what he was expecting. What was he expecting? The, ‘you’re not the type of man I could bring home to my mother’? bullshit? I scoffed to myself at that. I plated the last sandwich and put a slice of tomato in, all the while Taylor stood there and watched me. Once I was done, I did the dishes, grabbed a sandwich, and went to my room without a backward glance. 

Taylor
Went against her values? What the hell was that supposed to mean? Was she a Christian or something? I believed in God but I didn’t have time for all that church crap where the pastors were wringing their congregations dry to sustain their lavish lifestyles. Maybe that was a jaded view of church. Maybe not. But I’d have no qualms sitting in the pews and listening to them blabber for a chance to be with Melissa. If only that’s what she was talking about. I had a feeling her ‘values’ had nothing to do with her religion. Otherwise she could have straight up called me a heathen and been done with it. Sighing, I grabbed the two plates and headed into the living room where Casey was watching Legos. “Hungry?” I asked. His full attention turned to the food in my hand and he eagerly took a plate. I grinned and sat down to join him. I glanced at the direction Mel’s room was. With a resigned sigh, I tucked into my sandwich. If she was so adamant about refusing me, maybe I should look elsewhere. It wasn’t like I had a shortage of women. I could get laid when I wanted to. I had a sinking feeling that if I ever did score with Mel (because that’s what this was- just a need to have sex with her. Right?) she’d ruin me for all other women. Maybe it was better if we didn’t give into the attraction. Should something go wrong, who would watch Casey? I’d gone through several nannies before Casey found one he liked. I wouldn’t want to take that away from him just because my dick liked her. Nodding to myself, I decided I best leave well alone- for my sake and for Casey’s. 




Chapter 16

The next morning
Melissa
I woke up just as restless and unfulfilled as ever. My body wanted Taylor bad. But my brain knew better. After all MaLeah had done for me, the least I could do was steer clear of all men that were associated with motorcycle clubs in Vegas outside of the Raiders. Maybe I was just torturing myself and should start looking for another job. Then the idea struck me. Maybe I just needed a trip to Vegas, find a hot dude to get me off, and I’d come back unconcerned with Taylor. I hadn’t had a lay in a very long time. Maybe that’s all this was- my body wanting the nearest male. I nodded and began packing. I had a few friends who’d be happy to watch Casey for a day or two. He was the sweetest little guy ever. While in Vegas, maybe I could see MaLeah and my niece. I hadn’t seen them in a while. Yes. This was exactly what I needed. After packing, I went downstairs and found Taylor in the kitchen making coffee. “Would you like a cup?” he asked. I shook my head, “No thanks. I was wondering how long you planned on being here.” He shrugged, “At least a week. Why?” I smiled, “Perfect. I’m going to go visit my sister.” Was it just me or did his face fall before he covered it up? “Sure,” he said, a strain in his voice. I nodded and retrieved my bags. “You’re leaving now?” “Yeah. I want to get there as soon as possible.” His shoulders fell, “Yeah. Okay. I’ll let you know if anything comes up.” “Sounds good.” I stuffed my things into my trunk and drove away. 

Taylor
She was leaving. This was all my fault. I shouldn’t have come on so strong last night. It was a moment of weakness. I slammed my fist onto the counter, dropping my head into my hands. This couldn’t go on. She couldn’t keep working for me while I kept pining after her. I gulped down my coffee, loving the burn it left in its wake. Pasting on a calm facade, I went to wake Casey up. 

Two days later
Melissa
“I missed you so much,” MaLeah said, pulling me into a hug. I hugged her back, “I missed you too. Hi Hunter!” “Hi,” Hunter said. “I’m going to be putting Hunter to bed and Sabean will be home. Do you want to hit the club?” MaLeah asked. I nodded. Perfect. I’d find my next lay. She moved aside and I stepped into her nice new home. “This is nice,” I said. She smiled, putting Hunter down, “It is. Sabean has great taste.” “That he does. Where is he?” “At work.” “Bummer. I wanted to give him the ‘if you hurt my sister’ talk while I was here.” She laughed, “How long do you plan on staying?” I shrugged, “I planned for at least a week.” “You can take off work like that? Don’t you babysit?” “Casey’s father is back home so I decided it was as perfect a time as ever to take a trip.” She nodded, “Are you hungry? I can whip us up something.” “Sure. Whatever you have on hand is fine with me.” “Let me show you to the room you can stay in so you can unpack while I cook.” “Thanks.” I spent the rest of the evening with MaLeah and Hunter. She put Hunter to bed at 8pm and Sabean arrived at 9pm. I was instantly jealous of the relationship that they had. I wanted that. With Taylor. But alas, it was not to be. I shut my door and began to apply my make-up. I was ready to go by 9:30. MaLeah and I arrived at the club at 10pm. My eyes immediately latched onto a man sitting in the corner, sipping a drink. He had dark brown hair with a red tint and brown eyes. He was spectacularly handsome. “That’s Kyle,” MaLeah said. “Huh?” “The man you’re staring at. That’s Kyle. Sabean’s right hand man.” So starting anything with him wouldn’t be a conflict of interest. Perfect. I ordered a drink and weaved my way over. “Can I sit?” I asked, motioning to the chair. He scowled at me for a moment before motioning for me to sit. I sat down, I’m Melissa.” “Kyle.” “Do you want to dance?” He frowned again then shrugged, “Sure.” We made our way onto the dance floor and soon my body was pressed up against his. The thing was, I would know if a man wanted me. His body would be physically reacting. Or his touch would be wholly inappropriate for certain environments. But Kyle’s body wasn’t physically responding to me. And his hands never strayed from my hips. I huffed in frustration. “Are you single?” I asked him. He blinked at me like he was miles away in his head. Then he shrugged, “Not really.” “What does that mean?” “I’m kind of seeing someone but it’s not set in stone or anything.” I stepped away from him, “I’m sorry.” He shrugged again, “He wouldn’t mind.” “He?” His eyes widened a fraction, “I mean she.” But I knew he was lying. This man was seeing another man, and he didn’t want anyone to know. If I could guess, I’d say it was because he was part of a MC- and ignorant people viewed being gay as weak. “I don’t care if you’re gay or not.” He stiffened, “Yeah. Okay.” “Well, I’m off to find a straight man.” He nodded. I made my way back to the bar, sighing. The man I really wanted was off limits. The man that would have done for tonight was gay. My luck was the worst. “Kyle wasn’t interested?” MaLeah asked. “He’s gay.” She frowned, “Since when?” “Since he was born,” I said with an eye roll. “You know that’s not what I meant.” I shrugged, “He said he was seeing some other dude. I got the feeling he didn’t want anyone to know so…” “Yeah. His secret is safe with me.” I nodded and ordered another drink, tossing it back. “You seem upset. Everything okay?” I shrugged. “Mel, we used to talk about everything. It can’t be that bad.” “Easy for you to say when you have everything you could possibly want,” I snapped. We were both taken back by my tone. “I’m sorry. I’ve had a rough week,” I muttered, standing up. “Where are you going?” she asked. “Someplace. I need to clear my head.” I turned and walked out of the club. I needed a moment to myself. I was so pent up and frustrated that I would blow any moment. “What’s a babe like you doing out here by herself?” a voice asked. I looked up and found that I was about 5 blocks from the club. I turned to face the man, only to see that there were 3 of them. I got a sickening feeling in my stomach. 

Taylor 
My phone was ringing incessantly. I snatched it off of the table, saw my dad’s name on the caller id, and frowned. Why was he calling me at 10:30pm? I answered, “Hello?” “I need you back in Vegas. It’s time.” “Time for what?” “The Raiders are in disarray.” I sat up, “What happened?” “Ry’s girlfriend’s sister is missing.” “Okay but what does that have to do with me?” “My boys got her.” I swallowed. This wasn’t good. If Ry found out, my father would be against the Raiders and the Smokers. Fuck. “I’m on my way.” I hung up before my father could reply. Quickly showering, I put on some clothes and began packing a bag. Against my better judgment, I dialed Melissa. I hated to interrupt her break but I needed someone to watch Casey. There was no way I was dragging him into this mess. But Melissa didn’t answer. In fact, my call went straight to voicemail. She’d clearly turned her phone off, not wanting any disturbance. Gritting my teeth, I went to Casey’s room and began packing him a bag as well. Taking Casey to Vegas was the last thing I wanted for my son, but I didn’t trust anyone other than Mel to watch him in my absence. When both of our things were packed, I woke Casey up. I got him ready and we were on our way by 11 that night. 



Chapter 17

The next morning
Derek
“How dare you,” I bit out. “I was just asking,” Kyle hissed. “What would Rider have to gain by kidnapping her?” “How would I know?” “Rider’s not even here! He’s in California with Sophia.” “Yes. I know.” “So then what would I benefit from kidnapping her?” Kyle sighed, “Nothing. I know you didn’t do it, okay?” I ran my fingers through my hair and looked at Kyle. He’d dropped by my place this morning without warning. “We’ll help,” I said. “What?” “I’ll have the Smokers out looking for her.” Kyle smiled, “Thanks. She means a lot to MaLeah.” “When did she see her last?” “Last night they went to our main club. I was there. Melissa got upset and left.” “Upset about what?” Kyle shrugged, “I don’t know. I think she was looking for a lay.” “And how would you know that?” “She was hitting on me.” I felt a surge of possessiveness flood my system. I clenched my fists. I knew Melissa wouldn’t be an issue since Kyle was gay, but still. “I told her I was seeing someone.” My shoulders relaxed. “I might have let it slip that it was a he and not a she.” My shoulders tensed. “I had no idea she knew MeLeah until I saw them talking. I’m really sorry. I know you’re still getting used to this.” Derek smiled and kissed Kyle, “It’s alright. If people find out, to hell with it.” Kyle grinned, “Really?” “Yeah.” He grinned, “Okay. We need to tell Ry that you’re willing to lend your help.” “Sure. We can head over now. I’ll let Rider know on the way.” I swung open the door and froze. There stood Rider. He looked between Kyle and I, “What’s going on?” “Uh…” I said. “You know that MaLeah’s sister is missing, right?” Kyle asked. I was grateful he wasn’t so shocked. Rider nodded, “MaLeah called Sophia last night so we came back.” “Derek was offering to help us look.” Rider narrowed his gaze at me. I refused to squirm. “And you needed to be at his house to do that?” Kyle glared at him, “What the hell does it matter to you?” “Because I’m the President of The Black Smoke.” “He was going to call you.” Rider turned back to me, “A word.” I glanced at Kyle and nodded. Kyle brushed past Rider and got onto his bike, gunning the engine. Rider turned back to me, “What’s going on Derek. I leave for, what, two weeks, and all of a sudden you’re buddy-buddy with him?!” I didn’t like the way he said ‘him’, as if Kyle was no better than the scum off his shoe. I narrowed my eyes at him, “Says the man sleeping with Sophia.” “I’m dating her, Derek.” “I’m-” I clamped my mouth shut. Rider clearly had something against Kyle. Now would not be a good time to tell him I was sort-of dating him. I shrugged, “We have more important things to think about. Someone had the audacity to kidnap a Raider, knowing the Raiders would retaliate. That means they could do the same to us.” Rider nodded, “True. Okay. Let’s go.” I almost sagged in relief that he let the subject drop. 

Rider
Derek wasn’t telling me something. Since when had he and Kyle been so friendly? I looked between them as they exchanged a glance. Was Derek thinking of becoming a Raider? I gritted my teeth. Now was not the time. I gunned my engine and the three of us headed to the club that the Raiders mainly hung out in. I parked my bike and strode in before Derek and Kyle. Ry saw me and frowned, “What the hell are you doing here?” “Rider?” Sophia asked. I opened my arms and she came into them. I kissed the top of her head then turned to Ry, “I’m offering you my help.” A few of the Raiders scoffed. I turned a glare on each one of them. They glared back. “Why?” Ry asked. “Because whether you like me or not, we’re going to be seeing a lot of each other in the future. So I minus well be the bigger man here and leave the past where it’s supposed to stay.” Ry stared at me for a moment before MaLeah swatted his arm, “Accept his help.” Ry huffed and turned to me, “Fine. But if you screw me over…” I shrugged nonchalantly. His threats didn’t scare me. 

Taylor
 I cracked the windows and checked on Casey one last time. He was sound asleep. I knew it was a bad idea to leave him in the car by himself, but at least the windows were tinted so no one would get any funny ideas. And it couldn’t be worse than carrying him into an agitated Raider club. I climbed out of the car and went inside, skidding to a stop when I came face to face with not only Raiders, but Rider James himself. In his arms was a cute brunette. Everyone turned their eyes on me. “Taylor?” Ry asked. I nodded once, realizing just how stupid my father was. I wondered if a sense of loyalty to the Wolf Pack, which wasn’t existent since my father turned my mother over to the wolves when he found out she was going to divorce him, would be warring with my sense of self-preservation. There was no way my father would stand against Raiders and Smokers. Then I noticed the woman standing beside Ry. I’d seen her before, but I never looked at her. If I had, I would have noticed that she looked a lot like Mel. My brain started doing the calculations. Mel said she had a sister who moved to Vegas to be with her boyfriend and their daughter. Ry lived in Vegas and had a daughter. Ry’s girlfriend had a sister, who was missing. Mel wouldn’t answer her phone, which now that I think about it was strange since she never turned her phone off. And the similarities between Ry’s girlfriend and Mel were undeniable. But what convinced me was what Mel had told me before she left- that dating a club member was against her values. She was associated with the Raiders and she knew that I was a Wolf by blood. She didn’t want to mix clubs. That meant that the woman who was missing was Mel- my Mel. I felt my stomach churn. “Are you okay?” Ry’s girlfriend asked. “What’s your sister’s name?” I asked. I prayed against hope that I was just delusional. “Melissa. Why?” she asked. I sucked in a sharp breath. Ry frowned at me, “What’s going on?” “I know where she is,” I said, “Well, kind of.” “What do you mean ‘kind of’? And how do you know?” Rider asked. “My dad called me last night and told me he had her. I just don’t know where he’s keeping her.” Ry growled, “Of course. The Wolf Pack has been trying to place themselves on the map forever.” “Why are you helping us?” Rider asked. “I’ve never truly been a wolf for years, especially since I got my son,” I said with a shrug. Ry’s girlfriend smiled, “That’s nice. What’s his name?” I could tell she loved children from the wistful sound in her voice. And I knew she and Ry shared a daughter. “Casey.” She frowned and then her eyes widened, “You’re Taylor?!” Now it was my turn to frown, “Yeah. How’d you know?” “Mel works for you!” I nodded. She grinned, “My sister is head over heels for you, you know.” I sighed, “Yes. I know.” “Then…?” I shrugged, “She has something against being with a Wolf when her sister is Raider.” Understanding dawned in her eyes and then she blushed, “That may have been my fault. I’ll talk to her.” I shrugged, as if I didn’t care, when in reality I wanted to thank her profusely. “Are you done now?” Ry asked. She rolled her eyes, grinned at me, then went back to his side. “Okay, so we need to make a plan for you to rescue Melissa,” Rider said. I nodded, now determined more than ever to find her. 

Melissa
I heard the roar of motorcycle engines. Then yelling. And lots of cursing. Then gunshots. My heart began to pound in my chest. I hated not knowing what was happening. I knew that MaLeah at least knew that I was missing. She probably told Ry and the Raiders were looking for me. But I couldn’t shake the sadness that Taylor wasn’t looking for me. I felt like these were my last moments, if the gunfire was anything to go by, so I spent them thinking about Taylor and what could have been. If I, by some miracle, got out of here alive, I was promised to stop pushing him away. I realized that life was too short to care what MC he belonged to. My heart clearly didn’t care. So why should I? The door swung open and the first thing I saw was a gun. My heart rate sped up even further. This was it. I was going to die. You know how they say your life flashes before your eyes? Mine didn’t. I just saw a mirage of Taylor walking through the door. “Mel!” he said, lowering his gun and rushing over. As he untied me, I began to wonder if this was a dream. When I was untied, I just threw myself into his arms. I was going to enjoy this while it lasted. His arms came around him and I felt him begin walking. I held on for dear life, fearing that if I let go he’d disappear. 

Taylor
Holding Mel in my arms for the first time was like a dream come true, despite the circumstances. I picked my way over the bodies of wolves. I knew my father and his closest brothers had gotten away, but at the moment that didn’t bother me. I had Mel safe in my arms. I walked out into the sun where the Raiders and Smokers were waiting on their bikes. Rider smirked and gave me a chin lift before starting his bike. The smokers followed his example and soon they were speeding away. “Bring her back to the club. I’m sure Riley wants to see her,” Ry said. I nodded. I put her into the passenger seat of my car. She wouldn’t let go. “Hey, baby, it’s over. It’s okay,” I murmured. She slowly looked at me, “You’re not fake?” I quirked an eyebrow, “I hope not.” She crushed her lips to mine. I kissed her back. “I’ll stop fighting,” she said, tears running down her cheeks. I smiled softly, “Take all the time you need. I’m not going anywhere.” 




Chapter 18

Two months later
Sabean
I don’t know how Riley convinced me this was a good idea, but then again…yes, I do. I couldn’t deny her anything. So here we all were- Raiders, Smokers, and Taylor, having the biggest BBQ in Vegas. She thought it would be a good idea to solidify the fragile bonds we’d forged the day Melissa had been kidnapped. We still hadn’t found Taylor’s father or his little possy, but we knew they wouldn’t try anything soon. I turned and looked at the children’s area where Hunter, Casey, and the other children were playing. This didn’t feel like a MC event. It felt more like a friendly gathering. And I was okay with that. I looked around for Kyle. Usually he was somewhere nearby. Not today. I saw him talking to Derek. I’d noticed the two of them had gotten quite friendly. It was probably a good idea that my right hand man and Rider’s right hand man were close. I still wasn’t completely sure about Rider, but he was making an effort. Especially on the drug front. Sophia had told me about how they met and what he’d done. That has gone a long way to gaining my respect. “Beer?” Riley asked me, holding out a bottle. I kissed her, “Thanks. You didn’t get one?” She placed a hand on her stomach and shook her head. My face lit up, “You’re pregnant?!” She nodded. I sat my drink aside and pulled her in for a long kiss, not caring who saw. Let them look. They’ll know just how much I loved her. 

Rider
I smirked at Ry and MaLeah and turned my attention back to Sophia. She was just relaxing on my lap. “This is nice,” she said. “Yeah.” It was. I’d grown up thinking MC clubs only associated with one another when they were fighting. It was nice to see clubs just hanging out. “Those two are having a good time,” she said, pointing to Derek and Kyle. I looked at Derek and thought about his problem with being bisexual. Then I remembered his slip where he said ‘K’ had told him that. My eyes widened. He’d slept with Kyle. That had to be it. “What’s wrong?” Sophia asked. I shook my head, “Promise you won’t tell anyone. I don’t think they want this out.” “Okay. What?” “I think Derek and Kyle are sleeping together.” Her eyes widened and she looked at them. We stared at them for a moment then she turned back to me, “Does that bother you? That Derek’s gay?” “He said he was bisexual.” “He told you?” “We’re best friends. I told him about you.” “That’s different.” I shrugged, “It doesn’t bother me. He’s still Derek no matter who he sleeps with.” “Does Ry know Kyle’s gay or bisexual?” I shrugged, “That’s not my concern.” She nodded and leaned back into me, “You’re a good man.” I chuckled, “I love you.” “I love you too.” 

Derek
“Are you sure about this?” Kyle asked. I nodded. I was tired of seeing him in secret. I wanted to let everyone know, and if they didn’t like it, that was their problem. “Maybe we should-” I didn’t give him a chance to finish that. If he kept planting doubts in my head, I was going to chicken out. So I grabbed the back of his neck and kissed. Whoever was unlucky enough to miss it- too bad. It was over just as soon as it began. Out the corner of my eye I saw Rider smirk. If no one but Rider accepted me, that was fine. He was my best friend and the only person whose opinion mattered to me. Besides Kyle, of course. I noticed Kyle was looking at Ry. I looked over. Ry looked confused but not upset. MaLeah had this giddy smile on her face. Of course Kyle’s slip to Melissa had gotten back to her. I grinned and waved. Kyle laughed, “You’re an idiot.” “And you like me anyways.” “I do.” “Food’s ready!” Taylor called. He and some Raiders and Smokers had been manning the grills. Now it was time to eat. I laced my fingers with Kyle and we made our way toward the food. 

Taylor
I quickly made 2.5 plates of food for Mel, Casey, I before everyone else descended on it and there was nothing left. Pushing through the crowd, I spotted Mel reclined on a chair with Casey in her lap. He must have known it was food time because last time I checked he’d been playing with the other children. Smiling, I made my way over. “You came bearing gifts,” Mel said with a smile, turning her face up towards me. I gave her a kiss, “I did.” “Eew,” Casey said. He already had an aversion to kisses. I grinned and handed him his plate. He, along with the rest of the children, couldn’t spare more than 20 minutes of their time eating, and were quickly back to playing, leaving Mel and I by ourselves. She leaned her head against my shoulder, “Don’t get me wrong- I love Vegas, but I like California more.” “Same.” “So what MC are you going to be a part of now?” I shrugged, “Maybe now. I have you and Casey and that’s all I care about.” She smiled, “You’re such a romantic.” I pressed my lips against hers, “Just for you, baby.” She hummed, “I like the sound of that.” So did I. 
THE END


Thank you for reading the full length version of Twilight Raiders!

Be sure to leave a review at the retailer you purchased it from- it’ll only take a minute of your time. 
