

Editing by Barren Acres Editing
Cover Design by Just Write Creations

Copyright © 2018 Tricia Daniels
ISBN 9780994032263

Warning:
This book is recommended for 18+ due to explicit sexual and adult content.

Disclaimer:
This book is a work of fiction. All characters, places and events are from the author's imagination and should not be confused with fact. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, events or places, is purely coincidental.

All Rights Reserved
This literary work may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, will be investigated and is punishable by law.


Unbound
A Bound4 Series Novella

Fidgeting in my seat, I try to shake off this restless feeling. I’m no stranger to long international flights, but something about this trip to Canada has me on edge. Spending time with Ethan O’Connell, the VP of International Sales, can be stressful at the best of times, but I highly doubt I’m feeling anxious about my boss’s difficult disposition. On the contrary, these days he seems content; he seems happy.
If I had to guess why I’m feeling a little off, it would be the odd dreams that have been haunting my sleep since I found out I’d be flying into Toronto. They’re the kind of dreams that linger in your mind, long after you wake. Places and people that seem so familiar to me, yet when I wake, I can’t seem to identify them. And then there’s her… my mind becomes preoccupied with the memory of her smile. Her image is so clearly burned in my mind, it’s as if she were sitting beside me, with those beautiful hazel eyes. I will never forget the way they sparkle an intense green with dramatic flecks of gold and brown. My chest becomes tight, and if it weren’t for the sudden turbulence that startles me into taking a breath, I think I would have forgotten to breathe altogether.
I force myself to think of something else. Work. Yeah, that’s it; focus on work. I didn’t even question why John McCabe, Ethan’s right-hand man, asked me to take an earlier flight because when Ethan O’Connell has a need, everyone jumps. That’s how it’s always been. For me, Carter Brant, it’s how it will always be. Ethan can be challenging; difficult if I’m being completely honest.
There’s always been an unspoken understanding between us; a brotherly type of connection we formed back in school. It was Ethan who paid for my education when I lost the funding for my scholarship. He skyrocketed up the corporate ladder, and two years later, when the opportunity arose, he hired me to run the Australian office of Aurora Technologies. In short, I’d sooner sever a limb than disappoint him.
All my success and everything I value, I owe to Ethan O’Connell: my boat, my luxury home, my Ferrari F12 Berlinetta, and my big fat bank account. You’d think I’d be happy with all that, but lately, I want more. The playboy lifestyle isn’t as fulfilling as it used to be. I long to find a woman I can call my own. One I can start a family with, like the woman in my dreams. That’s the kind of love I want to find.
Feeling like I’m being watched, I glance over the headrest of the adjoining seat. The flight attendant looks away, ashamed she’s been caught. She’s been staring at me since I boarded the plane. After a brief moment, she turns and locks on to my gaze. Unable to hide her reaction to me, her face turns a telltale shade of pink. A mischievous grin slowly curls the edges of my lips. I know where this is going. I’m a longtime member of the mile-high club with an incredible passport of frequent-flyer miles under my belt. There’s always a beautiful woman willing to make the long, tiresome flight a little more enjoyable.
A little distraction might just be what I need to settle this anxiety. I push aside my earlier apprehension about my playboy lifestyle. Right now, it’s a strong impulse, and I can’t fight it. Taking an appreciative look at the blushing flight attendant’s long legs, I nod suggestively toward the rear of the plane. My cock twitches when she bites her lip and hesitates. The shy ones are always the ones who surprise me the most behind locked doors. I know how to coax them out of their comfort zones, eliciting responses they themselves didn’t know they were capable of. She makes her way down the narrow aisle of the first-class compartment, slowing as she passes my seat she whispers, “Follow me.”



Standing under the spray of warm water, I grumble about the barely adequate water pressure in hotel showers. Squirting a dollop of shower gel into my hand, I try to scrub up enough lather to wash my body. I worked up a sweat on that flight, and for some reason, I feel like I need a good cleansing. She was a nice enough girl, and as I suspected, kinky as fuck. The quiet ones always are.
I smile as I lean back and rinse the shampoo out of my hair. My amusement fades as I begin to think about what I’ve just done. I’ve done it many times before, but this time I felt a strange regret as we landed, and she slipped me her number while thanking me for flying Air Canada. I tucked it in my pocket, with no intention of calling her. I never call them, but this is the first time I’ve ever felt guilty about it.
As I step out of the shower, my phone rings. Again. Ethan must be in a ripe mood if John keeps calling to check on my ETA. I already know where we’re meeting for dinner, and I have no desire to listen to him rant about O’Connell, so I ignore it, as I did the last four times he called.

The owner smiles as I walk toward the restaurant entrance. Ethan and I have spent many nights here earning his friendship. “Good evening, Mr. Carter. It’s so nice to see you again. Ethan is waiting.”
I smile and politely overlook his thick European accent. “Good evening, George. It’s just, Carter,” I remind him.
As I pass, he leans in discreetly. “He has a beautiful woman on his arm tonight.”
I reach for the brass handle on the heavy wooden door. “Doesn’t he always?”
“Oh no, she’s not like the other girls.” He gives his head a little shake. “You’ll see.”
I chuckle as I enter. Ethan is always attracted to the same kind of girls. Those he can easily control; bleach blonde, starry-eyed kittens that will do anything to please him. In my younger years, I admired him for that. Now I find it kind of pathetic.
Through the dimly lit bar, I spot McCabe and make my way toward him. I can hear Ethan’s voice as I join them from behind. “Carter is the sales manager at our office in Australia. He’ll be here for a few weeks, while we work out a new business plan.”
I catch a glimpse of her silhouette, and when the light briefly illuminates her face, it stops me in my tracks. Not the trashy blonde who’s rubbing herself against Ethan like a dog in heat; that’s not an uncommon sight. It’s the brunette that makes me feel as if I’ve just walked into an invisible brick wall. She’s undoubtedly the woman George was referring to.
John catches me standing in the shadows and motions me in. I can tell from the look on his face, he’s relieved reinforcements have arrived. Keeping O’Connell out of trouble is a two-man job, most of the time.
A jolt of energy awakens every nerve in my body when I step up behind her. Thoughts race through my mind at lightning speed. I’ve only ever felt like this when I dream of… her. My stomach nervously twists and turns, as I struggle to understand how it could be possible. It’s her… it has to be. I recognize the way she breathes; the way she smells. My heart pounds with a strange cadence as I lean in and speak gently in her ear as if we’re old friends. “My ears are burnin’ so they must be talkin’ bout me.”
Being this close to her, an intuitive calmness settles my nerves, even though her body tenses at the sound of my voice. Her sudden intake of breath presses against my chest, reminding me that we’ve actually not met yet. “Carter Brant.” I step to her side and extend my hand.
“Olivia James.” Her cheeks flush as she reaches for my hand, and it elicits a response from my body that’s neither appropriate nor wanted, at this particular moment.
I prolong the release of her hand until I feel the heat of Ethan’s glare. I sense her anxiety as he abandons his companion at the bar and heads toward us.
“Carter.” Ethan nods and holds out his hand for a brief shake before pulling me into a quick man hug. “Good to see you. How was your flight?”
“Brutal, as usual,” I complain. “Thank God for my long-standing membership to the mile-high club,” I joke.
He looks past me, curiously. “I thought you were traveling alone?”
“I am.” I raise a brow and smirk. “There’s never a shortage of eager women on those long flights.”
Remembering she’s still standing at my side, I become embarrassed. For some reason, I don’t want her to think I’m a womanizer. I mean, I guess I could be considered one, but I don’t want her to have that impression of me. She seems to be off in a world all of her own at the moment, so I’m hoping the comment went unnoticed.
The sound of Ethan’s voice pulls her back to reality. “Olivia?”
“Yes, sorry, what did you say?”
Ethan flashes her an annoyed look, and it really irks me.
“We’ll head into the dining room for dinner now,” he directs.
Ethan doesn’t introduce me to the blonde that flanks in from the side, taking his arm. John has been texting me every ten minutes since my feet hit the ground, so I know who she is and why I’m here. Olivia walks behind everyone, looking disappointed, and I don’t like it. I place my hand gently on her back, guiding her to the dining room. It just seems like the natural thing to do. When we reach the table, Ethan’s client, Stacey, situates herself beside him to ensure that she captures all his attention.
“I guess you’re stuck with me,” Olivia says, apologetically, looking at the two empty chairs on the far side of the table.
I smile and settle in beside her, “I wouldn’t consider that unpleasant.”
Shannon, John’s girlfriend, looks over at us, with regret in her eyes. Ethan shoots daggers at me from across the table. I know exactly what his problem is, but I don’t care.
Minutes seem like hours while I fake an interest in the small talk going on around me. I’m much more interested in knowing more about Olivia. Although, I feel like I already know everything about her. How do you bring that up in casual conversation with a complete stranger? She stares at me several times, looking as if there’s something she wants to say. “Have we met before?” she finally asks me.
I want to answer ‘Yes, every night in my dreams,’ but it’s likely a bad idea. “I don’t believe so.” Have you ever been to Australia?”
“No,” she laughs, “but you seem very familiar to me.”
I’m intrigued that she feels it too. “Were you born here?” I ask, ignoring the business conversation on the other side of the table.
“Yes, born and raised. I’m a small-town girl.”
“Nothing wrong with that,” I add.
“Were you born in Australia?”
“Yes.”
She cocks her head to the side. “Sorry, I guess I’m just naïve, but I thought you’d have more of an accent.”
I chuckle. “I’ve heard that before. It comes out more when I’m at home with my mates or talking to my mum. I spent most of my younger years in boarding schools in the U.S. Then I did my business degree at one of the best universities in London. That’s where Ethan and I met.”
“He mentioned that.” She smiles, and I see the curiosity light up her expression. “You and two other friends, right?”
“That’s right. Have you met Landon Scott? He’s the sales manager for Aurora Tech’s division in South Africa.”
“Ethan has mentioned him.”
Her eyes darken, and I know that look. She has an agenda.
“What can you tell me about Reese Wilson?” she asks coyly.
I knew it. I glance up to ensure Ethan isn’t listening to the conversation. I’m not even going to attempt to change the subject. “I lost touch with Reese. I heard he just accepted a job offer and he’s moving back to Ireland. Ethan hasn’t seen nor heard from him in quite some time. He doesn’t plan to, in the future.”
She nods, acknowledging that my loyalty to Ethan is something that’s not going to falter, but at least she tried. For a long drawn out moment, the golden flecks in her hazel eyes mesmerize me. I envision the lush rolling hills of Ireland, babbling brooks, and the warmth of the summer sun.
I’m annoyed when Ethan ruins my daydream by pulling me into a conversation about business. I’d rather chat with the two extremely intelligent women on this side of the table. I don’t know how John McCabe landed such a young, hot lawyer, but good on the old guy.
I have to hand it to him, when entertaining clients of the opposite sex, Ethan has a magnetism about him. I don’t know if he’s aware of his dalliance, or if it’s a well-thought-out plan of attack. He can be the world’s biggest asshole, but when he turns on the charm with that bloody Irish accent, women practically toss their panties at him. It’s quite something to watch. He’d never jeopardize a business deal at any cost, but what he’s doing to Olivia right now is wrong, and I’m having a hard time watching it go down.
I ignore his steely glare from across the table whenever he feels I’m being a little too attentive to her. When the waiter arrives at the table with drinks for Ethan and his business companion, Olivia’s expression turns to concern, prompting me to lean over and whisper in her ear, “You look like you need a drink yourself, is everything okay?”
“Yes,” she whispers back. “Order me anything with vodka in it.” Fumbling with the zipper on her purse, she drops it on the floor, spilling everything out. It amuses me when she curses like a sailor. She disappears under the table for quite some time, making me curious about what’s going on down there. Ethan clenches his jaw and begins to look extremely uncomfortable. I lift the edge of the tablecloth and bend down to see what’s causing her delay. I close my eyes, wishing I could unsee what I’ve just witnessed. Olivia watches in horror as Stacey’s hand glides upward along Ethan’s thigh and doesn’t stop.
The look of utter heartbreak on her face fuels an angry urge in me to give O’Connell the ass-kicking he deserves. But I can’t. I gather up the few remaining items on the floor and pass them to her. She gives me a forced smile.
I offer her my hand as she gets to her feet. She acknowledges my sympathetic look before glancing at the opposite side of the table. Ethan looks at her with a flash of regret then turns away, unable to look her in the eye. His business conversation with Stacey continues calmly, as if nothing is wrong, but he holds his water glass tightly in both hands, looking like he could crush it under the force. I’ve got to hand it to him. It’s an impressive show of restraint.
“Carter, please excuse me for a moment, I need to freshen up.” Sensing her anxiety, I move the chair out of her way, tempted to follow. I have a very strong urge to take care of her right now. Stacey rambles on about the clubs her friends want to check out later on, and how much fun it’s going to be. I narrow my eyes and shake my head. Has everyone gone completely mad? I’d really like to tell her to ‘shut the hell up.’ It’s tempting.
Olivia continues walking. “Carter,” she calls over her shoulder. “Whatever you order me, make it a double.”
I grin. “My kind of girl.”
Ethan watches her leave the room with a very stoic expression and then glances over at me. I return his stare, not feeling intimidated at all. I shake my head in disapproval as I return to my seat.
“Is there something you wanna say to me, Brant?” he growls angrily.
I pause a brief moment, giving it consideration; there are quite a few things I’d like to say to him. Thinking the better of it, I decline. “Not at the moment, no.”
Shannon frowns when John breathes out a sigh of relief. “This is getting out of hand,” she whispers to him. “Take Ethan outside and have a talk with him. He needs to put an end to this. I’ll go make sure Olivia’s okay. And you…” She puts her hand on my shoulder as she passes, “You… need to do something about that,” she states firmly, as she nods in Stacey’s direction.
They head in different directions, and I suddenly find myself alone with the woman I overheard Shannon refer to as the devil during one of John’s calls.
“I love your accent,” Stacey says, giving me a demure smile.
“Thank you.” I busy myself with my phone, typing everything I can think of into the search engine to get some insight or answers about the feelings I’m having for Olivia: déjà vu, past life regression, dream traveling, alternate universes.
“I heard you drive a Ferrari. Would you take me for a ride?”
I glance up briefly. “If you’re ever in Australia. That’s where it is.”
“What color is it?”
“What?” I ask annoyed.
“The Ferrari. What color is it?”
“It’s red.”
“Trophy Wife Red like my nails? Or Candy Apple Red like my lips?”
I look up, amazed she’s flirting with me. I know John was hoping I’d charm her away from O’Connell, but I just can’t bring myself to do it. He made his bed, and now he can lie in it. “Rosso Scuderia is the brand color.”
I’m relieved to see Olivia return from the toilet. I start to get to my feet, but she waves me off. Ethan joins us simultaneously and takes his place on the other side of the table. Here we go again.
“Do you have a kangaroo?” Stacey suddenly blurts out, making an awkward silence even more uncomfortable.
“Excuse me?”
“You’re from Australia, right?”
“Yes, but there are laws against keeping them as pets in the city.”
“Have you ever boxed a kangaroo?” she continues with a very serious expression.
I thank the Lord Ethan takes over the conversation. Olivia tries to keep a straight face, but she has to turn her head to mask her amusement. I lean in to whisper in her ear and rest my arm on the back of her chair. Her long curls brush against my skin, and I resist the urge to brush my fingers through them. “Thank Christ, you’re back. After only ten minutes of brilliant conversation, I can safely say, she must have slept her way to the top.”
Unable to control herself, Olivia snorts, and it makes me chuckle. Recognizing it as a silent warning when Ethan glares at me, I straighten in my seat. It’s not easy being so close when I crave the touch of her skin against mine.
When dinner is finally over, we move around the pub, mingling between the bar and the billiards room. The silence is broken by a shrill scream, as Stacey runs like she’s on fire toward the front of the restaurant. I’m disappointed to find out she hasn’t burst into flames, but rather, my favorite refuge has become a resort for stiletto-wearing women with perfect hair. Now I know I’m getting old. Once upon a time, I would accept this as a challenge, but now I cringe at the schoolgirl giggling.
Olivia watches them in horror from the bar. “Dear God help us, the rest of the Barbie girls are here. Bartender… two tequila shots and hurry!”
Amused, I take one of the shot glasses out of her hand. After clinking them together, we toss them back in unison.
“Whew!” Olivia’s eyes slightly water from the burn in her throat. “Hey, Carter, let me ask you a question. Would you let any of those Barbies join your mile-high club?”
I had seriously hoped she hadn’t heard that comment. “Hell, no!”
“Not even Stacey?”
I scrunch up my face and lie. “Even I have standards.” Leaning in, I whisper in her ear, “That whole story isn’t true. I don’t want you to think poorly of me. But don’t tell the blokes, they worship me for it.” I flash her a charming smile.
Olivia laughs and looks around the room. “Hey? Where’s O’Connell? I haven’t seen him for awhile.”
I slide the empty shot glasses across the bar and indicate to the bartender that I want two more. “I think he’s playing darts with John.” I pass her another shot, and laugh at the face she makes when she swallows.
“Bleh! I don’t think I can do any more of those.” She shudders.
“One more,” I wave at the bartender. “And a glass of red wine,” I add, as Shannon makes her way over to join us. The door flies open, and a rowdy bunch of blokes fills the room. Olivia introduces them as friends and explains that they were invited to help entertain Stacey and her friends.
Having heard the ruckus, Ethan makes his way to the bar and buys them a round of drinks. Stacey flashes me a seductive grin as she anchors herself to his side. I’ll admit, after several tequilas, I’m starting to think she’s a very intriguing woman. Or she’s completely fucked in the head. I’m not sure yet.
Olivia tenses and takes several deep breaths, trying to calm herself. I pass her another shot. “I can’t remember if bitch-slapping was on the list of things that would be frowned on,” she mumbles under her breath.
I laugh once and glance up as Ethan approaches. “The boys are going to play a game of pool, and the girls are going to watch,” he says to Olivia.
I try to hide my amusement when she dramatically rolls her eyes. It’s clear she’s had just about enough of Ethan O’Connell and way too much tequila. “Awww. The girls are going to watch? How cute is that?” she says sarcastically. “I suppose the poor things are too delicate to play.” She’s laser-focused on Ethan, and her stare remains sassy and unwavering. For some reason, it starts to make my cock hard. “It’s such a shame,” she continues, “because I’m sure everyone in the bar would love the view. Nothing like a little after dinner camel toe.”
I burst out laughing. Shannon chokes on her wine, and quickly holds a cocktail napkin over her mouth. With a boldness already fueled by tequila, Olivia picks up another shot glass and tosses its contents deep into the back of her throat, letting it wash down effortlessly. Slamming the glass down hard on the bar, she gives him a smile that unmistakably means fuck off! I think I love this girl. I lean against the bar and cross my legs at the ankle. I can’t wait to see what comes next.
Ethan stares at her, his jaw clenched, and his lips pressed in a hard line. Turning to his right, he establishes eye contact with Shannon. “Please take Olivia down to the pool tables, so Carter and I can have a talk.”
Olivia raises her eyebrows and laughs. “You can’t be serious? You’re dismissing me?”
This is getting good. I’ve never seen a woman take a stand against O’Connell.
Shannon nods and takes Olivia by the arm, trying to steady her as she sways. “Come on, Sweetie. The boys need to talk. We can wait for them down there.” Olivia protests but Shannon is clearly stronger than she looks.
Starting to feel the effects of that last shot of tequila myself, I sit on the barstool and wait for them to get out of earshot. “What’s up, Boss?” I ask, pretending that I don’t know what’s about to go down.
“Keep your hands off my girl, Carter,” Ethan says harshly.
Well, that was blunt and to the point. Classic O’Connell. I furrow my brow, unable to resist taking a shot at him. “Don’t chuck a spaz, Ethan. I haven’t had my hands on your girl. She was firmly attached to your dick all through dinner.” My boldness makes me smirk. “Find it hard to believe you didn’t notice, mate,”
“I’m talking about Olivia.” Ethan’s jaw tenses and the vein in his temple starts to pulse.
“Olivia?” I scratch my head, pretending to be confused. “Hmm.”
“What?” he asks annoyed.
“It’s not like you to be so greedy.”
“I’m not fooling around with Stacey,” he insists.
“Could have fooled me. I have to say, mate, I’m a little shocked.” I’m tired of his bullshit.
“At what exactly?” Ethan crosses his arms in front of him, widening his stance.
“Making someone, who’s obviously in love with you, watch another girl manhandle your junk at the dinner table. That’s a little cruel, don’t you think? I don’t want to judge you, mate, but it was a dick move. Literally.” I’m quite certain I’m going to regret voicing my opinion, but there’s no holding back now. “I’ve only just met Olivia, but I already know she’s the kind of woman that deserves a lot more respect than that.”
Ethan considers my statement and rakes his hands through his hair in frustration. He establishes eye contact with her across the room and takes on a tortured expression. I know that look, and it causes me concern. “Oh shit. You’re serious about Olivia?”
Ethan nods. “Yes, I think I’m in love with her.”
If there was any chance of exploring the feelings I have for her, it’s fucked now.
“I know…” he corrects himself, “I know I’m in love with her.”
I don’t understand the jealousy that stirs inside me over a woman who was a complete stranger only a few hours ago, but it feels very real.
“Then, what’s going on with Stacey? Don’t tell me nothing. I have eyes.”
He signals the bartender for another scotch. “She’s just a client, who’s made it very clear about how I’m going to get her approval on our proposal.” Lifting himself to sit on the stool beside me, he takes a long pause and then frowns. “My ex, Jessica, is pregnant,” he confesses. “She says it’s mine.”
My eyes open wide. I don’t know how one man can get himself involved in so much drama. “Fuck, that’s rough. I’m sorry.” I know Ethan, and this is going to tear him apart. “I always hated that bitch!” I confess.
“For fuck’s sake! Apparently, John did as well,” he says angrily. “Why didn’t anybody say anything to me at the time?”
I shrug. “Would you have listened?”
Ethan answers into his glass after another mouthful flows smoothly over his tongue. “Probably not, she has magnificent tits.”
I nod my acknowledgment and clink his glass as I glance across the room at Olivia. “What are you going to do now?”
“Paternity test, first and foremost.”
“Good plan. Does Olivia know?”
“She knows about the pregnancy, but she doesn’t know about the other stuff.”
I open my mouth and speak my mind for the wrong reason. A selfish one. “You need to tell Olivia everything.”
“I want to,” Ethan says, swirling what’s left of his scotch in the bottom of his glass. “But her last boyfriend was abusive, Carter. I’m afraid if I tell her what I’m being accused of, she’ll leave me.”
I should bite my tongue, but he just bitched me out for not speaking up about Jessica. “Ah, but you know you can’t keep it a secret for long. Better you come clean now and find out if your relationship is strong enough to withstand it. Yeah?” It crosses my mind that I’d have the opportunity to figure out what the connection is between Olivia and me if she leaves him. “Jess is going to fight you tooth and nail. She’s just that kind of woman. Eventually, Olivia is going to find out. It should come from you before that happens.” I curse my own loyalty. If I told her myself, things would move along quicker.
Ethan nods. “You’re right, but not just yet. I’ll find the right time after the grand opening.” He stops and scrubs his hands over his face. “If she’s even talking to me still.”
“Only you can fix it, O’Connell. Get your shit sorted.” I really like my chances right now. “What’s the plan for the evening?”
He watches the crowd of guests at the pool tables. “It looks like they’re getting along well. I’m hoping I can send everyone off to the club so I can take Olivia home and try to set things right.”
The thought of that makes my blood curdle. “All right then, mate.” I slide off the stool. “Let’s make that happen.”
Ethan gets to his feet, but I can tell there’s one more thing on his mind. He reaches over and grasps my arm.
“I’m not joking, Carter. If you so much as get close enough to breathe on her, I’ll kill you.”
Some things never change, but I’ll play it cool until I figure out what’s going on with me. “Okay, Boss. I’ve got it.”
“And Carter… don’t buy her any more shots. She’s pretty feisty when she’s sober, but from what I’ve just seen, if she keeps drinking tequila, she’ll have my balls by the end of the night.”
I laugh out loud, “Yeah, I think you’re right about that. But you have to admit, she’s fucking brilliant!”
Ethan grins, “That’s why I love her.” He indiscreetly adjusts his crotch. “But, I’m rather fond of my balls, as well.”
I feel compelled to give my old friend some serious advice… for the right reasons this time. “Ethan, fuck the business, mate. It’s not worth it if you lose her.”
He raises an eyebrow. “Who are you and what have you done with the real Carter Brant?”
I shrug. “I know, right? I guess old age is starting to mellow me out. Lately, I find myself wanting that kind of love. I think about settling down. I want to come home at the end of the day to a woman I cherish and love. Someone to make babies with and share the rest of my life. I’m getting tired of the jet-setting playboy routine.”
Ethan nods his head in understanding. “Thank God, it isn’t just me. That’s how I felt the moment I saw Olivia.”
Me too, and I have no idea what to do about it right now. “No, it’s not just you, mate. Amazing what the love of a beautiful woman does to a man.”
“No kidding. Olivia has brought me to my knees several times, and I don’t think she even realizes how much I love her.”
I glance across the room and catch her staring. I wish that look of ardor were for me. “You need to change that before she gets away.”
Ethan nods in agreement “I’m going to start right now.”
I watch as he makes his way across the room like a man on a mission, completely ignoring Stacey when she tries to intercept him. Grabbing Olivia’s hand, he pulls her into a private room, out of sight. I experience a strong feeling of regret over what I’ve just done. My heart tells me she and I have a destiny together, and yet I just launched O’Connell back into her arms. I shake my head feeling conflicted.
From across the room, I watch as the girls decide to try their hand at billiards. This should be amusing since I noticed when I was under the table that Stacey’s not wearing any panties under that very short designer dress. I move to a stool with a better vantage point so I can enjoy the view. I am a man after all. Stacey doesn’t disappoint, leaning as far as she can across the table. She glances at me over her shoulder and smiles; fully aware I’m watching. I tip my beer to my lips and watch the show attentively.
 A door swings open and Olivia emerges. Ethan takes her by the hand and guides her across the room. I can see from here that her face is flushed pink. The thought of what they might have been doing in there makes my jaw clench. Planting himself on one of the tall stools beside me, Ethan widens his knees and pulls Olivia between them. I know the long sensual kiss he places on her lips is a message to Stacey, but it makes my gut feel like it’s tied in knots.
She lays her head to rest on his chest and smiles at me. In this light, her eyes are dark and rich looking, like the most decadent chocolate. I’m drawn back to a time where I remember looking into them and feeling loved. Now I feel even more confused.
Ethan catches a glimpse of Stacey at the billiard table and cocks his head to the side for a quick, discreet look. He glances at me through his peripheral vision and offers me a fist bump, behind Olivia’s back. She looks at me suspiciously, so I nod and wink. I sit and listen to their banter, pretending that I’m genuinely happy for my friend. I wish I were.
I’m shocked when I hear Olivia tell Ethan, “I take it back… you’re not a huge jackass.”
Ethan raises his brows in surprise. “Oh? I don’t remember you calling me that.”
Olivia grins. “Oh, I did, and several other less ladylike things, actually.”
“You’re definitely my kind of girl,” I chuckle. Ethan stops smiling and glares at me.
I shrug. “Just saying, Boss. So don’t fuck it up,” I warn.
“Uh Oh,” Olivia says, as Stacey makes her way toward them.
“The girls want to go over to EUPHORIA and do some dancing,” she says to Ethan as if Olivia isn’t even there.
Olivia begins to move closer to me, but Ethan grabs her hips, locking her in between his knees.
“Sure, if that’s what you want to do. It’s only a few doors down. I’ll have John call over and get you on the VIP list.” Ethan waves John over. “Carter, before you go home, make arrangements to have the tab charged to your room, and then submit it with your expenses.”
“Sure thing, mate.”
Stacey stares at Ethan with an unimpressed expression. “You’re not coming?”
“No, it’s been a long day, and I think I’m going to get on my way.”
She crosses her arms angrily. “You can kiss my endorsement goodbye if you don’t go.”
Ethan anxiously scrubs his hand over his stubble. Sensing the tension, Olivia shrugs, trying to put him at ease. “It’s okay with me if we go.”
Ethan gives her an apologetic look as Stacey storms back across the room to her friends, her heels clicking heavily on the floor as she goes. Ethan meets John halfway across the room to discuss plans. Shannon wanders over to Olivia and me. “What’s going on?”
“Barbie wants to go dancing, and she’s insisting that Ethan goes, too.”
“Wow! She doesn’t discourage easily, does she?”
“Apparently not, so I hope you have comfortable dancing shoes on.” She looks down at Shannon’s feet.
“Oh, I don’t think John, and I will go.”
“You have to go,” Olivia says panicked. “Ethan won’t go unless I do. And I’m not setting foot in that place unless you go with me to make sure I don’t scratch out their eyes.”
I laugh, raising my beer bottle in a salute. “Well, you ladies have fun.”
Olivia sneers at him, “Not so fast, Crocodile Dundee. You’re going, too. Ethan is going to need you there.”
She narrows her eyes at me, giving me a stern warning. I’ve seen that look before, and it seems it’s transcended through time without losing any of its effectiveness. “Fine,” I say, giving in reluctantly. “I’ll go.” I know I don’t want to be on the wrong side of Olivia’s threats.
“Go where?” Ethan asks as he returns.
“To Euphoria with us,” Olivia answers for me.
“Awesome, I’d feel better if you were there. Nice of you to offer.”
Shannon lets out a small, well-mannered laugh, while Olivia tries to look innocent. Ethan looks at me, confused. “Oh, I didn’t offer,” I explain. “I’m going because your girlfriend told me I have to. And quite frankly, mate, I’m afraid of what she’ll do to me if I refuse.”
Olivia bats her eyelashes at him. Ethan grins and shakes his head. “Wise decision, my friend.”
The room erupts into a barrage of giggles. Ethan glances over at them. “John has already gone over to make the arrangements. We’ll walk over with the girls.”
Stacey firmly grasps Ethan’s arm and starts to walk. Ethan looks over his shoulder at Olivia.
“It’s okay,” she says, putting him at ease.
The lights in the city are bright against the black veil of night.
Standing between the lovely lawyer and the sassy information technology consultant, I present my arms to them. “Ladies. Shall we?”
The girls smile at each other and accept my offer. With one on each arm, I escort them through the city’s famous entertainment district. Ethan peeks over his shoulder several times on the short walk, checking on me. I can’t believe how ridiculous he is.
John is waiting outside the nightclub, located in one of Toronto’s most prestigious hotels. Shannon glows when she sees him. I still don’t know what she sees in the old guy.
The minute Stacey leaves Ethan’s side, Olivia steps up and claims his hand. The line of patrons waiting to get in extends down the street and around the corner. “Ethan, I don’t think they’re going to let us in.”
Ethan kisses her on the forehead, “Trust me, they’ll let us in.”
Looking doubtful, Olivia follows him to the door. While he deals with security, she glances over at me and shrugs. An amused grin crosses my lips. “You didn’t know that he’s part owner?”
Her eyes open wide. “Of the nightclub?” she says, in shock.
Ethan smirks. “No, Baby. I own the hotel.”
Arrogant bastard. We bypass the lineup and head to the second floor VIP lounge. Ethan and Olivia head out to the balcony while John stands outside the door, ensuring they get some privacy. I lean against the bar watching the flurry of activity in the room. It brings back memories of our good ole university days. That seems to be so long ago. I usually have no desire to return to those days, but right now, I have a strong impulse to get out on that crowded dance floor. Maybe it’s the booze inflating my ego, but I keep catching the girls staring at me, and I could use a little distraction.
Stacey makes her way over to me, smiling. “Hi there, handsome.”
“Hello.” I give her a longer, more appreciative look. She’s a few dingoes short of a pack, but beautiful nonetheless. In this light, she bears a close resemblance to the other woman that walks through my dreams. I’m pretty sure it’s just the booze because I don’t get that feeling when I’m near her, like I do with Olivia. The whole thing just keeps getting more bizarre.
She moves in closer and touches my arm while she talks. “I hope we’re not going to spend all night up here.”
“What did you have in mind?” I ask curiously.
She leans in and whispers into my ear.
I nod. “Right.” I’m not quite sure what I was expecting her to say, or why I’m feeling discontented. I walk away to have a few words with John.
“Why?” he asks me in frustration. “Any other time you’d be all over a challenge like that. The woman is bad news, and I need her away from Ethan.”
“He got himself into this mess, he can get himself out.”
“I understand now. You’ve lost it.”
“Lost what?”
“Your charm. Your pizzazz. Your sex appeal.”
Shots fired! I raise my brow. “Uh, no. She’s clearly only interested in O’Connell.”
He shakes his head and frowns, then lets me pass. I clear my throat as I enter so they know I’m there. “Sorry to interrupt,” I say, as I join them on the balcony. “But I’ve been sent to inform you, Stacey wants to dance, now.” I point at Ethan and smile, unapologetically, “With you.”
There’s barely room to move on the dance floor, but he does his best to keep Olivia close. She rolls her eyes at Stacey, who continually tries to capture Ethan’s attention. I have to give her high regards for her patience. I wouldn’t have tolerated that bullshit for long.
A very popular song plays, and everyone explodes onto the dance floor with their best moves. I join them, inspired by the number of hot young women that begin gravitating toward me. Everyone except for Stacey. She’s still firmly attached to Ethan on the other side of the dance floor. For some reason, I catch Olivia looking at my feet, and I look down to make sure my shoelaces are tied. She looks embarrassed when I look at her again. I wonder what’s going through her mind.
I’m enjoying all the beautiful women dancing around me. I’ve never set eyes on them before this song, and one of them is now grinding her ass against me. Take that McCabe. I have definitely NOT lost my sex appeal.
“Carter!” Olivia screams in my ear. “Stacey is watching you.”
I look over, find her staring, and shrug.
“She’s checking you out. Please… please… please… go over and dance with her, and so I can spend some time with Ethan.”
The music changes to a slow love song. Olivia tries to get to Ethan in time, but she’s too late. Stacey is already pressed against his chest, with her arms locked firmly around him, swaying.
“Fuck,” Olivia whispers from the middle of the floor.
It kills me to watch her go through this. I place my hand on her back and escort her off the dance floor. I haven’t gotten all the details from John about the Bramtech Corporation, but it must be one hell of a business deal for Ethan to jeopardize his relationship with Olivia. When we reach the other side of the room, I’m flocked by a group of girls who seem to be infatuated with my blue eyes and accent. Screw you, again, McCabe. Tempting as it is, I turn down several invitations to dance. I don’t want to leave Olivia standing here alone, but the grinder won’t take no for an answer. She engages me in a little dirty dancing, right there against the wall. I must admit, I’m not completely hating it; she has a great ass. The booze, the music, and the smoking hot body grinding against me distract me longer than it should. I glance over her shoulder in time to see Olivia heading across the dance floor as if she’s just been shot out of a cannon.
It’s tempting to let her go and see what unfolds. Instead, loyalty gets the better of me, so I abandon my partner and take off after her, knocking people over in my attempt to reach her in time. I catch her, midway across the dance floor. “Whoa!” I band my arms around her waist from behind, to stop her. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going to peel that SKANK off my man!” she says through clenched teeth.
It isn’t funny, but I laugh. “Oh no, you’re not. Well, at least not while you look like you want to stab someone.” I turn her around and escort her back to the other side. Ethan gives me a look of gratitude from across the room. I nod my acknowledgment. She’s literally trembling with anger. As an alpha male, it triggers that instinctive need I have to protect her. She becomes my first priority. “Olivia, listen to me. I know it’s hard to watch, but I know Ethan. He’s an asshole, but he’s not a liar. He told me tonight that he loves you.”
For the first time since I marched her back over here, she focuses on me. Her expression morphs from anger to sheer terror. Clearly, that wasn’t the right thing to say. “I just mean; there must be a good reason he’s letting this happen.”
Her eyes dart between him and me. “I’m not important enough,” she says, looking deflated.
“Don’t say that. You’re very important to him. For some reason, that woman has latched onto him like a tick on a kangaroo.” The darkness doesn’t hide the tears in her eyes. “If there weren’t a business deal at stake, this wouldn’t be happening. I know that’s no excuse, but at least it’s an explanation.” I glance at the dance floor, watching as Ethan consistently moves her hands off his ass. I growl, struggling to accept what I know I have to do. I have to put a stop to this. “Listen, you just stay here. Okay? I’ll look after it.” Needing liquid encouragement, I tip my bottle to my mouth and drain it.
“Carter? What are you going to do?” she asks, worried.
I like that she’s concerned. I pinch her chin and smile. “You look absolutely miserable, and I can’t take it anymore. I’m going to do what I should have a few hours ago. I’m going to suck it up and take one for the team.”
Olivia lets out a heavy sigh of relief, “Thank you, Carter. You’re a good friend.”
“Yes, I am. And you’re going to owe me one. A huge one, I might add.”
“Anything, I promise.”
If only. I take a long look at her, remembering the way she looks at me in my dreams. I nod. “All right, let’s get on with it. It’s your turn to order me a drink. I’m going to need it.”
I dodge my admirers and make my way onto the dance floor. Tapping Ethan on the shoulder, I ask to cut in. Stacey glances over at Olivia with hatred in her eyes. Ethan makes a quick exit, leaving me standing there with an extremely pissed off blonde. I’ve always loved a good challenge. “Don’t look so disappointed, beautiful.”
She reluctantly takes my outstretched hand, and I reel her in. It takes everything I have to smile and create the illusion that I’m interested in her. Her body remains stiff in my arms, making it difficult to dance.
“Come on, now,” I coax. “I don’t bite.” I lower my mouth to her ear. “That’s a lie. I do.” I feel her body respond and it pleases me. I know her type. The kind of woman who puts on a strong and dominant facade, but responds to a man who can control her in the bedroom. That’s the reason for her attraction to Ethan. The submissive in her is drawn to his alpha personality. She hasn’t seen anything yet. As the music vibrates around us, I pull her close and lead her. She responds as I knew she would. I feel her warm breath against my chest as she nuzzles in under my chin and takes refuge there. It’s the safest place a submissive could be. My hands firmly anchor her against my body, slowly but surely, staking my claim.
I lower my cheek to hers and breathe in her perfume. It’s seductive, yet sophisticated. I’m a sucker for the provocative fragrances women wear. Her hands explore my chest as if there’s not a single other person in the room. Instinctively, I tangle my hand in her hair and give it a slow firm tug, discreetly forcing her to look up at me. I watch her chest expand with her quick intake of breath, and it makes me hard. “How wet are you right now?” I already know the answer. Her hips push forward against me as she twitches. The dim lights hide the victorious grin that begins to curl on my lips. I hold her gaze until a silent understanding passes between us.
Suddenly I become the guy I was back in college. The guy I’ve been trying to leave behind. It’s an impulse that comes over me, and I can’t stop it. “You and I are going to go over to that dark corner under the stairs, and I’m going to fuck you. Do you understand?” I loosen my grip on her and wait for her to comply.
Without a word, she turns, and I steer her across the floor. The moment the darkness conceals us from view, she unzips my trousers and slips my cock out. You’d think I’d be concerned about someone catching us, but I’m not. I press my lips to hers in a hungry kiss and pin her to the wall. I know she’s ready for me and there’s not a thing beneath this dress to stop me. Discreetly I lift her and slide inside. In a forgotten corner of a crowded bar, I give the girl the pounding of her life. She won’t be thinking about O’Connell in the morning. I’ll make sure of it.



When I open my eyes the next morning, she’s still sleeping at the furthest side of the bed. I’m grateful for the personal space since I’m not the cuddling kind. After a long shower, I escort her to the corner coffee shop. The least I can do is buy the girl breakfast before sending her on her way. Businessmen glance at me over the tops of their newspapers and smirk. I’ve always bought breakfast for the girls after a casual hookup, and it’s never bothered me before. For some reason, today, I feel like I’m doing the walk of shame.
A pair of stunning blue eyes stares at me from behind a computer screen, looking disgusted. When our eyes meet, I get a nervous feeling. A strange energy zips through my veins like a drug. I slow my pace as I walk past her, feeling as if I should speak to her, but I have no words.
A snide smile, which I don’t understand, flashes across Stacey’s lips as we pass. As I glance back at her one more time, I see a sadness in her eyes as she closes her laptop and leaves. I don’t know why, but I feel like I’ve disappointed her. I give my head a shake, trying to pull myself back to reality. I’m really beginning to think I need to see a psychiatrist because I’m clearly losing my mind.
Stacey busies herself with her phone the entire time she drinks her coffee. I can’t get those sad blue eyes out of my mind. I stare out the window, wondering where she went after she left. Stacey and I barely speak but a few words to each other, before I put her in a cab and say goodbye. There’s no exchange of numbers or offers to keep in touch. We both know what last night was. The sex was fucking amazing, and obviously, something we both desired and needed, but that will be the end of it.



Something Ethan said the other night struck a nerve with me. It’s been gnawing at me since, so I head into the office. It takes forever to get past the bimbo at the front desk. Why does O’Connell surround himself with this type of clingy women? She detains me, trying to prolong our conversation unnecessarily. I practically have to prostitute myself to get through the door. Now I feel like I need another shower. I walk down the long hallway, hoping to avoid O’Connell and walk straight into John’s office. “Hey.”
He looks up surprised. “Hey. I didn’t expect to see you here so early.”
“I’m surprised I’m here at all,” I scoff.
“So why are you?”
“Information. About Olivia’s ex.”
John sits back in his chair. “What do you want to know?”
“Ethan said he was abusive.”
“Yes. It appears that way.”
“I need the details.”
“Carter, if you want information maybe it’s better you talk to Ethan.”
“I don’t want to talk to Ethan. I know you. You’ve already checked him out, and you’re keeping tabs on him.” I begin moving papers around on his desk. “You probably have a file here somewhere.”
He crosses his arms unimpressed. “And what are you going to do with this information, if I share it with you?”
“Nothing, mate. I just want to help keep her safe. For Ethan.”
I can’t quite tell by the look he’s giving me if he believes me, but he opens the bottom drawer of his desk and takes out a file folder.
“The guy is a real piece of shit,” he says, as he hands it to me. “The police report bothers me. I can’t put my finger on it, but something doesn’t seem right.”
I take it out of his hand. “I’ll go through it and see if I feel the same.”
“Bring it back to me when you’re done.”
I stuff it in my briefcase. “Will do. And if anybody asks… you haven’t seen me.”
“Got it.”



I spend the next day going over the police reports and checking out details. John is right. Something doesn’t add up. I read through some of the witnesses’ character statements, and I feel like I’d like to kill the guy for the way that he treated Olivia. I break into a cold sweat as I read through the medical report. My stomach actually begins to feel nauseous. When Scott calls about a delivery that’s going to be made at the restaurant and says he needs someone there to sign for it, I volunteer to go. I need the fresh air. It’s a coincidence that I run into Olivia at the coffee shop down the street. Okay, so I drove past her work several times until she left for lunch and followed her there. I need to see her.
“Carter!” she says, surprised to see me. “What are you doing here?”
“Running an errand for Scott.”
“Do you have time to have lunch with me?”
I smile, pleased that she’s asked. “I’ll make time for you.”
She blushes and looks away as she tucks her hair behind her ear. She’s so beautiful. I stand there, like a moron, staring.
“Are you going to get something to eat?”
“No, I’m good.” I hold up my coffee.
“Sit,” she says looking at the time. “I only get a half an hour for lunch.”
I pull the chair out and sit. A sullen look washes over her.
“What’s wrong? You can talk to me,” I assure her.
“I haven’t been sleeping well,” she admits, as she picks at her sandwich.
I hold up my hand. “I was wrong. If this has anything to do with the weird kinky sex you’re having with O’Connell, I don’t want to hear about it.”
She wrinkles her nose. “Really? No! Nothing like that.” Looking disgusted, she pushes her plate to the side. “I’ve been having nightmares.”
“I can understand why. Dating O’Connell must be terrifying.”
She tries to hold off a grin but she can’t. “Not about him.”
“Your ex?”
Her shoulders fall. “How much do you know?”
I fold my hands on top of the table and come clean. “I know everything.”
She looks away and purses her lips.
“Hey.” I reach across the table and place my hand over hers. When she turns and looks into my eyes, the muscles in my chest tighten. “John is all over it. I know he’s as old as dirt. I think he might have even sat beside Moses in first grade.” I pause, enjoying her sudden amusement. “But nobody is better when it comes to security. He’ll make sure you’re safe.”
She nods. “Sometimes I just get this eerie feeling… like I’m sensing the onset of impending doom.”
“Well… that’s a little dramatic. I push her plate back in front of her. You need to eat.”
“I’ve had no appetite since he called.”
As soon as she says it, I sense her anxiety.
“Who called?”
She ignores me. But I’m not going to let it go. “Olivia? Has your ex been in touch with you?” She shakes her head, but I don’t believe her. I hold out my hand. “Give me your phone.”
“Why?” she asks suspiciously, as she passes it to me. “You won’t find his number in there.”
“I’m not checking your call history.” I quickly punch in my phone number and wait until my phone starts to vibrate. “There. Now you have my number, and I have yours. If you need me, you call me. I promise you, I’ll look after you. Whatever it takes.”
She gets that look like there’s something she wants to say to me. There’s a long awkward pause. “Carter, do you ever get the feeling like your living the same life over again?”
Before I can answer, my phone vibrates. The delivery guy is waiting at the restaurant. I look up at her with regret. “I need to go.”
“Me too. Lunch is over.”
I watch as the waitress clears her barely touched sandwich from the table. “Are you good?”
“Yes.”
“A bird eats more than you.”
She shrugs and picks up her purse. Ethan better address this issue, or I’ll tend to it myself. I’ll send him a message later.
I walk her to her car and lock her in. I peruse the parking lot to make sure there’s nobody lurking, but I still get an uneasy feeling as she pulls out onto the road. I’d follow her back to work myself, but if I miss this delivery, Scott will throttle me. 

I spend the rest of the day working on my business plans until I can’t see straight any longer.
I lay awake, staring at the city lights through my bedroom window. I wish I weren’t so worried about her, but I’m not convinced she’s safe. At three in the morning, my phone rings.
“I shouldn’t have called this late,” she says quietly.
I laugh once. “I wasn’t sleeping.”
“I kind of had a feeling.”
“So why are you awake?” I ask, wondering if she’s having the same dreams.
“Nightmares.”
I sit up and turn on the bedside lamp. “Where’s O’Connell?”
“He stayed in Toronto tonight. He’s busy.”
“Do you want me to come over?” I have no idea how I’d explain that to Ethan, but I’ll figure it out later.
“No. I’m okay.”
“It’s no problem. I can be there in less than an hour.” I move to the side of the bed.
“I don’t want you to come all this way. I just thought… maybe you could…”
She pauses so I ask. “Maybe I could, what?”
“Would you mind just talking to me for a little while?”
I feel like I want to get in the car and go anyway, but I know it would only make things more complicated for both of us. It’s better if I just stay put. “Of course, anything for you.”



I don’t feel much like going into the office for the next few days. It’s probably a better idea for me to lay low right now, anyway. I’ve had a few really late nights. I yawn as I sit at the desk in my hotel, doing research on historical Ireland. I’ve read countless articles and the only thing I’m taking away, is Ireland is thought to be, by many, a very magical place.
I take a break and try to finish up business, but I can barely concentrate on putting my business plan into action. It was a miracle I managed to make the presentation deadline at all. Sales targets, profit margins, and EBITDA stats are all a blurry mound of numbers, continually interrupted by thoughts of the lush green grass of the rolling hills in Ireland, and a life I long to return to. A notion that’s disturbingly odd, since I was born and raised in Australia. Most people dream of the love of their life. I dream about the love of my life… times two: Olivia and the alluring blonde. As if it’s not enough that I feel like I’m stuck in some kind of weird time warp, I constantly deal with the unyielding push and pull I feel between them.
I dial Olivia’s number.
“Hi, Carter.”
I pause, thrown off by her use of my name. I don’t know what I expected her to call me. “How are you?”
“I’m okay.”
“That’s not what I heard. Rumor has it that you passed out at dinner last night.”
She curses like a foul-mouthed frat boy and brings me up to date. I don’t like what I hear about what’s gone down in the past few days. “So you told him you loved him and he doesn’t remember,” I summarize.
“Pretty much.”
“I see. And now you’re going to torture him, but he has no idea why.”
“Right again.”
Past and present suddenly blend together, and I become disoriented. “Like the time he ruined your surprise birthday plans by working late at the stable.” The moment I say it, I realize what I’ve done. In the awkward moment of silence that follows, I keep my mouth shut. If I try to explain myself, it’ll definitely make it even weirder than it is. I need to get her off the phone before she asks any questions. “I have to go. Promise me you’ll take care of yourself and don’t be too hard on him.”
“Carter,” she begins. I pretend I don’t hear her and hang up the phone. Now I’m feeling anxious, and I’m wishing I’d taken Ethan up on his earlier offer to go a few rounds at the gym. Maybe kicking his ass would help settle the turmoil inside me. Instead, I’ll just stay in my hotel room, do some push-ups and try to burn off some of this energy. I’m just finishing up my last repetition when there’s a loud pounding on the hotel door. I knew that sooner or later, he’d figure out I’m avoiding him.
“Open the door, you dick, I know you’re in there,” Ethan says, as he bangs again, impatiently.
I wipe the sweat from my brow with a towel and take a leisurely walk to the door. He can bloody well wait. When he hears the click of the deadbolt, he pushes the door open and shoulders past me, knocking me to the side.
“Are you alone?” He looks around the room and turns, waiting for an explanation.
“Yes.” I have half a mind to call security and have him thrown out, but I doubt that’s possible since he owns the hotel.
“What took you so long to answer the door?”
“What are you doing here?” I ask, not hiding my aggravation.
“I came to see what the fuck is wrong with you.”
I think about it a minute. “Nothing is wrong.” Nothing I’m eager to share with him, that’s for sure.
“Really?” He raises his brow. “It’s not like you to pass on an opportunity to take a few swings at me.” He sits in the chair at the desk by the window and crosses his feet at the ankle. “I’m not leaving until you tell me what’s going on.”
I glance at John’s folder on the desk and hope to hell he doesn’t notice it. I might as well give in since it’s not in his nature to let anything go, and I really would like to get him out of here. “Let me get my shoes on,” I sigh. “We can go down to the pub for a beer.”

I’m two beers in, and I still can’t bring myself to tell Ethan I’ve met Olivia in my dreams. Even I’ve wondered if I’m losing my mind. I consider all the possible outcomes of the conversation where I tell him I think I’m in love with her, and every one of them ends in Ethan blowing an Irish gasket.
I do my best to avoid any questions that would lead to further interrogation, and he’s frustrated with my behavior. I can tell. A woman, sitting at a corner table on the other side of the bar captures my attention. I can’t seem to take my eyes off her. The shadows mask her identity, but I’ve seen her somewhere before. Hmmm. That seems to be the new thing with me.
While Ethan continues to give me an ear-bashing, the bartender turns the lights up, and I look past him to see what she’s doing. Even from across the bar, her raspberry lips look soft and delicious. They’re nothing in comparison to the intense blue of her eyes. I’ve seen those eyes before. It isn’t until I see her flash a disapproving look at a drunken admirer that I recognize her as the woman from the coffee shop. That same feeling sizzles through my body like a spark plug trying to fire.
Growing impatient with my lack of interest, Ethan turns completely in his seat to see what has me so captivated. He whistles, “Fuck, man, is that what’s got you so twisted?”
“What? No!” I deny.
“Lying bastard.” Ethan mutters as he tips his beer glass against his lips. “Have you talked to her?”
I realize she’d be a good diversion for his questions. “What’s the point? I’m going home in a week.”
“Did you just ask me what the point is? The point is you’re still here for a week.” His brow furrows. “What the fuck is wrong with you? I seriously think you need to get laid. Apparently going a few weeks without a woman messes up your head.”
My jaw clenches. Apparently, he doesn’t know about Stacey. I pause, recalling a recent dream... or memory… or whatever the fuck they are. I quickly shake it out of my head. Once upon a time, a good fuck would take the edge off, but not at the moment. Sexual desires seem to be the root of my current affliction.
“Are you going to sulk for the rest of the week? Or are you going to talk to her?” Ethan persists.
“That depends. Are you going to be an annoying dick for the rest of the week?”
Ethan laughs out loud. “Okay, not another word, I swear.”
“Thanks, mate, I appreciate it.” I get to my feet and look around, spotting the toilet at the back of the bar. “I’ll be right back.”
I’m only halfway across the room when Ethan takes advantage of the opportunity, walking straight over to the corner table.
“Hi!” I hear her say in a friendly manner.
“Hello.” Ethan holds out his hand. “Ethan O’Connell.”
“Katherine Ryan,” she says, as she reciprocates his firm grip.
“Ah, Ryan is a good old Irish name. Are you from Ireland?” he asks with a glimmer in his eyes.
I shake my head as I disappear down the hallway. Some things never change. The few moments I’m away from them is enough time to wind myself closer to the possibility I might chuck a mental, and it won’t be pretty.
When I return, she watches me pass on the way to the bar.
“Australia? No kidding?” I hear her say to Ethan. She lets out a small sweet laugh, and for a brief moment, my heart stalls.
Ethan hands her a pen, and she turns over what looks like his business card and writes something on it. He grins when she hands it to him.
I glare at them from across the room. She senses my stare and looks over. There’s something in her eyes that’s beyond sensual; it’s erotic. Somehow, I know she’s hiding some very dark, naughty desires.
Ethan has never been able to resist a beautiful woman, but this is too much. What a dickhead. I can’t watch anymore. I turn in my seat and watch the bubbles in my beer float to the top of the glass instead. He certainly doesn’t deserve Olivia. My leg jiggles anxiously on the rung of the barstool. I’ll kill him if he does anything to break her heart. Repeatedly tapping the drink coaster on the edge of the bar, I’m trying really hard not to lose my mind. “Fuck the friendship!” I slam the coaster down hard and get to my feet. When I turn, I nearly bump into him.
“Whoa! Relax, buddy. It looks like that vein in your forehead is about to explode.”
“What the fuck, Ethan?”
“Now, don’t jump to conclusions, Brant. I did it for you.” Ethan hands me the business card. “In case you change your mind.”
I glance down at her name and struggle to think of why it seems familiar to me. “Kate Ryan.”
“She was asking questions about you,” Ethan continues. “She said she’s here on an extended work project, and maybe you could keep each other company next week.”
I look across the room as she gets to her feet. She’s truly a beautiful woman, with soft, feminine curves to her body. I’m guessing she’s close to five foot eleven in those heels, ideal kissing height for me. I become fixated on her. She bears a striking resemblance to a woman in a dream I had some time ago. I’m vaguely aware Ethan is still talking.
“She said she’s seen you here every night this week and was hoping you would have said hello.”
I mumble excuses as I settle up the bar tab and slide her card into my wallet. I decide I should say hello to her, and keep Ethan off my back for a while, but when I turn, she’s gone. I think I might feel disappointed.

Walking back to the hotel, O’Connell doesn’t shut his yap for a minute. I’m tired of listening to him. “Do you ever get tired of hearing your own voice?” I ask.
“Not usually.”
“Apparently. I don’t even know why you need to be in a relationship with a woman. You talk to yourself and answer your own questions,” I jest.
“I usually have the best suggestions. Besides, Olivia has an objection to being in a relationship.”
Now that sparks my curiosity. “Oh?”
“Yeah,” he answers, looking displeased. “She says she doesn’t want to be in a monogamous relationship.”
“You mean she wants to see other people?” Is the man absolutely nuts? A beautiful, intelligent, amazing woman like Olivia James, and he’s not staking his claim? I’d claim her for my own in a minute and make sure there’d be no misunderstanding who she belonged to.
Olivia is one of those girls you come across once in a lifetime: the kind you marry, have babies with and grow old together. You’d have to be a complete idiot to let one of those girls slip through your fingers.
Ethan shakes his head in frustration. “She’s still a little freaked out, Carter. She’s just learning how to trust again. I only made it worse the other night.”
“Are you kidding me, mate? You agreed to a noncommitted relationship? YOU? Didn’t you insist that the girls you brought back to the flat gave you their total submission and agreed to complete exclusivity to you? Except for those girls you and Reese…” I stop, deciding it’s wise to refrain from finishing my sentence. Ethan looks absolutely pissed off.
“Things have changed since university. And for the record, I am in complete control of my relationship,” Ethan assures me.
I laugh. “You’re fucked, mate. I’ve met Olivia.”
He gives me an annoyed look. “She’s not the kind of girl to be dominated in all areas of her life, Carter. I don’t think I would love her so much if she were. Trust me when I tell you she submits in the bedroom. It’s the one area she does allow me complete control.”
“Obviously that’s the place you still need it.”
“She can call it a noncommitted relationship if she wants,” he argues. “It’s completely irrelevant since I have no intention of seeing any other girls.”
I shake my head. How can such a brilliant man be so daft? “Have you considered the agreement also gives her permission to see other guys, and there’s nothing you can do about it if she does?”
“Oh, there’s plenty I can do about it,” he says confidently.
“If she were my girl, I’d already have a ring on that finger. Are you willing to share her, mate?”
His face turns red as his anger starts to boil to the surface. “Fuck, no!”
“That’s what I thought. Think about it, Ethan. Once again, you’ve left the door wide open for assholes like Reese to get a foot in.”
That comment obviously cuts straight into his heart. “Fuck you, Brant!”
I stop in my tracks and turn to face him. “Sorry. But you needed to hear it. I told you the other night, she loves you. Get your shit sorted out, treat her right, and don’t fuck it up because there will always be some prick waiting for a chance with a girl like Olivia.”



I hate these ridiculous social gatherings. The only thing worse than the mutilated melodies the town orchestra calls music is the irritating sound of Seán’s voice. I’ve moved away from him twice, but he hasn’t gotten the hint. I settle in a spot against the wall, across from the door so I can watch for my brother. The daft redhead follows me and continues with his nonsense. I’m about to tell him to stifle his shit when I glance over his shoulder and see her.
I swallow hard, and my voice abandons me. Even from across the room, Elizabeth O’Connor’s smile is capable of stopping my heart. I’ve always thought my brother’s girl is a beautiful woman, but tonight she’s absolutely taken my breath away. Seán stops mid-sentence and turns to see what’s captured my attention.
“Now, there’s a girl I’ll be dancing with tonight,” Seán says, with a repulsive smile.
I can’t take my eyes off her. I follow her every move as she makes her way around the room. I give my head a small shake, trying to rid myself of unwanted thoughts. “I can’t see Owen letting you get anywhere near her,” I scoff.
Seán looks around the room. “He isn’t even here.”
“He’ll be here,” I assure him. “Father made him stay back to do chores.” I offered to help, but father said no. I know better than to cross him.
“The old man sure is a lot tougher on Owen.”
“I don’t get it.” I shrug, feeling guilty. “Owen goes out of his way to please father; much more than I do. It just never seems to be enough for him.”
“My pa says, Owen’s real father is the man that used to work on the horse farm.
I clench my jaws. It’s not the first time I’ve heard that rumor. I work hard at not letting it get to me. Seán’s distracted me too long, making me lose track of her. I ignore his comment and desperately search for her in the crowd. When I find her, she’s engaged in a very passionate kiss. Angst washes over me. I’m not quite sure when my brother arrived, but I’m glad Elizabeth is no longer unescorted. Watching over her in his absence would be a painful task, this evening.
She wipes her lipstick from his lips, and I wish they were mine. Owen takes her hand and gently pulls her on to the dance floor. She hesitates at first, taking small slow steps. Watching her amuses me. I’m sure letting go of control and allowing Owen to partner her is probably driving her over the edge right now.
Her dress sways sensually around her as he guides her across the room. Seán whistles, reminding me he’s still there. “You know,” he begins, glancing over at me. “If she were my girl, she wouldn’t be walking around, unescorted. She’d be home looking after all the kids we’d have.”
I quickly correct him, feeling annoyed. “Well, she’s not you’re girl, Seán.”
“She could be,” he justifies, watching Owen glide her across the dance floor. “Think of the beautiful children we’d have. How happy I’d make her,” Seán brags.
I feel the tension start to tighten in my muscles. I can’t hold my tongue any longer. “Well, that’s hilarious, Seán. Since the girl kicked your arse the first day of school.”
“She just needs a firm hand, that’s all,” he says defensively. “To be honest with you, Jamison… I don’t think your brother has what it takes to control her. In fact, when he leaves for his fancy medical school, I think I’ll take it upon myself to court Elizabeth O’Connor. I’ll teach her what her body is for, and how to properly serve a man.”
“Shut the fuck up!” The nerve in my temple begins to pulse.
“Look at those luscious lips,” Seán says, with a vile smirk. “Every time she showed me disrespect, I’d teach her a lesson. She’d soon learn her place and what her insolent mouth should be used for.”
Fire flashes through my veins, “Don’t you ever talk about her like that again,” I warn through gritted teeth.
“Trust me,” Seán says, indiscreetly adjusting himself. “Eventually, she’d learn to enjoy sucking my ...”
Blind rage takes over, and my fist flies through the air, landing on Seán’s jaw with a powerful force. Screaming women scurry out of the way. He picks himself up off the floor and throws himself at me. Tackling me with his full body weight, he knocks me backward several feet. Strong hands grab his shoulders from behind and pull him off me.
“I can look after myself,” I yell at my brother, as he drags the redheaded asshole away in a chokehold.
“I can see that,” he says sarcastically. Seán struggles and breaks away, taking another swing at me. I duck and quickly step to the side. Big burly farmhands step in to break it up, and before I know it, Owen and I are being escorted out of the building by the scruff of the neck. I stumble as I receive a firm push out the door and into the night.
Owen reaches out to steady me, and I push him away. “I said I don’t need your help.”
He holds his hands in the air in defeat. “Okay.” He pulls a hankie out of his pocket and hands it to me. “Here, your nose is bleeding.”
I don’t really care if it’s bleeding or not, all I can think about right now is that she’s in there alone with that asshole. I try to shoulder past the largest man I’ve ever seen, who’s guarding the door, but I’m not getting past him. I begin to protest loudly when the door swings open and Elizabeth joins us outside. She looks at me sympathetically and reaches out to touch my arm. Time stands still when our eyes connect, and energy passes between us. I’m convinced she must have feelings for me; I can sense it.
“Go back inside,” Owen instructs her. “It’s cold out here. There’s no reason for you to leave. Stay, and have a good time.”
“I’m not staying here alone,” she insists.
“I’m sorry, Liz,” I say, feeling horrible I’ve ruined her evening.
She shrugs and gives me a smile that makes my insides churn upside down. “That’s okay. I’m not a very good dancer anyway.”
“Is there any point in me arguing with you about staying?” Owen asks curiously.
“None at all,” she says, assuredly.
“What got into you anyway?” He swats me in the back of the head. “Since when do you let that arsehole, O’Reilly, get to you?”
Thunder rolls in the distance. I look between them, feeling ashamed. Looking up at the cloud-covered moon, I quickly change the topic. “We better get her home before it rains.”
The clouds hide the moonlight, making it a long, dark walk. I know from the feel of the air, we aren’t going to make it home. The wind picks up as the rain begins to fall in torrential streams. Only a few moments exist between the lightning strikes that brighten the sky. Elizabeth jumps and grabs for Owen’s hand. He tries to screen her from the rain, but within seconds, we’re all soaked to the bone. She shivers uncontrollably. I curse, angry with myself for not keeping her safe and warm. Over the echoing crack of thunder, I try to get my brother’s attention. “We need to get her out of the rain,” I yell over the gusting wind. “We’re close to the old cabin by the river. I think we should head there for shelter.”
Looking around at their surroundings, Owen agrees. Heading off the pathway, we make our way through the heavily wooded area toward the river. The trees provide some protection from the driving force of the rain. Before long, the abandoned wooden shack Owen and I found during a fishing trip comes into view.
My muscles are tired and cramped up from the cold. It takes every ounce of energy I have left to push open the door, so I can get Liz out of the storm. Not much has changed since the last time I was in this rundown cabin, but at least we’re dry here. “I’ll get a fire started.” I walk toward the hearth, bumping into my brother in the dark. “You get her out of those wet clothes and try to get her warmed up.”
Owen chuckles, as Elizabeth stands erect, her arms crossed angrily in front of her, “Excuse me, Liam Jamison? I’m perfectly capable of looking after myself. I don’t need your brother’s help.”
Bloody woman is always arguing with me. She’s going to catch pneumonia and die if she doesn’t get out of those wet clothes. Even with all the money Father has to buy medicine, it might not save her. Why can’t she just do what she’s told? How hard is that? I establish eye contact with Owen, and he knows my unexpressed thoughts.
“Don’t worry, Brother,” Owen says, as he lights what’s left of the wax candle stubs. “I’ll look after it.”
Elizabeth gives him an unimpressed eyebrow.
Placing his hand firmly on her back, he ushers her toward a small room and holds back the blanket that’s nailed to the doorway.
They seem to be gone forever. I keep myself busy with the fire and try to ignore the giggling and whispers from the other room. I park my ass on a very uncomfortable wooden chair next to the hearth and try to take the chill off. When they return, Elizabeth is holding up a pair of pants that are three times too large for her. I’d make a comment, but it wouldn’t go well for me. She doesn’t always get my sense of humor. It’s earned me a few hard wallops in the arm over the past year.
Owen strips off his wet shirt, laying it out to dry in front of the blazing fire. Elizabeth stares at his broad shoulders and muscular chest. I struggle with jealous feelings when he sits beside her and pulls her into his arms. That should be me. I’m not entirely sure when it was that I fell in love with her, but it doesn’t matter. Her heart belongs to my brother.
The fire crackles and roars; when she finally drifts off to sleep in his arms, he carries her to the only bedroom and then returns to the lumpy sofa beside me. At least he’s that much of a gentleman. Exhaustion takes over, and as the room quickly warms from the fire, my eyes become heavy, and I’m soon sound asleep. I’m awoken by a strange thumping noise, and I lift my head to see the silhouette of my brother hopping into the room with only one leg in his pants. I can’t believe he’s going in there. Anxiety prickles through my body and I can’t stand it any longer. I’m going to haul his ass out of the room, and then tell her how I feel about her.
I stand outside the door with my hand on the blanket, prepared to pull it to the side and pronounce my love. Instead, I wait, listening to the conversation between them and looking for the right time to interrupt. How do I deny my brother his true love? Then a thought gets stuck in my head. What if I’ve been imagining the chemistry between us and she doesn’t have feelings for me? What then? My brother still gets the girl, and I would live a lonely life of misery and endless awkward Christmas dinners. That’s if they ever spoke to me again.
“Owen, I want to,” I hear her whisper.
He’s my brother. Despite the rumors that suggest otherwise. I love him, and I’d do anything for him. I let my hands drop to my side and take several deep breaths before heading to the couch where he was sleeping. I settle into the dips in the cushions and try to get comfortable. I might as well; he won’t be returning to this couch tonight.



All day long I’ve been haunted by the dream I had this morning. I leave work on time, for a change, to meet John and Shannon for dinner. O’Connell has something going on tonight, and he’s not very forthcoming with his plans. I could use a break from him about now anyway. I get an eerie feeling when I enter the underground parking garage at the hotel. I give up on finding a spot near the entrance, so I park in the first spot I find and reach down for my phone. The hair on the back of my neck stands on end when I look up to find an elderly woman standing at the hood of the rental car.
“It’s a difficult decision,” she says watching me.
I reluctantly get out and quickly lock the door. “What is?” I study her long silver hair and frail body. I’m sure we’ve never met, but there’s something familiar about her.
“You have to let him have her. In this life, she’s not your destiny.”
We stare at each other for a very long time, remaining silent. As if my life couldn’t get any stranger, I nod, acknowledging her message. Now I know I’m out of my mind.
A loud honking distracts me, and I turn to see what’s going on. It appears this woman may have some answers to the million questions that have been rolling through my mind. “Why am I having these dreams?” I turn and find myself alone. Baffled, I scratch my head. Great, now I’m hallucinating too?

I’m starting to feel anxious… edgy. The hotel elevator is taking way too long. Slowly, the doors begin to open, and I impatiently push them apart to get inside. On the other side, a woman stands in the doorway, waiting to exit. Her sapphire blue eyes stop me in my tracks. Strange how our paths keep crossing.
“Excuse me,” Kate says annoyed.
I shake my head, snapping myself out of it. “Sorry.” Feeling like an asshole, I step to the side and press my hand against the heavy elevator door to keep it from closing. She murmurs something about the rudeness of foreigners as she exits and her shoulder brushes against my chest. Normally that kind of comment would bother me, and I’d have a sarcastic comeback, but I breathe in her perfume, and it calms me. I have a very acute sense of smell, and I’m intrigued. All the way to the penthouse, her perfume accompanies me. It’s like vanilla cupcakes with a very subtle hint of jasmine… and if I’m not mistaken, kiwi.

It’s odd not being harassed by O’Connell every twenty minutes. I wonder what he’s up to. The only other time there was complete radio silence between us was the night of all the allegations by his psycho ex-girlfriend.
The new marquee catches my eye as I pull in. Why in God’s name he called it Ireland’s, I’ll never know. It’s kind of cheesy, and O’Connell usually has superlative taste and judgment.
Speaking of Ireland… I check for any updates on the arrival of our chums coming for the grand opening. Ethan has asked them to play a few sets of authentic Irish tunes to celebrate his newest restaurant. They’re a rather crass bunch, so I keep my interactions with them to a minimum whenever possible, but they’re going to be here for the entire week, so I know I can’t avoid them.
John and Shannon keep me waiting at the restaurant, giving me time to catch up on all the news back home. Australia, I mean. Not Ireland. Though Ireland is clearly the home in my dreams with her.
 “Sorry we’re late,” John announces, as he pulls out a chair for Shannon to sit.
“About bloody time. What was the holdup?” I look up from my phone and know exactly why they’re late. Her face flushes pink, and she can’t look me in the eye. John tries to hide a satisfied grin.
I try my hardest not to talk about him, but the conversation always comes back around to O’Connell. John has no idea what he’s up to tonight either, and since Scott was the only person he included in the secret plans, we decide we’re going to ignore his SOS requests for backup. I laugh at his last plea for help and shut off my phone. “Scott’s hidden O’Connell’s keys.”
“That can’t be good,” John adds, scrolling through his list of missed calls.
“It’s good for us. We don’t have to deal with him for a change.”
John raises his brow. “Remember last time I wasn’t around when he was drinking?”
“Scott can babysit him this time.”
John gives Shannon a worried look. “He’s right,” she assures him. “Scott can deal with him for a change. You deserve a night off.”
A few too many drinks later, by Shannon’s calculations, she demands my keys. I hate bossy women. I prefer my women much more on the submissive side. After too much discussion, in my opinion, John decides we’ll head over to O’Connell’s restaurant for a nightcap or two. This has very little to do with having a few more drinks. It’s all about McCabe wanting to make sure O’Connell has stayed in line. The poor old guy probably won’t sleep unless he checks in on him. Can’t say that I blame him, I guess. The last time he left him unsupervised, he made the biggest ‘career ending’ mistake of his life. I never liked Jessica, but I didn’t think Ethan loved her enough to do the things he’s being accused of. He could have any woman he wanted with that arrogant Irish accent and swagger. The Ethan O’Connell I know would have walked away and moved on. I don’t understand how he has absolutely no recollection of the evening. I’ve seen the bloke completely hammered and still remember the name of every girl he shagged in university.

Sitting in the back seat of John’s car, my knees press uncomfortably into the back of Shannon’s seat. I should have taken an Uber.
I begin to curse when John’s phone rings, for what I estimate to be at least the tenth time. “The fucker just doesn’t know when to stop.” I’m in the middle of an angry rant when John shouts my name, trying to get my attention. Shocked, I stop and wait for him to speak.
“It’s Olivia.”
“You better answer it,” Shannon says concerned. “If she’s calling, then something’s wrong.”
She’s right, something is wrong. I can sense it. “Hurry up and answer it before she hangs up,” I say, as I release my seat belt and move to the edge of the seat.
He glances over his shoulder at me. “Do you mind?” I slide back in my seat as he connects the hands-free call. “McCabe.”
“Hi, John,” she says in a soft tone.
“Hi, Olivia. It’s getting late, is everything okay?”
“I’m sorry, John. You’re trying to spend time with Shannon tonight. I’ll be fine.”
“Don’t let her hang up,” I shout from the back of the car.
John glances at me in the rearview mirror and furrows his brow.
“Wait!” he says to Olivia, sternly. “Don’t hang up. You’re not interrupting anything. Tell me what’s going on.”
“O’Connell and I had a fight, and I walked out…”
I knew it!
“And well, I kept walking, and now I don’t know where I am,” she sighs heavily.
“Well, that explains why Ethan has called eighteen times in the last half an hour,” John says calmly.
“I’m starting to freak out a little. I keep hearing things, and I think someone is following me. Do you think it’s Ethan?”
“There’s no way Scott gave him back his keys,” I add from the back seat.
A look of concern washes over John. “Can you tell me anything about where you are? A street name would be helpful.”
“I don’t see any signs and it’s really dark, I was just so upset I kept walking…”
I can’t stand it; I’m going to lose my shit if we don’t get to her, right now!
“I have no idea how I even got here,” she rambles nervously.
John, as always, remains calm and in control. “Okay, listen to me. I’m going to drive in that direction. Don’t walk any farther. Just stay put. If you see anything, a street sign, the name of a business… call me right back. Don’t worry, we’ll be there shortly.”
I fidget nervously. “For fuck’s sake, McCabe. Can you drive any slower? Put the hammer down, man. This is not the time to have a senior moment!”
I take out my phone and dial her number.
“Olivia, it’s Carter.”
“Carter!”
“Are you okay?” I’m no John McCabe, but I try to keep my cool. I read all John’s research on her piece of shit ex-boyfriend, so I know what kind of danger she could be in.
“Carter, I keep hearing footsteps, like I’m being followed. I think someone is hiding in the shadows,” she says quietly into the phone.
“Listen, I’m with John and Shannon.”
“I know. It was kind of hard not to hear you a few minutes ago.” She lets out a small laugh.
“I want you to do something for me. Walk in the direction where you started from. Just keep walking, okay? I’m going to stay on the phone with you until we find you.” I’m concerned. Beyond concerned. I know the kind of lowlife scum that skulks around in dark alleys. “The minute you see a street sign or something, you let me know.”
“Okay. But John said to stay put.”
“We’ve rethought that plan.”
“You rethought that plan,” Shannon corrects.
I wave her off and keep talking. “Talk to me while you’re walking. Tell me what happened.”
She lets out a deep breath. “Stupid stuff, really. Ethan was mad because I wouldn’t agree to a committed relationship, so he asked one of his coworkers out on a date.”
“He did what?” I feel my face turn red, and I know there’s little I can do to hide the anger in my voice. “You’re messing with me, right? Tell me it wasn’t that nasty tramp from reception,” I demand, agitated.
“I wish I was joking. It was Hannah.”
I feel the tension wind tightly throughout my body. I’m not even sure I can relax my jaw enough to speak. “I see. Have you passed any street signs yet?”
“No, but I see headlights coming toward me.”
“Hang on.” I hold my phone away from my ear and search for her in the approaching darkness. I bump John as I reach for the switch on the dashboard.
“What the hell are you doing?” he asks me, annoyed.
“Flash the lights. She thinks she see’s us.”
“I can see you, Carter! I’m just up ahead, on the right.”
John screeches to a halt and then jumps out of the car, while I pry my legs out from behind Shannon’s seat.
Before I can even get out of the car, John surveys the area for assailants and is on his way to check the alleyways. Old habits never die for some men. He might be ancient, but the old military boy still has some skills left in him.
I rush toward Olivia, giving her the once-over. My heart is pounding in my chest right now. “Are you okay? Are you hurt or anything?”
“I’m fine, Carter.”
I cock my head to the side, giving her a look of disbelief.
“My feet hurt.” She looks away from me, trying to deflect. I know how frightened she really is. Every emotion this girl has runs through my veins as if they were my own. Unconvinced, I raise my brow and wait.
She sighs. “I’m okay, Carter. Really. I’m just a little freaked out.”
I pull her closer and wrap my arms around her body, holding her against my chest. I don’t know what possesses me, but I press my lips to the top of her head. “Thank Christ we found you so quickly. We were on our way to the restaurant to have a few drinks when you called.” She holds on to me for a long while; her breath warms my chest. I like it. I’ve dreamt about it. I’ve longed to feel her body against mine… again… for real.
I begin to think about the things the silver-haired woman said. In this life, she’s not mine. There’s no denying that Olivia and I had an instant connection the moment we met. I know she feels it too. I can see it in her eyes. There’s something there; more than friendship. A past love. I won’t act on it, out of respect for Ethan, because that’s the kind of man I was raised to be: strong, true, and loyal, right down to my core. But if Ethan fucks things up, well that’s a completely different story.
Olivia trembles in my arms. “Come on then.” I take off my jacket and wrap it around her shoulders. “Let’s get you in the car and take you home.”
She responds to my authoritative tone, and it flips a switch inside my brain. My body starts to tense and respond. I slide beside her in the back seat and pull her close, hoping that she doesn’t notice the bulging in my trousers. Or maybe I hope she does.
Shannon turns in the front seat and frowns. “Are you okay, Sweetie?” she asks Olivia.
“I just want to go home.”
“Of course, we’ll take you.” She glances over at John, who nods in agreement. “You know what?” Turning back to Olivia, Shannon gives her a sympathetic smile. “Why don’t I stay with you tonight? The boys are booked solid tomorrow, and I’ll be bored to death. You promised to go dress shopping with me.”
“That’s a really good idea,” John says. “You two can eat ice cream, spend money, and talk about what arseholes we are. I’m sure you’ll feel much better after that.”
“Hey,” I object. “Speak for yourself, mate.”
Shannon takes Olivia’s silence as acceptance, “It’s settled then. I’ll stay with you.”
There’s an unbearable tension in the car when John’s phone rings. He decides not to answer the call through the hands-free speaker system. Instead, he picks it up and holds it to his ear. We all know who it is. “Ethan.” He holds the phone several inches away from his ear, wincing at the loud screaming. “Ethan, stop screaming and listen to me. ETHAN!”
Now I’m tensing up for completely different reasons. “Let me talk to him,” I demand from the back seat. When John ignores me, I undo my seat belt and sit forward so I can hear better.
“Olivia is safe. I have her here with me. Shannon is going to stay with her overnight,” he continues.
“I’m going to meet you there.” I hear Ethan slur.
“Not a chance, Boss!” McCabe insists. “Scott isn’t going to give you back your keys, Ethan, so leave him alone. Carter and I are going to pick you up in about ten minutes. Lay off the scotch.”
In the dull glow of the passing streetlights, I can see the tears begin to stream down Olivia’s cheeks. She’s struggling to maintain her composure. The sight of it is like a sharp knife to my chest. Despite Shannon’s assurance that she’s got things under control, I walk them to the door. I pause on the landing, outside the open window, long enough to hear her break down into a hard sob.
The sound of it energizes me like a lightning strike. On the way to the restaurant, angry energy surges through my bloodstream, looking for an outlet. John’s car hasn’t even come to a complete stop when I open the door and jump out.
“Carter!” he yells, knowing me all too well. “Don’t do it!” I hear him curse, but I don’t give a fuck. I push myself through the crowded bar until I find O’Connell.
I call out his name, and he slowly turns toward me. Before he has a chance to say a word, I swing, hitting him in the jaw with such a powerful right cross that he stumbles back. He looks at me completely stunned and lifts his hand to wipe a small trickle of blood from his lip.
Stepping forward, I poke my finger angrily into his chest. “I told you to take care of her!” I yell. “Treat her right, is what I said!”
“Carter,” he begins.
“Don’t interrupt me, O’Connell. Is taking the office whore on a date your idea of treating her right?”
“I made a mistake,” he says regretfully, rubbing his jaw.
“Olivia loves you! You should be on your fucking knees worshipping her every chance you get!”
I can’t contain the rage inside me. It’s boiling to the point where I’m going to completely lose my shit. Every muscle in my body is taut and ready. McCabe’s hand grips my shoulder from behind, firmly holding me in place. It’s going to take military experience to stop me from giving Ethan the ass-kicking he deserves. I shake my head. “You don’t deserve her, O’Connell!”
Scott stands guard at Ethan’s side, with his arm firmly pressed across his chest, holding him back and encouraging him not to react.
“Okay, Carter, that’s enough,” John’s authoritative voice commands. “Go wait out in the car.”
“Fuck that.” I’m still furious and tempted to get another good shot in. John gives me a knowing look and nods his head toward the door. It’s so infuriating. I hesitate before I turn on my heel, shaking my bruised hand.
“I deserved that,” I hear Ethan say as I walk away.
“Bloody right, you did,” I answer, agitated. “And you’ll get another one if you ever do anything that fucking stupid again.” I’m flanked on all sides by restaurant security, making sure I find my way out. One of them places his hand on my back and guides me to the door. I clench my jaw and flash him an unimpressed look. He quickly holds his hands up in the air, acknowledging my aggravation. Believe me, it’s best he doesn’t press his luck right now.



I toss and turn the entire evening. When I finally drift off into a deep, uninterrupted sleep, I dream. This isn’t like the other dreams I’ve had. I feel at peace. I feel loved.
Under the shade of a large willow tree, I seek shelter from the hot midsummer sun. I lay my head comfortably in the lap of a woman with ocean blue eyes. Her skin is as white and delicate as her name. She smells like vanilla and citrus. It’s a very soothing scent. I reach up and stroke my fingertips through the curls of her golden blonde hair. She smiles, presses a kiss to the end of her finger, and then traces my lips.
I want this dream to last, but I wake too soon and feel disappointed at the loss of that feeling. I want to spend more time with this woman. As I go about my morning routine, the memory of her fades, and my mind once again becomes consumed with last night’s events.
When Griff messages me to tell me they’re on the ground in Toronto and looking for me to meet them for a few drinks, I decline. I give him the Cliff Notes version of Ethan’s current relationship disaster and come up with an excuse for not joining them.
The more I think about it, the more worked up I get. I pace the floor of my hotel room, feeling extremely agitated. I toss a pair of jeans onto the pile of dirty clothes, and something catches my eye. A small scrap of paper; intentionally tucked under the corner of the lamp to keep it in place. I place my finger on it and slide it into view.
Now that’s interesting. I scratch my head. I had no idea she left me her number, and I’ll admit at the moment, it’s awfully tempting. Thinking twice about it, I crumple it into a ball and toss it into the rubbish.
I look at my watch at least a dozen times, but it doesn’t help the time pass any faster. Halfway through my third bowl of cereal, I head to the living area to see what’s on the telly. The minute I lie down on the couch, my eyes close; I dream about Ireland and the woman with the daunting blue eyes. The next thing I know, I find myself in the bedroom retrieving the crumpled paper from the trash.

It only takes me a few minutes to walk the four blocks to Stacey’s apartment. I knock on the door, grateful she’s not the kind of girl who wants to be wined, dined, or romanced. I know exactly what she wants, and I intend to give it to her. The door hasn’t even completely closed yet, and she’s tugging at my belt, trying to get it undone. I appreciate her enthusiasm. Lifting her effortlessly, I carry her down the hall with no idea where I’m going.
“Bedroom?” I growl.
“Next door on the right.”
I push it open with my shoulder and toss her onto the bed.
She wastes no time, stripping her dress off over her head. I smile. I’ve always been a fan of red lace. At the moment, I’d be a fan of seeing it on the floor. I grab the edges to pull them down, and she stops my hands.
“Use your teeth.”
I nip at her skin, making her squeal. This game is taking too long. My cock is hard, and I want inside her. I toss her panties to the floor and crawl over top of her. The bright screen of my cell phone illuminates the floor, as it rings in the pocket of my discarded trousers.
I look down at the floor, tempted to answer it. Stacey runs her fingers through my hair and pulls my mouth to hers. The warmth of her lips and the playful exploration of her tongue distracts me. Until it rings again. I pause. Something tells me that I need to answer it.
“Are you kidding me?” Stacey complains as I get to my feet.
I grab for it quickly. “Hello?”
“Mr. Carter. It’s me, George.”
There’s only one reason George calls. “Is everything okay?”
“No. Everything is not okay.”
“Why does that not surprise me?”
Stacey wiggles herself to the side of the bed and guides my cock into her mouth. I almost drop my phone. The girl apparently has no gag reflex at all. “What has he done this time, George?”
“It’s Miss Olivia.”
Hearing her name catches me by surprise, and I immediately take a step back, pulling myself out of Stacey’s mouth.
“What about her?” I ask concerned.
“She came in here a few hours ago. Upset. I’m worried, Mr. Carter. We only served her a couple of drinks, but she is very drunk. She’s not herself. The men here, they are not so nice. They will take advantage of a beautiful girl.”
I already have one leg back into my pants.
“We tried to call Mr. O’Connell, but he’s not answering.”
“You’re leaving?” Stacey says angrily.
“Sorry, I have to. It’s an emergency.” I pull my shirt back over my head and put the phone back to my ear.
“Don’t let her leave, George. Stand your security guard between her and anybody that tries to get close to her. I’m on my way.
I lean over to give Stacey a quick apology kiss, but she turns her head.
“You’re an asshole.”
“I know,” I admit, as I buckle my belt. “I have to make sure she gets home safe, then I’ll come back to look after you. I promise.”
I practically sprint the several blocks to the bar. It’s quicker than waiting for an Uber. I try to call O’Connell, Parker, and McCabe on the way, but I finally give up. George is waiting outside the door, watching for me.
“Mr. Carter, it’s good you have come.”
It takes me a few seconds to catch my breath. You’d think my cardio would be better. “Where is she?”
“We’re trying to keep her in the bar where we can keep a watchful eye, but Miss Olivia, she’s a very stubborn woman.”
“Oh, I know it.” I make my way to the back of the bar.
“CARTER!” she squeals. Security catches her as she slides off the barstool and her legs turn to jelly.
“Whoa.” I hold her until she gets her feet under her. “I’ve got her,” I assure the security staff. They look to George for his approval before reluctantly leaving her in my charge.
“Here, let me help you.” I grip her hips and lift her onto the barstool. “Are you okay?”
“I can’t feel my nose.” She lifts her hand and heavily taps on her face, apparently looking for her nose. As cute as it is, it isn’t funny at all.
“Why are you here? I thought you and O’Connell were working things out?”
“Me too.” Her eyes begin to tear up. “I called to talk to him.”
“He’s out with his buddies from Ireland. They arrived tonight,” I remind her.
“I know, but I just wanted to hear his voice.” She lifts a glass to her mouth and takes a large swig. “So I called,” she continues, “and a drunk girl answered the phone.”
I raise a brow, surprised.
“She said he just took some girl upstairs to bed.”
I’m stunned. “Olivia, don’t jump to conclusions, there must be a logical explanation.”
“I don’t even care. I came down here and spent the night with my friends.” She wiggles her fingers, giving a drunken wave to a guy watching from across the room.
“I’m pretty sure none of these guys are your friends.”
“Oh, they are. That nice man there has been buying me drinks.” She lifts the glass to her mouth.
I grimace. “Jesus, what are you drinking, it smells like turpentine.” I acknowledge the douchecanoe watching her from a dark corner of the bar. Immediately, I reach up and stop her hand. “I’m positive that guy is not your friend. Let’s get you home.”
“I’m not ready to go home,” she argues. “I’m not going to waste my drink. That would be rude.”
I take it out of her hand and down the rest of it. “There.” I slam the empty glass on the bar. “Now it’s gone, and we’re leaving,” I say firmly.
I guide her to the door and out into the brisk night air. We’ve only walked about a block when I start to feel strange. What the fuck is going on?
“Carter. I don’t feel so great.”
“Me neither.” Suddenly I feel like I’m walking through an amusement park funhouse. Shapes become distorted, and my balance is off-kilter. We’re almost at the hotel lobby when Olivia collapses. I don’t know how I do it, but I pull myself together enough to lift her into my arms.
A woman rushes to open the door and holds it open. “Is she okay?” she asks concerned.
“I think someone slipped something into her drink.”
“Do you want me to call an ambulance?”
Everything is foggy, but I recognize her voice. “No. Thank you…” I pause, trying to remember her name.
“Kate,” she offers.
“I’m sorry. I’m horrible at names, but I’d never forget a beautiful woman like you.”
“How can I help?” she asks, following us to the elevator.
“I just want to get her upstairs so I can make sure she’s safe and let her sleep it off.” The elevator door closes, and I lean back against the wall to steady myself.
When I step off onto the penthouse floor, I start to feel woozy. My grip feels like it’s slipping, so I adjust her weight by tossing her over my shoulder and take her to the bedroom. “Just what the fuck was in that drink?” I wonder out loud.
She begins to giggle. I get her onto the bed, just in time, as she declares the room is starting to spin.

My phone rings and I look down to see Stacey’s number. I look at my watch, then over at Olivia. Now that she’s safe, I don’t see why I couldn’t go back and finish what I started.



Something wakes me from a sound sleep. I’m not startled awake but rather coaxed by a gentle force. I can hear her soft whimpering, and I lie a moment, waiting to see if she soothes herself back to sleep. The sound of a softly sung lullaby blends into the silence of the night. Getting to my feet, I quietly join her in the nursery. She turns and places her finger to her lips to silence me.
There is truly nothing more beautiful than the glow of a new mother when she holds her babe. “Is she okay?” I whisper concerned.
After laying the sleeping child down, she smiles at me and takes me by the hand, leading me into the hallway. Gently she pulls the door closed, pauses and listens.
“She’s fine,” she assures me, as she guides me down the hallway. “Let’s go back to bed.”
I climb in beside her and wrap my arms around her. “Your feet are cold.”
She laughs quietly. “Go to sleep.”
Some nights, it’s just not that easy. I caress my hands across her skin, trying to soothe myself. “I’ve always loved you, you know.” There’s but a split-second pause in her response, but it’s enough to cause me grief. She turns in my arms and strokes her fingertips across my cheek. “I know.”
She presses her lips against mine for a soft kiss. I return her sweet gift with a growing passion, becoming hungry for more. I want her. I need her. Her nipples become hard and rub against the bare skin of my chest. Sliding my hand under her nightie, I follow the curves of her body to her breast. I squeeze it firmly, making her moan. That quiet expression of her arousal makes me lengthen and grow harder.
I firmly push her shoulder, forcing her on her back. In seconds, I’ve discarded her panties and lower myself over her body. She welcomes me, adjusting her position for the width of my hips. Supporting my weight on strong forearms, I hover over her, staring into her beautiful hazel eyes. She groans with the first thrust, and the sound of it is almost always my undoing. I’ve waited for her my whole lifetime, and I don’t ever want it to end. I pray every day that I measure up. I have some pretty big shoes to fill.

I wake with a hard cock. I lift my head to look at the tent I’m pitching with the blanket and place my palm on my forehead. It feels like someone took an ax to my head. A feminine hand rests on my chest. She’s soft, warm, and comforting. Funny, but I don’t remember Stacey being the cuddling type. She sighs and runs her hand across my chest and downward. I love a girl who makes my cock a priority in the morning. My body responds as I breathe in her faded subtle perfume until the very last note of the sweet flowery scent hits me, and I have a shocking realization. This isn’t Stacey.
My eyes pop open, and my body stiffens. Jesus, even my eyelashes hurt. A quick look around the room confirms I’m at home. Very small flashes of last night come back to memory: the bar, the booze, Olivia. I gently pry myself from underneath her and get to my feet. I survey the room, the disheveled furniture, and discarded clothing hanging from the most peculiar places. She rolls to her side and tosses the blanket to the floor. It’s then that I discover she’s wearing nothing but my boxers. “What the fuck have I done?”
My fingertips brush across her skin as I respectfully cover her up. Vague memories start to come back to me. My heart pounds heavily in my chest, and it reverbs like a jackhammer, in my head. I tidy the room and give her some privacy.
I make breakfast with a laser focus, trying to keep the noise down. I don’t even hear her enter the room. “Good morning.”
Startled, I jump and burn my hand. I curse. She grabs my wrist and guides me across the room to the sink. Holding the burn under cold water, she looks up at me with those beautiful eyes full of sparkling gold flecks. “Better?”
I nod. “Yes, thank you.” I didn’t think it could get any worse, but I was wrong. Looking at her, standing in front of me wearing my boxers and T-shirt isn’t helping. “Olivia…” I pause and exhale deeply. “Do you have any recollection of last night?”
“Very little,” she admits, looking ashamed.
“Me neither.”
“Do you think anything happened?” I pause, my eyes traveling her body and staring longer than I should. “Between us.” I tear my gaze away and look down the hall toward the bedroom. “In there?” I scratch at the day-old growth of stubble on my chin. This is a bloody awkward conversation.
She shakes her head no, struggling to find words. “I… I don’t remember, Carter.”
“Me neither.” My guts twist and turn nervously.
“I don’t think either one of us would do anything that would hurt Ethan,” she reasons.
I would. I’d go straight to hell, but if I could steal her away and keep her for myself, I’d consider it. “You’re right,” I lie. “So obviously nothing happened.” It’s a huge relief and an even bigger disappointment.
“Nothing,” she repeats unconvincingly. “So there’s no reason to say anything to Ethan about last night. Right?”
“Right.” My chest tightens, thinking about my dream. For a brief moment, I consider grabbing her and kissing her to see just what the fuck is going on here. She can tell me nothing, but I feel it. There’s something here, or there used to be. I’m so fucking confused.
She can’t even look at me right now. “I’m going to grab a cab home and get some sleep.” She picks up a piece of toast and takes a few bites. “I have a surprise planned for Ethan today.”
“I’ll take you.”
“No!” she says quickly.
Great, now we’re back to awkward.

I put her in a cab and head back upstairs to grab some sleep myself. I wish I could dig deep into my memories and sort out the reality from the dreams.
I wake up from my nap, still feeling hungover. I begin to scroll through the barrage of missed messages and calls on my phone. It’s clear that I can’t avoid the boys any longer, but I have no idea how I’m going to face O’Connell.

I arrive at the hotel restaurant, just as they finish eating. I’m a little shocked to find Ethan isn’t with them. As always, it doesn’t matter if he’s there or not. O’Connell is always the topic of conversation. It feels like my head is in a pair of Vice-Grips, and it gets worse as I sit and listen to the evening’s events. When they get to the part of the story where Ethan escorts a very drunk, young girl to her room, I feel my face start to heat up. I look over at Scott and John, hoping they’ll deny what I’m hearing. These boys have always had a way of embellishing stories. In fact, most of the time they’re full of bullshit. The look on Scott’s face says it all.
“How many pints have you had already?” I ask Griff.
“A few. Who’s counting?”
“Nobody, mate. I just don’t know how you can do it this early in the day.”
“North America has made you boys soft,” he laughs and gets to his feet. “Time for a smoke.”
“Stay out front and don’t disappear,” John warns. “We’ve got a car coming to pick you up soon.”
“Where’s O’Connell?” Trevor asks.
“On his way down.”
There’s a loud screeching as the chairs are dragged across the hardwood floor. It makes me feel like wooden spikes are being driven into my brain.
“I’ll get the bill,” John advises.
“I’ll supervise outside,” Scott jokes.
I chug another glass of water, hoping that rehydrating will help with this pounding pain in my skull. I continue to scroll through my messages. There’s one last message from Stacey. I close my eyes, feeling regret. The first few lines contain curse words I’ve never heard before. I don’t blame her.
“Carter?”
John stands at the door, waiting. “Are you coming outside?”
“I’ll be there in a minute. I need to make a call.”
He nods. “Don’t be too long, I have no idea what kind of mood the boss is in.”
I flash him an unimpressed look. I can’t say I’m surprised when Stacey doesn’t answer. She’s likely blocked my number by now. Things like this never used to bother me, but I feel like a prick.
I can see O’Connell has joined the boys out front. I might as well get this over with. The sun is blinding, but I squint enough to know that Ethan is watching me, his arms crossed, with an antagonized look on his ugly Irish mug. When my eyes finally adjust to the light, I see her approaching in the background. I stop abruptly, completely stunned. “Holy shit,” I say out loud.
O’Connell looks at me, confused. Then turns to look over his shoulder at what has me mesmerized.
“Well I’ll be fucked,” he says shocked.
I slowly make my way to join them. I’d be full of shit if I said their reunion hasn’t gutted me. When the two of them slip away, as if the rest of us don’t even exist, Trevor turns to Scott, “Who the hell is that?”
Scott grins, “THAT… is his girlfriend.”
Griff’s head snaps to the side in shock. “His girlfriend? What the hell does a girl like that see in O’Connell?”
“I’ve been asking myself the same question,” I say out loud. John gives me a disapproving look.
Griff suddenly becomes fixated on her, staring at her, and it bothers me.
“Well, it’s no bloody wonder he wouldn’t do the blonde last night.” Brian starts to laugh.
A villainous grin curls at the corners of Griff’s lips. It’s positively wicked. Malevolent.
“Hey,” Brian continues, “maybe, if we’re lucky, the wind will pick up, and we can get a peek at what keeps O’Connell coming back for more.”
“Shut the hell up, Brian,” I warn.
“Did you see those gorgeous tits?” Trevor asks, looking at his friends. They all nod their acknowledgment, and I begin to experience a very strong moment of déjàvu.
“I was too busy looking at her ass,” Nigel says, “I’d love some of that action.”
I’m disgusted with their vulgarity. Every Australian muscle in my six foot two body vibrates with anger. Not that I’m surprised about it from this bunch, but they’re talking about Olivia, and that, I won’t tolerate. “How about, I knock out the teeth of the next asshole that opens his mouth and says something crude about her?” I add to the conversation in an angry tone.
Silence washes over them. I scan the group, establishing eye contact and confirming I’ll keep my word. “Are we good?”
Nigel holds up his hands in a surrendering gesture. “I’m good, Brant. Not another word.”

The car takes us over to Ethan’s restaurant. There’s plenty to do to get prepared for the grand opening. He normally puts a lot of money and effort into these things, but for this one, he’s really gone all out. It’s annoying as fuck that he won’t tell anyone what he has planned.
I’m busy lugging boxes of alcohol and sound equipment when my phone rings. This can’t be good.
“Hello, Anna.”
“Carter,” she says formally.
“Is everything all right?”
“Not really, Carter. My husband is a cranky old fart, and Kaylie can’t stop crying.”
“They miss him.”
“Yes,” she sighs. “But they’re a stubborn lot.”
I step out of the room, so I don’t have to listen to the protesting about me avoiding all the hard work.
“What can I do for you, Anna? I doubt you called because you need someone to complain to.”
“No, Carter. I need your help.”
“With what?”
“Madison.”
I’m intrigued.
“She’s been keeping company with that singer. Ethan’s friend.”
“Nate?” I ask surprised.
“Yes.”
“I’m not sure there’s anything I can do about that.”
“She’s planning to come to Toronto to see him when he plays at Ethan’s restaurant opening.”
“Ah.” The picture’s becoming clearer. “And you want me to keep an eye on her?”
“Yes. Ethan doesn’t know anything about it.”
“That’s a good thing. He’d likely blow a gasket.”
There’s a small pause. “How is he doing, Carter?”
“He’s doing fine. He misses his family.” I hang up and make my way back inside.
Hmmm. So Nate Ross is flying in to play at the grand opening. That’s okay, O’Connell. I have a few secrets of my own now.
“Hey! Look who’s back, now that all the work is done,” Griff shouts.
“Sorry, mate.” I hold up my phone. “Family emergency.”
“Right,” he says, sounding doubtful.
I shrug. I don’t feel the need to convince him. I really don’t care what he thinks.
I mindlessly lug beer cases and stack chairs. I need to figure out what this thing is with Olivia. These dreams must mean something, right?



The next day, I pick up Maddie from the airport. I don’t let on I know about Nate. She’s pretty quiet most of the way until we pull up front of the hotel.
“Carter.”
I look at her in the rearview mirror.
“What kind of mood is my brother in these days?”
“Better than expected, I suppose. Why do you ask?”
“If he was to receive some news that normally would upset him, do you think he’d handle it well?”
I open her car door and help her out. “You’re brother is trying to be happy, Madison. There’s so much going on in his world right now. If this news can wait until after the grand opening, it might be better received.”
She frowns at me, and it makes me feel like I just kicked her puppy. I’ve never really understood the inner workings of this family. I can’t imagine how hard it would be to have such an overprotective, controlling brother.
“Madison. You’re an adult now. At some point, you’re going to have to start making your own decisions. He’ll get over it… ” I pause when she raises her brow. “Yeah, you’re right,” I continue. “We’re talking about Ethan. He’s going to lose his shit and make everybody else miserable.”
She sighs. “That’s what I’m afraid of. Wait… You know about Nate?”
I shake my head, but I’m not convincing.
“How do you…” Her shoulders fall, and she purses her lips. “Mother!”
There’s no point in denying it.
“The woman is bloody terrifying,” she continues. “She knows everything. I wonder sometimes where she hides her crystal ball.”
I scratch my head. “Okay, but you being here is big enough of a surprise for Ethan. Don’t you think? Let’s just put your other news aside for tonight.”
“Okay,” she says, sounding a little more optimistic.
“And maybe tomorrow,” I add, as I hand her luggage to the bellhop.

All the way to the grand opening, I think about Olivia. As much as I want to believe her, I feel like something happened between us the other night. I arrive and do a quick security check around the outside of the building. I’m sure McCabe has already done it, but I don’t think I’ll relax unless I check things out for myself. I need to keep her safe. I’m on my way in to join them when O’Connell texts me, asking my whereabouts. I wasn’t prepared for what I see when I pull open the door.
My loud, angry words echo in the room, “What are you wearing?” I take a few steps into the room and stop, shocked. “For fuck’s sake! What were you thinking? Do you have any idea the thoughts that are going to go through every man’s mind tonight, when they see you in that dress?”
 “Carter?” Ethan says, lifting his eyebrows in question.
I can’t let it go. Who knows what kind of scum is following her, and what might have happened if George hadn’t called me the other night. “Tell her, Ethan. Tell her she’s not wearing that dress tonight. Haul her ass home, right now, and make her change into something else.” My jaw sets in a rigid line.
Olivia’s tenses and looks at me with regret. “Carter,” she says softly, as I approach her.
“Christ almighty! Could there be any less material in the front?” I stare at her breasts, and I remember how warm they felt when I closed my lips around the nipples that are hiding, not too far below the neckline of that dress. “Ethan?” I persist, “Are you going to tell me this is okay with you?” Razor-sharp fury dangerously hangs on my words.
Taking another long look at her, Ethan clenches his jaw as he looks back at me. The tension in the air is so thick it creates a heavy feeling that makes everyone struggle to breathe. Shannon and Olivia glance at each with silent acknowledgment.
“I think she looks beautiful, Carter,” Ethan finally says. “If this is the dress she wants to wear, then I’m not going to make her change.” Smiling at her, he gently rubs his hands up and down her arms, making her feel at ease. “What’s wrong with you?” he asks, turning toward me.
I feel my face turn red and I turn sharply to face him, my eyes lit with anger. It’s all I can do to stop myself. I’m about to lose it. Erupting like a volcano, I overturn a chair or two and stomp out of the room. Things crash to the ground as I go.
Close on my heels is the Irish military watchdog. “Leave me alone, McCabe,” I warn.
“Not going to happen, Brant. Do you want to tell me what that was all about?”
I pace angrily, like a caged animal. “I take it that nobody told Ethan about someone following her?”
John takes a sigh of relief, “Yes. I did. And you know I’m keeping tabs on the ex. He’s thousands of miles away, in a different province. It wasn’t him.”
I growl. “That’s no reassurance at all.” I stop talking when Ethan walks through the bar, heading toward his office. Olivia stares at me as she follows behind. I lock my gaze to hers, and I know when she looks away, she’s experiencing unwanted feelings.
John gauges the dark intensity in my eyes. “Since when do you have this much concern for someone Ethan is dating?”
I clench my jaw. “That was not the only time she was being followed.”
“What do you mean?”
I run my fingers through my hair, hesitantly. “Okay, listen. She made me promise not to tell Ethan. So you keep your piehole shut.”
“Would you just tell me? I’m supposed to be keeping an eye on her tonight,” he says annoyed.
“The other night, someone ruffied her drink at the bar.”
“What?” he asks concerned.
“George called me when he couldn’t get a hold of Ethan. When I got there, she was completely out of it. The waitress said there was a creepy stranger, lurking in the shadows, watching her all night.”
John raises a brow. “And you thought it was a good idea to withhold this information from Ethan?”
I sigh, feeling conflicted. “Yeah, well… maybe not the best idea, but now she’s here, in that dress… and Griff and the boys.”
John holds his hand in the air. “Say no more. I was there. Well, this is going to be fun. We’ll have to keep a close eye on her and not let O’Connell know why.”
“There’s something else,” I admit, feeling the need to come clean. “I drank what was left in her glass before I knew it was doped. Then I took her back to my place, so I’d know she was safe.”
John begins to look worried.
“We passed out…in the same bed…n…”
His eyes open wide and he rigorously shakes his head. “No, no, no… I don’t want to know.”
“Neither of us remembers what happened. Maybe nothing,” I continue anyway.
John curses. “I understand why you kept it from him.”
“Olivia insists that neither of us would do something like that,” I justify.
“Well, it doesn’t matter at this point. We just need to make sure she’s safe. Madison is on her way. Apparently, we need to keep an eye on her too.”
“Lord. Anna got to you too?”
John nods.
“I should give up sales and go into security,” I growl.

I spend the evening on high alert. There’s a very suspicious man hovering near the door that leads into the alley.
“McCabe, are you there?” I ask into the microphone on the headset.
“Yes.”
“Where’s Madison?”
“She’s with Ethan in his office. What’s going on?”
Olivia crosses the room and gives me a small, reassuring smile. I nod.
“There’s a creeper at the back door. I don’t like the looks of him,” I answer once she passes.
John comes into view on the other side of the room. “Got it. I’ll check it out. You keep an eye on Olivia.”
“Believe me, I’m not going to let her out of my sight.” She stands at Ethan’s office door but doesn’t go in. Griff crosses the floor and places his hand on her shoulder. I can’t hear what he’s saying, but I don’t like it. I move to be closer to them.
“One dance,” I hear him demand.
Olivia looks at Ethan’s office door and then turns to look for me. I’m already on my way through the crowd to be at a better vantage point. Griff firmly takes hold of her wrist and pulls her out onto the floor. Adrenaline starts to pump through my body as if it senses a need for alertness. There’s something really gross and dirty about the way that he touches her. I search for John in the crowd. I have a feeling I’m going to need backup. I push my way past people on the dance floor to get to them. Griff leans in, running his tongue across her neck and into her ear.
“Oh, hell no.” I’m not waiting for reinforcements. I grab the slimeball by the scruff of the neck.
“Carter? What the fuck?” he screams angrily.
“I’m saving you, Griffin,” I say as I pull him away.
“From what?” he protests.
“From O’Connell. Do you have any idea what he’d do to you if he caught you with your tongue in his girl’s ear?”
“He’d fucking kill you!” I hear Ethan say furiously, as he approaches from the side. Too late. I let go and take a step back into safety. I know what’s coming Griff’s way. Ethan’s fist connects with his jaw, knocking him to the ground.
“Nice shot,” I say in admiration. Stepping aside, I make room for Nigel and Trevor to peel Griff’s ass off the floor. I’m sure it’s something they do on a regular basis.
Ethan shakes his hand out, opening and closing his fingers, and grimacing as he turns to Olivia, who’s staring at him with an open mouth. “Are you okay?” he asks her.
I feel a weird kind of energy like my body has just become a lit sparkler. I look up to find Kate’s sapphire blue eyes watching me from the railing. I can’t take my eyes off her. I’m tormented by the strange emotional tug-of-war I experience between them. Despite feeling like I’m somehow bound to Olivia, an inexplicable force draws me to Kate.
Right now, I’m jacked up on adrenaline and not sure where I belong, so I make myself fade into the background. I feel like I’m not needed here to protect Olivia any longer. Staying only gets me more confused. A strange rustling noise in the bushes by my parked car heightens my senses. I cautiously approach, ready to react. I’m about to reach in, grab him by the throat, and beat him to a bloody pulp when the frail, gray-haired woman lifts a branch and reveals herself.
“What the?” I lower my clenched fist to my side. “Why are you hiding in there?”
A small green bird flutters its wings and hovers over her shoulder, as she steps out into the dimly lit parking lot.
“You’re leaving,” she states.
I nod.
“It’s not yet time for you to return to Australia.”
I laugh once, “I think you’re wrong. There’s no reason for me to stay.”
“Your journey here is not complete. The one you’ve been looking for is here.”
I watch as Ethan escorts Olivia to his car. “I found her, and she’s made up her mind.” The little green bird squawks as it takes flight, causing me to duck.
“Their journey is a complicated one. They’ll still need you to watch over her, boy. But their journey is together. The Universe has another planned for you.”
“Oh?” I glance around me to ensure nobody is witnessing me engage in this odd conversation.
“Her eyes are like sapphires and her hair like spun gold.”
Now I’m feeling amused. “When will I meet this magical woman?”
She grins, and her appearance seems more youthful as her eyes sparkle in the moonlight. She walks toward me. “You know you’ve already met her, but you’ve overlooked her. You’re blinded by your memories. You have to let them go. Open your heart and make yourself available for love.”
I feel the muscles in my shoulders tighten. “What a crock of shit.” I reach for the handle of the car door.
“Liam,” she says with an Irish brogue.
The hair stands up on the back of my neck. She reaches out and places her hand on top of mine. I can’t move; she’s a frail elderly woman, who weighs no more than a small child, and yet, I’m magically pinned in place with her touch.
“She will love you with intense passion and a fierce loyalty. But first, you have to give yourself to her completely. Unconditionally. You let her down in another life.”
My chest starts to feel heavy. “She sounds a little too needy for me,” I joke, trying to divert the tension from an uncomfortable topic.
“It’s what you’ve been looking for. She’s the one you need.”
I grit my teeth, trying to hold back an emotional response.
“Not Olivia. Not this time,” she whispers before I can speak. She lifts her hand, and I feel a cool breeze dance around me, lifting away the heaviness and releasing me.
I pull open the car door and pause. “I’m going back to Australia, tomorrow.” I wait for her objection, but I’m met with silence. I glance around the parking lot and then settle my gaze toward the holly bushes in front of me. She’s gone.

I wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. My dreams haunt me. They’re a fucked-up mess of past memories and new adventures. My head is spinning right now. I look at the time and do what every single man faced with conflict does. I call my mother. My anxiety lessens when I hear her voice.
“Hi, Mum.”
“Hello, Carter,” she says sounding concerned. “Isn’t it the middle of the night there?”
“Very early morning,” I correct.
“What’s wrong, Son?”
“Nothing,” I say unconvincingly.
“Mmhmm.”
“Really, Mum. I’m okay.”
“Who is she?”
“Who?”
“The girl that you’re thinking about. The one who’s keeping you awake.”
I scratch my head. “Yeah, well… it’s complicated.”
“Don’t quote a Facebook status to me, Carter. You’ve called because you want my advice.”
“There’s a girl.”
“Shocker.”
“Come on, Mum. Don’t judge.”
“Sorry, I’m listening.”
“There’s something about this girl. Something I can’t explain. It’s like we’ve never met before, and yet, we’re connected somehow.”
“Sounds magical.”
“It felt like I loved her.”
“Past tense?”
“Yes, we can’t be together.”
“Why not?”
“She’s in love with another man.”
“So? If you love her…”
“Ethan,” I interrupt.
“Fuckin’ell.”
“Right. But here’s the problem.”
“That’s not the problem?” she jokes.
“There’s another girl.”
“Lord.” There’s a moment of silence. “Carter, I’m not a young woman, can you get to the part where you need my advice?”
“Sorry, sorry. I was all set to come home. Put everything behind me. Move on.”
“But?”
“The crazy lady said the one I’m looking for is here, in Toronto.”
“Uhhh. I’m not even going to ask.”
“I think she means Kate. The other girl, not Ethan’s girl,” I explain. “Kate is brilliant and beautiful.”
“You sound smitten to me. What’s the problem?”
I sigh. “I don’t understand why, Mum, but my heart seems connected to Olivia. I’m so confused by it all. I don’t know what to do.”
“Good Lord, Son. I don’t know who’s more confused, you or me.”
“Definitely me.”
“Carter, come home. Take some time off. Spend some time with your friends and family, and learn how to relax and enjoy life. You’re going to end up with ulcers or in an early grave, just like your father. For what?”
I roll my eyes. You can always count on your mother for giving you the advice you don’t really want to hear. “I’ve thought about Kate a lot tonight. I think there could be something there if she’ll give me a chance.”
“Sounds like you know what you’re going to do.”
I look at my packed suitcase across the room. “I guess I’m staying.”
“Brilliant. So… if she’s the one, does that mean you’re whoring bachelor days are over?”
My mouth opens in shock. “MUM!”
“I’ve often wondered how many grandchildren I have that I don’t know about.”
“None I’m being held accountable for,” I assure her.
“That doesn’t make me feel any better.”
“I’m joking, Mum.”
“Well, my job here is done,” she sighs. “Let me know when you’re on your way home, Carter. I do miss you.”
I throw my suitcase back on the bed and begin to unpack. “Miss you too.”




It’s not business, as usual, these days. Ethan and Olivia have gone to Ireland to settle his business and meet with his family. Thanks to my lack of sleep, I’m cranky, and I hate the new guy brought in by corporate. He’s an arrogant French bastard. I get ready for the last-minute call he scheduled, making sure I have all the data and sales stats I need to cover my ass. Since O’Connell fucked up, Scott, Landon, and I are all under the watchful eye of the board of directors. I don’t like it. Ethan has been suspiciously quiet through the call, so far. Landon is midway through his presentation when I realize he isn’t even on the call. Asshole. He’s the reason everything we do is being scrutinized, he could at least join the call and have our backs. I don’t care that he’s back home, swooning over the love of his life. Fucker. I shoot him an angry message.
Ethan replies with a series of question marks. I quickly check the list of invited attendees and find his name is suspiciously missing. I should have known there was something shady going on here. What the hell are they up to? I begin to go over my sales reports, containing the prior year’s data, when I hear Ethan’s voice in the background. Seems he found his way into the boardroom of Aurora Tech’s Dublin office. I wait out a very awkward exchange between him and CEO, Charles Hammond.
Scott Parker sticks his head around the corner.
“Hey, we’re going to the pub downtown for a little post-conference unwinding. You in?”
I mute the line and think about it a moment. I can’t think of any reason not to go. Maybe a few drinks will help put to rest my insomnia. I nod. When I finally got to sleep last night, I dreamed of Kate. They’re happy dreams, different from the ones I have of Olivia, but still loving, wonderful, pleasant memories.
“Okay, I’ll meet you there after the call.”



I’m not going to lie; I’m hoping I run into Kate tonight. However, the last time I was in this pub I was with Olivia, and I can’t help but think of that night as the rusty hinges squeal when I open the heavy wooden door. “Good evening, Mr. Carter.”
“Good evening, George. It’s just Carter. I was wondering. Did you ever find out who laced Olivia’s drink that night?”
“There was a man the waitress saw lurking in the shadows; watching her. She said that he gave her a bad feeling. He hasn’t been back. If he comes, we’ll call the police, immediately.”
“Thank you. Keep me posted if you get any information.”
I find a dark, quiet spot at the back of the bar. Sometimes I like solitude. Unlike O’Connell, I don’t need to be the center of attention at all times.
 It’s hard to keep Olivia out of my thoughts, especially after what happened the last time we were here. I sit and watch the people around me, not as entertained as I usually would be. I order a Jack and Coke, thinking something stronger than beer will help me loosen up.
It seems like I’ve only taken a few swigs, but already I’m staring past the ice at the bottom of the empty glass, feeling disappointed.
“Another?” the bartender asks, already sliding one toward me.
I nod. “Thanks, mate.”
I don’t often turn to alcohol as some kind of magic elixir, but I have to admit the music is much more appeasing now. I turn to the crowded room, and that’s when I see her, just barely, hiding in the dark shadows in the corner of the room.
Unaware anyone is watching, she sways her hips seductively to the music. I wonder why she’s not on the dance floor. Perhaps she’s too shy; I like the shy ones. I don’t mind the private viewing. She feels my gaze and looks over to see me leaning against the bar, drink in hand, watching her intensely. Our eyes lock, and she hesitates where she stands. I expect her to stop, but instead, she gives me a show. It’s even hotter knowing that she knows I’m watching and every move, every sway, every swirl is meant just for me.
I order two more drinks and walk toward her. “Hello, Kate.”
“Hey there.” She looks around me for something. “I’m not used to seeing you without a woman attached to you somewhere.”
“Ouch.” For a shy girl, she sure is feisty. “It looked like you were working up a thirst.” I hand her a drink.
“I’m not sure I should accept this.” She holds it up to the light and looks through the glass. “Rumor has it there’s a nasty man spiking women’s drinks around here.”
“It’s not me,” I assure her.
“Says the guy I saw carrying an unconscious girl to his room.”
“You got me there. You should be careful.”
“How is Mr. O’Connell’s girlfriend?”
I cock my head to the side. “You’ve done your homework.”
“I was curious.”
I raise a brow. “Curious or jealous?”
She laughs once. “Don’t flatter yourself, you’re not that charming.”
“Clearly you’re mistaken. Have you heard my accent?”
She has the most beautiful smile. Her friends return to the table and give me the once-over look. I think that’s my cue to exit. “I just wanted to say hello. I’ll leave you to spend time with your friends.”
She raises the glass in the air. “Thanks again, for the drink.”
Scott finds me, still sitting at the bar, watching her.
“What’s her name?” he asks, as he climbs the stool beside me.
“Kate.”
“How did you meet Kate?”
“It’s kind of odd, really. It doesn’t matter where I am, she seems to be there.”
“I see.” He slides another drink in front of me. “So she’s the reason you stayed?”
I nod.
“I didn’t think it had anything to do with the Australian business plan. So what are we talking here? Puppy Love? True Love? Have you even…”
“Hooked up?” I answer for him. “No.”
“Why not?”
“I think about it A LOT, but I’m going back to Australia eventually.” I put down my beer down and turn in my seat. “She’s not the kind of girl you leave behind. I can tell.”
“You can tell? How can you tell?” Scott asks curiously, as he glances over at her.
“I just can.” I pause trying to think of a way to explain it to him. “Okay, listen… remember how you felt about Rachel the first time you saw her? The way you said she had gotten under your skin, just by the way she looked at you. You said it was as if she saw right through you and past all your bullshit. You told me, you would never forget it.”
“And I never have,” he confirms.
I glance over my shoulder and catch her looking. A coy grin spreads across her raspberry lips.
“You’re afraid that if you spend time with her, you won’t be able to hold back,” Scott acknowledges.
“Nope.” I laugh once and tip my beer to my lips. “I’m afraid once I’ve had a taste of her, it will kill me to leave her behind.”

The girls on the other side of the room get louder. Clearly, they’re feeling a little tipsy. They’ve moved to the dartboard, and I watch amused for a long time. It’s a wonder any of them can even hit the board.
“This is painful to watch.”
“It certainly is,” Scott agrees. “Take a chance, man. I have no idea what this infatuation is you have with Olivia, but it’s a nonstarter. That girl there,” he nods in Kate’s direction, “she could be the love you’re looking for. And she’s not dating the boss, so it’s probably a better choice.”
I feel a fleeting moment of anger at his statement, but I wash it away with the last half of my drink.
It’s the last throw of the game, and Kate tries to figure out how many points she needs to win. She sways, trying to stay balanced, and I can no longer resist. I hand my beer to Scott and cross the room.
“Go get her, buddy,” he chuckles.
Her friends giggle, and she shushes them while she tries to focus.
Stepping up behind her, I place my hand on her shoulder then slide it down her arm. She tenses, tightening her grip on the dart. I try to guide her from behind, but she becomes stiff and nervous. “Relax your arm,” I whisper in her ear.
I grip her hip with my free hand and guide her back against my chest, trying to steady her. Her breath hitches and I feel her clench her legs together. She looks up, embarrassed I felt her body’s reaction to me. I grin, slightly embarrassed myself, as my semi-hard cock presses firmly into her backside.
“Ready?” I ask.
Slightly turning her head, she brushes her cheek against mine and swallows hard. “Yes,” she whispers.
“Me too,” I growl softly, pressing my hips against her backside. 
“Are you talking about darts or something else?” she giggles, slightly inebriated.
“I’m open to suggestions.” I lift her hand, preparing to make the throw. I can’t seem to bend her elbow. “You do know how to relax, don’t you?” I tease.
“Are you kidding me?” she asks. “It’s all I can do to remember to breathe at the moment.”
“Try,” I encourage, feeling amused.
She takes a deep breath and relaxes her arm. I direct her movement and release the dart, hitting the target she needs.
“You win,” I say softly in her ear. I turn and walk away, trailing my fingers across her backside as I go. I don’t look back. I can’t. If I do, I know how this will end.
My phone rings as I return to the bar. “Hello, John.”
“Carter. Do you have any idea what the fuck is going on?”
“None.” I hold up a hand to stop Scott from interrupting and start walking until I find a spot in private. I haven’t told Ethan I’m still in Toronto, and I don’t feel like getting the third degree. Once a day is enough for me.
“I’m worried.”
“So am I, mate.”
“Between the bullshit going on at Aurora and Olivia terminating the pregnancy, I’m afraid he’s going to completely lose his shit soon.”
I feel like I’ve just taken a hard punch to the gut. All the air seems to have left my chest.
“Carter?”
I shake my head in shock. “Um, sorry. What did you just say?”
“I said Hammond’s nephew is a…”
“NO!” I interrupt. “About Olivia being pregnant.”
“Ethan hasn’t called you?”
I pace, considering that our evening together wasn’t as uneventful as we both wanted to believe. “No. Tell me.”
John sighs, “Olivia was pregnant.”
“Was?”
“She kept it from him. He found out she went to a clinic for a termination, then took off to spend some time with her sister. I can’t believe he didn’t tell you.”
“I can’t believe she didn’t tell me,” I say under my breath.
“What?”
“How far along was she?” I ask, beginning to feel the tension tightly coiling in every muscle.
“I don’t know. Why does it matter?” John asks, confused.
“It just does,” I snap. I tilt my head back and take a breath. “Never mind. Where is she now?”
“I just told you. She’s at her sister’s in Cape Breton. Are you okay, Brant?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” I hang up and dial her number repeatedly while I walk, but she doesn’t answer. I’m so consumed with my thoughts that I’m not even sure how I end up home. In a complete fog, I step into the elevator and turn to face the door. I make no effort to stop them from closing as I watch Kate approach.
“Asshole.” I hear her yell as it begins to ascend. Finding it difficult to breathe, I run my fingers through my hair and lean back against the wall. I think I’m about to lose my mind.
I head straight to the fridge and open a beer. And then another. Before long, there’s a long trail of empties lined up across the coffee table. Cursing, I throw the remote across the room, aggravated there’s nothing worth watching on TV. The last thing I remember is dialing Olivia’s number again.



It’s a long slow process to peel my eyelids open in the morning. The high-pitched shrill of the phone makes my head hurt.
“What?” I groan when I finally find the strength to lift it to my ear.
“It’s me.”
“Scott?” I try to sit up when I hear sirens. “What’s wrong?”
“Someone broke into Olivia’s house and trashed it.”
“Kids?” I stagger over to the sink for a glass of water.
“No. I’m sure it wasn’t. There were photos and messages left behind.”
“Jesus.” I’m wide-awake now.
“I’m here, dealing with the cops.”
The sunshine blazes through the living room window as I pass on my way to the shower. I squint as I stop to lower the blind. “Do you need me there?”
“No. There’s nothing you can do right now. They won’t let anyone in. They’re treating it as a crime scene. So, what happened to you last night? You disappeared.”
I scrub my hand over my face, trying to think of an explanation. “I got tired of McCabe’s whining, so I went home.”
“Did she catch up to you?”
“Who?” I turn the water on in the shower and let it warm up. Even the pounding sound of the water on the glass tile makes my head hurt.
“Kate. She watched you leave, then grabbed her stuff and went after you.”
I remember the look on her beautiful face as the heavy metal doors closed shut. “Fuck. I need to track her down and apologize.”
“What did you do?”
“I saw her in the lobby, but I didn’t hold the elevator door for her.”
“There really is something wrong with your head these days, Brant. The girl is into you.”
“I get it!” I growl. “I’ll make it up to her if she’ll ever talk to me again.”
“I have to go. They need me here. Get your act together, would ya?”

I stand under the spray of water for what seems like a very long time, hoping the heat will help the stiffness in my neck. Serves me right for sleeping on the couch all night.
I round up all the beer bottles and an empty bottle of tequila. No wonder my head hurts. I abandon the bowl of cereal I’ve been trying to eat for the past hour. I just can’t stomach food right now.
After a brief, unplanned nap, I rummage through a bunch of papers in my briefcase, certain I’ve kept the card Ethan gave me with Kate’s number on it. I sit holding it for a long time, trying to convince myself she’ll answer if I call. I take the coward’s way out in the way of text message.

Carter: Sorry, I’m an asshole.
Kate: I highly doubt you’re sorry about it at all. It seems to come naturally for you.
I deserved that, but at least she’s talking to me.

Carter: Let me make it up to you. Can I buy you dinner tonight?
Kate: Why should I go out with you?
Carter: Because I’m irresistible and deserve another chance?
Kate: Fine. But I’m ordering lobster and the most expensive bottle of wine on the menu.
Carter: That sounds fair. 

I find myself feeling excited as I get ready. I might even say I’m a little nervous. But it’s the good kind of nervous. I haven’t felt this way about anyone in a very long time. I wander through the flower shop on the corner, looking for the perfect ones. I’m drawn to the table of daisies, but somehow I just know that they’re not the right flowers for Kate. I settle on a beautiful arrangement of pastel green carnations and pale pink roses. I hope I’ve chosen well. I’m just leaving the shop when my phone rings.
“Hello!” I say cheerfully.
“Well, you’re in a good mood now,” Scott says surprised.
“I am. I’m on my way to meet Kate for dinner.”
“That’s great.”
I detect a strange hesitation in his voice. “What’s going on?”
“Nothing I can’t handle. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Wait! What aren’t you telling me?”
“John just called me. Olivia is on a plane on her way here. She found out about the break-in at the house, somehow. I’m betting my loving wife.”
My excitement turns to anxiety.
“O’Connell is going to take the company jet,” he continues. “But he won’t be here until tomorrow. I have to pick her up at the airport in an hour.”
“Okay, keep me posted.” I let out an angry rant that lasts a few city blocks. I’m sure everyone walking past me thinks I have Tourette’s. I take my phone out of my pocket and dial him back. “I’ll pick her up and make sure she gets there safely.”
“You have plans, Carter. I’ll do it.”
“No. I just checked the flight details, and it’s landing early. You won’t get here on time from Dufferin County. I’m ten minutes away. I’ll go.”
“What about Kate?”
“I’ll postpone for an hour. She’ll either wait or swear at me again.”

I thought I was finally starting to work the girl out from under my skin. Moving on. Standing here, waiting, thinking about what I now know has me twisted in knots. Olivia walks out the gate doors into the main concourse of the airport and meets my unimpressed expression. She pauses, surprised to see me, and forces herself to give me a polite smile.
“What are you doing here?” she asks curiously, as I take the heavy carry-on bag from her shoulder.
“You know why I’m here.” I fail at hiding my annoyance. “Did you think he was going to let you go to the house by yourself?”
“I mean, why are you here in Canada?”
I walk toward the parking garage with growing discontent. “I’m here for personal reasons,” I say, without turning to look at her. My heavy gait and large steps make it difficult for her to keep up.
“Carter, slow down. I’m tired,” she begs.
I reach the car ahead of her and open the trunk to stow her bag. When she finally catches up, she stands at the door watching me. I slam down the trunk and glance over at her, looking her in the eyes for the first time since she got off the plane.
She frowns. “You’re angry with me.”
I nod my head, breaking eye contact. “Yes, I’m angry. Get in the car,” I growl, feeling frustrated.
Olivia sits quietly for most of the ride. My anger doesn’t soften at all on the forty-five-minute drive from the airport. She tries a few times to lighten things up with polite conversation, but I thwart her attempts with one-word answers or complete avoidance.
“Carter,” she begins, needing to put it to rest.
Determined to focus on the road, I glance sideways for only a brief moment, acknowledging her.
“It’s my home, Carter.” She continues, “I need to make sure everything is okay there.”
“Scott is looking after everything; there was absolutely no reason for you to come.”
“All my personal belongings are there, things that belonged to my mother. Surely you understand I need to see for myself.”
I bite my tongue. There’s no point in voicing my opinion.
Olivia pauses, and then a thought occurs to her. “Oh, Carter, I’m sorry. You’re here for personal reasons, and O’Connell has screwed up your plans by assigning you babysitting duties.”
According to the crazy lady, I still need to protect her. How do I bring that up? “Let me make it perfectly clear… there’s nothing more important to me than keeping you safe.”
“So why are you so angry with me?”
“Why? WHY?” I ask agitated. I feel my whole body stiffen. “Do you have any idea just how fucking selfish it was for you to make that decision on your own?”
Regret washes over her. “You’re not talking about the house, are you?” She frowns and turns to look out the window, trying to avoid my censure.
“No, I’m not talking about the fucking house.”
“It was my decision to make, Carter. Telling people would only have made the decision harder, more painful.”
I grip the steering wheel so tightly my fingers turn white. “You’re wrong, Olivia. That was a decision for the two parties involved, you and the father.”
“O’Connell made it very clear. He doesn’t want kids.”
I hit the brakes hard, causing us to come to an abrupt stop in front of her townhouse.
“Oh? Let me ask you this.” I can’t hold back anymore, I need to know. “Are you absolutely sure it was his baby?”
Tears well up in her eyes as she locks onto my stare. “Olivia?” I prompt, “I’m going to ask you again, and I want the truth. Are you sure the baby was O’Connell’s?”
There’s a glimmer of something in her eyes I can’t put a name to. Is it sorrow? Guilt? Regret? She answers me, with inarguable confidence, “Yes, Carter. I’m absolutely sure.”
“You’re that confident nothing happened between you and me that night?”
She fidgets and grimaces from discomfort. It concerns me. “Are you okay?”
She sighs. “Yes, Carter.” Tears form in her eyes as she turns to me with a tormented look. “I didn’t do it.”
I take a deep breath in and digest what she’s just confessed. I’m certain this is something Ethan doesn’t know. “You didn’t terminate the pregnancy?”
She shakes her head. “I couldn’t bring myself to do it.”
A loud crash and the sound of shattering glass startles her, making her turn in the direction of the noise. Without hesitation, she jumps out of the car and runs toward the house.
“Olivia! Wait!” I holler. Cursing, I take off after her, catching up to her at the front porch. She stands perfectly still, her chest heaving as she tries to catch her breath. Yellow caution tape bars the entrance.
“Just slow down, until I know it’s safe,” I instruct.
She looks at me defiantly. Raising her trembling hand, she grabs hold of the tape, tugging it firmly and breaking it.
Bloody, stubborn woman. I grab her arm, stopping her in her tracks. “I said, slow down. If you insist on going in there, you’re gonna let me go in first and make sure it’s safe.” I take a few steps toward the door, nudging her behind me as I make my way inside.
Inside, a crew of tradesmen tries to remove the remnants of the smashed windows. Scott looks up from a conversation with one of them.
“Carter.” He nods. “I thought you were picking up Olivia from the airport?”
Olivia steps out from behind me and flashes Scott an awkward smile.
He raises a troubled brow. “Ah, well, I’m glad you can smile. You’ve upset a lot of people.”
“I’m sorry, Scott.”
“Oh, just wait until Rachel gets her hands on you.”
“What is it with you people?” Olivia asks frustrated. “Do none of you understand the concept of privacy?”
Scott signs some papers handed to him by a tradesman. “Oh, you gave up your rights to privacy the moment you fell in love with O’Connell.”
Olivia grumbles. “Carter, can you get my bag out of the car?”
“Not a chance.”
Scott chuckles. “You’re going to stay with Rachel and me.”
Olivia looks over at me, distraught. “I want to stay here, Carter. Can’t you just stay here with me?”
“NO!” Scott and I answer in unison.
“You’ll stay with us until O’Connell gets here,” Scott advises.
She frowns in my direction, thinking that I’ll give in. “Wait…” she says, suddenly agitated. “Ethan’s coming?”
“Of course he is,” Scott chuckles. “The minute he found out you were on your way here, he and John booked the company jet. They’ll be here in the morning.”
Her brow creases. “Oh, just great.”
“What exactly did you think was going to happen?” Scott asks curiously.
“Gah! Why is everything always so messed up?”
Is she serious? I glance down at my phone for the time. “She’s all yours now,” I say to Scott. “I have to go.”
She gives me a conflicted look. “Will you be here when Ethan arrives?”
“Not if I can help it.” I tuck my phone back in my pocket. “You’re on your own. I’ll put your bag in Scott’s car.” I turn, giving her one last look until the long silence between us becomes awkward. “Don’t give Scott a hard time and do what you’re told.” She looks away like a defiant child. “Look at me,” I demand. “Please cooperate with the police and answer all their questions.”
“Geesh, who died and made you O’Connell?”
I didn’t think she could aggravate me any more than she has today, but I was wrong. I establish eye contact, sending a silent message I’m hoping she won’t ignore.
“I will,” she sighs.
“Don’t be going anywhere without one of us.”
“Yes, Sir.” She salutes me, trying to lighten the mood.
I flash her an unimpressed look. “If you were my girl, I’d have you over my knee, so fast.”
Scott laughs once. “Me too.” She gasps and her shocked expression makes him grin. “I’ve got this,” he assures me. “Go, get her.”
I nod and close the door behind me. I thought I was over Olivia, but I’m not. I head back to the city at a ridiculously unsafe speed. I miss my Ferrari and the wide-open, unrestricted roadways at home. Finding out she’s still pregnant felt like a sharp knife to the gut that was twisted slowly as it was withdrawn. It makes my decision easier.

I stuff my clothes in my suitcase without regard to neatness or order. They’ll be wrinkled balls of designer fabric by the time I get home, and I really don’t care. I’ll buy new ones.
As I throw the luggage into the back seat of the car, I pause, looking at the recently purchased flowers. On the way to the airport, I regret leaving them at the front desk with a note. Kate deserves better. It’s bad enough my mother thinks I’m a manwhore. I can’t imagine how disappointed she’d be with me for bailing on Kate this way. I just can’t see her right now. I need to sort out my head, and my heart. My mother was right; I need to take a break. I’m going home.



I push open the door of my Noosa beachfront apartment and drop my stuff on the floor. It’s nice to be back home on the beautiful Sunshine Coast. The flight was a killer. Between my conscience and the turbulence, I don’t think I got a single moment of rest. When I did close my eyes, I dreamt of myself sitting on the warm golden sand of Sunshine Beach, making sand castles. It’s hard to explain the feelings I experienced in this dream, when the adventurous toddler, with curly blond hair and sparkling blue eyes, looked up at me and smiled. I thought about it during the long flight. Olivia may be absolutely positive nothing happened between us that night, but I know every time I look at the boy, I’m going to wonder if he’s mine.
The time change has me so messed up, I’m not sure if I’m coming or going. It looks like the sun’s coming up, so I guess my day is about to begin. My stomach growls as I wander into the kitchen. I’m not very optimistic I’ll find anything to eat. Taped to the fridge is a handwritten note from my mum. Looks like she’s stopped in and stocked me up. I wonder who told her I was on my way home. I shrug as I take out the labeled dishes, it doesn’t matter much; I’m starving. I sit on the balcony and enjoy the peaceful view as I wolf down the best home-cooked meal I’ve had in over a month.
The sound of the water is soothing. When my phone rings, it startles me. I suppose I dozed off for a few seconds. I grab it quickly before she hangs up.
“Hello.”
“Hi.”
I’m relieved to hear from her, even if there’s an awkward tone in her voice.
“How are you, Kate?”
“I’m okay. Did you get home safe?”
“Yes, I got in a few hours ago.”
“How is your mother?” she asks concerned.
My mother? It takes me a minute. “Oh, yes, my mum. The doctor said she’s going to make a full recovery.” I close my eyes, ashamed of myself.
“That’s good news.”
“I’m sorry I had to leave without saying goodbye.”
“I understand. It’s your mother. You should be there.”
“Yes, but I was looking forward to our dinner.” There’s a long uncomfortable pause that gives me the feeling that I’ve let her down, again.
“I should go. I just wanted to make sure she was okay and that you made it home safe. Take care of yourself.”
The sadness in her voice makes me feel like a first-class asshole. “It sounds like you’re saying goodbye. Can’t we keep in touch?”
She doesn’t respond.
“I see,” I say disappointed. “I don’t blame you. I don’t deserve another chance.”
“It’s not that. It’s just… have you ever felt like you finally found the right one… but at the wrong time?”
That’s an understatement. “Yeah, I know exactly what you mean.”
“Goodbye, Carter.”
“See you around, Kate. Maybe I can take you out for that dinner next time I’m in town.”
“Maybe.”
I turn off the ringer on my phone, before placing it face down beside me. I don’t feel like talking to anybody right now. The glass door behind me slides open, and I know my wish for peace and quiet has fallen on deaf ears. I glance over my shoulder and shake my head. “I thought you’d be gone by now.”
“You could at least pretend you’re going to miss me.”
“Why are you still here, Reese?” I ask impatiently.
He hands me a coffee and joins me at the balcony railing. “There were a few things I needed to finish on the project before I go home.”
“Which is when?” I persist.
“Tomorrow. I start the new job next week.”
“Safe travels.”
“I wanted to be able to thank you in person for letting me crash here.”
“You’re welcome. Now get lost before anybody finds out.”
“You mean before Ethan finds out.”
“Yes. That’s exactly what I mean.”
“Come on, dude. Cut me some slack. You know I didn’t sleep with his girlfriend.”
“You keep saying that, but it’s your word against hers. Besides, it doesn’t matter what I think. It only matters what Ethan believes.”
“He never gave me the benefit of the doubt. He just cut me out of his life.”
“I’m thinking that was the better of the two options.”
“What was the other option?”
“Kill you.”
“She tried to get me to blackmail him! Why doesn’t anybody believe that? When I refused, she turned it around on me. I paid her the ten thousand she wanted from him from my own account, but she said it was too late. She was going to take us both down.”
I raise my brow. “You paid her the ten grand?”
“Yes!”
Now he has my attention. “He thinks one of his parents did. Why didn’t you tell me this before?”
“I tried, but you made me swear I wouldn’t talk about it while I was here, or you’d feed me to the sharks.”
I laugh once. It’s true, I did say that.
“I miss my best friends. I can’t stand that everyone thinks I’d do something like that. How do I get Ethan to listen to me?”
I shrug. “I dunno, mate. He doesn’t listen to anyone but Olivia, right now.”
“She’s the new girlfriend?”
“It would appear so. He says he’s in love with her.” The following moment of silence concerns me. “Reese, I’m warning you. When you get back to Ireland, stay away from her.”
“Of course.” He takes the empty coffee cup out of my hand. “I’ll finish packing up the rest of my stuff and get out of your hair.”
I turn at the sound of the sliding door closing. “Reese.”
He pauses.
“I’ll talk to the new lawyer in charge of his case. Maybe she can find some evidence to support your story.”
“Thanks. I appreciate it.” He disappears inside.
I rake my fingers through my hair and let out a frustrated growl. A pretty little brunette smiles at me as she jogs past on an early morning run. I nod politely and watch her jiggle up the beach with every stride. Damn, I need a nonfemale distraction.
I pick up my phone and search the local buy and sell groups, sending inquiries on every ad under the heading of outdoor sport and adventure vehicles. I want something exciting, and I need something fast. The wind makes the trees on the beach bend and sway. That means one thing… an incredible surf. I grab my board and head out.



Being home is exactly what I needed to refocus. I few weeks and a whole lot of miles away from O’Connell’s drama has done me well. I pull up in front of my mother’s home in Brisbane and rev the engine of my brand new Ferrari 812. It takes a few minutes, but she eventually opens the door and wanders out.
“What on earth have you bought now?”
“A new car.”
“I can see that. Do you need another new car?”
“I think so, yes.”
“How much money did you spend importing this one?”
“More than you’d think,” I admit.
“Carter,” she begins.
“Do you want to go for a ride?”
“No, Son. Dinner is almost ready.”
I frown, and she finally gives in.
“Not your normal color choice,” she notes, as she opens the passenger side door.
I shine a smudge on the paint with my shirtsleeve. “For some reason, I was really drawn to this shade of blue.”
She’s barely buckled her seatbelt, and I pull away from the curb. She flashes me an unimpressed look.
I try to hold back an amused grin as I take her for a short and extremely quick trip around the block.
“So why has it taken almost two weeks for you to come visit?” she asks, now that I can’t avoid her.
“I got caught up on my sleep then did some shopping.”
“For cars.”
“And a few other things.”
“More toys.”
I smirk. She knows me so well.
She thrums her fingers on the armrest, waiting for an acceptable excuse, but I’ve got nothing.
“Sorry, Mum. I guess I just wanted to avoid talking about it.”
“You’ve come home alone, so I assume it didn’t work out.”
Rounding the corner a little too quickly, she curses and holds onto the handle. Pulling up to the curb at the front of her house, I slide the shifter into park. “The last time I saw her in person, she was calling me an asshole through a closing elevator door.” I frown as I open her car door, feeling ashamed of how I left things with Kate.
She accepts my hand and gets to her feet. “Carter. I know better than anyone you can’t change the past. What’s done is done. What’s important is what you’re going to do about it now.”
“I’m not sure I want to do anything about it. I’m going to spend a week away on my yacht.” I ignore her disapproving look. “Are you going to send me out to sea on an empty stomach?”
She grumbles something and rolls her eyes.
I smirk. “What was that?”
“Come in and eat.”

I would never tell my friends this, but I enjoy helping her set the table. I always have, even when I was a small child. I imagine she’s happy for the company these days. I’ve been out of the country a lot. She hums, as she brings the cutlery to the table. I watch, not sure how to handle it when she sets a third place at the table. My dad passed away suddenly a few years ago. Mum tells people he worked himself to death. He never took a sick day or a vacation. He always put his career ahead of his family. Mum begs me not to follow in his footsteps.
She looks really happy right now, so I choose to ignore the additional place setting.
“How is Ethan?” she asks when she sits down. “I haven’t seen him in a long time.”
“The same as always.” I unfold the cloth napkin into my lap.
“And this girl you were telling me about? He loves her?”
“Apparently, so.”
“Does she love him?”
I’m about to answer, but she gives me the look. I swallow what’s in my mouth before I continue. “I believe she does.”
She dabs the corner of her mouth and places her napkin on the table. “And you?”
This was exactly the conversation I was trying to avoid. I choose my words carefully. “When I first met Olivia, before I knew she was O’Connell’s girl, I felt something between us. I’m drawn to her, and I have a strong need to protect her.”
“Where does Kate fit in?”
“This is where I get confused. I look at Kate, and I get a nervous kind of feeling in my stomach.”
“Butterflies,” she states.
I shake my head. “Nope, more aggressive. Like bumblebees. But bigger. Like pterodactyls.”
She laughs. “I missed your sense of humor, Carter.”
“Is it possible…” I exhale, “Is it possible for someone to have two soul mates?”
“I think it’s possible to have different kinds of soul mates. Like friends or family connections. If you think these are romantic feelings you’re experiencing for both girls, then you know at some point you’re going to have to choose.”
I nod in agreement.
“Do you remember the year you brought Ethan home during summer break?”
“I do. It was just after our first year of university.”
“Mmhmm. You were both young and wild. Determined to take over the world.”
“We were going to conquer every beast, and win over all the ladies,” I add.
“What beast did you conquer the weekend you spent in Perth?”
“I don’t remember that weekend.”
She gives me a disbelieving look. “The weekend after you found out you lost your scholarship. You and Ethan drove to Perth, got drunk, and trashed my car.”
My chin drops. “I didn’t think you knew about that.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. When are you boys going to figure out you can’t hide anything from a mother?”
“Apparently that moment would be now.” I get to my feet and help her clear the table.
“You were so worried I was going to be disappointed in you that Ethan took the blame; paid the ticket and had the car fixed before it was time to come home.”
I know where she’s going with this reminder of loyalty. “Then he called registration and paid my tuition.”
She smiles and nods.
“Thanks, Mum.”



I love the smell of the ocean air. I roll to my side, physically exhausted. The gentle waves, rock me to sleep. I’m quickly sucked back through time.

Blue eyes sparkle in the sunshine. My heart feels like it’s going to explode with joy. She said yes. I was certain no one could ever love me. Lily came into my life and proved me wrong. My entire world changed the day she got lost and asked me for directions. I knew, the moment she smiled at me; she was the one. Now she’s agreed to marry me. It’s the first time I’ve felt happiness since learning about the loss of my brother. Telling Elizabeth will be bittersweet, but I think I should tell her first, before anyone else. Hopefully, she’ll be able to stop mourning and be happy for me, for at least a little while.
Nobody’s heard from Liz in days. I’m about to knock on the door and become concerned when I notice it’s ajar. I push it open and call out to her. In the absence of a reply, I walk in and look around. I’ve never understood the connection between us, but right now, something doesn’t feel right. The house is cold, dark… bare. There’s no food in the fridge or evidence anyone has been here for quite some time. It’s eerie, really.
I’m drawn to a note on the kitchen table. ‘So dear I love him that with him, all deaths I could endure. Without him, live no life.’ I know this quote. I scour the bookshelf looking for the leather-bound book with gold-embossed lettering that was a treasured gift from my brother. It’s not here. I pick up the note and read it again. A mysterious cool breeze sweeps across my skin, making the hair stand on the back of my neck. I know what she’s going to do.
I hurry to the ocean, hoping I’m wrong. I pray that when I get there, I’ll find her reading and enjoying the sunshine. As I crest the top of the hill, I see her, knee-deep in the water. My heart pounds in my chest as I run as quickly as I can toward the shore. I call her name, but she doesn’t respond. The sand slows my pursuit. She disappears beneath the water, and I fight against the pounding waves, trying to get to her. The sky turns gray, making it harder to search for her in the dark water. I hold my breath and go under.
Wrapping my arms around her, I pull her heavy, lifeless body to the surface. My water soaked clothing weighs me down. I struggle to get to shore, praying I’m not too late.
Distraught, I desperately try to revive her. Tears well up in my eyes as I talk to her unresponsive body, encouraging her to come back to me. I refuse to give up on her. My tireless efforts finally pay off, and she begins to cough, spitting up ocean water and gasping for air. Relieved, I wrap my arms around her and rock her gently as I stroke her hair. “I thought I’d lost you.”
She becomes stiff in my arms. “You should have let me go.” She begins to cry.
“I couldn’t. I couldn’t lose you too.”
Her body curls tighter in my arms. “I can’t live without him. I miss him,” she confesses with stuttered breath.
“I miss him too. He went because you both wanted to start a family.”
“He didn’t need to go.”
“He went to learn how to help you carry a child.”
“He didn’t need to go,” she repeats. “I’m pregnant.”
I’m shocked by the news. “I thought…”
She interrupts me. “There was so much blood, I thought I lost the baby. Like all the others. The doctor confirmed a few days ago, I’m three months pregnant.”
She breaks down, and I try to comfort her.
“I don’t know how I’m going to do this,” she says sniffling. “Your parents can’t even look at me. They blame me for his death. It is my fault. If it weren’t for me, he would never have been on that ship.”
“Stop it. It’s not your fault.”
Her crying turns into a gut-wrenching hard sob. It’s killing me. “Elizabeth, it’s going to be okay.”
“I can’t. I can’t do it. I can’t raise this child without him. On my own,” she stutters, trying to catch her breath.
I hold her tight, making an immediate decision. I know what I have to do. “You won’t have to do it alone. I’ll take care of you.”
“Liam,” she begins to protest. “That’s not fair to Lily.”
“Lily is strong. She’ll understand and move on.”
“I can’t let you do that. You love her.”
“I love you. And I’ll love this child as if it’s my own. I’ll take care of you both. For my brother.”

My eyes burst open. Understanding hits me like a bolt of lightning. I roll over to grab my ringing phone, but there’s an object in between the nightstand and me. I pull back the covers and expose a pair of feet. “What the?” A head pops up as she reaches out and feels her way across the bed, searching for the table. I watch amused.
Successfully, she gets hold of it and tosses it in my direction.
“Thanks.”
“Welcome,” she says in a sleepy voice.
“Ethan.”
“What the fuck took so long?” he growls.
“I’m fine thanks, how are you?” I say sarcastically.
“I need you here.”
“Where is here, these days?”
“Ireland.”
I turn to get out of the other side of the bed, so as not to disturb my guest, and find myself facing an interesting situation. Curiously, I peek under the cover. I grin at the sight of a second pair of feet. I opt to crawl out the bottom of the bed.
“Are you there, Brant?”
“Yes,” I grunt, as I struggle to untangle myself from the blankets and get both feet firmly on the ground. “What’s going on?”
“I’m going to propose.”
“Sorry, mate. You’re not my type. You’re too fucking bossy.”
“You’re not funny. I’m going to ask Olivia to marry me at the charity fundraiser.”
“In front of all those people? Is that a good idea?” I’m sure it’s not, but he won’t listen to me.
“It’s at Slane Castle, and it just feels like the perfect place.”
“Let me guess, it came to you in a dream.”
“Yeah, how’d you know?”
“Doesn’t matter.” I laugh once. “Don’t you think you should wait?”
“No. I can’t stand the thought of her carrying my child out of wedlock.”
“Well, that’s awfully noble of you.”
“Thank you,” he continues without catching on to my sarcasm. “I’m doing it that night, and I want all our friends and family to be there for it.”
“What if she says no?”
“Don’t be fucking ridiculous.”
I laugh. “Silly me. Why would she turn down a man with all your charm?”
“Exactly,” he agrees.
For such an intelligent man, I’m amazed he has no clue I’m being facetious.
“Scott was telling me you were seeing a girl in Toronto. Invite her to come.”
I hold my breath for a moment. “No, it’s okay. I’ll come alone.”
“I’ll pay, you cheap bastard.”
“That’s not the issue. I sort of left without saying a proper goodbye.”
“Well, that’s a shame. You’re going to need reinforcements.”
“For what?”
“I’m assigning you babysitting duties, so Olivia can spend some time with her sister.”
“Brilliant,” I say sarcastically. I glance over at the two blondes, who are now both awake and watching me from the bed. I consider asking them. That would raise a few eyebrows.
“When is this?” I ask, yawning. One of my friends motions for me to come back to bed.
“In two days. Are you coming or what?” he says impatiently.
I climb into the middle and toss the tangled blankets on the floor. “Yes, I’ll be there.”



Another flight - another airport. Maybe I should just become a pilot. Ethan sent a car to pick me up and take me to the castle. I wasn’t sure how I’d feel about being here once my feet hit the ground. Truth is, I’m feeling good. For the first time in many months, I don’t feel anxious. That last dream brought me the clarity I needed. I finally have all the answers to the cryptic ramblings of that strange silver-haired woman. Well, all but that whole baby daddy thing, but it’s best I just put that out of my mind forever. It doesn’t matter now.
I hate these charity events. If they’re so concerned about starving children around the world, why don’t they just send them all the money instead of hosting such a grand ball? I hope they accept e-Transfers as a form of contribution because I don’t think I even own a checkbook.
I head straight to the bar and run right into Reese. “What the fuck are you doing here?” I ask, shocked.
“The company I work for is also a huge contributor to this charity.”
I shake my head, frantically. “No. Nope. You can’t be here.”
He smirks and lifts his glass to his lips. “Yes, I can.”
“Reese. You know Ethan will be here. He’s got this big night planned out, and he’s going to propose.”
“Really? Well, I can’t wait to meet the woman my best friend is in love with.”
“Jesus, Reese. If he see’s you here, he’ll probably blow a gasket.”
“I’m not leaving. Don’t worry, I’ll stay out of his way. He won’t even know I’m around. Did you talk to his lawyer about me, like you promised?”
“Yes, but if you cause any problems tonight, I’ll make sure she finds a way to frame you for everything.”
“Some things never change, Carter. Everybody is still tippy-toeing around O’Connell.”
“Don’t ruin this night for them, Reese,” I warn.
“I promise, I won’t interfere.”
I wish I believed him, but I don’t. I send a quick message to John, so he knows Reese is in the building.
“Carter!” Megan screams as she throws her arms around me. “Thank you, for doing this. I’m so nervous that I haven’t talked to my sister for days, in case I let the cat out of the bag.”
She introduces the children by name, but I’m never going to remember them. Maybe she should have given them all nametags or nicknames. I can’t believe I didn’t try to get out of babysitting duty. I should have designated it to Scott. He’s been talking nonstop for the past year about wanting to have children.
It’s been over an hour since we’ve all been hiding out in the main ballroom, waiting for O’Connell to put his plan into action. I don’t like that I’ve lost sight of Reese while I’m in here. What’s taking so long? The children are getting a little wound up. I’ll take them for a walk and try to keep them occupied. I open the door at the back of the room and find Maddie and Nate sucking face in the hallway.
“Good Lord, get a room, so your brother doesn’t see that. Is everyone out to push him over the edge tonight?”
Nate smirks as Maddie pulls away and quickly fixes her dress. “Hi, Carter,” she says, as her face flushes. “Can you believe Ethan is going to do this tonight?”
“Nothing he does surprises me.” I reach out and grab hold of a wobbly toddler, as he runs past me, chasing his siblings.
“Good catch,” Nate says
“I’m worried this is a bad idea,” Madison continues. You know how much Olivia hates to be the center of attention. Is the shock good for her and the baby?”
“I agree with you, but he’s made up his mind.”
“And to make her…” She pauses.
“Make her what?”
“Dance. He’s going to invite her onto the dance floor.”
I raise my brow.
“It’s supposed to be a surprise,” she says ashamed.
“Don’t worry, I won’t say a word.”
I look down at the small lad tugging on my pant leg. “Uncle Carter, I have to pee.”
Nate laughs. “Let’s leave the man-nanny to do his job, Maddie. Katelyn just messaged she’s going to get them. You better be in the room when Ethan brings her in.”
Before I can respond, I look down to catch Trent heading toward the entrance to the toilets with his pants down around his ankles and his Johnson in his hand. “Whoa, buddy.”
“Have fun with that.” Nate takes Maddie’s hand and leads her back toward the ballroom.
I pick up the small boy and rush him inside to finish business. I should send myself a reminder to ask for a raise.
After rounding up all the strays, I herd them back into the ballroom and find a spot out of the way, where I can keep an eye on them.
I’m guessing from all the commotion, the guest of honor has finally joined the party.
“If I can have everyone’s attention, please,” the emcee requests. “We have a very special request from one of our long-time supporters, Ethan O’Connell, who would like to dedicate this first waltz to someone very special to him.”
I watch Ethan hold out his hand. Olivia looks up at him terrified, and I’m suddenly in the middle of an Irish déjà vu. I wonder this time if she’ll let him lead.
I watch from the dark corner. One eye on them, one on the kids, who are chasing each other around with balloons. I blink my eyes rapidly, thinking I’ve seen that mysterious woman in the shadows on the other side of the room. That’s when I see George and Mary. She lifts her hand and gives me a small wave. I nod and smile. I remember the day Ethan, and I ended up in that sad little shop in the middle of nowhere. We were on our way home from an all-night party; hungover, starving, and nearly out of fuel. There was something that drew Ethan into that shop, and I followed. That’s when we met the enchanting older couple. Mary welcomed us into her home and made us breakfast, while George filled the car with fuel. I enjoyed looking through their antiques and collectibles and hearing the stories that went along with them. It was sad to learn they had no children to help them look after things, and since business had been slow, the bills were piling up. I picked out a few trinkets and made them accept more money than they were worth. When we left, Ethan vowed to take care of them as long as he could. He said they felt like family to him, and he didn’t know why, but he had a strong need to make sure they didn’t have to worry about money anymore. I knew exactly what he meant. I felt it as well.
The music draws my attention back to the middle of the room, where Ethan confidently dances Olivia around the floor. A calm feeling washes over me, assuring me I no longer need to worry. Things look like they’re finally falling into place. When Ethan takes a knee and pulls a small ring box out of his pocket, I can tell the poor bastard is struggling to keep control of his emotions. Since he’s met this girl, I swear, he’s grown a pair of ovaries.
“Marry me.”
Olivia looks down at him, while the entire room awaits her answer. Not me, I know what her answer is.
“Yes, I’ll marry you. You’re my destiny… I couldn’t survive without you.”
Ugh, these two are so dramatic. But I know this to be true. She will be his in every life. I think I can finally let go. I have my own destiny to follow in this life. There’s going to be a lot of twists and turns on the road to my happily ever after, but I know, after the memories I’ve been shown in the past few weeks; it’s time for me to start that journey.

I make sure the children get some food into them, well, mostly sugar. We’ll call that payback. Marcus has finally given in and fallen asleep in the middle of the floor. I lift him into my arms before he gets trampled.
After finding him somewhere safe to sleep, I lean against the wall, looking down at my phone, hoping to have a message from Kate. I’ve tried to keep in touch with her, but things aren’t the same. I don’t know if that ship has sailed forever, but I hope she’ll give me another chance to make it right.
I get the feeling someone is watching me, and look up to find Olivia’s eyes on me. For the first time since I laid eyes on her, I don’t feel like I’m a ticking time bomb as she walks toward me. She stands in front of me, and we look into each other’s eyes.
“Congratulations,” I finally say, giving her a sincere smile.
“Thank you, Carter.”
“I hope that you two finally find happiness.”
She frowns. “Carter…”
“No, I really mean that,” I interrupt. “You two belong together. Don’t ever let anything, or anybody, come between you.”
“Thank you, Carter.” She wraps her arms around my chest and pulls me close. I return her hug, close my eyes, and kiss the top of her head.
“I was hoping you’d be here tonight. I wanted to give this to you.” She reaches into her bra and takes out a tightly folded document.
“What is it?” I take it out of her hands and try to flatten it.
“The results of the paternity test.”
I looked up at her shocked as I read it. “The baby is O’Connell’s.”
“Yes.”
“Why did you do this? I thought you were absolutely sure nothing happened between us that night.”
“I was, but you weren’t.”
I nod. She’s a good woman, and she deserves the very best. “You’re in good hands with O’Connell,” I whisper, squeezing her tightly one last time. “But I’ll always be around if you need me.”
She swallows hard, trying to hold back a deeply rooted emotional response. “I know, Carter.”
“Ahem,” a masculine voice interrupts. “Carter.”
Olivia loosens her grip and then takes a step back.
I extend my hand. “Congratulations, Ethan.”
“You’re not trying to steal my girl, are you, Brant?” he inquires in jest, as he shakes my hand.
I laugh out loud. “That wouldn’t be possible. It’s extremely clear she only loves you.”
At that very moment, our eyes lock and something mystical passes between Olivia and I. It brings with it an acknowledgment that sets us both free. The energy that has drawn us together, and kept our souls entwined like branches on a grapevine, magically disappears. After lifetimes of commitment, love, and loyalty, I’m finally Unbound.


 Epilogue 

Olivia smiles and tucks herself in under Ethan’s protective arm, and he looks down at her in admiration.
“Mmm, I’m a very lucky man. There’s someone I want to introduce you to.” As he leads her away, he glances back at me and gives me a half-grin. “I’m keeping my eyes on you, Brant,” he promises.
“And so you should. I think I’ve already told you, if you don’t worship her the way she deserves, someone else will.”
“Stop it, you two. If you ruin my engagement night with your immature, alpha male, pissing contest, I’m not going to be a very happy girl,” Olivia says in frustration.
“No worries, Beautiful,” I promise. “We’re just messing around. I have no intention of ruining this night for you.”
I put my hand on Ethan’s shoulder and walk with them, giving him a masculine pat on the back. “Just remember what I promised, big guy. If you don’t treat her right, I’m going to kick your ass.”
Ethan stops walking and gives me a serious look. “Carter. If I don’t treat her right, she’s going to kick my ass.”
There’s a brief moment of silence before we both throw our heads back in laughter. Olivia stands, with her weight on one hip, arms crossed, and looking unimpressed. “We could start with a double ass-kicking right now if you’d like.”
Ethan throws his hands up in the defeat. “No, no, I’m good.”
“Me, too,” I add, still chuckling.
“Hey… so tell me about this girl you met in Toronto. I hear it might be kind of serious.”
“Yes, Carter. For your own safety,” Olivia advises. “Tell us about your girl.”
“Brilliant subject change,” I say, giving Ethan a fist bump. I point down at Olivia’s nephew, Marcus, still asleep where I stashed him under one of the tables. “I’ll tell you about Kate another time,” I promise, as I carefully slide the boy out by his feet. “Tonight, I’m the hired nanny. I’ll take the kids back to the hotel, so your sister can stay and celebrate with you.”
Olivia watches as I lift the small boy into my arms. “Thank you, Carter. For everything.”
I smile and raise two fingers in the air as I walk away. “That’s two you owe me.”
