
Unfinished love - Joyce

Wong Hing Yip
	
Copyright 2016 by Wong Hing Yip
	
Smashwords Edition 















Suddenly want to look past some of the nostalgia for a variety of reasons, unable to bear fruit feelings, and try to record it, so that until to the doddering, even unable to back home , can still have a real commemorative certificate, otherwise the memories will fade out after dementia.

Two years ago, a madness hot movie "You Are the Apple of My Eye." Someone once said after watching: "Everyone has a goddess."Indeed, She was my goddess. And I was that a big fool.

Story began in 1991, when I sat in the classroom of an evening high school.

At the time I, daylight worked in a surveyor profession as Clerical Assistant. This would have been a very well known director. Today he has become an extremely important political in Hong Kong, high title character.

Unfortunately, until now, his performance is still quite disappointing. But this is just the way, it will not be described in detail.

After a busy day of work, every evening went to a private evening secondary school located in Sham Shui Po, attended a matriculation commercial course .

Subjects included Business Studies, Economics, Accounting, and Use of English.

There was not much worthy thing to be mentioned at the beginning, just remembered sitting in isolation was a boy named Johnny, a purchasing clerk, eighty percent freckled face, his eyes ofter narrowed in line as a small boy. He was so talkative that quickly became close friend.

My most important aim at that time was being an University student. Every night, 
I only focus on the blackboard and teachers’ each speech . Although the number of girls  more than boys, but apart from a short break at the time, curious to see if there were any beautiful neighborhood, or more curvy girls, so that I could make fantasy and sweet daydream for my refresh of mind. Very seldom in contact with other school girls, avoided any disturb of academic.

As for Johnny, compared with me, was rather silent and passive , rare to make friends with other students. But I just the opposite. Of course, the main target was still boys.

Soon making friends with two boys, I asked them to sit in front of us. Four boys quickly got close and formed a one-party, began copied homeworks from each other, played Street Fighter II in different video game centers overnight.

One of the two boys called Nelson, he was a student of interior design in daytime. His outlook as same as a little child, was estimated no more than five feet, but often shared his stories of dating, showed off his so-called successful skill of conquering a pretty girl! sometimes looked like investment professional, in all seriousness, used to analyze which stock suitable for speculation, or long-term investment, of course,  could not help but excited to tell us how much he had earned.

Another handsome guy called Eric, it was on the contrary a tall, thin, he always loved strapped to a plastic thick-framed black glasses, at first glance very much like a teacher, but also to teach the kind of stereotyped appearance in history. Compared to Nelson, the talk seemed far more pragmatic, reliable and honest .

He was actually an accounting clerk, I thought this industry was very suitable for him.

I liked to contact with Johnny and Eric at that time because both were honest, compared with Nelson, now recall, if I failed to control my EQ at that time, it might have been punching him undecided. Fortunately no such happened until he went to Australia to study, except there was one or two slightly sparks , basically could coexist peacefully.

One night of Accounting,while Johnny went picnic and absent from the class, his chair  naturally empty, and I put my notes and other portable backpack on his empty desk.

Unexpected, a short hair and cool, wearing a white shirt, pants Levis jeans, tall skinny girl who seemed quite charming, confidently pulled his chair to sit, and had no intention to ask me whether any classmate booked this empty chair.

"Receiving any new notes?" Chair not yet warm, she even abruptly asked me that anyone might feel funny and not quite "make sense" issue.

"Class already start for long time. Girl, you think we still receive nothing? ." I did not modify my words tone, nor any intention to amend.

"Share with me OK?" She confessed the same direct.

I nodded. Then Nelson suddenly turned his head curiously, took a look of the new-coming girl directly, also apparently gaze fixed on the girl's face.

Girl appeared to be very quick reaction , she sensed that staring, actively said hi to Nelson . He was a bit too late to respond, hastily turned back . I could not help sneering . Because this response proved that Nelson really a boastful guy, who made love over thirty minutes? I thought he was simply no any experience!

"Johnny absent?" Then Eric came back , gracefully sat down.

I handed my pager, which was the most popular communication equipment at that time to him, let him look at the message left by Johnny.

Pager sounded again, Johnny sent another message informed that he was coming back, no need to take notes for him .

Girl took out a most popular Sony Walkman from her backpack , and put it on the table, and then skillfully inserted a TDK D90 cassette tape, apparently ready to record.

"My friend will be back for a while, he used to sit besides me," I bluntly.

"Ask him to sit another place!" She was more impolite than me.

Not noticed that our teacher had entered the classroom. Despite disagreed with her altitude, but helpless to temporarily restrained .

This evening’s main topic was creating a balance sheet. Miss had ready for the new notes, also as usual to put a stack of notes submitted to the classmate sitting on the first lane, then he or she circulated back.

"Help me to get back previous notes!" The girl did not say thank you even, actually turned haughty command me to do things for her.

"I think these things should be handled by yourself!" I started frustrated tone significantly.

Suddenly Eric walked towards teacher and said a few words, then vaguely heard her promise of bring something back in next lesson , obviously Eric was helping the girl .

"She said she will bring back the notes to you, remember to remind her !" said with his slightly hoarse but magnetic tone ,commanded the girl.

Girl said thank you hearty, and then turned to me with some mocking tone:

"You see, your friend so gentleman than you, you have to review yourself!"

I ignored her, because Miss just picked up the microphone and began the lesson. I only focused on the lesson. This was my principle.

Of course there were special reasons for this principle.

Girl became silent.

Actually I did not like accounting, the reason for attending only because Accounting field had a stable demand in Hong Kong ! But one thing I could not imagine: the teacher was so beautiful and charming, led me to concentrate my mind of listening to her voice, accounting lesson became enjoyable .

She had a straight and long hair, always spoke with feminine calm. She always wore straight dress, black in color , sometimes dark brown, together with net color, no design patterns with lining. I always wondered she was a kind-hearted, and no struggling girl. Of course, if you wanted something picky , that was, relatively dark and rough skin, and too conservative dressing. Interlocking collar wasted her perfect body , otherwise could definitely give the boys a lot of fantasy, greatly increasing fun of studying!

I was dreaming,meticulous enjoying her beautiful and gentle leaning style. Mind had some unnatural tempting, and these delusions made some of physiological response!

"I am exhausted!" A familiar voice crack my sweet dream!

Johnny sat down angrily on the empty seat next to me, I waved my hands to ask him to sit with me, but I deliberately not took away the notes that originally belonged to me, I also pretended cool, nudging the notes to the girl's desk, and pointing to the notes, motioned to her. She immediately discontented, her eyes seemed burning.

The lesson was so boring that easily caused everyone felt to sleep, but when you see the pure face of my teacher, her charming would immediately wake you up, you did not want to sleep any more.

The bell rang , indicated the lesson ended, then I discovered that, Nelson and Eric had been made friends with this girl, named Kelly . Especially Nelson, he actively wrote his pager number on a small white paper, carefully folded , gently squeezed on both sides as a business card , accorded to Kelly. She seemed very excited, also could not help but showing a sweet sweet smile, by that smile was apparently suppressed, her heart of excitement, or her true response, should jump to collapsed laughing, kissed or hugged him and the like.

A moment's thought, felt myself undervalue and underestimate Nelson’s dating skill.

I was going to leave the classroom, because of tired, I yawned, then head right and left unconscious turning.

Sight suddenly focus on the left corner of the last four chairs,which still sitting with four young girls ,seemed not intend to leave the classroom, attracting me too much .

Four different girls, each with different and beauty style . A typical had watery, big dark soul , seemed could absorb you into her black hole, assembled with the same bright black straight hair. Another one was the traditional appearance of OL, skill obviously artificial bleaching by whitening product , curled as if lapping waves at beach, slightly golden hair, and then set off from a little askew and her age, alien gold spectacles. As for the last two rows, one was the traditional haircut school girl look, did not apply any cosmetics, dressing was also very casual , gray T-shirt and blue jeans randomly. Despite relatively mediocre appearance, but no ugly teenage girls in the world , still could distribute youthful fresh, pure and flavor.

They seemed notice me, I immediately turned my head. Losing opportunity to admire the last one of their group.

Now recall this scene, might be The God gave me a hint, warned me that I would experience a memorable love story., and reminded me I should ignore the outset and savor with this girl.

"But she is really my cup of tea" I deeply believe my feeling at that moment .

The second night was my favorite subject of Economics, and our seats also began a slight change .Nelson did not ask my approval, occupied my previous seat. But this was just what he wanted, and also a minor matter., so I let him continue without any objection.

Of course, Kelly and I had had a little ripples thrown later, but in retrospect, it was really a funny story. Compared with story with another girl, it really just liked a shot!

Although the teacher teaching Economics was not a pretty girl, but I still loved and enjoyed the lesson. Because of his teaching method was really quite vivid, often came up with some live examples to explain the theory, such as Law of Demand, Opportunity Cost and so on. And often raise many questions to brainstorm us .By the way, he always encouraged us to ask him questions, really a good and professional teacher.

I carefully listened to his speech, also no hesitating to ask him question . To some extent, my purpose of raising questions was to test his ability and level of knowledge. Sometimes he needed to think my questions for a while, or the answer was not clear. I would  unconsciously felt good and be satisfied.

Nelson also liked challenging him, especially tonight, double than usual number of questions, seemed to show off himself.

During the short break, I took the opportunity to compensate for the loss of my last night. Taking advantage of chatting with Johnny, peeped at those four girls whom later called the "four flowers" .

Finally I could see the true appearance of the last girl.

To my first impression, on the appearance, she wore a typical executive suite, and some distance from others. She had neither young school girl feeling to attract people, and no such pair of big and bright eyes.

However, she had something caught my eyes.

She always wore a sincere smile as angel-like, and this kind of angel-style smile, exhibited with two one-yen coin size dimples , fully revealed that she was an extremely kind-hearted girl, might be an excellent wife and mother. She would be profession in cooking, would teach her kids well, would share her husband's difficult, help him to solve his problems. Who become her husband would be the luckiest guy in the world.

I was on this fantasy for a whole day.

Her David Beckham style smile, even made me absent-minded, failed to hear all speech from teachers!

Nelson advised to play TV game after school. On the way to TV game centre, Nelson suddenly became extremely high, danced and sang in the street.

"This girl is so cool, so challenging, must conquer her!" He started insane!

"You mean the trouble girl, bad taste............ hey yeah!" Nelson chased and kicked me!

"It's very challenging! She is my cup of tea, feel very congenial ah!" He muttered.

" You can relax and date her slowly! No any competitors!" I said.

"Bull shit!" another kick coming.

"Yes, yes, she is the class flower" Eric started naughty .

We walked with laughing and jogging, and soon arrived a game center, occupied two Street Fighter 2 machine at once.

‘This night I want to try Chun Li”.

Actually Ken & Ryu was previously my favorite fighters, so this was my first time using Chun-Li, because of not familiar with her skill, I soon lost.

I looked at Chun-Li, suddenly dreamed of my angel!

"If she wear like Chun Li, should look good, this blue short skirt can expose her slender  charming legs." I even did not know why my brain created such strange stir idea.

Unfortunately, there was no any cosplay activity at that time, otherwise I would recommend her to be a real Chun Li.

After the fun, Nelson invited us to sing karaoke on coming Saturday.

I was the first one to say yes , not only because I was extremely fond of singing , but also had an opportunity to see his performance.

I mean not his singing skill, most I wanted to see was his dating skill! Really wanted to see his ability.

Nelson tried to invite Kelly to join the KTV function on Friday’s English lesson.

"I have no interest in singing." Sound with very decisive tone.

Nelson became upset and depressed.

Nelson looked down, soon turned silence.

Recess time, Kelly acted without compassion, mercilessly moved away to the seat next to four flowers.

Four flowers still concentrated in their topics, I wondered if they had lots to talk , obviously did not notice that Kelly was going to join the flowers club.

"Really hard to communicate, she is so ego. Very difficult!" Nelson biting his lips, still choked tone.

I patted his shoulders . In fact I thought this Kelly was too rude, treated Nelson satyr-like, I could not control glare at her .

She really needed to improve her manner .

The four of us felt dignified, after school I advised them to MacDonald.

"She said she liked singing, often participated in singing competitions. She wanted to let me down?" Nelson drinking chocolate milkshake, the mood was still somewhat low.

"She has a boyfriend!" Johnny wondered.

"Even if she has a boyfriend, so what? No reason to ignore me!"

Nelson shook his head, as if motioning me not to say any more.

This time I had strong desire to help him , and more wanted to see this girl whether really iron-heart!

Although there was no Kelly appeared, we still honor our agreement on Saturday to sing K.

We chose a KTV box in Mongkok, sang for a whole day.

They found my voice was quite good, encouraged me to enroll singing contests. But I turned down, explained to them I actually participated before , but other competitors were too profession. In addition, there were many factors affecting the results , not worth to waste enrollment fee .

We didn’t want to go home after KTV, Moreover, Nelson wanted to listen our opinions about dating Kelly. We finally went to a pub , held our meeting to find out the way to "counterattack" Kelly 's heart.

"What should I do on next Monday ? She has moved the seat.” Nelson wondered with some disconsolate.

"Let us follow her ,move our seat next to her, then make friends with the four flowers . After acquainted with them, began to organize some group activities, if the four flowers join, Kelly will be hard to refuse as she has been a member of their team. Then Nelson try your best to make her feel good and happy."Very surprised, Eric’s idea was so close to my idea.

"You also notice the four girls." I asked .

"Of course, there are two looks really not bad."

"Yes, then you have not paid attention to the other two?" I continued.

"That's two very common, not much impressed."

I was secretly applauded.

Then Nelson questioned the possibility of this idea, but of course I said this idea was excellent. I also said this idea was so efficiency that three of us could date the four flowers at the same time, in futures our activities would be wonderful as four couples joined , he finally expressed support.

This night we played very crazy, also drank a lot. Nelson vomited when he just left the pub, Johnny and Eric also very difficult, although I still awake, but began dizziness, very, very hard. Someone suggested to find a nearby place to sleep, we simply counted to a nearby park, vaguely remembered after I vomited, then felt sleep immediately!

We felt regret to those cleaners, after we left, they needed to clean hell lot of vomit and urine and the like, they really toiled!

Monday Business Studies lesson, the four of us spontaneously returned to the classroom earlier than usual, occupied previous four seats of the four flowers.

Kelly was absent this night. Nelson naturally disappointed.

But someone gained happy while another one was sad. 

Haha! This was easily to guess!

I was sitting in front of the OL, but Johnny just in front of the big-eye girl. In order to make friends with the four flowers, I borrowed a notes from the OL. 

After all, I was separated by a whole row , I thought that there was too hastily to talk to her behind two beautiful girl, also quite lacking natural and unexpected. So started talking to this girl named Rebecca , and then through other topics, so we got to know each other after deepen the understanding and communication with cherubs.

As for the big-eye girl called Maggie.

Johnny always been reticent, so only me chatted with the two girls in the rest time.

As Eric and Nelson constantly self-serving in their topic, but of course I did not, nor could hear what they were saying!

Rebecca told me she was working in a large British bank as customer service officer, so always in formal dressing. And Maggie still unemployed, she intended to enter the accounting field after finishing the LCCI and A.Level course.

I told Eric about her future career path, warmly encouraged him to teach Maggie how to fulfill her dream, took the opportunity to get to know each other. Now I retrospect, do not know why I performed this enthusiastic matchmaker at that time!

Nelson still looked glum after lesson. I advised to go to MacDonald, but everyone seemed  no intention to go , only went home finally!

That night was my favourite accounting lesson, Miss tonight obviously had carefully dressed, wearing black stockings, but also a little bit of makeup. more attractive than before.

In addition to vaguely heard about Eric started talking with Maggie I did not know how many greeting sentence, and noted that Kelly still absent. My heart was filled with countless love stories:

She and I alone singing k, I sing "Love you more every day" to her, she immediately nestled in my chest ............

We went to the Maldives for whole holidays, forgot everything , only played and swim. Until hungry,then had a sumptuous candlelit dinner, listened to the wave sound. Then hand in hand back to the hotel ............

She gave me the most valuable first-night, we made love through the night .........

I needed to go to restroom then! !

I was so sorry that I completely ignored my angel this night!

I was really tired, a little gait disturbance, fortunately no any after-school activity, finally went to bus stop to wait for bus.

My mind still full of her body. Meanwhile,a Victory II model bus slowly arrived, and that deafening sound of the engine woke me up.

As I looked around, try to find out whether any empty seat , a girl suddenly said Hi behind me .

I turned my head with surprise.

Another angel exhibited her sweet smile and looked at me .

"This bus can go to Tuen Mun Town Centre ?" Her voice turned out to be so gentle and generous, made me like being electric shock.

"Yes ... for" I sound a little bouncing.

" Hurry up! Bus start moving. " Her sweet smile could not be resisted.

Both of us occupied a 2-seater quickly, possibly just in school consumed a lot of "energy", or overwhelmed after meeting the other angel, I lost balance and caused my face crashing into the cash box of the bus.

"All right, you have a lot of forehead sweat, wipe it now!" Angel handed me a tissue.

She seemed really very kind-heart! ! But if she could help me to wipe would be better for me personally! !

I lost my balance again after the bus stopped rapidly, but fortunately she immediately held on me, otherwise I might make a fool again.

This could be regarded as the first time intimate between us!

I tried to be gentlemen, let angel sat near the window, she immediately returned me a sweet smile. 

I wanted to inform her she could get off at the first bus stop in Tuen Mun , could go to the destination. However, due to the engine of the bus was too noisy, I said loudly for three times, but she seemed not receive my message clearly .

Therefore the following half-hour we kept silence, I could only enjoy seeing her sleepy face , or sometimes she woke up then looked around outside.

"She also live in Tuen Mun? But why only see her tonight? Oh! Should not, otherwise she need not ask me the way." I realized.

Her left hand held the gills, looking out the dark outside environment, obviously being mused.

"What's she thinking of? Why she go to Tuen Mun tonight?" I raised a series of silly question.

Unfortunately, camera phone was not yet invented, otherwise her beauty while thinking might secretly photographed. And unfortunately no what's app, otherwise this photo might sent to her, with adding some red hearts, to made her remember me!

Sometimes she returned sweet smile to me, after discovered my sight.Every smile gave me feeling like half drunk! Absolutely unforgettable!

Two girls showed their charming. I totally powerless, but also did not want to parry! !

There was always traffic congestion in Tuen Mun Road, however, tonight was abnormal smooth , I really wanna a ten car pile traffic accident caused traffic gridlock , so that the engine of the bus could not run, making us talk freely, got a better mutual understanding!

Sight could reach Tuen Mun, I immediately pressed the bell . She indicated she was ready to get off .

After arrival, looking her leave and gave smile to me again, I returned her a smile.

On leaving the bus stop, I found my angel hurriedly looked around, as if the surrounding environment seemed quite strange.

"Shit" I shouted.

"Why don’t accompany with her? I really stupid." I rebuked myself .

Back to my home, in my brain, questioned again why I so stupid? Even I got off on next bus station, I could run back to Tuen Mun Town Plaza, where she got off  .

Alas! I looked like a big clumsy turtle!

I immediately took a bath, then went to sleep with moody!

Another Economics lesson, this evening Sir Li began teaching "The law of diminishing marginal utility" theory. He raised eating chocolate as an example, explained that the satisfaction would gradually increase at the beginning, then to the stomach felt full, or when feeling began boring, satisfaction would shrink .

Nelson suddenly stood up, raised an interesting question making the whole class burst into laughter :

"I would like to ask, as you say, if we date girls , is more satisfied at first, in case you have more than one girlfriend, but after a certain number of lovers, they began to jealousy, or stop stalking you, and want you to choose, or after knowing your romantic history, then begin quarreling, so that you begin worried and tired. Is this example fulfilling this theory ? "

All people seemed watching Stephen Chow's movie, could not stop laughing, including Kelly, a lot of tears dropped from her eyes!

After hearing Kelly’s voice, Nelson became full of energy, returned to his usual confidence.

He sat next to Kelly actively, after two squeak squeak ye said ye not stop.

As for me, obviously felt lonely, four flowers totally devotion to their little world, and prohibited anyone entering this world!

But I still had harvest, I could know my angel’s name was Joyce, worked in a legal firm as a secretary.

We had gathering after lesson in MacDonald as usual,but this time adding a new member: Kelly.

Nelson was great! He could get close to Kelly for a short period.

We sat in the upper floor hidden corners, each bought potato fries, apple pie and cola and so on, to share.

Kelly was an operator in pager center, a hot job in the early nineties, but job requirement was that you could type at least fifty Chinese words per minute. 

She explained to us because she had to work night-shift, so missed several lessons. I said most Hong Kong people worked busy and for long time, absent was very common.

But she said that my opinion was completely nonsense!

Nonsense? ? bullshit !! 

I wanted to retort, but after seeing Nelson's face, Eric gently took my arm, fearing I launch an attack. Okay! Temporarily kept silence!

Kelly calmed down rapidly, then began to talk about her job, and later complained about  facing bad manners from inbound call, for example, foul language in case she was silently slow. This situation similar to those working in Jockey Club. Three boys then comforted her with gentle. .

Three boys focus on her. This time Kelly looked like their angel , they actively introduced himself, speaking so-called jokes. Overall atmosphere was soon brought warm. But I had no intention to do the same thing.

How I pass the time? I simply took some notes for studying! So after what they said was none of my business!

This picture had some awkward and uncoordinated. However, this is my way!

"Leave now!" Johnny patted my notes and stood up.

Kelly lived in Ma On Shan and had to catch the bus, unfortunately, bus stop very close to my stop, I was forced to walk with her!

I kept silence and prevented any eye-contact with Kelly. Of course I also wanted to take the opportunity to look at Joyce , she might be nearby. but look at my watch, near eleven pm, she might be back to home. But if I could meet her, it was believed to be destined we were match!

"I heard you singing well!" Kelly actually teased me, I thought.

"I don’t know." I was cold response.

"Nelson advised to sing KTV this Saturday, are you OK?"

"He did not tell me."

"Just now you were very hard to study, so do not bother you."

"Ah!"

"I want to hear you sing, if you go, I promised him to join" This enemy made me incredible, totally puzzled!

"Let me consider." 

"Actually I was a outspoken person, please don’t mind!" She was a bit humble.

I immediately turned around, looked her face and also curious to see her eyes, indeed brought some apologetic. She suddenly casually fiddled her short hair , inadvertently almost dropped her glasses.

"Just a minor thing!" Haha, I actually prevailed.

"Goodbye!" She suddenly ran as Olympic runner, sprinting away from me, her bus was coming. 

I could not see if she could catch up with the bus, but to her usual speed should be no problem.

But my bus was totally ignoring me to run away, estimated wasting at least fifteen minutes to wait for the next bus.

When I was waiting the next bus, my mind suddenly developed a little bit of curiosity about Kelly, thinking the reason of her mood changed frequently, like the weather. Sometimes very polite, sometimes hard to communicate.

“Why do I think about Kelly?”I was a little fear.

"Should I go to the KTV gathering?" It was a big question .

Finally, I promised to go . At that time I thought that if I rejected , Kelly might not join the function too. Nelson then lost opportunity to date Kelly, and secondly he might suspect me and she had any unusual relationship. Although he had a very low chance of thinking this point, but could not rule out this possibility.

I did not want any unnecessary misunderstanding.

Another reason was that I had enrolled in a public singing competition, which organized by a shopping mall, I wanted to take opportunity to practice.

Our party of six people, yes, Kelly invited her friend named Shan, to join together. We still went to the KTV box of Sai Yeung Choi Street.

Shan drawn out attention and warm welcome. First of all, her appearance looked like a superstar, same long hair and oval face, clear & innocent feeling , although slightly thin  body, but her petite size could offset it.

Another attracting to our line of sight, she was wearing s a very short skirt, exhibited her legs fully, though not very slender but still white! 

Kelly was relatively conservative, and she only wore a beige one-piece dress with flower, her dress set off with short hair, gave me a youth feeling and brought some sense of modesty.

Three big boys forgot singing completely, only surrounding Shan, as bees approaching beauty flowers, thus Kelly and me could easily sang more than twenty songs. 

Nelson told me she also interested in enrolling singing contest, but after three songs, found her technique not prominent, so I tried to share my knowledge of improving singing technique to her.

But one thing worth to appreciated, she really a serious and hard-working girl, also willing to hear other people's opinion. She picked up her walkman immediately , then recorded her voice, listened again and again, try to find out any mistake to be corrected.

The other was the extent of fever in singing, absolutely more than me. Actually her voice was quite clear, if she could improve her technique, then would have bright future.

I told her this thinking, she returned me a sweet smile .

Johnny and Eric returned to singing , but Nelson ............ Oh! Nelson completely ignored Kelly, his eyes only had Shan.

At this moment, I sympathized with Kelly. Began to pay attention to her, looked carefully any trace of displeasure, discomfort .

But until the end, I only saw her focus on each song, also heard silently improvement on her skill, luckily not find anything unusual.

We went to eat Pizza after KTV function. We were arranged a round table, Nelson and Shan preemptively sat together. Kelly and I became closer, all misunderstanding disappeared, I felt all right to sit together with her.

Plus she and I had common hobby, we continued to talk about when we started to like singing, favourite singer. I told her that I love singing from primary 6, began practice immediately after coming home, these anecdotes made her grin. And she also shared her story such as participating school choir in her childhood, then began learning piano, so cultivate an interest in music and singing.

Her piano level had reached level eight, she prayed before having meal, was already a baptized Christian.

This night the atmosphere was quite good, after dinner Nelson suggested to pub.

Both of us no problem, raised our hands to say yes. But Kelly said she had night shift , failed to go.

We chose the round table near the door, which we used to sit.

Shan obviously night-live lover, skillful in playing, then burning a cigarette, exhaled a few irregular patterns smoke ring.

This was a bit unexpected for me, her appearance not seemed to be a smoker, the kind of teen idol image completely destroyed . 

Fortunately, I had no intention to be more in-depth relationship with her, but opposite, Nelson did not mind, took her cigarette and then inserted into his mouth, and then used her little purple lighter to light it.

Shan politely handed cigarette over and asked the three of us , but we both politely refused.

Non-smoking ordinance not enforced on that days, so the pub was smoky. But I was really not interested in smoking, I thought it was not worthy to bring whole lifetime of healthy bet.

But Nelson and Shan seemed both very congenial. I wondered why Kelly could make friends with her, they were quite difference.

Later realized that they were high school classmates, also neighbors living on the same floor and same building. Under this dual fate, naturally they became good friends.

This night everyone was very high, drank a lot. While we were excited to play, we did not want to go home .

Nelson suddenly pulled me out of the pub.

He began floating gait, I gently pulled him, lest he fall.

He began to vomit, fortunately I agile to dodge it, but that strong alcohol smell made me near to vomit too.

"I want you to accompany me to buy flowers ......... OK?" Nearly twelve o'clock at night, that someone made such a request .

"Flower shop not closed?" I questioned.

"She is really my cup of tea. I want to buy flowers for her to show my love" Oh! I understood!

"But this is midnight, all shops closed!" I reminded him.

"I guess some still not closed ,give it a try!" He seemed very determined.

OK let’s do it, I also needed to go outside, the environment of the pub too smoky! We hobbled, luckily still managed to walk.

Nelson was really lucky, one small flower shop near the end of the street still had lights. We immediately went.

We saw a fat middle-aged woman , was busy to put so many small potted plants inside the shop, seemed to close soon. Accompanied her was a tiger-patterned kitten. She was cleaning her fur with tongue , a leisurely look, did not care two drunk boy gradually approached.

"Excuse me, still have flowers to sell ?" Nelson a little anxious.

"Nearly closed, leaving some Fire Lily only." She was a little gruff.

"OK. Please pack for me." actually each flower type has different meaning, but we really knew nothing about it. I thought if the woman said only had white chrysanthemum, Nelson also purchased undecided!

Nelson happily holding the flower, limped back to the pub. Since I' had started vomiting, head was dizzy, but he only thought about his girl, no intention to wait and take care of me.

A suspected mental problem, topless middle-aged man, kept saying foul language, noisy in my side, clearly saw his right hand holding an empty bottle. To avoid any accident due to his disorder, I hurriedly speed up to the pub.

This time the pub had been filled with people, I nearly crashed by another drunk guy!

Shan holding the Fire Lily, blushed with deeply intoxicated. Then he & she French kiss for nearly a minute . We shouted with applause!

We drank two round more, again chose a park for drunken sleep !

Woke up in the morning, but could not find Nelson and Shan. Then look at my pager message, said they had other place to have fun, no need to wait for them.

"Fun ??" The three of us sensed that they probably went to clock hotel !

So we found a public telephone unit, replied as following:

"Remember to use condom!"then we both laughed crazily.

Unfortunately it was unable to test his sex ability, whether could make love over thirty minutes! ! This answer the three of us would like to know! !

One week later of, Kelly informed us she would have night shift this week, so could not attend class, so I volunteered to take notes for her.

Kelly got my pager number from somewhere, may or may not be Nelson! At Friday night around twelve o'clock, she left a phone number to me.

I dialed the number, it was her home.

"No need for night shift?" I curiously asked.

"Tonight I leave earlier, just return home."

"I took notes for you, next week you can go to school?"

"I applied for day shift, has been approved by my company, so I can come back ."

"That's good."

"I remember you participate in a singing competition, practice well?"

"When I take a bath, I practice at the same time every day, can save a lot of time, the first round will be held in next month, still have time"

"Too rush, don’t be lazy ! You may come to my home tomorrow, I also participate a singing contest in Sha Tin, I want you to listen then comment."

"Tomorrow ... Let me think," I'm a little surprised.

"Just in the afternoon. Moreover, I think my piano accompaniment can help you, better than you practice alone, at least I can guide and give you comment."

"Ha ha! Let me think about it, I reply you tomorrow morning!" I laughed because her self-confidence.

"I will be at home tomorrow morning, you can dial this number . See you tomorrow!"

"Okay, bye!" She seemed quite lovely sometimes.

On the way to Ma On Shan, where she lived.

I listened to my favourite songs, then used a mirror, to inspect my face, looking for any dander. If found, I would brush it away completely.

I forgot whether I had inspected my shirt, a little nervous again checking collar. May be I forgot to wear a tie, the feeling seemed somewhat unruly. But this dress code could give me at least a little bit of unbridled .

I continued to listen to my songs, so that my mood relaxed some, but I still felt invisible pressure from my own heart because this was my first time to visit a girl’s home .

My breathing a bit more difficult, also my heart bit increased, suddenly appeared a idea of returning home, might release this inexplicable pressure if I do so. Fortunately, this idea soon disappeared.

Bus soon to terminus, I let all the passengers to leave first, intentionally or unintentionally saw the driver's eyes in the rear-view mirror when reflected off, flashed a little bit dissatisfied with the look, I did not know whether I was too slow to get off the bus.

I went to a nearby convenience store, used a public phone to call Kelly, she said she left home and pick me to her home immediately , still rapid speaking . I waited for her in the process, read magazine and newspaper . And later I bought a boxed 375ml lemon tea to drink, when I waited for cashier, saw the red and green packaging condoms carelessly , shown under the cash register. I could not help hesitating whether I should buy for preparedness But more and more people line up to pay made me embarrassed, so I stopped this unfinished choices.

Kelly dressed with refreshing and casual dark blue skirt plus blue flip-flops, walking lightly towards me.

" Not have lunch yet? Try my dishes!"

"You know cooking?" I had some surprises.

"Of course, I need to prepare meals for my brothers and sisters, so I know cooking in my childhood. My mother used to say know to cook is a virtue that can keep a man's heart."

I raised my thumb praised her, because I absolutely agreed with what she said.

Unfortunately, Time has changed, fewer and fewer Hong Kong girls understanding the value and benefits of this virtue. They would rather go out to eat every night, lazy to cook, choosing trapped in a small grocery store which can not be sedentary, a lot of people waiting outside. This change in the value of the concept, I am really at a loss!

Kelly took me to her eighth floor home, her building was typically a Y3 type of public housing, which was the same to my home. I could not help sweating cheek because the lift was full and hot. There were two drops of sweat, muttering unscrupulous untimely fell to the ground, my face was burning up!

Her family was very close to the elevator lobby, but I failed to check the flat number. In fact at this moment my mind was a little chaos, like a computer hanged, but I had no idea about the reason for this situation.

After entering her home, immediately smelled a little bit like the fragrant scent of white orchids.

"Please take off your shoes." She told.

"OK!"

When I followed her instruction, Kelly went into the kitchen, this moment I was shocked  there was another fat woman wearing a traditional blue aprons cloth , then seemed to hear the woman told Kelly to serve her guest .

I had too much in the heart of evil! My cheeks was more hot, more sweat!

"Wow Wow!" I almost scared out of wits by that sudden intense barking !

"Stop !" It should be ordered by Kelly's mother, then the white like Beijing,calmed down immediately, its naughty tail turned around and around.

" You're welcome! Sit down please!"

"Aunt Hello," .

Her speed of speaking and movement was significantly faster than her daughter, Kelly often anxious liked, rapid rhythm of life obviously copied from her mother.

I was a little stiff to sit on a three-seater brown leather sofa, a high softness sofa, experience told me that every time sitting on such type of sofa, drowsiness would keep uninvited come. So I tried to look around, thinking about other matters, prevented such happened.

That was typical four-person flat, between the two rooms, the walls were all painted pale pink, two doors hung by a cross in the same manner. Thirty two inches big TV was broadcasting breaking news, its imposing towering body lying on a long cabinet, on the left and right side each split most popular Pioneer LD players and same brand of video cassette recorders . There were several Stephen Chow's movie discs cross stood with.

"Drink it!"

"Not you cooking ?" I asked her with very quietly curious.

"Mommy says my cooking technique not satisfied , would rather personally done by her. Hehe" rare giggle.

"No wonder! But you have so many years of experience." I wondered.

"Next time I will make her amazement, I would seriously enhance my technique!" She was a bit unhappy!

"Kelly, help me to set up the table now! Food ready!" Her mother's voice was eminently qualified to the market selling.

Food seemed quite good taste, made my stomach drums, especially the kind of slightly fermented bean curd scent, saliva poured out of my mouth !

Fat Beijing regarded me as family member, briskly sat down near my legs and led out his tongue , looked very comical. I could not help touching its head, he liked watching a stimulant, wagging tail unstoppable, his tongue led into my black trousers , playing spin.

Really very cute little boy, especially his body obesity, walked with funny inflexible, swinging round , really wanted to immediately take him home as pet.

Ears suddenly filled with crisp piano sounds .


Under carefully to listen the piano voice, occasionally stiff found, lack of humanity . Probably because the pianist too seriously, clinging to excessive detail of each note.

She was playing my favourite singer, Priscilla Chan’s "Night flight", and then repeated one more time, adding her singing . Then told me she had chosen this song for singing contest.

She was extremely serious, ignored aunt repeatedly urged to have lunch!

Indeed, compared to the previous karaoke function, her singing technique really had some progress, at least improvement on breathing, relatively mellow voice!

I admired at her improvement, but she did not seem satisfaction, complained failure to perform perfectly. I reminded her the lunch was ready, tried another practice after lunch, she seemed depressed for the whole lunch time.

"I'm so sorry, she is such kind of girl, she always sings sleepless . She says you sing excellent, want you to stay with her, listen her singing and then give opinion, this meal treated as our thanksgiving! "Aunt quite polite.

"You’re welcomed. Besides, I rarely come to Ma On Shan."

"There is no any beautiful spots, you see just a large construction site, still under development. The only one who's most famous attraction is Wu Kai Sha, a former camping resort and dating place, later ask Kelly to take you to there!" Aunt looked very excited, seemed to have intention to sell her daughter to me.

"Do not talk so much, rice becoming cold!" Kelly seemed discontented.

"She is straight forward, but the heart is kind." Aunt hurried to explain, seemed really scared because Kelly exposed her bad-temper and poor impression to me.

Totally three dishes with a bowl of soup, including my favorite fermented bean curd , as well as steamed croaker , lean burn off the green carrot soup. I appreciated aunt’s cooking, but absolutely not flattering to her courtesy, but really good skills, very tasty. Later knew that her father was a cooker, opening food stall, some cooking skills could be learned.

I asked her why she did not inherit the business , she said the prospect of the business not optimistic, the new generation would tend to consume in large chain restaurant gradually . And the working environment was too poor, especially in Summer. So she occasionally worked in the stall , the rest time would work in a supermarket as cashier. 

She predicted twenty years ago, nowadays partly fulfilled. Fortunately, internet development creates some website such as Openrice , providing a lot of information, both large and small restaurant are included.

The lunch was very tempting for me to fill the stomach fully, and aunt seemed, quite happy.

Kelly seemed very rush after lunch, then she urged me to enter her bedroom .

She continued to practice her song, then asked my opinion. Since I already knew her temper, so I decided unreservedly to criticize her, let her know I could be serious.

"Your beat and intonation is quite good, especially breathing improved a lot. But your voice too bland and flat, this song's melody already not too many up and downs, but you sing without any feeling, I'm going to yawn! "In retrospect, I really acted as a singing contest judge .

But the worst thing was not expected to happen, I saw her face suddenly flushed, tears began welling, also immediately crashed into the bathroom, bang sound of closing the door almost shocked me deeply. With time I saw Aunt eyes, after some surprise, instead with a little bit of anger and unfriendly sight, looking at me.

"OMG!!!"

Fat Beijing also took the opportunity to insult to injury, squatting stared bark bark. I instinctively stepped back, but that damn piano went straight to my lumbar cone, drove its again bark !

Waist pain made tears sweat ejected , I really wanted to cry!.

"Are you all right!" Kelly with a very calm and gentle tone of sympathy. I wanted to reply, but I really painful, completely speechless, so just waved my hand to indicate alright.

She bold off my shirt, using her just cleaned, but also a little cold hands, pushed down by a dozen of my waist, then the shirt sleeve back indiscriminately in my trousers.

"Feel comfortable!" She said without mercy.

Not to be completely healed my pain, she suddenly asked me to accompany her to Wu Kai Sha, aimed at getting some fresh air.

I glanced at her and found no any tears dirt in her eyes. I did not know naturally drying, or simply pretended crying, just purely made temper to vent about her dissatisfaction with poor performance?

This girl really liked summer common short scattered showers!

Drying cool autumn along with little gray haze , opposite Pat Sin Leng covered with a little misty 

Kelly and I sat on a wooden bridge to chat.

A couple was flirting in front of us , seemed very open, always French kiss, the boy’s right hand obviously serving his girlfriend’s breast!

"Too open, have to call police!" Kelly turned angry and complained.

"Not too many people here!" I countered her.

"You men-kind, like wide animals, only focus on sex." She looked at the pair of lovers with contempt, then looked at me.

I turned speechless, all of a sudden had no way to deal with this emotional girl. Or just talking and laughing along the way with harmony, she also told me many anecdotes occurred in her company, and she often sang loudly at home, sometimes opened all windows, then practice towards the street , got complaints from neighbour. But when she came to this beaches, seeing the lovers’ behaviour, turned 180-degree of the attitude immediately , similar to previous at her home, I was really at a loss.

"Jimmy too selfish , didn’t respect me, I repeatedly told him I was a Christian, no sex before getting married, but he just recklessly ........."

"Who is Jimmy?" I puzzled.

I suddenly heard she was weeping!

She fell on my thigh, the body kept twitching. I could not response, only stared at her!

"I'm sorry, it just very rude!" She suddenly looked up, wiping away her tears, intended looking for paper towels, but could not found.

I remembered I had a bag of Tempo , then slowly took one handed to her, she took a few  nod.

"Your boyfriend is anxious goat?" I asked curiously.

She nodded again.

"He wanted sex just after the first dating ?"

"No, about three months or so."

"This is normal! reasonable!" I immediately sensed my reply too straight forward.

Oh shit! She immediately opened fire .

"You men-kind, consider yourself only, no sense of taking care of a girl, just treat we are prostitutes, throw us away in case we refuse to contribute our body ........."

I also started a little annoyed, felt she really vexatious, so bluntly counterattack.

"Don’t think our men-kind as animal, OK? Every man has sex desire, it is inborn, no problem, if you really hate this, just simply be a Les! "

She suddenly stopped fire , then cried again.

At this moment I wanted to leave her alone, I could not communicate with such girl, entangled with her was a waste of time, she should consult a psychiatrist! !

I really put into action, stood up and said loudly that I would not comfort you anymore. After then strode away.

Then I found the busy flirting couple, focus of attention had been put on us, even worse was that I saw the boy, hastily put away that seemed to be used as a mock to us.

I felt very embarrassed, ran away as fast as possible.

I ran about hundred meters or so, my mind suddenly remembered something as important that my bag left in her home.

"I have to go back ???" I cursed myself .

Finally I decided to run back, with speed as Lewis , she just stopped crying, tears casually brushed by her hands. My mind hanged, could only stay at her back, completely did not know how to ask her to get back my bag.

Coincidentally my pager sounded, Nelson said he would be absent on next Monday , asked me to take notes and recordings for him. After I finished reading, found that Kelly looked at me innocently , and then showed me shyly smiled. A young girl showing you this kind of smile was supposed to be touching and charming. But when you' had seen her unstable emotion, together with little bit brutal, such smile would considered as symbol of another storm.

In order to preventing any conflict , and successfully took back my bag, I only replied her stiff smile.

"I'm sorry. Scared you? I'm just confused, forgive me!" seemed issued in the heart of the guilty.

"It does not matter. Take it easy." I try to put it mildly.

"I suddenly want to sing, can you sing a few songs with me ? Find some chorus, OK?" I had prepared for her emotional mutation, anyway, just sing, in order to take back the bag that was alright.

Those open-minded lovers had gone away , but the path next to the small beach, more and more taking tripod and camera bag guys, walking far to near, approached us, then expertly set up the tripod. My eyes slowly felt some warm and soft orange light flash into my eyes, already stepping sunset.

These people might want to shoot some sunset salon. Then I look ahead in a simply scared to Heaven! ! The blue light orange sky separating three levels of color, and more jubilant, seeing those clouds turned burnt red, just like those of the Fire Dragon Goddess Sky refining the world of myth, was absolutely divine gift, it was a sight completely adsorbed to the fairyland. Those click, click sound in the ears, accompanied by the cheers of those photographer humming. I wondered why I not taking my camera !

That beauty had made me as taking the cocaine-like intoxicated, originally just a small piece of the range of fire, suddenly swallowed up other tracts , more than a red-colored cloud, triggering burning everywhere. The click, click sound was more dense, I believed they took to carry out the photo-finishing process , one or more photos might be an immortal masterpiece, would be scattered in the large and small photographic exhibition, became treasure.

Watching them race against time to put a new film, and then discussing the ideas and concepts of photographs , I became interested in photography.

Kelly gave a pull on my sleeves, she spent some impatient eyes on me.

"Get ready? One pair of lonely heart, OK? ......" She did not wait for my response, started singing.

Her wayward completely destroyed my appreciation of sunset beauty, I swore this was the last time serving her, if she invited me to teach her singing, I would do anything to turn her down !!

I half-heartedly sang with her , but she was greedily to me then, ordered me to sing three more choral songs, warned if I reject. She would not return my bag.

She was kidnapped hostage my bag! ! !

Then an extremely close to romance novels and movies: a pair of young boy and girl sitting on a wooden bridge, along with the stunning autumn dusk , sunset shines with sparkling waves, the sky clouds more seemed like flames, it seemed to want to ignite this fire of love for them, so that they ended up in love. And they were after this breathtaking views from the influence of love songs to sing, love to read explosive .

"Sunset drunk, sunset drunk, and anyone could not hide ............" I did not follow her instructions, sang another song.

"Why you sing another song ?" She hit me again and again.

"What you eat, so strong, that hurts !! Your suggested song not match with the current scenario, it is difficult to cultivate feeling to sing ! But my song is different." I could not help but argue with her.

She maintained a surprisingly restrained, only squeezed her eyes and nose, crowded a grimace.

"I understand what you mean, really understand. So after I sing my song, you go to sing your song alone!" She said loudly, but I did not understand her meaning and did not know what kind of riddles, I puzzled.

She looked at me then kept nodding. She began somewhat neurotic again.

I simply continued to sing my song, no longer bother her. She also sang her love songs at the same time, we both ignored each other!

The sun had been sinking, and that would had been burning clouds glowing fades, eventually black. I told her I have to go home for dinner, politely asked her to take me home to retrieve my belongings.

Nearly fifteen minutes walking away, in addition to the traffic light urged her to be carefully, not indiscriminately rushing lights . We almost zero conversation. There were several times to tease her, but seeing her head hangs low , preoccupied look, I instantly forgot it. Although the atmosphere was a bit strange, but I did not know whether her menstrual cycle causing her unstable mood!

Aunt routinely asked whether I stayed to have dinner, I told her my family had prepared a meal, she only took a little helpless look , said goodbye to me.

I turned around, wanted to say goodbye to Kelly, but she ran into her room, and shut the door. Then heard a melody, obviously playing not match the beat!

My first time dating, ending in full of question marks!

On the way home, I kept thinking about what happened this afternoon, and asked why the atmosphere so bad in result. Was she, or my problem? There were what she really understand? In my scrutiny process, once flashed a thought: she in love with me? But remembered, although some moments indeed got comfortable, we laughed and played closely. But not enough to prove this hypothesis true, just a little delusional.

I returned in the confusion of ideas until went home.

Monday night, except there was no Nelson, nor Kelly.

"She forget to attend class?" I said to myself.

That night my heart full of indescribable confusion, affecting my concentration. I guessed her absence might had close relationship to that bad day. But the true reason, I really could not interpret.

Perhaps the weather becoming cooler , my accounting sweet teacher wearing relatively dense. made me even more uninterested, so I became absent-minded, failed to learn anything!

After school, I somehow wanted to leave alone, so disguised in a hurry . When I said goodbye to the four flowers,I discovered Cindy, her eyes stared at me with sweet smile, this smile seemed abnormal.

One thing to be mentioned again, Cindy was a member of the four flowers, who haircut looked like high school student.

I ignored her smile, only walked away, I could say that this smile was no feeling.

Abominable, my bus caught in my eyes from left to right , then went away without regarding my chasing, my mind instantly produced some, or more aptly said, was again brought back depressed to me, which similar with Saturday night.

During the waiting, my heart thrown a trace of guilt. I concluded I really did something hurt Kelly, but was yet to be integrated into what reason.

"Hi! Still waiting the bus?"

Joyce gentle beauty of sound, like a magic, even to get rid of depression again .

"Are you visiting your friend in Tuen Mun?" This opening somewhat ridiculous, but all of a sudden could not think of a better topic , the next bus came surprisingly early, while more fortunate was a lot of empty seats. Joyce wanted to go upper floor , she smiled and let me take the lead, then we chose a two-seater near the stair.

In fact, I also desired to sit on upper floor, we had the same idea, because this "Victory II" bus model was front-engine design, thunderous noise spread over the whole lower floor. quite deafening. Imagine if you sat lower, you were unable to talk. This was most popular bus model in our eighties and nineties of 20 century in Hong Kong, the seat was designed to be placed to the right of two seats, while the left placed three seats. But the so-called two-seater three-seater definition, in fact, only suitable for slim people, like me well-built with six feet, sitting on two seats in effect denied the rights of other passengers.

But this was my little idea,  I believe both of you can guess my purpose !!

She seemed very pleased for sitting together, also dedicated pleased smile to me.

I let her sit inside, like a gentleman, but also specifically to keep our bodies apart from a fist distance, lest she create any misunderstanding that I had some secure intention . I was thrown a strong sense, to leave a good and profound impression to her.

I sat half empty, seemed a bit unnatural. while I almost fell, but fortunately I held tight of a metal handrail in front of me, otherwise she might think I was silly!

" Sit close to me ! Otherwise, you'll fall again," she pulling my hand cuff, gentle and generous reminded me.

I leaned a little closer to her, but still keeping a distance of half a fist. She saw my foolish act, could not help but innocent smile, which made me lose balance.

I began to notice her dressing today, she wore a black and gray checkered pattern suit jacket, but also costume had just knee-high black skirt, tender baby calf also put light black stockings. This light black matched with deep black skirt seemed a bit inconsistent, The dress also made her too mature, older than estimated real age! Fortunately, the makeup for her face quite light, otherwise would be very easy to make people misunderstanding that she had been married, and blurted out to ask if her children already at school!

I had some sense of tension, my mind could not run, topic prepared to shared with her turned sticky , could not resolved. This feeling never experienced before, including last Saturday with Kelly , although dealing with Kelly, I sometimes puzzled, but mainly because of her emotional, so I could not speak freely, so as to avoid unforeseen situations occurred. I was very clear to clarify the difference between the two, however, I still failed to classify what kind of nervous at now.

"Start revision yet?" Instead, she was very natural, very generous . My distress contrast with her calm, so funny!

"So lazy, just start , examination coming soon. How about you?!" I tried to make her know my integrity.

"I am very busy in daytime, my boss wants me to follow up more about his personal affairs, and sometimes have to work on Sunday." Her voice was nothing like expressing complaints, still so calm, with a shallow smile, then I found her little dimples .

"Still early, don’t worry about it." I pretended as expertise in examination.

"For more than two months, still many things not understand, especially in Economics. Those content is very abstract and hard to understand." She really seemed like a bit confused.

"In fact, teachers try to draw some life examples to explain, like the last time Nelson's question is a good interaction." I have some nonsense with.

The bus had been diverted to Tuen Mun Highway, when fresh wind blowing her permed hair . She immediately closed the window, leaving little slits. reflected a yellow vain, newly occupied Belvedere Garden ten thousand lights.

"You seem very interested in Economics , often ask questions." She fiddled with her hair with some curious eyesight.

"I think this is the real class fun atmosphere, full of interactive, one reason can enhance memory, and secondly to give teachers and students some space to think, brainstorm,either academically or teaching skills. In fact, you are right, compared with the other three subjects, Economics is my favourite. "

"You really very positive, very hard. I'm sure you will be very good achievement." Her praise made me a little face hot, because I absolutely not hardworking, probably because she was a secretary, used to some politely! But I was sure it' was not flattering words, to my experience, these words were usually more blunt, lack of emotion. But her conversation was much more sincere enthusiasm.

"Unfortunately, I still have a lot of questions." She shrugged.

"Don’t worry! Just ask me." I was a little surprised that I could say that..

"You're nice , then I will ask them tomorrow, join together to study."

"Ah"

I was a little disappointed, because I did not want a large group of people studying together.

"Where do you live ?"She suddenly asked me.

" Leung King Estate."

"Where is it? Near Tuen Mun town center?"

"Very far away, have to go by the Light Rail , around fifteen minutes."

"I've been so many times in Tuen Mun, but has not yet try the LRT. Also, I want to visit the shopping complex for shopping, but unfortunately time does not fit, I have to leave early in the morning, travel to Central for work. "

I tried to introduce the system of the LRT, told her this was a very complex transportation system, speed of train always inexplicable faster or slower, but her eyes showing confused. 

I also knew that she and her family lived in Cheung Sha Wan, Li Cheng Uk Estate, just fifteen minutes from school. She had to go to Tuen Mun two or three times per month, but she was not willing to tell me the details.

I doubted her friend was very important to her, even had possibility of her boyfriend.

This night the traffic was very smooth, the bus quickly arrived, she had to get off, she returned head and said three times goodbye to me, seemed not want to leave, then slowly walked downstair by the narrow spiral staircase.

I kept looking at her to get off. Seeing her head turned once more and looked for my seating, together with casting her angelic innocence smile, full of feeling eyesight still shining.

Our eye contact continued for more than five seconds, my heart also sensed some unusual feeling, at the same time, I felt my blood excitement .

The next night class, Joyce discussed with her buddies about my so-called suggestion, you know, I only wanted to meet her alone, but the residual flowers had no objection,  also like treating me as free tutor . Finally we made up the decision, the first study group would be held on the coming Saturday afternoon, venue at City Polytechnic.

This venue was my proposed first choice, since we both had an university dream, if we always located in these universities, then perhaps might absorb the atmosphere of tertiary education, helped us to achieve our dream . Nelson suggested next time to the University of Hong Kong, and then the next to Chinese University, aimed at studying all over eight institutions.

Since examinations approached, teachers were beginning serious, started informing us the scope of the examination, also answer techniques, care of every detail and step. So this week, it seemed rather plain, nothing worth mentioning.

But Kelly did not come back throughout the week , meanwhile, Cindy’s endless gaze to me , more and more frequent, often made me feel uncomfortable and invisible pressure.

Recess time when we were discussing when to come out studying and drafting locations .Cindy,rarely expressed her opinion, only kept faint smile peeping me, I really could not, just be able to choose deliberately to escape her eyes .

This strange thing , my three buddies also noticed, we went to our old place to eat, this became a main topic tonight. Johnny also quipped that she might fall in love with me, and the remaining two were twittering echoed, Eric more encouraged me to accept her. I readily picked up a few chips to throw them in protest!

But I did not mention previous story about me and Joyce, I wanted to keep secret. I began unintentionally to peeped Joyce, but she was focusing on lessons only, or chatted with her sisters. Even together in our study group only focus on textbooks, nor any interactive eye-contact.

I disclosed the story about Kelly and me to my three buddies, both concluded that she might had mood disorders, caused by her character too stubborn . But Nelson was too hateful , subjectively concluded that I refused to sing love chorus love songs with her, meant equally rejected her love, broke her heart., and said I was so welcomed by girls, little jealous-like, I threw a lot of potato chips, together with cola drink left as punishment!

"Cindy often peeping me, but I chose to peep Joyce, we constituted an equilateral ! I got this silly views on the bus home.

"Maybe Joyce feel embarrassed !" I tried self-comfort.

"If she act ......... like Cindy, no, her character so restrained."

At home, I suddenly thought of Kelly, wanted to care about why she did not return to school. Then picked up the handset to page her, but I just left my phone number, I did not think she should had my home number.

I was thinking some reverse that, when she saw a unfamiliar number, she would reply on, but my inferred was wrong, she did not call back !

That night I could not sleep, even for Kelly, I looked back that day again and again , really a bit frivolous, but my starting point was just to make her happy, indeed, really coaxed her successfully, sweet and happy that never seen before!

I kept thinking, my heart suddenly had a very sweet and tastes of feeling, made some basic instinct could not be controlled .

The kind of waves tickles made me very clearly hearing the sound of my own heartbeat , particularly remembered I indulge to hold her waist, was very natural because I took her body to a joke, and then she fittingly hit me a few times, I caught the momentum to pull her hands together with her lithe body , she a natural response to loss of balance and I grabbed her not too slim waist . Her visual starring the ground, then laughing unstoppable, revealing her quite neat white teeth.

She seemed under my control gradually and began to obey me, gently leaned on my shoulder, now we had no any difference from other lovers!

But a deep inside transmission poured out of my bottom heart, ordered me to stop immediately , this behavior really a bit too much, and her appearance looked so sweet and enjoy, but I knew I had not had that kind of love . Just acted merely out of a certain instinct for a young ingenue body , classified as moment impulse. But I really, at least at this moment, no any desire to be more in-depth development with Kelly. I understood that if I continue, she would allow me to continue, eventually forming a couple. 

Girls were very sensitive , she would soon know that I did not love her truly, I was so scared she would break down, even committed suicide .

I thought my decision absolutely correct, so I let go of her waist, she instantly turned black face, unfriendly looking at me, atmosphere soon full of tension and silence. .

Indeed, as Nelson said, could not be excluded that she had some feeling to me, I rejected her singing request, might interpreted as I refused her love.

"Her absent to school because of me?"

I looked at the ceiling blue and white sash that reflection, awareness getting a little misty, slowly fell asleep ............

Soon abominable urinate woke me up, but after finishing I could not sleep, my brain seemed to have lit a fire, constantly looking for something to think, this time was her: Joyce.

I played back our chatting in bus, very warm and very touching, still vividly remembered. But why, after this lovely moment, was not any longer happen? Really wanna one more time. Of course, I also analyzed before, she might just as in the classroom, afraid to give the rest of her buddies discovery . I hope that was the case!

On the other hand, I would eager to know the real relationship between her and her best friend living in Tuen Mun. She said to help her friend to do some important things. This friend for her, obviously important. What was the kind of this important task, needed to do it overnight? Yes, she told me before, was to spend the night, in fact it was not her boyfriend ? So gentle, kind and generous of her, becoming many guys’ target was a normal matter, falling in love was reasonable.

But her eyes told me something special, what was this? What was my position in her heart? Treated me just a common friend? I had a lot to worry, doubt! Would Joyce spend just a time to think of me everyday?  

I was thrown some jittery feeling that soon I would see her again. Although not two person only, but it was the first date. I urged myself to sleep quickly, otherwise I might be listlessly to see her, but more pressing for more spiritual.

I wondered what she would wear ? I hope she could dress younger.,She still a teenager, not suitable for too mature dressing."

Joyce just faded out, I immediately thought of Cindy, I tried to analyze her purpose of starring, then Eric and Maggie, they began much closer, had something special. Nelson recently appeared to be some unhappy .

Soon reached 6am .

Hastily rushed to Kowloon Tong MTR station, fortunately not the last one.

Joyce wearing a light blue Polo T-shirt and dark blue pants, worn a powder-blue Baby-G on the right hand . I really admired at her appearance, absolutely fit to her age.

I asked her if she just finished some sports activity, she answered not, simply picking out her dressing, not specially for attempting sports. I took the opportunity to praise her dress fresh and natural. After her smile soon saw my sleepy eyes, with a little bit concerned condolences, I answered her I could not sleep well, only 2 hours then had to wake up for work. She responded with trademark angel-like smile , but did not say anything.

Nelson went with a dignified look. But when he arrived, immediately restored to his original style. I always thought he was something wrong.

I had no intention to find it out, I knew his character clearly.

Eric and Maggie arrived together in parallel . I intuitively felt that they had started , their clothing style was very similar, all cotton checkered shirt and Levis 501. Of course, the early nineties was the golden age of Levis. Almost teenagers had a collection , to a certain extent , not worth fuss.

Cindy was the latest one arrival, she continued her simple dressing. But I did not carefully looked at her dress, so as not to lead to her special kind of bizarre eyesight and smile to me .

Johnny came here before, so he led us to the canteen, this very huge dining hall was deserted today, let us without hesitation to study.

We sat at a long table,. I chose to sit next to Eric, while the opposite was Johnny, next to him was Nelson. As Joyce sat on the other diagonal, if my body slightly turned right, then straightly beheld her, luckily, Cindy sat down opposite to Joyce. In other words, we could not have annoying eye contact, let me study peacefully.

We ordered food and ate before studying. At the beginning boys and girls chatting separately , rarely to communicate with each other ,until Nelson raised a topic about new method of entering university . Because the girls not quite understood the details, so they rushed to ask Nelson. He also seemed familiar to the entire process, so clearly explained each step and requirement..

After finishing the meal, we started our studying, Walkman and notes took out, ready for battle, this time I often peeked unintentionally Joyce's every smile, every behaviour, her action so slowly, but Kelly just the opposite, Joyce looked like an Italian, the rhythm of  live similar to citizen in Italy, while Kelly was obviously a Hong Konger, rushed in everything.

However, Joyce’s gentle could be able to fascinate me deeply, her harmonious feeling made me feel very comfortable, I was very fond of.

At the beginning boys and girls still remained in the stage of their own discussions, but probably because I had insomnia , a bit dizzy when looking at notes, only to buy more than a cup of coffee, refreshing.

I came back to my chair with a cup of coffee, however, Cindy looked at me and smiled.

She then beckoned, asked me to come .

"You can help me find out the problem? That Balance sheet I can not balance it, what am I doing wrong?" Obviously, there were three boys, why not choose another?

Maggie self-righteously out of her chair, motioned me to sit down. But this had advantage, was that I could sit much closer to Joyce.

"You did not deduct depreciation of machinery costs, of course, is not balance." I was shortly perfunctory her.

"Then you help me again, look at this long question’s problem !" She ignored my feeling, handed me a note , it was question paper of LCCI Intermediate Accounting papers in the second quarter of 1990.

My brain messy blank, could not deal with a lot of English. I could not help a yawn!

"You drink two cups of coffee but not work!" Joyce slowly interrupted.

"I can be, will recover soon."

"What have you done last night? Go drinking?" Cindy’s tone exactly the same to Kelly, a little questioning tone, I almost thought she was here.

"Insomnia!"

"Insomnia, why? Tell me more." She could not notice herself more disturbing than Kelly.

"I thought of you!" I was shocked by my answer. But then I thought, if I not said this, I was no way to shut her mouth.

This trick really worked, she simply could not refute then giggle, Joyce also followed to laugh.

But soon I found I had a big mistake, Joyce would misunderstand I really loved Cindy!

I definitely did not want this happen! Because I felt that I had ..................

I spent almost fifteen minutes to read the whole question, but still failed to realize unknowingly fell asleep.

Half awake vaguely heard Johnny explaining the question to Cindy instead of me ,I woke up about six o'clock evening.

Rebecca told us she had to leave, after her leaving, I retried studying, but still could not get anything, only stared at the unconscious.

"You are so tired, it is better to go home!" Joyce extremely gentle voice, but my head still stuck in sleep state, not totally felt her warmth.

"Take you to have dinner ! I'm free tonight." Cindy's voice made me wake up.

"I have appointment in Mong Kok !" I resolutely turned her down.

"You just said you will stay here?"She challenged me.

"When I say that?" .

"She wants you to accompany her for a while , anyway, how can you study ? Promise her! Joyce helped.

"Give her a chance, do not take excuse !" Nelson smiling, very talkative.

"It is time to leave!" Johnny echoed.

They really put words into action, ready to leave, among these also included Joyce.

"I feel lonely! Don’t leave! Everybody!"

"Enjoy tonight !" Eric thumbed-up.

I probably broke his finger! !

Oh !! Oops! ! I made a big mistake! ! !

"Want another coffee? I pay!"Cindy asked with some mean tone.

"No,thank you! "

"Why not? I want you to drink."

"OK, up to you!"I surrendered.

She really tough than Kelly, Kelly’s character more intense and emotional, occasional unruly, but still sensible. This Cindy ignored other person’s willingness,forced blindly to follow her wishes, intuition was a stubborn girl, her boyfriend might be under her tight control and supervision,no any freedom, difficult to escape the heavy iron wall she built!

I had to leave as soon as possible! ! Perilous! !

She bought the coffee back, and from the backpack took out a stack of paper, then put it into my bag.

"This is for your A-Level pass paper, presented to you after they leave, especially for you only!" Familiar sight again appeared, this time I found her triangular shape of the eyes, no wonder the smile seemed a bit strange.

The more unbridled she sat closer, I moved my body left, keeping a safe distance, at the same time I said several times thank you,thereby distract her feeling, lest she found I deliberately avoided her. I had no intention to hurt her.

She asked me a few questions, and then began shouting hungry.

In order to prevent owing her, I was going to ask her to have dinner, thanked for her  photocopied pass paper, I intended to pay by myself only, as a reward to her. Then I would do anything to avoid together with her , would not give her any illusion , because I really did not have any interest in her.

Moreover, when she leaned me, an intense smell spread from her body. Now was winter, I really did not understand why she would have this body odor! In particular she was a girl, the odor would prevent boys approaching! She needed to face and solve this problem.

"Go to Shek Kip Mei to have dinner, it is cheaper and delicious, go now, baby!" She had no intention to ask my promise , but also urged to leave immediately, pulled my sleeve again.

Suddenly I felt I was threw into a trap , I imagined for a moment if she was eating and drinking a lot, my pockets would be empty!

I followed her to Shek Kip Mei, because of darkness, I could not identify the exact location. And when we arrived, shop was full , we waited for almost one hour .

I worried that I had not enough money to pay the bill, subconsciously picked up the pocket to check.

"Do not worry, I'll save." She gave me a relatively natural and comfortable smile, I believed that if she outset that smile, then to her first impression would be a certain extent changed.

She did not ask me, only ordered her favourite food. But at least I could be peace of mind, she just ordered a dish of Black Bean Sauce fried clams cooking plus a dish of garlic and two bowls of rice , no anymore even soup, only added two bottles Coca-Cola. But her autocratic behavior always made me some resentment.

"You're not used to asking what your friend want?" I wondered there was need to remind her.

"These are famous and popular, but the price is reasonable, to ensure your satisfaction." full of smiley face .

"But different people have different favourite,not everyone likes fried clams." I reminded her with serious tone.

"But the really good taste , trust me!" She confidently raised his voice.

I snappily argued with her, anyway, I decided that this was the last time spent to her, then let fate introduce a guy with character appreciating her thinking and behavior ! Or in case I met an obedient boy, I would try to preform a matchmaker!

Food ready soon, when she was eating, she was curious to my working experience and family background , but her tone made me discontented, as police questioned the prisoner-like attitude, no choice to keep silence.. I had to create some stories to entertain her. I hated such cross-examine, did not like to disclose my personal matters and privacy to a straighter .

After I tried to fight back, asked her secret. But she only told me that she was working in a bus company as personnel clerk, and her father was a policeman. For other matters such as love status, she denied to answer. But I did not care, her story was not my business!

Atmosphere gradually became dull up, we began to eat in silence, speechless. After finishing the dinner, I paid the bill at once. She politely said she wanted to settle, but I said no, then she deliberately put some banknote into my pants pocket.

She said she wanted to walk alone in the street, then we split after goodbye.

Just as I was finally relieved, ready to turnstile, someone suddenly pulled my sleeves gently , looking back, was Cindy.

"Can you accompany me a little longer?"

"Just kidding! No need to do so, I'm just a little bored ! See you next Monday." She looked like a gust of wind, then waving her hands and vanished, leaving only baffling.

Sunday I was alone to hike along the Shing Mun Reservoir, that time I used to listen to radio programs when hiking. Internet not popular in these years, radio was main pastime for young people , and main source for listening to new published songs . A popular program called "Three Lonely Heart." , many teenagers dialed to the radio station, live shared their love stories and also asked for useful dating skill and strategy, three DJ would teach the audience how to pursue their targets, or provided some analysis and response methods to those feeling of annoyance . Of course I always took this opportunity to learn , but also the way to listen to other people's love story.

That day I listened to the program as usual, when I was about to climb a nearby hilltop, it seemed to be quite familiar voice in my headphone.

"Please help me, I recently get confused from my lover, examination approaching, but I cannot concentrate , help me please!" I ensured I knew this guy!

"Do not be nervous, what’s your name?" One of the 3 DJ called Doctor Siu, trying to appease him, also appeared to be a tactic to control his emotion.

"My name is Nelson, I was really upset, come help me ............" Oh !! It was you! ! !

Nelson began to tell his plight, Shan treated him not well recently, refused to see him occasionally. Nelson suspected she was having another guy, because there were many times accidentally discovered some unknown intimacy pager message, so he was often suspicious. After the three presided used different aspects helping for his analysis, which also had some humorous insights. For example, might be the reason of menstrual disorders and something liked that, which was consistent program style.

But for those secret message, they also suspected left by another guy, who was becoming her another lover.

Nelson made this call over twenty minutes . The presided suggested he better to wait and observe, not to be punitive expedition. She might be just looking for some short excited relationship, not last long, but Nelson obviously not relieved to hear their conclusion.

"No wonder he was so upset." I finally understood.

From the hill down to Sha Tin, I kept thinking about his story. I had the urge to force him honestly reveal the whole story to us on Monday. But this guy would rather dial to radio station, instead of seeking our helps, presumably it was a bit excessive, completely inappropriate that we were liked best friends.

I turned my mind from this matter to Kelly. In fact, before I had an idea to ask his girlfriend, through Nelson, to know Kelly’s recent situation. But now it seemed to be in abeyance.

"Will I meet Kelly? She lives in Sha Tin District." I looked further away nearly arrived New Town Plaza, suddenly spawned the idea.

"Maybe she'll come back tomorrow!" I swore I was not missing her! only occasionally ideas! "

"If I chose to hold her waist that , maybe I am dragging her now, no need to hike alone!" I guessed just an instant feeling of loneliness ! I had to suppress this illusion .

Traveled throughout New Town Plaza, Shatin Centre and Sha Tin Plaza, Sha Tin Central Park , but could not find her. I only went to Brunswick, located at basement of New Town Plaza, playing Street Fighter and Daytona, , ate two bowls of noodles, finally returned home.

Kelly still absent, after class, I invited all of my buddies to the old place for gathering, of course, the purpose was actually self-evident.

We sat down on the corner of the old place, there were full of people, crowded than usual, but fortunately four school girls just left, when we came across, one tall girl pick with tied ponytail, smiling and looked at us. Unfortunately, her countenance could not make us smile back, feeling a bit off-putting.

Eric’s mood was very high, also took the initiative to say all food and drinking paid by him, then quickly ran downstairs to buy food. The three of us some insight, smiled at each other, consistent thought he should have something excitement, and this matter should have a close relationship with Maggie. Eric really bought something to sit down declared that he and Maggie had been together, and also told us not to talk about this in class, I told him I had seen little clues, but waiting his personally declaration! Kaka  result of his non-stop laugh. 

We asked him how to win her heart, he said there was nothing particularly offensive and strategies, just invited her to have dinner and go to theater alone, then together back to her home, then naturally held her hands

However, he was not the protagonist tonight, after the carnival I tried to change the focus on Nelson.

I kept observing Nelson, he was still talkative, also mocking Eric why not took the initiative to share his intention to pursue Maggie , whether feared that he would be the first one falling in love. But Eric only showed his kaka response.

"What did both of you do yesterday?" I was drinking milk shakes, asked this seemed completely irrelevant question. However, because the climax for Eric’s matter had passed, they quickly turned the focus.

"I stayed at home and watched laserdiscs, so lonely, not like Nelson and Eric, have sweet girl." Johnny rarely sighed, eyes with some stagnation, it seemed that he also eager to have a girlfriend as soon as possible, ended the live of single.

"I accompany you! Don’t be afraid!" I said, watching Nelson's response, but he had not revealed any abnormal expression of feeling knot.

"Yesterday, I went hiking alone, from Tsuen Wan to Sha Tin, condescending sitting on needle mountain top, to see the whole flow of Shing Mun River!"

"Why did you not call me? I was so lonely and tired to watch many times of Stephen Chow’s film.” Johnny was really a loyal fans of Stephen Chow, he said he had seen all of his films, more than once!

"He was not alone ! He lied to you" Nelson telling what?

"Certainly not alone, Cindy accompanied you!" Eric seemed to get Nelson’s meaning , continued his excited tone.

Nelson too outrageous! ! I had to counterattack! !

"Yes! We climbed to the mountain top and then made love, she extremely satisfied, incredible! Next time join together!" I randomly got some dirty jokes perfunctory.

Then they took this topic as a joke repeatedly, teased crazily, Nelson more frivolous to question whether I was exhausted, could not walk down the hill, so nonsensical. I replied I could do more than three times, absolutely good physique. Our words made every body as mad laughter, vaguely seen other clients sitting nearby, showing displeasure expression.

After a round of nonsense, had be irrelevant for too long, had to be corrected .

"Actually I am no interest for Cindy, all of you may pursue her, no need to inform me! But she has a very strong feminine, you must be psychologically prepared!"

"Feminine?" Johnny curious.

"This feminine, taste it by yourself! Yesterday, I listened to the radio yesterday while hiking, how comfortable and free. But inadvertently heard a big secret." I was a bit like a car deliberately tangent as stiff awkward, but at least the main topic back on track.

I glanced at Nelson , his face sank, also deliberately avoided my gaze.

"What's the big secret?" Johnny had not wait!

"Have you heard of three lonely heart? This is a very interesting program."

"Yes, three handsome guys teaching dating skills, can hear many many love stories! Unfortunately, yesterday stayed with Maggie, go shopping, so missed . Any interesting topic yesterday?" Eric was originally loyal fans!

Then Nelson had scowled hole, silent, vaguely seeing his face turned red.

“ Someone complained that his girlfriend becoming cool, suspected her have another lover,begged assist with wailers-like tone, but the most annoying was that he would rather require for help from radio , reluctant to share with his buddies, do not seem to believe .................. Oh, "I felt that some cold liquid was poured down my head, instantly trembling.

"Not seen such kind of nosy guy before ............" Nelson stood up and walked away, leaving the remaining three of us stunned .

"Was I wrong?" Repeatedly asked myself when coming home, but paradoxically justified merely wanted to help him, he was too sensitive! But I still confused really to help him, or simply just laughed at him, so made him embarrassed and angry.

Back to home and opened the mailbox, even saw a long absence, but one could easily know who sent this letter. These familiar and very haunting neat font, still beautiful and fascinating, like a master toon character artwork, made people comfortable and quiet sense of indescribable and unforgettable.

She was my pen-friend, Sara.

Those years without e-mail and Facebook, making pen-friends was very popular, and a common way for dating, no doubt was a more time-consuming, unlike now just shaking your cell phone . But at that time we were willing to take a lot of time and effort ,patiently carved out of a single word, not like nowadays playing what's app, using emoji or short sentence without thinking. Especially for the girls, they used to write beautifully, seriously, and often bought some scented baby blue or pink letter paper, and sometimes together with a small bookmark or greeting cards, around Christmas certainly  sent each other Christmas cards. Both of us put much emphasis on this kind of friendship, and this unique delicate feelings and thoughts, real non today can be compared.

After returning home, I could not wait to see the content of her letter, in addition to green Christmas tree and swollen Santa's Christmas cards printed on a delicate.

However, she told me to be married next year!

"Congratulations. But you only nineteen , too fast! You have not seen me, seemed too impulsive, maybe you could have another choice . "was a little sense of bitterness.

I could not deny I had some feeling, she had sent her photos to me. Really, photoed at Tai Po Bride' could highlight the good kind of detached from the reality of the Maid temperament, seemed cool and frosty, but everywhere in her words revealing her thoughtful care, in case I was depressed, she would spend lengthy 2,000 words to comfort me. I said I had begun my matriculation, she would look sweet to draw a picture of wearing cheerleader skirt, holding a flower ball girl, encouraged me. I was just waiting for my graduate, I swore I would launch a fierce offensive to pursue her.

Unfortunately, all the hopes and fantasy, thoroughly disillusioned with this letter, blamed my indecision, and seriously neglected Hong Kong was a rush and stressful city, including dating, too slow decision and action caused you be a loser.

That night my heart filled with a lot of unwilling complex, yet another sleepless night.

Shallow barely slept for two hours, my clock shouted as usual on 7am, I found that my body was very weak and limp, a strong sense of throat irritation. I had to take a sick leave to rest.

Waited almost an hour to consult the doctor, the doctor said I just suffered Influenza, gave me some medicine, together with a sick leave certificate and receipt, after taking the medicine, and yet timely drowsy side effects happened, so took the opportunity to compensate for last night insomnia.

When I woke up, felt my brain completely charged, body discomfort gradually subsided, I looked at the clock,already 4pm.

Sara’s letter still intactly stacked on the desk, but fortunately still kept on the previous place and shape. In other words, my mother did not take advantage of reading it, otherwise really did not know how to explain.

I smelled the letter, felt upset. But I should reply to her in courtesy.

So I lifted my heavy and reluctant right hand, took a brand new white paper and rollerball pen, started the contents of reply:

To Sara:

Last hastily reply, still exposure to hot summer days. Unexpected flash is so close to Christmas, these days there are cold front southward, take care of yourself and put more clothes.

Just read your letter, knowing your good news, married with a loved one is the bliss of life . Really want to see your future husband's countenance. I believe your marriage would act as a big hammer, completely breaking all guy’s heart into small powder, then given to wind to blow away.

Haha, just joking. I don’t want to scare you! How are the preparations for your wedding? Wedding photos taken? Be sure to send either one to me, otherwise I will disregard your letter . Also buy a house yet? Or living with your parents?. I do not know the property prices after reunification will fall or not, but since your sweet house just for self-used,no need to worry, just ignore it. 

Last time you exhorted me to make up my mind for my future career path as soon as possible, and I very much agree, but still consider, I temporarily put it down until my graduate, still a little dazed. Anyway, please let me say thank you to you, your patience, full and objective analysis. Although we have never met, but I always feel that you are special , and kind of speechless sympathy and intimacy. I hope you also have the same feeling.

I got sick when I was writing to you, but only the common cold, don’t worry. weather may be colder in your district, so bear in mind that wearing enough clothes. Remember unwell girl not beautiful!

Well, I feel asleep, need to take rest. I wish you have a happy wedding, sweet sweet honey moon. But after marriage, don’t forget me, otherwise I would be ..... ha ha ha.

Please forgive me this little frivolous! I wish you once again a happy life, all wishes come true!

Yip
December 3, 1991

After the letter written, immediately dragged my heavy footsteps, amble to the post office. The collecting time had passed , but because of fearing that I forgot to send out, I thought, put it into the mailbox as soon as possible was better, at least be able to settle a mind.

When I was standing on the verge of the mailbox, my mind flashed with contents of the letter, I thought a few words seemed over , might make her unhappy. Or using another point of view, that a few of what someone would almost heartbreaking, would clearly outflow my secret, though the words not clearly mentioned my word of heart, but I believed she could guess it, she had a strong ability of analysis, might easily look through my heart, then she would generate some confusion or disgust, eventually no longer reply my letter, in order to avoid embarrassment, she might consider to delete my name from the list of her pen-friend.

I immediately left the post office, folded and put the letter into the bag of my big jacket. Then aimlessly walked around . My mind kept blindly estimate her immediate reaction once she received the letter . I guessed she should feel stunned at first, then? Probably just treated it as a joke, but I guessed this possibility was low, since all the way because I always chatted with her seriously, rarely writing jokes. Most of the topics around school, work, or mutual interest, and occasionally talked about our friends and family.To my impression, love never mentioned. I have tried insinuations to know whether she had a boyfriend, but she was always tight-lipped, so I had those pessimistic thoughts should be possible.

I believe I really could be her penfriend only, I was a kind of she knew, but placed outside her own social circle. She could talk to me about everything, but about the more intimate things, might lock into a military restricted area , completely unable to let me have a look. If I sent this letter, then she might regard me as an enemy, which was equivalent to declare war with her . Although I could only stand afar outside the barracks, but for me it was very satisfied, no need to go further without authorization , I really did not want to lose a good pen pal.

I still keep this letter nowadays!

Suddenly stomachache attacked , began to feel nauseated, streaming with cold sweat,  felt like exposure to snowy weather, then I remembered that I was a patient today. Finally  vomited a lot, but fortunately in time ran to a trash box, preventing from fouling on the streets, spreading sour and germs.

My mother asked me in angry when I just back home, why I left home? I only lied, explained I had to go to ATM machine for money withdrawal, then forced to eat two bowls of porridge before back to my bedroom.

I took out the letter, gently put into drawer, just next to that still full of fragrant, lovely letter paper.

I caught a glimpse of the bottom, as well as a rows of words unread, but no intention to read, I was very weak ,very tired, I felt to sleep deeply without twenty seconds.

This apparently insignificant omission, unbelievably destroyed my last chance to regain her heart .

Body still powerless in the next morning, but applied for consecutive two days sick leave seemed inappropriate , to avoid affecting future staff performance appraisal grading and salary increases, only to get up to resume duty.

Still considering going to evening school or not, after leaving company, then thought of approaching exams, the teachers would take more revision,more likely to provide hints of exams. Moreover, my status today, a lot better than yesterday, not worthy to miss this valuable lesson .

This evening we were concentrating on lectures, and put much effort to listen, serious atmosphere than in the past, every student constantly and actively raised their hands to answer questions from teacher asked. Certainly, night school students had better self-motivated, under the influence by this atmosphere, my heart generated some tension as going to war place.

Nelson repeatedly escaped my eyes, saying not more than half of the sentence, it seemed still some ill feelings,but I did not want to impede the progress of revision, in addition I still felt my action right, so left it behind until the exam ended!

The following one week, main living were obsessed with textbooks and notes, went to bed after 2am , unknowingly reaching the time of first war .

Unexpected, the wars much easier than imagined, many questions copied from past paper, our teachers just slightly modified , could easily to remember that most of them revised in previous revision lesson, I guessed would easily to pass all of the four subjects. Of course, to a certain extent I was not satisfied at only pass, at least credit or higher, would be my perfect result.

My comrades seemed confidence, they both concluded too easy to take these exams, not challenging. We agreed on Saturday night to relax, and wished all of us success in the examination.

Incidentally, Kelly continued absences, did not come back to take the exam, it was estimated very likely, she decided to abandon her studies. To the four flowers, Maggie seemed quite confident, especially in accounting. Eric should help her a lot. Mutual support to encourage studying makes people touched. Who says love must affect their studies?

"The next exam I will have such good fortune?" I could not help longing.

Rebecca and Cindy looked similar, so relax. Instead, Joyce was preoccupied again.

Add that, recently I often excused to peek at her, unable to extricate, gradually became a habit, no exception during the exams.

Like drug addict, I had strong desire to see her filled with friendly angel-like smile . This kind of unadulterated sweet smile, just like white butterfly, flawless and shy, any brand of distilled water could not be compared. Unfortunately, she apparently exhibited this type of smile, much less than before, so I was a little lost.

She was indeed upset , but this upset might not have a direct relationship with exams. When I was sitting behind her during the exam, clearly saw her finish the exam on time, also could take a double-checking, full of confidence .

In my past experience, she was well-prepared for the exams. If my assumption was correct, then, her blue irrelative to academic , it was from her personal matters. Might be at work, or family, and, of course, likely to come from money.

But for a young lovely girl, there was a strong possibility from love ??

She had a boyfriend? That guy living in Tuen Mun was her darling? Recently, I rarely met her at the bus stop, were they any quarrel?

How could I find out the truth? If I could become her confidant, then comforted her, eliminated her lonely heart, that smile once again had a chance to reshow.

But for now, proposed only, easier said than done. I did not know the way to make her trust me, now we were only classmates, still not reached the standard of friend , asked her to tell her secret still impossible. Another point, if really her darling caused her distress and mood swings, how could I react? How could I effectively comfort her? Or, for a transfer to another more aggressive and ambitious point, taking advantage of this situation?

My mind jammed by these so-called analysis, almost got faint. Back to my home, once again saw Sara’s letter, together with my unmailed written letter, my heart could not help some tangled .

Saturday night the pub crowded with people, we spent for a long time to wait, finally got a KTV room inside the pub, we could sing as well.

This time we had a new member, Eric‘s girlfriend Maggie. But other three of us felt some tension, at least not convenient to say flavored jokes, secrets, and also foul language.

Maggie was a pure girl, in theory, could drink orange juice only. However, this was our rules that a new member might drink at least one bottle of beer, otherwise could not be a formal member, dice cup ready! ! !

She was the first time to play dice , so stupid to shake her dice cup. The results of course, was to follow the rules of the game , but as her other half, Eric naturally had to represent his darling, showing his caring heart . However, he might have eaten some kind of pills, still able to drink more, but we began to feel unwell , in order to avoid any embarrassing and take a break, I secretly away, and picked up the mic.

While looking for LD disc, someone suddenly patted me, I immediately felt a warmth spilled into my body.

"Not invite me to sing together?" Nelson back to see the sincere smile.

Previously we waited at the Prince Edward MTR station, we had unwittingly resumed conversation. Entering the pub, we had the same idea to make Eric drunk , seemed to forget everything happened before. His subtle movements that produced a powerful warmth, poured into my heart. After my nose began to sour, slightly eyes got wet.

"I'm sorry." I naturally spitted .

"In fact, I'm forgetful, I can not remember what you've done. Forget it!" His reddish face remained a smile.

My right hand stroking his shoulder , looked directly at him, everything was self-evident.

We chose a lot of new songs, Nelson repeated his recent favorite song 'Love is ' Definitely noticed his singing technique, had surpassed the original singer.

The remaining three heard our singing, rapidly gave up their dice cup, joined together to sing. Indulge in our favourite songs, unfortunately time ran too fast, the pub nearly to be closed ..

Everyone was tipsy, luckily could dispersed in the morning, the temperature was estimated only about ten degrees. This time Eric & Maggie forgot all of us, clasped together, kept each other warm. I half-jokingly grabbed Nelson and Johnny , pretending their behaviour, then sat on a park for a while, waiting for restaurant opening .

During the time of waiting , cold and strong wind forced us to stand, move or chatted, we began to discuss our celebration on coming Christmas . Johnny suggested to have hot pot at his home , then went to Tsim Sha Tsui East to see the festival lights. And I advised go hiking after visiting Tsim Sha Tsui East. But they almost unanimously rejected my suggestion since hiking was too tired. .

"No need to think about me, I will go to Taiwan alone during the X’mas holiday." Nelson  excited to discuss before , but then suddenly changed his mind.

"Are you alright?" Eric grabbed the head.

"Dear brothers, I should have announced to you earlier. We broke up last week........"

Nelson told us the story. When they fell in love , Nelson had found a guy always called her , leaving different message. Some of them very explicitly impled sex, such as the time of waiting in clock hotel and so on, or said that last night was very exciting and would like to come back again. Nelson was not a conservative person, at first thought that one-night stand was short-term and would end soon. he also thought his ability could rewin her heart eventually, but later found he was too optimistic, this girl extremely unruly, and also extremely moody person, sometimes soft as tissue, and sometimes mean as a queen.

Nelson chose to suffer in silence at first, but later found so much influenced his emotion greatly, often absentminded. In the case of helpless, he cried for help from radio. But because of too hard to say, he did not tell the auspices about the incident of slapped by Shan, and complained about his sexual ability.

That night he was really vocal, could be said that he had never been so. He told us with bits of all life, including sexual problems , totally did not bear in mind a girl standing and listening nearby. And discovered his appearance was like a heavy burden unloaded, this breaking up should be a relief for him.

As fuse for the two breaking up, one of Shan’s best friend heard his request from the radio programme. This friend was not discreet gossip, recorded the programme , shared it with other friends, this made Shan feel extremely discontented, Shan’s character quite similar to Nelson, condemned him violently, and finally she proactively raised breaking up. 

Nelson tolerated her too long, at the same time, loudly told her waiting for this day for a long time, even if she did not say so, he would also raise breaking up, eventually turned back a stranger.

I wanted to comfort him, but his happy mood told me unnecessary. He was actively to pay our bills.

I suddenly remembered Kelly, the same kind to Shan. Their emotional intelligence was very poor, needed to improve urgently , no wonder they could be best friends. But with the end of Shan and Nelson, meaned that losing an important clue to know Kelly’s current situation. What happened to her, why did not come back to attend the exams? Should I visit to her home to find out the whole story?

After saying goodbye, ready to go home by bus, then walked towards the bus terminus . Eric and Maggie also the same way . Somehow along the way, I mentioned about hiking, and I once again try to persuade them to go, but they refused.

"Joyce also likes hiking, she also wants to hold a hiking trip, let me inform her you also have same interest next Monday , so that you may have a partner." Maggie was very sincere proposal.

"She also likes hiking? Okay, okay!" I was thrown a little rainbow .

One week before Christmas, our teachers took the exam paper and discussed with us, and corrected our answer techniques carefully, urged us to prevent any careless mistake, also analyzed and explained the correct answer in detail. Although this was just a private school, but now reviewing their teaching, never sloppy, often dedicated extra efforts to enhance our ability, such as seeking extra reference books and articles and let we learn, photocopies were at their own expense . This kind of enthusiasm not only making students feel warm, but also producing a driving force to drive us to study harder .

Nelson had booked air ticket to Taiwan, at Christmas Eve, he would stay around four days, would come back after the Christmas holidays. He also revealed a little secret, that he had a purpose in Taiwan, except relaxation, but also attended a pen pal meet up. He said he had seen her photo,  with a charming long long hair, and typical pure Taiwan style. We all wished he could forget the past, successfully finding a true love.

Eric told me that he and Maggie just started, so hoped the Christmas holidays just for their two. I appreciated his response to his confession, but hated his selfish, leaving me and Johnny, originally planing could only be postponed.

Maggie really complied with her commitment, telling Joyce I also wanted to go hiking . Joyce walked towards me and actively discussed the place and rundown of the trip with me, we finally decided to go to Pat Sin Range, the hiking route she wanted to go, also determined to wait at Tai Po Station on Christmas Day morning. Joyce also told me she would bring a friend.

I tried to ask Joyce about her friend, whether exactly the same to whom living in Tuen Mun, But she smiled, and then a little shyly denied.

This was a rare response, making me more curious, strong desire to know her friend’s real relationship with her. But I had no effective way to get the answer, only some patience to wait for a better time .

Johnny told me Cindy peeping me with increasing frequency. But I recently only focus on Joyce , I could not perceive, or more appropriate to say, I had no any interest to her. I began indifferent to her eyesight, so I disregarded his warm warning.

This was a very interesting shot: a girl kept peeking a boy, but the boy was peeking another girl at the same moment. But the expression was different, absolutely could be created a touching salon.

At Christmas Eve , I finally found some secondary school buddies to gather , unwittingly played almost through the night. Hurried to home and only slept for three hours, then rushed to Tai Po.

In the morning, Tai Po Market Station seemed a bit lonely, I believed that today was a public holiday, everyone played hard last night and needed to sleep. Since not having breakfast yet, and still had time, I went to a fast food shop near the station , Just when I took the plate containing breakfast, ready to sit on a two-seater near the main entrance, a girl-liked person suddenly flashed my eyes.

I looked up and then deeply shocked, that was Cindy!

This morning there was at least sixteen degrees outside, sunny day did not get even a little cloud, but could see a thin haze, the air smelled slightly rustic, coming from the mainland rural areas, that had dried refreshing feeling. 

This fast food shop was located in a shopping mall, estimated at more than 22 degrees. But she was like locating in Russia, her neck surrendered by a thick red violet blue rose pattern scarf. Fortunately, her upper body only wearing dark green sweater, pants was dark blue Adidas .

"Why don’t you wait for my arrival?" She began a little insolent.

"You haven’t tell me you will join!" I replied very frankly, totally ignored her feeling.

"Too bad! Heartless!" She did not wait for me to respond,turned to the cashier to buy food.

I did not bother to care about her, but she really made me a little anxious . So I very naturally, or driven by my own subconscious, significantly accelerated the speed of eating. I thought it was wary of me, her unique body fragrance would keep making me sick of it! But only a few people queuing , she could spend less than five minutes to pick up breakfast back.

She almost dropped down her cup of hot coffee when sitting down, I agilely stopped the accident in time, but I was hurt by splash, that burning sensation made me cry loudly.

"I'm so sorry! Any injury?" She brought me a little confused, was she really so childlike, or took opportunity to ridicule me? But whatever the outcome, I have saved her coffee, but also unfortunate to be hurt. Otherwise, she would spend extra money to buy another cup. But in return this kind of joking response and scratching my mind, it made me a bit puzzled.

She took out tissue, but I immediately stopped her action, she handed me then motioned to clean by myself. She pasted her little rosy and slightly thick lips tightly, only complied with my will, I thought she was trying to clean for me personally, but I rejected it, her heart could not be comfortable!

We kept speechless for the whole breakfast time, she seemed a bit overwhelmed. She should be intimidated by my indifference! But her character was so subjective than motioned me to keep her at a distance, otherwise would make conflict. So I did not intend to break the ice.

On the way back to railway station, she kept her head down and had been using a kind of timid eyes watching the ground. I would have some soft-hearted, tried to talk to her , but the distance back to station was too short, just wanted to speak to her, Joyce appeared at my sight.

But when I saw her, my heart suddenly thrown up a trace of apprehension, because standing beside Joyce was a boy, exactly the same height, but when I re-nearer, pointed to examine him carefully , found that he was too thin, his face with little pale, his eyes too narrow, similar to nowadays K-pop idol , strong sense of neutral sex.

He seemed fairly well acquainted with her, talking without stop. Completely unaware that we had arrived, clearly saw Joyce’s body keeping a very close distance with that boy ,  sometimes pulling the sleeves of his sports jacket, and put her hand on his shoulder .

I scanned him again with a little closer, the boy obviously quite childish, like the kind being in primary school, even no any hair grew on his arms.

Then my heart started to have a little bit embarrassed, I subconsciously identified their relationship not only common friend. 

This guy, might be her boyfriend living in Tuen Mun.

"Merry Christmas!" Joyce lively and soft voice recalled my soul .

"Merry Christmas!" I responded with little late.

"Hello!" A delicate, almost masculine voice heard , and then I glared at him aggressively .

We had a short eye-contact, but this guy soon withdrew, It seemed that the boy was a coward ,I had no idea why Joyce chose such useless rubbish! Girls relied on a strong man ,valiantly to protect her!

This time, the atmosphere a bit stalemate . At the same time , there were Joyce and Cindy surprisingly deadlock , seemed to have some spark.

Joyce's eyes revealed surprised at first, and then a little bit unhappy, not immediately launched an attack but the heart was unable to suppress anger, I wanted to escape but could not , because Cindy and I were parallel, I could not see how she responded to  Joyce.

"Hey! Could not know that you would come." Joyce turned out to be the first to break the silence, revealing that lovely sweet smile on her face again.

"You are not right! Leave me alone." Cindy responded really lacking generous.

Atmosphere again nosedive.

"You have breakfast yet?" In order to avoid the possibility of deterioration of situation, I tried to relax atmosphere.

"Have eaten, I have a friend coming, I think probably wait another ten minutes." Joyce sweetly smiled at me, I could not control myself peeping her.

We then had a short period eye-contact, during the course of eye-contact, I felt her eyes revealed some deep meanings. Although not sure what, but my blood and my face  clearly made some strong response, my ear more clearly hear my heart beating. Meanwhile, more myth was that she'd thrown the same response, very much like small ripe apples, really wanted a bite , obviously delicious ! Of course, this was nonsense, who would be willing to bite such lovely small red apple ? Instead of only wanna to store her in own wine cellar, feeding with the most suitable temperature and humidity, keeping her the most good condition, quiet, a gentle taste.

"Oh my Sister, any supermarket nearby? I have to buy biscuit and water." Oh! So, the truth was out.

Although my heart became easy, but still had some discontented with his interruption of love transmission between Joyce and I.

"We also have not bought yet!" Cindy pulling my arm, said with extremely sweet voice.

Oh my God, Joyce' s eyes suddenly lost. I wanted to explain to her that I had no feeling to Cindy, But she deliberately fled my eyes, I could do nothing!

I glared at Cindy , forcing her hand immediately shrink.

Vanessa, Joyce 's best friend, just reached, this curly hair tall girl apologized instantly, we then went to the supermarket, buying bread, biscuit, water, and even snacks, then came  to the bus station, about to start our hiking .

Bus crawling slowly as a snail, in the narrow Ting Kok Road, watching bicycles tracked one by one, really wanted to represent the bus driver to perform his task!

Joyce sitting with her best friend Vanessa , I chose to sit behind them, her brother, namely as Leung, sitting together with me. Fortunately, he was slim body, and made a absolutely right choice , otherwise my neighborhood hundred percent was Cindy. I absolutely could not tolerate her unique "Scent of a Woman", also I did not want to hear her voice, to some extent not appropriate and made me embarrassed, Joyce seemed misunderstanding our relationship, I did really not want this misunderstanding go far. Joyce and I just remaining at the beginning , little matters would easily destroy it, But meanwhile I felt strongly that when peeping her, would produce an indescribable feeling, her angel-like smile was definitely the world's most potent antidepressants, just only had a look of her face, all psychologist doctors might step aside!

Watching Cindy sit alone behind, I immediately relieved.

Cindy and Joyce intuitively had some argument, usually the four flowers always talking and laughing very harmonious, but to the rest of this two flower ...... especially when waiting at the train station of tit for tat and their two eyes, as well as Joyce not bothered Cindy on the bus , and Cindy sat so far away from us. But I realized that girls were micro animals, minor and insignificant matters always be amplified, resulting in friction.

I took the initiative to chat with Leung, knew that he really was a F3 student, interested in reading comics. He also hooked out a comic,called “Basketball Hero” told me very fond of playing real basketball. And I told him that I also like reading "Soccer Hero" another popular comic, being its influenced, soccer became my buddy, but my first hobby was reading fictions and novels. I picked up "La Traviata" to read during my primary school period. But he seemed to have no interest in fiction, so I changed another topic.

He said a little envious of my height, I thought, since he loved playing basketball, a taller player would have advantage in basketball field. I also honestly told him I had worked for three years, but I still felt my tallness contributed nothing to my salary, exhorted him no need to concern about his height, studying hard would be much better and more practical!

This bus was really advancing too slowly, forced me to raise different new topic. On the way I listened carefully about Joyce and Vanessa’s topic, Vanessa was explaining something liked insurance policy, in professional tones, and also using many specific terms, did not estimate wrong, she should be engaged in insurance field.

From conversation and casual physical contact, their friendship really true and deep. I was thus thrown up a more optimistic idea: It had a possibility that Vanessa was living in Tuen Mun, instead of suspected boyfriend, was the best friend she mentioned before. If the inference was true, the original invisible tall and thick barrier would be erased! When these barriers disappeared, the future I could try to deploy to .................. Ha ha ha! ! !

I thought I might grasp this great opportunity, tried my best to know where Vanessa living .

Cindy sat apart lonely, then fell asleep, her head often swing to the left. Fortunately, no any passage sitting nearby, otherwise her head resting on the passage’s shoulder, easily causing argument.

Pager sounded suddenly ,checking the screen, Nelson already arrived Taiwan and had checked-out, then left a heart-warming Merry Christmas to me, but mentioned nothing about his penfriend. When he came back, to be sure to ask him the details.

Finally seeing the Plover Cove Reservoir , meaning arrival, soon began to hike.

Getting of the bus, I led them to the entrance of the hiking trail.

Joyce with Vanessa still very close, hand in hand, I could only continue to talk with Leung , temporarily saying nothing to Joyce.

Along with stone paths slowly climbing, more than half of Plover Cove quickly reflected into our eyes. This moment was still cloudless, the sun dedicating its energy to everyone, giving a sweet warm feeling. Mixed pairs of pale yellow dots of red butterflies, might be too forget to philandering, often inadvertently crashed into my face, regardless of skin or chest made a little itch.

Vanessa appeared to satisfactorily fulfill request from Joyce, she bloomed her usual charming sweet smile, smile showing her satisfaction. Vanessa actively stepped down, try to look after Cindy, who was the slowest and face began to turn red, then start a conversation. But I wonder if Cindy was exhausted, or because Vanessa for her was still a stranger, taking indifferent and defense attitude.

But for me it was heaven-sent opportunity, I could talk to Joyce alone!

"Where is it?" Joyce pointed at Plover Cove, full of curiosity and freshness.

"This is the Plover Cove Reservoir, is the second largest reservoir in Hong Kong. Do you see there? It is far from the tall mountain, is Ma On Shan." I acted like a mountain specialist.

"I remember last time I went to Sai Kung, my friends led me to walk along the hiking trail, then took me to climb up a very steep, wit a lot of gravel mountain, must climb by hands . Legs to the confused pain unbearable, but from the top of the hill looking down ,the scenery is really beautiful, really want to have a chance to go one more time "Joyce put it enraptured.

"I did not guess wrong, you should be talking about" Sharp’s Peak ", right?" She actually conquered this Hong Kong hiking pilgrimage!

"Something like it! Not sure. But have a deep impression, nearly to the peak , I was exhausted, no any energy to continue this very tough battle, finally relied on my friend's help, otherwise I was unable to finish the trip. "Joyce still seemed very memorable.

"Your best friend living in Tuen Mun took you there ?" I guessed it was a good time to cut to the chase.

"This friend you seem very interested in, you ask it more than once!"

"No, no ........." I suddenly speechless, cheeks still a little heartburn.

The atmosphere became a bit dirty.

"They have not climbed up, wait for them!" Joyce looked back at the other three, soon, they waved their hands to show their location.

"Walk to the turnoff to wait !"

"Our party has five people! walking together will be more lively and laughing. Besides, you have to take care of other group members, right?" She seemed a little unhappy.

"OK!" I foolishly touched to her nerves, as if she really was not willing to disclose the relationship between them. It seemed I could only step back and wait.

She seemed to imply that best friend living in Tuen Mun was not Vanessa, otherwise she just answer her friend was here! Previous assumption was totally wrong, anyway I had to temporarily avoid this topic, and then long-term perspective.

Cindy looked very tired, her face reddened even more evident than before. I asked her if she rarely exercise, she could only nod, too tired, only to do was taking a break here, let her recuperate.

Vanessa took out a pack of chocolate from the pack, and then assigned to us to enjoy,  very taste.

Cindy increasingly difficult, even not able to eat . Seemed to vomit, sat on the stone steps without any cool down. I immediately pull her up, told her it was dangerous to sit down immediately, would constitute a threat to her heart.

Vanessa asked me this trip’s rundown, I told her would have to climb over the eight peaks of Pat Sin Range, then down to Hok Tau Reservoir as of the end. But now, depending on Cindy’s recovery, if she still unwell, then we would change the rundown, shortened the trip, just climbed down to Bride's Pool .

Cindy could say again, informed us just give her more ten minutes to continue the trip, but also insisted on completing the originally planned trip, be sure to finish it. Although she still spoke with some asthma, but she revealed a firm appearance, reflecting her strong will and heart to conquer all the peaks, of great determination, and I could not help a positive response to her eyes.

We took the opportunity to get something to eat and drink, soon after ten minutes, the physical condition of Cindy significantly better. proactively ordering us to restart.

We decided to climbed on the first mountain top "fairy peak."without rest. This time, once again Joyce and Vanessa talked non-stop, while Leung turned out to be focus on his comic, was truly a super comic fans, I admired his full concentration, but also very worried that he would fall.

Cindy still only could walked at a slower speed, when coming across higher stairs, seemed powerless. To avoid any delay , I pulled her up, of course, only for steep slopes .

Cindy’s reaction when I pulled her hands was a bit unexpected, only politely smile or implicitly say thank you. Coupled with the kind of indomitable , the impression to her had a little change. Wanna to tell her that better maintained this attitude, did not use such strange looked at me weird again, and did not say any suspected of ambiguous words.

She continued to exude her strong "body fragrance," but this time obviously less simulation, I did not know why, was I too sensitive?

We had reached the fairy peak, decided to take a break for a while. Cindy had no discomfort and returned to healthy, had ability to answer loudly and clear. Leung just read the whole comic, then took out the camera to take pictures . We took many photos there, but unfortunately there was no any selfie for Joyce with me!

Peak winds kept blowing, when wind blowing, we smelled even mixed with some similar BBQ unusual burning .

"Help! Is not burning fire ?" Vanessa screamed .

The distant hills emergence of white smoke, liked being near the mouth of an active volcano in Indonesia. Looming a small fire dragon, and heard the sound of burning grass Para Para.

Just meeting a hiking team of well-equipped, coming from the opposite direction, I took the opportunity to ask their situation, but they were very leisurely to respond not serious, no need to worry too much, just boldly walked over.

We then discussed the need to backtrack . Joyce and Vanessa did not want to take risk , urged to return. But Cindy and Leung was surprisingly insisting the original route, and said that only a minor fire. Leung more analysis in accordance with the current wind direction, the flames would not spread to hiking trails, Cindy also said she hated turning back, after setting a goal , whatever meeting any difficulty, in any case might come to an end, she had such perseverance and courage, so brave!

In fact, I also had this similar idea, no matter what the situation encountered, even if exhausted , could not go back, that was a shame to turn back, our both thinking had such resonance. But Joyce was obviously not adventurous, loved staying in safety zone. If  we finally be a couple, such differences would become a stumbling block and conflict?

Two wanted to leave, and other two wanted to continue. In other words, my vote directly determined our way, certainly I agreed with Cindy and Leung’s view, but the decision was in respect of our safety issues, I still had a little bit of hesitation. I tried to observe the spread direction of the fire dragon,and then decided the fate of the dragon, but because there was no portable telescope, hard to see clear, very strenuous to see.

Joyce seemed a little impatient, in order not to prevent further delay , I decided to let the God determine, I threw a coin, side with words meaned withdrawal, while side with picture encouraged us to be brave!The final result was..........

Trekking heavily, passed the eight peaks., still could see many hiking teams along the trail,they seemed very easy to the fire, looked very calm, only reminded us not to walk into the grass.

Joyce became very solemn , looked as a bit timid. I laughed and said I was so tall, the flame would first devour me, you could have the opportunity to run away. But she seemed not accept my appease , yet softly concluded me crazy. Vanessa constantly urged us to run faster, leaving as soon as possible.

We gradually approached the scene, the increasing Para Para sound, seemed to warn us not to go near, or burnt us to ashes. The surrounding temperature had gradually increased, my forehead started sweating.

"Wow! Divided into three fire dragons, not only one, too dangerous, turn back please!" After Vanessa exclaimed, with an almost pleading tone, tried to convince us to go back.

At that time, we located at the middle point of the trail, now a large area of grass was burning, had been occupied by the three red dragons, the nearest burning area just 10 meters far, and seemed spread faster than before, we almost circled by fire webs. 

We gradually feared, our bodies began to shake! 

Strong wind strengthened the dragon’s power, they continued to grow up, with the same direction to our escaping, as parasites inside the stomach, expanding their territory. The three dragons raging onslaught.

I did not know whether the impact by high temperature, yellow flames began to give birth, if no accident they would soon be joined together . Fortunately, they just spread the parallel straight lines, rather than top-down unsympathetic to presumptuous, flames closest to the minimum ten meters from the stone paths, if we ran more boldly, we still had chance to survive.

No other hiking teams walked nearby, we seemed a bit helpless.

"Stop!" Joyce began to tremble, and more cowardly hiding behind me.

I explained to her that I had a more optimistic view, but she was just repeating to turn around, and Leung same time began to shake the faith to go along with, Vanessa began a little more choked.

They began to lose confidence, ready to turn back.

"Useless, the trail we passed before has burnt, has become a large-scale burning!" Cindy cool little gasp but gently said .

Maybe too concentrated on front area, not noticed the back side. I looked back and saw a large lighted slopes to be outdone, keeping spreading, created more and more fire dragons. If they caught up with the front of the three dragons , a large screen would be caught in the flames, turned into a wide range of forest fires.

Oh my God! Really happening!.

The shocking images had made us surrendered . Vanessa had been scared to cry, tightly hung with Joyce. Leung also very restless pacing back and forth, almost fell out of the cliff. Cindy suddenly hugged me, eyes began to wet astringent ,only stared at me. Since that time I also went to pieces, her hugs and physical closeness in time to give me comfort, eased my fear and sense of helplessness. So I did not turned down her ruthless, but hugged her waist, she fell on my chest soft sobbing.

The temperature raised rapidly, my face had been covered with large drops of perspiration. Just like a mighty force behind the flames , soon engulfed us completely.

I had a blank mind, only vaguely heard the sound of the girls' help, in addition to the complaint by Joyce, saying why did not climbed down immediately.

The nose began to feel the hot stream sucked into , more dizzy dizzy nausea. Their cries became more intense and sharp, I vaguely saw the God of death approaching, that ghastly enthusiastically lent a hand, ready to send us to the netherworld!

"We will both die ?" I confused.

Suddenly there was a body heat, squelch rolled from the inner space of my brain, to produce a powerful idea, and constantly shouting commands that we might escape to survive successfully.

"Stop fucking crying!Go!" I vaguely heard the echo, I really did not expect I would say foul language in front of the girls.

No any time to escape, I immediately pulled Cindy ran forward, and repeatedly urged them to run immediately. Maybe their mind had frozen, they kept in silence and only followed me.  

Seeing a large burnt area, in addition to rugged mountains. But survival instinct made us overcome them. We had been running for a long time, I began to feel the surrounding temperature decreased, and that thrilling sound also went away, but we had another challenge, estimated more than two thousand stone steps waiting for us, luckily just going down.

But then we realized that our physical exertion, my legs did not listen to my command to walk, just halted, limp then fell on the ground, everyone was already exhausted, could not say a word. Just looked back to the hiking trail we escaped, had been covered with smoke, flames had occupied the entire hill, keeping roaring, vowing to completely dissolve all mountain.

Joyce’s small dimple filled with transparent tears, body still twitching. I really wanted to wipe away her tears , softly comforted her to reproduce her smile. But tired legs could not support my wish. Vanessa hiding her head into her tired legs, motionless, Leung liked a solitary old man sitting on a park, with dull eyes !

Remaining a thousand of high stairs had to be overcome, from far to near. It turned out to be more than a dozen firemen carrying sophisticated and heavy equipment, some still holding fire shot, courageously ran up to fight for the fire, then a helicopter hovering around.

The leader of that firemen team asked our need of assistance , then I told them we had no injury, they continued to rush to the scene.

Joyce glanced at me, made me a little confused because consciousness at that time unable to distinguish whether she was praising me, or blamed me too honest, causing her to walk down the mountain with extreme tired.

I also wondered why not accept their helping hands immediately, but we had been safe, and secondly, the violent fire needed a lot of fireman to control, so I still felt that I was doing right.

After about twenty minutes sitting paralyzed, gradually recovered. Looked again my watch, almost 3pm. I asked them to leave, they both nodded .

The helicopter still hovering , seeing a bucket hanging at the bottom, wondering how many times to carry such a small bucket of water to extinguish all fires successfully.

Leung, Joyce and Vanessa still had some difficulty to stand up, fortunately in the end did it. But Cindy’s situation was not good, her legs still painful, could not control crying, her legs might sprained.

"Leave now, no need to take care of me!" She asked us with tearful eyes.

"Call the firemen to help !" Vanessa suggested.

"No, you just carry her down the mountain, then accompany her to see a doctor!" Joyce pointed to me profoundly.

"When you pulled her away, too hasty, might have hurt her, you have to compensate! Besides, Cindy wants you to take care ......" Joyce suddenly stopped.

Staring at her, she had an almost jealous, mixing with other complex emotions eyes response. My heart stopped, and the whole atmosphere was frozen too .

Having said such thing, Joyce started biting her lip , full of frustration in her eyes. But that time I really did not have enough wisdom and common sense to understand the meaning behind , I even thought she was too childish. She usually speaking full of gentle and with angel-like smile, only a fantasy? Only her survival tactics?

My mind smugly agreed this poor analysis, so a little frivolous response:

"OK! No problem! No need to wait for us, we will have other entertainment, also I have to take care of Cindy , she is very poor" I also turned my eyes to the sky, then there two eagle constantly spinning, wondering they were looking for prey, or watching our naive. 

"Vanessa, Leung, let's go! Do not disturb them!"Joyce seemed so angry, then soon ran away without looking back.

I had never seen such attitude, so serious, containing a lot of iron needles, made me injury.

I put Cindy on my backbone, but the burning smell mingled with the sweat , I could not tolerate, wanted to vomit .

"You are tired, put me down to take a rest."

I did not respond to her . One reason was her constantly sour smell that forced me to shut my mouth, and secondly I had to concentrate on the trail, this long and steep ladder, which had a lot of stone step over a long period of weathering , rain erosion and finally decay, Even if some was still in good condition, but because of the steep slope, might be carefully walking down.

"You just want to hike with Joyce only? I appear if redundant? You seemed very concerned with her, but she does not seem happy."Cindy said such thing in a sudden.

I remained silent. In addition to these factors, and I began to find my strength nearly depleted, the leg had started bouncing uncontrollably, the body constantly sweating, could only rely on own supporting.

"Put me down, I feel your body sweat penetrated into my body, but also some unpleasant smell!"

I heard the last word clearly, much simulated my temper, I suddenly ceased, then squatting down, required her to walk alone.

But I could not stop myself retorted, content was probably the same as saying she had strong body odor, also brazen criticisms people have odor. More anti-scold whether forgetting just how I saved her out of the fire .

"Can you wait for me? Do not go farther and farther, I am sorry! Forgive me" Maybe I really was too angry, even magical legs getting faster and faster. She begged to stop, only to find our distance much wider than before,a fully thirty stone steps away. 

Cindy doddering, only could use her left leg to walk, looked helpless.

I was a bit impatient, especially with some regret to Joyce, careless whisper after a fit of anger, and she could really walk away. This situation was definitely not my desire, also not my ability to clean up. But Cindy still limping, I had no spare capacity to lift her on my backbone, finishing the rest of the trip. My anxiety at her from far and near, this time the smoke covered on the mountain top subsided a bit, the air was not so cloudy as before, estimated firemen should soon put out the fires, and then down the mountain. I considered whether seeking their help.

Cindy's eyes still shining with little tears, also a little resentment glanced at me. But I did not know the reason, because I had severely scolded her, or caused by leg pain? I expressed a more calm tone to console her, but she only knew how to constantly shake her head, more tears welling .

Often heard that girl’s heart was a profound knowledge, difficult to understand their real feeling . Now I understood this theory, both Joyce and Cindy were example. But of course I could realize the difference between them, Joyce's angry really made me like a wok ants, heartly anxiety and fear. But Cindy's only made me feel bored.

Mountain fire seemed still very tenacious, helicopters had been back and forth several times, threw a lot of water bombs , then there were a large group of well-equipped firefighters to help in reinforcements. But the fire still arrogant mad claws, I began to worry about the safety of firefighters.

This also implied that they still had to fight for a long time, not easy to find their assistance.

Cindy already failed to go on, helplessly looked at her injured leg. I could not help sympathizing with her . But time was so rush , and if such entangled continued , not only Joyce, impatient to leave, and that we might be forced to stay overnight, I checked almost all food and water had been consumed . Stay any longer, then, unless the firefighters had finished their task, otherwise we might face the plight of the hungry.

I had to think of ways as soon as possible ............

Cindy suddenly grasped my right hand, struggling but reluctantly stood up.

"I hope you to hold my hand as before. Because if you do, I will have courage to keep going." She was a little relapse, once again revealed her desire to control.

"In my own opinion! I know what you thought, but I'm not your cup of tea, I'm not for you!" carelessly blurted out.

Her response was surprisingly calm, but still struggling to holding my hand, I could not tangible through her mind .

"I'm glad you reject me so direct and frank, that’s why I love you. In fact, I have already noticed your heart has someone, and this person, even if you do not say ,I also know who she is. Although I am very uncomfortable, But I think even if I insist, the final will be in vain, just want you to hold my hand until seeing them, I'll let go of the hand immediately, I promise this is my last request. In fact, I have a habit of writing diary, I would like today to stay in a good memory, can have some special story to write down.”  

Her eyes were really filled with sincere. If I refused this little request, this was really too cruel!

My face got wet, large drops of perspiration competing out, did not say a word , I quietly holding her hand, carefully stepped down the mountain. Some of the more ragged steep ladder, I simply held on, even almost holding her waist, then she would quietly say thank you.

Then in addition to helicopter’s engine sound. We remained quietly and slowly down without saying a word. Cindy tightly holding my hand and made a little pain, but still allowed her to continue this little revenge.

Eventually turning to dark, we finally reached the valley. Unfortunately, Joyce really gone, did not stop to wait for us. I could not help produce a deep sense of loss, but soon an unknown anger covered!

"They really walk away, too cruel, if we hurt fainted how to count? No rescue till the death and nobody knows ?" I was shelling.

"Maybe Joyce really misunderstood us, let me explain to her later."

"No need! Forget it!"

Cindy also kept healing me, saying many good words for her. I noticed Cindy, also had her kind and lovely character.,although sometimes a bit subjective and overbearing. But there was a way to get along with her honest, unfettered feeling freely and completely without modifying any demeanor. However, along with Joyce, no such feeling.

"In fact, you just said I'm subjective, but have you find yourself also same as me?" Cindy rare soft.

"I? Subjective? I can not find ......... how" words had given me a great shock, I spent a long while.

"You have to pay more attention to your demeanor, then easier to be aware of."

I watched this limped, eyelid with a semi-vertical shape girl, pondered her words in doubt.

Milky white moon now shining, but the winter sun had not completely hidden. Looking back to the top of the mountain, overlooking the three dancing dragon flames, really turned into a forest fire, we both invariably exclaimed, but also felt fortunate to escape. While advancing to the dark, we arrived Hok Tau Reservoir, so much more relaxed.

"You need not take care of me. In any case, still very grateful to you for bringing me such a memorable Christmas, and honestly tell me that your own thinking, and let me know your heart’s belonging. Do not worry! I just go home to cry, then will be fine, I think you still seriously consider how to explain to Joyce! I am a girl, understand that she is a little jealous, don’t blame her! Back to school, get a chance to talk to her, she is a good girl. "This was truly generous.

I suddenly had the urge to keep the status of hand in hand with her.

"Why don’t you release you hand? It’s a wide road." Indeed, I wanted to hold more.

"Mostly it was dark ......... we have not seen them." I casually piled some excuse to answer her.

"Don’t cheat yourself. You must not half-hearted, and you just refuse me, but now you still hold my hands, you are confused" Her tone became as Joyce .

She woke me up in time. She was right, I really did not know what I wanted.

I still clasped her, but she outrightly bent my fingers , immediately scaled back due to painful, almost burst into tears.

"I do not want to be Joyce’s shadow, determine whom you love first! Do not so naive, I can only accept a man loving me only. I have to go home for dinner,goodbye. "She turned her altitude rapidly !

In the minibus to railway station, she sat alone in a single-seat, left me to sit on the right rear alone, after arriving Fanling Station, she just said the word of goodbye, quickly hurried into the gate, a flash hidden in the crowd.

Strong sense of frustration continued to torment me , but I still believed that ignorance was the nature of girl's trouble, could not understand the two girls’ own thinking, or by what kind of hurt.

After a hasty dinner, I went alone to see the Christmas lighting in Tsim Sha Tsui East, but after watching a lot of sparkling Christmas tree, and giant smile Santa lights shining on the wall of building, increasing feeling at a loss and lonely. Around very lively, crowded and occasionally mingled with excitement and loud caroling singing, but I could not listen, no any concerning to that hymns .

Returning to home and found myself aching muscles, unusual tiredness. But one advantage for this was I had no strength for rethinking, refusing to take a bath, slept immediately.

Whole body muscle pain, made me hard to get up. Originally had an appointment to play football with my high school buddies, but obviously could not attend. 

I randomly opened my drawer, seeing Sara’s letter, some contents still not read, together with my unposted reply letter .

Suddenly wanted to pick up the letter, and read that part of the remaining paragraphs , but my mother repeated urging me to take a bath, then dinner, forced me to put down the idea.

This night was still tossing and turning, but there was little gain, that I realized that Cindy's remark in the mountains. Because all night thinking about Joyce, very worried about going back to school, she would be cold, but also trying to find ways to save the possible dilemma at the same time.This made me confused, it was really a moment I impulsively treated Cindy as a substitution. If she relented and let us continue fingers intertwined, I really could not imagine the consequences, and how to deal with Joyce.

Throughout the whole full week of vacation, back to school already in 1992 .

Reaching 1992, there had been some changes in our college,my accounting pretty teacher,  not say any goodbye to leave unexplained, instead of a stiff tall, thin male teacher, so my enthusiasm in Accounting, also accompanied by her, had gone.

Resumption of the first week announced the exam results, same as I expected before, all four subjects passed. But the drawback was that the performance of Economics somewhat unsatisfactory, barely passing. It seemed really to study harder !

As for the rest of my buddies, Nelson got an unexpected high score in Econ , compared with the other three including me, his score was the highest, but he failed in Business Studies. Eric also surprisingly failed in Use of English, Johnny and I would broadly similar.

But for four flowers, completely unknown, I seldomly talked to them after back to school. Joyce and Cindy obviously revealed a deliberate alienation of me.

Joyce was still happy and exhibited her angel-like smile, but only limitedly distributed in four flowers circles. Cindy had no longer peeping at me as in the past , so I was a little something missing. However, I noticed one thing, that Joyce and Cindy seldomly had direct communication. Only waiting four flowers whispering, then unwillingly a few perfunctory, it seemed they had some grudge .

After school on Friday night, our four big boys used to go to the old place, in addition to review the exams, the main topic of nature was inseparable from Nelson's trip to Taiwan.

His exultant through the night, exhaustively shared his trip in Taipei, then evening went to the night market, ate a lot, then went to bookstore. But the most concern was their activity in hotel.

He told us both had abnormal excitement, making love for more than three times at the first night, the next morning did twice more, he described in detail she was constantly screaming, the entire bed sheets got wet, but I doubt he was a little boast, I was ready to ridicule him. Remember that unpleasant event, but also to avoid being splashed by his mad Coke, I chose to keep quiet!

We talked in good atmosphere ,very happy, completely not to imply that someone was standing behind us .

"What a coincidence! We are sitting by the window , is preparing to leave, only to find that both of you also here." holding a cup of Coke, also on a purple scarf around, was Joyce.

Nelson embarrassed , a little unnatural to say hello. But the most embarrassing was I , after hearing her gentle voice, accidentally knocked over my Coke, pants was all wet.

Joyce thoughtfully handed me a tissue, and then after showing such as the spring azalea- liked fresh sweet smile, then said goodbye to us.

I hurried to clean up my pants, ears vaguely heard three big boys laughed.

"That is not Cindy ! Do you also love both Cindy and Joyce!"

"You want to conquer both?"

"You are afraid of Joyce knowing your relationship with Cindy !"

"What have you hidden ?"

I turned angry, after a bunch of foul language, throwing remaining fries, like darts , but they also took avenger, the boys inside the restaurant chasing,chasing and chasing. Just had a dark-skinned cleaning lady around, picking up cleaning, immediately scolded after seeing our presumptuous , made us a little embarrassed, immediately stopped our naughty and hurriedly left.

I said goodbye to them, rushed to the bus station. When crossing Cheung Sha Wan Road, again catching a glimpse of my bus arrived, so desperately to catch up, but that the driver was really an outrage to me , I almost caught the bus but the entrance door was closed and immediately drove off. In addition to making me breathless , I saw Joyce sitting in the bus , a seat located on the right side of lower floor, I could not help saying foul , blamed the driver not giving me a chance to meet her.

I had a lot of things to tell her! I wanted to explain to her, Cindy and I had not struck any spark of love. I also wanted to apologize to her about my altitude on that day , and not acted decisively back down, made them terrified and confused exhaustion. Also to clarify she heard in restaurant, purely Nelson's experience, I did not involve , and many would like to say to her ............

I was dizzy not even know next bus had come , as a result ,watched it go away, I was a little crazy!

One thing is worthy to mention and very interesting,is that, when you're desperate, something will make you renew hope, but then once again makes you disappointed. 

The bus passed near Sham Tseng, was surprised to see Joyce was standing at the edge of the highway, her bus seemed some problem, parked behind another bus, a group of passengers were jumping and squeezing into the bus , soon full, the residual passengers only standing beside to wait for other buses. 

Because of the same route, my bus stopped and picked up the rest of passengers.

At that time I was sitting in the upper floor, at the end of left hand side , and still had a lot of vacancies. I naturally put the focus on Joyce ,looking for her . Although the weather was cold, I still opened the window, head out the window, ready to ask her to sit together.

Unfortunately, my dream soon broken, I could not find her! That obviously had been pushed into another bus, I could only helplessly, watched the bus leave.

My bus soon picked up all passengers and drove off. Because of cold weather and winds kept attacking my head , consecutive sneezing, appeared running nose.

The speed of my bus was very fast soon ahead of Joyce’s choice. I looked at that bus, failed to find her again,heart suddenly some muttering, why Joyce chose such over- crowded and dilapidated bus, reluctant to glance at my brand new and spacious one? Her special friend still a secret, but why he or she always needed her ? There was too far away from her home.

Series of questions along the way to my home

I completely identified Joyce had a boyfriend, this inference had not been proved ,but gradually built an invisible but solid barrier between us, our friendship frozen. After a period of time, in addition to polite nod, between us could only have topic around academically.

Cindy was indeed a very principled girl, since X’mas hiking, she became quite cool, sometimes ignored my hello. The fire incident exposed my poor skills in communication with girls, even more so had a strong sense of inferiority and frustration. Fortunately, getting frequent test and exams, and a lot of homework filled the entire brain, helped me temporarily put down those I still need a long time to learn matters.

But after the Lunar New Year holiday , the God brought me something memorable .

On this Valentine day , radio station, constantly intensive playing intoxicating songs. Walking along the street could saw a lot of face covered with a bit intoxicated , holding a bouquet of ten times the original price , mostly red roses girls. Some female colleagues, after receiving this expensive gift,face liked winning a lottery, around to show off. Some usually wearing casual dress, suddenly revealing the talent of slender legs, captivated my attention.

This festival was really infinite power, men were forced to clear his pocket. 

This evening both Eric and Maggie absent, predictable! This was the first Valentine's Day for them to be celebrated, worthy of absence.

But one thing I was quite surprised, that Joyce still here, with her usual dressing . Suddenly my mind flashed up, but after seeing Rebecca , who had engaged a stable relationship,also came back to class, my hopes disappeared. 

Rebecca told us consumption of dinner at this evening was too terrifying, in order not to make fools, so gave up to celebrate. Although there was no sharing of Joyce , but my heart had concluded an answer.

Incidentally, Nelson did not come back to class. In fact, we did not know him all the way with that pen pal in Taiwan, he still had something not disclosed to us , he did not express whether still contacted with her. 

This evening, I watched Joyce everything, she was still cheerful, smiled. So I was sure she should conceived to avoid her boyfriend unnecessary cost, she would prefer to chose a narrow crowded and old bus, rather than choosing a new one, enough to prove that she was stable and loyal. Basically, if her boyfriend had not done any mistakes, she would follow him for life, but I did not have this blessing!

However, I still wanted to fight for the opportunity to be her close friend!

Barring unforeseen circumstances, this night she would travel to Tuen Mun after school , looking for her beloved. But I turned out to be the wrong inference, I quickly went to the bus stop after school, then deliberately missed three buses,until midnight, forced to ride back. Then I had some obscene idea ! They should had rented a hotel, ready to make love through the night, after thinking of this , my mind a little askew, and I imagined her reaction would be really gentle sounds like a cat. Eyes would be synthesis of line, and her body, her private parts looked .........

I began some physiological responses, after hurried back home to relaxed

Mind had flashed a lot of things, made me fail to sleep again. One thing was Sara’s letter still not fully read , it was better to have a look now!

However, when I just finished reading , I was overawed . My hands and heart , trembled uncontrollably .

"I have something to tell you, but first I hope you can treat it as a joke, take it easy, do not need to show consideration for my feelings, also ignore my wishful confession , most important thing is to be able to continue our friendship.

Two years ago, the fate made us become one pair of pen pal, soon found you are very sincere, also have ambition, really special compatibility. And unwittingly, I was generating some very special feeling, this feeling makes my mind constantly thrown up a number of ...... please do not laugh, I have never tasted a love, but your candor, ideals, sincere, jagged affecting my mood. In my dreams you always appears, hobble around black-rimmed glasses, you hold my hand, and then also ............... , I began heartbeat and blush. In reality, although we still not meet, but I've decided that no matter your appearance is the same as with my dream, I am ready to make a deeper contacts.

As a girl, used to stick to "reserved" such inherent conservatism concept. And I'm afraid to tell you directly causing you have a bad impression, so only hiding my feeling. Remember I told you never go to the famous marriage stone of Bowen Road ? Remember I told you I had just learned to make chocolate, wanted to share with you? Remember I deliberately told you another man pen pal courted me, want to seek your advice how to reject him?

Unfortunately, you seemed not much concerning, ignored. Do you know this pen pal is now my future husband? Sometimes I think, If you could be able to put more emphasis, articulated you want me to reject him, or told me your desire to taste my chocolate . My choice would be quite different. You know what? I was ready to choose you, follow your will. But to me the pain and frustration that everything is wishful thinking!

Forget it! I know your sincere, not want to hurt me directly. May be your attitude so clear, in addition to the time running so fast, my feeling gradually began to fade. And now that I have him, when I felt lonely and blue, in a timely manner of adding his sincere, caring, love and tolerance. His patience melted me, as eating Nepenthe, ablation residue feeling about you, soon falling in love.

You and I are outspoken, I hope you will not be leaving any feelings of indebtedness.

Finally, I wish you have a happy life, can determine your career path as soon as possible, and find the one you really love .

Sara

"Oh! No!" A moment of carelessness, I paid a heavy price!

I wanted to inspect all the letters written by Sara, tried to find out any hints for her love, but had spent almost half a day , no any result. It made me angry to knock over all the books , scared my mother so much.

After this set-back, I suddenly lost confidence again, afraid of contacting girls, isolated from all female, only focus on academic. I was often a little neurotic, obsessive pushed my buddies to study hard, A.Level was difficult to cope with, made them confused, misunderstood I was too hard to study, as a result of some disorder! Coincidentally told me to relax.

Once again the God gave me another training for dealing with girls, but this was a very special experience.

One night my pager sounded, looked at the screen,was Kelly, she left her home number directly .

"What happen, absent for a long time?"

"I ......... I recently uncomfortable." Her tone was a death-like, every word staying in the same tone, no rhythm, no up and down!

"I'm not feeling ......... ........." She seemed forgetting just said.

"What happened?"

"I'm not comfortable ...... ......... ......... All of my friends give me up," no tone cadence.

"What you really happening? I try to help you."

"I ...... Can you come to Ma On Shan to visit me? can you accompany me ......... I'm afraid ......" vaguely heard some sobbing.

Her situation seemed very serious, I needed to see her in person, find out what disease she was suffering from, or encountering any problems.

"OK, when?"

"I'm tired ......... I ......" She suddenly hung up.

I immediately called back , ringing a full half minutes, finally picked up as an old lady.

"I'm sorry, I'm tired ........."

"Tomorrow, okay? 7pm at Heng On Estate Shopping Centre Macdonald." I pushed her.

"Sorry! Thank you! Sorry to bother you, but now I want to sleep ......"

"We are friends ! Anyway, allow me to share your problem, OK?"

"Thank you! I want to sleep!"

"OK! See you tomorrow night."

She was under an unusual circumstances, might suffer from some serious illness. My mind kept flashing those cancers, heart disease , too chilling. Her character might be somewhat brutal, but still young and pure, and I did not want to see this young girl  suffering ills toss.

An hour later I called her again , but no answer.

I arrived the venue on time. At first thought she had not come, then went looking for a two-seat, but took less than two minutes, eyes suddenly flashed.

"I'm sorry, I am late!"

I looked up, completely unable to believe this was Kelly ..................

"I am ugly and very fat?" asked by a slim girl less than one hundred pounds.

I really could not believe my eyes, that standing in front of me was , who long ago confidently, serious but sometimes fire persistent ,also with some brutal, capricious mood swings of Kelly. At present, she was not only too weak to speak almost inaudible, and extremely yellow skin, rough and lacked luster. Sunken face was haggard, her eyes red and glazed, vaguely seeing a little bit of oozing eyelids . She was an impatient one. But it had now become another person, just seeing her abnormal slow motion when she sat down , definitely a worrying situation.

"What do you want? I buy for you." I looked at her obvious shaking hand, could not buy food.

But she just kept shaking her head.

" Not want to eat here? Go to another restaurant."

She looked at the round white table dull , not saying a word.

"What happened to you? Can you tell me?"

She was still unconscious, shaking her head.

"You do not tell me, I can not help you." I started a little annoyed.

"I am very tired recently ............ ......... ......... also often feel life boring," she began to sob.

Because it was a rush hour for dinner, the restaurant nearly full. A couple voted me with strange eyes, might misunderstand I was bulling her!

"Do you not want to talk at here? Go outside to tell me." I tried to lead her to go outside , lest she lose control , the situation was difficult to cope with.

She nodded, then stood up lazily . Also from the eyes spilled tears, but she did not intend to wipe . Then I noticed her dressing so untidy. That criss-cross the crease, and covered with little blue pen spots orange plaid shirt , the same style of costume covered with folds of black trousers. To the left sleeve rolled up to near her upper arm, but the right only slightly asymmetrical to the wrist. She walked around the mall, then reached a fish pond built with Chinese-style garden, along the road she only bowed without saying a word. 

We sat down at a corner, near two yellow cats were enjoying their dinner. Kelly looked at them at first transfixed , but suddenly changing rapidly, reached out and fondled them. Wherein a more obese, still indulged to eat, surprisingly was hold up by Kelly,seemed to dislike her behaviour, continued to meow , four legs kicked the air nervously, the other felt dangerous,ran as bullet immediately.

"Let them have dinner first! They are so scared!" but she completely ignored me.

"Wow!" Frightened cat caught her, she let go of the cat to pull away!

Kelly began to sob again. This situation brought me back the previous experience of Wu Kai Sha. Because of this familiar experience, I simply let her cry . Then liked the last time, handing her a tissue to clean her own.

But she did not unusually wiping away her tears, when her dry and yellow face covered with tears, I saw her such poor situation, the heart a little sad, then I did not ask her to wipe out her tears, she lifted her head slightly, with an extremely sad and helpless eyes, looking at me .

After I was a little stiff and hurried to wipe out her tears, she completely collapsed, also hugged me crying, I gently swept her thin back to comfort her.

"Life is boring ......, ......... I don’t know how to live..." She was crying and knelt on the ground.

"Boring or not, depends on your goals and ideals. If just focus on immediate reality, or simply concentrating on your own benefit, it is really boring." I tried to find something positive to comfort her, but she had no response, I only to stroked her long time did not seem to care dry hair.

"I'm sorry, I really trouble recently, very frustrated , uninterested in anything. You know I have abandoned my singing, the whole body is extremely tired."She finally agreed to disclose the knot ,also saw her somewhat calm.

"Consult to doctor yet?Any conclusion?"

She nodded and said she was waiting for consulting of Prince of Wales Hospital's psychiatric, she said while consulting the out-patient doctor, she took a questionnaire to give her answer, after she wrote a letter of introduction and told her to there.

"You know I am in pain, I have to consult psychiatry, you know I have a best friend for many years, immediately feared at me after knowing my situation, called her, she heard my sound immediately hung up. Do you think I'm insane? "She fell on her thigh, sobbed again.

I clasped her hands, strongly denied by shaking my head.

"Listen to me, I've read some reference books about the psychological and emotional illness in the library, which had mentioned something called depression. Symptoms with your present situation is somewhat similar, of course, I am not such a specialist, can not be sure you are suffering from such illness, but I can tell you, you talk also very orderly, no difference from other ordinary people, irrelevant to perceived madness. Other people will confuse these two cases, only their ignorance ! You need not mind. "

Perhaps my heartfelt words touched her. She picked up the paper towel to wipe tears , After looked up at me, her eyes revealed a faint trace of gratitude. I smiled as encouragement to her, she also returned smile.

To see her smile, my heart generated a bit complacent. Her smile brought me great satisfaction and pride.

"Are you hungry now? " My stomach was drumming.

"I'm sorry! Mom is cooking some porridge, I think it's time to go back!" Her mood finally calmed down, but voice still weak. I slowly took her back to the main entrance of her building. I proposed to accompany her to her flat, she nodded readily.

"Thank you for spending your own time to comfort me, but my situation is not ideal, not be able to join you for dinner." She again with grateful eyes.

"Does n’t matter!”

"I'm sorry ...... I" She suddenly began to panic.

"Thank you!" Her little gentle smile along with up to five seconds.

"You go to bed earlier, don’t think too much. After consulting the doctor , remember to take medicine on time and follow-up treatment, you will soon better, trust me!" I had a positive tone, but also a thumbs-up to encourage her.

After watching her completely going home, then intended to leave. When she just entered her home, deliberately turned with a smile and repeated goodbye, then I found her smile also very sweet. Of course, could not compared with that of Joyce.

Hastily eating dinner, ready to ride to the bus station to leave, pager sounded again, turned out to be Kelly this message:

"Really, I sincerely thank you for letting me fall in your arms for catharsis, I'm feeling a lot better. Thank you, you are so kind, I’ll remember this moment."

"I'm good, ha ha, the first time a girl so praised me, ha ha!" I thought again her message  .

Her message encouraged me so much, irrigated my mindfulness confident, saved my already withered mind!

Next day, I received a message from Kelly, she said after listening to my speech, mood had a lot better, also urged to repay me. It seemed that she just suffering depressed mood , not necessarily really from depressive illness. After I took the initiative to call her to see how her latest case, the tone sounds showed her situation improved so much than previously. Although her speaking speed still slow , but she was willing to say some jokes, took the initiative to tell me what happened every day, resumed to play piano and practice singing. I was more sure of that reasoning, of course, did not rule out that she had seen a doctor and taking medication to control the disease, but a nutshell was that optimistic and reassuring.

Two days before the Easter holiday, I received her pager message again, she wanted me to accompany her to Lai Chi Kok Amusement Park either one day of holiday. I naturally welcomed . Firstly I had a long time not been there to play, and secondly, after this period, more deeply with her contacts, to a certain extent eliminated my obsession for her and found that she was not entirely so unreasonable , her character was perfect doctrine, had higher requirements to herself,even her friends, In addition to previous breaking-up with her boyfriend had a falling out, and her loved dog coincidentally passed away , a series of things that triggered her emotional volatility.

But then I still estimated we were only pure good friends only! Of course, what happened in Easter was definitely beyond my expectation.

Because my mind, the capacity was only capable of one girl, of course, to a certain extent also it was said to be two people. But that had become a supporting role, and only filled with remorse and recall ! Another had become the only one, frequency of thinking of her getting even further, I thought, because again saw a ray of hope !

In the evening of this day, my relationship with Joyce indeed a subtle and desirable change, detail story will be described later.

We made our appointment on the second day of Easter holidays. Since I had to decided that my relationship with Kelly was only pure friend, so I was just casual shirt match jeans, not deliberately modified to wear formally. Relatively thinking Kelly also casual.

But the night before the appointment, Kelly actively called me, her tone quite excited and rapid. In addition to repeatedly told me to be punctual for appointments, she had also told me that tomorrow will carefully dressed, would make up, created a new image for me, and semi-forced me to visit her home and would cook dinner for me, seriously to say this time would be cooked by herself, not her mother, then she asked what I wanted to eat. Since that time I was busy, so I just casual perfunctory her that by her heart to arrange it! Neither examined her motives, also unaware that her mood appeared on a special and distinct change.

The weather on that day was warm and wet, but misty gray, fortunately still not rain. I arrived on time, waiting her at MTR station. Needless two minutes ear heard some very anxious tight rhythm but giggle similar sound of high heels, from far to near. At first I was only considered just a sales girl rushing for work, I subconsciously turned around, curious to see if the sales girl was pretty, but soon deeply shocked.

Kelly appeared in front of me, turned into another appearance with a sweet sweet smile .

A makeup girl standing in front of me, except her face covered with thick powder, in vain her eyelids also filled of thick and sticky eyelashes, and painted dark blue eye lid cream. And there was no lack of natural lipstick, made all people could not help thinking of such bright red flamboyant . On clothing, that purple low-cut, obvious to tell me that she also had a well-shaped body. I really did not want to look directly at her, but her looming and canyon-like landscape, the sight gradually focus on the top of the peaks!

But her very blue pants skirt completely exposed her too thin straight leg, fortunately she was not particularly tall, and her skin was also quite delicious. So from a certain angle,  she had a pair of slender legs.

She really was careful to dress up, unfortunately this dressing was a bit tacky. Joyce was a secretary, because of work, forced to wear such type of dressing. But Kelly was different, this type of dressing really not matched with her!

In addition to her unprecedented dressing, her unexpected behaviour also made me feel awkward. Previous pessimistic depressed not only gone, instead of mood was very excited high , endless talkative. Often consciously or unconsciously led herself near my arm, there were several more careless touching to her two peaks, or closer to say, was my arm squeezed over by her peaks.

From the MTR station just a few minutes to the park, she kept asking me my opinions in her dressing. I replied her very good for many times,but she repeated the same question a minute later . I really had no way to get her, only simply smiled at her and said nothing.

She paid the admission fee for me, then quickly ran to play. Since the park just opened, visitors still scarce, needed not line up to play.

Kelly’s emotion extremely high, even it seemed not unusual, totally did not give me any chance to play with her, only screaming or laughing. And she did not care that she was wearing short skirts, when she came frontal, I could clearly glimpse inside her pink underwear!

I was hit by her chariot, became dizziness steering, my eyes full of golden stars, did not know the time , and how long to play. But she still not enough, still lingering in the narrow cabin, no intention to stop with boredom.

More and more people waiting, and time was actually up. But she ignored the urge from that staff. Meanwhile, three boys with golden hair constantly looked at her . After more slight bow strabismus, estimated watching and enjoying Kelly’s leg or her inner skirt secret. And then they began to surround her, started to chat to her and amused her, made her laugh loudly.

I intuitively thought they were ill, but to see her response, seemed so happy. So I could not make up the decision, rescued her?Or just wait ? 

"Time’s up, leave now" I Shouted.

"Don’t you see I am making new friends!" She appeared to be quite capricious unreasonable.

Maybe the three guys felt that I disturbed them, started accused of me, dashing foul language! I also took the same action. Fortunately, the staffs seeing this situation, instantly calmed down. 

Watching their leaving with extremely indignant, I began to fear for our safety, so conscious of vigilant to prevent sudden attacked.

"Jealousy?" She suddenly solicited me.

"Crazy! I just saw them ill."

"How do you know they are ill?" Her tone a little frivolous.

"You're wearing a skirt, too short, you know they intently peeped your underwear?"

"Let them see ! I had nothing to lose!" Her answer was inconsistent to her character .

I touched her forehead, she immediately took my hand away.

"So, did you also peek my inner, sexy or not?" She smiled with flighty.

This question made my cheeks red , distressed. I really really had seen, under that situation, unless I deliberately looked away, or closed my eyes, otherwise it was not possible invisible. But if I now confessed, she might have thought I was no difference to the three guys. However, if I chose to lie, in my present form, would be her expose.

"Play another game!" I intended to run away to another stall.

"But I want to see elephant!" She mischievously pulled my sleeve, so I could not move!

I told her that the elephant had passed away, but she did not seem to believe what I say, constantly muttering to say the elephant was still alive and healthy, then hurriedly ran away. I looked at her back, more and more felt worrying. During a short period could actually become another person, compared to previous I visited her , unreasonable behavior appeared frequently.

I simply ignored her temporarily, just focus in other games. But soon found my mood was affected by her.

After a long time she had not been back, I was in a hurry to worry about. Only around looking for her, but could not find . 

That was indeed an unfortunate day. Back to the booth after, not only could not find Kelly, but also those molested Kelly the three young men met again .

Unfriendly eyes confrontation with each other.

During my heart thrown a little cold, legs began shaking. But because of my childhood experience told me that in this circumstance, might not withdraw any, otherwise they would think you were simply posturing, in reality was panic.

However, because of they had three people, they seemed no any intention to retreat.

Fortunately, I had an idea, my school classmate who knew taekwondo , had demonstrated  his footwork such as side kick, spin kick etc. Then I followed the bumbling, in front of them suddenly showing some kicks , they looked at each other with surprising , then really escaped.

I immediately gasped, fortunately they were easy to be cheated.

Ensured they were all gone ,I walked all over the park, finally found her playing merry-go-around. She herself having all the fun, totally did not discover I was watching her. And she sometimes saw the sky, sometimes silly smile. Occasional fine wind blowing, then set off her lively mini skirt, revealing those straight and completely thin white thighs. To be honest, if I did not know her mind-set was different from ordinary people, I would have a great opportunity to be attracted by her innocent,but she, at this moment for me, just a much-needed friend accompanying psychological sub-health girl.

She was indifferent from my anxious , suddenly made a grimace, caused me annoyed! Fortunately, I was not her boyfriend, otherwise life would be shortened!

Then she suddenly exclaimed to play electric boat . I told her it was only for children , she had indeed changed to a little girl after hearing my words, skipping like a baby, she said she was still a little girl. Her psychological changes that really made me mad!

Fortunately, she finally said enough to play, wanted to have lunch and requested to leave.

Unknowingly to the lunch time, then my stomach began to cry, was a right time to obey her wish , and proposed to the nearby shopping mall for lunch.

After leaving the park, passing through a path beside the swimming pool. Because it was lunch time, relatively few passers-by.

Kelly did the same thing as this morning, pasted her body into my arms, then I smell she painted perfume, apple taste, so fresh and clean. I did not consciously take a deep breath, after she saw my response, seemed very happy. And I praised her this perfume, she was elated to hear , stop grinning. It seemed that I found the way to stabilize her mood, I just acted as her lover, it should be able to keep her calming. However, I really had not had any experience in love, needed to find out appropriate ways to keep this joyful state of mind.

We kept talking and laughing, and occasionally hit each other, a bit like returning back to that day in Wu Kai Sha , even I, not conscious of myself indulging in this sweet atmosphere.

Just when we were still intoxicated with this slightly beyond common friends feeling, my head suddenly suffered a heavy attack, immediately fell down, then vaguely heard Kelly screaming .

After attacked, eventually fainted, someone seemed put several kicks on my stomach, and heard Kelly' s crying for help.

When waking up, found myself lying on the path. seeing those three guys surrounded by several uniformed officers, and Kelly laying down beside me, crying, almost lost her voice. I immediately hugged her lightly, she then hugged me back , repeated saying sorry, I swiped her short black hair, comforted her need not be afraid . She stopped crying slightly, but still held me tightly.

A policeman standing in front of me and asked me whether had to go to the hospital for wound checking. I hesitated for a moment, then picked up my portable small round mirror, checked myself bleeding or not. But in addition to the head felt little pains, did not have any visible injuries, no dizzy.

That tall policeman began impatient to my hesitation , repeatedly urged me to decide. I would had thought for one moment after going to hospital, then insisted on accountability in the end. But after seeing mood fluctuations of Kelly, afraid of her emotions out of control and collapsed, the situation became disastrous. Really wasted my effort. Moreover, I had no significate harm, as a result of forgiving them.

The policeman heard my finally decision , even showing a less than a second smile. Then ordered the three guys to say sorry to me. 

Although I was with pleasure, but still felt some grievances, fiercely glared at them..

Police told the guys to get out, then also followed to leave. I looked around, made sure there was safe, then turned around and look at the situation of Kelly.

Kelly had been crying for a long time,causing the eyes swollen, seemed non-stopped , I only hastened to comfort her. She cuddled with me again, this time I could clearly feel her pulse beating, and smell that apple flavor mixing natural body fragrance, full of fascinating and tempting flavor.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry ............" She repeated with remorse.

My heart suddenly had a warmth, walking penetration of my body, made my blood hot. Then also produced another strange anomaly impulse, drove me to actually use the act to appease her, protect her, and compensated my fault. This day would have been happy, but because of my rash , came up with some unpleasant things, both to her fear, and my pathetically attacked.

"I should apologize, not you!" I said

In the circumstances of love blend, I could not help but kiss her cheek .

Both of us shocked at the same time.

After a short moment, Kelly kissed me actively. We had lost awareness of the surrounding environment, no intention to aware of the three guys returned and took revenge, and no passers-by or had been, at first we tested each other , until the final and had understanding and consistent rhythm, accompanied by increasing urgency heavy breathing. 

After all, we were still in public place at daytime, and my heart was a little reluctant. However, I had thrown an improper physical desire, would love to have more in-depth exploration of Kelly’s privacy.

I took her hand wildly, wanted to take her to the nearby hillside , but she suddenly stopped . I look back at her, she just kept shaking her head, apparently some reluctance. But between the flash of light and she dragged me to the other direction, the rear end of the swimming pool, went to a silent deserted alley.

I initially thought that she was scared , but in fact ushered in a bolder exploration. Her hands kept moving on my body, forcing me to be outdone counterattack, making similar temptations. When my hand explored the plum on her two peaks, plum unexpectedly hard up. I wanton peeped the beauty plum , slightly pink, shy display, but also revealed a little bit similar to wine. The lava within the summit mantle beneath erupted from the inside to the outside, so that the two top peak level ups!

Kelly was like playing a roller coaster, expressing rhythmic asthma, with time I suddenly felt a little warm stream.

Then my fingers were wandering her secret area, after more naughty through the small gap beside that cloth . Some rare but completely soft and straight short grass covered the path, I gently poke and then probe , found more inside the grass, wet drizzle. Finally, excavation of a narrow and little warm but shallow cave spa.

I wanted to completely got into this becoming rich underwater spa , but ears suddenly heard some sounds .

Three dark in skin color, and even middle-aged men with strong built was approaching, forced us to terminate our action. They were both wearing T-shirt , but was irregularly dyed red and green colors, liked working for decoration. From far and near continuous talking about horse racing. Then I took her to hurry away.

When passing besides them, glimpsed they were looking at us rudely. But because I had just attacked by those bad guys, and in front of me were much stronger workers. I really didn’t wanted to be punched again.

Instead, Kelly seemed to have no fear, constantly glaring at them. I was afraid of another troublesome, asked her to speed up , but she still unwilling, could not turned and glared at them. The three workers in cases of no particular reaction, continued to discuss their topic, did not seem to bother her revenge vision.

"They seem indecent." She still had some grievances.

"Forget it! Relax!" Maybe she felt I was weak at that time, expressed her dissatisfaction.

After eating something, Kelly suddenly suggested to visit Wu Kai Sha again, then went to her home to taste her food.

We got the bus , then she began to tell me the details about previous incident: The taller guy punched my rear-brain suddenly, after the other two hit me with both fists and kicks wanted to hurt me seriously. Fortunately, those uniformed police were patrolling the area around the pool, hearing my help then came to the scene, controlled the situation immediately. 

She still discontented with those three workers, said one of them fixed on her legs, also  talked about her skirts and body, hearing they were saying very pretty legs,or something like that. But then I might be afraid of them! Hearing this repeated words, only nonsense other topics to distract her.

She quickly felt sleepy, putting her head on my shoulder, with the bus shaking her head swinging back and forth.

On that day, both our intimacy of each other’s body, or the depth of our relationship, and in general had been a couple of no doubt, but the result was to teach me in rather extreme doubts and confusion among!

To be honest, people are not vegetation. If you have similar situation to be attacked, then saw the girl accompanied with you becoming so hysterical fear of your own safety, you will have what kind of feelings? Kelly’s recently temperament ups and downs, indeed gave me a lot of unexpected shocks, as if a small meteorite from space suddenly fell crust, digging my heart a sweet side drilled hole, and that derived from the shock wave, heavily destroyed the shattered wall inner my heart. Not to mention about physical , no doubt, her recent physical condition was not ideal, but after that day dress carefully, though seemed a bit out of place, but successfully to enhance her personal charm. That girl's natural body fragrance perfume blended aromatic atmosphere, people unknowingly became fascinated at such type of aphrodisiac. Her surprise generous to let my unbridled exploration, distracted me out of control!

Since the beginning was so natural, should let this couple relationship continue. But why did I have such a confusion ?

Because of you, Joyce, the one I often dreamed, thought, and missed .

That Pat Sin Range forest fire incident on last Christmas , and after that stumbled knowing Sara’s state of mind, I had decided to put aside this love affair, which I could not handle, and re-focus on the more important studies. So these days, I got along with the four flowers, only confined in a nod or say hello, even had conversation, just on academic only . And both of our eight boys and girls gathering twice in City U for studying, but only helping each other, no any special matter to be mentioned.

Cindy was no longer peeped at me with those strange eyes. However, I sometimes would thrown some curiosity, often made an excuse to stare at her to see if she really was completely free and easy to put me down. But in addition to being a bit embarrassed by me, then down her head, did not seem any special in her behaviour. But after the forest fire incident, I found that her character showing she was hard to give up the goal she set , was she playing some psychological game with me, so as to test my heart? But I finally chose to drop this matter, so as not to regenerate problem!

Eric with Maggie, a pair of lovers, could be said to be an example, demonstrated the balance of time for both love lives and studying,their time management awesome! 

I wondered if unintentional, I gradually noticed the relationship between Joyce and me  more and more an invisible intimacy. Our topic, though still inseparable from the books, but each other secretly formed a special understanding, that understanding as an old married couple , just saying a little word, the other party would be able to immediately discern its meaning. And whenever this understanding happened, we would have joy to smile, both loved and enjoyed this tacit agreement.

And we also unconsciously found that we had similar taste to pop music, and resonated on the inclination. She was much like me, very fond of singing, during the time of high school was a member of the choir, she also a loyal fans of Jacky Cheung.

I also noticed she had something special, for example, often unconscious spread of lipstick when talking to me, then combed her hair, at least spent half a minute. And she already knew I often inertia to peek at her, she would returned with the most sweet smile. Sometimes even anti-peeped me, made me avoid her gaze.

Also special thing was, that was a long time not to see her traveling to Tuen Mun. I guessed she had some conflict with her special friend , and even had a falling out. I admitted that the idea was somewhat arbitrary, but certainly was what I desire, after all, human nature is selfish, you should not blame me.

This series of things that seek to rekindle the excitement of my desire, although did not rule out wishful thinking, but my heart had been filled with optimistic thinking!

Unfortunately, what was happening today, turned an originally simple thing to extremely complicated .

She seemed to sleep very soundly, and sometimes, as some fudge. My shoulder, after a long time bearing her head, suffered numbness, but saw her snoring, embarrassed to wake her up. Only silently peeped her body ups and downs with the breath, the chest looming in tulle!

Please don’t take offense, that time I still so young, energetic, and had no substantial experience in this matter. And in the moment before lunch for those unexpected passion, making my mental and physical had been caught in such a male dominated among biological instinct. No controlled land somewhere in my body rising up again, and a little scared because there were other passengers catching a glimpse of my ugly situation, I deliberately put my bag airtight to cover the swell place.

Watching the scenery out the window, I suddenly remembered that, obviously that Kelly was a devout Christian, and once told me her boyfriend just focus on sex. But why she was willing to let me do this kind of thing? so contrary to her original? Another unusual was, she did not like the last time I visited her home, prayed before eating. What happened to change her ideas? I really could not understand.

But one thing was certain, today, she was indeed a kind of inexplicable attraction, so I reluctantly temporarily deserted Joyce. Although these days seemed to be some breakthrough relationship with her , and seemed her relationship with the special friend turned bad, but I still wondered the reason was just minor conflict. Thinking of it, I seemed to find an reasonable excuse but with some self-righteous , and Joyce only be able to progress to a good friend now! But soon I had a trace of anxiety, that was, if she really parted with that special friend, how should I go back to school to face her?

The bus finally arrived, I gently woke her, she stretched out a little bold lazy waist, mouth still saw some traces of saliva, I immediately picked up a tissue for her to clean. After a short while she was bleary-eyed, suddenly became eloquent and talkative, seemed non-stoppable to talk everything, I could not interrupt her, only acted as a loyal audience to listen to her verbiage !

Since this day still a public holiday , plus the weather was warm, visitors obviously far more than the last time with her. Ahead in the distance, the area of Pat Sin Range was shrouded in layers of white mist, like a fairy peak to devour. There were a lot like us, a couple of pairs, some playing on the beach, some sitting quietly on the curb or on the wooden bridge to whisper, several guys fishing alone , waiting to pick up prey. Many bicycle chasing each other along the beach side , unsteadiness, some bicycles wearing a big speaker, broadcasting loudly hip-hop songs, bass made the ground a little shock. This little beach had be so flourishing!

We walked along the beach hand in hand, as the same to those love stories. Kelly using her crystal eyes, bright with concern, sympathy my wounds still painful. I touched my head, only to find that some places a slightly pain, but fortunately only a small place. She immediately said she needed to double-check by herself, very nervous look, and told me to her home for governance.

Then we began to sing, but also hummed the same song, then kissed each other  deeply .

"She is my only one?" During the course of singing, I could not help reflecting on this issue from the lyrics, we were developing too fast !

Carried away with a little melancholy visiting to her home, door to see the passed away fat dog’s photo, the dog looked lively and silly , I remembered the dog was very healthy at my first time visiting, why so soon to leave?

Now the flat only had us, Kelly immediately took something liked stasis cream, half-ordered me to sit down, and then a little nervous spreading for me . I told her to slow down some, relax a little, just a minor wound.

She squatted down to treat my cheeks , then I discovered myself a little bruise on my left cheek, a little regret why letting the fucking three guys go, at least got them to be fined!

Once again, I caught a glimpse of her little pink, and next to several strains of infiltration  grass, seemed very soft and delicate. After the passion earlier, I had no longer any taboo,  put her into my arms.

"You're bad! So hurry!" She gently pushed me, then went into the inner bedroom, started playing the piano .

"One pair of lonely hearts"Originally she was so fond of this song, just humming was not enough, even played it out.

But I had no mood to listen to her playing, I was only eager to do one thing that I had never done before!

My instinct made me rush into the bedroom, but she suddenly shuted the door, I was nearly crazy! Fortunately not more than one minute, the door opened again.

I thought she was dressing in the room, but the skirt was still the same. She picked up a CD, put into Hi -Fi to play. Great, it was my favorite goddess Priscilla Chan!

Her golden hits"Infatuation beyond" the sound of the waves prelude sounded slowly, Kelly suddenly brought a red folding chair, put it open on the distance of about three feet from the sofa , but she did not sit down, instead chose to sit beside me, I immediately hugged her waist, and she also pasted on me!

"Are you quite surprised that I act this day?" indeed surprising.

I spent a half-second to respond:

"No ! Just as usual."

"You thought the answer, not really your own words !" Having saying that, lightly slapped my cheek .

I was afraid she again had emotional fluctuations, and hurried to say I'm sorry, she responded with a smile,so lucky.

"I recently found myself wanted to try something ......" She paused.

I seemed to sense what she meaned, both physically and mentally sharp excited.

Music rhythm surging up, sounds of another hits "rebel" .

"Unfortunately, I was a Christian, The God prohibited us to do it, why not? " words with criticism.

I really could not respond to her, I could not expect her to say such criticism of her religion, although I was not religious, but did not want to say anything that might offend religion. Secondly, I did not have enough knowledge to perform analysis of this somewhat esoteric and a little taste of philosophy topics, afraid she later told me that I was so superficial!

She saw I did not respond, suddenly pushed off my hands ,which swimming on her body, then sat on the folding chair. Slightly higher than the sofa,so when she sat down, my sight was horizontal straight beheld her belly, so I slightly upward my head to see her face.

Of course, the focus of attention was between her legs, but she shuted her legs tightly, guarded her restricted area.

" Have you seen the movie Basic Instinct?" Kelly turned the topic quickly.

"Ah!"

"When the cop questioned Sharon Stone, she only lightly converted a sitting, the police were almost out of control. Why do they react such?"

I again made a loss for words!

"Do not say such a serious topic!" I suddenly ignited anger .

"Well! You have desires for it! In fact, I also have ! Recently I often imagine!"

Her words immediately put out my anger, psychological and physiological excitement afresh.

"If I take the same action as Sharon Stone , how will you react?" She said.

She really flared her leg slightly.

Eyes like a spaceship, was floating to the upper end of a shallow narrow canyon. Down overlooking the canyon also implicitly shut like a clamshell, but still clearly saw the ground deep crystal clear spring water gushing. Canyon top was lined with pink sand, or completion of a number of long straight or curly, slightly sparse small brown grass. These seemed just grew , under the drip dew against the background presenting a charming soft.

Physical and psychological both very excited, completely unable to control, about to be thoroughly explored in her secret and mysterious depth . But suddenly the body of a hemp, not involuntary contractions of certain muscles spasms, accompanied by an extreme feeling high, a lot of liquid ejected from my fresh dick!

Kelly looked at me curiously, also with naive and puzzled , I could do nothing but shake my head then hanging down.

"Are you all right? You just so excited!" She was incredibly innocent, sure that she was still a virgin.

She made that sacrifice for me, obviously put my positon in an important place. Her former much wanted sex with her, but finally failed ,I could easily to get it!

Unfortunately, I was too rubbish , failed to receive her most valuable gift. A girl willing to exhibit and contribute her most secret area to me, absolutely memorable, but my nervous system had become messy, completely unable to stop the body's natural response!

"You looked at my secret, really stimulate? But then why you stopped immediately?" She said with some naughty.

I only admitted my premature ejaculation! She sat next to me immediately , but also curious to see my pants wet, then laughing uncontrollably.

I extremely wanted to call a helicopter to carry me away instantly !

But there was no helicopter! Only her home phone ringing .....................

OMG! Her mother used her brand new mobile phone , told Kelly she had been in the lift lobby, we both felt guilty , Kelly could not help screaming, urged me to leave at once. I had no time to clean up my dirty stains, rushed to leave, running down by using stairs, ran to the bus terminus breathless!

Getting on the bus, thinking we were too nervous, especially for her , we not took off our clothing! Even if she discovered me , might find some excuse such as borrowing CD and the like, the impression aunt was a simple woman, she should believe what I say.

But I soon gasped, wiping sweat secretly for ourselves!

Because both of us did not even think of any security measures. If successfully made love with her, she would have the possibility of pregnancy, becoming extremely complex and far more than I could handle . Despite my premature ejaculation made me quite embarrassed, but easily resolved a potential dilemma, everything really had two sides, even an embarrassing matter.

This was just one day, but so many things happened, full of passion, but at the same time had unhappy incident, too exciting.

But one thing I still not clear, sudden falling in love with Kelly, almost done the most thorough in-depth things. But obviously she was not my desire, was this arranged by the God?

If I chose to continue, how about Joyce? Of course I could be like the innumerable men kind, shamelessly occupied both of them, but this was not what I wanted , because dealing with two girls was too distracting, but also often needed to make up many stories to deceive the two girls. I was not good in memory, I would forget my scenario and surprising flaws. I knew girls were a microscopic animal, they would remember what I said, and very easy to see through my lie and punitive expedition.

I wanted to avoid this kind of thing occurred, my theory was love just simple thing, making it complex would cause many tragedies.

But actually I thought too much! I had not officially fall in love with Joyce , at least we still kept an inch distance between us . No doubt she did a lot special in front of me deliberately lipstick, combing the hair and other body language. But we had not said anything concerning love, no hand in hand, we had not become lovers!

At the midnight I repeatedly ask myself: If today was Joyce, instead of Kelly, still had such doubt? I believed if today was with Joyce, I would have a warmer and happy feeling of gratification.

However, I could not sense these with Kelly.

Yes, it was a different feeling. I gradually differentiate the distinction of two girls feeling! Kelly today dressed quite sexy, might remind some of my hidden sexual desires unwittingly. Plus another dramatic event occurred ,which I was attacked, her inflammatory response made me warm. And her mood swings recent triggered  compassion and sympathy for her. A series of coincidences caused me could not rationally deal with such sudden love .

Yes, it was not true love, even if there was a moment slightly tempted, but still not enough to made me keep up with her.

But how I deal with Kelly in the future?

A lot of problems, too annoying ............

After the most memorable and exciting day of my life, suddenly found myself growing up, a new phase of life stepping.

But everything was too short, no difference from fireworks, when blooming was so fascinating, but after only emptiness left!

I did not disclose to my buddies. To own a little bit of two minds, this relationship had  question mark; secondly, and more importantly, I did not want the four flowers, especially Joyce aware of this. Eric was now together with Maggie, if I told him, someone would tell her then. Naturally she knew would then disclose to Joyce!

Looking back now, I was definitely handled correctly. I really saved further development opportunities with Joyce, of course, eventually something was really unexpected outbreak ,finally became fruitless love!

Since the day after Easter, I would naturally, like other couples, dating with Kelly. Remember the Thursday after Easter, I was going to ask her for Sunday riding bicycle and then went to cinema. But the strange thing was that she had neither replied to my call, dialed at her home but nobody answered, disappeared liked.

Two weeks after that I also repeated to find her, but the situation remained the same. I began to worry about her safety, decided to visit her home, but no one answered the door.

I did not understand why, then tried to find her at Wu Kai Sha, but also not been there.

I became quite anxious anxiety, mood and even school tests also greatly affected. Buddies found my anxiety, wanted to know the reason , I only found an excuse as had some conflicts with my colleagues, and got some trouble in my working place. But they seemed doubtful!

Two weeks later, during the short break of lesson, Rebecca told us one day she was with her boyfriend at Sha Tin Park , seeing Kelly sat alone as an iceberg. She went up to her and tried to say hello, but Kelly failed to recognize her, a little silly to herself, saying something incomprehensible. Rebecca described her as mentally ill as her eyes, also revealed a trace of fear!

She was out of the question. But why Easter day she was so ........... thought of it again a little physiological response!

I decided to take a chance tomorrow to Sha Tin Park .

Rain down violently with anger, coupled with full-shrouded darkness, thick fog caused me hard to find the direction, the whole bit loose to Sha Tin Park could barely construct a dim yellow light outline slightly. Rain rustling, plus the occasional blue flash and thunder bang, shake, such as exposure to a boat among the central Ocean Pacific, the tiny water droplets could have been overawed me, could not move a little, to be buried for fear of being dead in rough seas, becoming a dimsum, eaten by thousands of fish!

If saying someone still linger in the park was simply not going to happen. But the question was one that seemed questionable sanity girls, could actually come out of the normal and reasonable.

But finally it confirmed my scrutiny was absolutely wrong. In addition to myself, the entire park was just full of toad shrieking , and a few head defying storms, brown or black cats, they catched a glimpse of me as a mouse scurrying, dash instinctively, I'd turned out to be a big cat drenched!

It seemed without success, only to hide in New Town Plaza immediately , found a bathroom to clean up, but my shoe situation had sunk as broken boat, all of a sudden it was extremely difficult to completely dry, and that time near month end, did not want to spend to buy new shoes, only tolerated to wear!

Out of the toilet, the musical fountain being seamlessly followed the beat of the music and dancing, but since it was so late, only a few people stopped to admire this created by computer technology artificial cast ,but I chose to stay and see.

I stood at the position of facing the entrance, could see Sha Tin Town Hall. In addition a girl was standing opposite to me, but because I was too concentrated, I did not pay attention to the outline of the maiden.

After finished, gradually returned initially unexciting appearance. As I prepared to turn away , suddenly the maiden rushed out , just liked a supermarket panic bandits , this unusual move naturally caught my attention.

She had short hair but slim physique , some extent of familiar, but I actually had a full clumsy, nearly a minute to remember who was! !

But it was too late, when I ran out the entrance, could not find her anymore, the rest was just in front of the whole endless signs of heavy rain, and a callous and silly figure ...............

Full throughout the week to stay in wandering, just kept repeating to ask myself:

"Why she refuse to see me? I hurt her?" Sometimes creating astringent wet eyes, and I guessed I made a big mistake, resulting in rapid deterioration of our relationship. I admitted that together with her much because the temptation by her figure, but after all, really had formal dating, even went with her hand in hand along the fine beach at Wu Kai Sha , sniffing together over the Tolo Harbour , sang together a pair of lonely hearts ......... I believed I really had some real feeling, which was much beyond the scope of physical desires!

All people I had known, certainly aware of my lonely look, constantly questioning the reason, which of course also including Joyce.

This was a slightly sultry Friday night, I again caught the bus to go home, unpredictably came across Joyce. But she stressed that she was not going to Tuen Mun to find her best friend, just wanted to chat with me. I looked at her earnestly sincere eyes, already impossible to refuse, especially she said actually wanted me to accompany her home, I was more a rush!

Not surprisingly, she asked me why I not join the studying group, then I woke up to know their line of seven people, already three times to study together. I was a little annoyed, blamed Nelson why forgot to invite me, and then I remembered Eric once told me, after Easter, the studying group would be held each Saturday, but I might be absent-minded, completely ignored it.

I did not want to cheat her, but also did not want her to know the truth. So I was a bit of a dreamer, hesitated and simply shook my head.

" Thinking of your girlfriend?" Joyce, you knew how to read minds?

"I did not have a girlfriend!" I finally told lie.

"You did not have girlfriend, I don’t believe ! You ...... actually sincere and good! Is it you picky!" She once again performed her fairy style smile, made my cheeks as flaming!

At this moment I more unwilling to spit out the truth, I was reminded of my goddess Priscilla’s golden song "Bridal Tea." This song has some monologues in the middle, excerpts are as follows:

Hey what are you thinking of?
Thinking of your girlfriend?
You have no girlfriend?
I don’t believe it!
Absolutely no reason ! You ...... Quite good!
Nobody loves you? Impossible!
Or you have not notice someone is loving you!

It was clear that the heroine of the song wanna sweetheart confession ........................ Did she want? ? ?

"You have heard Bridal Tea ?" Joyce seemed further, so I was a little breathless.

"Yes Yes Yes, I like Priscilla’s song." I wanted to make her anxious resonate.

"Your goddess is Priscilla Chan, my idol is Jacky Cheung, if we go to KTV, must select their song of one pair of lonely hearts to sing" She was a sweet smile.

"He ........." I have no reason to giggle .

“Seeing you smile again, I am so pleasant, recently hearing about your anxiety from your buddies,they are worrying about your situation, and I also noticed that your mood is very low. Do not worry, I will not be aggressive to know your secret. But remember that the past is past, every problems can be solved ! Take it easy, do not think anymore. " this moment she liked a social worker, or a bit like a sister teaching her little brother , tone similar to discourse ! !

"You just said that monologue as Bridal Tea!" I was really curious to know her thinking, even blurted out and asked.

"Ha ha! Just suddenly remember this song, don’t you feel that monologue funny?"

"Funny??" I wondered.

"I arrive, no need to accompany with me!" Unknowingly to her apartment main entrance, one bldg of Lei Cheng Uk Estate.

"Goodbye!" only to say goodbye to her!

"Goodbye! Have a nice sleep tonight! "after her pure smile, then gently turned on stepping elevator lobby.

"Funny??Funny ??" on the way to home , my mind kept repeating the word .....................

Time ran too fast, final examination soon approached, two weeks after the examination would step another long summer vacation. Of course, this only referred to this evening class, for work, such a long holiday seemed impossible, unless winning a lottery, or passing away some day!

I already knew the whereabouts of Kelly, the same time I also decided to maintain our relationship in common friend only, I guessed this was the most fair for both .

The Sunday after my first time accompanied with Joyce to home, I dialed to Kelly's home, this time had someone answered, it was her mother.

She told me truthfully Kelly suffered from severe depression , needed to go into the hospital for further treatment, did not know when to be discharged. She later cried in the phone, so much regretful that she had no such knowledge, otherwise could let her earlier treatment. I hastened to comfort her, she told me about Kelly’s course to hospital. She was found losing control and screamed continuously, someone afraid she would hurt herself then called police, after the preliminary observation that the results needed to be hospitalized, I subconsciously concluded probably that night,when I met her occurred.

I proposed to visit Kelly, but aunt refused gently, also did not disclose which hospital. I guessed it was the Prince of Wales ! But since she was not willing to let me visit, then only temporarily gave up!

When I knew her whereabouts , my mind suddenly created some strange consciousness, was that our relations had developed unreasonable fast, actually we did not realize ourselves whether really love each other, probably just a beautiful coincidence!

I went to the library to read some books about depression, the symptoms mentioned among very close with Kelly. At her home nearby garden of that time,which meeting those two cats, it was at a stage of depression. And then played with her in Lai Chi Kok Amusement Park, opposite in a manic phase.

Her feeling good with herself, her endless speaking, as well as her abnormal sex open, totally contrary to her character ......... Yes, all were merely symptoms. In other words, the passion of the day was not built on true feelings , actually she could not take control of it ,was not her own willingness.

I believed that night her running away, because of failure to face me. She was very likely that she had regret to this loss of control , or even felt sensuality. Coupled with repeated troubled condition, forcing her completely escaped.

For me, too young to deal with such situation, and more was never having intimate with female . A teenage virgin willing to exhibit her secret area, let my glimpse of it,totally unable to control, eager to sex with her, giving myself an official mark becoming an adult! But after starting emotionally confused, misunderstood myself was really in love with her.

In order to prevent such mistake continue, this evening, I decided to end this beautiful farce  .

Although making such significate decision, but still unable to turn the tide, the final examination tragic case of Waterloo! ! And less than a year had to deal with A-level, I had to brush up during the summer vacation, to regain lost ground. Quite fortunately, my buddies also wanted to study harder, intended to intensify revision during the summer, their enthusiasm turned into an invisible encouragement.

Then Mr Li, which teaching Economics, opened a tutorial workshop in Wanchai, because we admired at his teaching methods, and he would like to receive a very cheap monthly fee. We decided to join his tuition.

Besides Mr Li, workshop had another partner called Simon. Tall and thin young guy, but then set up rim glasses, looked very gentle, he introduced himself just came back from studies in the US, majoring in Economics . He told us would have intense revision course in Macro, Li would continue the focus on Micro. And after our initial observations,  Simon also had very profound knowledge, very clear answers to our questions,even our questions were so tricky. We immediately felt a very strong backup behind us.

In addition to our four buddies, Cindy and Joyce also came to join. As for the remaining two members of the four flowers, they chose another fame tutorial workshop . We were curious Eric not following his girlfriend, he said both could exchange what they had learned, could save tuition fee. He was truly suitable for accounting field !

With Joyce, still keeping previous relationship, I had wasted a lot of time on love matters, much needed time to keep up; secondly, I again lost confidence with female, and in particular, I found myself thinking too much, but most of it just wishful thinking, for example, that I sent Joyce home, even I thought she would like to borrow "Bridal Tea" monologue to test my altitude, but the truth was only wanted to comfort me ! It seemed that my imagination was too rich, and even seemed a bit arrogant, overestimated my own appeal!

I kept phoning Kelly’s home every week , to inquire her latest situation from aunt. She said Kelly was undergoing a serious of treatment, after a period of time , her psychotherapy situation was much better, but the doctor said still needed to stay in hospital for a longer, until the condition was satisfactory . And after talking with several times, aunt was less wary to me, a little more confidence, but also took the initiative revealed that she really was admitted to Prince of Wales Hospital, as well as ward beds number. She was more liked as my first time to visit , she told me that her daughter was very pure and honest ,and asked when would I see her, but I often made some excuses, saying that I was very busy, obviously some unhappiness heard!

In fact, after making that decision, in order to avoid any further complications. I intended to reduce my calls , at most, only to leave Kelly paging sympathy, or sometimes invited her to have dinner , I did not want some unexpected things happening again!

I did not clearly know whether worthy, but believed that could avoid some unnecessary mistakes!

I had been calm, the first half of summer vacation absolutely engrossed in books. But after stepping in August, relationship between Joyce and me had dramatic change ..................

Mr Li was indeed a very good teacher, full of humane, in addition to tutoring with 100% effort, but also specially equipped with spare key to us , let us borrow his workshop for studying , in case no any tutorial lesson held. 

Besides our serious studying, also had a lighter side, that was, we often played cards together, and our favorite was Show Hand. Of course, our aim was as entertainment to relieve pressure. So the stakes just a dollar or two dollars, and maximum betting also had strict restrictions, so as to maintain the status of pure entertainment.

A late summer night in August, we studied and played cards as usual , Joyce suddenly required me to teach her playing cards, after Nelson joked that he would win all the money of Joyce, made her grin.

I simply let her sit on my chair, then slowly told her the rule. Fortunately, she often with family members playing Black Jack, so she could easily recognize the four types of card. Strange to say, originally I still lost, but after she began playing, my destiny changed much, turned to be a big winner and made my buddies complain. Joyce kept grasping my hand with excitement, but intentionally or unintentionally, lightly pounded her head into my body, but my emotion also highly excitement, so did not care about her actions.

They both looked gray, except for me and her were in contrast. I was so back luck before, always a big loser for gambling,but Joyce appeared to be my lucky star, was concerning theory of allelopathy ?

They seemed discontent, and cried to appeal. Then originally staying at the sidelines of Cindy, suddenly asked to join , but also specify acted as my partner .

Joyce said to go to bathroom, then took a rest, I could only let Cindy sit aside. Unfortunately, after a few games, I had lost my previously won! Cindy instantly turned black face, needed me to comfort her .

They immediately gloated, Cindy hid in the bathroom, looked angry! I quickly schematic them to stop!

"Joyce, you are his sole lucky star!" Nelson began ranting.

"If you get married with her, we probably lose a net worth?" Eric added.

"Try it as experiment,!" Johnny rarely naughty.

My face began red, frequently ordered them to shut up, but unable to stop !

Then I looked around Joyce, she was already hanging her head down, also nervously and constantly stroked the hair, seemed a little delicate but charming, very sweet and beautiful.

I was once again thrown up some strange emotion, wanted to gently kiss her .....................

An invisible psychological barrier ruthlessly stopped my desire , I could only silly stared at her.

This sweet scene rekindled my love for her , especially seeing her shy, my mind once again filled with her smiles, my heart praying for our first date alone, and this imagination finally drove me to put into real action, I could not wait anymore!

"If I want ...... with you singing karaoke OK" This sentence was actually after much hesitation struggle, and drinking more than three cans of beer, aid to eliminate my stammer, processes abnormally difficulty. This time I found that, when I facing a girl really love, a spasm-like tongue would automatically knotted.

However, along with Kelly no such shyness appeared!

"All right! When?" Unbelievable.

"Coming Saturday afternoon, okay?" My hand had revealed a little sweat!

"OK! See you!" She seemed very excited!

I truly tasted a real love! Compared with Kelly, this feeling absolutely irrelevant!

In fact my preparation ,much serious that previously with Kelly. I deliberately perm , bought a pair of new shoes, and later to the old Hollywood mall to buy a new shirt, especially had the selection of light purple color. No doubt this color was indeed a little awkward, but just hoped to impress her, and secondly, vaguely remembered her favorite color was purple , I threw her right!

Then I kept thinking, what else needed to pay more attention , after KTV, where should we had our first time dinner. I remembered an old style restaurants nearby Temple Street, let’s go there! Then after dinner? visiting Temple Street, then bought some small gifts for her. And there crowded, I took the opportunity to be able to go along with her closer,  would also be holding her hand at the right time, successful! Having experience with Kelly , I thought the chances of success so great !

While back to her home, I would give up the MTR, instead was to catch a bus. At least had a seat, and secondly, could have more time to talk softly, enhanced feelings.

I grew more and more and carried away, accidentally fell down the slippery floor, my head almost broken!

I was well as ready, but still thinking anything else missing, to ensure that no any mistake.

On Saturday gearing up . Hatefully, after seeing Joyce , today's deployment was completely useless .

Except Cindy, attending person exactly the same to last Christmas Pat Sin Range hiking !

I had no such sense of highlighting Joyce, about my willingness of two person only! And she did not take the initiative to mention Leung and Vanessa would join together! But now that was a foregone conclusion, I could not be too childish , only pretending welcome .

"You have not booked yet? I paged you yesterday that we have three people, but you did not have any response to it!"

Then I hurried out of the pager, too bad, no battery! I had absolutely no notice, I did not have any good habit of checking any call from center.

"Sorry, my pager found no battery. I have no booking." Exposing my weakness made me abnormal embarrassment, coupled with that annoying hot weather, large drops of perspiration on both sides of my body slowly falling!

"It must be crowded Saturday afternoon, but we have already arrive , let’s go for waiting!" Vanessa smiled at me, seemed to smooth things over, I replied her a grateful sight .

"Have you eaten yet?" Joyce asked with sweet tone and made me relieved.

"Not yet"

Three of them had already have lunch, Leung suggested to go to KTV first,with Vanessa , while Joyce eating lunch together with me.

Leung you really smart! !

So we parted ways. Because she had eaten, I only went to fast food shop, so she could have a drink. Because of weekend, it was naturally full.

Joyce generous to say finding a seat for me, and just had a seat after I bought my lunch.

"You used to have lunch at 2pm?"

"No, but I want you to ... have it! I think you have not eaten."

Joyce could not help laughing, still innocent sweet smile.

"There is no one to praise you smile? Your smile is very cute, like Priscilla!" After previous and Kelly's appointment, I have learned to coax a little sweet girl.

Her smile sweeter more brilliant, charming bloom fascinated me deeply!

"It seems that you love Priscilla Chan very much, who is a popular goddess to most boys !" so humorous!

"In fact, just like to hear her singing, nothing special fantasy ! She is a great singer, I am a pauper , how could match her?"

She was amused elated! It seemed I played well today.

"I will not got to Tuen Mun, everything is past!" After listening to this sentence, my heart instantly hung abundance bright colorful rainbow!

"Ah!"

"You do not want to know who he is?"

"Previously I wanted to ask you, but you are always reluctant to mention . So no longer force you!"

"Thank you! You give me just a more time!"

What was she saying? ? I totally unknown her meaning , completely puzzled .

Joyce's pager sounded, Leung left the Kara OK room number.

But I still had half of leftover rice dish, only hastily consuming it. Gentle, she repeatedly told not to be hurry, occasionally smile and raised her head, looked at my hungrily.

So firmly focus by my goddess , some invisible pressure appeared, little bit of unnatural. Mixing with chaotic, accidentally spilled my coffee.

Joyce took out tissues, this time she actively, carefully cleaned up for me , gently leaned over her body, she put some faint smell of jasmine like perfume, a touch of very pleasant taste!

But then I noticed that she had cut her hair, from long to short hair, not longer than the neck, matched with her light blue checkered shirt and white side light gray trousers, seemed a bit masculine. I personally felt this dressing and her temperament was not matched. She should keep the long hair, better not to be curve , best to keep a straight hair. She was so gentle and charming, in front of clothing absolutely incompatible with her.

"You are so bold, need me to serve you! Today is so hot, but you wearing a long sleeve shirt, do not feel hot ?" She looked a little childish!

"That's fine, you also wear a shirt, we're lining !" I responded a little frivolous.

"So you have not noticed any difference of me?"

"Your short hair!" My heart glad to discover.

"Beautiful or not?"

"Very special, very character!" I posing very seriously.

She then laughing.

An indescribable feeling of happiness suddenly ran out from the bottom of my heart, more quickly through the blood all over the body. I felt like we had got marriage, there were shares of inexplicable urge to marry her for real! !

"Do not daze! Let’s go, not hurt them waiting!" She gently urged me.

My mind had already been captured by her! I never had that feeling when dealing with Kelly.

People mountain people sea, crowded abnormally Sai Yeung Choi Street, was supposed to be a good time to hold her hand . But my mind suddenly remembered that she reminded me to wait for a more time, considering of that, my arm muscles actually  being under a spell-like, completely stiff. Therefore in several occasions she had been accidentally bumping into passers-by, I did not make use of this golden time to avoid her being hit by holding her hands, afterwards more completely did not know how to comfort her.

I wondered why I failed to do so, with Kelly that was easy job,but now was a big problem!

I only could do was keeping a distance of about half a foot , until arrival of Kara OK .

While we reached, coincidentally saw Leung & Vanessa singing "one pair of lonely heart."

Already it had been sealed inside my mind of those good bit of interaction with Kelly, sneakily channeling out, all of a sudden I could not stop. Indeed, we were really a couple,despite a very short period, but some memorable moment such as romantic and intimate singing this song, could not easily to forget, fortunately only a fleeting memory of, did not cause myself out of control!

Looking around the environment of that KTV box, actually too small , four people squeezed less than fifty feet of a small space, very difficult to move. The dark row of seats was in L shape, Leung and Vanessa had sat on the positive position of the TV screen, and I was gracious to let Joyce sit inside.

But we were lazy to ask for changing room, rushed to select as many as favourite songs, but they really too concentrated, completely ignored my request, I simply used the remote, inserted some songs in front of their selections.

Familiar prelude sounded again, and I could not wait to take the two mic from the coffee table, nor to be Joyce's consent, half forcibly handed into her hands. She was a little stunned at first, but quickly responded to the peace, showed me a sweet smile.

Her smile once again made me confused elated, but then listening to her voice , Wow!

Her voice was so sweet and clear, performed good at technique. Although could not compared with my goddess Priscilla, but slightly muffled voice had revealed another charm and emotion.

I naturally showed off myself. Initially due to not yet warming up, voice seemed a bit weak, but fortunately soon got better.

After finishing, Leung and Vanessa spontaneously cheered, Joyce and I smiled with compliment at each other.

Both of us loved singing so much, and soon entered ecstasy, I had chosen a lot of love songs, which naturally had my other favorite Danny Chan’s songs. Joyce seemed very intoxicated, when I interpreted his hit song "With You", exclaimed to encore.

But I much eager to have chorus with her, then selected a few more chorus songs to sing, our harmonious making the other two warmly applause again!

When we sang “Tonight I celebrate my love for you" this classic English song, we naturally attracted by,then stared at each other, but also revealed a little bit of warm stream, had never previously revealed , so I rapture, almost failed to follow the beat!

"Tonight, when we both discover, how friends turn into lover. When I make love to you" when we got to here, I thrown up a number of illusions.

"When I make love to you?" Good !!!

I did not know was an illusion or real, I began to feel that she intentionally or unintentionally, leaned her whole body to me secretly .

Everything seemed to be too smooth, completely carried away!

Her intimate making me full of ambition, not waiting her permission, picked up my left hand, gently with little sneaky bypassing her , and then light falling on her left shoulder, thinking she would gladly accepted.

After my first love with Kelly, courage suddenly grew to believe myself could have ability to make every girl in love with me.But everything was always my over indulge!

She obviously intimidated by my actions, made her body apart from me, together with a bit frightened eyes stared at me, accidentally spilled her lemon tea.

I wanted to hand her a tissue to clean up, but she had pulled Vanessa's hand tightly, shaking a few times. Vanessa seemed to understand her meaning, there was a tacit to stand up and told us to accompany her to the bathroom .

My brain falling into blank, did not understand why the situation would nosedive. She leaned over was not to imply her desire? Also I had not touch her secret area, what was I doing wrong?

Leung continued to sing, the whole predicament did not notice.

Then they came back, but they deliberately exchanged seat, now Vanessa sitting besides me, so tempting to cast a curious eye of Leung.

Then my mood had dropped from thirty thousand feet to core, the surrounding was glowing lava ! I had no mood for the rest of the songs I had chosen.

I said, wearily told Vanessa she could delete my selected songs. She looked at me with concern, then picked up the microphone to continue singing.

I was looking at the pile of dark gray wood wall, what they singing, I had turned a deaf ear to hear. In the course I felt Vanessa vaguely closed to me, similar to Joyce before. I turned to look at her dully, dawned to clear that Joyce only because the seat was too crowded, during the singing, carelessly and unintentionally closed to me. But I thought too much , too impatient!

It seemed I completely deteriorated my image, falling into utter hopelessness. She might have thought I was a wolf, everything was finished! !

I turned upset, when a familiar prelude with monologue poured into my eardrum.

This song was from Eliza Ho, with some touching monologue of song"No comment." Joyce selected.

After all, the interpretation by my sweetheart, even how depressed mood, but how could I miss?

Her very carefully but soulful interpretation, I was very intoxicated at first, but then there were some touching lyrics, severely touched to the depths of my soul:

"I do not say I don’t love you, never saying no feeling, but I only know at the moment , love with you is not the right time ........."

"Not the right time?" After listening, my eyes got wet , and immediately rushed to the bathroom  ............

Hidden in the rush-room weeping, heart was completely broken.

Much more uncomfortable than seeing Sara’s last paragraph, such as the heart after being electric shocked, but I did not know why this was so heartbreaking!

Perhaps I had insisted that Joyce intended to imply something to me by the song, tactfully to refuse my love. My life had never had such a feeling of pain!

She was my first important, during my high school period, also had experience to date some classmate, confession had also been rejected, but not so uncomfortable. I seemed to suffer from a terminal illness ,only wandering . Even last time with Kelly , I just felt a little touch of nostalgia and regret.

I now just wanted to do one thing, getting out of here as soon as possible. I returned to the room, then put down a one hundred dollar note, told them to leave immediately because of some urgent matters, after the turning away process, I had never, but also cowards to looked back.

I walked aimlessly from Mong Kok to Tsim Sha Tsui Promenade, then returned to the Kowloon Park, sat on the bench for nearly two hours!

However, life must go on, transient sadness finally over. Fortunately, there were academic supporting, in addition to quadrennial European Cup finals. After almost a month, not only busy in textbooks, but also at Nelson’s home, four men overnight, alcohol and cigarette with peanut watching live, direct testimony of Denmark won the championship, which totally outside all people’s prediction.

We also made an important decision: Coming F7 lives would change to another school in Lei King Wan of Sai Wan Ho, which was also a private evening school .

Eric had some friends studying at that school , very highly recommended. In addition, Mr Li decided to invest wholeheartedly in his tutorial business, would no longer teaching in evening school . So we had this decision, but for those tuition class, we would continue.

Of course, this decision implied that , the chance to see Joyce, would be substantially reduced, except tuition class, basically hard to see again.

I did not take the initiative with my best buddies to mention that KTV event, since they only focus on soccer matches, no time to notice these trivial little things!

But by the act of God, naughty Nelson, unintentionally created an surprising chance to let us meet again .

Nelson had a new proposal, before the end of the summer, visiting the water park next to the Ocean Park , welcomed to invite the four flowers to join together.

Naturally pleased to hear that, after all, peeping the four flowers swimming, we were full of curiosity and some fantasy.

"Eric, Maggie is your girlfriend, we will be out, no worry, hee hee ..." Nelson frivolous made us laughing.

"Cindy too!" after Eric’s finished, even together with the other two, stared at me consciously, they still misunderstood me having an affair with Cindy.

I laughed, simply ignored.

"Rebecca is also having boyfriend. In other words , only Joyce available ............ she is also good and sincere! having a boyfriend yet?" Eric seemed more liked Nelson.

"Johnny,try thinking of her! She will be a good wife and mother ! Suitable for you" Nelson recommended Joyce to him!Not concerning my feeling.

My whole body was not natural, secretly squinted Johnny's reaction.

"I do not feel anything of her, Nelson, your show time!"

"Undoubtedly Joyce is really kind, but she is not my favorite type .Joyce should be the kind for ready-marriage guy, but I'm still young, needless to deceive her ! "Nelson finally a bit of conscience!

I was secretly relieved, fortunately Joyce not their cup of tea!

We fixed the appointment on the last Sunday in August, while Eric liaison the four flowers . At first I guessed they might not come, but the final result was unexpected.

Admiralty that to Ocean Park, at the bus stop, I again met my goddess .

Still full with generous and gentle smile, but that little tenderness seen on the KTV day disappeared!

I was a little unnatural, could only reply with stiff smile. She seemed deliberately to avoid some embarrassment , quickly turned back to the four flowers group!

That day she wore a light blue Polo T-shirt, the next wearing a short and cool gray pants, hair longer than before, but tied ponytail revealing rare temperament, her dressing today much better than I ever seen.

Unfortunately, our distance went far, because of my acute ! I thought the only thing I could do was as soon as possible to improve our relationship, at least return to those days in F6.

Nelson arrived the latest, everyone had been in place, ready to go.

Because it was Sunday morning , traffic was very smooth, needless to fifteen minutes to reach the destination.

Then Water Park just opened, not too many people there, we soon entered, rushing into the changing room , put on swimming trunks , everyone seemed impatient . Of course, the final result was a little disappointing, they were all wearing conservative one-piece swimsuits, plus a white T-shirt, covering their good posture.

Nelson proposed to play "colorful ladder", but Joyce and Rebecca seemed a little afraid that almost ninety-degree dive slide. While they hesitating, Cindy actually pushed both two girls to play. Seeing this scene ,I could not controlling repay of Pat Sin Range incident, the vote on whether to continue the adventure , also had a similar situation!

In the half-hearted they were finally taken the first step, but when Joyce in dive down, non-stopped screaming until rushing to the pool, it seemed like she was really scared! But I just silently watched her horror, because I was more afraid my any action would let her think my making some irregular behaviour again.

The other of us had fun finishing, then I suggested to visit "Happy River" , but there was not enough to stimulate Nelson , he commanded us to go ahead. He wanted to play more the colorful ladder, coincidentally, Cindy had also had such thoughts, so they lined up again to re-play, and I vaguely heard them speak with laughing, very congenial.

Nelson actually right, this happy river only had creek winding artificial construction, when we sat on the blisters only let it naturally floating ,too slow, irritating indeed absent. But I proposed to play this river, because I knew Joyce afraid of playing some of the more exciting games, and secondly, due to the slow-moving river, I could have enough time to make topics to talk, or kidding, unlike other games could only let one person to play, could not chat to each other.

My heart strongly desired to seek any possibility in this river, could try my best to repair our relationship  .

We one by one got into our own bubble, along with the river slowly drifting, very comfortable.

Eric’s pair became the vanguard, Joyce and Rebecca closely followed, I and Johnny at rear. Since Eric fell in love with Maggie, became cheerful and talkative, so along the river kept endless speech, from astronomy to geography, everything in the earth, each of us had become his audience.

Originally his leading role in this matter was harmless, but the question was if let him continue to publish his speech, I could not have any chance to chat with Joyce,so as to repair the relationship. If I missed this opportunity, I would not have another chance. It seemed I have to do something actively.

I was quietly waiting for the opportunity, but in front of the girls were still very attentively listening to his speech , and because separated by a body distance, I could not hear clearly what he was saying, could not be approached. Therefore ten minutes later, I still did nothing!

Meanwhile, Nelson and Cindy finally tired of the ladder, joined our trip.

While Eric was very happy excited, but only reflected in conversation. However, after Nelson joined, a lot of mischief came together unexpectedly, along with Cindy rising up with madness , he kept his hand around us,then picked up some water, splashing over us, so we had to carry away, or using our hands to block the spray. Then Nelson leaped into water, intent of making our boat capsized.

Eric renowned for their actions, began highly excitement, then joined their mad mission. He first pushed his girlfriend quietly into the water, made her constantly scream, after the other two girls could not also spared.

In this occasion I also jumped into the water, and stretched Joyce’s hands , stopping her falling, but also gently righting her .

She turned to me to say thank you, giving me a great encouragement.

"Let me deal with them!" I pretended hero .

Eric came another attack, I put his head down into the water, made him choke nose, almost yelling for help!

Then Nelson waded over and coming, wanted to emulate my action, pushed my head into water, but my quick response timely to escape!

But the other side, Joyce screamed again, turned out to be Cindy was trying to get Joyce into the water.

Cindy was a girl, I could not as unscrupulous as dealing with Eric, doing such physical contact. But Joyce seemed nearly to fall into water.

I was hesitant on the occasion, even an inattentive being attacked by Nelson , pressed my head into water.

I was struggling, finally managed to get rid of his stalker. And just when I put my head out of the water , someone crashing on me .

No romantic eyes contact, I only knew how my cervical nerves and bones involuntarily falling, and at the same moment felt her turn away!

Both of us were being afraid of another close contact .

We played as children to tease each other, randomly making spray or putting someone’s head down into the water, Rebecca could not avoid involvement in the battle , everyone's laughter and cries resounded through the whole Happy River!

And later we went to the large swimming pool,which frequently rolled up artificial waves. Nelson and Cindy also fascinating, back to the colorful ladder,again playing for many times, they really hit it off!

In addition I often peeked at Joyce’s figure , basically could still maintain a polite distance.

It seemed good time running quickly, soon went to dusk, ready to leave . We went to the Gooseneck Bridge Market, ate a very rich dishes for dinner, together with drunk, we had become relax.

"Johnny, I heard that you have girlfriend, quickly tell us." Nelson said with cheeks red, not consciously loud voice!

"No such a thing, you're drunk!" Johnny seemed shy.

"That day I saw you walking with a very affectionate girl ! In Tsim Sha Tsui." Nelson vowed to pursue the truth .

"You got the wrong person!" Johnny answered a little unnatural, but also with the eyes of a little evasive.

"Haha, sorry I did not bring a camera, otherwise you'll never deny!" Nelson seemed not to release him.

This moment Johnny was filled with smiles, but his eyes did not focus, was telling me that he indeed had something hidden.

"Perhaps he felt it was still not the right time to announce!" I wondered.

"Hey! Both of our three famous grasses had fallen in love, how about you?" Nelson's eyes suddenly looked at me, but I consciously or unconsciously pretended not to hear.

"I said you! Ah Yip! Do not play the fool!" Nelson sometimes really too much.

"No! I am not so talkative as you , and no money too! No girl loves me." I only nonsense,  and secretly peeped at Joyce , but she was only exhibiting her sweet smile.

"Ha! It does not matter ! Rebecca and Maggie are unofficially crowned .Cindy , you need not consider, and I find her very congenial, decide to pursue her ."Nelson spoke so loudly.

Eric sensed his little out of control, wanted to stop him,but Nelson insisted to speak little more, and covered Eric’s mouth.

“Yip. Now only Joyce is available, she is a very kind girl, with good-temper character, try to date her. Pretty Joyce, my friend is a honest guy, not like watching AV, not like gambling, not smoke, consider him as your sweet-heart,otherwise will be your lost!”Nelson really drunk.

But his madness, as a result causing all of us silent, I wanna dig a hole to hide.........

Awkward atmosphere covering not only me,but also Joyce and Cindy , Cindy cried to leave. Thanks Eric’s quickly clever, raised another topic, and after finished that shit nonsense, Nelson began numerous liquor, lodging his head on the table, then did not say a word.

We hurried to leave the pub, Johnny called a taxi, lifting the almost unconscious as corpse bastard to go home.

And I paid to Eric, took a pretext to go to the ATM to withdraw money, hurriedly leave, then went to Wan Chai waterfront pier alone, drank a more bottle of Carlsberg.

Consciousness gradually blurred, but suddenly excited wander again. Previously dinner scene surfaced again, especially Nelson's drunk a lot, then, I had repeatedly chewed.

I could not understand why I had such excess apprehension, obviously really loved Joyce,but I did not have that kind of courage as Nelson. He borrowed much tipsy to confidently declare, ignored around people's views. But I was just a head faint-hearted, totally did not have any courage to seize this opportunity to express my real feeling. Before Kelly obviously was handy to date, but for Joyce, a thick wall built in front of me, why?

Facing a true love , how useless and incompetent I was!

Unwittingly fell asleep for a while. Pager woke me up ,it was found to be the message:

"I just arrive home, how about you ?"

I rubbed my eyes, shocked to find that it was Joyce's words .......... 

But this time the mood soon calmed over, I thought it was just her courtesy condolences.

However, she took the initiative to tell me she had went home, this thing really could not think thoroughly. The biggest difference between Joyce and Kelly was that, Kelly always was magnanimous ,would directly express her own feelings, no pretentious disguise. But Joyce was contrary, often made you unable to figure out, it was difficult to discern her mind. In addition to showing some of the unhappiness when I asked her relationship between the best friend, or when caught fire, revealed panic, and the performance of little bit of jealousy, when I carried Cindy down the mountain , she often smiling to each person. However, her wearing angel-smile, really reflected her inner world ?

Have seen there is one type of fish, a transparent body, let you read the inside of organs and blood vessels, Kelly's character obviously approached this fish. But Joyce was like  I had seen a type of insects when hiking , appearance and color exactly the same to a green leaf , if not carefully observed, it was difficult to detect its presence, and which itself was an insect, not a plant.

It seemed that I needed to use a microscope to look through her heart, but this equipment had not been properly installed, unable to use!

I found a public telephone booth, and brought her to say thank you. By the way, applied one day-off from my company. Although I was already in Hong Kong Island, but my sweaty and dirty was not an appropriate look to work, in order to avoid gossip from my colleagues, took a rest today!

At home, immediately took a warm bath, after sleeping deeply, the full of twelve hours dreamless to get up. After waking up to see pager, even saw Joyce again said:

"Call me after 9 pm, my phone number 2729xxxx"

In fact, I had her home number already, but she patiently to leave again, any special meaning ? Was she afraid of my forgetting? But this was a very important number to me, as I had already properly archived to the phone book .

I gingerly to have my dinner, kept wondering about the content she would say, and what I should respond to her, as a result blamed by my mother for too long eating time!

I deliberately stayed until my mother taking bath,then began to call her. But when I picked up the handset, feeling very heavy to dial, my heart much increasing bitting, accompanied by a little headaches and rapid breathing. The time for dialing this eight-digit number ,as more than one hundred and eight thousand words!

Phone finally connected, during the course of waiting for her answer , my heart quickly jumped out, I carelessly choked, driven to distraction. But Joyce had chosen this time to pick up the handset to answer ............

"Hello!" Her voice seemed a bit tired.

".................." I was coughing crazily at the moment, no different from tuberculosis.

"Are you okay?" She immediately became caring tone.

"Well okay ............ ............ ......... quickly cough," cough slightly calmed.

"Did you have dinner? In fact I want you to accompany me to study, there are a lot of things I would like to ask you, I do not understand." Joyce said with sincere voice.

"Let me think!"

"You do not have time? Maybe call you later!" Was so peaceful and moving.

"No! No! Only just breathing. No problem, the most important thing is when you want to?" I was with a little bit anxious .

"Next Saturday afternoon, OK?"

"Yes Yes! At tutorial, or City Polytechnic?"

"In fact, tutorial workshop too far away.In So Uk Estate had study rooms , just behind the football field, where the environment quite quiet, not too many people on Saturday . Besides, you need not go to Wan Chai, so far, bus fare is very expensive, too waste of money. "Her biggest merit was realizing other people’s mind and problems,also knew to stand on their view point.

"Confirmed! I also have to study." I readily agreed.

"Nevertheless,I want to thank you again,you will have a sumptuous dinner as reward."

"No! I just want to see you........?" I felt tongue frozen, and quickly stopped talking.

She squeaked out a laugh, I immediately told her just joking.

"You had dinner?" I asked her.

"Just have a rich diner, I cook by myself. Steamed a large yellow croaker, and fermented bean curd fried vegetables ."

"You know cooking, awesome , let me taste it on Saturday night ." I really admired at her.

She gently laughed again.

"I actually like having dinner at home, feeling very warm and unrestrained, can chase TV drama, different from eating outside, as seen piles of people waiting, would be embarrassed to stay long, overjoyed I don’t like eating MSG, fearing of overcrowding, so I’d rather eating at home. "She definitely was a model of graciousness.

"I absolutely agree!" she really told me that the very same values, I sincerely told the truth.

So we began to talk about anything, but in my heart that group would have been almost extinguished of the fire of love, unwittingly rekindled up!

"Oh! it was midnight , I have to take a bath to bed!" We nearly two-hour in telephone conversation.

"Oh! We are too concentrated!"

"You will call me tomorrow night?" She turned a little shy voice.

"......... I will be!" I concealed my excitement.

"Then talk again tomorrow night! Good night!"

"Wait, let me say I'm so sorry !"

"What happened?"

"That night Nelson was too outspoken ! I apologize on his behalf!" I said solemnly.

She laughed squeak, then said softly, after saying one more time good night,then hang up the phone.

I almost wanted to yell on the street I have hope !!!

After a short moment of joy, the mood quickly healed over.

Why? I did not know at that time. The only explanation was that after ......... through so many things happened, experience told me would not be so smooth. Especially her exhort before singing karaoke , and with her dedicating song of "no comment"to me.

It would better to take it easy, maybe she would invite Vanessa and Leung together.

As she said to be later, better following her instruction! Maybe she was still lingering in her former, maybe she was tired in love, need a short break,maybe she had other choices, perhaps I had not fully qualified to be her another-half ............ I realized it was a material world, no money and fruitful career, how could I make her happy?

I could not help picking up a famous eighties band "Radias" cassette  "Legend" and continuing to turn broadcast A side, the fourth song of "Cordial", the first few lyrics constantly over and over again:

"I kept asking myself, look really stupid, asking myself, appearance so ugly ............ ," 

While listened, sense of inferiority poured out!

Kelly, even high school’s target, had never had such low self-esteem. I thought I could not persue Joyce, she was an angel, a goddess, should find a good match with her, I did not know when I could upgrade, I truly useless!

This pile of inferiority as avalanche-like, choking me lying on the ground, also drove me becoming timid to her!

Appointment of the day as expected, really more than two people. Leung was undoubtedly a hardworking young guy, but at an inappropriate time here! However Forget it, maybe Joyce's deliberate arrangement, to prompt me not to think too much !

Anyway, I was still trying my best to teach and guide her, solved her problems in academic,even ultimately we still only be common friend.

No doubt, Joyce seemed grateful and appreciating to me, but I had assumed that she just  treated me as her best friend! That night she abiding by her promise, went to food stalls nearby, and the bill paid by her. In our time together was still talking about everything, but the more in-depth understanding, more realized that I was not her cup of tea. She needed a stable,mature guy to take care of her, she also needed a strong shoulder, let her relax while facing problems, not my kind of precarious, whom shoulder would collapse at anytime useless guy.

Leung said that after dinner,would go to game center to play, then Joyce and me walked around and chatted.

She still expressed her academic concerns, and told me recent relationship with her colleague got worse, her boss always scolded at her, made her moody . I patiently comforted her, advised her to resign! Her eyes flicker of apprehension ,after said she would think about it.

After repeated my comfort and jokes, at the front door of her house , her mood had been much better, smile bloomed again. While she entering the lobby, she even told me these words:

"Very appreciate your positive and optimistic, this night really comfortable with you." When she finished and walked away, her eyes still a little reluctantly.

"I'm really in her mind, what kind of position? She said this, what meaning?" I wondered ...............

Angel's heart, was actually very simple, easy to be broken and fragile. So angel’s need was a strong and determination arms, the shoulders might as hard as diamond, had  ability to give her one hundred percent security and confidence , eligible to be her lifelong companion. Otherwise it would mercilessly destroy the life of angel.

Quickly arrival of F7, Our four boys had decided to change another school, while the four flowers had no such intention, our opportunity to meet would be substantially reduced.

Of course, we still could see in tutorial workshop, but they suddenly withdrew from October, only one chance to see Joyce destroyed!

The autumn in 1992, two significant events happened, one of which was the couple of Eric and Maggie broke up unpredictably, main reason was appearing a wealthy guy dating Maggie, she soon was completely absorbed and falling in love with that living in Mid-Level house guy, Maggie’s cruel choice made Eric almost collapsed, or even a little bit intention to commit suicide. We spent a lot of time and effort to comfort him. In addition , Nelson started his formal mission to win Cindy’s heart, but Cindy refused him firmly. Nelson was just holding the play of mind, this refusal did not leave any wounds on his mind and body!

And I still maintained contacts with Joyce, an average of three or four nights a week on the phone to chat with her. But after those inferiority emerged, my mind had been significantly changed. I desired to keep the present relationship with her forever, I sensed this was the most favorable to both of us, in order to maintain the most long-lasting relationship.

"Love in an ambiguous time is the best!" I very much agreed.

I unilaterally adjusted my concept, but she sometimes revealed little bit strange as before, this strange made me confused again!

Sometimes the telephone conversation between her, heard some inexplicable implied.

"I will not go to Tuen Mun to find him!" One night in late autumn, she said again.

"My birthday was on 21st December ! If someone could accompany me,will be fine." She had little shy .

"You! You're a fool !"

Although I had turned my mind, but really easier to say than done,especially listening to these words.

In addition to phone conversation, we also had a few appointments , but Leung often joined us, I really could not discern what the angel want! But since I had decided to keep this ambiguous relationship to her, whatever will be,will be.

Soon entering the depth of winter in December, in addition to ready for Christmas, of course, preparing some birthday gifts for my special one.

"For her birthday, how should I celebrate with her?" I wondered .....................

Birthday biggest headache was gifts.

I spent almost two weeks to think about it. She loved Jacky Cheung, but said that already had his full collection. Also had the vast majority of her favorite movies . And she was not particularly interested in cartoon characters, a Hello Kitty or Friendship Forever doll or accessories might not be able to please her favor. She was very fond of swimming, but now had been winter, buying swimsuit as a gift, too outdated and too earth-shattering!

After some searching, I finally decided to order a mini cake , made with flour knickknacks, the white cake surface painted "Joyce, I wish you a happy birthday, youthfulness" of red words, those years which could be considered a novel gift.

At 15th night, I made a call to her and said, ready a mysterious gift for her, and dated her to eat candle dinner to celebrate. This time I emphasized the appointment of two person only, did not want other people to attend, after listening to it, her response was jubilant, readily agreed.

After hanging up the line, I immediately made a major decision, that was,regardless of the outcome, I would fight to her affection. No doubt this overturned my earlier decision to maintain the so-called ambiguous relationship, but I really did not want to have a loss and regret in my lifetime, and did not want to see her marry to someone else .

Because I had fallen in love with her! !This love was true, really from my bottom heart,could not be substituted.

That time no one knew what was internet , to choose restaurant was also a headache, not like now, just take a look at Open Rice, can see a lot of comments about the restaurant , so helpful.

I could only remind my previous history, hoping to find the best one. Unfortunately, I had visited a number of the restaurant ,but most of them were small stalls, and I did not want to casually look for one, after all, was the first dating with her alone, and also her birthday, I would like to give her a memorable birthday, and let her eat the most delicious things.

Then think of previously farewell to a classmate, who went to the United States for tertiary education, named as San Francisco,where the food and atmosphere also considered good level. And less than a week away from her birthday, there was no extra time for me to choose other restaurants, so decisive, rushed to have a booking,  fortunately the time was premature, still many two seats available for booking, and I reminded their staff again and again for preparing a table at quiet corner.

I specially prepared a purple suit, this suit only once wore when I enrolled a singing contest, and now finally there came another event!

Everything was ready. On your mark!Get set !Go!!

On the afternoon of 20th, I suddenly received a pager message from her .

"I'm sorry! I could not come tomorrow!" Her message like a lightning with thunder, broke my heart.

I immediately phoned to her company and asked her the reason, but she said something excuse of busy, explained to me later, OK, I let her explain.

However, waiting until 10pm, no any call, I had quite impatient, simply direct dialed her home.

"Hello!" She looked listless.

"You promised to call me, why not to call?" I had been tempted to fire.

"Vanessa said she had booked a restaurant, I not want to turn down her kindness ...!" with a little stutter.

"Kidding! I also do the same thing! How can you so!" my sound wave kept increasing.

"..............." She seemed unable to refute.

"You know I have spent a whole two week to find a gift for you, and then I spent a full night to think about tomorrow should choose which restaurant, but you waste my effort! "I’d been out of control.

"Sorry!" Her voice was more low.

"Fine, the last time, you come or not ?" I urged her.

"I'm sorry, I really cannot come!" She started sobbing slightly.

"Forget it! This time I completely realize, you don’t want to eat with me alone! I understand, every time I date you, you must bring with your brother, I really do not like, I do not know if you have any idea, I am stupid , no ability for guessing people’s mind. Forget it Forget it! Totally understand! I know what should do. "I had no mercy, hastily hung up the phone.

At this moment, sobbing was not just her, I was more ..................

It was the time to wake up, or just her trial given to me? I absolutely did not know.

After the Christmas holidays that brief Cold War, the New Year's Day 1993, I was extremely worried about the safety of her, naturally broken ice.

That happened on New Year's day, Lan Kwai Fong of Central appalling human tragedy of people stepping each other, resulting in many deaths and several hundred people wounded. I heard this tragedy from radio breaking news , suddenly remembered Joyce said she used to go to Lan Kwai Fong for celebrating new year, the reciprocal of the annual New Year's Eve, so I rang her at once, even not having teeth brushing .

"Hello!" She obviously had not wake up.

"Are you okay? Lan Kwai Fong was very terrible last night ........." Although I could hear the sound of her, but my heart was still a little bit of fear.

"Lan Kwai Fong what happened, I just wake up, know nothing." She was a little surprised.

"You watch the news, many people were killed. I thought you ............ Fortunately, you still alive!"

"I went to KTV last night, with Vanessa and her friends, almost overnight, so I did not go to Lan Kwai Fong. If you have no urgent matters, ring me later! I have to sleep more." Voice still oozing thick tired.

I agreed to her request, also obey her orders, afternoon called her again. The call unwittingly restored us to those days before her last birthday, of course, the main topic was around this tragedy, we were lamenting the loss of so many lives.

"Hey! I forgot to say sorry!" Joyce suddenly changed .

"What? I forget!" I really forgot that day.

"My last birthday, you spent so much to celebrate, but I actually missed it! I am sorry." Tone also apologetically.

"Has been so long! I would not be so stingy." Was not pretending to be generous, really almost forget about it.

"You said last time you had bought a birthday gift to me ,maybe you can give me someday." Joyce became soft.

"The last time revision, you completely understand?" This time I became master.

"Not yet! I'm stupid! Many of them still confused."

"Trust me, you must understand." I pretended to frivolous.

Both of us could not help laughing, this moment my heart regrew a lot of green shoots.

We studied together again, also successfully gave the small cake to her, seemed so sweet, and later happily having several appointments, of course, like the previous dating, three persons together,but I had eventually become numb, so without any particular embarrassment or unhappy.

I just wanted to give her a little more time to think about it! I never loved inconsiderate.

However, those omnipresent Valentine propaganda, and deliberately creating a romantic atmosphere, made my mind wavered. I was already unable to bear, hated to wait more.

The two days before Valentine's Day , I tried once more time officially to declare her .

One evening when covered by light rain , I called her again, this time, my mind mixed with hundred of different feelings, including fear, desire, excitement, joyful, but these hundred of feelings becoming a hundred KG heavy iron. I spent a lot of effort , finally managed to press her home number.

I took a deep breath, tried to keep myself calm. But the power had not been enough, was not smooth to knot again.

"I ............ you warm up the book?" as a child learning to speak.

"You forget I rarely study at this time?" She gentle reminded me, easy to find my distress.

"Ha ha, I really forget it! Ha ha," I could only hide by ugly smirk.

"What’s wrong with you, all right?" She turned to seriously condolences.

"I want to say something ............... ......... I"My heart jumped out soon!

"Let’s do it!" her tone a little excitement.

"I want to be with you ............, ............ I love you"

The whole world suddenly stopped, we did not speak again.

"Better later!" She was the first one to break the silence.

However, I did not carefully analyze her meaning, only my heart was severely thrown into the hell, all blood vessels broken, spattered with blood !

Liked the last time, I categorically asserted that she used such excuse to reject me, then I said I had to sleep, did not listen to her respond, hung up the phone.

I was totally breaking down for nearly two weeks . But the A.Level approaching, I did not have any courage, also no time to look for her, and also she did not take the initiative to contact me, our relationship temporarily drew on the full stop!

The result of examination was not good enough, could not successfully enroll in university. Only rejoined the workplace struggle, restored those busy and long working time typical living style of Hong Kong . And as time passed, my feelings and love for her, gradually to fade, her time of occupying my mind unknowingly back to zero !

Time flies, came to the troubled 2003 . Mischievous by the God, even took this turbulent year, once again fooled me, reunited with the almost forgotten Joyce  .

Dead of Lesile Cheung and Anita Mui, whom were our superstars in 80’s; raging SARS; half a million took to the streets ....... constituted turbulent 2003.

And I, went through my so-called golden years, including attempting to run business, only to completely exhausted and abrasion. During this almost lost hope of life period, one of my friend, Paul, who was a property agent, semi-forced to introduce me to a particular life upgrading courses. At first I refused, but he did not give up, to keep himself in ICQ bombarded me,saying after attempting this course, himself had a significant change.For example, successfully repaired his original discordant relationship with parents, and later on praise, said after several sessions, magic of re-understanding of himself own and re-established goals of life. I had no interest in such a strange and expensive course, but seeing his character and behavior changed significantly after the course. For example, he was a extremely proud guy , but he was willing to tell me humbly and confessed how he hurt his former girlfriend, and repeatedly say sorry, initiative to return previously owed me $ 5,000. Curious to such course, eventually succumbed to follow him to that a full account of whole 3rd floor of a commercial building .

I was in there, but still had a trace of hesitation, because I did not have enough money. He seemed to see through my worries, actively to pay tuition for me, and said that I needed not to be hurry to return. I felt really regret, and only obediently paid the tuition!

This wonderful course starting from eight p.m, a rough estimated there were about two hundred "students" in the extremely dark classroom, awaiting this new and mysterious journey. 

The course about to start, an eloquent but deep voice held a half-hour briefing, he repeated brainwashing to introduce this course was a rare and life process of exploring opportunities for a so-called awakening of life, a big blessing to attempt it, and vowed that he would be our mentor for this short five-day course , and be able to lead us to achieve the goal of this course.

After the briefing, immediately started the first game, the mentor asked us to form some collective groups, each group containing five persons, the rule was let every student try a different way from A to B point, the game allowed participants using different methods, such as running,climbing even one-foot jumping also OK. I guessed the aim of the game was mentoring student ,life could have different way to go, or training our brains ! Then playing a few more series of similar games , the instructor named Jason, commanded us free to find a classmate standing nearby and form a pair of "buddy". He said subsequent games would interact with this buddy.

I looked around , unfortunately no female students nearby, only male students, slightly farther girls had all been marked by nearby men .

Reluctantly to find someone to form buddy group at random ,meanwhile, a female voice calling my name suddenly .

Still thinking who knew my name, a gentle little fat suit man invited me to be his buddy. I hastily promised him, then hastily looked back, I saw also a little fat, about five feet girl's back, while a guy who wearing a complete suit ,very tall and young, approaching her, seemed inviting her to be his buddy.

My Buddy quite talkative and speaking sweet, like an orator talking in a lecture , quickly drew my attention ,and this person introduced himself called Eason, a regional manager of a large insurance company, was managing a team of several hundreds of agents, no wonder there was such a professional eloquence. He said specifically to observe this course , to see whether useful to his subordinates , in order to enhance their confidence .

Jason ordered us to sit down with buddy, then both shared own stories and purpose to attend this course. This moment was really feeling in an army. But telling my past to a stranger was really a little resistance, then pretending to be gracious to let Eason say first. Apart from anything else, he really poured out his past, from graduating high school ,then went to Canada for further studying,finally returned to Hong Kong to join the insurance firm, from an ordinary agent, working hard to a regional manager. I took the opportunity to look around, while he still shared his story, and then found a girl with that tall men, talking with smile . But because the environment was too dark, I could not see her face clearly.

I still thought of who she was, suddenly Eason patted me, motioned me to share. I summarized, concentrated this decade stories to share with him, which was also mentioned that I attended matriculation, but my poor scores causing rejoined the working society .

Due to sharing this past with him, mind suddenly thrown a lot of various stories in matriculation, including went to pub and studied with the best buddies . Among more thought at that time I experienced a brink of life and death at Pat Sin Range. Thought of this, naturally thought among each classmate, especially the one who made me have a deep feeling ..........

I woke up, I finally knew who she was, then I looked to the direction of the girl.

At the same time, she also looked at me, and thus our eyes impartially overlapped each other .

Our connection turned on, all of a sudden seemed to have rushed to talk a thousand words .

Eason patted me again, made me withdraw from scenes of a sweet dream, had been brewing for years , only infinite nostalgia!

Joyce was hanging her head, thoughtfully. I tried to call her again with my eyes, hoping adjourned that blend , but that, the commander Jason, untimely ordered all the students to prepare for the next session, his voice with an octave higher, deterrent entire classroom, scared all people , but also destroyed the valuable opportunity of saying hello to Joyce!

The last sharing was just the warm-up , the upcoming session was the main dishes!

Jason told us to share with each other , the wrongest and regret thing even done.

I began to realize why the course to be carried out in the dark , if it was in fierce light environment, I believed most students could maintain their rational in the normal operation, would refuse to participate in , but in this near-pitch-dark environment ,  invariably lowered the normal defenses of strangers. Therefore when Jason commanded, all the participants treated the new buddy as an old friend , shortly after more vaguely heard crying, obviously someone came to the heart.

And since I re-met Joyce, like all of a sudden poured out as endless mind, so I the first to take the initiative to share this sealed and long inconclusive feelings. When I mentioned her response after my disclosure of loving her , then I turned out to assume that she rejected me, Eason unexpectedly, impassioned cursed my stupidity, and I confessed that I did not take persistent efforts, really a wrong thing.

But I did not tell him I was dramatically re-encounter her here.

During the sharing, I did not forget to see the situation of Joyce, she was pouring with that sportsman.Some evidently seemed very tangled thing, of course, I could not hope was talking about me! It should be the other things, but in the end , what was her greatest mistake?

In addition to those crying or sobbing, ear nest more listening to a high female voice screamed, at first hearing to the woman's mood seemed out of control, I invariably saw what was happening, but could only see a bunch of black shadows , there seemed to be Jason, flew to the group of people, wanted to control the scene. But after a couple of minutes later, the situation was not in control , the woman was more like a series of frantic, soon pushed down two men, then burst out crying!

Other students seemed just sitting on the sidelines, or afraid that woman's madness , still concentrating in conversation. 

Eason motioned us to continue that unfinished share, I caught a glimpse of Joyce being hurriedly walked towards the mad woman .

I suddenly worried about her safety , after all, a mad woman out of control, could do everything irrationally and violently . I grew more and more panic, anxiety, would be attacked, then immediately ran to support.

The same time, her new buddy also hurried to rescue her, side by side with me, looked so concerning.

Several of brave students trying to put the woman hoop. But as I expected, her abnormal power, easily escaped.

But silly Joyce went up to her, murmuring, not knew what to say. At first the dull eyes of the woman ws really like in a magic spell, temporarily stopped the insane, but after less than two minutes took the lead again, soon Joyce being pushed down.

Critical juncture, both of us stretching out our hands .

While Joyce lying on the ground ,both of us stopped her simultaneously,by leading our hands.

This subtle triangle made the whole atmosphere condensated, I caught a glimpse of that sportsman, was using some of less friendly eyes, peered askance me, it seemed dissatisfied with my action. I instinctively thought he had a lot of provocative, and my heart would not let him get the upper hand, fought back.

"Thank you!" Her unchanged gentle stopped our battle.

At that time that crazy woman had been under control, even after brought her away from the classroom, around soon back to normal, the participants continued to pour out of the bottom of heart those unfinished.

Joyce with that sportsman strolled back to their seats, the process we both looked at each other for a few seconds, her eyes as with something wanted to say. But I also felt vaguely that sportsman glancing over, but I totally ignored it!

I just adjourned previously unfinished communication with Joyce, but that Eason motioned me back into place.

Full curriculum to midnight , but just the first lesson, I really felt a bit stupid, actually spent five thousand dollars for such course. This seemed to expose people’s privacy, and made you so tired of confused , so-called life upgrading courses.

After school, I tried to find Joyce, but failed since too many students and the dark environment, and I was too sleepy, better go home as soon as possible!

On the way home, depicting the old stories in my mind, but those just gently passing, after all, was only fantasy a decade ago, but it was only my heart feeling a little bit of irony!

Why did I have this feeling? It needs to mention some more.

Saying that my misunderstanding of her phone rejection.Six months later, I was actually very willing, would like to use some method to prove I was not missed with her, so I invented a game, which now seemed quite unnecessary and a waste of time .

This game rule was very simple, every Sunday wandering around her living estate, and saw whether "coincidence" to meet her. Then my route, generally surround Lei Cheng Uk Estate to Un Chau Estate, where apart from her home about 1km, and then repeated the route ten times,this experiment mostly concentrated in the afternoon to the evening time .

Then I thought, if I could meet her, then I would be re-launched my offensive, and would insist till the end. Conversely, if three months later, was still unable to meet her, and that was to prove that we were actually not fated, I would immediately give up pursue action, completely dead heart.

I believe you can guess, the result was frustrating. And I also fulfilled the earlier commitments, forgot everything about her!

But after almost a decade, probably erased her , even in this case re-encountering her, how was the God react? Really implying I would have good result serendipitously?

But all was gone! That moment I only treated as old friend reunion. Moreover, I've got the other half, could not be free of both worlds. Later just holding a gathering, inviting her and also my old classmates. 

However, the development of events was far out I expected !

The "course" was becoming "passion", one of the session was to scold your buddy’s shortcomings severely , then vice verse. Much similar to the Cultural Revolution in PRC, as red guard soldiers collective denounced scene . After the students received a series of mass hypnosis , including myself, feeling liked a judge , invincible, yet for some still not "wake up" student imparted censure, criticism, and attacked.

When I got on the course after this so-called beginner session, had been caught in obsessions, so not waiting the graduation, obediently offered another ten thousand dollars to enroll in the intermediate course, but after finished , the residual ration told me this course would make people could not turn back, unable to extricate themselves, and then discussed with Paul, who had finished the intermediate courses earlier, both decided to quit.

But the effect of course was still emerging, as I said earlier, later with Joyce would be some unexpected things happened.

Joyce also told me, after the completion of the intermediate course, did not go further to advance course. And our first date alone, occurred on Saturday after the end of intermediate course.

After we spontaneously, completed the course, both agreed that the physical and psychological benefit. In addition to significantly enhanced self-confidence, but also broke some barriers from heart, also blockade of the desire of some love, spilled between the moment.

Joyce initiative through ICQ dating me and said a long time not to Cheung Chau. So I was hiding my girlfriend Grace, told her I needed to accompany my family to the mainland for a short tour, returning to Hong Kong on Sunday night , she totally trust me, I also remind her I would turn off my mobile phone, completely not worried about my fraud, but also constantly told me to be careful on my journey. Unfortunately, I was confused that time, I could not timely turn. Losing her, was definitely a big mistake in my life!

We met at Central Pier , Joyce was already quite warm, also leaned very close. Until boarding the ferry, she leaning her head on my shoulder, and I hugged her a little light crude waist as response,each other had no any feeling that each other's behavior unexpected, after all attempting such course, individual quality had been enhanced , was already different from other ordinary people, and things were done correctly and reasonably, and mature than them.

We started to chat,express the long time missing to each other during the one-hour journey. She blamed me cruel not to find her , complained that she had been waiting me for a long time, and turned down many many suitors. I only responded because of that call, seemed denied my love, I suddenly lose confidence. I also told her about the fate game, her tears poured out after listening my explanation, constantly poked my chest to say I'm a fool, both became silent.

She also unlocked the lid on my mind , that was, her story about the friend who lived in Tuen Mun  .

As I expected a decade ago, that really was her former.

Joyce words with frustration ,that time I expressed my feeling to her, in fact been separated with him. But after more than five years together, she had not once have full mental preparation, so quickly went to take another person, she said that time was still a hesitating, wanted to make sure no any distractions to fully accept my love.

She told me to be later, was the underlying reason. But accidentally, I believed my wishful thinking of her using such excuse to refuse my pursuit. I could not help crazily  kissing her , until arrival of Cheung Chau.

Joyce wanted to be with me the whole weekend together, she held my hand ,went to a stall to rent a vacation home, and without hesitation to take the initiative to pay . Then each other’s mouth did not say anything, but had a strong sense of intention to compensate for the regret a decade ago.

After renting the vacation house, we first went to East Bay to swim, then went to visit Cheung Po Tsai Cave. I just bought a Nokia mobile, the modal was the world's first camera-phone, we took it to play, made many special shots, until the Sunset,then reluctantly went back to Cheung Chau market stalls to eat seafood . Now we were no different from other couples, both of us hoped that the time could stayed at this moment forever!

Back to the vacation house, we started a more thorough exchanges. I sometimes thought that life was really difficult to predict. I was dreaming about her for long time, spending a lot of effort, but the end result was not even touched her hands. But to this day ,even after the re-encounter, soon reached to such sex relationship,originally could be a good time to continue our story , yet I had had a lover. Knowing such behaviour was morally guilty of commandments, but at this moment had been totally selfless, decade soul deep hidden in each one’s beast, as flash flooding. 

We spent all night in sex, at the beginning she was discomforted and had little pain because of my rush, fortunately, the rest of the time liked a duck, issued a full comfort to each other from the deepest heart at howling soul, energy almost exhausted.

"We will have future? You've got a girlfriend, though only on the day of graduation met her once, but has left a deep impression, in addition to her beautiful, but also intuitively feel that she is very virtuous, future will be a good wife. If you choose me, you will be a great loss! "After the wake, she turned to worry this heavy issue.

"After studying in this course, we must have the ability to solve this problem." I made use of the phrase motto from the lesson, surface tone was very firmly to reply her.

"You should also seek a method to handle that guy, he seems in love with you" I immediately asked her. Yes, Joyce also had another person waiting her .

Yes, this guy was her buddy , he was a businessman, running of construction materials business, according to Joyce said , he was an able man and did it very well , now becoming large scale and had many branches, preparing IPO. The age just around 30, obviously a young talent. Originally, he had such favorable conditions, might be popular, but unfortunately, he did not make a good decision, selected Joyce, was launching offensive and fierce pursuit.

"Yesterday vaguely heard a male voice from your cell phone , I think it was him! I copy your remark, if you choose me, too, have a big loss!"

"Are you jealous?"

"I'm not qualified for jealous!" I said something from the bottom of my heart.

"So you want me to accept him? He is really good condition, and care!" Her eyes showing some special.

"I don’t know how to answer, as you like !"

"Now do not think about it again! We went to the course, must have the ability to solve this problem!" She was in fully confidence.

Since that trip to Cheung Chau, we had tryst for several times. And she also revealed that at the same time started dating with Fred, who was her smart and CEO buddy, but I did not implied or explicit to stop her, just reminded her to understand him clearly .

I always thought that such a good condition, whatever his position in society, or character , I totally could not be compared, if I simply wanted her with me only, would eventually harm done to her. So I stressed once again that I would not abandon Grace, so that she would forget me, ready to meet her true love.

Ever since we had a consensus that, our appointment only purely satisfied our physiological needs.

I knew that Joyce did not want to hear my answer, every time tryst she would revisit the old question, but I always said it was a firm surface final answer, not to destroy the rules of the game!

Every time I said such thing, would cause me painful, I was likely to be the truth! But the face of this polygonal relationship might act decisively, or else both four of us would fall into the situation beyond redemption!

Until now, Grace seemed not yet aware of my infidelity, even more gentle than before, more thoughtful, more kind! At first I wondered she was trying to test me, I had done every step carefully, such as in order to prevent Grace from smelling Joyce’s body odor, I made love with her one week later after with Joyce, could be completely washed off, then seeing she was so good to me, I also gradually relaxed !

To be honest, as Joyce said, Grace was definitely a good girl. We knew at a BBQ party , because she looked a bit like my goddess Priscilla Chan, had her innocence breath. So I could not help falling in love with her, and she had good impression to me at that time, so I did not take too much effort to date her successfully. 

One day in summer 2005, Grace happily invited me to her home. Being joy with her after, she got some sort of custard desserts to me, when I relished, she suddenly raised a question, which she never asked before:

"We have together for a long time, it is better to get married!" 

I suddenly speechless, had never expected that there was such question!

Once upon a time we had talked about this, I emphasized not to evade responsibility. Because I was being whole-heartedly in my own small business , and I really wanted to make it successful at my first priority, then had a certain economic base, gonna get married. I also thought that truthfully to tell her, she also agreed jointly to wait for this day. And then after she did not intentionally mention such marriage matters.

But this time the sudden question, killing me by surprise!

I was transfixed, after almost half a minute ,then restored.

"I'll marry you."but I could not look at her directly!

"That is now scheduled ." She immediately turned on the computer,then visited related websites.

My heart created a sense of panic, hurriedly stopped her and said:

"You see I made a mess of my career, and now I have no money to prepare the wedding. If it is too hasty to get married, I'm afraid your family will say gossip, I really do not want to make you feel uncomfortable, wait a more years , if the situation improved,I promised to marry you at once. "

"Relax! Just joking!I do not want to force you, I totally understand, I know how to do." She said with a sweet smile, but a little gloomy.

Because previously flustered, I did not carefully to chew the phrase "I know what to do" meaned. Later know what it meant,but too late!

Grace then visited some travel agencies websites, said wanna to see snow scene in Hokkaido, the two of the world having a white Christmas. Apart from anything else, I immediately accompanied her to visit together, ultimately chose a package, departure on 21st of December.

"This day is Joyce's birthday? How could this be so coincidence?" I thought to myself.

The next few months we continued to live in peace and love, but also continued the secret relationship with Joyce . Everything was still very smooth, but I suspected this was a short moment of calm before a perfect storm.

Finally, in early December, I received a SMS from Joyce :

"After my repeated deliberation, I officially started with Fred, we plan to get married in October next year. God is really good to me, give me this Mr. Right. He is a rare Good boy, with handsome looks and an enviable achievement, tells me in every possible way, every care to accommodate everything. Even though he's still young, but has been able to bring me full of endless sense of security and well-being, but at the same time also thrown a deep sense of guilt. I tell you this unusual physical relationship, if one day given him to know , he'll be heartbroken. Besides, you repeated to me that you will not give up your current girlfriend. I think this is the time to put an end of such sneaky relationship. If you wish to find me, via email or on MSN ! I think we will not meet again , things in the past just as our secret memories! Finally, I hope you can cherish your spouse, she is indeed a good girl, don’t hurt her any more. Remember to delete this SMS immediately , otherwise carelessly disclosed to her, she must be a thunderbolt. Finally, I wish you good luck forever. "

I was very calm to look it carefully, repeated twice before this final farewell then totally deleted. To me, her parting was already expected. Our day in the so-called life upgrade curricula was invariably imbued with excess strong belief , what you want to break their old traditions, to break pupa rebirth liked brainwashing hypnosis. The results was we really broke the shackles of inherent madness.

Unfortunately, the reunion timing was not right, if we attempted such course a decade ago, we would have no any beating about the bush, we would move forward fruition. Thinking deeper, perhaps just simply wanted to compensate each other in the past, those should had been able to develop, but in the end nothing came of grievances, the opportunity to aid  power by the course after it catharsis. In fact, when the current that subtle and pure love in fact, already gone away. We were satisfied during the sex, but afterwards obviously did not have the kind of miss as the old days, feelings and aftertaste. Now termination could be considered reasonable. And more importantly, I did not want to do it again, I felt guilty to Grace , she had pay a lot for me, if keeping on this arrogant, I believed that one day would be unmasked, when she would completely collapse, did not know she would have what kind of silly reaction!

The scheduled departure to Hokkaido started, just before the plane, secretly send a SMS to Joyce,to wish her a happy birthday, but she did not reply with thanks.

As Grace wished to see the snow swirling in Hokkaido. We enjoyed to learn skiing, went sightseeing, loosely in the spa bath at the hotel, it could be said the most happy Christmas in my life..

Very reluctantly left Japan and returned to Hong Kong, as usual, took her home with crazy goodbye kiss.

Unfortunately, this was the last time I kissed her ............

In Hokkaido,we still gluey , but after returned to Hong Kong, actually had undergone enormous changes.

While I took her to her home , as usual had a goodbye long kiss, as in the past as more still making a phone call to her to report safe. Usually, no matter how late, she might answer the phone and said good night, used to hear my voice again before sleeping, but this night was not even answer, I called again and again, still no one picked up the phone. I guessed she might really tired to sleep, so no longer bother her.

But the next day was beginning to find something really unusual, phone still was not connected, not even MSN online. I worried about her safety, so called her home, this time surprisingly was her sister, she told me with a very serious tone that Grace would send an e-mail to me. I was so anxious to request speaking directly to Grace, but she did not say a word , only cold hastily hung up the phone.

My intuition told me that was a very serious matter, our relation was facing a severe test. But I had no the slightest idea, especially in Japan, no any strange seen, her character was not the kind of person recklessly bad- temper, relatively speaking, my temper was much worser than her, often outlet to her, but she always suffered in silence, then infinitely patient to appease me. I knew a person's tolerance had limited, could n’t she bear me any more ?

It seemed that I could only quietly waiting for that e-mail to find the answer.

In the process of waiting, I was online again in MSN, in addition to concerning Grace  was online or not, but also curious to see whether Joyce also online, of course, only my wishful thinking.

I casually pacing back and forth in my home, then frequent and nervously looked at the computer screen, there was no hint of any received e-mail, until eleven p.m. still no any notice of receiving. I had cowards to call her again, only to the refrigerator ,and took a can of beer, comforted myself .

I decadent down on the bed to sleep, thinking about what I had done wrong, in the process wondering if she already knew my secret relationship with Joyce, after more thought she had said: she could forgive a guy lost in gambling, drugs, but definitely not forgive his own infidelity, no matter how he afterwards did anything for compensation and repentance, would immediately make a clean break, would not give any chance of composite. The more I thought the more cold sweat, but also unexpectedly the winced, thinking this was most likely push!

At 12am, an e-mail alert tone finally sounded .

We just enjoyed in a joyful and memorable white Christmas, we stumbled in Hokkaido learned to ski, and enjoyed a wide variety of sushi, sashimi and noodles. At that time I wanted to stay forever in such circumstances. However, people had to face reality, and more importantly, life might be in the appropriate time to do some of the segment.

Remember I once told you about my boss ? Cannot deny he have a good impression to me. Originally, I was able to turn him down . Unfortunately, I did unknowingly fall in love with him. I swear not because he is my boss, deliberately accept him, so as to obtain benefits to facilitate a raise or promotion at work, like a conspiracy, I really really love him, much more than I estimate.

I've been dating with him for some time, he also knows your exist, but he promised to let me consider clearly before with him, and after a long period of thinking, and repeated discussions with my close friends, I only reluctantly to make such decision.

I admit that one of his merit is his steady income and have a property with no mortgage , but this is not the biggest reason, if I may say so, his temper is really much better than you, you have to understand that I’m not obliged to tolerate your outlet. And he is definitely good temper.

But in fact more important key point is that ,I found that you also unfaithful to me. I remember that when I was the guest for your graduation of that life enhancing course, has been aware of you, with a female student,seemed ambiguous, did not look like an ordinary friend. At first I just think my too suspicious , thinking that perhaps a common topic of this course made both of you more congenial.

However, your sloppy, and you seriously underestimated the sixth sense awareness of women betrayed you. You should not know women are particularly sensitive to odors, especially that of another girl's breath, the residue odor with you, almost certainly same to Joyce , your hesitated in being affectionate with me, and that deliberately gift happened to be iron-clad evidence. 

Therefore, you can not, or have no right to blame I chose him. You see my words seem very calm, but I cried many times . I am still willing to travel with you, it is to give both of us a perfect ending, but more like you have a taste of what I learned that day your infidelity ,after falling into hell from paradise, feel how?

Things have happened, and all are become a foregone conclusion, is already irretrievably lost, I officially declare unilaterally break! No need to find me in the future.

"Ha, ha, ha ......" I was confused tears with laughing !

"Why do both of you like using words to declare breaking-up ? Why not talk face to face ? Afraid of me? 'Head in my arms tightly, tears wall covered almost all the attention .I only acted as a half-blind old man, only could see a little reflection from misty blue streetlight . I had collapsed, after more deliberately shielding my lungs not to breathe normally, until seeing stars drift , but still obviously felt my body some numb, with a sense of near-nothingness of death . I wondered if I really continued this madness more than a minute or two, then the soul would have great opportunity, not returned to the flesh, I would go to another world!

I limped at home with thirsty, did not work, did not eat for two days, my mother was very upset, there are several more to rush into the bedroom to see exactly what happened, she was filled with anxiety, but I still numb, until she said she had to call police, then I stood and motioned her not to do so, but I only knew how to shake my head, had no incentive to respond by saying a word, my mouth was locked. She later said my company called many times, questioning the reason I did not go to work, only lied and said I had a bad cold bedridden. After repeatedly told me to see a doctor as soon as possible to take a certificate of sick leave, but I had no desire to go , to be honest, at this moment, I just liked living corpse, in addition to the toilet , I almost not came out from the bedroom.

At this moment only to find that Grace was so important to me, I could not lose her. Unfortunately, it was too late. I remembered a song’s lyrics:

"Who would cherish when you have, until it’s almost lost ............"

With the passage of time, the soul gradually returned into the body, but at the cost of losing my jobs. Day period of unemployment I was alone traveled the whole of Hong Kong, large and small mountains and hills, sometimes more would sat alone for a long time to wonder. Once accidentally slipped by gravel, which made my legs full of wounds.

During that period, could be regarded as the darkest days of my life , I almost interrupted  all association with the real world.

Later, the situation gradually improved, started to find a job. Meanwhile,I tried my best to save again the relationship with Grace. I'd tried a variety of means to find her, but she still totally ignoring me, not only blocked my MSN, even phone numbers had changed, dialed her home,could not reach her, her sister at several times more, in a very rude tone ordered me not to call again again, the feeling of the moment was my status in the world was not as even stray dogs.

I could not understand her unsympathetic, after so long, was still totally cruel, did not give me any opportunity to compensate . The boss really good? What drugged her? He was really loyal to you only? Did not never been to brothels place ? I really did not believe it! Grace, I thought you were not yet a thorough understanding of men, black as crows!

And I still did nothing, pondering how to re-win her heart again, Joyce appeared again, invited me in MSN to have a dinner .

"We had a long time not see, this Friday evening free?"

"What’s matter?"to my memory,I had never used this seriously and vigilance tone. Perhaps Grace's leaving me, I had a little resentment to Joyce, thinking that her initiative of dating, to some extent made us break-up.

"Ah! You are so rude. We have not seen for a while , really sad !"

Because just chatting with other friends, I did not care about her response.

"I think you are not available, then I come to the point, I get married next month, and would like to give you the invitation."

"Is that your buddy?" I really asked with a bit abrupt, but no way, I still really wanted to know .

"Of course, him! Not you!You'll never, you have no chance!" Girl could be so frivolous to be married? It seemed that she really hoped for the future of marriage and had infinite mental excitement! But marriage was not a joke, you needed to thoroughly understand each other, and must have a careful measure of both heritage and values, habits and details ,could be more certain to maintain a joyful and long-lasting marriage.

Of course I had no intention to share this own personal opinion with her, I only a little sour, again congratulated her by keyboard input:

"After marriage, you are no longer a child. In any case, I wish you have a memorable wedding . I'm free this Friday evening, just to collect your wedding invitations !"

We met at Starbuck . That night she was wearing a full suit of deep black, set off with a brand new Panda, also painted blue cream covered with her eyes, but the hair more faint gray, I did not know whether due to huge workload or other reasons .

Fortunately, the same was her innocent sweet smile, every time I saw, I always head over heels, until now, was no exception.

Joyce sat down,then began her complaint, said the company's newly appointed general manage seemed to dig her scars, also be a snitch to report to the boss, made her sleepless . I used to comfort her with joke tone, said you would be married soon, simply resigned now! But she said she had been working for so many years, not willing to leave. I had to repeatedly reassure her, advised her not be too concerned. However, if the guy was too threatening, might be a high-profile fighting back, in order to defend herself. She quickly relieved after listening, bloomed again that sweet sweet smile.

This time, I did a bold move, that picked up the phone, shot her charming smile. However, this move made her a bit overwhelmed!

"Why did you shoot me?" She really was a bit of shock.

"Nothing, just made a remembrance of it!" I crouched beside her without consent, madly again pressed the shutter.

I found when reviewing the photos, her smile somewhat far-fetched, so I ordered her to shoot a few more, until I satisfied.

"Why do you so love to take pictures today? Force me to laugh," She was confused by me.

"I just said, just for memory! I really love to see you smile. But lately you have been privatized, I think I was no longer any chance to see your smile, I must take this last chance , give us a wonderful memories! "I spoke, staring at her.

She lowered her head, hands only knew fiddling with the pile of whitish hair .

I had too much to hold her right hand with slightly rough, caused her immediate withdrawal vigorously , more head hanging low.

My face was extremely hot , we had at least five minutes of relative silence.

"Remember to come earlier that night." I looked up and saw the pink ribbon flower fragrance invitation, accompanied an awkward smile, together broke the silence.

"Sure, remember to have more babies." I also tried to say a joke to ease the atmosphere.

"I have to leave now, it is late." Her face was still an apprehensive.

"Accompany me for a while, Grace and me just finished!" In order to prevent her to leave, my brain non-stopped .

Her ready-to- leave body really stopped , then slightly led her body closer, ready to  listen to my plight. I told her the whole story, her eyes clearly revealed a trace of guilt.

"Although this course successfully to enhance our self-worth and confidence, but we have some of the side effects, some inappropriate and reckless behavior off guard, at first we think we can effectively resolve this matter, but obviously ............... Oh! "Although the enhancement has gradually disappeared, but at least we can return to reality.

"So just ......... sorry, I am a little confused." I hoped she could forgive my earlier frivolous.

"But we finally release our hearts of love!" After saying this, Joyce again casually strumming hair.

"You give Grace's MSN to me, I try to explain and apologize to her." She seemed to think I was parting with Grace was her own responsibility.

"No need, just let it go." I had been able to take joking.

"Can you really let go?" She seemed to see through my heart .

"I do not know, but now the situation has told me that we could no longer together again." after I said this, her eyes appeared strange.

Then her phone rang, it was her fiance that careful and considerate, said driving a car came to take her home. I knew this moment had no way to keep her a little longer.

"I really gotta go. Remember to send the photos to me, I must receive the most beautiful one, goodbye." she walked away after final waved, I only looked at her with transfixed, gradually shrinking back, my mind went blank.

Wedding party held on the Gold Coast Hotel, a total of twenty tables banquet. I was arranged sitting with her boss and colleagues, another long-lost girl sitting besides me.

That girl was Cindy. After the re-encounter, began her speech , and had a special interest in my marital status. In addition to temporarily sealing with, due to taking wedding photos , most of the time was talking to me. Of course, in this wedding party, apart from Joyce and Cindy, the other I did not know , anyway, long time no see, let her say.

Besides the dressing was more than a grand, Cindy still looked as the same as those days, still a haircut, nor any deliberate makeup. Skinny dress properly but revealed her curves, making her revealing little feminine. And she also put some perfume, the smell completely overshadowed that before often making me uncomfortable smell of body odor, which made me more willing to communicate with her closer.

But one thing was interesting but puzzled me, she was curious about my martial status, but she remained silent about her love affair. I asked her married or not, but she lacked of outright.

The wedding party started, after a short briefing, the couples, along with wedding march walked into the ball room, all of the audience stood up and thunderous applause. I looked at Joyce, who wearing the Chinese style dressing, subtle but shining , and my heart filled with lonely sad astonishment. Just a few months I lost two beloved girl, although a little remorse was the self-created, but over the world, whom had not made a mistake? Why some people could compensate, but me? ultimately get nothing! !

To the moment of toast, I raised that stiffened glasses with her blessing, then silently watched the couple, it was tastes too. But later her boss at the same table, even made me  more embarrassed.

Before the banquet began, I had seen him drinking a lot, estimated at least three bottles of red wine plus one bottle of beer, but he also began numerous liquor,talked to himself . I vaguely heard him say someone so fast to get married, what did not give herself more choices . These touched my nerves, plus I also drank a lot of wine, so brazenly looked directly at him, he was also aware of my eyes, instantly retaliated, we immediately looked at each other.

I was a little fears, afraid of such situation finally leading to a fight, then the atmosphere would be deteriorated, so I ducked his eyes, continued to dine. But the unexpected was his initiative to talk to me , loudly asked me one special question:

"My friend, Joyce is a good girl, you, have you dated her already?" 

I did not understand his motives and meaning to ask this question, why he could know my secret? I kept wondering.

"Mr. Chan, you made him embarrassed." A female voice called rounders prettily.

"Sorry. Forgive me" Chan actively drank full cup of red wine to apologize, and I politely did the same thing, and then nice chatted with him , but the topic not concerned with Joyce .

Time stubble , instant came into the days in 2016. But this episode, had not been able to discerned the actual meaning .

I have no further contact with Joyce after her marriage. Instead of re-encountering in the wedding, Cindy, now still keep contact,always chatting with her in Whats’app, but her martial status so far remaining a mystery.

For Grace , heaven pays off, finally found her on Facebook, she accepted my adding her as a friend. She has been married to her boss, also gave birth to a chubby boy, her family photographs often uploaded to Facebook to share. And every time she uploads her baby’s new photos, I always be the first one to press like.

But this far-reaching, and always be able to find someone you have not seen for a long time Facebook, surprisingly can not find Joyce's account. I have considered to add all Joyce in Facebook as a friend, but a rough estimated, at least few hundreds of accounts of the same name, I have selected some of them, look into the content, and some are willing to share their photos, At first glance I know it is not her. By contrast there are a number of other users, no any photos in their profile, some putting their cats and dogs, or even just some of the drawings, for these accounts I not presume to join. And even hateful Cindy has no contact with her, and she said she did not have her phone number, email addresses and Facebook accounts.

I think to myself, let it be ! Actually my purpose to add her, just to maintain a relationship with her friend forever, like Grace, is enough!

Here there is a little supplement, that is, Kelly . Two years after the graduation of F7, I successfully found her and learned that she had been to a mental hospital, but had been out of the hospital for rehabilitation , she revealed she had forgiven his former boyfriend ,together again. But after that tea reception did not ever see her once more.

In order to complete this memoir, I once again set foot in the Lei Cheng Uk Estate, City Poly and other places, so as to evoke more memories. And when I step into Lei Cheng Uk Estate, naturally recall the memory of playing fate game. Therefore every time after the completion of writing, I will walk along the original route again, retaste the feeling of those days . I understand that she has been married, and unlikely to live in here, but she is a dutiful girl, I think she will always take a moment to back home. Maybe we will meet again!

This hot Sunday as usual, I went to her estate, then sat in the shade near her bldg, the tentative target to complete three chapters, then would once again play the game. When I whole-heartedly to writing, sensed that there was a woman sitting on the opposite bench, but my brain was thinking about writing, so did not notice. Until I started urgency, ready to go to the toilet, when looked up, I totally frozen.

Still the same kind and generous angel smile, sparkling eyes began to gush that could not bear to witness tears in her eyes, more telling all these years immense sorrows, frustration and regret with me, and that was a long time in the dust compression affection ...............

And I got into the fog , gradually felt the eyes of a wet warm, body began twitching ..................





The End








































