 
 
 
Unforeseen
Alessandra Powell- Book One
 
 
 
By: Krystal White 
 
Text copyright 2015 Krystal White
All Rights Reserved
 
 
 
 
 
This book is dedicated to anyone and everyone who despite what life throws at them look at the bright side of things and do their best to overcome adversity.
Keep at it!
~Better days are bound to come~
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
CHAPTER ONE. 1
CHAPTER TWO.. 1
CHAPTER THREE. 1
CHAPTER FOUR. 1
CHAPTER FIVE. 1
CHAPTER SIX. 1
CHAPTER SEVEN.. 1
CHAPTER EIGHT. 1
CHAPTER NINE. 1
CHAPTER TEN.. 1
CHAPTER ELEVEN.. 1
CHAPTER TWELVE. 1
CHAPTER THIRTEEN.. 1
CHAPTER FOURTEEN.. 1
CHAPTER FIFTEEN.. 1
CHAPTER SIXTEEN.. 1
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN.. 1
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN.. 1
CHAPTER NINETEEN.. 1
CHAPTER TWENTY. 1
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE. 1
CHAPTER TWENTY TWO.. 1
CHAPTER TWENTY THREE. 1
 
 

 
  CHAPTER ONE
 
 It's Saturday night and we are at Shady's house at yet another party. I am in the game room playing pool with Jameson, Paul, Sean and Derek since Kellan went to the kitchen to find us some drinks. It's been about 20 minutes now and he's not back yet. I know the house is packed, but there's no way it should take him this long to get back. I am normally not clingy, but something tells me I need to go look for him.
I am able to navigate through the throngs of people dancing, drinking and making out all over the place. In my efforts to find Kellan I head towards the kitchen first. I don't see him anywhere and he is easy to spot. After all, he's six-foot-one and quite muscular. I go to the living room next where most of the dancing is taking place and I am surprised I don't see my closest girlfriend- well my only female friend- Brianna showing off her moves. She loves to party and she's always dancing and making out with someone right about this time. 
I for one don't drink more than a beer. I like being sober- especially around so many people. Not that I would ever be taken advantage of as Jameson wouldn't allow it. Jameson O'Brien is my best friend and Kellan's older brother, but most importantly for everyone here he's our schools top dog. Needless to say no one would dare cross Jameson and all the guys are fully aware I am not to be messed with. Not that they could do much. I am 5'10" and black belt in taekwondo. I am confident I could take anyone on. Well almost anyone. I mean don't send a sumo wrestler or The Rock after me. I'm talking about defending myself against normal assailants. That I can totally do.  
I head upstairs as I couldn't find Kellan downstairs (in or outside the house). Once I'm on the second floor, I carefully open each door as I don't want to disturb the private parties taking place inside them. As I open the bathroom door I am shocked at what I see.
"What the hell Brianna! Please don't stop at my account. I am sure Kellan still needs to come and based on how naked you are I am sure you still would like to be fucked" I am shocked, beyond pissed and repulsed! I cannot believe them! Brianna has been by my side since she moved to Woodburn back in first grade. She was this shy little girl whom I took under my wing. I know she fools around, but never in a million years did I think she would actually go after Kellan. I mean he is incredibly hot and I am not stupid I see the way the other girls look at him, but I didn't think he would cheat on me.  Especially since he claims he's been in love with me for six years now.
After being friends since we were kids, I finally gave us a chance to be a couple seven months ago. I can't comprehend how after waiting for me for so long he has decided to do this now!
They are both talking at once and I see Kellan's pushing her away while putting his dick back in his pants, but I am not listening to either one of them. I am done with them both and I don't care about their stupid explanations. To make matters worse, I see we have an audience and I am sure some people have recorded this little party. That pisses me off even more. Great, now we'll be added to the YouTube drama files. 
I break through the crowd and head back downstairs as calm and collected as possible. I am not one to cry or trash things. That just is not how I roll. I can see the disappointed looks on a few people that clearly don't know me. They were expecting a bitch fight and are bummed about not getting one. I am not a violent person by nature, but if you look for me you'll find me. I won't run away or back down from a confrontation. However, I do choose my battles and that one back there is not worth fighting for. As I am almost at the bottom of the stairs I see Jameson. I can read the concern in his eyes and I nod letting him know I'm okay. What I do need right now is to get the hell out of here and breathe some fresh air. I see someone holding a bottle of water and it looks unopened. I take it from the girl and she's about to complain; however, she sees the look on my face and shuts up. I'm glad she's smart enough to let it go since I was drinking that bottle regardless. 
By now everyone must have heard or seen the video as they part for me to walk through. I chuckle thinking this must be what Moses felt like when he walked through the Red Sea. I am standing outside looking at the stars when a strong arm envelops me. I don't even have to look to know who it is. "Hey Jameson" 
"Hey butterfly this party blows and I'm starving" I simply nod and follow him. This is why I love Jameson. Why he's my best friend. Jameson always knows what I need without having to ask. We head towards his Escalade with Paul and Sean right behind us. They both sit in the back while Derek and a few other guy's head towards Derek's pickup truck and follow us to Jerry's Burgers. It's 11:30pm and the place is empty when we arrive. However, I'm sure as soon as people at the party realize Jameson and the guys have left, they'll figure out where they went and this place will be packed in no time. 
We sit in a booth at the back of the place and the guys attach the table next to it as we won't all fit. Even though there's seven of us we need much more space than normal as these guys are all huge. They are all part of the football varsity team- which means they are all big with the shortest being six-foot-one. The moment we sit they begin talking about football and girls- which I am glad for since I have no desire to talk about Kellan or Brianna. I can't help thinking how people always told me she was a slut and they could not understand how I was her friend, but I never thought she would betray me like this. 
Jameson's sitting next to me with his arm around my shoulder. He gives me a little squeeze bringing me back to reality before he lowers his head and whispers just for me to hear. "Don't worry about my dickhead little brother. I made him go home. Him and I will have a chat (by chat he means he'll kick his ass) soon enough. I also made sure Sean talked to the kid who posted the video on YouTube. It's already been taken down and everyone deleted it from their phones" I squeeze his thigh as a way of saying thanks as I cannot speak about this yet.  
Tessa is the waitress taking care of us tonight and I smile as this distraction is just what I needed. I love seeing her expressive face the moment she notices Jameson since she's had a crush on him for the longest time. I mean the poor girl has it so bad she can barely look at him without blushing profusely.
To this day it never gets old to see the reaction girls (and women alike) have when they see him. Yup Jameson is that yummy looking. He's six-foot-four and about 220lbs of pure muscle. The guy has an eight pack for crying out loud! And as if that wasn't impressive enough, he has golden skin, amazing emerald green eyes and dark blonde straight hair that graces his shoulders. He also has a dimple on his left cheek that goes perfect with that killer smile that renders any hot blooded female speechless. I may be nearly immune to his prowess, but I am not blind.  After all, Jameson has been my best friend since I was five and he was seven. This enough time for me to build up my defenses against his prowess, charm and awesomeness. 
I've always been tough and I never liked playing with dolls. I remember the first time Jameson and I played together. It was when grandma bought me my first bike. I was riding it in front of my house when I fell down. Jameson and Kellan were playing with their cars and soldiers in front of their yard and when Jameson noticed that I fell, he came over and helped me up. Afterwards, Jameson looked at me expectantly as he waited for me to cry (like most girls would), but instead of crying I asked if I could go back and play with them. That was the beginning of our friendship.
   
CHAPTER TWO
 
 
It's Monday morning and I am debating whether to ask grandma to take me to school or just riding my bike there. Either option will be weird as I've been catching a ride to school with Chloe O'Brien since I became friends with her sons. Once Kellan and I made it to high school, Chloe was no longer in chauffeur duty as we rode to school with Jameson. However, after what happened at the party on Saturday night I don't want to ride to school with Kellan. I put on my jeans, a graphic t-shirt, boots and grab my leather jacket before heading downstairs to eat breakfast. As I am downing my sausage, egg and cheese sandwich my phone vibrates. 
J: Hey butterfly, r u ready?
me: yup, just finishing breakfast
J: good. b ready to leave in 15
me: will do, ty!
J: np 
I drink some OJ and head back upstairs to brush my teeth and grab my bag. I knock on grandma's door and open it slowly. "Bye grandma. I'm off to school" She doesn't reply- which means she must have fallen asleep pretty late. Grandma's a painter and sometimes she's inspired really late at night or very early in the morning, depending on how you see it. When that happens, she doesn't sleep until she is done so I am sure she went to bed not too long ago.
It's only grandma AKA Cynthia Tyler and me. Grandpa died when I was 2 years old and Cheryl Tyler -my mom- died when I was seven. Her death didn't really impact me as we barely saw each other. Cheryl lived in Salem when she got pregnant. As soon as I was born she brought me to Woodburn to stay with my grandparents as "she wasn't mature enough to be a mother"
I saw Cheryl three times a year max: for my birthday, Thanksgiving and/or Christmas so when I learned she died it didn't really phased me. That might make me seem cold, but it's the truth. Cheryl even asked to be cremated so there is not even a place for me to go and place flowers at (not that I would do that regularly anyways).
To everyone else, Cheryl Tyler was a full time flight attendant working for a major airline. Because of her work, she couldn't take care of me. In reality, she was a high end stripper. By high end I mean she danced at very expensive clubs that catered to the rich and powerful. Cheryl was truly beautiful and it doesn't surprise me she capitalized on her looks to get ahead and make money. I am sure she was really sought after based on the number of years she stripped.
Who is my father and where is he you might ask. Well he never knew I existed and I have no intention of ever looking for him. Oh I know who he is as my mother named him on my birth certificate and gave me a picture of him. Heck, I have googled him a couple of times over the years out of pure curiosity. I remember the first picture of him I ever saw. It was shocking the uncanny resemblance between us: light golden skin, black hair and even the same baby blue eyes. Okay Alessandra. What's up with this pointless train of thought?
I go outside and notice Jameson's already waiting for me in front of my house. I take a second and discreetly look inside his Escalade and I am glad when I don't see Kellan. "Don't worry about him. He's riding to school with Pete" Pete's Kellan's best friend and I thank my lucky stars that Pete has a car. I am relieved Kellan is not here as I am still not ready to speak with him. 
We drive by Lava Java and grab a couple of cappuccinos and a foot long sandwich for Jameson before we head to school. He already had breakfast at home, but he eats twice as much as any other person I know. To this day it's still a mystery to me where all of that food goes.
Jameson parks at his usual spot- which it shouldn't come as a surprise that it is the best spot on the entire student lot parking as its right by the main entrance. It doesn't have his name or anything but everyone knows that is his spot and no one dares take it, or the three spots right next to it for that matter as they are reserved for Derek, Sean and Peter.
The rest of the guys are already here and are standing by Derek's Range Rover. I never tired of seeing the pull these guys have on people. They are always surrounded by crowds. Guys want to be like them and girls want to be with them- especially Jameson- yet he always turns them down. Jameson doesn't do teenage girls. He only goes out with college girls. However, this never stops the vast majority of girls in this school from trying to be the lucky one who catches Jameson O'Brien's' attention. Even if it's only enough to land them a kiss! 
There's even a pool going around and last I heard it was up to $3200! These girls clearly have too much money and free time in their hands. Sometimes I feel like telling Jameson about the pool and having him say yes to one of them so we could take the money and split it. But I know he wouldn't do it. Just like I also know these girls want the bragging rights that would follow along any one of them who manages to get that close and personal with Jameson. They all dream about being the only girl in Woodburn High who can say she dated, made out or even kissed Jameson O'Brien. I think that would be enough to bring that said girl to nearly superstar status! It amuses me and it pisses me off that they want to use him that way. Jameson is much more than a pretty face and a wonderful body. He's smart, funny, caring, loyal and fearless. He truly is the total package and anyone who doesn't realize or value this doesn't deserve him.
We come out of his SUV and head towards our group of friends. The rest of the students standing nearby part for us to walk through and we take our places by Derek and Sean. The guys give each other their respective man hugs and fist pumps while I simply smile and nod at them. Once the greetings are over, everything goes back to normal: the guys keep talking while the girls keep flirting and trying to catch their attention. And me? Well I just tune everyone out and drink my coffee. 
I sense someone's staring at me and I scout the yard searching for the perpetrator when I see Brianna shooting daggers at me with her eyes. Why the hell is she pissed? I should be the one shooting daggers at her! I keep looking at her intently. Basically letting her know it's her call whatever happens from this point forward. She must decide now isn't the best time to act as she turns around and heads inside the building. I chuckle as I notice she looks even sluttier than usual today with her barely there skirt, white super tight tank top and a scarlet red bra. Knowing her she's going for the kill with Kellan. 
Good luck going after Kellan I think to myself and simply shake my head. Jameson bumps my arm wanting to know what that was about, but I don't tell him. If I do, he'll just get upset and Brianna isn't worth it. Besides, I want it all to play out. I want to see what happens between her and Kellan today. I look up again and I see Kellan, Pete, Johnny and Steven coming towards us. Jameson has seen them as well and slightly shakes his head letting his brother know not to come. Jameson does it without catching the group's attention as there's no need for people around us to know he doesn't want his brother here right now. Kellan pleads with his eyes as he doesn't want to be shunned. Jameson looks at me asking if I feel okay with Kellan being here and I nod. I don't mind. 
Jameson nods as well and Kellan walks towards us and his friends follow suit. I am glad he knows better than to stand next to me because I am still pissed and I wouldn't mind kicking his ass. Thinking about the entire nonverbal conversation that went on between the three of us I smile. It's amazing how well Jameson, Kellan and I know and understand each other. I mean we had an entire conversation with our eyes and the slightest of head movements. The more I think about it the more I become irritated about how stupid it would be to loose each other over a blowjob. Above all, Kellan is family to me and even if anything romantic died between us last Saturday night, I still want him in my life. 
 
  
CHAPTER THREE
 
 
We head inside school and everyone goes their separate ways. Jameson and most of the guys are seniors while Kellan, Pete and I are sophomores. At this moment I am regretting not taking those AP classes as I have some classes with both Kellan and Brianna. I brace myself knowing today will definitely be difficult.
I go to my locker and groan when I think about lunchtime. Ever since we've been friends we have all been sitting together. Of course that won't be the case as of today. On a positive note, at least I get along with pretty much everyone and I know finding another table to sit at won't be a problem. Brianna on the other hand won't be as lucky. She has crossed too many girls by making out with their boyfriends. I don't think she'll have much to look forward to come lunchtime. 
I head towards English and when I see an open desk towards the front of the class I take it. I believe Susie Summers sits here. Just my luck! Sunny Susie has had a crush on Kellan since third grade. I am sure she'll be thrilled to sit next to him today. When she walks in finally looking up and sees me, she's startled to say the least. "Hey Alessandra, what are you doing in my seat?"
"Hey Susie, I'm going to sit here for the next couple of days. You wouldn't mind sitting next to Kellan for me would you?" Her eyes open up like flying saucers and she blushes a bright fire engine shade of red. "Sit...next...to...Kellan" she repeats nearly hyperventilating. Jeez I knew she had a crush on him, but I never thought it was this bad. He is rather handsome with his chocolate brown eyes and dark brown hair. I stand up and hold her hand. "Breathe, Susie, breathe. It's only Kellan and remember is for just a few days. Simply act normal okay" She looks at me like she's lost- that is until she gathers her wits and snickers back at me. "Only Kellan, yeah right. That's easy for you to say. I mean he's your boyfriend and you are Jameson's best friend. The rest of us aren't as lucky to be as close to the Dreamy Brothers as you are" Susie then covers her mouth clearly shocked that she said all that out loud. 
I don't say anything to her comment as she is right. I am close to them and I don't see them as near celebrities like the rest of the student population does. To me, they are just Jameson and Kellan, my next door neighbors and best friends. Within moments Kellan walks in stopping when he notices me sitting in the front of the class. He looks at our usual seats at the back and realizes Susie has taken over for me. I can see it in his face that he wants to come and say something to me, but he must have decided against it. Probably not wanting to cause more drama than he already has. I mean even though Jameson took care of the video proof of our little exchange at Shady's house people still gossip and everyone knows about what happened on Saturday night.
Brianna comes in next and quickly takes everything in. As soon as she realizes where I decided to sit, she smiles brightly. In her mind, this distancing between Kellan and I will make things easier for her to catch his attention. Well she's in for a rude awakening. Knowing Kellan like I do, there's no way he'll be with her. No matter how hard she tries. 
 **
The rest of the classes I share with them go the same way. I get to class first, find a new seat and the displaced girl is more than happy to take my place next to Kellan. In fact, word must have spread out and by my last period before lunchtime I had three girls who sit in the front row offer their seats to me the moment I walked inside the classroom. While things were running smooth for me they got really difficult for Brianna as she found herself being late to every class making it impossible for her to sit next to Kellan. I may have something to do with running interference for her, but she doesn't need to know that. I want to place some distance between Kellan and I for a few days, not annoy him to death by allowing Brianna to sit next to him and harass the guy all day.
Lunchtime is next and I head towards my locker to place my books inside of it when Stephanie Richardson and Serena Williams (nope, not the tennis player) stand next to my locker. They are the sophomore barbies or SBs and I can tell they are here on official business as their minions aren't with them. I close my locker and give them my undivided attention. When I realize they are waiting for me to greet them I happily do so to get this over with. "Stephanie, Serena, what brings you here?" 
"I like you Alessandra Powell. You are fashionable and never fake. You always speak your mind and get along with everyone" I look at Stephanie and she must clearly read that while it's pleasant to hear her accolades I know they didn't approach me to boost my ego. "I am sorry for what happened on Saturday, but I can't say I am surprised as we all know Brianna's a slut. Not only that, but everyone knows she has always been envious of you. It was only a matter of time before she betrayed your trust" 
I know all this and I know this is not what they came to say. I am hungry and I want to wrap this up. "Stephanie, all though everything you just said is true. I know that is not what you came to say. Just get to it please"
Before they can speak, an arm snakes itself around my waist and its owner flushes me to his strong body. Prior to me being able to look up and see who it is the guy brings his head down and kisses my neck. "Alessandra, I hear you are single now. Let me take you out on Saturday" I know that voice belongs to no other than Todd Iverson. He's the junior's class bigwig. I call him Thor as he looks just like the Marvel super hero. 
"Hello to you too Todd. I'll think about it, okay?" Todd grins, kisses my neck again and squeezes my waist before he releases me. "I expect an answer by Thursday" are his parting words prior to joining his friends who waited for him a few lockers down. 
The sophomore girls are all looking at the three of them like they are something to eat. They are all batting their lashes and flipping their hair- clearly trying to catch their attention- yet the three junior hunks ignore them all. 
Stephanie and Serena have their mouths open- which is an impressive feat on its own.  After they compose themselves Stephanie looks at me. "How do you do that? You are the only girl in this school that's close to Jameson O'Brien. The only one he's friends with. Also, you were the only one who dated Kellan- even though most girls were after him for years. You are barely single again and Todd Iverson leaves junior quarters and slums to ours solely to talk to you and ask you out! How do you do it?" I guess she didn't realize as her level of irritation increased so did her voice level. Towards the end she was talking so loud everyone around us stopped whatever they were doing and listened to everything she said. 
What should I do? How honest should I be? Whether they agree with me or not I think guys are tired of fake, clingy girls. They want someone real. Someone who wants to be with them for THEM and not for who they are or what they do. And on worse instances, what they can do for their girl. Furthermore, guys don't want jealous, insecure girls who are always fishing for complements and reassurance that they aren't fat or that they look good in whatever it is that they are wearing. Unfortunately, that's what most of these girls are about making them great for hookups, but not for serious relationships. I decide against answering her question all together. I simply shrug and head towards the cafeteria knowing full well she won't like my answer should I give it to her. 
Once inside, I look around deciding where I'll sit. I didn't realize the SBs were walking right behind me until they tell me I can sit with them if I like. Sure why not? Until I decide what to do I might as well sit with them. I head towards the line and pick up a grilled chicken Caesar salad, a slice of cheese pizza and a bottle of water. What? I am a big girl and I love to eat. Don't judge my appetite or food choices. 
I head towards the SBs and realize theirs is a great table as I have front row seats to my old one. After I begin to eat Brianna comes into the cafeteria, grabs her meal and sits down at our old table. After she's there for about a minute, Kellan and his friends walk inside. They are talking and have not seen Brianna yet. As they head towards their table, Kellan comes to a stop when he sees her. I look around and no one is eating or doing anything else at this time. Everyone is too intrigued waiting to find out what will happen in the next chapter of the Kellan/Brianna/Alessandra soap opera. 
Kellan crosses his arms as he sneers at her. "What the fuck are you doing here?" He uses his don't fuck with me tone - which is solely seen when he's super pissed. Brianna looks taken by his comment, but quickly comes back with as much confidence as she can pull. "What do you mean Kellan? I've always sat here with you guys. You know that" she says it in what I can only assume is her most sexy voice. Hell, she even tries to touch him and he immediately steps further away. Kellan then brings his head down looking at her intently. "The only reason you ever sat here was because of Alessandra. Otherwise, you would have NEVER been allowed to sit here" he gives it a second in order for that to sink in before he continues. "I don't want you at this table. Move or I'll move you" 
"Don't be like that Kellan. You and I can be great together. I can give you everything you need. I know Alessandra never had sex with you. And you are a man with needs. I can rock your world" 
WTF! Did she really say THAT in front of everyone?! That bitch. I should deep fry her skinny ass. However, I remain calm and keep my poker face on. I won't give anything away. Let all the spectators determine whether she's lying or not. I know Kellan won't say anything. 
"Did I not make myself clear? LEAVE" He looks at Pete - who's really the crazy one in the group. I mean we don't call him Crazy Pete for nothing. But before Pete can do anything Brianna realizes she won't win this battle and decides to promptly get up and leave. As she stands, she looks around the cafeteria and I am sure it dawns on her that no one will allow her to sit with them, so she throws her lunch in the garbage and runs out of the cafeteria.
Kellan searches around until he finds me. I can read him as clear as he can read me, and it pains me to see regret and guilt painted on his beautiful face and even though my heart breaks, I cannot forgive him yet. 







  
CHAPTER FOUR
 
 Tuesday was a repeat performance of Monday. Brianna wore an even skimpier outfit and Kellan did not even give her the time of day. During lunch, she tried to sit down with him again. But this time there was no warning. Crazy Pete did his thing and spilled soda all over her. 
Wednesday, Brianna sat alone at Exile. That's the name we gave to the table by the garbage cans since no one sits there unless they have to because it simply stinks. 
Today Brianna isn't in the cafeteria. She either decided to eat at the library or left school to eat elsewhere. We normally don't leave during lunchtime because it takes too long to drive to and from anywhere decent- which makes it nearly impossible not to be late on our way back. 
I laugh as I remember going to Lava Java this morning. Xander was there- which is rare these days as he goes to Salem State University or SSU.  Now that he's in college he barely works at the coffee shop any longer and is usually there only when his father truly needs him. This morning Xander invited me out for Friday night and I accepted. I always thought he's a nice guy and he's cute. Now that I'm single I can go on a date and test the waters. 
I am standing by my locker putting my books away to head home for the day when a strong arm snakes its way around my waist. By now I know this is Todd's signature move. "Hey beautiful. It's Thursday and I've come for my answer. What time should I pick you up on Saturday?" At this moment it occurs to me that no one else has asked me out. Not that they have to of course. But I've noticed the look a couple of guys have sent my way. You know the look that clearly indicates they want to ask you out, yet for some unknown reason decide not to.
"Hey Todd, did you make sure no one else asked me out?" He looks at me and laughs. "You noticed that huh. No, it wasn't me. Word is Jameson told everyone to back off and let you breathe so that's what the guys are doing" I give him a look that he reads correctly as me smiles. "I don't play by the rules baby. That's why I'm here" Single and testing the waters. Remember? "Alright Todd. I'll be ready by 8pm."
"Great. We'll have fun beautiful. You'll see" he kisses my neck and joins his buddies as he heads back to their quarters. After I close my locker and leave, I realize that Kellan saw the whole thing and looks pissed. However, he can't say anything as we are no longer dating. I ignore him and head towards the library to get a head start on my homework while the guys have football practice. Normally I would be at the bleachers watching them play, but I don't feel like doing my usual things yet. Especially being out there on the field since both Jameson and Kellan play on our team. Jameson is our star wide receiver and Kellan is our second quarterback. Leroy, our QB, is already a senior and I am sure Kellan will take his place come next year. 
Jameson texted me letting me know he'll be ready in 10 minutes. I instantly gather my books and head towards the parking lot when the SBs approach me again. After all, they are nothing if not persistent. I don't say anything as I'll just hear them out. "Alessandra, are you going to go out with Todd Iverson Saturday?" 
"Are you serious? I know you guys didn't come here to ask me that. Please get to the point as my ride will be leaving soon" They don't look too happy about my bluntness, but I have no patience for their fake pleasantries at this time. 
"Very well then we will cut to the chase. I want you to introduce me to Jameson. And Serena wants to date Kellan. We figure out of respect to you we would tell you before she went for it" Of course. I knew them seeking me out had to do with the O'Brien brothers. 
"Listen, I have nothing to do with Kellan. Serena if he likes you and wants to date you I've got no problem with that. I appreciate you being honest and letting me know, but it's entirely up to him" she smiles as I give her my blessing to go all out. Now I face the leader of the pack. "Stephanie, you've lived here your whole life. I am sure you know Jameson. Why do you want me to introduce you?"
 Now that I've put her on the spot she looks nervous- which very unlike her. "Well I've ran into him of course at parties and whatnot, but he doesn't seem to remember me whenever I approach him" I hold by my laughter as she sounds bewildered. It's like no man should be able to resist her. Seriously? Who does she think she is? Anyways, I know she's not done so I listen to whatever else she needs to say. "I was thinking that if you were to introduce us then he'll really look at me and I would have a shot at him" I look at her further and that's when it clicks.
 "How much did you bet?"
"Excuse me?" She wants to play dumb now?
"You heard me. How much?" She looks embarrassed to say. "$3800"
Holy shit that's a lot of money just to land one date with Jameson. I don't know why but I take pity on her. "Listen, I'll see what I can do, but I do not promise anything. Okay?" She beams with happiness and I feel like repeating that I am not guaranteeing anything.  I say goodbye before they can recover and talk some more. Afterwards, I head towards the Escalade and curse when I notice Jameson is already there waiting for me and ready to go so I quickly climb inside.
"What was that about?" he says nodding towards the SBs and I laugh. "Platinum blonde Barbie wants to date you and light blonde Barbie wants to date Kellan" he simply shakes his head and doesn't even care to respond. Yup there goes her money along with everyone else's who dared dream about dating Jameson. I wonder how long the pool organizers will allow this to go on for before they realize no one will ever win. 





















 
CHAPTER FIVE
 
 
"Alessandra. Are you nearly ready dear? It's almost 7:30pm and your date will be here any minute now" 
"Yes grandma I'm ready". I love grandma. She's really cool- which allows for me to be open and honest with her. She knows all about Kellan and Brianna. She also knows about my two dates this weekend.
I remember how grandma was not happy when I told her Kellan and I had given each other oral sex. In fact, she nearly had a heart attack. Thankfully, she quickly recovered as I assured her there was no intercourse. Soon after that she took me to the doctor and I got a contraceptive shot. Grandma said it was to make sure I was prepared. Just in case that "due to the heat of the moment" things escalated. Then she went on and told me how she wasn't ready to be a great grandma yet. 
Moments later the doorbell chimes and grandma heads to open the door while I look at myself one last time before meeting my date. I added soft waves to my long black hair and actually wore some makeup. I put on a bit of peach blush, some shimmery eye shadow as well as two coats of mascara. I wore a light blue dress with sandals and my leather jacket.  Overall, I think I did a good job. 
I head towards the door and I see grandma holding two bouquets. One has some beautiful calla lilies- which are my grandma's favorite flowers. That makes me happy as Xander definitely did his homework to impress her. The other bouquet has light lavender colored roses- which are my favorite. I take them from her and inhale their delicious fragrance. I simply love the smell of fresh flowers. 
"Young man, these flowers are beautiful. Thank you" grandma goes into the kitchen and places her flowers in a vase.
"Now what time can I expect my granddaughter to be back?" Leave it to grandma to go back to business.
"Ma'am you are most welcome. We are going to La Cantina Restaurant followed by a visit to Showcase Cinemas to watch a movie. We should be back no later than midnight" Grandma nods in agreement while she fixes her flowers. "Excellent. I will see you later my dear. Have fun" she says as I hug and kiss her goodbye. 
Once in front of his car Xander opens the passenger door of his Mercedes for me. As I sit I really look at him noticing how great he looks tonight. He is about 6 feet tall with a lean swimmers body. He has beautiful light blue eyes and dark blonde hair that's just long enough to run your fingers through it. He's wearing beige trousers with a light blue shirt that matches his eyes. And best of all, he smells amazing. As he comes around and takes his seat I look at him once more and smile.
"What?"
"Nothing. You look very handsome tonight"
"Well you look mesmerizing Alessandra. You take my breath away" after that he takes my left hand and kisses it. I think he'll release it after that kiss. Instead, he laces our fingers together and places our joined hands on my thigh. We talk about anything and everything on our way to my favorite Mexican restaurant. Once we are inside La Cantina and have taken our seats I ask: "How did you know about both types of flowers as well as this place?" He simply laughs, places his arm around me and brings me closer to him as we are seated in a booth next to each other. "When I want something I do my due diligence" He grins and I laugh at his honest answer. Now he looks serious and plays with my hair before he continues.  "Alessandra, I've liked you for some time now" I look at him surprised since I wasn't expecting him to say that. "You have?" 
He smiles and caresses my cheek with the back of his hand. "You are different from the other girls I know. You don't care about money, power, social status or any of the other crap girls are usually into. Plus, you are honest and speak your mind. I like that. I respect that" I can't help to give the biggest smile I got and he chuckles in return. "Then I heard you were single and I had to ask you out. Once you agreed to go out with me I asked around and found out a few things about you and your grandma. That's all" I smile and appreciate his sincerity and resourcefulness. He truly went out of his way to make this evening memorable.  
Next, Xander gazes into my eyes and then looks at my lips silently asking for permission to kiss me. I wonder for a second what it would feel like to kiss him. In all honesty, Kellan is the only guy I've ever kissed. Not wanting to think about it further I give my consent. Xander gets closer and closer ever so slowly. And when our lips meet it feels? different. His lips are soft and he tastes like mint and lemonade. It's different yet nice. However, he pulls away so quickly I can't really decide whether I liked it or not. He reads the question in my eyes and caresses my cheek once again.
"Don't worry Alessandra. That was just our first kiss. If you'll have me, I want to kiss you more before the end of the night" There's no malice in his eyes, just desire to please me and I smile. 
Our meals arrive and we talk between bites. I learn about him as I ask things I didn't know.  For instance, I find out he lives alone in a small studio in Salem 10 minutes away from SSU where he studies International Law and is part of its swim team.  I also learn he likes to play the guitar and has a 12 year old brother and a 15 year old sister who live in Salem with his mom.
Once we are done at La Cantina we walked to the movie theater holding hands the entire time. I came to the conclusion that it feels nice to be with Xander.  We are quite natural together. At the movies, we choose an action film as I am not a fan of romantic movies- which surprises him. We scope the room and elect to sit at the back in a secluded corner and let's just say I learned more about Xander's lips and tongue than I did about the actual film. Towards the end, I was thrilled as I was finally able to run my fingers through his hair and as a bonus I roamed his surprisingly strong chest.  While he let me touch and explore his upper body not once did he inappropriately try to touch me. 
"I had a wonderful time Xander. Thank you for everything" I say honestly once he brings me back home. 
"My pleasure Alessandra. I wish to see you again soon"
"Yes, I wish to see you too. We'll be in touch, okay?" I give him a quick kiss and head inside. I know grandma is up waiting for me and I don't want her to come outside and get me. The moment I open the front door I notice she's sitting down in the living room and I tell her everything about tonight. She's happy for me and she seems to like Xander- which in turn makes me happy as I think there can be something between us. But only time will tell.
 
 
 
CHAPTER SIX
 
 
Today is Saturday which means I have to clean the house, do laundry and finish my homework before I can even begin to think about getting ready for my date with Todd. As usual, grandma went to get her hair and nails done before heading to the market to pick up our groceries for the week.
Since Todd and I decided to go bowling instead of the movies he'll be here at 7pm. It felt wrong going to the movies with Todd after my make out session with Xander.
It is only 4pm and I am glad to know I still have time to join Chloe in our standing Saturday tradition- which consists of us baking a few pies together. Today we are baking an apple and a cherry pie. While we are in the kitchen together I notice how hard it is for her not to ask. I am sure she's trying not to pry, but I know it's killing her not to be able to ask if I am getting back together with Kellan. Chloe has been like a second mother to me and I do love her. And honestly, what's not to love? I mean Chloe O'Brien is generous, loving, selfless and a great cook.
Recently, I have realized she wants me to be part of her family. I mean like I eventually marry one of her sons. It doesn't matter whether I end up with Kellan or Jameson as long as it's one of them. I'm not making this up. I have heard her say it a few times before. I wonder why she wants me in her family. Is it because she's known me my entire life and knows I love her sons? I honestly don't know and I won't ask so we keep working on our pies. 
As soon as the pies are ready I kiss Chloe in the cheek. "Bye Chloe. I'll see you tomorrow night for dinner" I don't give her a chance to ask any questions as I am already heading back home to make myself presentable for my date with Todd. 
It's 11pm and I am back home. Tonight was fun. We had a blast at bowling and Todd won. No surprise there as I suck at bowling. Afterwards, we went to Vinny's Italian restaurant for dinner and at the end of the night Todd and I kissed. Unfortunately for him I felt nothing after our kiss. At the end of night I knew Todd and I were definitely a one-time deal.
 ****
 It's 9am on Sunday morning and grandma's driving us to the country club. We are members not because we could afford it, but because grandpa was best friends with the club founder and we were granted free lifetime access to the place. However, today I am here as an employee. I'm a country club lifeguard on Sundays during the school year and fulltime during the summer. This is a great gig as lifeguards are needed all year long since the country club has both outdoor and heated indoor pools. Therefore, there is always a place for the members to swim- and a way for me to make some money to pay for my cellphone bill and any other personal items.
Grandma heads towards the main restaurant as she will join her friends for breakfast while I head towards the locker rooms to get ready for my 10am shift. As I walk out of the girl's locker room I notice Kellan is coming out from his side as well ready for his shift since he's also a lifeguard here. I look at my watch and I see we still have 15 minutes before our shift begins. I take advantage of the time we've got as we need to talk, so I grab his hand and pull us aside for some privacy.
"Kellan" I get to say when he stops me. "No, Alessandra let me. I know what I did was incredibly stupid and you cannot begin to understand how bad I feel" he runs his hand through his hair- which is something he does when he's nervous. "I went to the kitchen to get our drinks, as I told you I would. But then I started thinking about how hot you looked that night and my dick got rock hard. I knew we weren't doing anything that night and I was okay with that" He paces a bit and exhales. "Fuck! This is so hard to talk to you about" I grab his hand trying to show him that I want him to talk. I want him to explain himself and get it off his chest.
"I was hard as steel and I knew I just couldn't go back to you like that. So I headed upstairs and went into the bathroom to jerkoff. What I didn't realize was that Brianna had followed me. In my hastiness to get off and return to the game room, I must have left the door unlocked. I had my eyes closed while I was jerking off thinking about you when she came inside the bathroom. With my eyes closed and all the noise from the party I swear I didn't hear her come in. Suddenly, I felt lips on the tip of my dick and that jolted me awake" he laughs dryly as he painfully recalls that night.
"I was happy thinking it was you who had followed me in. Then when I opened my eyes and saw it was her, I was shocked" Kellan grabs my hands and looks at me pleadingly. "You know me Alessandra and you know I am not a cheater. I would have never sought her out or asked her to blow me. I've loved you pretty much all my life. It took me five years to get you and only five seconds to lose you. It's just so fucking unfair!"
I look into his eyes and I know he's telling me the truth, but I am not ready to take him back. What I can do is comfort him and show him I want him in my life. Therefore, I give him a hug and he hugs me back placing his head on my shoulder and kissing it. This embrace confirms what I have known all along: Kellan feels like home and regardless of what happened I still want him in my life.
"Kellan, I believe you and I know it was Brianna's fault. Nonetheless, I can't get the image of her naked and going down on you. Perhaps in time we can be together again, but not now" I look into his beautiful eyes and place my hand on his face. "I know that is not what you wanted to hear. I am truly sorry this happened to us. I love you and I'll always want you in my life. Right now it can only be as friends. That's the best I can offer today"
Kellan immediately holds me- even tighter than before. "I am not going to say I am not pissed at myself for not realizing it was Brianna and not kicking her bony ass out of the bathroom the moment I opened my eyes and saw her. I love you and I would rather have your friendship than not have you in my life at all. You are part of me and I need you. Just know that I'll wait for you for as long as it takes. I dream about us being together forever Alessandra" I don't say anything as I don't know what the future holds, but with the way I am feeling right now I honestly doubt our forever will ever come. 
After that emotional conversation, I head towards the kiddie pool where I am stationed for the day, and Kellan goes to the main pool where I am not surprised to see Brianna already nearby waiting for the pool to open. She is very persistent and clearly delusional if she thinks she has a shot with Kellan. Next, I can't help but laugh when I see the SBs making their grand entrance and heading towards the main pool as well.
Oh boy. Poor Kellan. Today will be a long day for him. I can already see them fighting for Kellan's attention. This will most definitely be interesting to watch.
 ****
 Grandma and I already had dinner with the O'Brien's and as always Chloe's meal was delicious. Over the course of the meal I noticed how Chloe kept eyeing the empty seat and it pains me to see how much Chloe misses her husband Dr. Timothy O'Brien. He works for Doctors without Borders (DWB). Therefore, he's barely ever home as he's out saving lives in third world countries.
It's 9pm when grandma and I head back home. I still need to put away the laundry though. I'll do it while grandma gets ready to paint the town with her girlfriends. I love how she has a life of her own. It wasn't fair for Cheryl to dump me at her mother's doorstep and make her raise me. Then the fact that she became a widow so young and has been alone since worries me. I mean grandma is only 47 years old and she's quite attractive. She deserves happiness and love.
"Hey grandma, wear something sexy tonight. Maybe you'll meet Mr. Right and bring him home with you" 
"Nonsense child! I am too old to think about love"
"Oh grandma, first of all you are not too old. You are a beautiful, vibrant woman and who said anything about love? It can be purely physical" I say as I wiggle my eyebrows for added effect. "If you are afraid of commitment just have a casual fling so your girly parts don't dry out" she seems shocked for a moment before she walks back to me and smacks my arm playfully.
 "I'll be back by midnight. Don't wait up for me. Okay? Tomorrow's a school day and you need to be rested. Martha's picking me up tonight as it's my turn to drink a few margaritas!" I laugh as grandma loves her margaritas and when it's her turn to drink grandma always gets home past her self- imposed curfew. 
"No problem grandma. I'll be in bed by 10:30pm. Have fun and I'll see you in the morning"
 "I love you Alessandra"
"I love you too grandma. Have fun!" I tell her as we hug before she leaves. 
 
 
CHAPTER SEVEN
 
 
I wake up and I feel parched. I look at the clock and its 2am. I head towards the kitchen in order to quench my thirst, but first I look into grandma's room and realize she's not there. Perhaps she did find a guy tonight and decided to stay with him rather than bring him here. I am in the kitchen drinking some water when there's a knock on the door.
"Grandma, did you forget your keys?" I say as I open the door yet it is not grandma waiting for me to open up. There's two guys who look a lot like detectives looking at me.
"Good evening Miss. Are you related to Ms. Cynthia Tyler?" 
"I am Alessandra Powell. Cynthia Tyler is my grandmother"
"Is there an adult with you?"
"No, it's only my grandma and me. What's going on? Where's grandma?" They don't answer my questions. Instead, they ignore everything I just said and continue with their own questioning.
"Is there an adult you can call Miss Powell?"
"We can go next door to see Chloe O'Brien, my neighbor. She is the closest thing I have to a relative" they nod and I lead the way to Chloe's house. I ring the bell and wait for her to wake up and open the door.  When Chloe opens u and takes in the scene of me accompanied by two police officers, she awakens and quickly allows us to come inside her home. 
"Officers, what's going on?" 
"Mrs. O'Brien, I am officer Stevens and this is my partner officer Thompson. Can we talk privately with you?" Chloe looks at me but I vigorously shake my head.
"No way. You came to say something about my grandmother and I demand to hear what you have to say" The officers give up and let me stay in the room before they continue. "We are sorry to inform you that Mrs. Cynthia Tyler was involved in a car accident earlier this evening and was pronounced dead at the scene"
The officer pauses to allow us time to sort of process this earth shattering news, yet I cannot quite understand it. I know what he is saying. Nevertheless, I cannot believe it. "NO! THAT'S NOT TRUE! Grandma went out with Margaret and the girls tonight and she wasn't even driving. How could she be dead?!"
Officer Thompson answers. "A Mrs. Margaret Peterson was driving the vehicle at the time of the accident. They were impacted by a drunk driver. Mrs. Peterson is at the hospital being treated at this time"
"It cannot be grandma! I want to see her!" With my shouts I must have woken up Jameson as he comes up from the basement and takes in the scene. He looks at my distraught face and immediately comes to my side and holds me. I am too shocked to assimilate anything or to even cry.
"We need someone to come with us and identify the body" Officer Thompson says. Chloe looks at me knowing full well there's no way I'll stay. "We will all go" says Jameson and we drive behind the officers as we make our way to the morgue. Chloe sat down with me in the back of the SUV and she holds me tight comforting me. Moments later we've arrived to the morgue. I take a deep breath as I am still hoping it is all a misunderstanding and it isn't grandma whose body is laying down lifeless and cold through those glass doors.
Jameson helps me out of the SUV and together we walk inside the morgue where the medical examiner awaits for us. The officers are already inside when we stand outside the room. Chloe goes in next. However, I stop for a second and take another deep breath before stepping in. We walk further in until we reach the lit room where the ME greets us and pulls back the white sheet that is covering the body that's in front of us. "Oh God! Cynthia!"  Chloe goes and cries into Jameson's chest while I remain unmoved. I feel like I'm glued to the spot where I stand. I can't do anything but look at the corpse in front of me. It looks like her yet it doesn't. If you have never seen a dead person you wouldn't understand what I'm trying to say.
Oh God. My whole world just ended as a bone chilling cold invades my body and soul as realization dawns on me...I-AM-ALL-ALONE--NOW. 
 
 
CHAPTER EIGHT
 
 
I don't recall getting back in the SUV or the drive back home. Next thing I know, I am sitting down in Chloe's kitchen holding a steaming cup of valerian tea when blackness comes for me and I eagerly welcome it.
I wake up startled hoping against all odds this was all a horrible nightmare! I jump out of bed and quickly realize I am not in my bedroom, I am in Jameson's. I look to my right and notice Jameson was laying down next to me yet I felt nothing. The few times I have slept in this room before I have felt his warmth, his comfort, but not today. Once I am able to leave the bed slowly, I carefully open the door as I don't want to wake him up and head upstairs where I find Chloe and her sister Clarissa busy in the kitchen.
"Good morning ladies" They both turn around and the pain so easily drawn on their faces confirms it wasn't a nightmare. "So it wasn't a horrible dream. Grandma did die" it came out as a whisper but they both stop what they are doing and hug me.
 ****
Today is Tuesday and it was grandma's funeral. It was a beautiful service held at the Methodist Church we used to attend. It was packed and the eulogy Chloe gave was perfect. I was asked if I wanted to say a few words, but I couldn't get myself to speak. I have yet to shed a tear and I know the moment I am left alone the flood gates will open and no damn will be able to contain it, but for now I remain nearly catatonic.
At church I sat between Kellan and Jameson and they didn't leave my side at the funeral either. Kellan had spent the weekend at Pete's and he didn't see Jameson's texts telling him what had happened to grandma until yesterday morning. All day he was beating himself up for not being there for me, but I told him not to worry as Chloe and Jameson were there. Thank God for them. 
I am back at my house for the first time since Sunday night. I had to beg everyone to leave me alone here. I need to face this alone at our house. I walk around the house and take everything in. There's so much history, so much love in this house. I go to every room but her bedroom and her sunroom where she painted as I cannot bear to see those two rooms yet.
 **** 
 It's Wednesday morning and I am still in bed even though its 10am. I was given a week off from school to cope and grieve- which I am glad for as I need to be alone. Kellan and Jameson both wanted to stay and keep me company, but I made them go to school.  Knowing Chloe I figured she would visit me at least three times a day bringing me food and making sure I eat.  Her hovering would be enough. There's no way I could deal with them two doing it as well. 
Suddenly, there's a loud knock on the door and I drag myself out of bed to go see who it is. When I open the door, I realize it's a lady I've never seen before.  Perhaps a friend of grandma who came to pay her respects? 
"Hello Alessandra, I am Miss. Ada Wade and I am a social worker. May I please come in?" I simply nod and open the door further to allow her room to come inside. 
"First of all, I am so sorry for your loss Alessandra" She says in her more empathic tone. Then she goes straight to business. "I've been appointed by the city to work with you and find you a suitable home" Suitable home? What the hell is she talking about? I've got a home! THIS is my home!
"What? What do you mean a suitable home?" she looks at me with pity now. "Well Alessandra you are still a minor and we cannot have you living alone in this house. You either have to move in with a relative or we have to bring you to a foster home" 
"How about neither? I have this house and I work on Sundays. I am sure I can support myself. I am sixteen already Miss Wade, I'm not exactly a child" I try with all my might to keep my irritation to a minimum. If I want to be treated like an adult I can't seem too immature, and yelling at her like I want to won't help me in the slightest.  
"I understand your desire to stay here and your need to make sure nothing else in your life changes. However, your income is not sufficient for you to support all of your expenses. Is there a relative you can move in with? I know your record states that your grandmother was your only living relative, but sometimes our records aren't accurate. Is there anyone else you can think of? Perhaps a distant aunt? Someone who can take you in?"
"How about my next door neighbors the O'Brien's? They are my emergency contacts after my grandma. I am sure I can stay with them" 
"That's nice and all, but they would have to petition an adoption and that takes time and money. We would have to check their backgrounds in order to make sure they are fit to become foster parents" she looks at me clearly making sure I fully understand before she continues. "There's also the time you would have to spend at a foster home until the adoption is approved. We cannot simply have you move into their home while the adoption is being validated and that process typically takes about 6 months" Why did I think it could be as simple as the O'Brien's agreeing to take me in and me packing my bags and moving in.
Then it hits me like a derailed freight train. Six months living at some crappy foster house with 20 other kids with barely any food and proper care. No fucking way! I wouldn't be able to survive that.
Then there's the background check- which I cannot submit the O'Brien's to. I mean Timothy O'Brien is a doctor. However, he doesn't really work for DWB. He's a mob doctor. More specifically he tends the Vittorino family. I found this out a few years back by mere accident. I was using their guestroom's bathroom since at the time they were remodeling their hallway bathroom. As I was coming out of the bathroom I noticed Timothy was talking in Italian with someone inside the guestroom. He was explaining how to extract a bullet.
Two days later I read on the paper that Carlogeno Vittorino had been presumably shot by the FBI during a raid. However, his body wasn't present at the scene. Needless to say Timothy didn't know I was listening to his conversation nor did he know I speak Italian. 
Ever since I was little I noticed how quickly I got bored. Because of this, grandma always had me in tons of extracurricular activities to ensure I always stayed active and didn't have time to get myself into trouble. I am fluent in Italian, Spanish and Japanese. Italian because it's my heritage. Grandma was born in Milano and came to the US with her parents when she was five years old. Spanish because it's such an important language nowadays and Japanese because I love Manga and Anime. I wanted to understand what they are saying not read the sometimes less than accurate subtitles. 
"Alessandra" oh boy I obviously spaced out thinking about my options. "Alessandra, did you hear what I said?"
"I am sorry. Can you say that again please?"
"Sure, I asked you about your father. I know he is named on your birth certificate yet there's no record of you having any contact with him on your school or medical file"
"Yes, I know my father. I actually spoke with him and we are getting together next week" Holy cow where did that huge fat lie come from! I know who he is, but I've never spoken with the guy in my life! Heck, Cheryl never told him she was pregnant. 
Miss Wade is looking at me like she knows I just lied. I better put my most convincing face as I need to pull this off. I need to buy myself some more time to come up with a plan that keeps me out of the foster care system.
 "All right, I am glad you have spoken with your father. I will come back next Tuesday. Have your father call me no later than Monday to find out when you'll be moving in with him" She stands and is about to walk out of my house when she turns around at look me straight in the eye. "Alessandra, you have until Monday to have your father call me. If he doesn't then I'll be back first thing Tuesday to take you into your designated foster home" I try not to let the panic that is violently rising within me surface before I am alone, and walk Miss Wade out.
  
 
CHAPTER NINE
 
 
I stand with my back to the door thinking about my options. Miss Wade caught me on my lie yet she gave me 5 days to talk to my father and convince him that I am his daughter and that I need his help to stay out of foster care. Seeing him won't be easy. After all, he is Alessandro Powell Governor of the great state of Oregon. I am sure scheduling an appointment to see him within the next five days will be next to impossible. I'll just have to go there and camp out of his office if I need to in order to see him. I mean, we look exactly alike. I am sure if I can get him alone for five minutes he'll believe me. 
I go next door and Timothy opens the door. He actually came as soon as he could when he found out about grandma- which was such a great surprise as this is the first time he's been home in 4 months. "Alessandra sweetie please come in"
"Thanks Tim" I say as I walk inside his home. Chloe's in the kitchen making lunch as I stand next to her. "Alessandra honey, how are you today?" I can see the concern in her beautiful brown eyes and it warms my heart. She is such a great person and I love her for caring so much about me. She hands me a sandwich and I take a bite without even bothering to find out what's in it. Honestly, it doesn't really matter what kind of sandwich it is.  Regardless, I won't be able taste it.
"I am better Chloe thanks" I might as well tell them now about Miss Wade. "I just had a visit from a social worker" this really catches their attention causing Chloe to stop making sandwiches and Tim sits next to me now. "She basically said I cannot stay home alone and if I cannot move in with a relative I needed to be shipped off to some foster care home as I am not old enough to live on my own" Next comes the hard part and I look at them both as I address them now. 
"I called my father this morning. I am meeting him tomorrow to talk about my options" They are both looking at me in a way that I know all too well as they use it with their sons often. They are trying to decipher whether I am lying or not. I do my best not to give anything away by keeping a straight face because I need to pull this off. After a while of absolute silence Chloe's the first one to speak. "That's great honey! I am glad you spoke with your father and he's meeting with you. How did you find him?"
I shrug like finding him wasn't a big deal. "Cheryl had given me his contact info. I just never felt like getting to know him. You know?" they both nod. We make small talk after that. Keeping the conversation light. Afterwards, I thanked them for lunch and headed back home to wait for grandma's attorney. I am nervous to find out what he has to say. Also, because I want to ask him about applying for emancipation and whether or not he thinks I can get it approved. 
 
****
Today's Thursday and I am up at 8am. I went online last night and looked at the Governors address and directions on how to get there. If I leave now I'll be there by 10:30am. I grab my birth certificate, wallet and some extra clothes (just in case) and I head out. As I close my door I see Jameson standing outside by his Escalade.  
"Hey butterfly, hop in. I'll take you wherever it is that you are going" he used the tone that leaves no room for negotiation and deep down I am glad not to go and do this alone. Since I don't have a car I was taking a bus and then local public transportation to get there. It will definitely be faster and more comfortable this way.
"Mom told me what you said yesterday and I've got to tell you my parents didn't believe you. Where are you really going?" 
There's no point in trying to lie to Jameson. He knows me too well. So I tell him the truth. Who my father is. How he doesn't know I exist and how I have no other choice but to convince him to call Miss Wade in order for me to stay home. We drive the rest of the way in silence until we park at the municipal building. As we head towards the elevator we see a group of students from some private school (I know it's private because of the expensive looking uniforms) touring the building. We go up to the fifth floor where the Governor's office is located and as we reach the assistant's desk a much younger lady than I had expected talks to us before we can even utter a word. "Hi! Are you the students coming from Excelsior Academy to interview the Governor?"
I cannot let this opportunity go by and I immediately say yes. The young girl encourages us to head straight inside the office as the Governor is waiting. I quickly shake my head asking Jameson to stay outside as I need to talk to the Governor alone. Once inside, I notice he's is on the phone with his back towards me. I don't sit down. I inch closer to his desk instead. Once he hangs up the phone the Governor walks towards me sporting a smile that mirrors my own whenever I do smile.
 "Hello Miss. I am Governor Alessandro Powell and you are?"
I take a deep breath as this is my chance, yet before I can say anything someone comes inside the room. I turn around and I recognize her. It is Sandra Powell- his wife.
"Darling, I am sorry to interrupt yet the intern that's supposed to be covering your front desk while Marie gets back from maternity leave is not there. I just needed to remind you that we have a lunch interview at noon with Jessie Donaldson. Also, the caterers will be here within the next 10 minutes to set everything up" 
She has been texting all this time and has not even notice the Governor is not alone. 
"I am sorry Darling, I didn't know you had company" 
I square my shoulders and look at them both. This is my one and only chance and there's no point in sugarcoating things. Oh well. Here goes nothing. "Governor, Mrs. Powell. I am here because seventeen years ago you used to frequent a gentleman's club where you regularly requested to be served by "Contessa" until you stopped going all together. I Governor am the daughter of Cheryl Tyler AKA Contessa and you are my father"
 They both sit down and looked at each other utterly shocked. Heck, I don't blame them. I would be too if it were me. "Listen, I came here today not to ask you for money or anything like that. The only reason I am here is because Cheryl died when I was seven and my grandmother- who was really my mom as I lived with her since I was born- died last week. Since I have no other relatives aside from you the social worker assigned to my case has clearly stated that if she doesn't hear from you by Monday I have to be sent to a foster home and I don't want to. I have my house that is paid off and I will be named on the deed as soon as I come of age. I also work on Sundays and I can ask for additional shifts as needed to pay for my bills" They both still looked shocked, but at least they aren't interrupting me or calling security so I continue.
"I am sure that between grandma's life insurance and what I make I can manage to stay afloat until I turn eighteen. However, the state doesn't see it that way. They claim I cannot live alone and I don't make enough money to be emancipated. My neighbors will help out in case I need it. I am only asking you to call Miss Wade and get her off my back" That sounded harsh and I curse myself for wording it that way so I sigh and look at them both again. "Look. I'll sign anything you need stating I won't go to the press or demand any money. The only reason you are finding out about me is because I am being forced to. If grandma would have died after my eighteen birthday I would have never come here. All I want is to be able to stay home" After that, I shut up and wait for him to do anything. To say anything. 
"Alessandra, I won't deny our resemblance is undeniable. Nonetheless, I cannot just take your word that you are my daughter. And most certainly I cannot just call Miss Wade and lie to her" 
  "Governor, I know this is a lot to take in. Here's Miss Wade's card. I wrote my cell number in the back. Please think it over and call me, but remember she must hear from you no later than Monday. If you cannot do this I understand. Just know that I won't leave my house and go to a foster home" 
Just then there was a knock on the door. "Governor, the caterers are already here and Miss Donaldson will be up shortly" the young assistant announces and I take that as my cue to go. I stand and shake their hands before I leave. Outside, I run into Miss Donaldson and I smile at her. I do this on purpose as I realized in there that not only do I look like the Governor, but I inherited his signature smile as well. Once I do this, she looks at me as if trying to recall where she knows me from. I have no doubt Miss Donaldson being the great reporter that she is will put two and two together at some point and ask the Governor about me.
I head towards the elevator and text Jameson asking where he is. He quickly replies letting me know he's down by the lobby and will go ahead and get the Escalade. He asks that I meet him up front. Once inside the SUV, I recount everything that happened while I was inside the Governor's office. We both agreed to stick around to give them enough time to talk and hopefully they'll call me soon.
  
****
 It's 7pm and Jameson and I are in a hotel room waiting. We've already had dinner and are watching a movie when my phone rings. I look at the screen and it's someone from a blocked number that's calling. "Hello"
"Alessandra, its Alessandro Powell. I am sorry to call you so late. Are you still in the city by any chance?"
"Yes, I am still here"
"Oh good. If I text you an address, can you come tonight?"
"Yes, sir. I'll head there right away"
"Good. I'll see you here"
 Jameson and I leave the hotel and head towards the address the Governor texted. Based on the affluent residential neighborhood we are currently driving in we can only assume we are meeting the Governor at his home. We get to the correct house and there's a security guard at a private gate. We give him our names and IDs before he opens the gate and lets us in.
I am glad we went to his office and not his home as there's no way we could have fooled our way in here. I am also lucky he had that interview with a student and that Jameson went with me. I can't believe he made out with the intern in the bathroom to buy me additional time with the Governor!
Now that we are past the gate I notice how the long driveway to the mansion is flanked by pristinely manicured trees. At the front of the mansion there's a large fountain and we are asked by an employee to step out of the vehicle as he will drive it to its designated spot. Then we are frisked to make sure we carry no weapons or recording devices. Finally, we are led inside the house were a very tall and thin butler greets us. "Good evening Miss Powell, Mr. O'Brien, please follow me"
I look around as we walk and realize this place looks like a museum instead of a house! The floors are white marble and there's statues and tons of paintings on the walls- which I am sure are originals and not five dollar printouts. There's a huge chandelier beyond the foyer and a double set of spiral stairs reaching the second floor which must be a good thirty feet high. 
I read the Governor has seven year old twins yet there's no toys or anything that indicates children live here. I know there's also a seventeen year old son from Sandra's first marriage to Fitzgerald Ferguson the Third. Rich people and their fancy names.
We've arrived to what seems to be the Governor's office. Jameson and I are ushered inside and someone takes our drink order. I ask for a lemonade while Jameson asks for a scotch. He is 18, but looks like he's 23 so they didn't even question his order. We are sipping our drinks when the Governor, his wife and two other men come inside and join us.
"Alessanda, Mr. O'Brien, thank you for coming in such short notice" the Governor says and asks us to sit- which we promptly do. "As you can imagine everything you told us this morning was a lot to take in and digest. I know our resemblance cannot be denied yet you must understand I still need proof you are who you claim to be. Also, I am sure you've heard by now that next year I will be ending my term as Governor and I will be campaigning for a seat as a US Senator" I simply nod since all of that information has been circulating throughout the state for months now.
 "I've spoken with my chief advisors here and we have decided that the best possible solution to your predicament is for you to move in with us"
 "What! I have no interest in leaving my home. I just need Miss Wade off my back. I promise NOT to talk to the press or let anyone know you are my father. I have known you are my father since I was seven and aside from my grandmother and Jameson know no one knows. I promise to keep it that way"
 "Alessandra, I understand this is not the outcome you were hoping for, but you must understand how delicate this situation is. The moment I call Miss Wade someone from her office WILL leak to the press that I am your father and the negative impact of the public finding out I have a sixteen year old daughter whose lost her only other living relative and has been sent to foster care will be devastating to my career. People will conclude that I knew about you all along and decided to ignore you for sixteen years. Even worse, that I selfishly allowed you to go into foster care instead of opening my home to you. Now, we have a doctor waiting outside who will collect DNA samples to confirm what we already know. The moment that positive test result is in, you will be moving into this house"
 Shit! The tone he uses lets me know he's not fooling around and there's no room for negotiation. Come Tuesday I will either be leaving here or I'll be sent to a foster home.
Either way my life will change and I'll be screwed.



 
 
CHAPTER TEN
 
 
After that, we left the mansion. Now, Jameson and I drive back to Woodburn in silence. Life as I know it will be over in a matter of days. All because I am not 18 I can't decide my own fate. That is so unfair. Judges should be able to factor in what a teenager wants. I mean I am old enough to get pregnant, be a mother and support a child yet I am not old enough to live on my own and support myself? Where the hell is the logic in that! That's a bunch of crap and grownups should revise all those archaic laws. Or at least leave room for common sense and exceptions. 
We go into his house where Chloe and Kellan await. I tell them everything I talked to the Governor about this morning and then what he said tonight. Afterwards, they are too shocked to say anything and I am too tired to talk anymore. I need to sleep for what feel like days in order to collect the strength needed to withstand what's about to come my way.
 
 *****
It's Sunday afternoon and I just finished packing. The Governor called me this morning to let me know the test results were expedited and they confirmed with 99.99% accuracy that I am indeed his daughter. He will have a driver pick me up tomorrow morning as I will start my new life at his house right away. He wants to have a press conference tomorrow morning letting people know about me. Lastly, the Governor mentioned he already called Miss Wade and my case with her office has been closed. 
I've covered all the furniture with blankets, emptied and cleaned the fridge as well as scheduled a truck to come in and collect everything that will be donated. I've also made arrangements with the NYC gallery that usually showcases grandma's paintings to send someone over for the ones that are ready as she had a contract with them. Apparently, she owed them some paintings and the ones that are ready belong to the gallery. I don't argue with the agent as I'm sure grandma would have wanted them sold anyways. I will keep the last two she was working on though. 
Chloe has keys to the house and she has agreed to let in everyone who needs access to the place in my absence. She'll make sure the boys mown the lawn and keep everything in working order until I can come back home.
I'll be heading to her house shortly as they're throwing me a farewell get together. I step inside and I see all the guys are here! I give each and every one of them a hug and my chest suddenly tightens as I think about how much I'll miss everyone that's in this room.  
"Don't do this butterfly. Don't feel sad. You are strong. YOU can do this!" Jameson says as he kisses my head. And I nod gathering strength from his words.
"I'll miss you baby" 
"I'll miss you too Kellan!"
 We get through the awkward goodbyes and then we head downstairs where we shoot pool, dance, eat and even joke and laugh. Three hours later the party is over and I head back home. For what feels like the last time.
 
*****
 I had trouble sleeping last night. I mean Cheryl brought me here when I was two months old and I've never lived anywhere else. Everything and everyone I know is in Woodburn. Then I recall the words Jameson said: I am a survivor. I am strong and I will get through this. It is only two years. Once I am 18 I am so out of there!
It's 6:30am and I know I won't be able to sleep further as I am too nervous to even close my eyes and pretend to rest. I put on my running gear and hit the pavement in a matter of minutes. I run and I end up at Brianna's house without realizing it.  I see she's coming out of her house and she seems surprised to see me and quite honestly so am I. I take comfort in the fact that a new chapter of my life will be written as of today. Therefore, I want to make sure I am the bigger person and give our 10 year friendship the type of closure it deserves.
 After I left Brianna's house I felt better. I told her everything I needed to and after we cried I left. Now I am running again and heading to the cemetery. I need to say goodbye to grandma and grandpa. At least they are buried next to each other. I will have to see how often I'll be allowed to come back here to visit my friends and my grandparents' graves. 
I am running as fast as I can on my way back home as I barely have enough time to get ready. The driver will be here at 9:00am and its 8:30am. I shower, get ready and head towards Chloe's as she wants to make me a special breakfast before I leave. Once I am there I see Kellan and Jameson are still home. 
"Guys! Oh my God you'll be late for school!" 
"Nah, don't worry about it. It's worth it" Jameson says as he winks at me. 
"Yeah, missing first and second period for you is totally worth it Alessandra" adds Kellan, and I can't help but smile.
"Thanks guys. My three favorite people are here with me. This means a lot" I say as I hug each one of them. Chloe's trying to hold back her tears as she places the food on the table and I smile as she made all of my favorites: french toast, crispy bacon, hash browns with cheddar cheese and scrambled eggs. Then the guys must have gone to Lava Java and picked up cappuccinos. Did I mention I love them?
"Chloe thank you for all this and thank you for being a mother to me all these years" I tell her as I hug her again. "My pleasure dear. You are an amazing young woman Alessandra. Promise me you won't allow politics and money to change you and that you'll come and visit as often as you can" I look into her beautiful eyes and kiss her cheek. "I promise Chloe"
"Good. Now dig in because the driver will be here soon and my boys need to go to school" and just like that. The mood is lightened and we devour everything in sight.
 
 ****
A black Denali came for me and a huge guy that looks more like a bouncer or bodyguard that a chauffeur drives it. His name is Eric Masters and he made me sit in the back!
I am totally lost in my thoughts on my way to Salem and I have no desire to make small talk. Also, I've got the feeling Eric isn't much of a talker either so it works out for him as well. 
"Miss Powell, we are here"
 "My name is Alessandra or must we be so formal that you'll make me call you Mr. Masters?" The smallest hint of a smile crosses his lips before he replies. "Alessandra it is and yes please do call me Eric as I'll be driving you around" He comes out and opens my door as I was sitting behind him. I don't even look around, I head inside the house right away. The same guy who opened the door last time greets me. "Good morning Miss Powell, my name is Gerald and I am the mansion's butler" he says and then bows. Seriously? He bowed at me? I am not some lost Russian princess. WTH? I keep my mouth shut. I guess he's just doing his job. 
"I will show you the premises. Please follow me" Gerald must notice me looking back at the Denali as I am thinking about getting my things. 
"Miss Powell someone will bring your luggage to your suite shortly. Please follow me" My suite? I thought I was staying here?
 I make no comments to what Gerald just said and I take in my surroundings. There are two dining rooms. One seats 12 people while the other seats 24. I guess they hold really large parties here. Then there's three living rooms, a theater, an indoor as well as an outdoor pool with Jacuzzi, tennis and a basketball courts, a gym, a library and a couple of rooms which are locked and I am not to enter under any circumstances. How ominous of them to have secret meeting rooms.
I ask about the kitchen and Gerald shows it to me. It is huge! There's two ladies cooking here and I say hello to them before we leave. Finally, we go upstairs and head to my room and he wasn't kidding. It is a freaking suite! It has a king size bed, a living room, a huge walk in closet and an amazing bathroom with a hot tub and a separate shower! I am seriously contemplating enrolling in online classes and spending the next two years in my room! 
 Gerald was right once again, and I see my luggage is already here. He asked if I wanted help settling in, but I politely declined. I can do things on my own- thank you very much. Next, I text Chloe, Jameson and Kellan letting them know I got here okay. Since its Monday every member of the Powell household is either at work or school. Sandra must be getting her Botox shot or planning her next charity event or whatever rich wives do on a Monday morning. She's no soccer mom. That much I know. 
My clothes are all put away and they barely take any space in this huge closet. I put my laptop, iPad, Kindle and cell to charge. I know I have tons of electronics, but that's all I spent my paychecks on as grandma wouldn't let me contribute towards the house bills and she said she had enough money saved for college so I got to spend my money on me.
I head to the kitchen to make myself a sandwich. I open the fridge and I start taking out the ingredients when I am startled by someone causing me to bump my head inside the fridge. Damn that hurts!
"I am so sorry Miss Powell! Did you call us through the intercom? I was in the restroom and Maria is on her break" Wow she sounds afraid. "Hey it's okay. Please calm down. First of all my name is Alessandra. Please let everyone know NOT to call me Miss Powell. Second of all, I didn't press no intercom button and I don't expect to use it unless I am so sick I can't bring my butt to the kitchen. I've been making my own meals for as long as I can remember and I have no intention of changing. Of course, I won't take your job and I won't be in your way I promise. Nonetheless, if I feel like cooking something for myself I'll come in here and make it. Okay?" 
She nods and I can see relief clearly etched on her face. "Hablas Espanol?"
"Si" she says all surprised and happy to have someone else to talk with. Not surprisingly I learn she's quite smart, pleasant and humble. Her name is Rosa Villegas and she's the youngest of three children. She's originally from Puebla, Mexico and she came to the US as an international student. She works here part time and attends SSU full time- which at only 23 is quite impressive. I took advantage of our camaraderie and asked her about the Powell family. She told me the twins are Tyler and Tyson AKA the terror twins. They do not respect anyone other than their father and drive their nannies crazy to the point where they literally run them off. Then there's Tristan who's sort of a player and always has his friends over. 
Rosa must have a crush on Tristan as she blushed at the mere mention of him. Sandra is always either at the Governor's office or organizing fundraisers and charitable events. Last but not least, we talked a bit about The Governor who not surprisingly is usually working. The one thing about the family that seems normal though is that they dine together at 6:30pm every night, unless something really important comes up.
That's good to know. Also, they dress up for the meals. Oh well, I guess dinner in my suite only wearing PJs is definitely out of the question. 
"What's on the menu for tonight?" I ask Rosa curious to find out what rich people eat. "We are making grilled salmon with steamed vegetables and tofu" Seriously? Couldn't this menu be any blander? "I am not eating tofu!" I decide to stay in the kitchen and help Sandra and Maria add additional tasty items to tonight's menu. We end up making grilled NY sirloins, mash potatoes, extra cheesy mac and cheese with bacon bits and double fudge brownies for dessert. I know! So mouthwatering, right?
By the time I leave the kitchen is 5:30pm. I can't believe I spent so much time just talking to them! They are both super nice and I am glad to have people I can talk to. I head upstairs and I can hear the twins and Sandra talking along with another woman-whom I assume is their current nanny- as she does her best to make them behave in order to get them ready. 
I run to my suite take a quick shower, wear something nice and head to the dining room. By the time I make it everyone's already there. I am about to introduce myself when the Governor stands and walks up to me. He places an arm around my shoulder and addresses everyone in the room. "Tristan, Tyler, Tyson. This is Alessandra your sister"
I look at the twins and realize Tyson and Tyler will be very easy to tell apart. One looks like the Governor (black hair and light blue eyes) and the other looks like Sandra (dark brown hair and green eyes). It didn't come as a surprise to see how very handsome Tristan is. He's sitting down, but I can tell he's well-built and tall. With golden skin, dark blonde hair and green eyes he's quite the package and I can see how Rosa fell for him. Tristan looks like Sandra, but I'm sure there's a lot from his dad as well as it is not just her features that adorn his gorgeous face. 
I politely smile at each of them before the Governor shows me to my seat- which happens to be next to Tristan. The way he is checking me out is so obvious I am surprised the Governor hasn't said anything. The moment I sit down Tristan tries touching my thigh and I smack his hand. This is happening under the table and our faces do not reflect any of it. After a while, Tristan gives me the slightest smirk and I can see mischief in his eyes. He means trouble. 
Gerald comes in with a couple of maids I hadn't seen before- which is not surprising given the size of this place. "Good evening. Tonight we will be serving wild grilled salmon with a sugar free tangerine glaze, steamed vegetables, tofu lasagna, grilled NY sirloin, mash potatoes, cheesy mac and cheese with bacon bits and double fudge brownies"
The kids are super happy when they hear mac and cheese and brownies yet Sandra is not pleased at all. Before she yells at Gerald I speak up. "Sandra, I apologize if I overstepped my boundaries. I was planning to make those additional menu items just for me. However, once I was in the kitchen I felt bad for cooking just for myself so I made enough for everyone. If you guys don't eat meat for religious or health reasons I apologize"
She doesn't say anything. She simply nods. Great, I just got here today and I managed to piss her off already. Awesome way to start your new life Alessandra.  
"I'll have some steak with mash potatoes and vegetables Gerald" Tristan says before he winks at me. Then the twins ask for mac and cheese and Sandra makes sure their plates have salmon and vegetables as well.  Not surprisingly, Sandra asked to be served a portion from her designated menu only while the Governor asked for a bit of everything smiling at me the entire time. It was such a genuine smile that brought warmth to my nearly frozen heart. I totally pulled that one out of Elsa's book.  
The meal is over and I wait for everyone to leave the dining room before I ask Sandra to stay. "Mrs. Powell, please accept my apologies. It was never my intention to intrude. Next time I feel like eating something in particular I will make it just for me"
She looks at me and thank God she no longer seems upset. "It's okay Alessandra, you just caught me off guard that's all. You don't know this as it is not common knowledge. Your father has high cholesterol and needs to watch what he eats. Instead of making something special just for him, I figured we could all benefit from a much healthier diet. It would make us healthier and show how supportive of him we all are"
As I said, way to screw it up Alessandra. Now I'll get the Governors cholesterol higher than it needs to be. "Don't worry about it. Eating meat one day isn't going to kill him. He'll be okay. Oh and please call me Sandra we are family now" I simply nod and head to my room. 
 
****
 I'm in my room and I've read, watch some TV and now I go to shower and get ready for bed. As I come out of the shower I realize I forgot to bring my PJs. Back at home my PJs where in the bathroom so I have to get used to my new reality and I'll just have to remember to leave at least a set in here. This place is so big and posh I'm sure there's got to be one of those fancy hotel robes somewhere. As I begin to look around I open one of the closets and find four of those fancy robes inside. I put one on and grab a towel to dry my hair as I leave the bathroom. Back in my room I notice Tristan has made himself at home on my bed. He is blatantly checking me out again and I remember I have nothing under this robe. At least it's long enough to cover all the essentials so there's nothing to worry about.
"Tristan I'm so glad you made your self at home. To what do I owe the pleasure?" I ask raising a brow. In turn, Tristan chuckles and slowly stands before strutting towards me like a hunter nearing it's pray. He thinks he'll intimidate me well he'll be surprised to find out it takes a lot to rattle me. But I'll play his game for now and let him make his move. Suddenly, I stop drying my hair and throw the towel on the floor. 
Tristan reaches me and grabs on to my robe belt before bringing his head to my neck and inhaling. "Damn, you smell amazing and look absolutely gorgeous in that robe. But I bet you look even better without it" as soon as he says this he kisses me. I kiss him back as I continue to play his game. However, when I feel him trying to untie my robe I decide it's time to let him know kissing is as far as I'll let this go.
I am trying to remove his hands when I realize he doesn't want to stop. I guess I'll have to make him. I quickly turn around and now with my back to his front I flex my neck offering it to him. He gets all excited thinking I have given in.  Fool. What he doesn't know is that he's playing into my game now. It literally takes a second for me to bend my right arm and swiftly connect my elbow to his diaphragm really hard.
"What the fuck! What was that for?!" he holds his stomach as he bends over doing his best not to cry. 
"That my dear Tristan is what you deserved for kissing me and trying to grope me without my consent. You see, where I come from a guy doesn't move so quickly unless the girl agrees to it.  And I clearly don't recall saying I was okay with you being all over me"
He straightens himself right away, but instead of looking pissed he laughs. "I like you Alessandra. I thought it would be a dread having you here, but something tells me it will be fun. Night sis!" and just like that, he walks out of my room with a smile on his face no less. 
 
 
 
CHAPTER ELEVEN
 
 
I am suddenly woken up by what seems to be an earthquake. As I open my eyes I see it is not an event from nature that's causing this, but my dear terror twins! Tyler and Tyson are jumping up and down my bed. What the hell! I thought I locked the door after Tristan left? Do they all have a key to my room? If that's the case, why bother putting a lock on the damn door in the first place!
They are yelling for me to wake up and make them breakfast. I quickly get up and I am about to walk out of my room and go to the kitchen with them when I stop on my tracks and take in their faces. They must have already raided the kitchen this morning and from the looks of it they finished the brownie. Shit.  I didn't make a first good impression with Sandra last night and if she sees their faces she will have me killed. 
I usher them to my bathroom, clean them up and then we head downstairs. However, I am not about to make the same mistake again. This time I call Sandra and ask for permission to make them breakfast. More importantly, I ask about the items they want me to make and if they can eat them. Once I've confirmed its okay, I go ahead and make them silver dollar pancakes and scrambled eggs with cheddar cheese.
There's a six seat table in the kitchen and we sit there and have breakfast together. As we eat I realize they are great kids. So funny in fact I am crying here since I haven't laughed this hard in a while!  
"Good morning shitheads, Alessandra" Tristan says as he walks in and sits down next to me. It's only the four of us in the kitchen right now since Maria is off today and Rosa is having breakfast with the rest of the employees at their quarters. Judging by Tristan's behavior I don't think he's ever served himself a meal in his life.  So I stand and serve him in order for him to join us and soon we are both laughing at every silly thing the twins are doing. Suddenly, I am glad I came here. I can have brothers and be part of this family.
 
****   
I am in my room now getting ready to go shopping with Sandra. Judging by how happy she was when she mentioned it earlier I have no doubt this will be an all-day event. Eric drives us to Neiman Marcus where Sandra's personal shopper awaits for us (quite eagerly I must say). She takes my measurements and next thing I know I am being ushered into a really big fitting room where I try on jeans, shirts, blouses, dresses and even formal dresses. Jeez, I never knew there were dresses for each and every occasion known to modern men. And what's worse, I will be joining the family in events were these dresses are mandatory.
After playing dress up for hours I realize I am not done, and I am suddenly horrified! We are done with the clothing. Now there's also tons of shoes being brought in. After being cooped up in the dressing room for three hours -granted in all honesty it wasn't a hardship as I tried on so many beautiful things and they brought snacks and drinks for me- I was able to walk out in one piece.  As we leave the store with more bags that I can count, I take a final look at myself and realize I look beautiful and sophisticated in my light blue dress and black sandals.   
My stomach chooses this moment to growl and Sandra decides we should take a break. I am thinking we are heading towards the mall's food court, but I should have known better. Eric drives us to a nearby restaurant- which has tons of people waiting to be seated. As soon as the hostess sees Sandra, she immediately shows us to a table. I guess being the Governor's wife has its perks. As we follow the hostess to our table I notice how everyone is suddenly looking at us. Now I am grateful for the makeover as I would have definitely stood out like a sore thumb among these people with my previous clothes. Something else I realize is that everyone in here seems to know who I am. No doubt they had already seen the press conference the Governor held earlier this week introducing me as a member of his family.
Once we are seated I look at the menu and immediately decide I want to order a steak with french fries. However, Sandra and her healthy choices come to mind and I decide to order a salad instead. I ask for a side of fries and I am told they carry no potatoes. What kind of restaurant has no potatoes? 
After our meal is over and Sandra greets nearly everyone in this place, we are finally able to leave. I think we are going home, but no such luck. It is now time to go uniform shopping. I guess it's a little more involved than walking into Sears, grabbing a few items in my size and paying for them though. We walk inside a boutique- which I never would have guessed sold uniforms- and notice how Sandra is greeted like she was royalty. I am once again ushered to the back of the store where my measurements are taken. Apparently, uniforms for the rich aren't as simple as indicating whether you are small, medium or large. They are tailored to fit each student and Sandra has ordered me ten of them! That's is just crazy. I don't say anything as I do not wish to offend her. However, I honestly think that is going overboard. She asks for my opinion on the different colors and styles and I allow her to choose because it doesn't make a difference to me. Uniforms are uniforms, right? Sandra explains that I begin school on Monday and the seamstress will work on my uniforms right away to ensure they are ready by Saturday. Today is Wednesday and this store is packed with clients. How could they tailor so many uniforms so fast? They'll probably have people in some sweat shop working at night. That doesn't seem right to me, but I don't really know if that's what will happen so I don't say anything.
 We meet Eric outside and Sandra asks if I want to go anywhere else. I let her know I just want to go home and she's okay with that. The moment I sit in the back of the Denali and look out the window I laugh at myself. I already call this place home. Then again, what choice do I have? Above all, I am a survivor and I know this is what I need to do in order to get through this new hurdle in my life. I know that when tragedy strikes, you can either be strong and work through the pain and come out victorious at the other side, or you can be a victim. If you choose the latter you could easily become depressed until you are able to snap out of it (if you ever do).

 
 
CHAPTER TWELVE
 
 
It's Saturday and dad is home. Yes, you heard right I called the Governor dad. My father and I had some alone time this morning and we have become closer.  Right now we are all inside the outdoor pool swimming and just playing around. Dad and Sandra step into the Jacuzzi and moments later Gloria comes out to the patio and collects Tyler and Tyson as they have to go get ready to attend a friend's birthday party.
By now Tristan and I have joined dad and Sandra in the Jacuzzi. We are all relaxing in it when we hear additional voices coming our way. I look towards the direction of the sound and wait curiously to see who it is. "Those are some of my friends I invited over" Tristan says as he moves closer to me. Moments later, dad and Sandra come out of the Jacuzzi and leave. Immediately, I feel pissed that they had to leave THEIR Jacuzzi just because Tristan's friends are coming. Well too bad for him as I am not leaving. If they want to be here so bad then they can either be here around me or they can go elsewhere. After all, this house is large enough for them to find something else to do until I feel like leaving the Jacuzzi.
I look at the group approaching us and notice there's four guys and five girls. Great, that explains why dad and Sandra left so fast. These are Tristan's friends and their girlfriends. Just what I need right now. Pretty soon I'll feel like a third wheel. No, more like a sixth wheel. I won't run though. I'll stick around for a bit and once the making out bonanza begins I'll quietly retreat. 
Once I'm happy with my exit strategy, I look at the group again as they are almost here. The guys look up and once they realize it isn't Sandra next to Tristan they instantly leave the five girls- which are obviously not their girlfriends- behind. Immediately, the guys stand straighter and strut the rest of the way here, putting more distance between them and the girls. Now, I take a moment to look at them. I mean seriously look at them. Not surprisingly, they are all hot, sexy and tall. I'd say their heights range between 6'1" and 6'4" and they are built like athletes. Maybe football players? They are all wearing trunks, t-shirts and sandals while I notice that the girls are all wearing sundresses. Their attire makes sense as they were coming to a pool party and today is unseasonably warm for September in Oregon.
One by one I take them all in until my eyes land at the most intense grey eyes I have ever seen! It's like he has x-ray vision and he's looking not only inside my body, but straight into my soul as well. I know. Talk about corny, but true. The Jacuzzi is hot yet the intensity of his look makes me feel like I can melt at any time. I am sure any other girl would have blushed and looked away by now, but that is not me. I won't let this stranger intimidate me in my own home. I Alessandra Powell meet challenges head on and Gorgeous here has blatantly issued one.
By now the guys are right outside the Jacuzzi. Moments later they begin taking off their shirts revealing mouthwatering toned bodies with four and six packs before stepping inside. Now I realize that not only is Gorgeous still standing outside, but he hasn't taken his eyes off me. Next, Gorgeous comes around and enters the water next to me instead of in front of me like the rest of them did.
I once again scan the group and notice none of the girls are coming into the water. In fact, they are standing further back as if awaiting instructions on what to do next. Since none of the guys seem to take the initiative to invite them to join us at the Jacuzzi one of the girls indicates they should sit on the loungers by the pool. I take it she's the leader and the minions were waiting for her orders. Interesting. Regardless of the bank account balance social dynamics of any given teenage group are pretty much the same throughout different social groups. I can bet just by the way these girls are looking at me that these five guys must be the cream of the crop from their junior class. 
"Hi Alessandra, so nice to finally meet you. We've heard great things about you" this handsome guy says. He is so beautiful and reminds of Shemar Moore. I have always had a crush on Shemar Moore. Hell, he's one of the main reasons why I still watch Criminal Minds. Shemar Jr comes a bit closer to me, takes my hand and kisses it. He's clearly a smooth player. "My name is Luke Scott" he says and I can't help but smile right back. 
The guy next to him comes closer now and introduces himself. However, if I am reading him correctly he's the quiet type. He has dark blonde hair with light blue eyes. "I'm Chase Johnson"  
The following guy has a dark golden tan- which makes me think that he's either the outdoorsy type or he's mixed race. As he comes closer I decide that Handsome numero tres has that beautiful complexion thanks to his genetic makeup as it doesn't look fake. Add to his amazing skin the contrast between his black hair and hazel eyes and he looks like a male model- well they all do really. "Hi Alessandra, I'm Connor Ross"
And last but not least is Gorgeous. He hasn't said anything, but it hasn't been necessary as my body is acutely aware of our proximity. Moreover, I can still feel his intense stare as he analyzes my interaction with the rest of the guys. When it's his turn to greet me, he moves closer than any of them did and I feel a charge of electricity nearly humming through me the closer he gets, and I don't dare move. Gorgeous stands in front of me. However, instead of taking my hand and kissing it like the rest of them did, he looks at my lips for a fraction of a second before he kisses me!
 I am too shocked to do anything or to even think. Once the shock wears off, I feel how soft and plump Gorgeous lips are. When I join in on the kiss the intensity of it magnifies in a matter of seconds. Holy shit! If Gorgeous isn't the best kisser in the world he can easily win the contest for state champion. When he flushes me to his impossibly strong body all thoughts escape me and I cannot do anything other than kiss him back and match his fervor. 
It's like Gorgeous has me under a spell and all logic and common sense has been thrown out the window. I mean I don't just go into a full blown out of this world make out session with a total stranger in front of a bunch of people I don't know! With this last thought I muster the strength to pry myself away from those sinful lips! When I look into his eyes they are a pool nearly black liquid with a sliver of silver. They are simply amazing to look at and I can easily see myself lost in them, and him. I take a moment to calm my lust infused hormones and try to take a step back. And I do mean try, as his strong arms are wrapped around my waist. The more I try to put some distance between us the more he tightens his hold. I look at him questioningly; however, what comes next is simply worse because when he smiles my body ignites again and I have to take a deep cleansing breath. This guys is absolutely lethal and if I were smart I'd stay with him.
 Gorgeous brings his faces to my neck and lightly bites my earlobe before pulling back. He clearly has no intention of telling me his name and that irritates me. I mean he can kiss the hell out of me and hold me like I am his, yet he can't tell me his name? "And you are?" I ask with a raised eyebrow. As soon as the words leave my mouth the guys all start laughing. Like I just made the greatest joke ever. 
"Guys, I told you Alessandra just moved to Salem this week. She's different than other girls. She doesn't know or care about all the usual stuff Salem girls do" What stuff is Tristan talking about? I have no clue what he just said. Nonetheless, the guys all nod as if Tristan's explanation made all the sense in the world. Perhaps here in the capital it does?
Gorgeous looks into my eyes again and grins. "Yes, she is definitely different.... I apologize for my lack of manners Alessandra. I am Kyle Davis and it's a pleasure to meet you" Now that we aren't so close I can think clearly and I take the opportunity to drink in his features. Kyle has light golden skin with brown hair that reflects copper undertones from the sun and it falls right below his eyes. He reminds me of Leon from Resident Evil 4 and I've always had a crush Leon. I know that's weird, but I grew up with boys and I've always loved playing videogames. I guess the only truly girly thing I did growing up was chase butterflies- which is how Jameson came up with my nickname. 
"Well very nice to know your name Kyle as I'm already familiar with your lips and arms" and all the guys laugh at my comment. After that, we start talking and surprisingly enough, I get along quite well with these guys. We talk about sports- which I always did with Kellan, Jameson and the rest of the guys back in Woodburn making me quite versed in male language. During the course of the conversation I noticed Kyle moved away from me just far enough to give me space. Is he trying not to monopolize my attention? Whatever his reason I'm glad as we aren't together. He shouldn't act like we are a couple.
 The conversation stops the moment we see Rosa come our way with snacks. Being in the water makes me hungry so I'm glad food is on its way. Rosa places the tray on the nearby table and we come out of the water or I should say I come out of the water as the guys all stayed behind to look at me. When I realize I am the only one out of the Jacuzzi I turn around and look at them to find out what is wrong.
"Damn girl you are sexy as hell!" I smile and wink at Luke. "Thanks handsome, now come out here and eat". Shortly after, we serve our selves and start eating. I look at all of them and realize they have forgotten about the group of very angry girls- which are still sitting by the pool on the other side glaring my way. "Guys, aren't your hookups eating as well?" They all stop eating, clean their mouths and I have to stop myself from laughing since   it's clearly written on their faces that they had all forgotten about those girls.
"How do you know they are hookups and not our girlfriends?" I give him my best 'are you serious' look, but I'll answer my brother's question anyways. "Well Tristan that's quite easy. You are five and so are they.  Like typical hookups, these girls have kept their distance waiting to be called upon. IF they were your girlfriends they wouldn't need an invite to jump into the water or to be here with you. More importantly, they would have definitely claimed each and every one of you, marking their territory the moment they saw me. Especially evil Barbie who I assume was going to be your hookup Kyle as she's been devising ways to end my life slowly and painfully since we kissed" I pop a blueberry in my mouth as they seem to digest everything I just said. Moments later they all grin at me and nod. Seemingly impressed by what I just said. 
"Shit! You are beautiful, smart and can talk sports. You will definitely be fun to have around" that makes me sound like a mascot of sorts, but I know he meant that as a compliment. "Thanks Connor. I think" and they laugh some more. 
 
**** 
It's nearly 6pm and we leave the pool so we can head inside and get dressed for dinner. Surprisingly, the guys all decided to stay and join us. I still recall how things went sour right after our meaningful conversation about the difference between hookups and girlfriends. Once the guys made up their minds, they decided it was time to send the girls back home. The news was not well received by any of the girls. In fact, their leader looked livid. For a moment there I thought she was going to come after me, but then decided against it. I am sure I just made an enemy, but I won't dwell on it now. 
We all head inside, and go upstairs to shower and change. Apparently, they all have clothes here as they often stay for sleepovers. I walk into my room and as I am about to shut the door something stops it from closing. When I look at the floor I notice a foot has wedge itself between the door and the frame. When I raise my head I see it is Kyle asking permission with his eyes to come inside. I hesitate for a second before allowing him access. Kyle takes in my room and before I can ask why he's here he assaults me with an all-consuming kiss. The kiss is so hot I can't even attempt to stop it. Suddenly, Kyle places both hands on my ass lifting me up like I was weightless and all I can do is wrap my legs around his waist. He walks us to my couch without breaking our embrace or stopping our kiss. Then his tongue is demanding entrance into my mouth and I gladly let it in. 
I take this opportunity to explore his glorious body and I frantically roam it becoming familiar with his strong chest, arms and back. However, the moment I run my fingers through his silky strands I am gone. This guy is absolute perfection.  
A moan escapes his lips as he pulls back. "Fuck Alessandra. I've never felt anything like this. You drive me crazy" He doesn't let me reply. Instead, he devours my lips yet again. He then openly roams my body sending a jolt of warmth to my core while spreading Goosebumps all over my body. Kyle then unties my bikini top and lowers his head taking in my right breast and sucking it for a while before he bites my nipple with just enough force to confuse my brain and all my pleasure/pain receptors along with it. Kyle continues to work on both breasts greedily sucking, squeezing and biting when Tristan knocks on the door reminding us dinner will be served in 20 minutes. 
We reluctantly stop and after looking into each other's eyes he helps me stand. "We will continue this tonight Alessandra" Kyle declares as his right hand sneaks inside my bikini bottom and his index goes inside my opening - which is drenched from our steamy encounter. After Kyle removes his finger he brings it into his mouth and licks it clean. I know I should be repulsed or somewhat disgusted by this. Instead, I am even more turned on,     and if I'm honest, I think that's the most sensual thing I've ever seen!
 Kyle grabs my hand and brings it to his crotch. He chuckles as I am sure he notices how my eyes open as big as flying saucers. I am no dick expert as I've only seen Kellan's in person and a few on a couple of porn movies, but this feels huge! My mouth suddenly feels too dry as I think about what it would feel like to have something so big inside of me. Will it fit? Will I enjoy it? Will it hurt?
 "Don't worry Alessandra, it will fit and you will love every second of it. I promise" OMG! Can he read my mind as well? Kyle winks as he leaves my room giving me space to calm myself down and get ready for dinner.



 
 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
 
 
When I get downstairs I notice all the guys are already standing outside the dining room talking. They all look great in their trousers, oxfords or sweaters and loafers. I wore a cute Shoshanna sleeveless black lace sheath dress with my Manolo Blahnik crystal satin strap sandals in black. I wore my long hair in a high sleek ponytail and I applied eye liner and two coats of mascara to complete the look. As I approach them they stop talking and look at me with appreciative eyes. Even though I take them all in, I can't help how I immediately focus on Kyle and how amazing he looks with his black trousers and a fitted V neck grey cashmere sweater. He looks at me up and down and licks his lips as he approaches me and nuzzles my neck. "You look absolutely exquisite" 
"Thank you Kyle. You look quite handsome yourself" I look at the rest of the guys and addressed them all. "As a matter of fact you all look amazing. It feels like we are going to a GQ party or something" they all mutter their thanks and laugh.
"Yeah well you are close. We're headed towards Blue after this" Connor says and I know I'll sound like a hick, but I'll hate myself if I don't ask. "Blue?" and once again they laugh at my expense. "Guys stop being dicks. I told you Alessandra's new to the city. She doesn't follow trends or gossip or politics" Tristan chides his friends for me and I am grateful to my brother for standing up for me with his friends. Definitely gets mad brownie points for that.
"Sorry Alessandra, it's just everyone knows that Blue it's the coolest place in town. My brother owns it and we usually head there Saturday nights" 
"Thanks for the clarification Connor. I'd love to go with you guys. Thanks for the invite" they laugh again. Soon after, Gerald comes out and ushers us into the dining room as its 6:30pm. 
 
**** 
One good thing about dressing up for dinner is that you are ready to go and paint the town once the meal is over. I just make a quick stop to my room to brush my teeth, spray a bit of perfume and grab my purse. Since Connor's brother owns the club we won't need IDs to go inside- which is a good thing as I don't have a fake one. I grab my YSL black clutch and head back downstairs to meet the guys. 
They have decided to sleep here tonight so we all leave together in Luke's Escalade. Luke's driving and Tristan called shotgun. Kyle and I sit in the middle while Connor and Chase sit on the third row. 
 Kyle and I are so close that it would be impossible for me to be any closer unless we fused our bodies or I sat on his lap- which sounds like an excellent idea- but I know that would then turn out into an out-of-this-world make out fest and I don't want to do that in front of the guys, again.
I open my clutch and grab my cell as I need to keep busy in order not to think about the mighty fine male specimen sitting next to me. To my surprise, I have a couple of texts from Xander and Jameson.
 


me: hey X! How r u?
X: me? Seriously Alessandra! How r u? I just found out today about your grandma. I'm so sorry for your loss. I also heard something about our Governor being ur dad and you moving to Salem?
me: yup all true, but that's a long story and I can't get into it now. Rain check?
X: What? hot date in the city already?
 I just laugh at how close to being true that is.
 
me: Nah, just hanging out with my new friends. We're headed to a club called Blue. Do u know it? 
X: holy shit! Hells yeah I know it. That's the hottest most exclusive club right now. Dom Ross owns it. I remember when him and his buddies were younger they used to play at different clubs just for fun. I even went a few times to hear them play. They're really good. Too bad they're all grown up now and didn't pursue a musical career. They could have totally make it. 
me: I didn't know that. I just met Dom's brother Connor as he's friends with my new brother Tristan. How about you text me later this week so we can get together?
X: Deal! Have fun.... but not too much fun okay ;-)
me: will do ;-)
 I look up as I notice Kyle wrapped his arm around my shoulder and he's been reading my texts. Kyle and I aren't really a thing so I don't owe him any explanations, but I'll tell him anyways.
"Listen Kyle you and I don't know anything about each other" he raises a brow and looks at me like I should know better. "Okay we don't know anything other than we can't be too close to each other without attacking one another" he nuzzles my neck in confirmation, and I do my best to resist him. "I don't do well with girls. They are usually mean, vindictive, caddy, fake and too insecure for my taste. At least the ones I've dealt with have been that way" I look at him and smile. "ALL of my friends are guys. Aside from Chloe who is more like my honorary mother"
I look into his eyes and I can't read them, but he seems upset. WTH? We just met. He has no reason to be upset so I ignore him and text Jameson back.
 
me: Hey J
J: hey butterfly, how's it going?
me: pretty good. I'm hanging out with Tristan and his friends tonight. We are going to a club to watch his friends' brother and his band reunite. Apparently they are really big here in Salem. 
J: only guys right? 
me: yup you know how well I do with girls- lol. I sort of met five girls and already they don't like me. 
J: Were they supposed to be hanging out with the guys you are with? 
I love how he catches up so quickly.
me: yup 
J: leave it to you to make girls angry the moment you get to a place. Be careful hanging out tonight okay. Don't drink too much. 
me: I won't drink much alcohol I promise, okay.
J: good 'cuz I won't be there to protect you and I don't know anyone there who I can call and have them watch your back. 
me: Kyle says he'll watch my back. Don't worry :-) 
J: yeah I bet this Kyle would want to watch more than your sexy back. I'll be up there two weeks from now to visit and I want to meet this Kyle- if he's still around. 
me: yes daddy. Will do. We just got to the club. I'll text u when I'm back home okay. Love you. 
J: love you too and I'll wait for your text
 
I place my phone in my clutch and Kyle waits for everyone else to walk out of the SUV in order for us to have some privacy. "So who's J?"
"That's Jameson O'Brien. Not only is he my best friend, but the closest thing to family I've got. We have been friends since I was 5 and he was 7. He's joining SSU next year with a football scholarship" While I'm at it I might as well get all the explanations out of the way. "Oh and X is already a student at SSU. Anything else you want to know?" he chuckles- clearly not expecting such a thorough explanation or my retort at the end. 
"Not right now beautiful. The guys are waiting for us inside and I want to dance with you" 
Luke had given Kyle the keys so he locks the SUV and we head towards the club's entrance. The place looks huge and seems to be a well preserved warehouse. All of that imposing in its own right. However, what's really impressive is the amount of people waiting in line to go inside! It's only 9pm and I know that's super early for clubbers, but word got out Dom and his band were playing tonight and apparently everyone wants to watch them. We skip at least sixty people in line and walk straight to where the bouncers stand. The giant man by the door takes a look at Kyle and steps aside for us to go in. That's pretty cool!  Once inside, Kyle holds my hand and walks us to where the guys are at. It takes some effort to break through the crowd as it seems we are heading to the back of the place. I see the guys are at a room towards a corner between the stage and the main bar.
"This is one of the VIP sessions. It will be us and a couple of the band member's closest friends in here tonight" I simply nod and allow Kyle to continue guiding us. Once we get to the VIP room I notice there's a bouncer guarding the entrance. He looks at Kyle and immediately steps aside for us to climb the two steps to enter the room. It's a big enough to host 15 people comfortably. There's sofas and tables and there's even a rail where you can stand behind the glass wall and watch the stage from.  One of the coolest features of this room is the fact that it puts us at the same height as the stage while everyone else outside this room is much lower.
 After I look around and see how big Blue truly is I move away from the railings and head towards where the guys are at. Tristan stands next to me and places his arm over my shoulder giving me a light squeeze. "What are you drinking tonight?"
I promised Jameson I wouldn't drink much tonight so I'll have one drink to help loosen up the nerves of being here and I'll have water for the rest of the night. "I'll have a Woo Woo and a large bottle of sparkling water please"
"A Woo Woo. What the fuck is that?" I laugh as it might be considered a girly drink, but I like it. "It's vodka, cranberry juice and peach schnapps"
Tristan simply nods and heads towards the end of the room where the bar begins and signals a bartender who works on our orders right away. Interesting to see they don't have waiters here. Maybe they do offer them and the guys don't want any? I'll ask Tristan later.
 Suddenly, the bouncer moves out of the way and I look to see who is joining us and I am surprised to see its evil Barbie with who must be her older sister as they look the same. Kyle walks over to me and stands behind me wrapping his arms around my waist. Is he claiming me or letting her know he isn't interested in her? I haven't taken my eyes away from her and I noticed how happy she was to see Kyle already here. She followed his movements with her eyes and the moment he stood behind me, her eyes took on that evil gleam for a few seconds before her mask came back on.
She walks over to us with a rehearsed smile plastered on her face. See what I mean about being fake? "Hi! I am Valerie Mitchell sorry we weren't able to properly introduce ourselves when we were at Tristan's" 
"You mean when you were at my home" She's taken aback by my tone and even more so by my clarification yet she composes herself really fast. "Of course, it's your home as well now. Sorry I didn't really mean anything by it" Sure you didn't. 
"So Valerie Mitchell do you like Kyle?" she looks at me like she couldn't believe I asked her that. I look around and the guys have stopped their conversations and are paying attention to us know. Since it's early the music in the club it's still low enough you can carry a conversation (at least inside this room it is). 
"It's a valid question Valerie. At the pool it was clear you had expectations of what your afternoon with Kyle would be like. Now, the moment you saw Kyle you went all giddy yet you saw him behind me and thought about ripping my throat out"
I look at her and realize she won't answer truthfully in front of the guys. She's one of those girls who's sweet as honey in front of the guys and turns evil when they aren't around so I pull her aside away from everyone in order to finish our conversation. "They can't hear us now. You can speak freely" she looks at me for a second, I guess she's deciding how to play this. "Look Alessandra, I've liked Kyle since we were 8 and I know he likes me too so back the hell off or you'll be sorry" yup I knew it yet I can't help but laugh. I don't know why many girls are so delusional. Guys are very simple. If they like you they'll let you know. Unless they are super shy- which Kyle clearly is not- and they'll do something about it.
 "Valerie, if Kyle liked you don't you think he would have made a move on you by now? Hell the moment he met me he couldn't keep his hands of me" I know that was a low blow, but I couldn't help it. She's too easy to shake. Even in the dim lights I can see how pissed she is. I notice the moment her hand goes up for the slap and I hold her hand before it reaches my face. "Valerie, you don't know me and you don't know anything about me, but it would take more than your tiny 5'4" frame to do some damage to me" I pat her hand and walk back to where the guys are at. 
They couldn't hear the conversation but that doesn't mean they didn't see what was happening. 'Damn girl, you are my new idol! You got Valerie riled up in a matter of minutes and she was about to slap you yet you stopped her like it was nothing" Luke says and I simply shrug, I have no intention of talking about Valerie the rest of the night and thankfully this VIP room is big enough that we won't have to stand next to each other again. 
"Hi, I am Ashley, Valerie's older sister. I wish to apologize for her behavior. She's always had a crush of Kyle and doesn't understand it's one sided" she looks between Kyle and I trying to apologize to the both of us. 
"Ashley, you know I've never done anything to feed her feelings towards me. I don't like Valerie that way and if she continues to try to chase away the girls I like then we will truly have a problem" Kyle tells her sternly.  
Ashley looks surprised to hear this, "What do you mean?"
"Whenever there's a girl at school I would consider hooking up with she does everything in her power to deter the girl from being with me. Now I've never liked any of them girls enough to do anything about it and perhaps that's on me for not setting Valerie straight since the beginning, but I like Alessandra and this shit needs to stop now"
The seriousness in his tone says he means business and Ashley nods. "I'll talk to her Kyle. I'll make sure she understands, okay?"
"Good. Now that all the heavy shit is out of the way we can enjoy ourselves for the rest of the night" I tell them trying to end this conversation for good. "Yeah you're right Alessandra, I came tonight to see my boyfriend and his friends play, not to deal with my sister's issues"
"Oh and who's your boyfriend?'
"Dom" she says with a beaming smile. Figures. So I take this opportunity to ask her about the band. There's Dom (lead singer and guitarist), Ashton (keyboards), Derek (drums) and Ethan (guitar as well). "They all went to school together and are 23 years old. They each work or travel and do their thing and they promised to play here every time they are all in Salem until they turn 25" Ashley explains. 
Ashley and I talk a bit more and I realize she's actually pretty cool. Too bad she already graduated. It would have been nice to have a female friend at school. Valerie just got back from the restroom and I leave Ashley so she can be with her sister. The last thing I need is to have Valerie hate me for trying to befriend her sister.
The guys are all standing by the railings and I head there. As soon as Kyle sees me he opens his arms and I walk into them. He places me in front of him caging me before he looks me with that x-ray vision of his. "You've done enough talking with other people tonight. You are now mine for the rest of the evening" he lowers his mouth and the moment our lips connect is as if there's this primitive hunger engrained in my DNA and Kyle's the only one who can quench it. Against my will I pull back. I know we have an audience and even though I don't like Valerie I don't wish to rub our thing on her face.
"Shit Alessandra, you turn me on so fucking fast I feel like a 13 year old again. It was just a kiss and I am rock solid already. That's never happened to me before" He looks at me with wonder as he caresses my cheek. "You are going to be the death of me" He cups my face and I can see how honest he's being with me at this moment- which invites me to do the same.
"Well if it's any consolation, I've only had one boyfriend before and he NEVER got me this turned on" The grin he gives me shows exactly how pleased my statement has made him. Then he becomes serious again and lowers his head so it's right next to my ear. "If this boyfriend of yours NEVER turned you on this much does that mean you never had sex with him?" 
Kellan and I had oral sex but there was never intercourse. Of course as soon as I told grandma she went with me to the OB GYN and got me on birth control. I hate pills so I chose the shot. Now that I think of it I need to talk to Sandra about meeting with a local doctor to schedule my shots. 
"No, Kellan and I never had intercourse" Kyle doesn't answer. He goes in for the kill and kisses me some more instead. I don't know how long we made out for as we just stopped when we hear the telltale signs that the band is coming on stage. I turn around and I am now facing the band. I see these five guys who do look to be in their early 20s getting ready on stage.
I recognize Dom right away as he looks a lot like Connor. The main difference being that his hair is really short. He's tall and medium built and as he introduces the band the girls go crazy shouting.
They surprise me by playing 3 doors down "Love me when I'm gone"- which I love and I start singing it right away. Most bands play recent hits only and the fact that these guys don't, makes me like them already. They play 5 songs straight before taking their first break and head towards us. Ashley's clearly happy to see Dom and I am excited to meet them as well. 
There's another bouncer on the entrance now to prevent people from coming in. Dom is the first one in and Ashley literally jumps on him and her giddiness makes me laugh. She's just as tiny as her sister and Dom must be about 6'1" so he walks and greets the guys while carrying her like she's a backpack or something- it's cute. 
I need some water as all this making out and singing has me parched and I head towards the bar to ask for a bottle of flat water while Kyle takes this opportunity and heads towards the restroom. I open the bottle and I am about to drink from it when someone takes it away from me and nearly finishes it off on one sip! I am about to say something when I see it's the group's drummer. I don't say anything as I am pretty sure he's thirstier than I am after playing so hard and singing so I order 6 more bottles.  
I turn around and show the bottles to the guys and they nod so I throw a bottle to each of them. Derek has finished his water and is intently looking at me now. 
"What?"
"Nothing, you aren't like all the other girls that come here"
"Yeah, so I've been told repeatedly ever since I moved to Salem"
"Sorry, I didn't mean to upset you"
"No worries, it takes a lot to upset me and letting me know I am not a barbie clone like most of the girls in here is actually a complement" He laughs and it's a great honest laugh. One of those that makes you happy and want to join in on the fun, so I do.
"I'm Derek Price"
"Alessandra Powell"
"Ah so you are the new member of our dear Governor's family"
"The one and only" I needed to steer this conversation away from my new family because I am here to have fun not deal with anything related to them tonight. 
"Congratulations Derek, you guys sound great. I am happy I was able to make it tonight and see you guys play. I hear you guys are a big deal and missing you guys play it's like missing an eclipse or something" I tell him hoping that stroking his ego will do the trick. At my comment he laughs again and runs his fingers through his shoulder length hair and I take a moment to look at him. I mean to really appreciate this fine man in front of me and holy shit this guy is insanely hot! His hair is black like mine and his eyes are this mesmerizing aquamarine shade of blue. There are no boyish features on him anymore. He is all man and what a sexy one at that. He's got to be 6'4" and he's built solid. He's wearing a fitted V-neck black t-shirt that with all the sweat fits him like a glove and I am not complaining as I take in his six pack and muscular arms and chest. He's wearing jeans which must have been tailored to fit him as there's no way they are off the rack. Derek opens another bottle of water and smirks at me, "Like what you see?"
I am a hot blooded female after all and I won't lie when he clearly caught me gawking.  "Of course I do. You have a great body and a beautiful manly face. I'm not yet sure about your personality though" He places a hand on his chest like I just wounded him or something and I can't help but laugh at how dramatic he's suddenly being.
"That hurt my sensitive side. You'll just have to come out with me and convince yourself that I have a great personality as well" I simply shake my head and go back to where Tristan is. Derek is smooth I'll give him that, but I've got a feeling he would be way too much for me to handle right now. Perhaps when I'm older? 
I am introduced to the rest of the band members before they head back up stage to play their second and last set. All in all, I am so glad to be here. This set is just as great as the first and they sing 8 songs this time as people kept asking for more. Afterwards, the guys come back to join us and the DJ takes over the music. I discreetly look around and notice Derek isn't with them and I am somewhat disappointed to hear he had to leave as he has a meeting in Singapore he must attend to. 
We stay in the club talking and dancing a bit more before we head back home. Its 1am when we finally get here and head upstairs. I pull Tristan aside and give him a kiss and a hug. "Thank you for being so nice to me and including me tonight. I had lots of fun"
"Yeah I bet you did with all that making out with Kyle. Also, what was that bit of flirting action I saw between you and Derek?" I am surprised he noticed that.
"You caught that huh"
"Yup I did. Good thing it happened while Kyle was in the restroom. I know you guys aren't really a thing yet but I see how he is with you and I know the guy's falling hard for you. I've known him all my life and I've never seen him act this away with a girl. It's always the girls that are hounding him- well all of us really- yet with you it's like he can't stay away" That peaks my interest. "How come you guys had no girls with you?" he looks at me and runs his fingers through his hair and walks me to my room. I yell good night to the rest of the guys and we sit on my bedroom couch.
"Look, we love girls. However, because of who our parents are and what they do we have to be more responsible and careful than the average 17 year old" Suddenly, there's a knock on my door and I am pretty sure that's Kyle. Tristan takes this as his cue to leave and as Kyle comes in they share a look- which I couldn't decipher and I can tell that was purposely done- and I leave it alone.
 "Don't do anything I wouldn't do" he says before closing the door and waving us good night. 
Now that we are alone Kyle walks over and lifts me up before I can say anything. "I believe I promised we would finish what we started earlier today" he says while looking at me with an intensity that warms me up to my core. Before I can utter a word, Kyle claims my mouth with such passion and force I am putty in his hands. His lips are soft and full and his breath smells like spearmint. After a while we start pulling off each other's clothes as the kisses become more and more intense. Within seconds we are down to our underwear when Kyle pulls back and drinks me in. His eyes are filled with lust and desire- which immediately turns me on even more. "Alessandra, you are so beautiful and so fucking sexy" he carries me and places me gently on my bed. 
Kyle starts trailing kisses from my head to my feet as he deftly removes my bra and G-string. He stops at my core and smells me. That feels so erotic; however, it is nothing compared to what he does next. Kyle opens and licks and bites and teases me until I come. Before I can come down from my climax he removes his boxers, sheaths himself and as he positions himself at my entrance I place a hand on his chest. 
"Kyle I've never had intercourse and that monster of yours will definitely hurt me". He looks at me stunned but doesn't say anything. Instead of penetrating me he goes back down and this time as his powerful tongue plays with my clit his index finger goes inside me stretching me and preparing me for him. As I am about to come again, I feel him add a second finger inside me and I come even harder than before screaming his name. Now, he comes up and looks at me. "I believe you are ready for me beautiful" to which I furiously nod as I can't wait to feel him inside of me. He enters me slowly and I feel myself stretching to adjust to his size. "I am at your barrier now beautiful. This might hurt" and I nod yet again as I cannot speak. He is right though. It does hurt, but it's not too bad that I would ask him to stop. I am sure it's because he stretched me. Kyle waits a bit before he starts moving and after a few thrusts I actually enjoy what he's doing.
"Alessandra, you are so tight I know I won't be able to last long, but we'll do better the rest of the night"
"The---rest---of---the---night?" I repeat and he laughs. "Absolutely. You didn't think I would be able to have you just once did you? You drive me fucking crazy and I plan to ravish this amazing and delectable body all night" 
And that he did... three more times?. Before we fell asleep tired and replete.
Wow. Who knew sex was this good?
  
 
 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
 
 
I wake up spooning! This is the first time I've woken up in the arms of a guy and I like it. I am warm and I feel safe, protected. I turn around and look at Kyle. He's so beautiful. Like an angel with his high cheekbones, perfect nose, long lashes, square jaw. He's simply stunning. After a while, I checkout the time and notice it's 7:20am. Knowing the twins will be here soon, I decide against my will to slowly pry myself away from Kyle to go shower. As I turn on the water and I'm about to go in, a pair of strong arms wrap themselves around my waist and I can't help but laugh as I enjoy this intimate moment. 
"Good morning beautiful. Why are we up so early?" Kyle kisses my earlobe then trails kisses down my neck. When he bites my shoulder my brain shuts down making me forget the reason why we are up in the first place. After kissing for a while longer I am able to remember the reason we are not in bed. "I make breakfast for Tyler and Tyson and they'll be here soon to wake me up and bring me into the kitchen" I manage to say even though I can barely think right now. Kyle's kisses tend to cancel out my thoughts. 
"Not only beautiful, smart and sexy but she also cooks? A girl after my own heart" He says putting a hand over his chest and I laugh. 
We had sex in the shower and I've got to say it was sexy as hell. He puts on his sweat pants and heads towards his room while I put on a t-shirt and shorts and. When I was about to leave my room I first hear Tyler and Tyson before I see them coming to get me. 
 "Yeah you're up! You're up!" While Tyson grabs my hand, Tyler stands behind me and as one, they shove me towards the kitchen.  I laugh as they yell: "We want pancakes!" all the way to the kitchen. Once inside, I tell Maria to go and make the employees breakfast as I know dad and Sandra won't be up until around 9am and I'll make breakfast for the guys. I could tell she wanted to argue because it is the staff's job, but the idea of spending an hour away from the kitchen must have won at the end as Maria and her two assistants disappeared moments later.
I make silver dollar pancakes for the kids and regular sized pancakes for us accompanied with bacon, sausage patties and western omelets. Maria had already made fresh OJ and a large pot of coffee- which I am thankful for as I desperately need it. Everything's ready and I set the food for the kids on the kitchen table before I bring everything else to the usual dining room as we won't all fit in the kitchen table. As I finish bringing all the food out, the guys all come downstairs. They seem very tired and sleepy -that is until they walk into the dining room and look at all the food on the table plus I'm sure the smell coffee helped as well. 
"Good morning sleepy heads. I made breakfast for all of you. Dig in before it gets cold" They all look at me like I grew an extra head or something. "What?" I asked somewhat uncomfortable. 
"You cooked?" Connor asks bewildered.
"Yes Connor, I cooked" I am clearly annoyed by his question. Didn't I just say that?
Kyle walks in then and stands behind me enveloping me in his arms. "None of our mothers cook Alessandra. That's the reason why it seems incredible that you cooked for us. We either eat something cooked by a chef at home or at a restaurant. Unfortunately, none of us grew up with real home cooked meals"
Well that makes me sad. If those women have so much time in their hands, why can't they make a simple meal for their family? I mean I am not asking them to slave in the kitchen or anything, but at least cook something for your family once a week. 
 "Well now that I am part of your lives I am more than happy to cook for you guys. Anytime you feel like a home cooked meal just let me know and I will make it" I feel so bad for them and everything they have missed that I hug and kiss each of them before we sit down and eat.
"Oh Alessandra, this is delicious!"
"Thanks Luke. I'm glad you like it"
"And you guys should eat her dinner! On her first night here she made grilled steaks with mashed potatoes, mac and cheese and brownies for dessert" Tristan says all proud like I was able to do something to help end hunger or bring world peace. 
"She made all that? I bet Sandra nearly died from a heart attack when she saw meat and potatoes" they all laugh after Connor's comment.
"You know my mom well Connor. She nearly killed Gerald when he mentioned the menu that night. It was hilarious" 
We finish our breakfast and then they all say goodbye as they are heading home soon. Kyle stays behind. To kiss me before he leaves I hope. He hugs me and trails his signature kisses down my neck. "Do you want me to pick you up tomorrow?"
Right. Monday. School. "Not tomorrow, thank you though" I pull back and notice the hurt and disappointment clearly reflected in his beautiful silver eyes. And I explain myself right away. "I want to face my first day as a normal student. Based on Valerie's reaction towards me, I am pretty sure if I were to arrive in your car tomorrow I would be enemy numero uno at Excelsior Academy". I try to make it sound like a joke, but I know all too well how nasty girls can be when they feel threatened. 
"Okay beautiful, but do text me if you change your mind. I would love nothing more than to stay and sleep with you tonight, but I promised my little brother Clark I would spend the day with him" We kiss one last time before I head to my room. Inside, I call Chloe then Kellan and lastly Jameson as I didn't talk to them yesterday.
 
****
 Dad surprised me with a fishing trip just for the two of us. Of course when he said we were fishing I thought we would go to Benson Lake or something. Never in a million years did I think we would go to our own 20 acre compound. Once inside the place dad explains that the compound houses a cabin with its own private lakes. And I do mean lakes as it has a fishing lake plus 3 smaller swimming ponds! We get to the cabin- which isn't really a cabin, but a log mansion. It has 4 bedrooms, 6 bathrooms, library, living room and every other amenity one would expect a home of the rich and famous to have. 
Eric drove us here and he stayed at the cabin while dad and I took a small boat and brought it to the middle of the lake to fish. "Dad, thank you so much for inviting me and spending time with me" He hugs me and kisses the top of my head. "You don't ever need to thank me for spending time with you. I am so sorry I never knew about you. Alessandra you have to believe me when I say I would have never left you" 
"I know dad. Cheryl only visited me 2 or 3 times a year and because we saw each other so few times she used to talk to me like I was much older. Last time she visited me she explained what she did for a living and how you guys met. Cheryl confessed she never told you about me because your career was taking off. She said there was no way you could deal with a child out of wedlock, and with a stripper no less"
Dad spaces out. No doubt thinking this through before he looks back at me. "It is impossible for me to say what I would have done back them. One thing I am sure of is the fact that I would have been part of your life"
 "I guess it's true what they say that everything happens for a reason. If grandma would have died after my 18th birthday I know I would have never looked you up. Nevertheless, I am happy to say I care about you and the twins and even Tristan. I haven't really been around Sandra much, but she seems nice. I honestly thank all of you for welcoming me so openly into your home and your lives" After this emotional moment, dad and I hug again. "Everything I have is also yours Alessandra. I've already included you in my will". Dad must have sensed how uncomfortable this conversation is making me and quickly changes the subject. "So... I noticed how friendly Kyle and you have become" wow jumping from one uncomfortable conversation to the next. Can we go back and talk about money please? 
"Yeah, it got intense pretty quickly. I don't know how to explain it, not even to myself. All I know is that I feel a strong connection to him"
"Connection? Is that what you kids are calling it these days" who knew dad could tease as well. "I'll tell you the same thing I tell Tristan. Just be careful and use protection. I am not ready to be a grandpa yet"
"Well now that you mention it dad I need to visit a local OB GYN" he winces as I mention this, yet decides not to say anything for a while.
"I'll have my assistant schedule an appointment with Dr. Jones. She'll text you the appointment information once it's confirmed" 
"I am sorry dad. I know this is not a comfortable conversation to have. But I think is still better than 'congratulations! You'll soon be a grandfather!'"
He shudders before looking at me. "Yeah you're absolutely right. I will make sure the appointment is scheduled for this week"
 
 
 
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
 
 
It's 7am and I am just waking up. Crap. I will be late for school! I guess I was really tired as I barely slept Saturday or last night. However, it was well worth it. Spending the first making love to Kyle and the latter getting to know Tristan was definitely fun and much better than sleep.
I quickly run to the bathroom and shower. Afterwards, I go to my closet and choose the uniform Sandra had suggested I wear today. It is a plaid navy blue skirt with black leggings and a white V-neck sweater with a beautiful Lana circle diamond necklace. On my feet I wear my Aquatilia wedge booties as I want to be comfortable today since I have no idea how tough the day will be. 
I leave my hair loose and apply my BB cream, a coat of mascara and my lip balm. Then I grab my royal blue Prada backpack and go downstairs. I know, I know it's crazy how Sandra went overboard buying me all this expensive designer stuff. I honestly don't even want to know how much money she spent on Saturday, but apparently absolutely everything she got me is necessary. I still remember what she told me when I mentioned the ten uniforms. "Trust me Alessandra, you will thank me two weeks from now when no one can criticize you for wearing the same uniform twice. There's girls whose job is to notice this things and they are quite vicious about it" 
Call me old fashion and naive, but isn't school a place where we go to learn not to gossip and ridicule others?
Rosa was kind enough to bring me a coffee travel mug along with a sausage, egg and cheese on a croissant. I am so overwhelmed by her thoughtfulness I hug her for making everything so much easier for me. I quickly grab my things and run outside as Eric's already in the Denali ready to go. Seconds later, we leave for school and I am glad for Rosa and Eric as they are making my life easier. 
I am happy that school is only 20 minutes away. The way Eric drives we make it to school by 8:00am. The headmaster's assistant had emailed me my schedule and a map of the school on Friday. Right now I am thankful for knowing where to go as well as for avoiding a tour of the school and meeting with a counselor.
"Bye Eric, I'll text you when I'm ready to leave"
"Good day Alessandra"
"Thanks. I'll need it" He simply chuckles and leaves. I take a deep breath and head inside grateful for being late as there's no one outside. I have AP English for first period and head to class. The teacher's just walking inside the classroom as I am about to go in. Since she had not close the door yet I'm hoping I won't get detention on my first day. 
The teacher looks at me and smiles. Well that's weird. "Welcome! You must be Alessandra Powell" I nod in agreement. 
"You may sit wherever there's room" as I face the classroom I realize Tristan, Kyle and the rest of the guys are in this class as well. Once they notice me, they are all moving a seat over until they send a guy to the open seat in the front of the class.  I walk straight to the back of the class and take my seat between Luke and Kyle.
All the girls gasp as they see what Kyle and crew did for me. Then, I look at the guy who was sent away and even though he's clearly not happy about his new seating arrangement, he doesn't complain about it either.   
I do my best to ignore the prying eyes, but most of all, I try to ignore Kyle as I really need to pay attention to class. The school year had already started and I need to catch up. I look at the class syllabus and out of the 18 books we are reading this year 6 are new to me. Not bad. I can catch up quick.
As I am paying attention to class, Kyle places his hand on my thigh. That touch is distracting enough to being with. However, when you add the fact that his hand is slowly creeping up, his little display of affection becomes too distracting. This is not the time or the place for this little game so I swat his hand away and the bastard just laughs.
The teacher looks up and it's about to reprimand whomever just interrupted her lecture. However, when she notices it was Kyle who was laughing she goes ignores the interruption all together and continues with our lecture. Class is over and everyone seems to be lingering around. They don't have to wait long for the free show as Kyle wastes no time in merging our bodies and claiming my mouth. After another one of his panty melting kisses, he releases me. "Good morning beautiful, I've missed you" he says very close to my ear to keep our conversation as private as possible, but the way some girls are looking at me I now they still heard every word. Some have that dreamy 'I wish it was me' look while others have that 'I hate the new bitch and I want to kill her' look.
 I step back out of his embrace and he lets me. Well not entirely as he laces our fingers together. "Come on we'll walk you to Biology" Wait a minute. I never said what my second period class was.
"How did you know?" he gives me a killer grin as he caresses my cheek. "Mirna gave me a copy of your schedule this morning as I am your personal tour guide" He says it like it is the most natural thing in the world. However, I know it is not as I hear some girls gasp at this new piece of information. Clearly, Kyle Davis has never volunteered to be someone's tour guide before. I can already see it. The rumor and gossip mill going around and every girl at the academy talking about the kiss and Kyle being my tour guide. Oh well these jealous bitches will just have to deal with it and move on.
Now I want to gasp since all the guys have decided to walk me to class! We are now leaving the juniors wing and head towards the sophomore wing where my Biology class is held. Since I don't plan to study anything within the medical field I decided against taking AP Biology and enrolled in normal Biology class instead. As we walk, I notice how the girls are looking at the guys like they were their next meal or as star struck groupies. That's creepy. I hope I've never looked at anyone that way. 
The more we walk, the more I notice that the female population is not alone in acting differently around my friends. The guys nearby are all doing their best to be acknowledge by them. A lucky few are greeted by them while the rest just move out of the way and let us through. Jeez, this is the same thing students do for Jameson and crew back at Woodburn High. Unequivocally, the popular guy effect is at play here, and in full force no doubt. We stopped by my locker and I am putting some things in it when I heard Valerie's thick as honey fake sweet voice "Oh Kyle honey! I am so glad to see you have come looking for me" I purposely keep my head inside my locker as I would rather hear this play out than risk being seen and have it end prematurely. Kyle doesn't reply right away. I dare take a peek and that's when I notice he's so engrossed in what Chase is saying he didn't even pay attention to Valerie! Oh she'll be pissed alright. 
"Kyle, honey" she says a bit louder and more forceful now. I am curious to catch his reaction so I slowly back up. Luke, Tristan and Connor are blocking me from her sight so she has no clue I'm here. I stand behind Tristan who's the closest to me and sneak a peek. Valerie is here with her four minions and they all seemed shocked Kyle's ignoring Queen Valerie. I am sure in their minds they are saying things like: that's blasphemous! How dare Kyle ignore their supreme ruler!
I couldn't hold my laugh and Valerie finally notices me here. "What's so funny?"
"Nothing really. I just remembered something" The guys all turn around and look at me, but it was just a little internal joke so I won't tell them. Thankfully, the bell rings and the guys say their goodbyes as Kyle hugs and kisses me before joining them and going back to their wing. 
Everyone nearby is still out in the hallway and I ignore them. I close my locker door, walk around Valerie and head towards class. Of course Valerie and her minions walk in right behind me. Just my luck. I hope I don't have to see her in all my other classes as well. There's a cluster of five empty chairs towards the middle of the class- which I know is theirs so I stay away from them. Then I spot one empty seat towards the front of the class and go for it. 
"Hi, is someone sitting here?" The girl next to the empty seat is looking down and completely ignoring me. "Hey" I tap her shoulder and she jumps from my contact.  "Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. Can I sit here?" She looks at me like I asked her for a million dollars or something. "Su--sure, this seat is empty"
"Thanks"
"Hello I'm---"
"Yes, I know who you are Miss Alessandra Powell. Everyone here knows who you are. After all, you are today's main topic" Okay I wasn't expecting all that, but now she has peeked my interest. "And what are people saying about me already?"
At my question she blushes and looks down. The second she looks up, she realizes she said too much and now I won't let it slide. I want to know what is being said about me. "Well everyone's talking about how Kyle Davis has fallen for you and how he's following you everywhere. Then there's also the encounter you had with Valerie Richardson where instead of you running away crying (like she does to everyone who crosses her) you pissed her off and caught her hand when she tried to slap you. Then there's the fact that Kyle, Tristan, Chase, Connor and Luke all like you. They've NEVER all liked a girl and they all seem to LIKE you"
Wow that's a very detailed narration of my public encounters with both Kyle and Valerie. Instantly I recognize that we have some serious gossip reporters here. I guess it doesn't matter how much money you have and how many hobbies you can be involved in to keep you busy. When you like to talk and live through other people's lives you'll always find the time to do be nosy. 
"What's your name?" 
"Really? You want to know my name?" What is wrong with this girl! This is why I don't have female friends. They are just too weird! 
"Yes I want to know your name. Otherwise, I wouldn't have asked for it"
"I'm Stacey, Stacey Lawrence"
"Nice to meet you Stacey. Now why wouldn't I want to know you?" There she goes blushing again. "Well because I am a scholarship student. The rest of the students here don't mingle with 'the poor kids'. They ignore us at best, and bully us when they can get away with it"
 You see that right there pisses me off. You shouldn't pick on others because of their social class, race, gender, sexual preference, religion or any other protected class. That is just wrong. I don't pick on people. If I don't like someone is typically because of their attitude towards me or my friends and I tell them straight to their face. I don't go making things up or hiding behind stupid anonymous pranks.
 Stacey and I keep talking quietly during class and I learn that there's 50 scholarship students- which are referred to as 'the 50'. Also, there's about 400 privileged students. They call themselves privileged because the annual tuition here is $50k! Holy shit that's a lot of money. I know colleges that are cheaper than that. Paying that much for high school should be banned. What do expensive schools like this do anyways? Can they guarantee a full ride into an Ivy League school or something?
As Stacey and I kept talking, she confirmed what I already knew and the reality of it was even bigger than what I had expected. Kyle, Tristan, Luke, Connor and Chase are referred to by the others as The Elite. They are the top students not only for the junior class, but for the entire school! I also learn that most of these students have known each other since kindergarten.
"I've been here since freshman year and have heard the stories how The Elite just clicked early on and have remain together since. Other guys have tried to join their group, but they don't allow anyone in" Stacey says and I encourage her to continue. "Sure they are friends with everyone. Heck, they even talk us, the 50, when needed. Plus, they never bully or make fun of anyone. They mainly just stay together" 
"Look Alessandra. You really need to be careful. Valerie and her friends are trying to be the top girls in our school, but they aren't yet. They are just the top girls from our grade. Her sister Ashley was top girl while she was here. What Valerie doesn't want to understand is that she isn't her sister. Ashley was sweet, nice and everyone liked her. That's why she won homecoming queen by a landslide. Dom was prom king and it was perfect as they were so in love" Stacie looks around to make sure no one is listening in to our conversation. "Everyone knows Valerie is hell bent on being Kyle's homecoming queen. She's been dreaming about that for years as well as marrying him" Creepy much?
For once I am glad I enrolled in normal Biology as the exercise we were assigned to do was so easy it allowed Stacie and I to talk this much. When class was dismissed, Stacey and I kept talking to each other as I want to know more. It turns out, we have Trigonometry next period so we walk together. Kyle had texted me a few minutes ago asking if I wanted him to walk me to my next class, but I politely declined. I don't need an escort and I want to see what the other students reaction to me is without Kyle's overwhelming presence.
"Wow, you see Kyle has NEVER offered to walk ANY girl to class before" She sounds so excited I am afraid she will burst. "It's true! For once the gossip mill isn't exaggerating a story! He is crazy about you---but what's not to like" 
"What do you mean?"
"Nothing"
"Stacey, if you and I are going to be friends you have to cut the crap and stop blushing every time I ask you something. That right there is the main reason you don't have a boyfriend" She looks up at me like I hurt her feelings. Crap. You see! Girls are too sensitive. I take a deep breath and try to fix this. I place a hand on her shoulder to stop her from walking any further. "Look, I'm usually very good at reading people and you seem like a very nice, genuine person- which is the reason why I want us to be friends. But I don't do well with female friends because girls are usually too sensitive or jealous and I don't always use a filter. If you are okay with me telling you things as I see them, then we can be friends" I say this as softly as I can. I mean, the last thing I need is for her to run off crying right now.
 She simply nods and we keep walking towards class. 
 
 **** 
Stacey is like my own Google page for anything and everything Excelsior. I guess being a scholarship student- especially one as shy as her- she is able to move around unnoticed. It also seems people say things in front of her they normally wouldn't want someone else to hear. I am very interested in seeing this particular bathroom she told me about. It is the forefront for gossip. It is where all of the important meetings take place when girls have something worthy to talk to one another about. Knowing where it is will most likely come in handy later. 
In Trig class Stacey introduces me to Paul, Lizzie and Daniella. They are part of the 50 as well. I can tell they were shocked to see me with Stacey. "Why are you guys shocked?"
Paul looks at me with questioning eyes while Daniella still looks shocked and Lizzie looks hopeful. 
"Look, I don't want anything from Stacey other than friendship. Not to toot my horn or anything, but I'm pretty smart and I won't need help with my homework. I can write my own papers if that is where you're going with that look. Okay?" I give him my 'cut that crap look' so he knows I mean business. Immediately, Paul scratches the back of his head and looks embarrassed now. "I'm sorry Alessandra, it's just that even though you just got here today you are royalty and it's just not like privileged students to talk to one of the 50 unless they want our help with school stuff you or something" 
Uh, what the hell is he talking about? "What do you mean royalty?" 
"Oh please like you don't know that being the daughter of our state Governor places you right at the top of the social pyramid. Add your relationship with Kyle Davis plus the fact you didn't back down to her royal bitchiness and you most likely became the top girl in Excelsior" says Daniella without pausing -which is pretty impressive. 
"Well excuse me for not knowing or caring about any of that. And the fact that someone placed me there doesn't mean I cannot be friends with Stacey or anyone else I feel like. So you and everyone else will have to deal with it" I give Daniella, Paul and Lizzie a hard look.
"You truly mean it?" Stacey says looking at me like I'm her superhero or something. I seriously need to help this girl out. 
"Stacey I've already told you that good or bad I say what I think so stop questioning me" 
"Sorry" she looks down and blushes for like the 20th time!
"And stop being sorry every 2 minutes, and blushing and hiding your face. You won't catch a guy's attention if you keep doing that" At this comment she looks even more embarrassed. What's interesting though is the fact that she already likes someone. I bump her shoulder and force her to look up. "So spill it. Who do you like?" she shakes her head like she doesn't want to tell me. "Oh so it's someone I already know" she stiffens and I look at Lizzie as I am sure she knows who it is, yet I don't want her to tell me. I want Stacey to do it. "Is it Luke?" no reaction there. "Connor?" negative there "Chase?" nope "Tristan?" bingo! 
"So you like my brother. We'll you are in luck as I know for a fact he doesn't have a girlfriend" I say while wiggling my eyebrows and throwing my arm over her shoulder. Paul looks at me with a confused face and both Daniella and Lizzie are suddenly excited. Unfortunately, Stacey is as red as a fire engine. Clearly embarrassed about all of the attention she's getting. 
"Stop Alessandra! He doesn't know me. He doesn't know I even exists and he would never go for someone like me" Oh boy. On top of everything else the girl has self-esteem issues. I really have my work cut out with this one.
I step back and take a good look at her. She's about 5'5" and seems a bit chubby. Her hair is a pretty shade of strawberry blonde. Her eyes are bright green- which you can barely see behind her huge glasses. She has a few adorable freckles around her nose. Overall, she is pretty, but she does need a makeover. She also desperately needs to be introduced to a deep conditioner and a flattering haircut. Having Lasik surgery and visiting a stylist wouldn't hurt either. Okay she does need some work, but it is definitely possible to get Tristan to notice her. 
The teacher rushes in apologizing for her tardiness and our lecture begins right away. Putting all thoughts of helping my friend out to the back burner, for now.
Afterwards, the five of us walk together to our next class- which is US History and we sit together. Valerie and her minions are here and they must have taken second period off to devise their tactics against me as they've already begun. "Oh good! Little miss bastard recognizes her class. She's already associated herself with the poor kids" Valerie says and her minions cackle. It all sounds so fake and rehearsed that it's boring and downright pathetic. I simply turn around and yawn as I look at them. Due to my unexpected reaction the rest of the class laughs while Valerie is even more upset than before. I face forward again, wink at Stacey and mind my business ignoring everyone around me. Thankfully, the teacher walks in and saves us from anymore stupid comments.
 
****
 Kyle surprises me by being outside my History class and I can't help but hug and kiss him right away. He must have loved my reaction since he grabs my ass and makes me wrap my legs around his waist without caring about the students -and possible faculty members- walking by. If he doesn't then why should I?
"Hey handsome. Were you missing me already?" I tease him as I pull back a bit so I can see his face. He gently bites my lower lip before pulling back again. "Always" 
"You've got lunch period now" 
"Oh so we aren't able to eat together?" he smiles when he hears the disappointment in my voice. "No, unfortunately mine's is not until next period. I came because I had to see you" I lower myself and we walk with joined hands as he escorts me to the cafeteria. "Aren't you going to be late for your next class?"
He brings my hand up to his lips and kisses it. "Nah don't worry about it. I've got Poli Sci next and my teacher's cool. Besides, I'm your designated tour guide remember" he winks at me and I can't help but smile. We walk inside the cafeteria and everyone looks at us. Some are shocked while others are pissed. Too soon for my liking, Kyle kisses me goodbye and leaves. 
I quickly purchase my food so I can find my friends and go sit with them. Valerie and company seem ready to kill me yet I ignore them. I go to where my friends are seated and they quickly make room for me. There's 10 students seated at this table. And that includes Stacey, Lizzie, Daniella and Paul.
 "Hello" I say to everyone, but the new ones do not respond. "Its okay guys Alessandra's cool" Paul says and I'm surprised he is the one who vouches for me. After that, they all warm up to me. Then I learn they are the sophomores who are part of the 50.
"So Stacey what was all that about when I walked in?" The 10 all look at me like I should know. "Every class has their own lunch period so the fact that there was a junior here is already scandalous. Said junior being Kyle Davis well that is simply unheard of and the way he kissed you goodbye was just picture perfect" She says this last part in such a dreamy way you would think she's retelling a scene from her favorite Channing Tatum romantic flick. Not surprisingly, all the girls at the table nod in agreement. 
"Stop" I tell Stacey and they all look at me confused. "Stop referring to Kyle, Tristan and the rest of the guys like they were royalty or Hollywood stars or something. They are students like the rest of us. Yes they may have more money than most. Plus incredibly handsome, but they are still people. They aren't better than anyone else so stop placing them on that high pedestal"    
"Yeah that's easy for you to say---you're one of them" says one of the other girls and some of the students nod. 
"What's your name?" she looks down. Seriously? I have to work with all of these girls and their self-esteem. I guess these rich snobs have really done a number on the 50. 
"Susanne"
"Well Susanne, I just got here today and yet you seem to have placed me in a nice little box already. Tell me, is it really that simple? Someone arrives and on their first day without getting to know that person you can read and label him or her?" 
I wasn't planning for our first group conversation to be so uncomfortable. I need to change the course of this conversation and hopefully lighten the mood. "I want to get to know the 10. Each of you tell me a bit about yourself" I learn they come from different parts of town. Three of them are here because their parents are part of the faculty while the rest are here because they are super smart. Stacey and Roger are here thanks to my dad. He personally sponsors 2 students every year. I am glad to learn he is not the only one since other parents sponsor students as well. The ones who aren't lucky to get a full ride are here on other types of scholarships. Can you imagine needing financial aid to go to high school? That's crazy!
Well I find it commendable that some rich parents are using their money to help others better themselves. Instead of buying a $50k ostrich purse or going crazy at a casino they are doing something good and worthy. 
"So where do you really come from Alessandra?" well that's interesting. It sounds like there are stories going around. "Daniella, what are the theories out there?"
She looks at me and grins. "Well, one is that you were placed in foster care and your father just found you. Another is that your mom just died and told you the truth about your father and you came looking for him. The third one going around is that he had sent you to a boarding school abroad and you asked to come back" 
"Nice stories but none are true. I lived with my grandmother in Woodburn. She recently died so I decided it was time to look for my father and well here I am"
"You knew who your dad was and you never looked for him?"
"Yes Paul. My mom told me since I was little who my father was, but I was honestly happy with my grandma and my friends" that's all the explanation they'll get from me. 
"Wait, you said you're from Woodburn?" I nod to Paul's question.
"Did you go to Woodburn High?" I nod again not sure where he's going with this.
"Their football team is one of the best in the state" Paul says and I can see the football flame being born. "Yeah that's because they have the number one receiver in the state Jameson O'Brien"
"Yeah he's awesome"
"And so gorgeous" Wow I didn't know Jameson was so popular outside our town. 
 "Their quarterback really messed up though. Last week in a random drug test his results came back positive for steroids. He was kicked out of the team. Now Kellan O'Brien has taken over as their quarterback. He already helped them win last Friday's game 27-14" 
I feel so bad and pissed at the same time. I know I've really have dropped the ball with Jameson and Kellan lately. But seriously? This is major news! How come I didn't know any of this? I should have known this. They are my best friends after all.
 "Isn't Kellan only a junior?" someone else chimes in and I immediately correct him. "No, he's a sophomore" They all look at me now. 
"Do you know the O'Brien's?" Paul asks and I shrug. I don't feel like disclosing my relationship with them just yet. Especially because I have no intention of playing 100 questions with my new friends. Seconds later the bell rings and I am glad lunchtime is over. 
The following class was pretty much the same as the ones before. Five of the 10 are with me and so are Valerie and friends. They continue with their petty comments and I continue to ignore them- which only pisses them off since this particular tactic is not working.
  We have gym next and we head towards the locker to change. I am glad is during our last period though. I mean who likes running and sweating between classes? I learn that the guys get to play basketball or run while the girls get to play volleyball or run. I would rather run yet Daniella, Lizzie and Stacey play volleyball and beg me to join them. As I'm changing into my gym clothes Valerie and friends come and surround me. They stand in a way that is clearly meant to intimidate me yet it doesn't. I mean, I am 5'10" and the tallest mean girl is 5'7" and maybe 120lbs. Looking at their nails they all have those manicured long acrylic ones and I doubt they have ever fought anyone in their live- unless you count trying to snatch the last available trendy purse at the store fighting.  No, they seem more like the trash talk and cyber bullying type. But I guess they feel strong since I seem to be outnumbered. 
I ignore them and continue changing until Valerie gets pissed and slams shut my locker door. I decide to play along. Now I turn around and look at her. "Look bitch, Kyle is MINE and you better back the hell up or you'll be sorry" I simply laugh. This girl is clearly more delusional than I thought. "Yours? Seriously? He's not a puppy you bought at a store. Valerie you are delusional and pathetic. You have been crushing on him for 11 years. If he hasn't dated you yet he never will. Why can't you get that?"
I look around and all the girls are here getting a front row seat to the show. Stacey looks like she's ready to faint while Daniella looks excited that someone's finally willing to take Valerie on.    
Now, Valerie gets closer and pokes my chest with her finger looking up at me as menacing as she can. "Listen well and mark my words. Kyle is mine and you won't take him away from me. I know he's just fooling around with you and he will come to me once he's ready. He was with me on Sunday you know" she smirks while her friends all nod in agreement. I know she's making it up to look better in front of her girls because Kyle spent the day with Clark. However, I think I've done enough damage to this girl for one day. I'll let that one slide, for now. 
Someone must have called coach as she just got here. "Is there a problem girls?" Valerie turns around and gives the coach her most adorable smile. "Not at all Coach Harris. Alessandra and I were just talking" she pats me in the back as hard as she can, yet I barely move. Immediately, I return the gesture as I reply to the coach before she turns to walk out. "Yup just talking coach. No problem here" Only when I pat Valerie's back she stumbles and falls on top of one of her minions and everyone laughs.
"Are you okay Valerie? I told you to watch your step sweetie" I say in that same fake honey dipped tone she uses so much before I walk away. Now all the girls are looking at me like I'm their hero or something. I guess Valerie is really disliked here.
Volleyball practice is fun. It turns out Valerie runs so it was good that the girls asked me to play volleyball instead of running. During the game, I met more girls and they all seemed nice. Perhaps I can have girlfriends here? We talk about our classes and boys in general. It turns out most of the girls have crushes on one of The Elite. No surprise there. I mean they are all gorgeous.
Daniella and Stacey leave as soon as gym is finished without showering. They live in the same neighborhood and Daniella's sister picks them up on her way back home from work. If they aren't outside right away Maritza leaves them behind. I say bye and quickly hit the showers. As I head back out I realize my locker was vandalized (no surprise as to who did it) and all of my clothes are missing. Oh well, at least my backpack, sneakers and cell are still here.  I grab my phone and send Kyle a text.
me: Hey handsome do have any spare clothes I can borrow?
Kyle: I do. Why? What happened?
me: I'll tell you later. Can you bring them to the girls' locker room please?
Kyle: Sure thing. B there in 10
me: k thanks! 
I wait around in my towel until Kyle lets me know he's here. I briskly walk outside where I find him standing near the locker room entrance wearing basketball shorts and a t-shirt. I drink him in as he's covered in sweat looking delicious and pissed. "What the fuck happened to your clothes?"
"Just a stupid prank. Don't worry about it"
"Was it Valerie?"
"Of course it was her, but don't worry about it. I'll handle it" He doesn't look convinced or happy about it, but nods as he hands me a football jersey and a pair of basketball shorts. I give him a quick kiss and thank him before I head back inside and change. I don't want to push my luck and risk being seen with only a towel wrapped around me outside the locker room.
I do wear my sweaty bra, but skip the panties as they would feel too gross.  When I leave the locker room, I notice that Valerie and her friends are lingering outside- clearly waiting for me to walk out with my towel. They poke each other signaling my arrival and as they see I have clothes on, they can't hide how upset they are. I walk by them slowly giving them ample time to realize I'm wearing Kyle's clothes. The moment they do, they are livid and I can't help but laugh.
"Bye girls, thank you for the makeover. Kyle's clothes smell amazing. Of course none of you will ever smell them up close like I am right now" I wink at them and strut towards the gym where I plan to watch the guys' basketball game. As soon as I walk into the gym Tristan sees me. "Looking good sis. You're going to play?" I can tell he's kidding; however, I do play basketball. I've been playing for years with Jameson and Kellan. I debate whether I should play or not, considering what I'm wearing. Since I did a super tight knot on the basketball shorts I know they won't fall. I tug them hard anyways to double check and when I see they stay in place I smile at Tristan and accept his challenge. "Sure, I'll play" 
I can tell he's trying to figure out whether I'm serious or not. When he notices I am ready to play, he smirks and throws me the ball. I catch it, dribble it and head towards him. I fake a pass and run past him shooting a two pointer. The guys are fist pumping me and they seem impressed I can play. 
"Damn sis, I didn't know you could play" he says throwing his arm around my shoulder and I return his smirk. "There's still a lot you don't know about me bro" I wink at him and I feel Kyle's arms around me. "My girlfriend's awesome. She can do anything" he wasn't here when I came in. Perhaps he was in the bathroom? I turn around and kiss his cheek before I head towards the bleachers. Their teams are complete now and I'm not taking anyone's spot. They ask if I want to play, but I pass. Besides, I can use this time to call Kellan.  
"Hey stranger" he says as he greets me and I can't deny it hurts.
"Yeah I guess I deserve that. I'm sorry I haven't called recently. I hear congratulations are in order" He stays quiet for a while.
"Yeah thanks. I mean that's not the way I wanted to be the team's QB but I'll take it"
"I'm so proud of you and I miss you guys so much. Are you coming over with Jameson on Friday?"
"Nah, I can't. Coach has us training until late every night to get ready for the homecoming game"
"Homecoming all ready? When is it?"
"Two weeks from now"
"Cool. You'll be ready. You're awesome"
"Thanks babe" I smile knowing he's back to normal.
"Listen babe, I don't mean to cut this short. Don't get me wrong, I'm happy you called, but I've got to get back to practice. I'll talk to you later. Okay?"
"Okay Kellan, love you"
"Love you too babe"
 
God I miss him and Jameson and Chloe so much. At least I'll see Jameson on Friday. Suddenly, I can't wait for the week to be over since I'll get to spend some time with my best friend.

 
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
 
 
Today's Wednesday and I'm on my way to school with Tristan. We're in his white Range Rover -which is pretty cool. "So are you seeing anyone bro?" He laughs at my question "Where did that come from?"
"Well there's tons of girls at school crushing on you and yet I haven't seen you with any of them. I was just wondering if you just happen to have someone I don't know about or perhaps you're just selective and are waiting for a particular girl to come along" We are at a red light so he's able to turn and look at me. "If I didn't know any better I would say you are trying to hook me up with someone" I simply shrug. I need to know his type before I can talk to him about Stacey.  
"Well if you must know I am selective as you say. I don't just hook up with anyone. As for a particular type, I don't think I have one" I look at him with doubt. I mean, most guys have a type of girl they are usually drawn to.
"Okay, you probably don't know your type. Most guys don't until someone points it out. Think about the last five girls you have hooked up with. Where they blondes, redheads, brunettes or did they have black hair?" 
"2 blondes, one brunette and 2 with black hair"
"Nice bro! You really are fair game" at that he laughs and shrugs.
"Okay, how about height and body type? Tell me about their bodies" 
"That's were the similarities do come as they were about 5'6", more less 130lbs and I like them curvy, but not fake. I can't deal with fake boobs. I don't like how they feel"  
We arrive at school and park. It's funny how The Elite have their 'assigned' parking spots. They are the closest spots to the senior/junior main entrance. Now I laugh as I hadn't noticed they each have Range Rovers. Tristan's is white, Kyle's is silver, Luke's is black, Connor's is dark green and Chase's is navy blue. 
"Tristan, I'm going out with a friend after school. He's picking me up. I'll leave this bag in your Rover so I can change once class is over"
"Sure thing sis, no problem" he throws me the keys and I quickly catch them and put them away. "Is this friend a guy?"
"Do you really have to ask?" he shakes his head and laughs. At that moment Kyle walks over and lifts me up so I wrap my legs around his waist before we start kissing- more like making out really.
"Good morning beautiful. When will you let me drive you to school?"
"You don't have to go out of your way to get me when Tristan and I are both coming here" he nuzzles my neck and I can't help the moan that escapes me. I love it when he does that. "Yeah but it isn't about catching a ride. It's about us spending more time together" He pulls back and looks at me intently. "I miss being with you and it's driving me fucking insane. I need to be inside of you again. I can't wait until the weekend. Can we spend some time together tonight?" He sits me on the hood of his SUV, away from the rest of the guys and nearby students.
Shit I hadn't told him about tonight. "I can't tonight Kyle. I'm meeting with my friend Xander. He's the one I told you lives here and goes to SSU" The way he's looking at me tells me he's both pissed and surprised.
"How old is Xander?"
"19"
"I see. Does he like you?" 
"Yes, but it's not a date or anything like that. He's just a friend" I don't think he believes me and that doesn't sit well with me. I don't normally lie.
 "Where are you guys going?"
"I honestly don't know. He's picking me up here right after school. I can text you when I know where we are going" He's all tensed and I don't like it. I grab his chin and make him look at me again. "Kyle, I really like you and I like being with you. I know what we have has progressed quickly" he smirks and I smile thinking how great sex was on Saturday night. "We don't really know each other well, but if there's one thing you need to know about me is that I do not cheat. I think cheaters are selfish, cowards and weak and I would never disrespect myself or my partner by cheating" I let him see how deadly serious I am about this and he visibly relaxes.
Afterwards, Kyle gives me one of his out of this world kisses and leaves me breathless, panting and definitely asking for more. He pulls away and holds my face in his large hands. "Alessandra, I've never felt this way before and it scares the shit out of me. I've never been the one doing all the chasing" and I laugh knowing it's true. "It's like you bewitched me or something. You are all I can think of and yet you seem normal. Like you aren't as affected by me as I am by you and that scares me even more" He's being so honest with me right now that all I can think about is that I must reassure him I feel the same way about him. 
"Let's go" he raises a brow as he isn't understanding my statement. So I tell him again. "Let's get out of here. Let's go somewhere private and be together right now" Once again he looks into my eyes and sees I am being serious. Now that he gets what I'm saying he gives me the biggest grin yet. Before I can even blink, he lifts me up, opens his Rover, sits me on the passenger side and nearly runs to the driver's side. I can't help but giggle at his eagerness. Jeez what is Salem turning me into?
The rest of the guys look our way. No doubt thinking something bad happened as Kyle nearly ran over other students as he flew out of the parking lot. He calls Tristan to let him know everything's okay and we just wanted some alone time. After the call, he laced our fingers together and placed our joined hands on his thigh. He looks so happy I wish we could do this daily, just for me to see that beautiful smile on his face.
We parked at a hotel and Kyle got us a room in no time. Moments later we are headed towards the 10th floor to the penthouse suite no less. As soon as the elevator door opened Kyle carried me bridal style and didn't even put me down to open the suite's door. Even though he brought me straight into the bedroom I was still able to notice how beautiful this place is. I feel odd being here because this place is way too big for two people looking to spend a few hours together. It is more like a posh apartment with a living room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms each with their own huge bathrooms.
"Kyle, we could have done with a smaller room. We won't need all this space" He stops walking and looks at me intently. "Alessandra, this is nothing compared to what I want to do for you. I want to shower you with gifts, but I know that's not what you want. I am not sure what to do for you so please when we are together let me do nice things like these, okay?"
"You are right. I wouldn't feel comfortable if you started buying me stuff. Sandra already took me shopping and I honestly think I've got enough clothes to last me a year. Besides, I like you. Not your money or whatever else you could offer me"
"You really don't know who I am do you?"
"What do you mean?"
"Who my father is" he looks shy as he says this. "No, I don't. I don't really know anything about your father or Chase's or Connor's or Luke's. I've always thought that if there's anything I want to know about someone I would ask and not allow Google or the gossip mill to tell me"
He nodded and I kissed him to help get rid of all this unnecessary tension. Equally as important is the fact that we have limited time and I don't want to waste another minute talking about things we can address later. I relax now that Kyle finally responded and he's taking over, making up for lost time. We both moan at the intensity of our embrace. Soon, our clothes are off and I am feeling his amazing body.
Kyle is not wasting any more time. He lays me down and goes to work on my clit. His skills are out of this world. I don't even want to think how he became this good, but there's no denying he is amazing and has me coming hard and fast. Just as quickly, he enters me bare and has me seeing stars. "Oh Kyle... this feels so good, so right"
He starts moving faster, but I guess it is not enough as he lifts me up and has me wrap my legs around his waist. He continues thrusting into me this way and the intensity of it is simply too much. Kyle is so strong, so sexy, all I can think about is him and how overwhelming it is to be making love to him.
"Shit Alessandra. I won't last this first time. I'll pull out before I come"
"Don't. I'm on birth control and I want to feel you come inside of me" He looks deep into my eyes and kisses me as he thrusts even harder. Moments later we both come merely seconds apart and it was the most intense climax yet.
"That was amazing Kyle. You are amazing" I tell him in between kisses and laughs of ecstasy. "I never knew sex could be so good. I mean, I've always heard my friends say it is good, but I never thought it really was" He rubs my cheek and looks at me. "It isn't always this way beautiful. Our love making is special because of our connection. Trust me. Sometimes it feels mechanical. But between us it feels like so much more. It's as if we were meant to be together? as one"
"Together as one" I whisper back. Liking the sound of that.

 
 
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
 
 
Kyle and I must have fallen asleep after making love as the sound of a phone startles us. "Shit! It's 11am love" He goes to grab his phone and I plan to get up, but he holds me in place and I lay on his chest instead.
"Mother"
"Yeah something came up and I had to leave school"
"Call them back and excuse me and Alessandra Powell please"
"Yes she's with me"
"No, everything is fine"
"She's my girlfriend mom"
"Since this week"
"Why do you care anyways?"
"Fine, I won't forget"
"Yes, bye"
 He hangs up the phone and runs his free hand through his face clearly upset by whatever his mother said.
"Everything okay?" He kisses my head and holds me tight. "Yeah everything's fine. Mirna must have called my mother and told her about my absence today. She wanted to make sure I was fine" I sit up a bit and look into his eyes. "Kyle, this is the second time I hear you say that I'm your girlfriend, yet we haven't really talked about it"
 He holds my face in his hands and kisses me. "Alessandra, to me you are already more than that" I guess the shock of his confession must be clearly reflected on my face as he kisses my nose and grins. "I know people need to label relationships and I get it. It's a way of knowing where they stand and feel confident about one another. You must know that to me you are even more important than my girlfriend. But I know if I referred to you as more than that you would freak out so let's just say you are my girlfriend" 
I nod and lay my head to rest on his chest once again.
 
**** 
It's 3pm and we just returned to school. We made love three more times before we left the hotel. I still need to collect my clothes from Tristan's Rover and go change before Xander comes for me at 3:30pm. Kyle also had a reason for being here since he has football practice at 3:30pm. He needed to be here on time in order to take part in today's session. He walks me to Tristan's Rover and waits for me to collect my bag. Afterwards, we walk inside the school holding hands. Our hair is wet and I am sure we have that 'thoroughly fucked afterglow' so no one will be fooled as to what we did outside school all day. However, I can honestly say I don't care. After all, Kyle is my boyfriend. He said so himself.  
We are outside the bathroom when hugs me before he rests his head on my shoulder and kisses it. "Please be careful and text me when you know where you're going" I pull back and smile. "I will handsome. Don't worry okay. You need to learn to trust me" He steps back and nods and I head inside the bathroom to change when I hear some girls come in.
"Oh my gosh did you see Kyle and the new girl? I mean they left as soon as they got here this morning and they returned just now" I'm not sure she sounds completely jealous. I mean there are hints of other emotions on the tone of her voice as well. Then a second one chimes in. "She's so lucky. I would do Kyle in a heartbeat. Too bad he doesn't have eyes for anyone else. What's up with that? I mean she's pretty, but she's not all that you know?"
Then a third one adds her two cents. "What's so special about her that he finally decided to date and choose her?"
"Well perhaps now that he has decided to date he's willing to go out with others. Maybe they aren't exclusive. I sure as hell wouldn't mind being his on the side" another one says and they all agree. "He's so hot and rich!" After this they all giggle and leave the bathroom.  
I don't even want to process everything they just said. Even if I wanted to, I don't have the time right now. Xander just texted me letting me know he's outside. I take a quick look at myself. I'm wearing a pair of dark blue Rag &Bone jeans, a white Brunello Cucinelli boyfriend cashmere sweater and these really cool Gucci motorcycle boots. I put my hair in a low ponytail and apply some makeup. 
As I step out of the bathroom I see there are still some students lingering in the hallways and they are mostly looking at me. I didn't really know any of them so I simply ignored them. When I leave the school's main building and head towards the parking lot, I notice Xander standing by his bike. Some guys are talking to him (clearly admiring his bike) while some girls are 'discreetly' getting closer to him trying to catch his attention. The moment he sees me he excuses himself from the group and comes to meet me. It is so good to see someone from my previous life once again that I nearly jumped on him. I was able to control the urge as the last thing I need is more gossip. However, I did hug him and kiss his cheek before we headed towards his bike and left my school behind. 
We rode about 20 minutes to a bar restaurant. Once inside the place Xander had his hand on my lower back while he guided me towards a booth. After, he got closer and spoke softly in my ear, "Alessandra, you look amazing" I turned around and notice how his eyes are roaming my entire body. With all the stress from losing grandma and moving here I've been exercising less and my body is softer than last time he saw me. This change accentuates my curves and I can safely assume he approves.
 Xander also looks even better than before, much stronger. Even his hair is longer now and it definitely makes me want to touch it and I can't help myself so I run my fingers through his soft curls. "You look even better than before as well" he gives me that beautiful smile of his as he takes my hand and kisses it. "A great complement coming from you Alessandra" I swat his arm playfully as we reach our booth, promptly sitting down and looking at the menu.
"I know what I'm having" I tell him moments later and he smiles. "Really so quickly? What will you get Alessandra?"
"I'm having a bacon cheddar cheeseburger with fries and a vanilla shake" God I haven't had a cheeseburger in ages. My mouth is salivating for it. I close the menu and notice Xander is looking at me in a weird way. "What?"
He smiles and shakes his head. "That's what I like about you. You are smart, funny, confident and aren't afraid to speak your mind or eat what you want. I am sick and tired of all those girls who will only eat a salad in front of a guy"
I laugh at his comment as that has never made any sense to me. Why order a plate of lettuce only to get home and eat half the content of your fridge because you left the restaurant hungry? "Well you know me. I'll eat what I want when I want"
My phone vibrates in my pocket and as I take it out I realize I haven't texted Kyle as I told him I would. I look at my phone and I notice it's a text from Kyle with a picture attached to it.
 Kyle: Alessandra, you said you would text me when you knew where you were going. I had a break during practice and went to check my phone and instead of a text from you I got this anonymous one with these two pictures. Care to explain? 
The first, is a picture of Xander and I hugging while we greeted each other at school. Dreading this whole thing I scroll down and braise myself for the second picture- which was taken here at the restaurant when I ran my fingers through his hair. Shit! This one looks really intimate. No wonder Kyle texted me. 
 me: I am so sorry. I know the picture looks bad, but nothing happened! I was just complementing his hair as it is longer than the last time I saw him. Obviously, Valerie or one of her minions has been busy following us. We are at a restaurant waiting for our burgers right now with tons of people around.
Me: I promise to keep my hands to myself and text you once we get to our next location. Please don't be mad.  
I put my phone away and hate the fact that I don't feel comfortable being here now that I know we were followed. I got to do something about it as I won't let Valerie mess with me. Suddenly, an idea comes to mind and I stand. "Xander, I'll be back in a minute" He nods probably thinking I'm going to the restroom. However, I go by the staff's service station grab a steak knife and place it in my back pocket. I step outside through the back door and head to the parking lot where I find my prize: Valerie's Porsche. I bend and stab two of her tires. That will teach her a lesson and keep her here long enough not to be able to follow us again. How do I know that's her Porsche? Two reasons. Frist, this is not a fancy enough place for people with expensive imported cars to eat at. Second, this Porsche is purple with the vanity plate 'princess V' and I have seen it enough times at school to know that it's hers. 
Luckily, there are no cameras on the parking lot (I checked before I did anything) and it is dark enough that I know no one saw me slash her tires. I walk back inside the restaurant, go wash my hands and get rid of the knife before I head back to my table. I act like everything is normal and wait for us to finish our meal so we can pay and leave Valerie behind.  
"What do you want to do next?" Xander asks me and I no longer feel like being outside. "Can we go to the movies? I haven't been since Woodburn"
He grins clearly remembering our make out session at the movies. "Perfect! There's a movie theater not too far from here. We can go there" As he starts his bike and we are backing out of the parking lot I hear Valerie scream in frustration and I can't help but laugh. That will show her not to mess with me.
 As soon as we got to the movies I texted Kyle to let him know where we were. We watched an action movie an Xander brought me home afterwards. Once we got to the security gate I took off my helmet as I knew whomever was on duty tonight wouldn't let us in otherwise. "Hey Peck, how are you tonight?" the bouncer size security guard realizes it's me and smiles. "Hey Alessandra, I wasn't recognizing you. Go ahead"
"Peck, this is my friend Xander Morrison. Please add him to the list of visitors"
"Will do. Good night"
"Good night" 
We got to the front of the mansion and Xander whistled. "Holy shit! This is how the one percent lives huh" I playfully swatted his arm. "Right. Because you are so poor" Xander turned around and looked at me, all playfulness gone. "My father's rich. I'm not" 
I crossed my arms over my chest. "Well ditto here" he smirks knowing full well it's true. "Touché" We begin walking around and I give Xander some time to gawk. "How do you not get lost in this place?" I chuckle at his question as I thought the same thing when I moved here. "I know! I nearly asked for a map the first couple of days here" I grabbed his arm and made him follow me. "Come inside. Let me show you around" 
Once we got to the door Gerald opened it. "Hey Gerald. Is everyone home?"
"Good evening Miss Powell (he is the only one who still addresses me so formally). The Governor is in his study. Madame Powell is in her suite. Master Tristan is at the gym and Tyler and Tyson are in their quarters" After the report, Gerald nodded and left. 
We went straight to the gym as I want to introduce Xander to Tristan. Even though the lights are on Tristan isn't here. We walk to the indoor pool and I hear voices and I know he isn't alone. As we step inside I see Tristan is in here with Kyle. At the sound of the door they both turn our way, step out of the water and walk towards us. "Hey sis, I didn't know you were bringing company" Tristan is trying to defuse the tension that has grown in here and I thank him for that.
I've been looking at Kyle's face the entire time and I noticed the moment he saw me walk-in and how quickly it changed when Xander stepped inside the room behind me. Xander stood straight and extended his hand- clearly trying to be the bigger man here. "Hello, I'm Xander Morrison" 
"Tristan Fitzgerald Powell" They keep shaking their hands and looking at each other doing that whole sizing up thing guys love to do. It isn't until moments later that Kyle finally decides to walk over and when he does he gives me a kiss that I am sure is meant to show Xander I am taken. When I can finally break free, I look over at Xander trying to apologize with my eyes. Xander being a better man extends his hand out to greet Kyle and I know they are playing that whole 'my dick is bigger than yours' game.
I look at Kyle who is clearly waiting for me to do the introduction. "Xander this is Kyle, my boyfriend" At this added piece of information both Xander and Tristan say at once "boyfriend"
"Yes as of this morning actually" I tell them. 
"Oh wow. That was fast" Xander says and I think he sounds a bit shocked and hurt by this statement. Kyle wraps an arm around my waist and kisses my neck before looking at Xander. "Yeah I know. But Alessandra is so special I couldn't wait. I just knew I needed to claim her before someone else beat me to it" 
Xander nodded, "I know exactly what you mean. She is one of a kind" I am not one who easily blushes or feels intimidated, but the sincerity and the intensity with which Xander says this really gets to me. I grab Xander's arm and step out of Kyle's embrace. "I am going to finish giving Xander the tour. Will you guys still be here in 10 minutes?" They both nodded and Xander said goodbye before we continued to tour the house. When we were outside Xander turned me so I could face him. "Alessandra, why did you decide to be his girlfriend? Is it because of his money?" I looked at Xander incredulously. His comment really pissed me off. 
"Seriously! Xander I thought you knew me better than that. You know I've never been one to care about money! Now I know you made that comment to hurt me and I'm sorry I didn't mention him while we were out, but like I said, he just asked me to be his girlfriend this morning so it's still pretty new"
 He runs his fingers through his hair and groans. "You're right I'm sorry. It's just you barely moved here and you are already taken. I was hoping now that we were going to be closer we could have a shot at a relationship and I am late yet again. It's just frustrating you know?" He looks at me pleadingly and I relax a bit, but I'm still pissed about his comment.
"I really like you Alessandra and I would like to have the opportunity to date you. I know you and I can be great together" he paces a bit before he turns back and looks at me again. "I won't give up. Please promise you'll still be my friend and we could still hang out together? I also want you to promise me you will give me a shot if and when things go south with Kyle"
 "Xander, I can't promise you that. For all I know Kyle and I can be together forever or we could break up two weeks from now. Either way, you could have found someone else by then. What I can promise is to still be your friend and spend time with you" He looks at me and I know he wants to say more, yet he stays silent and merely nods. Suddenly, I don't want to spend any more time with him right now. I walk him back to his bike and we say our goodbyes. 

 
 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
 
 
I walk back inside the pool area unsure of the mood Kyle will be in. This is the first time I've dealt with a jealous Kyle and I am not sure how he will react. Tristan is gone and Kyle is swimming really fast. I just stand here and admire his technique. He is an impressive swimmer. So powerful and graceful. He wastes no movements as he breaks the water. Instantly, I strip down to my underwear and dive into the pool pacing myself along with him. When he finally notices someone else is in the water and realizes it's me, he slows down and I go to him. When I'm close enough to touch him he stops and I wrap my legs around his waist. Now that we are facing each other I place one hand on his chest and the other behind his neck. I look into his eyes and we stay like this for a while.
 "God Alessandra you are truly going to be the death of me. When I was on break during practice I checked my phone as you promised to text me where you would be. I was excited to look at my phone as there were pictures waiting for me. But when I saw you and Xander hugging and then you running your fingers through his hair, I felt like pummeling someone to the ground. I've never felt this much rage before and I know I'll have to deal with it and learn how to control myself. Hell, you told me all of your friends are guys and judging by how quickly I fell for you I can't blame them if they all want you as well" He gave a nervous laugh- clearly finding nothing funny about his own statement. "Fuck even the guys were saying how they would love to clone you and have an Alessandra for themselves"
 "What the heck are you talking about?" 
He runs his knuckles over my cheek gently and I can't help but lean into his touch. "You truly don't see how special you are Alessandra. You are beautiful, funny, smart and fun to be around. You also can play and talk sports and aren't the jealous type. You don't hover or try to run my life like most other girls would. You don't even ask me for anything. It's like you were handmade for me" We both laugh at how corny that sounds, but I appreciate his complement nonetheless. "I know it sounds cheesy, but it's true. You are perfect" now it's my turn to laugh. "Kyle I am far from perfect. You just don't know me well enough yet. Give it some time and I will have you running for the hills"
"Well I like everything I have seen so far" and I think we've talked enough so I kiss him. Our kiss turns scorching hot pretty quick and I want him again. I know we were just together this morning. What can I say? He's turned me into a horny sex crazed teenager. "I want you Kyle"
He grins widely- clearly happy to hear those four words. "Let's go to your room"
"No, I want you here, in the water, now" I can see this animalistic need taking over him and I can't help the excitement that runs through me. Not sure if it's because he agreed to do it in the water and it's the first time doing it here or if it's just because it's Kyle. He continues to kiss me as he moves us to the shallow side of the pool until he can stand. He takes off his swimming trunks and my panties. Immediately after I wrap my legs around his waist again and he enters me. His movements are short, quick and very deep. "It's to prevent the water from going inside of you and interfering with our love making" he explains and I grin at how experienced and smart my boyfriend is.
It is intense and quick and I don't come, but its okay. I sure as hell don't expect to come each time. Hell, I have read there's tons of women that never come with a partner. We are both panting and smiling when Tristan walks back inside and we quickly grab our discarded bottoms and put them back on. Kyle hugs me and brings his head to my shoulder "You are amazing" he whispers before he brings himself out of the water and helps me do the same. 
We say our goodbyes and I head upstairs to my room. When I open the door I am immediately greeted by the wonderful fragrance of roses. There's got to be at least five dozen in here! I walk over to my desk first as there's a box sitting on it. I open it and find a pair of Aquatilla booties (the same Valerie damaged today) and a gift certificate to have another uniform made. I pick up the card and read it:
 
Hey beautiful, 
I know you don't want any gifts, yet that is something I cannot and will not listen to. I love being with you too much not to give you everything. 
I am sorry about Valerie. I will talk to her tomorrow and have her stop messing with you.
The flowers are just because you accepting to be my girlfriend has made me the luckiest man in the world.  
 Yours,
Kyle 
I am smiling so hard my cheeks hurt. This is so lovely, I can't even begin to describe how happy his thoughtfulness makes me feel.
Someone's knocking on my door and brings me back to reality. "Come in" 
Dad walks inside looks at all the flowers and raises an eyebrow as he walks over and hugs me. "Hey honey. What's the occasion? I know it's not your birthday" and I laugh. "Hi dad, no it's not. I became Kyle's girlfriend today and he sent the flowers as a thank you" Dad walks around and looks at the content of the box. "Well I get the flowers, but what about this?"
I think about what to say to dad, and decide to go with the truth. "There's this delusional evil girl in school who has been in love with Kyle for years and hates me for being with him. She opened my locker during gym class, stole my clothes and wrecked my shoes" I point towards the shoes inside the box. "Kyle replace the shoes and gave me a gift certificate to have my uniform tailored"
Dad looks at me concerned now. "Alessandra, what else has this girl done to you and who is she? I'll have her expelled!" I hug him and look up into his eyes feeling pleased by his reaction. "Dad please don't. I promise if things get out of hand with her I'll tell you and you can do something about it. For now, let me deal with it please". Then I laugh as I recalled what I did to her tires. "Besides, after tonight I think she will either leave me alone or come after me with a vengeance" I chuckle once again as I think about how pissed she was when we left the restaurant.
 "What do you mean? What happened tonight?" I told dad everything: how Valerie and her friends have treated me at school. Her following Xander and I to the restaurant and also taking our pictures and sending them to Kyle. I even confessed to slashing her tires.
Dad actually laughed. That is until he thought about the seriousness of what I just said. "I know you want to handle it, but I need to know who she is" I was about to argue yet he stopped me. "I will hold you to that promise that you will tell me the moment things get worse. I will wait until then to intervene" 
"Her name is Valerie Richardson" dad seems surprised to hear the name. "Thomas Richardson's daughter?" I shrug. "I don't know dad. I don't know any of these kids' parents. I can ask Tristan. I'm sure he knows who her father is"
 "That's fine. Don't worry" dad kisses me good night and reaches for his cell the moment he leaves my room. After I am alone, I sit on my couch and look around at all my beautiful flowers. I call Kyle to thank him for the flowers and the gifts and we end up talking for a bit. Afterwards, I texted Xander to make sure he got home okay. Then I texted Kellan and Jameson. Lastly, I called Chloe as I haven't heard her voice in a while. She wanted to come with Jameson on Friday to see me, but Timothy will be home on Sunday and she needs to stay.
I wish Kellan was coming as well, but he can't since he has a football game Friday night. Jameson has been excused from the game as he has an interview with ESPN magazine. My best friend will be featured in the college edition. How freaking cool is that! 
Jameson hasn't mentioned anything, but that's just him being his usual humble self. I did get all the details from Chloe though, and I promised her I'll go with him. She sounded so happy and relieved that her son won't be alone and I wanted to laugh. It's not like he's a 5 year old boy traveling on his own. She tells me the shoot is at 4pm and he needs to be there no later than 2pm to prep for everything. I assure her I will be with him the entire time and we say our goodbyes.
 
**** 
It's Friday morning and Kyle came to pick me up as we are driving to school together. Our fingers are laced and our joined hands are resting on his thigh. Taking everything in I smile loving the level of closeness and comfort we've reached so fast. "Kyle, I'm leaving school early today as I am meeting with my best friend. He's coming from Woodburn for a sports magazine interview and I'm going with him" Kyle nods and after a while he looks at me. "You love Jameson" it wasn't a question and there was no hidden agenda behind his statement either. I guess he just wants confirmation. "Yes I do. He's been my best friend since I was 5 years old. I love him and I cannot picture my life without him in it" I feel and see how Kyle tenses and I sigh.
"Kyle look at me please" when he does, I continue. "I love Jameson, but I am not in love with him. There's never been a romantic interest between us. His younger brother Kellan was my boyfriend for 7 months until he accidentally cheated on me" At my choice of words Kyle gives me a good wholehearted laugh. "Please explain to me how someone can "accidentally cheat"?" And so I tell him the whole story about Brianna and the party. 
"Well in his case I guess it's true. He didn't plan on cheating on you, but who knows how far he would have allowed Brianna to go if you had not walked in on them. I mean she was already naked and you know she didn't walk into the bathroom that way" He looks at me and I nod in agreement. "Kellan should have stopped her the moment he opened his eyes and noticed it wasn't you" I never really thought of it that way. I guess because I know I was never in love with Kellan and I was secretly relieved to have a valid reason to break up with him. Of course I would never have told Kellan that. I was granted an out and I gladly took it. 
 "So I won't be seeing you tonight then" and I feel shitty after hearing the sadness in his voice. "No, you won't. Jameson's sleeping over and he's driving back to Woodburn tomorrow"
"Where will he sleep?" Jeez, why does he wants to know everything? Because he's my boyfriend, that's why. 
By now we have already reached school and are parked on our usual spot. The guys are standing by Chase's Rover talking and they have gotten used to us taking our time before we join them. I hold Kyle's chin and make him look at me once more. "Kyle, Jameson will be staying with me. In my room. I know that sounds bad, but I can promise you NOTHING will happen! Jameson is family to me. We've been having sleepovers for the past 10 years. I even slept with him HOLDING me for the first three nights after my grandma died as I wasn't ready to be alone in my house yet"
I see he's really trying to understand what I'm saying and I kiss him to show him how much he means to me. I let this kiss convince him about my feelings for him, and how he has nothing to worry about. When the kiss ends, Kyle holds my face in his hands and places his forehead against mine. "Alessandra, you can't begin to understand how deep you've stationed yourself into my heart. I fucking breathe you and I cannot think about another guy taking you away from me. I understand what you are saying and I know I can't compete with the history you've got with Jameson. But I'm a guy and I know there's no fucking way I would be able to be just friends with a girl like you. You might not have feelings for Jameson, but I don't know if he feels the same way"
 The bell rings and we reluctantly leave the SUV and join the guys before we all walk inside school.
 
 
 
CHAPTER NINETEEN
 
 
Dad called ahead and excused me so I could leave school early since Jameson is picking me up during lunch break. As soon as our class ends Stacey, Lizzie and Daniella come with me to the restroom to be with me while I change out of this uniform. I told them I'm leaving early as I'm spending the day with a friend, but I didn't tell them who it is. I change into these really cool Rag & Bone Anfield splatter jeans with a simple fitted white V neck t-shirt, my Rick Owens leather wedge booties and this awesome Herve Leger leather double zip jacket with gold metal details. I tease my hair to give it some volume. Then I apply a thin line of black eyeliner to bring out my eyes as well as two coats of mascara. I don't really do much else as I think my best feature are my eyes.
 Daniella smirks at me as I am taking a last look at myself. "What?"
"Are you sure you're meeting just a friend? You look incredibly hot for merely going out with a friend" Lizzie and Stacey furiously nod in agreement. 
"Yeah well he has a photo shoot and an interview this afternoon.  I'm going with him so I figured I should dress appropriately" Shit! I wasn't planning on letting them know all that. Now they'll ask a million questions. Stacey's face illuminates like a Christmas tree and she jumps with excitement. "Oh really! Who's your friend? Is he famous? He's got to be if he's being interviewed!" I don't reply, and we leave the restroom. I'm hoping she'll drop the questioning, but I know that's just wishful thinking. These girls are relentless when it comes to things they consider newsworthy. 
 Stacey keeps nagging me about letting them know who my friend is when Paul and the rest of the 10 join in the fun. I glare at Daniella and she grins widely. Yeah, leave it to her to text the whole gang. I take this opportunity and give them all a stern look. "Aren't you guys' hungry? You will miss lunch if you keep following me" Hoping against all odds that will get them off my back. "No way Alessandra. The fact that you don't want to tell us who your friend is means we should miss lunch and wait with you for this 'so call friend' to arrive" The guys start hi fiving Paul like he just said something Nobel prize worthy. 
At that moment my phone buzzes and I know Jameson's here. I take a deep breath knowing I can't evade my friends. The 10 and I head towards the parking lot and I notice the black Escalade before I am able to see its owner. When Jameson steps out of the SUV I can't hold back my giddiness! God I have missed him so much and he looks amazing! He's wearing fitted jeans with a white t-shirt, dark boots and his aviators. His hair is all messy and his smile is just as dazzling as I remembered. Did I mention how much I have missed him? 
I am so excited I don't hear what my friends are saying as I break from the group and run towards him. Jameson catches me and holds me tight. Instinctively, I close my eyes and take this moment in. Next, Jameson kisses my head and whispers in my ear. "I've missed you so much Alessandra" I step away and look at him. "I have missed you too. I love you" He gives me that dazzling smile of his before he replies. "And I love you" 
Just then my friends step closer and someone clears its throat. I turn around without moving away from Jameson. "Guys this is---" and I didn't get to say his name because Paul immediately recognized him. "Holy mothership! You're Jameson O'Brien!" he says it so loud even nearby students turn and look our way. Jameson extends his hand and greets all of my friends. I see Stacey, Lizzie and Daniella's faces and notice they have been James-dazzled. I knew it! They were hit with Jameson's extra potent pheromones and now they are forever in love with him.
"Alessandra how come you never said you were friends with him?" I simply shrug. The guys asked Jameson tons of questions and he politely answered them until we had to leave. We got into his Escalade and as we are driving out of the parking lot I see Valerie and her minions had been watching the whole thing. Great, I guess more pictures are going to be sent to Kyle shortly. Oh well. There's nothing I can really do about it now.
 
****
 We are both hungry yet we didn't stop to eat as the magazine will be providing food for all the athletes they'll be interviewing. "So--" we both started speaking at the same time and now we laugh. "You first please" Jameson says and I talk now. "So how do you feel? And congratulations are in order. I am so proud of you Jameson. But I got to say it did sting that I had to find out from your number one fan in Salem (Paul) that you are this   year's first draft!" 
He scratches the back of his head as he smiles. "Yeah you know me. I don't like to brag. I am excited and a bit scared though. I was told they'll be about 10 other guys at the shoot today" he gives a nervous laugh and I hold his hand and squeeze it. "I guess I'm not sure what to expect"
 "Don't worry about it. You'll be charming and amazing and sexy and will kill this interview" He smirks at me. "So you think I'm sexy huh" I laugh and smack his arm. "Stop fishing for complements Jameson O'Brien. You know exactly what you've got and you don't need me to boost your ego- which I'm sure it's as big as the Grand Canyon" he merely shakes his head and laughs. 
We make small talk about how school has been so far for both of us until we arrive at the hotel where the interview is taking place. The valet opens the door for me and Jameson and I head towards the concierge desk to ask where the shoot is happening. We are told to head towards the pool area and I am automatically excited. Will they have all of these athletes strip and wear only swimming trunks? That would be fun.
We walk into the pool area and there's already nine other guys standing around talking. I look at them and they are all tall and well built. I think whomever chose the athletes for the shoot was looking for both talent and beauty. I hope they do decide to strip these fine male specimens. If that's the case they will sell more magazines that Playboy next month! I for one will be among the first ones to buy a magazine or two. 
Once we reach them they automatically stop talking and greet us. They all do that head nod that guys love followed by fist bumps. One of them looks at me from head to toe before giving me what I can only assume is his signature smoldering look with complementary killer smile. "And who are you sugar?"
 Jameson laughs as anyone who knows me would agree that I am definitely not sweet enough to be called sugar. "My name is Candy" I say in my sweetest tone while batting my eyelashes. I have to stop myself from laughing as he's totally buying it. "Really?"
"No dude. My name is Alessandra" and they all laugh.
Someone claps behind us and we promptly turn around. "Alright guys listen up! My name is Morris and am the interview and photo shoot coordinator. The meal is right behind this door. I ask if you are going to eat please do so now as you will go to the dressing room in half hour. Today's photographer is Jean Pierre Dubois and he'll be here in less than two hours. His team is already here preparing everything and you all need to be ready to go by the time he arrives"
We all head towards the buffet and I am glad to see they set up a long table for us to seat down and eat. We fill our plates and sit down. The guys close to me all look at me weird. "What?"
Jameson laughs and they shake their heads. Dylan- who's sitting right next to me is the one who answers. "It's just that girls usually don't eat around guys yet you are eating nearly as much as us" Oh God! Must I really defend every girl who is not afraid to eat every time I'm with guys? 
"Well I'm not like other girls Dylan. If I'm hungry I eat. I won't wait to binge when I'm alone and there's no one to see me eat. I can assure you there are millions of girls around the world who do eat on a daily basis. Even in front of guys"
Jameson laughs and the guys all look at him now.  "There was this one time Alessandra was at my house and I dared her to eat the entire chicken mom had cooked that night. I honestly didn't think she would do it, yet she ate the whole thing! When mom came back into the kitchen and saw there was no meat left she grounded us both. Then she sent us to KFC to buy more chicken" We all start laughing now. "Wait so you guys are related? I thought you were a couple" says Lawrence who's seating across from me and the hopeful look he's giving me now makes me feel bad. He's a really cute guy with one of those baby faces that makes you want to hug him and cuddle with him. 
"Nah, we aren't related. She's my best friend. We lived next door for years and she was always at my house. When mom used to ground her Alessandra wasn't allowed in my house" I shake my head remembering those few times. "Yeah that was worse than anything else she could have ever done to me. I loved being in that house instead of being alone in mine" 
We talk to the guys some more and I am surprised to learn they aren't all from Oregon. Some of them have traveled from Washington, California and Nebraska. When we are done eating the guys are quickly ushered to get their makeup and clothes ready and I stay behind. I take this opportunity to snoop around and explore the place. I walk over to the set where some of the pictures will be taken and I am surprised to see all the lights, umbrellas and props. I never realized so many gadgets were involved in a professional photo shoot. 
"Amazing right? There's so much going on here" I jump a bit as I didn't hear anyone approach me. I turn around and there's a sexy older man standing right behind me. He looks European and I can only guess this is the famous photographer.
 "Yes there is. I guess it takes a lot to make a picture look perfect" he smiles, seemingly agreeing with me. "Yes it does. A lot of people think it's as simple as point, click and shoot yet we must take into account the lighting and the subject we are photographing. When we are capturing people, it is even harder as we have to show emotions and sometimes it is difficult to do" I nod. "I think you are very creative to shoot these guys by the water. They are all young and good looking and I am sure these pictures will come out great" He bows and I can't help but giggle at his gesture. "Thank you, mademoiselle" I curtsy as I reply "de rien" then he smiles and looks surprised. "You speak French?"
"Oui"
"Have you ever been to France?"
"No, I have not. I haven't left the continental US yet, but I plan to travel as soon as school is over"
"Ah mademoiselle pardon my lack of manners today. I am Jean Pierre"
"Alessandra" I offer as we shake hands. "You are very different than what I pictured" I admit and he looks puzzled so I explain. "When the coordinator came in barging orders I pictured you were one of those arrogant, narcissistic men who got to work at the eleventh hour after his team had done everything" Jean Pierre places a hand on his chest feigning being hurt and I can't help but laugh at his theatrics.
"Well I am glad I am not that way. I'll even let you in on a little secret. My assistant acts like an ass because people need to be told what to do. Believe me when I tell you that being nice in this cutthroat business doesn't work. When you're nice people relax and do things when they want and not when you need them to" 
I guess it makes sense what he's saying. "Are the guys going into the water?" Jean Pierre looks at the pool before he answers. "I was thinking about it yet there's something missing in order for it to work. They are all football players and not swimmers. If I just make them strip and jump into the pool it would be great for another type of magazine but not for this ESPN issue. We have to be able to relate them to their sport" He most notice my confusion. "What is it Alessandra?" 
"Well in general aren't most magazines purchased by women?" Jean Pierre nods and waits for me to elaborate.  "If ESPN wants women to purchase this edition then showing the guys only in their football gear won't be appealing enough. These guys have great bodies and they are going to be near the pool. I think the magazine would sell better if the guys are showcased in the pool. I am not saying don't do your preconceived pictures. I'm merely suggesting maybe a couple of group shots of them playing together in and out of the water. I for one would buy the magazine if I was told the guys showed off their toned bodies"
 Jean Pierre scratches his chin as he ponders what I just said. "We can try it. Once I am done with all of their shots we can do a few group shots" I am smiling as I think about how great those shots will be. "But then you have to be in the group picture as well"
"Huh?"
"A bunch of guys in a pool without something to do is just lame. We don't have any beach balls or anything else here we can throw in there to make it seem like they are having fun. However, if there's a beautiful girl in the water with them then the picture would make sense" I shake my head. "I don't know Jean Pierre. Besides, won't the magazine have a say on this? I don't think they want a girl in the pictures, just their football players" Jean Pierre smiles widely at me and I doubt I'll like what he says next.  "Nice try but no. They always give me free reign to do as I please and if you want a group picture then you have to be in it" 
Just then the guys come out all dressed up and ready to go. They each have on the uniform of the college they intend to play for. I notice there's 3 of them aside from Jameson that will also be going to SSU. I move aside- not wanting to be in the way of the shoot. It's been a while and I am awed by how Jean Pierre directs the guys, but more so by his creativity. I am sure he is a genius and I completely understand why the magazine flew him from Paris for this shoot. Jean Pierre takes some group shots and then individual ones and they all look amazing. 
"Okay guys this part is done. Now come here" he calls them over and they all gather around him. "Now I was talking with Alessandra earlier. I believe you all know her" and the guys all nod. "She suggested we do some shots in the pool and I was telling her that 10 guys in a pool by themselves is lame" and they all nod once more. "Now if there was a girl among you guys then things would be interesting" they all laugh with excitement. "Will we be hugging and kissing her?" Bruce asks and Jean Pierre gives him a look that clearly says he won't even answer that. 
I gulp hard as I take in their expressions. They are all excited about the idea and they waste no time telling Jean Pierre they agree. Jameson walks over next to me and throws his arm over my shoulder. "Well it seems you are getting in the water" and I sigh thinking how I was nearly conned into this.
 














 
 
CHAPTER TWENTY
 
 
"I'm sorry to disappoint you guys, but I got no bathing suit" I grin thinking how that little piece of cloth has saved me. Unfortunately, Jean Pierre's assistant comes over and tells us he has plenty bathing suits in the dressing room.  After being ushered inside a room I come back out once my hair and makeup are done. I am wearing a royal blue bikini that makes my eyes pop.  The moment the guys see me they start to wolf whistle and I laugh.
Jean Pierre wastes no time and has us take a few pictures outside the water. Me with all of the guys, me with a few of the guys at a time and then the same with all of us in the water. Afterwards, he takes some individual shots of me and each guy. At the end, I am exhausted and have a new found respect for models. This is not easy and to think that many of them do this for an entire day with just an apple in their stomach!
 "All right guys that's a wrap! Thank you all for being so patient and such willing participants!" Everyone who has helped out claps and we are all excited that it is finally over. I am walking towards Jean Pierre to thank him when someone approaches him first.
"Hey Jean, how was everything?" says a voice that sounds somewhat familiar. As I get closer I realize its Derek who's standing next to Jean Pierre! He looks so different than that night at Blue. He has on black trousers, a light blue oxford and his hair is pulled back in a low ponytail. What is it with this men? Why are they all so good looking?
They both notice me as I reach them. "Alessandra? What are you doing here?"
"Hi Derek, it's nice to see you too. I was waiting on my friend while he was working with Jean Pierre. What are you doing here? How was Singapore?"
"How did you know about Singapore?"
"Dom mentioned it when you didn't come back to the VIP room with the rest of the group" He smiles and I can't help but smile back. 
After that, Jean Pierre looks at me proud. "Yeah and I took advantage of Alessandra's presence and included her in the photo shoot" Derek looks at me with such an intensity that makes me a bit nervous. "Well with your talent and her beauty I'm sure this issue will be a best seller" 
Jean Pierre pats Derek's back as he agrees. "That is true mon ami"  
Derek looks at me again and finally answers my question. "I work here" he says while Jean Pierre gives him an odd look that makes Derek laugh as he scratches the back of his neck. "Fine. My father owns this hotel. I came down because I wanted to make sure everything was to Jean's liking"
 Jameson walks over to us and I introduce him to Derek. "The guys are all staying at this hotel tonight. How about we hang out with them instead?"
"Yeah that's fine with me" I reply. "Why don't you all come down to the hotel's club tonight?" I look at Derek and the way he smiles I'm sure he's asking because he wants to do something nice for us. 
"That will be great Derek thanks!"
"Yeah, just let Mack know who you are and he'll bring you guys to one of our VIP rooms. Since you guys are underage I would rather have you all in one place. There won't be any alcohol served to you guys, but you'll be able to hear the music, dance and enjoy the club" 
With our plans for this evening squared out, we say goodbye to Derek and Jean Pierre and go to where the guys are at and tell them about our plans for the night. They are all shouting and already talking about the girls they will meet, and hopefully hookup with, tonight. We agree to meet at the hotel lobby at 10pm and then Jameson and I go home to change.
 
 
 
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE
 
 
Once Jameson and I are home we look for dad. The plan is to tell him about tonight and go get dressed.
"Holy shit Alessandra! You told me the house was big but I never thought it was this huge. It's like 7 Woodburn houses in one" I laugh because this reaction never gets old. When he came in last time he didn't get the tour. Of course he knew the pace was big, but not as enormous as it truly is.
Gerald had informed me Tristan is not home. This makes me happy as it means Kyle won't be here tonight. I am glad Kyle decided to give me time alone with Jameson. I only get to see my best friend today and I want to have some fun with him.  
I texted Kyle several times from the pool. First when I got there and then when Jean Pierre wanted me to be in the photo shoot. His reply was very short and then he texted to tell me he was most likely going out with the guys tonight. I told him if they decided to go out to have fun. 
I think tonight is going to be good for us. Our relationship has been too intense since day one and a bit of alone time with our friends will be favorable. 
 "Hi dad, you remember Jameson don't you?"
"Hi honey" he hugs and kisses me before he shakes Jameson's hand. "Of course. Jameson how are you?"
"I am doing well Governor. Thank you for letting me stay here tonight"
"Please call me Alessandro. This is your house young man. By the way, I never thanked you for taking care of my daughter all of these years. I know she loves you and you are family to her- which makes you part of this family. If there's anything I can ever do for you just name it"
 Afterwards, we eat dinner and head upstairs to spend some time together before we go back to the hotel. "Damn this room is sick! We could have a party in here" Jameson throws himself on my bed and I laugh at how happy he looks here.
"You know it will be awesome when you move here to go to SSU. We can have regular sleepovers when you aren't playing football, studying for tests or banging college girls" and we both laugh as we know it's true. Jameson has been sleeping with college girls since he was 15. Now that he will actually be in college I am sure he'll have a line of girls eagerly waiting to lay on theirs back for him. I will be surprised if he can get any studying done. 
 "Come on butterfly. You make me sound like a whore"
"No at all. I mean, a whore charges and you pleasure them all for free" I stick out my tongue and we both laugh as I jump on my bed right next to him and we soon start a pillow fight. I lost of course, but I got him good a few times so I'm happy. "God, I've missed this" Jameson says as he hugs me and kisses my head. I look up at him smiling. "I've missed it too. Promise me I'll see you as often as you can once you start college"
"Of course I promise. You'll see me so much you'll get sick of me" I look at him like he lost his mind. "Jameson, I could never get sick of you" and I take advantage of this moment as he dropped his guard to smack him one last time with my pillow. He wasn't expecting it and I was able to hit his face. "Oh you got me. You got me good. Now run and hope I can't catch you because when I do I'll tickle you without mercy" 
 
****
 We are walking into the hotel and I can see the guys are already waiting for us. They all look great! A few look nervous while the rest seem to be excited and ready to party. I'm wearing an amazing Versace studded fringe-hem leather short dress that's so cool I want to wear it every day. I paired it with simple black sandals and styled my hair into a sleek high ponytail and played up my eyes. 
 "Hey guys!" I say while Jameson does one head nod for all. At the sound of my voice they all turn and look at me. "Damn Alessandra, are you trying to give us a heart attack?" says Steve- one of the jokers in the group while I hear Dwayne as he adds his two cents. "Or a boner" and we all laugh at that. I walk up to Steve and place my hand on his chest feeling how fast his heart is racing before I move over to Dwayne. "Dwayne, I am sure they'll be plenty of girls in there tonight that will be willing to do something about Li'll Dwayne" and I sashay back to where Jameson is and all the guys are making fun of Dwayne now.
"There's nothing little about me girl. You're more than welcome to find out"
"I'll take your word Dwayne, but thanks for the offer" We skip the line to go inside the club and walk straight to the bouncer- who I assume is Mack.
"Hey, are you Mack?" he looks at me up and down before doing the same with the guys. "Are you Alessandra?" I nod and he speaks to someone on his radio. A minute later another mammoth size guy walks out of the club and escorts us to our VIP room. It is pretty similar to the one at Blue and the guys are immediately impressed- that is until they realize there's no liquor stocked at our bar and I laugh. "Did you guys really expect for the hotel to allow 11 minors to drink? Besides, you don't want to fly or drive hung-over tomorrow so just drink some soda or juice and have fun tonight" They seem to be thinking about it before their spirits are lifted and they start joking around. While they are all distracted I take the opportunity to text Kyle.
 me: Hey handsome. We' are in the club at The Royale Hotel. Derek got us a VIP room (with no alcohol so don't worry) and the guys are relaxing and joking around. How about you?
 After a while he replies.
 K: hey beautiful, we are all at Blue. We got the same room we always do, but the guys allowed some girls to come in this time. They're drinking and dancing.
 me: How about you? Anyone in particular you're dancing with? 
K: yeah, there's this girl I have known all my life. Her name's Victoria. I found her here tonight and we've been catching up. 
 me: cool. Have fun then. 
 K: yeah, u 2
 He's still upset I didn't spend any time with him today, but there's nothing I can do about it tonight. I'll just have to make it up to him tomorrow.
 
****
 It's 3am by the time we make it home. We didn't drink any alcohol so we're good. Once in my room we take turns showering and getting ready for bed. The moment my head lands on the pillow I fall asleep. Next thing I know the usual terror twins earthquake is happening and I am awake. I look at the clock and notice it's 10am. At least they let us sleep this morning. "Good morning Tyler. Good morning Tyson. Thank you for letting me sleep. Have you not had breakfast yet?"
They keep jumping as they speak. "Yeah, Rosa made us breakfast and mom stopped us from coming in here sooner. We want to play with you. Can you play?" I get up as I know there's no winning with these guys. "Yeah, what do you guys want to do?" 
Jameson wakes up, looks at the guys and give them fist pumps. "Hey guys do you like football?" 
"Yeah!" they both yell at the same time. "Cool. How about we go and watch a game? The team has practice today. We can go to campus and watch them" 
That being decided we go downstairs to eat breakfast and then get dressed to go to SSU.  On our way to campus I text Kyle.
 
me: Hey handsome. How are you?
 k: hey beautiful. I'm good. Just waking up now.
me: Late night?
k: Yeah, the guys wanted to stay as they were having fun. We didn't make it home until 5. 
me: did u have fun?
k: yeah I did
 I don't know what to say. I don't feel happy about him spending time with this Victoria yet I can't say anything as I'm spending time with Jameson. 
me: what r u doing today?
 
My phone rings and I see Kyle called instead of answering via text. That automatically sets off my alarms as it is obviously not good. Thankfully, we are already on campus and Jameson is parking. He takes the twins out and leaves me alone in the SUV to talk privately. "Hey"
"Victoria stayed in my house last night" Kyle says and he pauses, I guess waiting for me to say something, but I don't and he continues. "I've known her since we were little and my parents love her. She lives in Seattle and came over with her dad for business. I am supposed to keep her company and entertain her until they leave tonight" 
I know being mad about Victoria staying at Kyle's makes me seem like a hypocrite, but something about his relationship with her doesn't sit right with me. However, I can't say anything as I'm still spending time with Jameson.
 There's a lot I want to say, but it doesn't matter. "Well, have fun with Victoria" I say before I hang up. I get out of the SUV and head towards the bleachers were the guys are sitting down. My heart and my mind are nowhere near this place and Jameson knows it. He also knows I'll talk about it when I'm ready so he doesn't push me to say anything. We finish watching the practice game and Jameson goes to greet his future teammates before we leave. 
Once we leave SSU behind we head straight back home where Jameson grabs his bag and heads back to Woodburn. I feel bad that I nearly chased him way, but he knows I need some time alone to process whatever is going on. 
I stay in my room for the rest of the day. In here, I do something I've never done before, something I had said I would never do. I went online and googled Kyle. I am surprised to realize there's so much I am able to find on him. No wonder they were all shocked when I said I didn't know him. He is Salem's #1 bachelor under 21. Browsing through the list I am glad to see that the rest of the guys made the top 10 as well. 
I learned Kyle is the eldest son of Senator William Davis and socialite Marnie Davis. There's quite a few pictures of him and different girls and then I finally find what I am truly looking for- which are the pictures of him and Victoria. Her name is Victoria Elizabeth King and she's the daughter of multi-millionaire Robert King. According to this website, Robert is one of William's main contributors and is fully backing up his presidential campaign. It is certain that William will be the official presidential candidate for his party and if these polls are true, then he will win the presidency if he does run for it.
Holy shit! Kyle could be the First Son! No wonder he's so guarded. He can't afford to embarrass his dad with scandalous behavior. He should have mentioned all of this to me earlier! I take a better look at Victoria and realize her and I couldn't have been more different. She is petite with very light skin, platinum blonde hair and green eyes. She is definitely beautiful. However, what truly catches my eye is how lovingly she looks at Kyle in every single picture. What consoles me and gives me hope is that in most pictures he doesn't even look at her since he looks straight at the camera.  
She loves him. That is why my alarm was triggered. He doesn't love her. But she does love him. And I get it. Kyle is easy to love. Easy to love? WTH? Where did that come from?
 I must be going mad from being cooped in my room and that's why I thought that. Right?
 
CHAPTER TWENTY TWO
 
 Things have been off with Kyle all week. He's not nearly as affectionate as he normally is and that worries me. However, I don't tell him anything. If he needs time to deal with whatever is bothering him then I'll be supportive and give it to him.
 It's Friday afternoon and Kyle and I are driving back to my house. We are holding hands as we normally do, but I can tell something's really troubling him because his mind is miles away.
"Kyle, you know I'm here for you right? We can talk about whatever it is that is plaguing you" He doesn't say anything right away. After a while, he sighs and looks at me and when he does the sadness in his eyes gets to me. "Thanks. I am sorry I haven't really been here this week. I've had a lot in my mind" I nod and remain silent as I have nothing else to say. We get to my house and he stops by the fountain as always, but doesn't turn of the Rover. "Are you coming in?"
"No, there's some things I need to help my dad with" We haven't spent any time together at all this week and I can feel him pulling away and it's freaking me out. "Okay then" as I step out and I'm about to close the door he looks at me. "Wait! There's this fundraising event my dad's having tomorrow. Do you want to go with me?"
It's the first time he has mentioned us going out in a while and I can't help but hope this means we are getting back on track. "Yes! Of course I'll go with you" I see relief in his beautiful silver orbs and I'm glad that whatever is eating at him has nothing to do with me.
"Perfect. Please be ready by 6pm"
 
****
 It's 4pm and I am trying to figure out what to wear. I am inside my closet and look around noticing how Sandra has continued to shop for me. I know because I've found additional clothes in my closet I've never seen before. Right now I can really use some help as I am not sure how formal must I dress to this event. I told Gerald to ask Sandra to come into my room the moment she got home. Suddenly, there's movement outside my closet. 
 "Oh thank God you are here Sandra! I have no idea what to wear!" she comes over and hugs me.
"Hello sweetie. Don't worry about it. We'll find something in no time" and I can relax for the first time all day knowing Sandra will know how to dress me. Especially since I will be meeting Kyle's family for the first time tonight and I want to look my best.
Dad told me he wants to run for Senator as he wishes to fill in Senator Davis soon to be vacated seat in Washington come next year. That is a big deal as he would be in DC most of the time. There's lots of planning involved. Dad and Sandra are still deciding whether he would move to DC alone and travel back and forth as often as he can (like Kyle's father does) or if the whole family moving to Washington DC would be the best thing to do.
 Just then there's someone knocking on my door. Moments later we notice Gerald walking in and he's holding a box! "Miss Powell, this box just came in for you" He handed it over and nodded before he left. I place the box on my bed and when I opened it I gasped at the beautiful dress and matching shoes I found inside. I look at Sandra thinking she did this, but she shakes her head. "Don't look at me sweetie. I wish I could take credit for getting you such a beautiful dress, but it wasn't me" 
I carefully take the dress out and look at it. The front is really high- which is good as I won't have to wear any jewelry with it. I turn it around and notice that the back is open and the dress has a train that falls beautifully. I love the dress. It is so me. Once I bring the shoes out I notice there's a card inside the box and I pick it up and read it.
 
Alessandra,
 Please do me the honor of wearing this dress tonight. I saw it at the store today and thought it belonged with you.
Yours now and always,
 Kyle
 
 The note and the detail says he was being thoughtful and I am grateful. But I know something's wrong. I just can't put my finger on what it is yet. 
I work my hair into a fancy chiffon and apply my signature light makeup while accentuating my eyes. I wear the new dress along with the Manolo black leather sandals that came with it. Before leaving my room, I grab a wrap and a clutch. Then I head downstairs as it is 6pm and I know Kyle will be here any minute. When I take the stairs, I smile as Kyle is waiting for me at the foyer. He looks beyond amazing in his Armani suit. His hair is pulled back and he left his 5'o clock shadow- which gives him a less polished look. This way he seems a bit rugged and even dangerous. The moment he notices me he drinks me in and the lust and desire in his eyes gives me hope that we can get through whatever funk has him down lately.
 When I reach him, Kyle grabs my hand and kisses it as he pulls me in for a hug. Instantly, he places his head on my shoulder and smells me. "You look mesmerizing" I pull back and I see regret in his eyes- which he masks seconds later. "You look pretty handsome yourself" 
Sandra comes down and kisses us goodbye. "Sandra, we won't be back until tomorrow as the fundraiser is being held in Seattle" I look at him questioningly because this is news to me. He never mentioned where the fundraiser would take place. I guess I never thought to ask as I assumed it would be here at a local hotel.
"It's okay. I'll let Alessandro know. Have fun!" 
We drive to the airport and stop at a private hangar where a small private plane is waiting. "My parents and Clark are inside along with John- my dad's PA- and a couple of other people from his team" I nod thankful he at least told me this before going on the plane. The aircraft is not as small as I thought as there's about 12 of us here and we aren't on top of each other. It is clearly a custom made model as there's a conference table at the back of the plane and that's where everyone but Clark is congregated. I know this must be Clark as he looks just like Kyle- only younger.
 He stands when he sees us and struts towards me with a smirk. When he reaches me he holds my hand and kisses it. "Kyle, thank you for bringing my future wife with you. Hello Alessandra, we hadn't met yet, but I am Clark Davis" The confidence with which he says this makes me smile. He is way too smooth for his age. I smile and get closer to Clark while Kyle seems irritated. I then run my fingers through Clark's hair and he closes his eyes like he enjoys me doing this. "Umm. Mrs. Clark Davis I like the sound of that" I tease him as I move my fingers down his face and give him a kiss on the cheek nearly missing as Kyle pulls me away.
"Okay that's enough flirting with the little shithead. He will be jerking off thinking of you for weeks now" I can't help but laugh and Clark grins not even denying it.
 Kyle and I sit down together across from Clark and talk. We finally land and there's 2 limos waiting for us along with a large SUV. The Senator, his wife and Clark got in one limo while Kyle and I got on the other and the Senator's staff all leave in the SUV. 
I was hoping Kyle and I could talk on our way to the hotel where the fundraiser is being held yet he looks as out of it and tensed as he's been all week Not wanting to wait any longer, I close the privacy screen so that the driver can't see us and I straddle Kyle. I want him and I won't take no for an answer.
I kiss him aggressively letting go of all my frustrations of this past week and he finally opens up and does the same. He grabs my neck and holds me in place as he snakes his other hand down my body, lifts my dress high enough to place his hand on my thong- which is already wet. Now he dips a finger inside of me and I moan in excitement. We hadn't been together all week and I miss him. Instantly, Kyle pulls my head back and looks at me. "This is going to be rough and quick. I want to kiss you and fuck you all night, but we don't have time" while he's been talking he has been opening his pants and freeing himself. Next, he pushes my thong aside and enters me in one swift movement. It is fast and rough -just as he promised. It was great as it was exactly what we needed to help us relax and hopefully get back to what we had.
"Shit! I fucking breathe you Alessandra. I've missed you so much this week. I'm sorry I've been suck a dick, but there's so much going on?  so much I got to tell you" We both sigh and then the driver lets us know we are three minutes away as Kyle asked him to notify us when we were almost at the hotel. 
I get off his lap and we clean and fix ourselves in time to leave the limo. Kyle walks out first and extends his hand for me to hold on to. As soon as I leave the limo there's tons of flashes coming from different directions and are all aimed at us!
Kyle places a hand on my lower back and we stop ahead at a designated spot to pose for the cameras- which are stationed on both sides of the walkway. I know this is Senators Davis event and Kyle must play along and be patient so I do my best to do the same. As the flashes continue, I am surprised by the questions the reporters are throwing our way all at once.
 "Kyle who is this beautiful young women with you?" one reporter yells
"Is she your date for tonight or your girlfriend?"
"Victoria King is already inside. Are you meeting up with her later?" 
There's a few more questions about him and Victoria, but Kyle ignores them all. Nonetheless, the fact that Victoria is here and Kyle didn't even bother to tell me doesn't sit well with me. I know there's more to their story, but I can't force him to confide in me. He needs to want to tell me. Otherwise, our relationship won't work.
 Kyle decides we have posed enough and we head inside. The place is beautiful- as expected, and we go to a table by the ballroom entrance where the volunteers are confirming attendance and ushers are guiding the attendees to their respective tables. The greeters automatically smile at Kyle and one of them immediately stands and offers to escort him to his table.  
"I am sorry Miss Powell, but you are seated elsewhere. Please, allow me to show you to your table"
I look at Kyle to see if he knew about this, but he seems too upset to have known. He then looks at the lady menacingly. "What do you mean she's seated elsewhere? She's my guest. She seats with me" 
 The lady swallows and looks uncomfortable and I don't blame her. Kyle is not someone you want to piss off. But before she can find something to say I see her. Victoria Elizabeth King is sashaying towards Kyle and I brace myself for what I can already tell will be a very long and taxing night.  
 
CHAPTER TWENTY THREE
 
 
Victoria wears a long silver gown with an opening on her right thigh that reveals so much it should be banned. She gives Kyle her most alluring smile and drapes herself all over him. "Kyle I've missed you so much". She starts to run her hand over his chest and I look back at the sitting chart as I have no intention to stay and watch this.
I notice that I am seated as far away from the Davis table as it is physically possible. I also look at the seat chart for the Davis family and it doesn't surprise me when I confirm that Victoria is seated next to Kyle. Without looking at them, I turn and head towards the door to go find my seat. Kyle must have left Victoria behind as he's already next to me grabbing my arm asking me to stop. I lift my hand up signaling him to let go of me. I am not about to make a scene and I won't give Victoria the satisfaction of seeing us fight.
 "Kyle, I know this wasn't your idea. Regardless, it doesn't't matter as there's nothing you can do to fix this. Go sit with Victoria and your family and I'll go to my seat. Remember you are here to support your father, and the last thing you want to do is to cause a scene" He looks around and notices there's quite a few people who have stayed within eavesdropping distance- no doubt waiting to hear what will happen next between the three of us. 
I want to hug Kyle and tell him everything will be okay. That we will be okay. But I know that wouldn't be appropriate here. So I go inside the ballroom and head towards my table without looking back. I sit down and greet an elderly couple that is already here. Afterwards, I look around and take in the room. It is exquisitely decorated in gold, white and black. There's got to be room for at least 200 people here tonight. I try not to, but my eyes wonder back to Kyle. I cringe when I spot that Victoria is seated as close to him as human possible without being on his lap and she touches him every time she talks- which is all the time as she never stops talking.
Next, my eyes roam towards the rest of the Davis family. Clark looks amused by Kyle's situation and when my eyes meet the Senator's, I see how cold and calculating he is and I have no doubt he did this. He made sure Victoria was the one seated next to Kyle tonight instead of me.
 "Alessandra? Is that you?" I turn around and I am surprised, but overall relieved to see Derek here so I stand and hug him. "Derek! Oh gosh is so good to see a familiar face here" He seems to be surprised at me, no doubt because of my sudden PDA, but also because of what I said.
 "What do you mean? Aren't you here with Kyle?" I look around and sure enough the other people at our table are listening to us. Derek realizes this as well and asks me to dance. There's a live band playing "The way you look tonight" and we talk as we begin to say with the music. 
 "I started dating Kyle almost as soon as I moved here. I guess I should have asked him questions about his past and I should have definitely researched who he was. But I didn't and now it's too late to dwell about what wasn't done" Derek simply listens to me and nods. I need to change this topic as I don't want to bore him with my problems. "What are you doing here anyways? Are you voting for the Senator?"
 Derek laughs and looks at me. "Nah, I don't really care about politics. Besides, I wouldn't spend $20k to be here like everyone else in this room. I'm here because this is another one of our hotels and I usually attend these types of events to make sure everything goes smoothly"
Wow that's impressive. "Is that what you were doing in Singapore?"
 "No. We are opening a new hotel there and during that trip I was overseeing the finalizing touches. The Singapore Royale opens next week.  I'll actually fly out there tomorrow and will stay there until after the opening to make sure everything goes accordingly" 
"That's a lot of traveling. Doesn't your girlfriend mind?" Derek smiles at me before answering. "I don't have a girlfriend. It is not easy for someone to handle all the traveling that I do. Plus it doesn't help that I don't care for money and fame hungry women" now is my turn to smile.
"What?" I shake my head. "You are so different than what I had expected of a hotel heir. You are nice and normal"
Derek laughs as he holds his chest like I just fatally wounded him. "Ouch! Just what every man wishes to hear that he's nice and normal" I blush a bit from embarrassment. "Derek, I am so sorry. I didn't mean to offend you. It's just that you are smart, hardworking, incredibly handsome and nice to boot" He laughs and it's such a great carefree laugh that I join him.
 "I am kidding my beautiful Alessandra" He stops smiling and looks at me with so much Intent now my throat goes dry.  "I see Kyle is seated next to Victoria. I am sorry he brought you here and has you witness this. You don't deserve to be treated this way. He should have been honest with you upfront. Above all, he shouldn't have brought you here tonight"
 I am about to ask him what he means by all that. However, the music stops and the MC asks that everyone goes back to their seats as Senator Davis is about to address the room. 
As soon as Senator Davis speaks, he's in what I like to call politician mode. Saying all the right things to charm his audience, and get them to open up their wallets and write him fat donation checks. However, all the pleasantries and jokes in the world can't soften up the blow I am about to receive from the words that come out of his mouth next:
 "I am glad to have not only my family here with me tonight, but also my future daughter-in-law: Victoria King"
 




















One last thing?
 
?If you have enjoyed this book PLEASE leave a kind review. And if possible let others know about it. For me as an independent author word of mouth is my only form of advertising.
  
Thank you kindly in advance,
 
Krystal White
 

Check out my other novellas:

ALPHA QUEEN: book one of my action shifter series
http://tinyurl.com/nhprvg3

SUPREME ALPHA: book two of my action shifter series
http://tinyurl.com/k5fkdy4

FORTUITOUS: with a hot, sexy alpha male
http://tinyurl.com/lkkb3ap

SECOND CHANCE AT LOVE: standalone with HEA
http://tinyurl.com/ltbollf

A MOTHER'S SACRIFICE: romance with family drama
http://tinyurl.com/mlyvuod

THE ALESSANDRA POWELL SERIES: political romance
http://tinyurl.com/kmkavgn
