







UNPREDICTABLE LOVE



Jean C. Joachim


Moonlight Books




ABOUT THE E-BOOK YOU HAVE PURCHASED: Your non-refundable purchase of this e-book allows you to only ONE LEGAL copy for your own personal reading on your own personal computer or device. You do not have resell or distribution rights without the prior written permission of both the publisher and the copyright owner of this book. This book cannot be copied in any format, sold, or otherwise transferred from your computer to another through upload to a file sharing peer to peer program, for free or for a fee, or as a prize in any contest. Such action is illegal and in violation of the U.S. Copyright Law. Distribution of this e-book, in whole or in part, online, offline, in print or in any way or any other method currently known or yet to be invented, is forbidden. If you do not want this book anymore, you must delete it from your computer.

WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000.


A Moonlight Books Novel
Sensual Romance

Unpredictable Love
Copyright © 2016 Jean C. Joachim
E-book ISBN: 978-0-9971833-5-1

Cover design by Dawné Dominique
Edited by Tabitha Bower
Proofread by Renee Waring
All cover art and logo copyright © 2016 by Moonlight Books

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: This literary work may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission.
All characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

PUBLISHER
Moonlight Books

Dedication

To the late Nan Eddleston Cohen and Dr. Benjamin Cohen, the inspiration for the loving aunt and uncle in this book.

And to the late Marilyn Reisse Lee, the best friend anyone could ever have.



Acknowledgment
Thank you to the following people: Tabitha Bower, my editor, Renee Waring, my proofreader, Sherri Good, David Joachim, Larry Joachim and Steve Joachim, for providing support, love & laughter.




Other books by Jean C. Joachim

FIRST & TEN SERIES
GRIFF MONTGOMERY, QUARTERBACK
BUDDY CARRUTHERS, WIDE RECEIVER
PETE SEBASTIAN, COACH
DEVON DRAKE, CORNERBACK
SLY “BULLHORN” BRODSKY, OFFENSIVE LINE
AL “TRUNK” MAHONEY, DEFENSIVE LINE
HARLEY BRENNAN, RUNNING BACK
OVERTIME


THE MANHATTAN DINNER CLUB
RESCUE MY HEART
SEDUCING HIS HEART
SHINE YOUR LOVE ON ME
TO LOVE OR NOT TO LOVE


HOLLYWOOD HEARTS SERIES
IF I LOVED YOU
RED CARPET ROMANCE
MEMORIES OF LOVE
MOVIE LOVERS
LOVE’S LAST CHANCE
LOVERS & LIARS
His Leading Lady (Series Starter)


NOW AND FOREVER SERIES
NOW AND FOREVER 1, A LOVE STORY
NOW AND FOREVER 2, THE BOOK OF DANNY
NOW AND FOREVER 3, BLIND LOVE
NOW AND FOREVER 4, THE RENOVATED HEART
NOW AND FOREVER 5, LOVE’S JOURNEY
NOW AND FOREVER, CALLIE’S STORY (series starter)



MOONLIGHT SERIES
SUNNY DAYS, MOONLIT NIGHTS
APRIL’S KISS IN THE MOONLIGHT
UNDER THE MIDNIGHT MOON
MOONLIGHT & ROSES (prequel)


LOST & FOUND SERIES
With Ben Tanner
LOVE, LOST AND FOUND
DANGEROUS LOVE, LOST AND FOUND


NEW YORK NIGHTS NOVELS
THE MARRIAGE LIST
THE LOVE LIST
THE DATING LIST

PINE GROVE NOVELS
UNPREDICTABLE LOVE
TOO LATE FOR GOODBYE*
ECHOES OF THE HEART*
*to come


SHORT STORIES
SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED
TUFFER’S CHRISTMAS WISH

Chapter One



Jory Walker plucked three letters from the mailbox in front of the house. Two bills and one envelope addressed to her that looked like it had been through a war. It had, according to what was scratched in the upper corner.

SSGT. T. Stevens

Anger bubbled up inside her. She made a beeline for the house, only to collide with her sister.
“Amber! What the hell?” She waved the envelope in the young woman’s face.
“I just sent him one letter.”
“This is the fourth you’ve gotten from him. When are you going to write back?”
“It was a mistake…”
“You can say that again. Especially the part where you signed my name!”
“Laura was so convincing. I thought she meant one time. Only one letter.”
“She asked people to sign up to write to guys in the military. Not to write only one letter and include a lewd photo.”
“It wasn’t lewd, whatever that means. Just me in a bikini. I’m not good at writing. Much better at pictures.” Her beautiful, blonde sister, with a Miss America figure, grinned.
“And the reason you signed my name?”
“I always liked yours better. Besides, if he wanted another letter, I knew you’d write it for me. So, it might as well have your name on it.”
“Don’t give me that bullshit smile. I’m on to you. And the answer is ‘no.’” Jory shoved the envelope from T. Stevens into Amber’s hand.
“Please? Pleeeaassseee, Jory. You’re the writer. Not me.”
“That’s right. You’re the pretty sister, and I’m the smart one.”
Amber nodded. “I don’t mean it like that. You’re so much better than me.”
“Than I.”
“See?”
“No.”
Amber’s jaw jutted out. “Okay. Disappoint some poor guy out there fighting a war. Look at his picture. He’s hot, even with a buzz cut. Besides, he might die. Your words could be the last ones he ever sees!”
“He’s expecting you, not me.”
“Yeah, the picture. But he’ll never know. He’s in Afghanistan somewhere. Real far away. Just write one or two letters then tell him you got engaged.”
“What a mean thing to do! Lead him on then dump him with a lie?”
“You’re not going to marry that creep, Archie?”
“Hell, no!”
“Then why do you go out with him?”
“He beats what’s on TV. Well, most of what’s on TV.”
“You deserve better.” Amber turned her big blues on her sibling.
As soon as she ramped up the supportive heat, Jory melted. She always did and knew her little sister was manipulating her. But she was powerless to resist. Ever since their parents had been killed in a car crash fifteen years ago, Jory had taken Amber under her wing.
She snatched the envelope from Amber’s hand with a snort of disgust and returned to the house. The pretty blonde slid behind the wheel of her car and waved goodbye.
The two girls had had to leave their home in New York City and move in with their widowed aunt, Nan Edwards. It had been traumatic for the much younger one, but Jory had adjusted well. She loved Pine Grove, a small town on Cedar Lake in upstate New York.
Amber was a different story. She dreamt of beauty pageants and Hollywood. New York had given birth to those aspirations, with the promise of fame on every corner, from Broadway to Park Avenue. Pine Grove didn’t fit that picture. No one took her seriously, least of all her big sister.
Jory, thirty-two, wrote for the Pine Grove Independent, the town weekly newspaper. It didn’t pay much, but spending her days in the company of other newshounds stimulated her curiosity. Then, there was the fun stuff—rubbing elbows with the locals. She interviewed the women’s club and covered the softball tournament between the state troopers and the volunteer firemen. She reported the pros and cons of fracking, and kept the community informed.
Respect came her way as an outgrowth of her work. Jory Walker had the ideal job, but it didn’t keep her warm at night or send shivers through her in the bedroom.
Amber worked for Beasley’s pharmacy, doing makeovers and hawking makeup for the small store. She didn’t make much money, but had access to tons of new products, which she tested on herself and her family at every opportunity. She loved her job.
Jory tossed the letter on the kitchen table, in front of her aunt, who sat sipping coffee.
“She’s done it again. Damn it,” Jory said, pouring her second cup.
Nan glanced at the piece of mail. “Done what?”
“Roped me in.” Jory added milk and sugar.
“How?”
“Remember Laura Dailey’s drive to get pen pals for military guys in Afghanistan?”
Nan raised her gaze to her niece.
“We wrote about it in the paper.”
“Oh, yes. Now I do.”
“Amber signed up.”
“What’s wrong with that?”
“She had no intention of writing more than one letter to this guy, Staff Sergeant T. Stevens.”
“That’s all? Doesn’t seem too serious.” Nan shrugged.
“It is when she signs my name.”
Her aunt sprayed coffee on the table. Her eyes bugged out. “Oh my God! She signed your name?” Nan reached for a paper towel.
“Yep. Three letters have arrived from this poor, prolific sap, who’s probably wondering why I never answered his first one.” Jory shook her head. “The fourth arrived today.”
“Maybe he’s nice?”
“Good try. I’ll answer these then beg off. I’ll make up some excuse. Or maybe tell him I have five arms and two heads. I’ll think of something.” Jory headed for her room and closed the door.
The small, three-bedroom house was tidy and well organized. A large front porch and back deck gave more space for the women to carve out a few minutes of private time. The big backyard, carpeted with a combination of grass and weeds, had been the host of many a kickball game when Amber was younger. Now, it housed an old gas grill and some white vinyl lawn chairs, purchased on sale and looked it.
Jory flopped down on her bed. She had picked up the sturdy, handmade, lavender quilt at a yard sale. The covering echoed her favorite colors, with pink and dark purple flowers against green and white.
She leaned her slim frame back against three pillows and examined the postmarks on each envelope, trying to figure out the order of the letters. She opened the one with the earliest date and pulled out a small photo. Flipping it over, she saw his name neatly printed on the back. Trent Stevens. She smiled at the sexy picture of the Sergeant, stripped to the waist. He wore the short hair of the military, regulation uniform pants, boots, and dog tags, resting against an impressive, if slightly sunburned, chest.
Obviously, he worked out. Her gaze examined the defined pecs, covered with a smatter of dark hair. His biceps were impressive. A hug from SSGT Stevens would be soul-melting. A slight shiver ran through her. Archie Peabody doesn’t look like that. She hadn’t seen all of Archie, since she had refused to sleep with him. But she had seen him in a bathing suit. The words “pasty” and “flabby” came to mind when she recalled images of him at the Fourth of July celebration on the lake.
She sighed. Archie worked at the paper that was owned by his father. They mostly talked shop when they went out. Sometimes, he took her to a movie.
“Archie’s better than nothing,” she’d said a hundred times to her sister and aunt. But she knew they didn’t believe it any more than she did. He was lonely, and so was she. What’s it hurt, having dinner with him?
She opened Trent’s letter. It was a single page, with small, neat script.

I gave you all my important intel in my first letter. So this is about other stuff. I like animals. I grew up with a dog and a turtle. Tortoise, really. He was a big guy. Smart, too.
I like American food mostly, but also Mexican. Out here, I’m getting used to MRE’s. Basically, I’m a steak and potatoes kind of guy. What’s your favorite meal?
Got to go. Can’t talk about where. You understand. Please write soon.
I hope you received my last letter. We live for mail delivery.
Take care,
Trent

Jory took a piece of paper from her writing tablet and grabbed a pen. Before she began, she changed her mind, went to her desk, and pulled out a box of pretty, pink notepaper she had received as a gift but never used. She’d had no one to write a letter to before today. After slipping out a sheet, she leaned on a pad and began.

Dear Trent,
Sorry it’s taken me so long to write back. Work has been very busy, and I do
some of the cooking at home for my sister and my aunt. My favorite meal is
Chinese. The real thing, like you find in Chinatown in New York City. I’ve only
been there twice, but the food was amazing. I like American, too. I love Turkey
and mashed potatoes. But I’ve never turned down a good steak.
I don’t remember exactly what I told you in my first letter, but we have a cat,
Pookie. She goes outside for a good part of the day, but sleeps with me at night.
She’s scratching to get in, so I’ve got to go. I hope this letter reaches you.
Sincerely,
Jory Walker

One glance at her watch told her she was already ten minutes late for work. She scrawled Trent’s address on the envelope and stamped it.
“Well, it’s done. I hope he doesn’t notice the different handwriting. Gotta ask Amber what she told him. Geez. This is the last thing I need. Damn her.”
Downstairs, she handed it to Nan. “Mail this for me?”
“Sure, hon.”
Jory trotted to her old car, pulling the keys out of her purse as she walked.

* * * *

Once she got to her office, she turned on her computer and plucked the other two letters from SSGT Stevens out of her bag. She hid behind her screen, in case Archie came by.

Dear Jory,
What’s a pretty girl like you doing writing to a grubby guy like me? It’s so dusty
here I swear you could plant a garden in my hair. Sorry if that’s gross. It’s hot
and dry. We can only take two-minute showers because we’re low on water. The
barracks are hot in the summer and cold in the winter. I hate it here, but it’s my
job.
Tell me more about your life. Everything about home helps me remember this
hellhole isn’t forever. I’d write more, but its lights out. Wish I could kiss you
goodnight.
Sweet dreams,
Trent

Her brow wrinkled. He’s miserable, and he’s falling for me. Crap. This isn’t supposed to be happening. She opened the third letter.

Dear Jory,
I haven’t heard from you, even after writing two letters. I know they were short, but there isn’t a heck of a lot to write about here. I get it. You’ve probably got some guy taking up your time. A girl who looks like you isn’t home knitting sweaters every night. It’s okay. I appreciate the one you sent. I wish you well.
Sincerely,
Trent

Before she could do anything, her door opened.
“Knock, knock, anyone here?” It was Archie, standing on the threshold.
Jory opened her center drawer and slid the letters in before he could see. “Come in. Actually, you are already.”
He eased himself into a chair facing her desk. “You look pretty busy. Working on a new story?”
“Just following up on Laura’s pen pals for the military effort.”
“Oh, yeah. How’s that going?”
“So so.”
“Can you give me 500 words on it? I’ll schedule it for next week.”
“Sure.”
“I don’t want to keep you,” he said, rising to his feet.
Once he had closed the door, Jory let out a breath. She opened a new document on her computer and typed a response to Trent. Then, she printed it out, put it in her bag, and erased the file. When she got home, she’d copy it onto good stationery.
An unexpected passing required a new obituary notice. Jory was pressed into service. As she wrote, she marveled at the full life the woman had had. Would the journalist be blessed with children, grandchildren, fulfilling work, and a devoted husband some day? Jory pushed the unanswered question out of her mind and focused on her task.
Next, she helped pick articles from the past that the Independent reran every week in a nostalgia column then proofread ads called in from the feed store and Homer’s Restaurant. Her busy afternoon kept her from finishing Trent’s letters at the office.
Anxious to get home, she hit the gas pedal a bit harder than usual. Surprised at how much she wanted to read his words, she chalked it off to simple curiosity. She’d never been in the Middle East and wanted to know more about the region. Or that’s what she told herself.
When she came in the front door, Pookie, their calico cat, was waiting in the kitchen. The furry creature rubbed against Jory’s leg.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m feeding you.” She opened a can of cat food, dumped it in the feline’s dish, added clean water to the water bowl, and put both on the floor. Then, she poured herself a glass of merlot and climbed the stairs to her room.
She took out a piece of fine writing paper and began to pen the letter she had written at work. A knock interrupted her. She glanced at the clock. Sixty thirty already. Amber opened the door.
“What do you want?” Jory asked, looking up.
Amber leaned against the doorjamb. “Uh, it’s after six, and I don’t see any dinner on the stove.”
Jory’s lips compressed into a frown. She rose from her desk, fueled by anger. “You’ve got a lotta nerve. I’m up here beating my brains out, writing four Goddamn letters to Trent Stevens. Letters you should be writing! And you’re asking about dinner? Here’s the deal. You want me to write, fine. But you’ve gotta cook.”
“Me?” Amber pointed at her own, ample chest.
Jory nodded.
“Really? I can’t cook.”
“Then learn, damn it. It’s about time you did anyway.”
“And if I don’t?” A sassy look crossed her sister’s face, and she rested one hand on her hip.
“I’ll write to Staff Sergeant Trent Stevens and tell him you’re a fraud. Then, I’ll report you to Laura Dailey. They’ll drum you outta town.”
“You wouldn’t do that.” Amber frowned, but Jory saw uncertainty in her eyes.
The older one narrowed her eyes. “Try me.”
Amber chewed her lip. “Okay, okay. But not every night.”
“Three nights a week.”
“Three?” Amber’s voice shot up two octaves.
“That’s right. Like it or lump it.”
Amber made a face and huffed down the stairs. Jory broke into a smile as soon as her sister was out of sight. That’ll teach her. Besides, she needs to learn to cook and pull her weight around here.
Jory stayed at her desk until she had copied the computer letter and written two more. He deserves to get one for each he sends out. It’s the least I can do.
When she finished, she went down to dinner. A casserole that looked like it had been dumped on the floor and scooped back into the dish sat on the table.
“Amber had a little trouble with the chili casserole. So I helped,” Nan said, taking her seat.
Jory curled her lip.
“Too bad!” blurted out the young woman. “You made me do it, now you have to eat it.”
“Did this fall on the floor and get swept back into the pot?” Jory’s stomach churned.
“Not quite. Some of it spilled on the counter. But it was clean. It’s okay, Jory. Just looks a little lopsided.”
“Eat it!” Amber flounced down into her seat and thrust her elbows on the table. Tears gathered in her eyes.
“Hmm. Looks delicious,” Jory said, ladling a generous portion onto her plate.
Amber blinked rapidly then stole a glance at her sister.
Jory took a breath then shoved a spoonful of the mess into her mouth. “Yummy. Sure tastes better than it looks.”
“I’ll get it right next time. I swear.” Amber put her napkin in her lap.
“I’m sure you will, Cookie,” Jory said.
Amber smiled at the sound of her nickname. She took a good helping of the food and then tasted it. “Not bad. Considering I made it.”
“You don’t mess up everything, Amber,” Jory assured.
“Almost.”
“Not today. I’m proud of you. Well done.”
Nan pulled a small box out of her pocket. “In honor of learning to cook, I’m awarding this pin to Amber, for bravery and valor facing off with the stove,” she announced, handing the box to the young woman, who opened it with eager fingers.
Inside, nestled in velvet, was a small gold and ruby pin. It had belonged to the girls’ mother.
“Mom’s pin! I love it. I love it. Put it on.” Amber handed the piece of jewelry to her aunt, who fastened it on the collar of her niece’s blouse.
“It looks beautiful,” Jory put in.
“You know I’ve saved some of your mother’s pieces to give to you girls, when the time is right.”
“Like Mom’s wedding band?” Jory asked, before taking a forkful of the casserole.
“That’s for you. Your mom always wanted that to go to you, on your wedding day.”
Amber coughed then looked away.
Jory noticed Nan stare at the young woman. “You okay?” the older sister asked.
Amber nodded, taking a sip of water. “Sorry. Choked on saliva. But she doesn’t get that until she gets married, right?”
“Right,” Nan confirmed, narrowing her eyes.
“Good. I mean. Since you’re not serious about Archie, it’ll be a while before Nan has to dig that out of storage.” The younger one shifted in her seat.
Jory watched her aunt continue to stare at Amber, who looked away, casting her gaze on her plate. Something’s up. Jory shrugged. Something was always up with Amber, so she didn’t give it a second thought. The truth would come out eventually. It always did.

* * * *

Jory hadn’t set out to craft boring correspondence to SSGT Stevens, but as she wrote, she realized how uninteresting and predictable her life was. She sighed when Nan entered the house Saturday morning with the mail.
“Another one for you, Jory. This young man likes to write.”
“I thought he’d be discouraged by how insipid and stupid my letters are. Guess not.”
“Guess not.” Nan smiled as she hiked up the stairs.
Jory put the envelope in her pocket, saving it for bedtime.
She’d taken to retiring early so she could savor Trent’s words in solitude. She liked to read through fast to get the facts then reread them two or three times. When she went back over them, she’d dig out the hidden loneliness lurking between the lines. Although he never mentioned fear, upon second and third readings her observant eyes picked up the hints of anxiety in his many references to home.
His easy phrases, speaking to her as if she was just on the other side of the back fence, sucked her in.

Milky Way was my favorite candy when I was a kid. What was yours? Do you like baseball? I’ve been a Yankee fan since I could throw a ball.

Before she was aware, he’d become a friend somehow, ingratiating himself.

Did you ever have to deal with bullies when you were a kid? If I had been there, I’d have beaten them up for you. I had my share, being on my own, and figured out early how to take them down.

He revealed pieces of his personality with every letter.

I didn’t like school much. Except in the eighth grade. I had Miss Armstrong for math. God, she was gorgeous. Best figure of any female in the school. I got an “A.” But she left to get married and move to Minnesota. That was the end of my interest in school books. That’s why I joined the Marines.

With patience, she’d fitted them together to form the image of a man she could almost touch.
Sometimes, she’d reread three or four before turning out the light. She’d tacked his picture on the wall next to her bed. He was the last thing she saw before falling asleep and the first thing in the morning. Jory had planned to wind down the correspondence, but every day she eagerly awaited mail delivery, and a new peek into the mystery man who had inched his way into her heart.
Admitting she had feelings for SSGT Trent Stevens wouldn’t happen. Jory wasn’t some foolish schoolgirl with a crush on a handsome Marine. She was a grown woman, who had been shouldering the responsibilities of an adult since she was seventeen. Her head wouldn’t be turned by a few letters and some fancy words. She was above that. Or so she thought.
Saturday morning, she headed downtown to interview Laura Dailey. She’d ask about the pen pal project, keeping her correspondence with Trent private, and the town garage sale planned for two weeks hence. The money would go toward buying a new ambulance. The rust bucket they used to cart sick people was on its last legs.
She hiked up the wooden steps to the woman’s kitchen door. As always, the warm, tempting aroma of something baking enveloped Laura like a soft, cashmere sweater. The scent drew Jory in as her taste buds jolted awake.
“Come in. I’ve got the last apple pie from the fall crop in the oven. It’s almost done. You’ll have to have a piece and tell me how it compares to the pies made from the earlier apples.”
Jory stepped inside. Her mouth watered at the smell of baking apples and cinnamon. The apple crop was almost used up. Soon apple pie would give center stage to sweet corn fritters, blueberry cobbler, and peach pie.
After the interview was over, Jory gave in to the desire for more.
“So, how’s that new man in your life?” The older woman cast a keen eye on the reporter.
“What new man?”
“The military guy.”
“You mean my pen pal?”
“That’s what they call it? Guess I can take some credit for setting you two up, since I started the program.”
“Nobody set me up with anyone.” Jory’s jaw stiffened.
Laura went on, “Yeah. He’s the one. Staff Sergeant or something. Rumor has it you’re pretty tight. Marla told me you’re getting a raft of letters.”
Jory waved her hand, casting her gaze down to hide her blush. “A lot of hot air on paper, Laura.”
“That’s not what Marla said.”
“How can she know, unless she’s steaming open my letters?”
“So there is something going on?” Laura sat back, a grin spread across thin cheeks.
Jory took another forkful. “He’s pretty handsome, but not my type.”
“What is your type? Short, fat, and ugly?” Laura chuckled.
“Maybe living here? Not facing death every day? A guy who reads? The Staff Sergeant isn’t exactly a Rhodes Scholar.”
“Don’t be such a snob. Opposites attract. Look at me and Barney. He’s a big lug who works outside, gets filthy like you wouldn’t believe. Look at me. I’m trim and have a spotless house.”
Jory laughed. “Point taken. Right now, we’re sort of friends.”
“That’s how it begins,” Laura piped up. “He sounds better than Archie.” Laura made a noise of disapproval in her throat. “Don’t know how you ever settled for him.”
“Not much to choose from around here.” Jory wiped her mouth with a napkin. “Thanks for the fantastic pie. I gotta be going.” She rose, stretched, gathered her notes, and went on her way.
Upon returning home, Jory went to her desk and tapped out a rough draft of the interview while it was still fresh. She hoped to write a piece compelling enough to jumpstart people into trotting out their second-hand stuff and parting with some hard-earned cash.
Then, she headed for the kitchen. It was her turn to make dinner. Laura had given her a few apples and the recipe for apple dumplings. Jory hoped to make pork chops and broccoli too, even though Amber didn’t like the veggie.
She hummed along with music on the radio as she prepared dough. A low rumble drew her attention as she put the meat in the oven. Glancing out the window, she saw the sky darken. Looked like a storm was rolling in. She sighed. How perfect—lying in bed, writing to Trent, while lightning flashed and thunder crashed right outside her window. She shivered.
When dinner was finished, there wasn’t a crumb left from the apple dumplings. Amber vowed to make them next time she had dinner duty. Jory left the others to tidy up the kitchen. She climbed the stairs, closing her door for privacy. She edited the garage sale story several times before calling it a night. After donning her fuzzy nightshirt, she climbed into bed with a yawn and a glance at the clock. It was midnight.
Jory pulled out her lap desk, nabbed some paper from the nightstand, and watched the thickening clouds. She pondered what to write to SSGT Trent Stevens. I’ve at least gotta try not to be boring.
A low roll of thunder shook the house a bit as clouds curled around the moon.
Jory loved storms. She cozied into the covers.
“A romantic setting and the closest thing to a man for me is at the other end of this paper.” She took a deep breath and let it out, taking the ballpoint in her right hand then returning it to her mouth. Words didn’t come.
“Write about what you know. That’s what they say.”

Dear Trent,
I love scary storms. Spooky nights with clouds rolling in make me want to curl up with a bottle of wine, a fire, and a good man. Am I crazy? What floats your boat?
What are the storms like in Afghanistan? I’m sorry if that’s a stupid question. I guess all storms are the same.
I’m staring at the moon and feeling sorry for myself that the only man here with me is you, on paper. Sorry again!
I’m a downer tonight. I hope you’re not down. But you probably are. None of this is coming out right. Wish you were here with me. Then, you’d be safe, and I wouldn’t be alone.
Wishing you a safe journey,
Jory

I shouldn’t send this. But she signed it, folded it, and put it in the pink envelope. She addressed it by heart, this being her seventh letter to Trent.
She pulled the covers up to her neck to keep out the chilly air and turned on her side. Closing her eyes, she imagined what it would feel like if Trent was in bed behind her. She touched his picture for a second with her forefinger. He was much taller than she, making it hard to visualize. How can I imagine a man I’ve never met?




Chapter Two



The storm was gone by morning. Jory rose early, planning to spend a couple of hours at the paper when it was quiet. She had stories to finish and deadlines to meet. Before she left, she handed the letter to Nan to mail on her way to church. The familiar toot of Dan MacMurray’s car horn announced his arrival. He was fifty-five, trim, gray-haired, and attractive. He’d be escorting Nan to her house of worship.
Amber was sleeping off her late night date with Troy, the local hunk. She went out with young men in Pine Grove and a couple from Oak Bend, from time to time.
Amber made no bones about her freedom. She flirted with everyone and had dated several men at once. Probably sleeping around too. Jory ground her teeth at the image. But, of course, if she looked like Amber, maybe she’d be a bit freer too. Jory shook her head. Never.
The journalist pushed thoughts of her sister’s behavior out of her mind. Amber was twenty-five, old enough to deal with the consequences of her own decisions. As long as her sister continued to take birth control pills, there’d be no negative consequences to her lifestyle. At least that’s what Jory hoped.
At times like these, the reporter reminded herself that she’d had the guidance of two parents for a lot longer than Amber had. She cut her sister some slack, knowing that the trauma of losing them had affected the young girl deeply. She’d been rocked to her roots, and had become clingy with both Nan and Jory. It had been hell for three years.
Jory arrived home at one. She dropped her briefcase by the stairs before joining the others in the kitchen. Nan had whipped up a late lunch before she’d gone out with her boyfriend and had left a plate for her niece.
After eating, Jory ambled into the living room where Amber stood, refreshing her lipstick.
“Going out with Archie tonight?”
“Nope.” Jory flopped down on the sofa. The journalist had been “dating” Archie for a year, though she never used that word. After all, they were only friends. She wasn’t sleeping with him and didn’t intend to.
“Really?” Amber cocked an eyebrow.
“Staying home. Alone.”
“You’re leading him on, you know.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you are. You’re not even sleeping with him, are you?”
“That’s none of your business.” Jory pushed to her feet and headed for the stairs, but her sister stopped her.
“Archie complains about it to his friends. Word gets around.”
Just like you get around. “Archie has a big mouth.” The journalist clamped her lips shut.
“It’s not nice to date a boy and not have sex with him.”
“You would know.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” The young beauty placed her hands on her hips.
“Whatever. Archie’s not a prisoner. He doesn’t have to spend time with me. Go on your date and leave me alone.”
The younger woman reapplied her lipstick a second time and left, slamming the screen door.
Jory mixed a vodka and tonic, added cubes, and swirled the liquid, listening to the clink of the ice against the glass. Her sister and her aunt were out living their lives. But not Jory. Nope, she was in the house, living hers through letters.
She stretched out on the sectional sofa and put up her feet. After a big swig, she plucked the thin envelope out of her purse and eyed it with suspicion. You’re still writing to me? Why? There must be a thousand women who’d write you sexier letters. Always the practical one, the efficient one, the hard-working one, Jory had never expected the attentions of the captain of the football team, or even the debate team. She didn’t have time for the little niceties of flirting.
During the years she had commuted to college at night, men had come around, taking her on dates and making passes. She had enjoyed a social life, her first sexual experiences, and had her heart broken. When she had received her degree, she’d gotten a good job offer. Jory had returned to work—her comfort zone—and left school behind. She had dated from time to time, but eligible men who drew her interest were rare.
Trent Stevens, a lonely man, had come into Jory’s life when she was ready to see him. Perhaps Jory had come into his life when he needed her most. Whatever the serendipity of the situation, Jory stopped resisting and opened her heart to the warm, funny man penning letters she couldn’t wait to read, reaching across thousands of miles to touch her heart.
She slipped her finger under the flap and tore it open. The thin piece of paper inside had scrawl on both sides. Another gulp of her drink gave her courage. She unfolded it.

Dear Jory,
I shouldn’t be surprised to find there aren’t many birds here. Guess with all the shooting, they get scared away. But there’s one persistent one. I think he’s a hawk of some kind. Binocs here aren’t used for bird watching. You know what I mean. He’s not big, but definitely a raptor. I watch him scan for mice and rats.
Seems like he and I are both doing the same thing. I’ve seen him on and off for the past few days. I call him “Rocky,” cause he’s gotta swoop down pretty low to see between the rocks. Anyway, he’s tough, and Rocky is a tough name. I miss the birds at home. The little finches are my favorite. They’re tiny compared to Rocky, and he’s not even big by hawk standards. But they are pretty. They come to my feeder and don’t mind if I watch.
Wish I could be there with you on a stormy night, I’d hold you until the crashes are over. I’m not afraid of storms. Never have been. Here there’s too much else to scare the shit out of you. A little thunder would be a relief.
Had a few other things in mind to do with you on a rainy night, but I’d better keep this clean. You know where my head’s at. Hope you don’t meet some normal guy who isn’t sleeping with a gun and naming birds. Please keep your letters coming. They give me hope.
Yours,
Trent

Jory put her drink down long enough to wipe her eyes. Then, she chugged the rest, tucked his letter away in a scented box, and pulled out fresh paper and pen.

* * * *

Monday, on her lunch hour, Jory drove to Hanson’s Flower and Feed. She cornered the owner, George Hanson, and gave him the third degree about finches.
“Here’s what they like to eat,” he said, dragging over a huge bag of wild birdseed. “We got a lot of finches up in this neck of the woods. So, you’re gonna need a couple of feeders and a shitload of seed.”
“Okay. Can you give me a break, seeing as I’m feeding wild birds out of the goodness of my heart?” She shifted her weight.
“Nope. How’s things with that soldier? I hear you write him pretty regular.”
“What business is that of yours?”
“Marla at the post office says.”
“Marla should keep her nose out of my business. So, are you gonna cut me a deal?”
“Not for the finches, but anything for our boys in the military. I’ll take five bucks off.”
“It’s not much, but I’ll take it.”
“Hope you’re gonna show that boy a good time when he gets home.” George winked at her. His eyes glowed with salacious mischief.
“George, aren’t you a bit old for that kind of thing?”
“Never too old to use what God gave you.” He snickered, walking to the register.
Jory chuckled and shook her head. The man’s over seventy and still getting it up?
George hauled the big sack of seed to her car and loaded it in the trunk, along with three plastic feeders, and an Audubon guide. Jory left work early to set up her little avian fast food eatery. She placed them where they’d be visible from her window on the second floor as well as the living room. She dusted off an old pair of binoculars that had belonged to her father then made a pot of tea to take upstairs.
It wasn’t long before the colorful, small creatures found the food. She watched the chickadees and goldfinches peck at the seeds as the sky mellowed to a warm pink. Leafing through the book she’d bought, Jory identified each one dining at her feeder. She wrote down their names. Their tiny beauty intrigued her. She marveled at the different kinds that landed on her perches to grow fat on sunflower seeds.
Chickadees, nut hatches, and goldfinches were her favorites. Watching them eat brought peace to Jory and an almost palpable connection to her soldier. She wrote to Trent about her new feathered friends. He shared his stories and doodled drawings of small birds from memory. She tucked his little pencil scribblings into glassine envelopes to preserve them.
His next letter inched closer to her heart.

Dear Jory,
Do you have dreams? When I was a kid, I wanted to be a fireman. In high school, I took a bunch of computer graphics classes. It was fun, but not an easy road for a career. At eighteen, I decided to follow my dad’s example and be a Marine. We moved around a lot, but Mom and Dad were happy. So I didn’t complain too much.
I hope to be stateside permanently, someday. A little house, with that standard, white picket fence, 2.3 kids, and a beautiful wife sound damn good. Sometimes, I see that when I close my eyes. Helps me sleep. Who do I picture as the beautiful wife?
Why you, of course. Tell me your dreams. Gotta go. Lights out.
Love,
Trent.

It was the first time he had signed “love,” and it took her breath away. Did she love him back? No way, not yet, couldn’t be. He wasn’t her type. But, oh, he was so sweet! She pushed the idea out of her mind, smoothed a piece of stationery on her lap desk, and clicked a pen to begin.

Dear Trent,
You asked about dreams. I used to have all kinds. But not for a long time. My only dream has become making it through each day. I’m sad to admit I don’t dream anymore. But I used to. And in huge, colorful scenes.
When I was little, I wanted to be a princess and dreamt about a handsome Prince. As I got older, I realized that was silly. After all, you either had to be born royalty or marry a prince. And how was a prince going to find little Jory Walker, tucked into a cramped apartment on 77th Street in Manhattan, amidst all the much prettier girls?
By thirteen, I had abandoned that dream. Then, my dreams involved pro athletes, movie stars, and rock stars. I had a crush on about a dozen hunky guys. Even a few on our football team, I’m embarrassed to admit!
I pictured living in a townhouse in Manhattan with a rich man. Having four kids. Sending them to private school. Having a cook and maid. When I dream, I dream big! Lol.
By the time I was sixteen, my dream had changed to a nice house, two kids, a job writing, and Mike Longley, our quarterback, as the husband. But the next year, my parents died. Mike went to college, and my dreams came to an end. I’m sorry to be such a downer, but you asked.
It’s getting late, and I’ve an early deadline tomorrow. Sleep well. Be safe and come home to me.
Hugs,
Jory

She wiped her eyes, tucked the letter in the matching envelope, and sealed it. Her revelation to Trent dug up old feelings. Carefree days when she’d simply lived without worrying about money, cooking meals, and her sister’s behavior, seemed so far away.
“No sense going back there. Nothing is the same. Move on,” she said to herself as she switched out the light.
Every week, she deposited four letters with Nan and retrieved four from the mailbox. She marveled at how he managed to find the time to write. Sometimes, his were only a few lines. Even the shortest note said she was on his mind. He treated her as if she was special, a new experience for Jory. Her lengthy responses surprised even her, as she had never been talkative.
After a month, she felt comfortable enough to write about her parents and the traumatic events of their death.

Dear Trent,
I don’t talk much about my parents. Their death seems so long ago, but I doubt I’ll ever get over that day. I even remember the sound of the doorbell when the police came. Up until then, it had been just an ordinary day. I came home from high school, thinking about my bio test and which homework I should do first. Life was so simple. After that visit, nothing has been the same.
Things got complicated, damn complicated. I had my little sister to think about. I grew up about ten years’ worth in a month. Even now, I miss them. There are still times I wish I could ask their advice. They were great parents.
At least I have my aunt Nan. She’s pretty good, but she’s not them. You’d think by 32, I’d be over that crap. Nope. Sorry to get so maudlin. Didn’t mean to be negative. Otherwise, life here is good. How are you getting along?
Please keep your head down, and don’t forget to write.
Warm regards,
Jory

Trent’s reply came faster than most. She wondered what his response was to her sob story. Her fingers itched to rip it open and drink in his words right there. There was no way she could wait until bedtime. Passing the envelope from hand to hand and back again, she decided to read it now. Jory slipped the letter in a pocket and headed for the door.
“I’m going for a walk.”
“Dinner’s almost ready,” Nan said, her hands on her hips.
“Okay, okay. I’ll be back soon, real soon.”
Jory headed out the back door of their modest house to the woods. She had a “sad place,” as she used to call it. About a hundred yards in was a fallen tree. Jory had piled up stones to make a small wall. She’d sit on the log and mope on days when being an orphan got to her. Nan knew about it and left her alone.
When she reached the spot, she was relieved to see an opening in the trees, allowing afternoon sun in. How else could she read his letter in such a dark place? She sat on the trunk, her back against a large pine, and ripped open the envelope. Hmm. Two pages.

Dear Jory,
Wow. Your letter blew me away. How did you do all that stuff? You weren’t even eighteen yet. You took care of your sister, managed to move in with your aunt, and get along with her? That’s a pretty sad story. You must be strong to go through that and survive.
I lost my parents too. But I was much older. I was 26 when they died. Dad first, from cancer, then mom, a year later, from grief. I’m an only child, so I didn’t have to look out for a sibling. How did you do it?
My uncle came for me. He helped me sell the house, pay off their debts, and find a room to rent. I lived there until I was deployed and ended up here. I get how you miss them. I still want to ask mine stuff too.
Especially my dad. He was military too. It’s been seven years, but I don’t think that ever goes away.
If I was there, I’d find a way to make you forget. Heh heh. There I go, getting dirty again. You’ll have to straighten me out when I get back. Or maybe make my dreams come true.
Hey, this letter is supposed to be about you! I wish I could wave a magic wand and make you smile. Suck the sadness from your heart. I’m sending you one, monster bear hug to make you forget. Us orphans have to stick together.
I’m impressed you made it without going nuts. That shit isn’t easy. I think you must be an amazing lady. I can’t wait to meet you.

Yours,
Trent


Jory couldn’t believe how similar their stories were. As she read his letter, he seemed to be sitting right next to her. In her mind, she heard a voice she imagined as his, reading it aloud. His words were comforting.
She touched the paper then brought it to her lips. So many people had said they knew what she was going through, but no one really did. That was the other hard part—the loneliness. Nan had been a good listener, but she’d grown up in an intact family. Although she tried hard, she couldn’t quite get the emptiness engulfing Jory.
This was the first time she’d felt a connection with anyone about her loss. Deep down inside, something from Trent touched her through this letter. It was a game changer. No longer could she shrug him off as some stranger she had nothing in common with. Now, she had something so basic, so essential, so down-to-her-core the same with him, she trembled at the thought. He got her. Through the mail, he got her, got who she was, how hard her life had been.
Tears flooded her eyes. She returned his missive to her pocket to keep it dry as she searched for a tissue. Jory had given up hoping to find someone who’d understand that part of her life. She’d closed it off, put it on the shelf to gather dust, to forget the fear, the sadness, and the uncertainty she had faced at seventeen.
Now, she had opened it up for SSGT Trent Stevens. She had put aside her fear of seeming childish or stupid and shared her feelings. He didn’t disappoint. He hadn’t made fun, or ignored it, or pretended it wasn’t important or serious. He had done the right thing. His understanding lifted the darkness from her heart, even if only temporarily. She smiled as she wiped her eyes and blew her nose.
Maybe her mom had sent Trent to comfort her. Then, she shook her head at the notion. Don’t get all mystical. Take it for what it is. A great guy who gets you.
Jory pulled it out and read it again. She loved his support, until it got to the part about meeting. Her blood ran cold. That would be the day when this attachment would break. Her heart slowed and depression closed in around her, like a dark cloud. So? We meet. He hates me. We part. So what? Nothing ventured, nothing lost.
But she didn’t believe her own bullshit. Anticipating his correspondence, putting life on hold to write back, kept Jory on a high. Love? She shivered at the thought. Friendship was more like it. One thing was set in stone—it was much too late to call it off.
Sometimes, she got nauseous when she thought about the day of reckoning. He’d signed up for three years and only half of that had passed—she had plenty of time to figure it out.
This new letter` had changed the stakes. The writing that had started out as a lark, with Jory picking up the pieces of another Amber mess, had progressed way beyond. Trent had become much more than a pen pal, and it was time to admit the truth.

* * * *

Days without letters were disappointing. She noticed a sluggishness about her gait when the mailbox was empty. I’m not falling in love with him. He’s just a friend. A good friend.
“Do you know that your appetite is less when you don’t get a letter from Trent?” Nan said, putting a mac and cheese casserole on the table.
“That can’t be true.”
“It is. You’re falling for him, aren’t you?” Nan pulled out her chair.
“Nonsense.” Jory added a healthy portion to her plate. “Where’s Amber?”
“Out with Troy. Fast food for them tonight.”
“She shouldn’t eat that stuff.”
“She’s thin enough. It won’t kill her. When are you going out with Archie again?”
Jory’s stomach got queasy at the thought. “I don’t know. If I get lucky, never.” She shoved the spoon in her mouth.
“Never? You’re finished with him? I thought you two were an item.”
“No one says that anymore. And no, we never were. Never will be.”
“He struts around town like he owns you.”
“Amber says he complains to everyone that I won’t sleep with him.”
Nan choked on her food. Jory handed her a glass of water and patted her on the back.
“Do you have to tell me that when I’m eating?” Nan said, when she regained her breath.
“Sorry.”
“What are you going to do? One man here you don’t like, the other over there you do, but he doesn’t know it’s you.”
Nan’s succinct spelling out of her dilemma brought tears to Jory’s eyes. “I don’t know, Nan. I just don’t know.”
Her aunt put her arm around the young woman’s shoulders. Jory cried, hiding her face behind her napkin.
“Hey, kiddo. It’s okay to cry. This is crazy.”
“I need to dump Archie. He keeps asking me, and I keep turning him down.”
“What about your job? Doesn’t he have influence?”
“I don’t know. Maybe I need a new one. The guy from the Oak Bend Reporter has been calling me. Mac Caldwell, my old dean from Kensington State, recommended me for managing editor.”
“Why don’t you go for an interview? Not that I want you to move. But if it’s the best thing, then do it.”
“How will you and Amber get along without my contribution every month?”
“I’ll make Amber get a real job.” Nan chuckled.
Jory dried her eyes and nodded. “I’ll talk to him tomorrow.”
There was no time to call the Oak Bend editor because Archie Peabody had been stalking her, hovering around her desk all morning. Ever since she had written about the Pine Grove soldier pen pals initiative, her sort-of boyfriend had been shadowing her.
Archie strolled by Jory’s desk for the hundredth time that day, and stopped. He leaned on the corner. “After that piece on the soldier, I suppose you don’t want to go out with tame old me anymore,” he said, making eye contact for a few seconds before lowering his gaze.
“I’m writing him letters, Archie. That’s all. I wouldn’t know him if I fell over him.” She turned her attention back to her computer and continued typing.
“Does that mean you’ll go to the concert with me?”
She looked up, frowned, and nodded.
Archie leaned over to whisper in her ear. “And spend the night?”
“Nope,” she replied, turning her attention back to her work.
“What’s the point?” His face flushed. “I spend all this money on you, and you won’t even sleep with me.”
“Keep your voice down!”
“It’s the truth. I’m the one who should be ashamed, not you.”
“So, it’s about money? Doesn’t that make me a hooker if I sleep with you?” She drew her stare from the keyboard to meet his and cocked an eyebrow.
“You twist everything I say. Forget the concert. I’m done, Jory. I like you well enough, but this celibacy thing, it’s not for me. It’s gone on too long.”
Wounded by his words, she sat back. “Just out for sex, eh? Goodbye. Forget it, Archie.” She made a shooing gesture with her hand.
“You don’t get it. Fine. We’re done.” He stormed off in a huff.
Gladys in the advertising department looked over at Jory. A sharp glance from the journalist sent the nosy, older woman back to her computer.
Jory arrived home to find a letter waiting for her. She took a cup of coffee and the envelope to her room. Distracted for a moment by the feeder, she watched the birds jockey for the best perch. They’re no better than we are. Fighting to live. Isn’t that what Trent is fighting for?
She sat cross-legged on her bed and took a final sip of coffee before opening it.

Dear Jory,
I assumed you don’t have a boyfriend. Maybe that’s wrong.
Maybe you’re just a kind person writing to me in your spare time? I get my hopes up for us, but then I remember the picture. Any girl who looks like that has a million guys asking her out.
Although I’m not sure I want to hear the truth, please tell me. Are you dating anyone? Is it serious? I need to know if there’s a chance for me or we’re just going to be friends.

She skimmed through the rest. There was news about Rocky and what music Trent was listening to. Yep. Amber does have a million guys asking her out. She pulled up her lap desk and started a reply.

Dear Trent,
To answer your question, yes, there was someone. But it was never serious. This is a small town. There aren’t too many guys here for me. Maybe I’m too picky . We decided to stop seeing each other today. Frankly, I’m relieved. He’s not my type. Though I’m not sure what my type is. So, there’s no competition for you. Is that what you wanted to hear? What about you? Aren’t there women where you are? I mean, American women, like you, in the service? Are you dating anyone?
I’m not just being nosy. I spend a lot of time thinking about you, writing to you. I don’t want to do that if you have something else going on. I hope you understand. You’re my one and only right now. I hope you feel the same.
Fondly,
Jory

She chewed her lip. Waiting was the hardest part of her relationship with Trent. Within a week, she had her answer.

Dear Jory,
Did you hear my cheer when I read your letter? You made my day.
Not that I’m happy you broke up with someone. Well, to be honest, yeah, I am. (he drew a small smiley face) So, it’s you and me. Am I single? You bet I am. I’ve had a few friends with benefits out here. It’s not an easy place. But nothing serious. Last I heard, Sheila, the last girl I dated, had been shipped back to the States. I have no idea where she is now.
I know we don’t know much about each other, but being here makes every minute precious. You appreciate what you have, even just life itself. I hope it isn’t too soon to say you mean a lot to me. It might sound crazy to someone else, but I feel we have a connection, something, bringing us together. I hope you feel the same way. If you don’t, please forgive a lonely soldier hoping you’re the one.
Trent

Jory grinned so wide it hurt. She blasted the song “Dancing on Sunshine” and twirled around the room. She threw open the window and whistled to the birds perched on her feeders. Blood pumped through her veins at a record rate, beating a quick, steady rhythm in her ear. Denial was out. Celebrating was in. Winning his heart lifted her spirits until she was light as air.
She snatched a piece of pink paper and plopped down on the bed with her laptop.

Dear Trent,
I was so happy to receive your letter today. I haven’t had a real boyfriend for a while. I don’t fall in love every day. Not saying I’m in love with you, but I’m happy with the way things are between us.
I feel I could tell you anything, and you’d understand. And you’re so smart. You know everything there is to know about birds and a helluva lot about people too. Things here at the paper are getting sticky with the guy I was dating huffing around me all the time, glaring. He’s pissed, and I’m worried about my job.

She filled in some details about the finches at her feeders, commented on her favorite music, and then closed. When Nan called up that dinner was ready, Jory brought her letter down, took a deep breath, and placed it on the dish by the front door for Nan to mail the next morning.
At the evening meal, Jory expressed her curiosity about food in the military. She lifted her fork, ready to dig into her Aunt’s beef stew pie, but stopped short. “I wonder what Trent gets to eat?”
“Probably shit on a shingle,” Amber said, taking a forkful of the hearty dish.
“Meaning?” Jory cocked an eyebrow.
“Crappy stuff. Yucky, smelly, disgusting.” Amber made a face and shivered.
“You don’t know. Can’t feed them garbage if they have to fight.”
Later that night, driven by curiosity, the older sister wrote to her military friend. In two weeks, she had a reply.

On base, we get hot meals. Not like home, but okay. Even fast food sometimes. In the field, we get MRE’s. Meals, ready to eat. They’re pretty bad. Some parts, like the bread, peanut butter, and cookies are okay. But the main course stuff is brutal. Except for the ravioli. Kind of like the stuff my mom served from a can.
I got hungry visualizing your aunt’s meat pie. Would you make one for me when I get home?

“Aunt Nan,” Jory called from her attic room.
They met up in the kitchen.
“Can you teach me how to make beef stew pie?”
When her aunt stared at her with narrowed eyes, the young woman explained.
“I can teach you. But when he returns stateside, how are you going to explain to him that you’re not Amber? Or rather, Amber isn’t you?”
“I haven’t figured that out yet. Maybe we’d better forget it. I mean, when he returns, this charade’ll be over, right? He probably won’t speak to me again, so I don’t need to learn.”
Nan grabbed her niece’s elbow and steered her back into the room. “If it’s not this man you’ll be cooking for, there’ll be another.”
“I don’t think so. But what the heck.” Jory donned an apron.

* * * *

As the days marched on, spring warmed Pine Grove. Trees unfurled light green leaves. Roses grew buds. Bundled up to the eyeballs in down became wool coats, and then lightweight fleece jackets. Jory worked away at the paper, avoiding Archie whenever she could.
Rumor had it he’d started dating Marla from the post office. Jory let out a breath when she heard. He no longer scowled at her, but gave her a knowing look. He thinks I’m jealous? She could barely keep the grin off her face.
As Pine Grove blossomed, Jory’s heart still hung heavy. She’d been living a seriously big lie with Trent that only got bigger and bigger week after week. The weight seemed to get heavier with every letter she received.

Dear Jory,
Rumor has it spring is happening in your neck of the woods. I remember spring, green leaves, flowers everywhere. At least I think I do. This place is still a hellhole. Then, I think of you. You’re like a spring flower. A daffodil. I don’t mean to get poetic or anything.
Just that I think of your golden hair and the fresh spring air and my heart takes off. You do that to me. That and more. I’ll show you when I get home. I’m coming home, by the way. In case you had any worries. No body bag for me. I’ve got someone to come home for. You, beautiful Jory, my springtime girl.
I know we agreed not to say it. We agreed we couldn’t possibly know it, not even meeting or anything. But I’ve never met a kinder or smarter girl than you. And pretty—hell, you wrote the book on that one. So, I’m going to break the rules and say it. I love you. I do. I know I do. Every letter lifts me up in many ways.
Oops, there I go, getting hinky again. Sorry about that. Lol.
Seriously, I mean it. And when I get back, I’m going to spend the rest of my life showing you just how much. I hope you feel the same and will break the rules too. Be safe, well, and happy. I still have to be in Afghanistan for a while, but as soon as I can get back to the states, I will. Having you to come home to makes all the difference.
 Love,
 Trent

There it was, in black and white. The thing she had most hoped for and most dreaded at the same time. Love. Did she love him? Of course she did. Would she send him one like this? Impossible.
She clasped the pages to her chest. Warmth coursed through her veins. Happiness and sadness blended, making her eyes water. Guilt swirled through her. Only one path would alleviate the bad feelings –she had to tell him the truth. She slipped out a fresh piece of paper and clicked the point out on her pen.
When she sat down to write, all her regard, her love for Trent, welled up. She longed to tell him how she felt, but words wouldn’t come. Spinning a tale of her love for him around the reality that she was a liar and a fraud didn’t work.
Courage gathered in her. If she really loved him, she had to confess. That was the only way they could possibly stay together. Although fears and doubts flashed through her, she had to take the chance. The flutter in her chest as she sat down to write made her hand shake. Where to begin?

Dear Trent,
I know you’re falling for me, but I’m a liar and a phony.

She balled up the paper and shot it at her waste basket. She missed.

Dear Trent,
Sometimes things aren’t what they seem. People too.

She shook her head and discarded it.

Dear Trent,
It’s time I told you the truth. The real truth about who I am.

She took a deep breath and continued writing. Jory tossed off most of her correspondence to Trent in a matter of minutes. This one took her an hour and a half. Strong tears stung her eyes, and she had to stop several times. Taking the gamble that he’d understand, and not toss her out on her butt, made her heart beat faster.
Always clinging to the safe side of life, Jory had ventured out on a tightrope without a net. She’d chided herself a thousand times not to take it further. But each time a letter arrived, she opened it, eagerly drinking in his words of friendship and love, then responding in kind. Had she remained cool with him? No. Had she hidden her ardor for him? No. She had no one to blame but herself.
His words had morphed from discussions of birds and childhood experiences to more intimate topics. Handwritten, steamy scenarios exchanged pulled her closer. Finally, Trent had declared his love for her. It had pushed her over the edge. She had to fess up now. Although she hadn’t shared her feelings with him, she knew she loved him, and it ate her up.
When she finished, she cried herself to sleep. The letter sat on her dresser for several days. She agonized over whether to send it or not. Maybe she should take her chances when he got back. If you really love him, you have to do the right thing. You owe it to him.
Friday morning, Jory screwed up her courage. She handed the envelope to Nan.
“What’s wrong, honey?”
“This is it, Nan. The letter. Where I tell him the truth.”
Her aunt gasped. “You didn’t?”
“I did.”
Amber came up behind them. “Did what?”
Jory explained.
“That’s totally dumb. You should just tell him you met someone else. He’ll get over it,” Amber tossed off.
“I can’t do that. I’m in too deep.”
The concern in her aunt’s eyes made Jory’s water.
“I don’t know what happened. It was just supposed to be a friendly correspondence.”
“And?” Amber prodded.
Emotion choked Jory for a second.
“I don’t know. It’s stupid. I’m not supposed to love him. He’s nothing like the man I want. He’s totally wrong for me.” The words rushed from her mouth. “He’s not an intellectual. Never read any of the same books I have. He likes action movies. Hates chick flicks. Loves meat, hates salad. Likes guns. He’s everything I should despise. But I don’t! I don’t!”
She was fairly screaming and crying, flinging herself into her aunt’s arms. “Why, Aunt Nan? Why do I love him? This isn’t supposed to be.”
Nan stroked her niece’s hair as she held her close. “Love is unpredictable, sweetie.” Nan rubbed Jory’s back.
Amber retrieved a box of tissues and handed it to her sister. “I’m so sorry, Jory. I never meant for this to happen. Maybe it’ll work out?”
“In a pig’s eye. When he reads this letter, that’s it. I’ll probably get an angry response. Or maybe nothing. It’ll be over.”
“Then, why are you sending it?” Amber rested her hands on her hips.
“Because I have to. I can’t lie anymore. It’s not right. If he walks away, then that’s that. It’s the price I pay for carrying this too far. It’s not fair to him.” Jory stepped back, blew her nose, and wiped her eyes.
“I think you’re very brave,” Amber said, giving her sister a hug.
“I’m not. No, I’m not. This is definitely the coward’s way out. A letter, rather than face him in person. I couldn’t stand the disappointment in his eyes when he sees me. I just couldn’t take it.”
A fresh bout of tears halted conversation.
“I’m so sorry,” Amber whispered.
“It’s not your fault,” Jory said. “I did it to myself. I let it go on too long. I should have written the truth months ago.” She wiped her face and tried to smile.
Nan put the letter in her housecoat pocket. “If it’s what you want. Sure you don’t want to think about it a while?”
Jory shook her head. “Nope. I’m ready. Please give it to Marla.”
Nan nodded once, embraced her niece again, and left the room.
A shudder ran through Jory’s body as she opened the door. She hugged Amber then slowly descended the steps. On her walk to the car, she pulled out her phone and dialed.
“Oak Bend Reporter, how can I help you?” said the voice on the other end.
“Can I speak to the editor, please?”




Chapter Three



Jory didn’t expect the waiting to be so hard. One day she’d be glad there was no angry letter when she got home. The next she wondered why he didn’t answer. Dread rocketed through her, making her hand tremble when she opened the mailbox.
She imagined all the horrible things he’d write and shuddered at the names he’d call her. It would have been worse in person. But when no response came, the disappointment all but crushed her. Could he be so angry he’d never speak to me again? He hates me. That’s it.
Fear of his words melted away, replaced by a greater sadness. She kept track of each day. It’s only four days. He didn’t get it yet. Then, it’s only a week. Not enough time for it to arrive and him to write back.
Day after day, she’d yank open the little door, only to view emptiness or a few circulars. Then, she’d make an excuse as to why there was no letter there. One week became two. Two slid into three, then four. When the month had passed, there was no escaping the truth. She had to admit to herself that it was over. Trent didn’t even want to yell at her, call her a lying phony, nothing. The frustration of not knowing exactly what he was thinking bit into her.
He had simply disappeared, the way he had appeared. Jory stopped checking the mailbox. Her appetite went south, and she lost weight. She nursed her broken heart by rereading his old correspondence, looking for the truth—he didn’t care about her and never had.
“The county fair in Oak Bend is coming. Why don’t we all go to opening day together?” Nan asked over Saturday breakfast.
“You guys go. Have fun.”
“Come on, Jory. You never want to go anywhere or do anything anymore,” Amber whined.
“Is that true? Huh. Maybe. Maybe you’re right. I’m fine here.”
“All you do is mope over that asshole, and feed the stupid birds.”
Jory shot her a look. “You live your life the way you want to, and I’ll live mine.” With that, she pushed away from the table and went up to her room.
Going to work didn’t make things better. Archie Peabody pranced around the office like the biggest stud in the world. He made references to hot nights with Marla and what a sex goddess she was, especially when he was within earshot of Jory. She ignored him, but his low-class bragging irritated her to the point where the idea of duct-taping his mouth tempted her to the edge of her control. Archie was a great reason to move to Oak Bend and work for The Reporter.
When she ran out of birdseed, she didn’t have the heart to buy more, so she simply took down the feeders. When the chickadees and finches chided and scolded her from nearby branches, she closed her curtains and turned on music. She missed their sweet antics and appreciative calls. But everything that smacked of Trent needed to be gone from her life.
Except his letters. She had tied them with a pink ribbon and packed them away in a scented box in her dresser drawer. There was no way she could get rid of those.
One Sunday afternoon, Jory lay on her bed reading a romance novel when her aunt knocked.
“I’m going up to the V.A. hospital in Oak Bend. You know Dan’s retired military. He said they need volunteers. People to hand out magazines, chat with the patients, write letters for them. Stuff like that. So, I’m going. Why don’t you come with?”
“I’m busy. Reading.”
“Jory Wheeler! Get your ass off that bed this minute! Honestly, you’re setting the world’s record for the longest pity party. You make this house feel like a funeral parlor. Get up! Get going! Do something positive with your life.”
Tears clouded Jory’s eyes. “You think this is easy? He broke my heart. I broke my own heart. I don’t know what to think, and I can’t stop. Honest, Nan. I’m sorry, but I have no energy. It’s all I can do to get to work.”
“Then, it’s time to get started putting your life back on track. Get up. Now, young lady! And change out of all that black stuff into something colorful. I’ll be back in five minutes, and you’d better be ready.”
Her aunt’s stormy expression startled Jory. She’d never seen Nan like that before. She changed into jeans and a pink top, brushed her hair, put on lipstick, and went downstairs.
“That’s much better. Jesus Christ, girl! All this and you don’t even know what he thinks.”
“I haven’t heard. Isn’t that message enough?” Jory followed her aunt to the car.
“Don’t jump to conclusions. Maybe something happened to him.” Jory’s deep intake of breath stopped Nan in her tracks. “I mean, I don’t know. You don’t know, either. Just get in the car.”
The idea that Trent might have been wounded, or even killed, had never entered her mind. She sat immobile, stunned. Jory’s heart rate doubled. Her hands got clammy. “You don’t think he’s dead, do you?”
“Good gracious! No. If he was dead, Dan would’ve heard.”
They drove the next twenty minutes in silence. Nan kept her eyes on the road, glancing over at her niece from time to time. She chewed her lip and tapped her fingernails on the steering wheel. Jory took a sidelong look at her aunt and smelled a rat. Nan’s up to something.
Before she could corner Nan with the third degree, the car pulled into the hospital parking lot.
“We’ve got to ask for a Mavis Elton. She’s in charge of the volunteers,” Nan said, pushing through the revolving door, but still avoiding direct eye contact with her niece.
The briefing lasted half an hour then Mavis took them through a tour of the wards and private rooms. They stopped in front of one doorway.
“This soldier’s been in transit for a couple of weeks. He’s got multiple injuries. And he’s waiting for a cornea transplant. We’re looking for someone who likes to read aloud.”
“That’s Jory. She loves to read,” Nan piped up, shoving the journalist toward the door.
Jory stared at Nan, pushed her away, and then peered into the room. The man’s leg was in a cast and immobilized. His eyes were bandaged. There were other gauze wrappings and ace bandages, in addition to red, angry-looking cuts on his arms. He’s a mess. “What’s his name?” Jory asked.
Mavis looked at her chart, running her finger down the page. “Staff Sergeant Trent Stevens.”
The room began to spin. The air was sucked from Jory’s lungs. She reached out to brace herself against the wall.
“If you like to read, then I’ll leave you here to introduce yourself. Coming, Nan?”
“In a minute.”
“I’ll meet you in the office.”
Before Jory could reply, the hospital administrator was gone. “I can’t go in there.”
“Yes, you can.” Nan pulled a crumpled piece of paper from her pocket.
“What’s that? My letter?” Jory gasped.
“I didn’t mail it,” Nan admitted.
“You didn’t what?” Jory’s blood pressure rose twenty points.
“It’s the letter spilling the truth. I didn’t send it.”
“You let me rot all these weeks, thinking…God knows what…and you didn’t even send it?”
Nan shook her head. “It was a bad idea to tell him that way.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because I knew you’d write a new one and send it yourself. Besides, about a week after you gave it to me, Dan told me about Trent.”
“I was right! You were up to something. So, bringing me here was just to get me to see him. Look at him, Nan. He’s all torn up!” Tears cascaded down her face.
“He’s alive. Pull yourself together. Go in there. Now. He needs you.”
“He won’t know it’s me.”
A deep, masculine voice called out. “Jory? Jory, is that you?”
She turned to stare at her aunt and whispered. “How does he know I’m here?”
Nan’s sheepish expression fueled Jory’s fire.
“What else did you do, Nan?” The young woman’s face was as cloudy as a summer tornado.
“Okay, okay. So, maybe I dabbed a little of your perfume on your letters.”
“You what?” Jory’s eyes widened.
“You heard me. I thought he’d get a kick out of it.”
“Great. Now he recognizes the scent?”
“Yep. So, you’re caught. Can’t back out. Look, I didn’t know this was gonna happen. It was simply something to make the letters a little…uh, sexier, more memorable.”
“And it worked.”
“Go,” Nan said, pushing her niece toward the doorway. “Go on. Make his dreams come true, honey.”
Jory took a step into the room.
“Is someone there? Jory? I’d recognize your perfume anywhere.”
She inhaled a deep breath to steady her voice, but it didn’t work. She cleared her throat and took baby steps toward the bed before turning to look at Nan. Her aunt was making swirling gestures, urging her to move forward. Then, she waved and moved out of sight.
Jory swallowed. Her mouth was as dry as burnt toast.
“Hey, I don’t bite. Come in.”
“Trent?”
“That’s me.”
He reached for her with a bandaged arm. She rested her palm in his. It was warm and dry. She pulled up a chair.
“I can’t believe I’m finally meeting you, and I’m a mess.” He combed his fingers through his crewcut then ran them along his stubbly chin.
“You’re not a mess. Not at all.” She said a quick prayer to negate her lie.
“I’m in pieces. And I can’t see.”
She squeezed his hand. You look damn good to me.
“Bet you’re pissed. I haven’t written you in weeks.”
“No, no, not at all. Look at you. How could you write?” What’s one more lie?
Silence hung heavy.
“What happened?” she whispered.
“Bomb. Damn near took off my leg.”
“Oh my God. I’m so sorry, Trent.”
“Thanks.” He fell silent. He bent his head as if he was examining his hands.
“You survived. That’s something.”
“It’s gonna be a long road back. Hey, I don’t expect you to go on that trip with me. I get how I’m not the same guy who you wrote to. I appreciate your stopping by, but you don’t need to stay. I’m sure you’ve got a busy schedule.”
The distant buzz of a lawn mower drew her eye to the window where she spied a stack of books. She pushed to her feet and went to examine them.
“Thanks again. Take care,” he called out.
“I didn’t leave. I’m by the window. Hmm. Books.” She picked four off the top.
“They don’t do me much good. Really, you don’t have to stay.”
“I’m here to read aloud to the man in this bed. That’s you. Which one do you want?” She read off the titles.
“You don’t have to do this. I get it. No woman wants a messed up guy. I wouldn’t blame you.”
“At the risk of repeating myself, I’m here to read,” she began, returning to his bedside.
Trent reached out and grabbed her wrist. “Look! I get it. It’s okay. I wouldn’t stick around either. No one’s blaming you. You didn’t sign on for this. Walk away. Find a guy who’s whole and have a happy life.”
“Stop telling me what to do!” She raised her voice.
His head snapped to attention.
After a breath, she calmed down. Her tone returned to normal. “No one knows what’s in their future. I’m here because I want to be.” She straightened, smoothing her skirt. “You can’t make me leave.” She jutted out her chin.
“Oh, no? Try me. All I have to do is start hollerin’, and they’ll toss your sweet ass right outta here.”
She placed her hand on his arm. “You wouldn’t do that, would you?”
“I don’t want to drag you down this black hole with me. Just go. Your letters were great. We had something special, but it’s over. The game has changed. It’s done now.”
“My feelings haven’t changed.” She glanced down at the books then back at him.
“Don’t put on an act for me. I’ve seen buddies get blown up. I know how it feels to be around guys fighting their way back. It’s tough. It’s miserable. I don’t want you here.”
Tears stung. She let them fall, sniffling. “You can’t tell me what to do.”
“See? You’re crying already. And it’s not going to get much better. Even if I get the new corneas—and that’s a big ‘if’—I don’t know how good my eyesight’ll be.”
“Don’t predict. Just take it one day at a time.”
“Easy for you to say. Stupid fucking platitudes.” His lips pulled down into a frown.
“I’m here. And I’m not going anywhere.”
He tried to cross his arms over his chest, but cringed in pain. She saw the stitches on his forearm and biceps. His muscles bulged under the sutures. His face was as handsome as his photo. He didn’t lie.
“You’re one fucking stubborn woman, know that?”
“Takes one to know one. I can’t hold a candle to you,” she shot back.
“At least I have a reason,” he replied.
“And so do I,” she countered.
He was his picture come to life. Even clouded with sadness and uncertainty, his face was still good looking. She wished she could wave her hand over him and make him well and happy again. Then, she reminded herself that if he was, the jig would be up, and he’d know she wasn’t Amber.
Jory let out a long breath. Her secret was safe, for a little while longer. Although her heart ached for Trent, she rejoiced in being able to see him, touch him, and be with him. His physical limitations represented another challenge to their relationship, but one she didn’t fear. Having missed his letters so deeply, she was grateful to have him home. He’ll find out eventually. But for now, he’s mine.
His voice broke the silence. “Sweet Thursday.”
“Pardon me?”
“Sweet Thursday by John Steinbeck.”
Jory shuffled through the ones in her lap. There it was.
“You said that was one of your favorites. Would you start with that one?”
A broad grin split her face. “Sure. Sure. Yeah, it’s one of my favorites. But it’s a sequel. Cannery Row is the first.”
“Read that one already. At least, a volunteer did. A week ago.”
“You did? Did you like it?” She closed the book.
“Of course. That’s why I want to read the next one.”
“You don’t have to get huffy.”
“Really? You don’t think I’ve earned the right to be a little huffy?”
She laughed. “Okay. Point taken.”
He pointed at her. “Read!” He sat back, laced his fingers behind his head, uttered a small groan, and spoke. “Go ahead.”
“Are you okay?”
“Sometimes stuff hurts. Just ignore it.”
“Really?”
“I’m waiting.”
“Yes, sir, Sergeant,” she said.
Jory opened the book and thumbed through to the first chapter.

* * * *

After an hour, Trent fell asleep. Jory brushed a kiss lightly against his forehead before tiptoeing out of his room. She stopped in the doorway, turning for one, last look. His face wore a scowl in his sleep. Lines around his eyes deepened, and there were slight shadows under them as well. Jory chided herself for all the mean things she’d thought when she’d jumped to the conclusion he’d written her off without responding to her letter.
Couldn’t answer a letter he didn’t get. Anger bubbled up inside her. How dare Nan keep it? Who is she to decide what I do with my life? Now, I have to deal with this, when it should have been over. She compressed her lips into a frown. She’d still have to face her day of reckoning when Trent discovered the truth.
As she gazed at him, she realized she’d been given a second chance, time to reconsider her words. Besides, with Trent injured, all bets were off. She’d have to scrap her plan and start over. No way could she run out on him now. He needed her. Even if she wasn’t Amber, he wouldn’t know that until, and unless, he got his eyesight back. If he ever did.
A wave of relief flooded through her as she walked down the hallway. She’d have another chance with Trent. And get to see him in the flesh, every day. Her step lightened, and a smile spread across her face.
She let out a breath. Nan got lucky. If things hadn’t turned out this way, Jory might have moved out. Still, she’d have to give her aunt a stern talking to. No more meddling in Jory’s love life. She’d decide what to do without any interference from anyone.
By the time Nan showed up, Jory was revved up and ready to do battle. She tried to contain herself on the ride home, but Nan wouldn’t leave it alone.
“So? How’d it go? What did he say? Did you tell him the truth?”
“What do you think?”
“I think you got smart and are shutting up about the truth.”
“Why is that good?”
“Because he’ll fall in love with you, and then he won’t care if you’ve got Amber’s breasts or not.”
Jory sensed heat in her cheeks. “It’s none of your business, Nan. What gave you the right to keep that letter in the first place?”
“Someone had to protect you from yourself.”
“You made a huge mistake. That was the wrong thing to do.”
“I don’t think so.”
“You’ve got to butt out of my life.”
“Can I help it if I care about you? If I see you stepping in front of a bus, I’m gonna stop you.”
“Fine, if I step in front of a bus, I give you permission to stop me. But this is my life, my love life, my relationship, and you’ve no right to interfere.” Jory’s voice rose as she spoke.
“I know I don’t. But I can’t help it. Sometimes the truth can ruin things, sweetheart. And this was one of those times. I was only going to keep it for a week. I figured you’d come to your senses and regret sending it. Then, I could tell you. Whip it out of my pocket, and you’d be on your knees with gratitude.”
“What happened?”
“The explosion. Dan called me.”
“So, you’ve known all this time? And you didn’t tell me?”
“It’s only two weeks. Well, maybe three. At first, they didn’t know if he was gonna make it. It took a while to figure out the extent of his injuries and recovery time.”
“Don’t you think I had a right to know?”
“Honey, if he was that bad off, I figured you’d be better off thinking he ran out on you than having to face a seriously damaged guy.”
“Don’t you think that was my call?”
“I know you. Loyal as a dog. You’d never leave him, even if it was the right thing to do.”
“You’re right about that,” Jory’s voice was a whisper.
“See? I told you. I know you. I was just looking out for you.”
“What changed your mind?”
“He got better. Then, I figured the eyesight thing was a gift from God. Or maybe your mother, in heaven. You’d be able to be with him, and he’d never know.”
“What happens when he gets the transplant?”
“He’ll be so madly in love with you, he won’t care.” Nan grinned.
“You live in a dream world.”
“Jory, honey, I’m only doing what I think your mom would have wanted. She was my sister. I oughta know.”
“Please stop, Nan. Stop meddling. Let me breathe. Let me live my own life. It’s okay if I mess up from time to time.”
“Yeah? You already did. Archie.” Nan made a face. “Oh, that guy’s the pits.”
Jory had to laugh. She knew her aunt meant well, but it boiled her blood to have someone else pulling the strings in her life. She’d been on her own for over fifteen years, since her parents had died. She didn’t need a nursemaid. “I agree. Stop. Will you? Please leave Trent and me alone to work things out.”
“Okay, okay. At least he’s back, and in one piece—more or less. You take it from here.”
“I will.” Jory patted Nan on the shoulder. “Thanks for caring—even if it was misguided.”
“It’s what aunts do. Besides, you’ve got a second chance because of me.”
Nan steered the car into the driveway and put it in park. As they entered the house, they almost got knocked down by Amber, running down the steps.
“Where are you going?” Nan asked.
“Can’t talk. Late for a date with Troy. Concert. See ya!”
The sound of a car horn indicated Amber’s date had arrived. She ran down the driveway and jumped into the front seat. After a quick kiss, the couple drove away.
“I don’t have to worry about that one. Her heart isn’t easily broken. Supposing she even has one,” Nan said.




Chapter Four



“When are you going back to the hospital,” Nan asked as she poured coffee.
“After work. He might be asleep, still—I’m making the effort.”
“Oh? Is it an effort? I thought you liked reading to him.”
“I do.” Jo added sugar.
“Then, what’s the problem?” Nan took her mug to the table.
“I don’t want to get any more attached.”
Her aunt chuckled. “Maybe you’d better move to Alaska, kitten. You’re already in this one up to your neck.”
“Have you seen East of Eden?” Jory asked, ignoring her aunt’s comment.
“On the second shelf in the living room, last time I looked. Have you read the rest of Steinbeck?”
“The ones we have? Yes. That’s the last one. Thought I’d start on Sinclair Lewis next.”
Nan shook her head. “You’re turning him into you.”
“He likes it. Told me his folks didn’t read much. He was more into sports than books.”
“And now?”
“Obviously, sports are out of the question. At least for now.”
“Any word on his leg?”
“Nobody’s making any predictions.”
“Eyes?” Nan sipped from her mug.
Jory shook her head. “These things take time and patience.”
“Are you sure you want to stick around for this?”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
Nan pushed up from her seat, patted her niece on the arm, and said, “Good girl. Your mom would be proud.”
Jory stopped on her way to the living room. “Hey, this is no charity case.”
“Isn’t it?”
“No.”
“Then, what is it?”
Jory shrugged. “Must be that unpredictable love you mentioned.”
Nan chuckled as she headed for her car.
Jory tucked the book under her arm and locked the door. She rolled down the windows of the vehicle to breathe fresh, morning air. The sun was shining, and she hummed a favorite love song as she drove slowly, ambling along a winding back road to the paper. Roses twining around the white picket fence marking the Dailey’s property were in full bloom. Jory admired the brilliant, pink blooms stretching their petals to the sun.
Laura waved from her kitchen. Jory raised a palm to Maude Finch, the local librarian, and several other townsfolk she knew and liked. The fresh air and warm temperature lifted her spirits. Impossible to be sad or depressed on a day like this. Birds sang. Joy filled her heart. She had fallen in love with the countryside and a banged up Marine.
After work, she climbed into her 2010 Toyota and steered for the hospital. She thought about topics to discuss with Trent as she maneuvered over the fifteen miles of country road.
She turned off the ignition, but kept singing “Can’t Smile Without You” softly as she made her way down the hall. Nods to familiar faces brought smiles in return. It had only been ten days, but she knew everybody there.
Busy nurses and volunteers were relieved to have her taking over entertaining SSGT Trent Stevens. One of the nurses confided in Jory that she was his only visitor. The news squeezed her heart. Marie, her favorite nurse, stopped her before she turned the corner by the water cooler.
“You might want to wait,” Marie said, turning her head to stare into an empty room.
“What? Why?”
“Well, there’s somebody in there. Military.”
“Oh, you mean a superior? Giving him some confidential information?”
“Uh, no. I doubt that. But, well, just the same. I’d wait, if I were you.” Marie shifted her gaze away from the young woman again.
Before Jory could ask her any more questions, a doctor signaled Marie, and she scurried off to join him. Not afraid of much in this world, and curious as hell, Jory proceeded slowly toward Trent’s room and stopped a few feet from the door. She heard voices.
“Glad to see you’re doing okay,” a woman said.
“I’m holding my own.”
“About us…”
“Hey, forget it. There is no us, remember?”
“I know what we agreed, but I didn’t want you to think I didn’t care.”
“Thanks for stopping by. You don’t owe me anything, Sheila.”
“Yeah, an Afghanistan thing.”
“That’s what we said. And it still stands.”
“As long as you’re okay with that?”
“Of course. You’re a great lady. I hope you find the right guy.”
“Thanks.”
“At least one who’s in one piece.”
“A good place to start.”
Trent and the woman laughed together for a quick moment then silence.
“I’ve got to be getting back.”
“Shipping out?”
“Tonight.”
There was silence then a faint sound, which Jory figured might be kissing. Heat flamed her cheeks. Eavesdropping had never been her thing, but she needed to know. When she looked up, a tall woman in full military dress halted abruptly. Jory was blocking her way.
“You must be the girl who reads to him. Candy striper?” Sheila asked.
Anger burned in Jory’s chest. “Not a candy striper. And not a girl. A woman and a friend.”
“Oh. Sorry. I see. Thanks for taking care of him.”
“Don’t thank me. I’m not doing it for you,” she said, her spine stiffening.
“Hey, chill. I’m not your competition, lady. A pair of eyes might be.” Sheila brushed by Jory and strode down the hallway.
“What the hell do you mean?” Jory called after her.
The woman stopped. “I mean, when he can see again, he can do better than you.”
“Bitch,” Jory muttered to herself.
Forgetting completely about his condition, she stormed into his room. After slamming the book down on the chair, she fisted her hands and placed them on her hips. “Who the hell was that?”

* * * *

“Jory?” Trent pushed up on his elbows, only to fall back down, moaning in pain.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry. Don’t sit up, Trent.”
“Could you raise the bed, please?”
Jory pushed the button that raised the head so he was sitting up.
“There. Better. What are you so mad about?”
“Who was that woman?”
“Sheila? A friend.”
“Friend with benefits?”
She watched a blush fill his cheeks. He fidgeted with the seam on the sheet.
“No answer?”
“Look, Jory, she was long before you came along.”
“Really? She didn’t look that long ago.”
“Honestly. We had a…a…thing. She was in Afghanistan too. There was nothing to do. We got to talking. You know how these things go.” Still the red didn’t drain from his face.
“No, actually. I don’t know how those things go.”
“Didn’t you say you just broke up with your boyfriend?”
“Yes, but—”
“Well, there you go. So, you were knocking boots with someone, probably while you were writing to me!” He pushed up a little straighter, his face paled.
“I wasn’t sleeping with him.”
“Yeah, right.”
“I wasn’t!”
“I wasn’t born yesterday. If you’re not sleeping with someone, you say you’re dating. If he’s your boyfriend, you’re sleeping together.”
“Oh, and when did you make up this rule?”
“It’s common knowledge.”
“Okay, then. We were dating.”
“I don’t believe a guy hanging with a girl who looks and smells like you do did not make a pass. Several passes.”
“You’re right. He did. Got turned down every time, and that’s why we broke up.”
“How come you turned him down?”
“Because he was never anything but a friend.”
Trent’s voice softened. He reached for her hand. She laced her fingers with his.
“Would you turn me down?” he said, almost in a whisper.
Now, it was her turn to have heat in her cheeks. “Don’t ask me that. You can’t anyway. So what’s the point?”
“I wanna know. I’m not always gonna be in this hospital bed.”
“Please don’t ask me.”
“Oh, right. I get it. Sorry. I didn’t mean to put you in that position. Hell, I wouldn’t want to sleep with a gimpy, blind guy either.” He withdrew his hand.
“That’s not what I meant!”
“Sure. I get it. Don’t have to knock me on the head with a baseball bat. I don’t feel like reading today. You can go.” He turned away from her.
Frustration welled up inside her. How could she tell him that he’d not want to sleep with her when he found out she didn’t look like that picture? “Maybe you wouldn’t want to sleep with me.”
“After seeing that picture? There isn’t a man alive who wouldn’t want to sleep with you.”
She trapped her lower lip between her teeth. This wasn’t going the way she wanted. “I’d love to make love with a gimpy, blind hunk who gave his all for his country,” she muttered.
“You mean that?” He faced her.
She nodded.
“Are you nodding or shaking your head?”
“Sorry. Nodding.”
A sexy grin spread across his face. “Well, what are we waiting for?”
“Another trip to surgery, Staff Sergeant,” Marie said, striding into the room, armed with her tools to take his vitals.
“Really? Again?”
“Yep. Tomorrow morning. Jory, would you skedaddle, please?”
“Aye, aye. See you tomorrow. We start East of Eden as soon as you’re able.”
“He might be pretty loopy tomorrow. Stop by and visit, but save the book for another day.”
Jory nodded. She gave Trent’s hand a squeeze and headed for her car.
While she drove home, she made a decision. At the dinner table, she shared it with her sister and her aunt.
“I’ve decided not to tell Trent the truth yet.”
Both women looked up from their plates.
“Really?” Nan said.
“Yep. Not until he’s better. When, actually, if he gets his eyesight back, I’ll tell him then. And bow out of the picture. Right now, he needs me. And it’s where I should be. Where I want to be. So, no need for any great, heartfelt confessions. The poor guy has enough to deal with.”
Amber nodded. “Makes perfect sense to me.”
“Me too. Your secret is safe with us. Right, Amber?”
“Yep. My lips are sealed.”
Jory let out a breath. She may not have a lot of family, but what she had was the best.

* * * *

Jory returned the next day at six. Trent’s door was closed. She opened it slowly. He was asleep, his handsome face pale, his leg freshly bandaged. He tossed for a moment, causing her to stop dead, fearing she’d disturbed him. He quickly stopped moving and lay as still as a cadaver.
The journalist stole softly to his bedside. She touched his face. His skin was cool, so she pulled up the blanket, covering him to his shoulders. Then, she bent over and kissed the scruffy cheek. His breathing was even.
“My poor baby,” she whispered to herself. Jory ran her hand gently through his hair and kissed his forehead.
He stirred. “Jory?” His voice was husky.
“I’m here. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
His hand groped for her. She moved to the edge of his bed and touched her palm to his. He closed his fingers around hers.
“When I get out of here, when I’m well, I’m gonna make your dream come true,” he mumbled.
She leaned closer to hear better. “What dream?”
“The white picket fence.”
She smiled. “Oh, that dream!”
“I’m gonna give you everything you’ve been missing.” He raised her hand to his lips.
She touched his face. “Don’t worry about it. I’m fine.”
“Gonna love you. Take care of you. You’ll see.”
As quickly as he had awakened, he drifted off.
She sat still. His even breathing indicated sleep. She gently slid her hand from his and eased up from the bed. She blew him a kiss and tiptoed toward the door. As she was leaving, Marie turned the corner and almost smacked into the young woman.
“How is he?” Jory asked, twisting a tissue in her hand.
“Fine. He’ll be okay. Surgery went well.”
“Good. I’m glad.”
As Jory drove home, his words repeated in her head. Emotion gathered behind her eyes, causing her to pull over more than once to dry them. Having a man to take care of her had been so beyond her reach, she’d stopped wishing for it. Could she have that someday? Would Trent possibly be the one? She shook her head. He had so many hurdles of his own to jump.
“First things first, Jory. The man needs to walk and see,” she said, aloud.
She had a quiet evening with her family, making popcorn and watching a movie. It seemed odd not to be with Trent, sipping water to wet her whistle for reading. And he’d be lying on his side, shifting to his back, trying to get comfortable and continue listening.
They’d talk a bit too. He’d ask her about her job, and they’d talk about birds. Jory had put all the feeders back up. She shared bird stories, relating which species was being too aggressive and which ones had learned to share. He laughed and offered advice. Having him in her life elicited smiles and cheerful expressions from the reporter.
Two days after the surgery, he was up for visitors. She entered as he was unwrapping a package.
“Dan gave me this,” he said, pulling off the paper to reveal an electric razor.
“A razor? What for?”
“I’m military. I’m used to being clean shaven. This may be fashionable, but I don’t like it.” He rubbed his jaw.
Jory liked the dark stubble shading his cheeks, but she kept her thoughts to herself.
“I can’t do this myself.”
“You want me to do it?”
“Would you mind?” His voice was soft and persuasive.
She plucked the machine from his hand. “I don’t know how to use this thing.”
“Don’t you shave your legs?”
Embarrassment shut her mouth.
“You don’t have to answer, but I assume you do.”
“I don’t use anything like this.”
“It’s easy. I’ll tell you what to do.”
“Okay. If you trust me.”
He laughed. “Do I have a choice?”
“You’ll have to scoot over,” she said, approaching the bed.
Trent hissed in pain as he inched to the left. Once he stopped, he grimaced, locking his jaw. A tiny tear slipped down the side of his face. He swiped at it.
“Maybe I’d better come closer to you,” she said.
He nodded.
She braced her hands on the mattress, easing her bottom down gently until her hip touched his side. “Am I hurting you?”
“No.”
She opened the package, unwinding the cord. It took several minutes to get set up. During that time, he told her what to do, illustrating with his hands.
“I usually use a regular razor and cream. Haven’t used one of these since I was a kid. My dad gave me an electric. So, this’ll be kinda new for me too.”
She turned on the machine. “You’ve gotta sit real still now. No talking.”
“How can I tell you what to do?”
“Hand signals.” The buzzing razor vibrated a little in her hand. Trent lay very still against the raised head of the bed. She took a second to stare at his fabulous face. Strong jaw, lips just the right fullness, dark eyebrows to match his hair. His nose was perfectly formed, just long enough and not feminine. She ran her palm along his cheek. He made a small pleasure sound, causing her to whip her hand away as if his skin had been on fire.
“Come on. Don’t get shy now.”
“No talking!” Tension coiled in her shoulder muscles. She took a deep breath to steady slightly trembling fingers. Jory placed the head of the cutting machine on his jaw and moved it up his cheek, gently stretching the skin underneath to get the shave close.
He made a thumb’s up gesture with his right hand. His left gripped the side rail. Jory smiled. The razor skimmed over the rough stubble on his chin. He drew his lip up, to give her better access to the hair growing there. She followed with her fingertips, to feel if she had gotten it all. The smooth texture of his warm skin sent a thrill through her. He smelled of soap, a pleasant scent.
Guiding the machine over the contours of his face, she couldn’t ignore the sensations zinging through her body. Her blood began to heat as she moved slowly over every inch of the lower half. His breath caressed her. Touching him so intimately sparked desire in her. She smoothed her hand over the shaved areas, barely controlling a yearning to follow with her lips and tongue.­­­
His steady breathing came a little faster as she continued. Pink shaded his cheeks, giving him a healthy glow. She saved the trickiest part, his mustache, for last. He pulled his top lip down while she zeroed in on the area. When she was done, she blew out a breath then palmed the side of his face.
“Just checking to make sure I got it all,” she said, a little breathless.
He grabbed her hand and held it to his lips, inches from hers. The color in his cheeks began to fade. “Now, you slap me with some aftershave, and I groan at the sting.”
She remained close by his side. “Is that right?”
“There’s only one way to tell if the shave is close enough,” he whispered.
“What’s that?” She returned the razor to the nightstand.
“This.” He slipped his fingers around her neck and pulled her closer, his thumb searching, finding her lips. He outlined them before pressing his against them. Jory’s pulse jumped at the feel and taste of him. He increased the pressure, and she opened. His tongue was inside in a flash, exploring slowly.
She had her long, chestnut hair pulled up and fastened with a clip. Never losing his liplock, he reached around behind her. He found the barrette and released it. The heavy softness fell to her shoulders, where he combed it with his fingers. She cupped his face.
He ran his thumb over the shell of her ear, then down to her collarbone, past where her pulse beat wildly, like a native drum. Worried he’d feel her reaction, she squirmed, inching back, but kissing him was too sweet. She wanted more.
He finally released her, and, with uneven breath, he whispered, “Let me touch you.”
Her brain screamed no, but her libido screamed yes. She was silent.
“We’ve known each other for months. If we’d been dating instead of corresponding, we’d have made love by now,” he said, his lips barely touching hers.
She couldn’t argue with his logic.
“Please, let me touch you.”
“Okay.”
His hand was warm on her neck as he slid it down, stopping first to fuss with the buttons of her blouse. She quickly unfastened the top three. He smiled at her. “Thanks.” He explored her shoulder with his palm, his thumb stroking under her collarbone, as he slid his hand down over her breast.
He sucked in air as he closed his fingers around the firm flesh encased in a bra. Snaking his arm around her side to her back, he flipped open the hooks of her bra and dove underneath to make skin-to-skin contact. This time, she was the one who hissed.
Her breath hitched as fire flew straight to her core.
“You’re beautiful.”
“How do you know?”
“I can feel it.”
His thumb toyed with her nipple, flicking it until it hardened. Then, he pinched it between his first two fingers. Bandages prevented him lowering his head to taste her. He cursed, then squeezed.
A loud “Ahem” from the doorway made the lovers jump. Jory buttoned up her blouse in a second and a half. Trent coughed.
“Sorry to break this up, kids. But visiting hours are over.”
Jory nodded. “Of course.”
Trent bent his good leg at the knee to hide his response to their little petting session. “She was just giving me a shave.”
“Of course, she was,” Marie replied.
“Look. Feel,” he coaxed.
Marie bent down to see. “Hmm. Looks pretty good.”
“It was her first time.” He rubbed his face.
“The razor’s on the night table,” Jory said.
“I see. Not bad for a beginner. Saves me having to do it. And it wouldn’t have been nearly as much fun, either, would it, Staff Sergeant?” Marie put in.
Trent blushed deep red, making Jory laugh. She shrugged her denim jacket on and stepped over to the bed.
“Good night, Trent. Marie.”
“You coming tomorrow?”
“I am.”
“Night, missy, see you then,” the nurse tossed over her shoulder as she headed for the door.
“She’s amazing. She does so much. And she’s always cheerful,” Jory remarked.
As Trent shifted to regain his former position in the middle of the bed, a spasm of pain shot across his face. Jory laid her palm on his cheek, brushed his lips with hers, and then left.
When she got home, a plate of dinner was wrapped and waiting for her. She filled a glass with water and popped the dish in the microwave. As she sat eating the meatball casserole, Nan sauntered in.
“Have fun?”
“Fun? I don’t go there to have fun.”
“Really?”
She shot a confused glance at her aunt.
“Then how come your bra is unfastened, chickie?” Nan laughed as she left the room.




Chapter Five



“I can’t stay long,” she said as she walked in. “But let’s at least get through the next chapter.”
“Damn. A quickie?” He wiggled his eyebrows.
“Down, Casanova, no. I have an interview.”
“Tonight?”
“Yep. Meeting an editor for drinks.”
“That’s all?”
“Jealous?”
“Damn right.”
“Don’t be. He’s looking for a new managing editor.”
“I see. Where’s the job? Far from here?”
“Not too. Let’s get started.”
After her chapter, she kissed Trent goodbye and headed for her car. She’d been as disappointed as her Marine that she couldn’t spend more time. She wanted to continue where they’d left off, but it wasn’t to be.
As happy as she was, Jory realized she needed an escape plan. Trent could get a cornea transplant any day. She’d need to blow town. Move, get a new job, disappear. She’d come to realize she couldn’t face him with the truth, couldn’t bear to see the betrayal in his eyes. She’d done it, and now, she was taking the coward’s way out. She didn’t care. It hurt too much to even consider telling the truth.
She needed this opportunity. It was her only solution. She’d already figured on renting a room in Oak Bend instead of an apartment. That way, she’d have money to send home to Nan and her sister. Amber wasn’t qualified for a better position and had no hope of finding anything there. They needed Jory’s financial contribution.
She’d gotten it all planned. Get the offer, move to Oak Bend, and start over. So, maybe she’d be breaking Trent’s heart. Maybe her own too. That’s life, those were the breaks, and she was willing to live with the consequences of her foolishness. As for Trent, hell, he’d get over her. After all, she wasn’t the shiniest apple in the basket.
She met Jim Sparks at Rusty’s, a cocktail lounge in the center of town. He looked to be in his early fifties, salt and pepper hair, ten pounds overweight. He gave her a big smile, which emphasized the wrinkles around his kind eyes.
Jory ordered a ginger ale—she was driving, after all. Jim had a Manhattan.
“Mac Caldwell speaks very highly of you. I’ve been looking over your portfolio. Nothing worthy of a Pulitzer yet, but you give good, thorough coverage to the happenings in Pine Grove, and you do it with style and warmth. Nothing worse than an editor who hates his or her town.”
She agreed. As they fell into easy conversation, she relaxed. They chatted for an hour. Then, he paid the tab, and they got up to leave.
“I’ve got one more candidate to interview, but I’d say you’re running at the head of the pack. Don’t sell your house and buy a condo yet, but do start thinking about moving to Oak Bend.”
“I am. I mean, I have been. It’s a lovely town. A lot bigger than Pine Grove. Bustling. Probably a lot to write about here.”
“That’s what we think. Thanks for coming all this way. I’ll call you in a couple of weeks. No rush on this. Our current managing editor isn’t leaving until the end of the month.”
“Thank you, Mr. Sparks. It was a pleasure to meet you.”
She put her car in gear and headed for Route 55. A smile crossed her lips. As she drove, she listened to music. Julian Lennon’s song, “Too Late for Goodbyes,” came on.
For a moment, an image of life with Trent flashed through her brain. A small house, a dog, bird watching, reading together, steamy nights in tangled sheets ran through her mind like a music video. Was it too late for goodbye? She was invested, all the way, in love, completely.
There was no way she could survive the rejection sure to come when he got a look at her. Telling him the truth was the right thing to do, but she didn’t have the guts for it. That settled the dilemma. She let out a breath. If and when he got his sight back, she’d skedaddle out of town, with no forwarding address. And that would be the end of it. She refused to think beyond that point. After all, until he got the transplant, they could remain together.
When she got home, she pulled up Oak Bend real estate on her computer and began her search for a place to live. She admonished herself not to overthink the situation, simply follow the plan she’d mapped out, and everything would be all right.
When she turned out the light, she ignored the war going on between her heart and her head. Eventually, blessed sleep released her from reality.

* * * *

The next night, Trent was more animated than usual. She detected the scent of soap, fresh in the air. His short hair was combed. He was clean-shaven and wore a new hospital gown.
“Hi, Trent, it’s me,” Jory said.
He shifted his position in bed. “Lock the door. Marie said we could.”
Jory turned the latch and raised her eyebrows as she sank down in a chair. “Did she? What’s she expecting us to do?”
“This.” He reached for her hand and pulled her to him for a passionate kiss. “Unless you don’t want to.”
“Can you?” She blushed at her own words. “I mean…”
“I know what you mean. That’s the only part of me not injured.” He grinned.
She paused.
Trent frowned. “It’s okay. We don’t have to,” he said, withdrawing his hand.
She put hers on his arm, and he quieted down. “I do. I do want to. But first, there’s something I really need to tell you.” She bit her lip. Could she tell him now, that she wasn’t Amber? She hadn’t been prepared for this. But was it fair to have sex with him, when he thought she was someone else? Her heart beat quickened, waiting for his reply.
“Tell me? Are you married?”
“No.”
“Have some terrible disease?”
“No.”
“Then, whatever it is can wait. My prayers have been answered. I’ve waited long enough.”
“Prayers?” She cocked an eyebrow.
“I’ve been living in darkness for so long. Everything’s a giant void. I need to touch you, feel you against me. You don’t know how hard this is. I need to feel life.”
“You’re right. I have no idea what you’re going through.”
“It’s Hell. I don’t like to complain. No one to complain to anyway. The nurses here work real hard. I try not to make their job harder.”
“It’s lonely?”
“That’s putting it mildly. It’s like living in a black hole.”
Jory’s eyes watered. She cupped his cheek. Trent turned his head to kiss her palm.
“I’m here,” she uttered in a shaky voice. That clinched it. She’d have to keep her secret, because he needed her, no matter who she was, and she refused to disappoint him.
He reached out, and she met him half way. He walked his fingers along her jaw, pulling her lips to his. He angled his head to deepen the kiss. Fire started inside, taking control of her mind and heart, pushing out all other thoughts.
She broke first, to lower his hand to her chest. He fumbled with the buttons on her blouse.
“Help a guy out here.”
“You’re doing fine. Good practice.”
“Practice? You mean, we’re going to do this again?” For as long as we can.
“I don’t want to hurry, but…” he said, pushing himself to a more vertical sitting position.
“How can we do this at all? With your bandages, cast, and all?”
“Carefully. Very carefully.” He slipped his hospital gown down and off his torso.
Jory sucked in air at the sight of him. He was all muscle. His pecs were firm and covered lightly with dark hair, tempting her fingers.
“Wow. You’re really…fit.” She flattened her palm on him.
“No fair. You get to see me, and I don’t get to see you.”
“You’re…amazing. In shape. Good shape.” She nodded.
“I have your picture. I can see you in my mind. But you’re dressed!”
A pang of guilt shot through her, but she brushed it aside. “Barely,” she said, heat suffusing her cheeks. “Use your imagination.”
He laughed. “Come closer.” He patted the bed next to him.
She slipped her top off and shucked her shoes. After he moved over, she removed her skirt, folded it carefully, put it on the chair, and climbed on.
“What are you wearing?”
“Panties and a bra.”
“That’s all?”
“Uh huh.”
He waved his arm in front of her. She nabbed his wrist and guided his hand to her waist. He tickled her, sliding his palm up. His strong arm drew her to him. His hand snaked around behind her and unhooked her bra. She let it fall. He closed his fingers around her breasts, eliciting a groan from her.
“Yes,” she muttered.
“You’re soft.” He lowered his face to nuzzle her flesh, but couldn’t get all the way down.
Jory pushed herself higher, allowing him to kiss and fondle her. He mumbled small compliments as he explored her body. She drank in the scent of aftershave mixed with soap and Trent’s maleness.
Jory slid her hands down his back, digging her fingertips into his muscles a bit, skirting any cuts and bruises, trying not to hurt him.
“I don’t know what parts of you are sore and what aren’t,” she whispered in his ear.
“My hands, my lips and my dick are okay.”
She giggled as he lifted her breast to his mouth. Jory shifted, pulling her legs up under her, sitting on her haunches. She arched her back, making her chest more easily reached by the staff sergeant.
His hands gripped her hips, raising her to his lap. A hiss of pain escaped his mouth. “Careful! Move forward. Sit on my stomach.”
She followed his order, sliding her hips away from his thigh. She placed her hands on his pecs, leaning there to steady herself. He rebalanced his weight, feeling around until he palmed her butt then squeezed.
“Take ’em off. Please.”
“What?”
“The panties. They gotta go.”
“Aye, aye. Is that an order?”
“Are we gonna play that game?” He cocked his head.
She giggled. “Just a joke. Whatever you say.”
“Hmm, a female who knows how to take orders. Sounds good to me.”
She laughed. Trent swung his hand toward the nightstand.
“What do you want?” she asked.
“In the drawer.”
She slid it open and pulled out the packet inside.
“A condom? Where did that come from?”
“A good friend who’s been in my shoes.”
“Who?”
“Dan,” he said, putting the packet on his chest.
Her brows shot up, but she stopped herself before speaking. Instead, she lowered her hand to his crotch to find him quite erect.
He glided his palm down her flat stomach. “The panties. Lose ’em. Please.”
She bounded off the bed, yanked them down, and tossed them on the chair. “Starkers.”
He smiled. “Great. Come back. Let me touch you.”
She grasped his right hand with hers as his left kept his position stable. She smiled to herself that it was kind of like mounting a horse. A very handsome, human horse.
“You’re so warm,” she said, returning her hands to his chest.
“You’re making me like that.”
“Good.”
“You’re not exactly an iceberg.” He chortled.
He leaned in to kiss her. Jory aimed her mouth at his as his fingers slid down her thigh to her knee, then up again. His thumb felt for the juncture between her thighs. She tried to part her legs a little without upsetting his position, or falling off the bed, or losing her liplock. Unable to do all three, she sat back.
“We can’t do everything at once.”
“You’re right. Save the kissing.” His thumb hit pay dirt.
Jory closed her eyes. Her head tilted back as he stroked her, easing it inside.
“You’re wet.”
“Ya think?”
He laughed. “Didn’t think a banged up guy like me could get a pretty girl like you going.”
“Don’t underestimate yourself,” she said, her breathing irregular.
He repositioned his hand then slipped two fingers in. She gasped.
“I didn’t hurt you, did I? You’re not a virgin, are you?” He quickly withdrew.
She snickered. “Not exactly.”
“What does that mean? I mean, a beautiful—”
“Okay, okay. I get it about the beauty part. You can stop. No, you’re not my first lover. Not that I’ve slept with every guy in town, but I’ve had a few relationships. It’s been a while’s all.”
“Whew. Okay. Where were we?” She guided his hand back to her center, where he resumed exploring.
“You wouldn’t make love to me if I was a virgin?” She stopped moving.
“I prefer not to deflower, if possible.”
“Why?”
“Too much of a commitment.”
“Like she’s going to expect marriage?”
“Something like that.”
Jory clammed up.
“Is that good?” he asked, continuing to caress her.
“It’s amazing. Don’t stop.”
He chuckled softly. “Love a girl who knows what she wants.” He nipped at her peak, while sliding his fingers in and out in an ever-increasing rhythm.
She panted. “Let’s do it.” Heat gathered inside, spiraling up, filling her body. She needed him.
“Wait, you first,” he responded.
“Why?”
“I’ll tell you later. Come for me. Come for me, Jory,” he whispered in her ear.
He lowered his head to give a few hard sucks on her nipple, sending her over the edge. She braced herself, curling her fingers around his shoulders, as release claimed her. Her muscles contracted, and her body stiffened. Pleasure flowed through her, to her fingertips, while he continued stroking her.
As soon as it subsided, she was too sensitive to be touched and pushed his hand away.
“Did you?”
“You couldn’t tell?”
“Can’t see, remember?” There was an edge to his tone.
“I’m sorry. I meant, I thought you could feel it.”
“Yeah, wow. Good. Great!”
“Now, it’s your turn. How can we maneuver this?”
“I’m gonna need help with this.” He held out the condom.
He pushed the covers down, releasing his dick, which sprang free. She stared. He looked pretty big. While he leaned back, she ripped the packet open carefully and grasped him.
“What are you waiting for?” The tension in his voice snapped her to attention.
“Nothing, nothing. You’re pretty big. I hope it fits.”
He laughed. “Don’t worry. Never had a problem before.”
“If you say so.” She took hold of him and slowly unraveled the protection down his shaft.
He moaned beneath her touch. “Oh, God. Hurry up. I’m gonna come before I even get inside you.”
“Okay. You’re safe,” she said, tossing the wrapper on the table. “Now what?”
“You ride me like Roy Rogers rode Trigger.”
“You mean, like Dale Evens rode whatever her horse’s name was.”
He chuckled. “Take your pick, honey.”
She swung her leg around, straddling his hips, but trying to stay away from his cast. By accident, her foot bumped it. He stiffened.
“I’m sorry, so sorry. Maybe we shouldn’t…”
His hand groped around her face then rested over her mouth. “It’s okay. A little pain’ll slow this down a bit. Not a bad thing. Are you ready?”
“Yep.”
He reached under her and grabbed himself. Her hand closed over his, guiding him to her. Trent rubbed himself up and down a few times to lubricate the condom then eased toward her opening. When she felt him in the right spot, she lowered herself.
“Holy mother of God!” he said.
“What? What’s the matter?”
“Not a damn thing. Jesus, you’re tight.”
“Too tight?”
“Just right. It’s perfect,” he gasped.
He shifted his palm to her shoulder and gently pushed her down, until he was buried deep inside. They groaned at the same time as he filled her. Jory couldn’t believe he’d rekindled hot desire. She began to move.
“Don’t rush. I’m gonna go too fast anyway.”
She didn’t reply, but slowed her movements. Up and down, she rotated her hips slightly too, smiling when he moaned approval. Then, the fire got too hot. She needed to come and began to move faster and faster.
“Whoa,” he said, gripping her hip.
“Faster, faster. I need it. I want it,” she ground out.
He got her drift and clamped his lips shut, as a blush started in his chest and traveled north. Her body raced toward its climax as she stared at him.
“Oh, God,” she uttered, throwing her head back, bracing herself with her palms. He grabbed her face, drawing her mouth to his, devouring her in a hungry kiss. His hips bucked with what little movement they were allowed.
When he came, he groaned into her mouth, his palm cupping her cheek. After he let go, she slumped down to rest on his chest.
“Is this okay? Am I hurting you?”
He shook his head. “It’s great.”
She lay there for a moment, too happy to speak. Her breasts crushed against him. He stroked her back with his right hand. The warm, gentle touch soothed her, and the hair on his chest tickled her nose, making her smile.
A soft knock on the door was followed by Nurse Marie’s voice. “Fifteen minutes to lights out.”
“Okay,” Trent called.
Jory sat up and kissed him quickly before she disengaged. He felt around for the tissue box, grabbed a bunch, and slid the condom off.
“Sorry to have to give this to you to throw away, but—”
She stopped his words with her fingers on his mouth. “No problem.” She dismounted, swinging her legs all the way off the bed, then took the wad of tissues and flushed it in his bathroom. She hadn’t dressed that quickly in years, stuffing her panties in her purse and yanking her skirt into place. She’d have plenty of time to slip them on in the car.
She watched Trent struggle to put his gown back on. “Just a sec, and I’ll help you.” She left her blouse unbuttoned as she went to the bed and guided him into his attire then pulled up the blanket and sheet. “There you go, all tidied up,” she said, buttoning her top.
“Wish I could help you dress,” he said. “Maybe someday.”
“Yeah. Maybe.” She frowned because she’d just lied. There was never going to be a someday for her and Trent. She shoved the thought from her mind and took his hand. She closed hers around his thumb.
“I love you, Jory.”
“You don’t even know me.”
‘Yes, I do. You’re the good, kind, sexy, beautiful lady who loves to read and feeds the birds. What more do I need to know?”
And a liar and a phony and not nearly pretty enough.
“Time’s up,” Nurse Marie said, opening the door.
The couple rested at a respectable distance from each other with their fingers laced.
“Nicely done,” Marie murmured, looking over Jory, making heat rise to the young woman’s face.
“Thank you, Marie. I owe you one,” Trent said.
Marie laughed. “My good deed for the day.”
“Time to go. Goodnight, Trent,” Jory said, trying to keep her voice light.
“’Night, baby.”
Feeling good never seemed so bad before. Jory’s step was light as she headed for the parking lot. When she arrived home to questioning looks, she simply marched up the stairs to her room without uttering a word.
She lay in bed, staring at the sliver of moon, slicing a little tear in the night sky. She thanked God for giving her tonight with Trent. She didn’t expect to get another one, and that was okay. She doubted a second night could possibly be as soul-shaking as the one she’d experienced. As she drifted off to sleep, she didn’t know how right she was.
When she returned to the hospital the next evening, she was shocked to see Trent’s bed empty. It was freshly made, awaiting a new occupant. A shiver shot through her. Did something bad happen to him?




Chapter Six



Nine hours earlier

Awakened early from the sweetest dream about Jory, Trent copped an attitude with Nurse Marie and the doctor standing at the foot of his bed. “Did you have to wake me up at that exact moment? Damn. Ruined a great dream.” He crossed his arms over his chest, sulking.
“It’s time to get your things together, Trent.”
“What?”
“We’ve found a cornea donor. We’re sending you to New York City for the transplant.”
“What?” He bolted upright, ignoring the pain.
“You heard him. This is your lucky day, soldier,” Marie said. “Let’s get started.”
Trent thought his heart would burst. First, he’d found Jory, and now, he’d see again.
“Maybe you should buy a lottery ticket?” the doctor said.
Trent could hear the scratch of pen on paper and guessed the man was writing. “Why? I’ve already won. I’m gonna see again.”
“The donor’s sister wanted to see you. Is that all right?” the doctor asked, as he thrust a clipboard toward the Staff Sergeant. “You have to sign. Here. I’ll guide you.” He put the hard board between the Marine’s hands.
Trent made a messy scrawl of his name. “The donor’s sister? Do I know her?”
“I don’t know. She didn’t say. She’s waiting outside.”
“Sure. Send her in. I’m happy to thank whoever is responsible for this miracle.”
Trent heard someone opening drawers. He assumed it was Nurse Marie. He didn’t worry about packing up, he doubted he’d arrived with anything more than his wallet.
“Staff Sergeant Trent Stevens, this is Mary Jefferson.”
Trent put out his hand. “Pleased to meet you, Miss Jefferson.”
“Me too,” she said in a wobbly voice as she shook it.
“Funny, I had a guy in my unit named Jefferson. No relation, I take it?”
Silence greeted him. A thought landed in his head, and his pulse jumped. His breath quickened. No, couldn’t be.
“You’re right on the money, Sergeant Stevens.”
“What?”
Tell me it isn’t true!
“Harvey Jefferson was my brother.”
“Was?”
“He was killed in action. Yesterday.”
Trent choked on his saliva. Two sets of hands pounded his back.
“Yesterday?” he squeezed out when he could speak.
“Yes. Killed in action. Harvey had willed his body parts, whatever might be left.”
“Do you mind my asking, how’d he die?”
“That’s okay. I don’t mind. Sniper shot to the neck. He bled out. So his eyes, his corneas, to be exact, are intact.”
Trent groped for words but found none.
“He had told me, a long time ago, if this ever happened, to look in his unit first. To find someone who might need something. Something he could no longer use. I spoke to your superior, and he directed me to you.”
“I don’t know what to say, Miss Jefferson. Harvey was a great guy. I’m so sorry to hear he’s gone.”
“Not completely gone. We’ve managed to save some of his parts for others. He’ll live on through you, and the rest.”
“That’s incredibly generous of you. Thank you so much for thinking of me, finding me. This means everything to me. To be able to see again. My prayers have been answered.”
“I know Harvey would be happy to know he’s helped you.”
“If there’s anything I can ever do for you…”
“No worries. Just live a good life. I hope his corneas help you to see happiness.”
He heard the quaver in her voice and reached out his hand. She put hers in his, and he clasped it. Then, he kissed the back.
“They will. I’m sure they will.”
When she let go, he heard her shuffling through something then a sound like someone blowing their nose. At once, he realized how hard this must be for her. A tightness grew in his chest at the memory of his friend, until the emotion could no longer be contained. Tears filled his eyes and overflowed onto his cheeks. He swiped at them, impatiently, with the back of his hand.
“Good luck to you, Staff Sergeant.”
“And to you, Miss Jefferson.”
“I hate to break this up, but we’ve got to get him to the City. Thank you so much, Miss Jefferson.”
“Go with God” were her parting words.
Trent lay back and listened to the sound of her footsteps as she left his room. As soon as she was gone, things happened fast. Like a tornado whirling around him, Nurse Marie had packed his meager belongings. He was wheeled to the front, where they loaded him onto a stretcher then stuffed him into an ambulance for the journey south.
Sirens screamed his way to the highway, cutting through traffic. The speed of the vehicle made it shake a tiny bit. Trent picked up on it and grasped the sides of the stretcher in his strong grip.
“Aren’t we going a little fast?” Trent ventured.
“Gotta get you to surgery for those new eyes, buddy, while they’re still good,” the driver said.
Fear spiked through the Marine. Another great unknown awaited him. More surgery wasn’t on his top ten, favorite pastimes list, but it was necessary. It wasn’t until he was halfway to New York before his thoughts turned from memories of Harvey Jefferson to lustful thoughts about Jory. He grinned. Now, he’d be able to see her, all of her, without that damn bathing suit.
Everything had happened so fast, he hadn’t gotten Jory’s phone number. Without the letters, and after everything he’d been through, he couldn’t even remember her last name. Besides, his phone had long since lost its charge, he didn’t know where the cord was, and he couldn’t dial anyway. So, he had no way of telling her anything.
He wondered what she’d think when she arrived to find an empty bed. He chewed on a fingernail at the idea she might assume he was dead. It gave him the creeps. He hoped Nurse Marie would rescue his girl from that horrible thought.
After he could see again, he’d figure out a way to get in touch with her. Then, they could resume their relationship as he pieced his life back together. Of course, there was still his leg. Doctors were pretty sure he’d be able to walk, but going back to active duty was out. He was resigned to receiving a medical discharge from the Marines.
He’d have to face physical therapy. Healing for the lacerations he had was progressing nicely, according to the doctors. He figured he must look like some ragdoll, some Frankenstein monster, stitched together here and there.
Jory had seen him and didn’t seem to care. Dreams for the future would be his again. He could hardly wait. And now, he’d have a beautiful woman by his side to help him through the rough patches and to make his life worth something. Silently, he thanked Harvey for the millionth time. He promised to see only the good in life through his comrade’s eyes.
When they arrived at the hospital, they gave him a local anesthetic, strapped him down, and went to work. He turned his thoughts to his girl, the countryside, and a fat, juicy steak.

* * * *

“So, you want to leave me a number where Staff Sergeant Stevens can get in touch with you? I’m sure we can locate him,” Nurse Marie said, as she opened the curtains wide and cracked the window to air out the room.
“No, thank you. That won’t be necessary.”
“I figured he probably had your number, but just in case. You two seemed so happy together.”
Jory managed a wan smile.
“I’ve got to run. Take care of yourself. Best of luck to you both. Do stop by and say hello when the Sergeant gets better, now, won’t you?”
Jory nodded. She left the room and headed for her car. Emptiness washed through her. That was it. He was gone. Now, he could see, and their relationship was over. She had much to do before he came back, if he came back.
A frown compressed her lips at the thought he’d be returning for her. Maybe even looking for her? After all, he hadn’t said anything. Didn’t notify her he was leaving. Of course, Nurse Marie had said he had left in a big hurry. Did that relieve her of any obligation to try to find him? She figured it did. Now they were simply ships passing in the night.
On the drive home, she let out a breath, remembering the dinnertime conversation after Jim Sparks had called to offer her the job.
“Jim Sparks called today,” Jory said, hiding a smile.
“Oh?” Nan cocked an eyebrow.
“Who’s he? A new boyfriend? Boy, you go through them faster than I do.”
“He’s the editor-in-chief of the Oak Bend Reporter.”
“Now you’re dating an editor-in-chief?” Amber narrowed her eyes. “How old is he?”
“I’m not dating him, Cookie. He offered me a job. I’m going to be the Managing Editor of The Reporter.”
“Congratulations, Jory,” Nan said, cutting a piece of quiche with her fork.
“It’s a long commute to Oak Bend, isn’t it? Or will you be working at home?”
Jory laid a gentle hand on her sister’s arm. “I’m moving.”
The words hung in the air.
Amber’s head snapped up. Questioning blue eyes stared at the journalist. “You’re leaving? I didn’t think you’d leave unless you got married.”
“It’s time. You can handle yourself. Honestly. And you’ll be with Nan.” As soon as the words were out of Jory’s mouth, Amber had pushed away from the table and left in tears. Jory wasn’t surprised. She frowned. Moving ahead was harder than she had planned.
Amber didn’t speak to Jory for three days. Finally, the girls made up. Still, a twinge of worry furrowed the older girl’s brow when she watched her younger sibling. Was Amber truly ready to let Jory go?
Now, Jory’d have to move up her escape plan. When she got home, she went up to her room and closed the door.
“Yes, I’ll be needing the room right away. When will you have it ready? I can come and see it tomorrow. Thank you. That’s very kind.”
Jory checked her bank balance online and moved some money from savings to checking. Although she wasn’t scheduled to start her new job for two weeks, she’d be moving as soon as possible. Although she didn’t make a big salary, with three women contributing to the upkeep of the house and food, she’d managed to sock away a little for a rainy day. And now, it was pouring.
She had enough to pay for two months’ rent before she collected her first paycheck. Perfect, all her plans were falling into place.
Dinner was at six. Nan had grilled burgers, and the temperature was warm enough for them to eat outside.
“I’m moving out, maybe tomorrow. Monday, for sure.”
“So soon?”
“Things have changed. Trent’s gone to New York for a cornea transplant. He could be back any day.”
Tears rolled down Amber’s cheeks. “You’re leaving, and it’s all my fault.”
Jory leaned over to pat her sister. “It’s not your fault. Besides, I’d have to leave sometime.”
“If I hadn’t put your name on that stupid letter, you’d still be living here.”
“It’s my fault, Cookie. I could’ve told him, at least a dozen times. I did it to myself.”
“I don’t want you to go.” The pleading look in Amber’s eyes melted Jory’s heart.
“I’m only going to be in Oak Bend. You can come and see me anytime you want. We can chat on the phone. I’ll come for dinner.”
“You’re leaving town because of what I did.”
“No, because of what I did. And I’m a coward. If I was brave, I’d stay here and take my lumps. But I’m not.”
“You don’t want him to yell at you. You’re in love with him, aren’t you?” Her little sister had a way of getting to the heart of things.
Jory could feel the heat in her face. “Maybe. Maybe I am. And wasn’t I stupid to fall in love with somebody who thinks I’m you?”
“You weren’t stupid. Just soft-hearted,” Nan piped up, adding more catsup to her burger.
“Whatever. It’s done. Don’t cry over spilled milk, Ma used to say. So, let’s forget it and look ahead. I’m making more money now. Soon, I’ll be able to afford an apartment. You can come and have a sleep over, Cookie.”
But Amber wasn’t buying Jory’s soft soap. She turned sad, hostile, teary eyes on her sister, pushed away from the table, and fled the room. Jory toyed with her salad.
“I thought we’d come to terms with this. I don’t know what to do, Nan. She has to grow up some time.”
“She’ll get over it. Amber’s for Amber. She’ll find a way to cope. She always does.”
“I feel like I’m letting her down. And you too.”
“Don’t worry about me. I can get along okay. Who knows, maybe Dan’ll move in?”
Jory looked up, her eyes wide.
“Just kidding. Had you going for a minute, didn’t I?”
“Damn right. Don’t do that again. I almost had a heart attack.”
“Cookie and I will help you pack. You don’t need to take everything right away. Gives you a reason to come back for a visit.”
“Yep. I gave notice yesterday.”
“I’d have loved to have been there when old, big mouth, sour puss hit the ceiling.”
“He could care less about me now. He’s all gaga over Marla. Fine with me. They deserve each other. She’s the reason everyone in town stops me to ask how Trent is.”
Nan laughed. “Yeah, not a great idea to have the post mistress be the biggest gossip in town.”
“Her job gives her access to all kinds of juicy stuff, I’ll bet.”
“God, I never thought of that. I’ll have to have my sex toys shipped to your address in Oak Bend,” Nan said.
Jory choked on her iced tea.
“I was only kidding.”
“You’re gonna kill me.”
“I wouldn’t do that, kitten. Not to my sweet niece.” Nan squeezed Jory’s face with her hand.
“You and Amber’ll have to get along. I won’t be here to break up any spats.”
“Don’t worry about me. I love the girl too, but she’s so selfish sometimes. Makes her hard to deal with.”
“I know. You and I spoiled her. It’s our fault.”
“Don’t take everything on your shoulders, Jory. You’re not Atlas, ya know.”
The women chatted as they ate. When the meal was over, Jory trotted upstairs and began to pack. She loved Nan’s house and hated to leave. Pine Grove had been her home for a long time. Leaving it, or running away—which was what she was doing—left her yearning to stay. Something was unfinished, though she didn’t know what.

* * * *

The next morning, Nan stayed home from church to help Jory pack. Amber did a few things then got too upset to continue. She called Troy, and he picked her up.
Sadness seeped into Jory’s heart as she took down things she’d tacked up on the walls. Leaving this room, her home for fifteen years, wouldn’t be a walk in the park. She grabbed her tissue box and removed Trent’s bird drawings, as well as his picture. Slipping each in its glassine envelope, she layered them in a small box.
She folded the contents of her dresser and stacked the shirts, shorts, and underwear in another box. Next, she plucked out the hangers with work clothes on them and laid the outfits across the bed. Focusing on the practical tasks kept emotion at bay.
The closing of this chapter of her life held more pain than she’d expected. Nan had suggested dumping Trent’s art, but Jory couldn’t do it. Whether she and Trent could be together or not didn’t affect the love in her heart. There’d always be a place for the artistic, bird-loving soldier, even if he didn’t feel the same.
She smiled for a moment at the irony of it. Always dreaming about falling in love, finding the right man—Jory’s fantasy man would be the answer to her prayers, the catalyst who would start her life over again. She’d step out of the shadows. Now that the relationship with her Marine had come to an end, so had her dream. She’d try to be satisfied with the passion they’d shared. At least she’d experienced true love once in her life. Probably more than most people, she figured.
Letting go didn’t sit easy. Greed gripped her heart. She wanted more, another chance, another SSGT Trent Stevens. She shuddered to think she’d be destined to end up a crazy old lady with a house full of cats. Was that more predictable than her unpredictable love?
The last one to be tucked away was of Rocky, the hawk. Jory smoothed it with her fingers, staring at the fine lines. She closed the box, brought it to her lips quickly, and then added it to a larger one headed for Oak Bend.
By the time she’d moved out most of her belongings, which didn’t amount to much by Amber’s standards, her room looked dusty and bare. A stab of pain shot through her heart. People told you to “move on with your life.” But it wasn’t as easy as they said. Not all of her melancholy related to Trent. The unexpected attachment to her small space, the little house, and her aunt and Amber glued her feet to the wood floor.
A chickadee landed on her windowsill. Fortunately, the screen kept the tiny bird from entering her room. He called his distinctive call, looked at her, and cocked his head to the right then back. She smiled. Surely, there would be chickadees in Oak Bend. Yes, but not this particular one.
With a sigh, Jory forced herself to turn, close the door, and descend the stairs. Time to pack up the ferry to “move on” city. She didn’t want to keep her aunt waiting. When the last box was loaded and the trunk closed, Nan called to her.
“Come here, kitten.” The older woman poured two mugs of coffee and sat down at the kitchen table. “I have a confession.”
“Oh, God. I don’t think I can take any more stress, Nan. What is it?” Jory plopped down in the seat across from her.
“You’ve been contributing to the mortgage now for the past nine years, right?”
Jory nodded.
“Well, truth be told, I never needed your money, or Amber’s either. But don’t tell her.”
“What?”
“Yeah. So, I took your money and put it in a money market account. I’ve been saving it for when I thought you’d need it. Now seems to be the right time. Here.” She handed Jory a check for twenty-seven thousand dollars.
Words wouldn’t come. Jory stared at her aunt, at the check, then back at Nan.
“Whatever you do, don’t tell Amber. She’ll demand her money now and blow it all on clothes and makeup.”
“I won’t. Oh my God. Thank you so much! This is awesome. I never expected it.”
“Yeah, well, now you don’t have to worry about me not being able to pay the mortgage or buy food.”
“That’s such a relief.”
“So, don’t get some cheap little room. Get an apartment. Buy some real furniture and live well.”
“Oh my God! I’m so happy! I’ll move into the room for a couple of weeks until I find an apartment. This is the best news. Thank you so much. You’re such a generous person.” With damp eyes, Jory hugged her.
“It’s as close as I can come to doing what your parents would’ve done.” A tear slipped down Nan’s cheek.
With her bankroll burning a hole in her pocket, Jory headed for her car. She threw it in gear and steered for Route 55. She’d time to find a better place to live then start her new job. She should be happy—success was within her grasp. But all she could think about was Trent. She wondered how his operation had gone and if he could see. Would he ever walk again? Would he be one hundred percent and return to active duty? Unfinished business ate at her. She needed to know he was okay, and that he didn’t need her anymore.
He probably didn’t, she concluded. Then, the song “Too Late for Goodbyes” came on the radio. And she knew that though he could get along without her, she wouldn’t do well without him. For her, it was too late for goodbye. She needed him and always would.
By six o’clock, she had signed a week-to-week contract for a cheerful room in Mary Casey’s house on Third Street. Then, she hit the street, strolling down Main, looking for a restaurant. But at seven o’clock on a Sunday night, nothing was open but a Seven Eleven. She returned to her room, munching on a bag of pretzels, and thought about calling Nan to invite herself to dinner.
There was a knock on the door. “It’s Mary, dear.”
Jory opened.
“Did you want to cook?”
“I was looking for a restaurant. Nothing’s open now.”
“Not on Sunday night. Would you like to have a bite with me and Joe?”
“Oh, I couldn’t do that.”
“We’re having beef stew, and there’s plenty. Please, come join us. We’d love to get to know the new Managing Editor at the Reporter.” Mary put her hands on her hips.
Jory smiled. A home-cooked meal sounded damn good. She followed along to the round table in the dining room. It was set for three. A middle-aged man sporting a salt-and-pepper mustache and an extra twenty pounds stood up. He offered his hand.
“Joe Casey. Welcome.”
“Jory Walker.” Jory sat in the chair Joe indicated.
“Mary’s a fine cook.”
“Thank you so much for the invite.”
Mary brought in the stew, while Joe retrieved a basket of homemade biscuits and butter. Glasses were filled with water or sweet tea. They bowed their heads, and Joe said a prayer of thanksgiving.
“My sister lives in Pine Grove. This town is much bigger,” Mary said.
“I’m looking forward to having more to write about here,” Jory said, between bites of the best stew she’d ever eaten, besides her aunt’s. “You’ve got to give me the recipe for this.”
“Please pass the butter,” Joe said. “What do you plan to write about?”
“I have to get to know the town and check out the archives. See what’s already been covered. I plan to attend town meetings too.”
“Young woman comes to a town a few miles from her home. Takes a temporary room. New job. Tell me, Jory, what’s the real reason you’ve moved to Oak Bend?” Mary asked.




Chapter Seven



After his surgery, Trent moved into Dan MacMurray’s house. By now, he had a walking cast and crutches. Per doctor’s orders, Trent had to wear eye patches for part of the day and use eye drops until his eyes had healed. Days of independence and living alone were over, at least for now.
His need for drops might not be forever—it all depended on how well he recovered and if he contracted any infections. The doctor had him on antibiotics as a preventive measure. Trent hated taking pills, resting, wearing patches, using crutches. He’d never be comfortable living as an “invalid,” his word, depending on others for help.
He hadn’t made it to Staff Sergeant by being a wimpy guy who needed to be taken care of. Strong, independent, he’d always been the one others leaned on. This role reversal didn’t suit him. Short-tempered and grouchy, he counted the days until he could be on his own.
On one trip to the V.A. hospital, he corralled Nurse Marie in the hall. She greeted him with a big hug.
“Look at you! And they thought you’d never walk and never see.” She crossed her arms over her chest and grinned.
Trent wore sunglasses, even indoors. He studied her, reconciling the image he’d formed of her with the reality. She was taller than he’d imagined. “Have you heard from Jory?”
“She came by to see you the day they took you to New York. I told her what happened. She seemed happy for you. I asked for her number, but she said you had it.”
“Me? No. I don’t have it. Everything happened so fast, I didn’t get a chance. Didn’t think I’d be leaving so abruptly.”
“Her last name is Walker. I think she lives with her aunt. I’ll write down the address if you want.”
“Thanks.”
He slipped the paper in his breast pocket then joined Dan, who drove them home.
“How about stopping at the diner for lunch?”
“Sure. I’ll buy.”
“An offer I can’t refuse,” Dan said.
Trent was quiet in the car. He wondered why Jory had lied to Marie about her phone number. He’d just stop over there, see her in person, and find out what was going on. She was the best thing that had ever happened to him, and he wasn’t about to let her go.
As they sipped their coffee after a fine meal of meat loaf and mashed potatoes, Trent leaned back. “I have a favor to ask,” the Marine said, his leg propped up on the booth seat.
“Anything.”
“Can you drive me over to Jory Walker’s house this afternoon? I don’t have her phone number.”
Dan gazed out the window. “You sure she wants to see you?”
“Why wouldn’t she?”
“I don’t know. Just that you haven’t heard from her.”
“I left before we could exchange numbers.”
“Oh. I see. Sure. Sure. Why not?”
Trent’s keen military observation skills kicked in. Dan shifted in his seat and didn’t meet Trent’s gaze.
“You do need to get your drops and rest today too, remember?”
“I will. Promise. Just need to see Jory. Now that I can see.”
Sweat broke out on Dan’s upper lip. Trent’s suspicions were aroused. Dan was hiding something, and Trent needed to know what it was—especially if it concerned Jory.
Trent picked up the tab and hobbled out to the car. He rode in the backseat so he could stretch out his leg. Keeping it in one position too long made it cramp up. Dan appeared more nervous than he had at the diner. This visit had the feel of a covert op. Hiding in the back might be good.
As they drove, the older man spoke up. “Surprising her might not be a good idea. Not telling someone you’re coming. You could get a surprise you didn’t bargain for.”
“That’s okay. I need the truth. If she’s met someone else, I want to know.”
“She might not even be home. Let’s turn around.”
“If she’s not home, all we’ve wasted is a little gas and a little time. Keep going.”
Dan slowed down as they approached the house. Suddenly, the front door opened. The woman in his picture, the one Trent knew to be Jory, came out.
“Stop!” he ordered. Dan hit the brakes.
The young woman skipped down the steps and into a waiting convertible. She kissed the young man behind the wheel and slammed the door. The fellow leaned over to give her a bigger smooch then put the vehicle in gear and roared off.
Trent thought his heart had stopped beating, then, suddenly, it was beating twice as fast. He couldn’t catch his breath as his pulse pounded in his ears.
“Trent?” Dan asked, turning from the front seat.
“Home. Drive,” he choked out. “I’ve seen all I need to.”
Dan turned the car around.
Adrenaline pumped into Trent’s veins. Pain broke through. Everything hurt. His eyes, his leg, and the back of his head throbbed. The places that had been stitched together ached. He needed to get home, lie down, and forget he was alive.
Dan pulled into the carport and opened the door for Trent.
“Thank you.” Trent eased himself out of the backseat, struggling to keep his balance. Dan propped him up until he was safely supported by his crutches.
Trent disappeared into the den, a first-floor room which had been converted to his bedroom. Dan administered eye drops, and Trent tried not to cry for twenty minutes. His chest heaved, and he turned on the radio. He switched channels until he found music. He put the eye patches on and lay back down. He propped his leg up on three pillows and listened. The song that came on was Julian Lennon’s “Too Late for Goodbyes.”
Tears streamed down the Sergeant’s face. Sadness and anger swirled through his heart. When the number was over, he threw the radio against the wall, shattering it into pieces. The door opened, then closed again, softly clicking into place. Trent rolled on his side, grabbed his pillow, stuffed it in his mouth, and sobbed.

* * * *

Two months later

Jory had become comfortable in her new job. The people at The Reporter treated her with respect. Jim Sparks, gruff and demanding, expected the best from her, and she worked hard not to let him down.
Jory trekked to Nan’s house for dinner once a week. She, her aunt, and Amber no longer mentioned Trent. For a month, Jory had asked at least once a week if he had come around looking for her, but the answer had always been “no.”
It hurt her heart to think, once he had regained his sight, he had turned his back on her. She’d never expected he’d forget her so fast and chided herself on being naïve. She’d been easy, maybe too easy, and now, he’d moved on to his next “fling,” or “friend with benefits.”
As many times as she had said that, she couldn’t convince herself. A sneaking suspicion that something had happened seeped into her brain. She asked Nan about Trent’s recovery, and her aunt reported that he was doing well. Of course, that was good news, but she’d almost have been happier to find out something had gone wrong. At least it would explain his indifference.
She’d tossed out the other explanation—that she’d been plain stupid. Jory, the smart Walker girl, was simply too intelligent to be taken for such a ride by the handsome Marine. Any way she sliced it, it still hurt. Not knowing made the pain worse.
Even when she sank into a new pity party, she couldn’t deny his disappearance had relieved her of the responsibility of facing him with the truth. He’d released her from a whole lot of explaining. Most likely, he’d have ended up dumping her anyway. She consoled herself with the idea that avoiding the confrontation was the less painful way to part. But she didn’t really buy it.
She wished she didn’t still love him. It would have been so much easier if he had been only a diversion. But she missed him every day—talking to him, looking for a letter, holding hands. Her new job was demanding, her success uncertain—she could have used his support, or at least his friendly ear.
After living at the Casey’s for two months, she’d located a comfortable and affordable first-floor, two bedroom apartment. She’d furnished it with the money Nan had given her. Jory kept herself too busy to think much about Trent by starting a garden and putting up bird feeders.
The birds reminded her of the funny stories she and the Marine had shared about the antics of the little feathered creatures. When something cute occurred, she made a mental note, forgetting she wouldn’t be retelling it to Trent. She shared it with Nan and Amber, but they soon tired of her bird tales. When she got into bed at night, Trent occupied her mind. She’d replayed every minute she’d spent with him, a dozen times over.
If she was still awake in the wee hours, she’d fish out some of his letters from the pretty, cloth-covered box and sit up reading until exhaustion weighed her eyelids down.
As the day for the town garage sale drew near, Jory no longer feared returning to Pine Grove. Obviously, Trent wasn’t looking for her, so she could go about her business with her anonymity intact. She pushed aside the disappointment and chose to see it as a relief.
Amber babbled on and on about Troy and how wonderful he was. Jory smiled to see her sister finally stick to one man. Maybe Troy was man enough to tame the Walker wild child.
Mary had fixed Jory up on a couple of dates, but they fizzled. She couldn’t find anything to talk about. They didn’t know about birds or books, so she dismissed them as incompatible. Being alone gave her time to read and watch the finches. She had a busy, full life, and decided that that would have to be enough.
Her cell rang.
“You have to come to the garage sale. It’s gonna be huge. You must need stuff for your new place,” Amber prattled on.
“Okay. I’ll come.”
“Oh, good. I’ve invited Troy to dinner. Is that okay?”
“Of course, it’s okay. You don’t have to clear it with me.”
“Nan said I should ask.”
“Don’t be silly. It’s fine with me.”
“Good. Cause I already invited him!” Amber giggled.
Jory drove over the night before so she could be in on the dinner with Troy. He was an amazingly good-looking young man with hair almost as blond as Amber’s. Tall, maybe six three, with broad shoulders. He gushed on about Amber. He accomplished the impossible—he impressed Jory. This guy seemed to truly love her crazy sister. The older sibling silently chided herself for being shocked.
The next morning, the entire town buzzed, the old and young, alike, scurried around, dusting off basement treasures and arguing about the best way to arrange their used goods. Couples set up tables in front of their houses, displaying their stuff. Children destroyed kitchens preparing lemonade and cookies to sell to thirsty shoppers. The women’s club had a spot by the firehouse. Even the Sheriff’s office gave space in their parking lot to a group of retired cops and firemen to make a few bucks.
Mismatched plates, incomplete sets of dishes, old bikes, radios with a slight crack in the case, hard cover and paperback books by the dozens, kitchen appliances, tools, well-loved toys, board games missing a piece, jigsaw puzzles, and newly-washed clothing filled card tables, folding tables, driveways, front porches, and lawns. Pine Grove was decked out for the sale of the year. Folks were already deciding how to spend the large amounts of cash they hoped to rake in.
Amber and Nan had gone through the attic to select things from their parents’ house to dump. They added artwork, barely-worn clothing, books, Uncle Ben’s old pipes, and other items Nan had saved over the years. Jory agreed to part with the things they had selected and added two boxes of second-hand stuff she’d left in her room for the sale.
She reminisced for an hour or two upstairs. Happy memories of her parents and her early life with them warmed her, bringing a smile to her lips. She dusted off the small, china animals she and her mother had collected together. A few pictures, a famous saying needlepointed by her mom, and framed by her dad, were still there. Parking her rear on an old piano stool, Jory flipped through the snapshots, stopping to recall the adventures she’d shared with her folks and beloved friends.
These memories were hers alone. Amber had been either a baby or not even born when some of the photos had been taken. Jory had enjoyed a period of seven years of being the only child. Her time with her parents was memorialized here. With her heart still hurting, she needed this time with them, even if it was only on paper. The images of their smiling faces soothed her spirit. She sensed their presence.
By the time she descended the steep attic steps, the sun was beating down bright and hot on the front lawn. Nan had busied herself making three gallons of sweet tea while the young women set up the table. Jory bowed to Amber’s artistic sense of what should go where and which tablecloths they should use.
“We don’t have enough tags. Dammit.” Amber crossed her arms over her chest.
“We need tape, and this tablecloth has seen better days. It belongs in the garbage. Let’s head down to The Country Store,” Jory said.
Amber made a face.
“Come on. We’ll get ice cream at the Frosty Freeze too. My treat.”
“You’re paying? I want a hot fudge sundae.”
Jory laughed. “You got it.”
They piled into Jory’s old car and toddled down the road. Unfortunately, The Country Store was sold out of all the things they needed. They had their ice cream, and Jory persuaded her sister to go to the big dollar store two towns away. As they rode, Amber talked about Troy.
“He’s doing real well at the hardware store. Someday, he’s gonna be a manager.”
“He’s a hard worker?”
Cookie nodded. “Oh, yes. He works more overtime than anyone. That’s how he got the money to buy me this watch.” Her sister flashed the beautiful timepiece on her wrist.
“Teach him to save his money. Then, he can buy you a house, and you can get married.”
“Don’t worry about me. It’s you we’ve got to worry about. You need a man. And not some broken one who breaks your heart, either. A whole guy. Nice. Who appreciates you. You’re one in a million, Jory.”
Her eyes watered. “Thanks, Cookie.”
Saturday mornings, the dollar store was busy. The women divided up their list of items and each went her way. Jory picked up a basket and headed for the craft aisle. Amber joined her a few minutes later with everything but two must-haves.
“You get the tape and pick out a tablecloth. I’ll get on line.”
Amber agreed. Jory selected the first line she saw. It didn’t matter if it was longer than the others, her sister would have more time to find the last necessities. Humming Julian Lennon’s song, she almost passed out when she glanced at the doorway. There, leaning against a cane and wearing sunglasses, stood SSGT Trent Stevens.

* * * *

Jory’s mouth fell open. She sucked in air while her heartrate doubled. She tightened her grip on the basket. Glancing around for an escape route, like a rabbit cornered by a fox, the young woman didn’t know where to go. She froze, staring at the young man. He filled out a snug T-shirt and jeans. Tall and lean, he looked as handsome and sexy as his picture.
Jory had never seen him in street clothes. She couldn’t tear her gaze from him. He removed the dark glasses. His eyes connected with hers, and her heart stopped completely. She held her breath, her mouth as dry as a wad of cotton, as discovery loomed.
But there was no acknowledgment in his look. As if she was a total stranger to him, he shot her a cold glare before turning away. Realization that he didn’t know who she was washed over her, making her weak. Of course, he wouldn’t recognize her. He had never seen her before. Jory didn’t know whether to cheer or sob.
She leaned against a display for support. The pain of being non-existent to him was worse than she could have imagined. She froze. The man behind her nudged her to go forward. Jory stepped out of the line. Turning to him, she murmured, “Forgot something.”
Trent moved steadily. His limp didn’t appear to slow him down much. He was headed for the sale rack in front. A familiar voice grabbed Jory’s attention. Amber was talking as she walked down the aisle toward the check out.
Panic seized Jory by the throat. With shallow breathing, she waved at her sister and shook her head furiously to get her to stop where she was. Amber glanced up, gave her a quizzical look, then resumed her path toward disaster.
The moment she came into view, Jory closed her eyes, but couldn’t shut out Trent’s greeting.
“Jory!” he called, moving toward Amber.
Jory’s eyes flew open.
The younger woman looked up, confused. Jory shook her head again and brought her finger to her lips. Amber got the message and turned to face her pen pal quickly approaching. The older girl muttered a quick prayer that her sister would play along and not expose her.
“Wait! Jory. I want to talk to you.”
Amber tapped her foot, watching Jory sneak up closer, pretending to be studying a box of laundry detergent. Jory focused her eyes on some fabric softener on a shelf in the aisle where Amber awaited her doom. When he got close, Jory held her breath, her ears tuned to every syllable.
“It’s me, Trent. Hasn’t been that long. I’d think you’d remember.”
“Oh, yes. I do, I do.” Amber nodded, but there was confusion in her eyes.
“Just want you to know that I know all about you.”
“You do?” was her feeble, pleading reply.
“Yeah. I saw you get in that convertible, and kiss some guy.”
“Guy? You must mean Troy.”
“I don’t give a fuck what his name was. I saw you. You kissed him. After telling me you weren’t seeing anyone. You lied. You led me on. Slept with me. Was that a pity fuck?”
“Please, keep your voice down.” Amber’s face reddened. “Look, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“That’s just what I thought you’d say. Liar. Bitch.”
Jory closed her eyes. Maybe it was justified for Amber to get the grief for her sister’s action. Wait. No one had been unfaithful. Jory’s heart sank. What had started as a simple deception, a little white lie, had become a tangled web of deceit.
Jory’s heart hurt for Trent. And now, the hole she was in simply got deeper and darker. He thought her a liar, deceiver, a two-timer. Would a confession of the truth fix that or make it worse? Would he call her a liar and a bitch too? She shuddered.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Amber said.
“Oh, really?” He shifted his weight.
“Really. Now, if you’d get out of my way, I’ll pay and leave.”
“Of course,” he said, taking a step to the side. “I’d never stand in your way. I’m sure men are lined up to take you out. Why would you bother with a washed up Marine? I sure as hell wouldn’t if I were you. Do you sleep with every guy you feel sorry for?”
“If you weren’t injured, I’d slap your face. This wasn’t meant to hurt you. Look, I can’t explain anymore. I’m sorry things turned out this way. Please excuse me. I have to go. I wish you a happy life.” Amber lowered her gaze to the floor and made a beeline for the checkout. After shooting a hostile glare at her sister, she accepted the spot in line the man who had been behind Jory offered.
Jory stood so close to Trent, she could smell his aftershave.
He turned to face her. His eyes were a beautiful hazel. But the cold look of disgust in them froze her blood. “Hasn’t anyone ever told you it’s rude to stare? Haven’t you ever seen a man with a cane before?” His brusque, glacial tone sliced through her guts, hurting almost as much as having him look upon her as a stranger. The shock of the encounter left her trembling as he strode out of the store.
In her wildest dreams, she’d never imagined their next meeting would be like this. Humiliation and regret washed over her as she took in what he’d said. Jory handed the basket to her sister and fished some money out of her purse.
“I’ll wait outside,” she whispered, shoving the bills in Amber’s fist.
“You’ll stay right here with me! You’re the reason that man humiliated me in public.”
“I don’t feel well. I’m going to the car.” Dizzy, Jory clutched her sister’s forearm.
“You okay?” Amber touched her sibling’s forehead.
Jory’s mind swirled. She took a deep breath, patted her sister, and managed to get to the parking lot. She eased into the passenger side, as she was in no shape to drive, and shut the door with a shaking hand. Leaning her head back, she closed her eyes.
In a few moments, Amber opened the door. “You want me to drive?”
“Yes.”
“You hate my driving.”
“Today, you drive.” Jory didn’t open her eyes.
“I’ve never seen you like this. Are you all right?”
“How did he see you with Troy? At McDonald’s? Maybe he came by the house. Did you see him?”
Amber shook her head as she put the car in reverse. “Nope.”
“Maybe you were preoccupied or something. Obviously, he saw you kissing Troy and thought you were me.”
“I guess.”
“Thought you were two-timing him. That’s why he hasn’t been around. Not because he was dumping me. But because you broke his heart.”
“Not me. I didn’t break his heart, you did.”
“This is very confusing,” Jory said.
“Did you sleep with him? In the hospital?”
“None of your business.”
“He announced it to the whole store. That makes it my business. Did you see the looks some of those old ladies gave me? Could freeze Hell.”
Jory laughed. “That sex embarrasses you is hilarious.”
“You’re just lucky I didn’t tell him it was you. What are you going to do now?”
“I don’t know.”
“What did he say to you before he left?”
“Told me off for staring. Thought it was because he had a cane. He said I was rude. It was awful, Cookie.” Her voice quavered. “The cold way he looked at me. Like he didn’t know me. Like I was some stranger. The first time I see his eyes and they’re hateful. I don’t know what to do.” Tears wetted Jory’s cheeks.
Her sister patted her arm. “Don’t worry, sis. You’ll figure it out. I must say I have new respect for you.”
“You do?” Jory rummaged through her purse, looking for a tissue.
“Sex in the hospital. That’s pretty awesome. Even I’ve never done that.”
“Probably the only place you haven’t.”
“Shut up, girl!” Amber gave her a playful smack on the thigh.
When they returned home, Jory trudged up the stairs, all the way to the attic, and shut the door. She fingered a large portrait of her parents. “Mom, Dad, I’ve done something bad. I really screwed up this time. What should I do? I need your advice. Please, help me,” she whispered.
She clasped the wooden frame to her chest and cried.
A few minutes later, Amber knocked. Jory lay on the sofa, where she had nodded off, still clutching the photo.
“Hey, sis. Open up.”
“It’s not locked,” Jory said in a sleepy voice.
Amber entered and joined her sister on the couch. The two girls stared at the ceiling, like they had done in the past. It was their spot for serious talks. All the important ones had taken place in the attic. This would be added to the list.
“You have to come to the sale today.”
“Nope. Don’t feel like it.”
“I’ve got everything set up. Come on. People are asking for you.”
“Yeah, right. Like who?”
“Laura Dailey, for one.”
Jory snorted. “So?”
“You’re moping. This isn’t going to help you. Stop your pity party and get downstairs.”
“After that encounter, I’m entitled to a pity party.”
“Look, why don’t we write this off as a little mistake, forget it, and move on.”
“It’s hard for me. I was in love with him.”
“I know. You were. Not anymore.”
“I don’t know now. After today, well, it was a game changer.”
“So forget him. He’s forgotten you. Move on. Come on, Jory. I need your help.”
Jory blew out a breath, frowned, and sat up. “You always need my help.”
“You’re not around much anymore. So, I’ve got to get it when I can.”
Jory chuckled. “You never change, Cookie.”
“And neither do you. You’re still the best sister that ever was.”
The women hugged and pushed up to their feet.
“We’ve got some junk to sell. Let’s get this show started,” Amber said, patting some blush and powder over Jory’s face.




Chapter Eight



Trent got behind the wheel and drove to Dan’s. He thought he’d feel better after telling Jory off, but he didn’t. Part of him had wanted her to say she’d made a mistake with that other guy, and it was really Trent she loved. But it hadn’t happened. He chided himself for being a baby, a naïve, stupid jerk, for wishing her back in his life.
Dan was outside watering the shrubs when Trent returned. He raised his gaze. “Hey, where’s the stuff you were going to get?”
“Oh, shit! I can’t believe I forgot that.”
“What the hell? Something happen?”
Trent could feel heat in his cheeks. “You might say that.” He rubbed his neck.
The older man turned off the hose, and they went inside. Dan sank down on the sofa. “Wanna tell me?”
“No. But I will anyway. I ran into that bitch, Jory. I couldn’t believe it—there she was, skipping down the aisle, like she wasn’t leaving destroyed men in her wake. Smiling. Happy. If she’d been a man, I’d have decked her.”
“What?”
“Yeah. Jory. Told her off too. Told her off good.”
Dan smacked his palm into his forehead. “You didn’t.”
“I did. She had it coming. I don’t see the problem.”
“You got so wrapped up in humiliating her, that you forgot our list of supplies.”
“That’s about it.”
The phone rang, and Dan answered. “It’s for you.”
“Me?”
“It’s Jory.”
“That bitch? Forget it,” Trent said, turning away.
“Take it. Take it. You should listen. There are some things you don’t know.”
“I know she’s a liar and a two-timer. What else do I need to know?”
“Give her one more chance. You might be surprised.”
“Really?” Trent cocked an eyebrow.
“For me?” Dan held the phone out and wiggled it.
“Okay, okay. But I’m not going to believe some bullshit,” Trent said, taking the receiver.
“Trent?” The voice was familiar, but shaky.
“Yeah. What the fuck do you want?”
Dan slipped out, giving Trent privacy.
“I want you to let me explain. In person. One more time. Please.”
“Why should I?”
“There are things you don’t know.”
“I’ve seen the truth. What else is there to say? I get it. You’ve got a ton of guys after you. Why should you pick a clunker like me? I got that loud and clear. So, what’s the point of rehashing it?” He reached for the phone base.
“Wait! Wait. Please! Give me one more chance.”
He put the receiver back to his ear. “Why?”
“Because I want to tell you the truth. I need to. It’s not fair to you. I have to do it in person.”
“So, there’s something I don’t know?”
“Yes. That’s it. Please.”
“Where?”
“You know where I live, right?”
“Right.”
“Meet me in the backyard, by the bird feeders.”
“When?”
“An hour?”
“Done.” He hung up.
Dan returned to the room. “What happened?”
“I’m an asshole, a sucker. I agreed to meet her. Says she had some truth to tell me.”
“And you don’t believe her?”
“Would you?”
“Don’t drag me into this.”
“You know, don’t you?”
Dan held up his palms. “I plead the fifth.”
“All this time?”
“Don’t ask me.”
“Okay, okay.”
“While you’re out, you might swing by the store and pick up the stuff you forgot.”
“Good idea. At least the trip won’t be a total waste.”
“I’m sure it won’t,” Dan said, a smile playing with his lips.
“There you go. Hinting that you know what’s going on.”
“Me?”
“You. And if you don’t stop, I’ll make you tell me.” Trent poked a finger in his friend’s chest.
“My lips are sealed.”
“I’m going, before I do something we’ll both regret.” Trent gave Dan a playful slap on the back and headed for his car.
While he did his shopping, he couldn’t help but wonder what his two-timing girlfriend was going to tell him. He ran through a dozen scenarios in his mind waiting on line at the checkout. He put music on the radio, but didn’t hear it until “Too Late for Goodbyes” came on.
Was it too late for goodbye? Was his heart so captivated he couldn’t bear to part from her forever? His head warred with his emotions. No sane man would stay with a woman who couldn’t be faithful. He’d wanted to sweep her from his life, but her pleading tone on the phone touched him. He wanted to believe it was all a mistake, but that was like adding one and one and ending up with twelve. It simply didn’t make sense.

****

The minute Jory hung up the phone, she plopped down into a chair.
Nan came in the kitchen. “What’s up, kitten?”
“I called Trent. He’s coming over.”
“Oh my God! Really?”
“Yes. I’m going to tell him. I didn’t want to do it on the phone. I think it’s only fair to do it in person.”
Nan put an arm around her niece’s shoulders. “That’s very brave of you.”
Jory buried her face in her hands, sobbing. “I can’t just run away and leave him. He thinks I’ve been unfaithful. How horrible! He thinks I don’t love him, that I cheated on him. He probably feels like shit.” She stopped to take a breath. “I can’t leave him like that.”
“You realize he might be a bit ticked off?”
She nodded. “I know. I expect that. But I love him, and I can’t do that to him, just leave him like that.”
“He might break it off after you tell him. Are you prepared for that?”
She shook her head. “Not really. I mean, I know he probably will. Dump me. But I have to do it. I should have done it a long time ago. Before the hospital, even. And when we had that time alone. Oh, God. Why didn’t I do it then?” Another bout of tears stole her words.
Nan rubbed her back. “Maybe because you didn’t want to upset a guy who was in such bad shape? Maybe ’cause you were looking out for him?”
“Maybe. But now it seems so selfish.”
“It wasn’t. There isn’t a selfish bone in your body.”
“The time has come,” Jory said, glancing at her watch. “He’ll be here in forty-five minutes.”
“I’ll make sure you aren’t disturbed.”
“Aren’t disturbed about what?” Amber bounced into the kitchen, carrying a shopping bag. “I picked up a few kitchen things from Laura Dailey’s table.” When no one responded to her, Amber looked around. “What’s going on? Who died?” Amber dropped her bag on the table and sat down.
“Trent Stevens is coming over.”
“That shithead! What the hell for? If I never see him again…” The younger sibling jumped up and paced.
“Jory’s going to tell him the truth.”
Amber stopped. “You are?”
Jory nodded.
“Good! Then, he can apologize to me. Boy, he owes me one ginormous sorry.” She crossed her arms over her chest.
Nan rose from her chair. “I don’t think so,” she said, putting her hands on Amber’s shoulders and turning the young woman around. “You’re not going to be anywhere near these two when they have their, uh, conversation. Come with me, Cookie. We have stuff to sell,” Nan said, peeking through the window. “Look, folks are at our table already.”
Jory climbed the stairs to her bathroom and washed her face. She dabbed on some make-up, combed her hair, and took a deep breath. Time to head out back. She filled a large can with birdseed from the garage and hiked to the feeders.
Jory took down the biggest and filled that first, then returned it to the stand. She hummed the Julian Lennon tune as she finished. With her back to the house, she didn’t see Trent approaching, but the crunch of twigs under his feet alerted her to his presence.
Her stomach did a somersault, her hands started to sweat, and her pulse kicked up. She wiped her palms on her jeans shorts, took another breath.
“Jory?” came the question in a deep voice.
She turned to face him, squinting for a second when she heard his exclamation.
“You?”
She opened wide to see his face redden and him step back.
“You? You’re Jory? The woman I yelled at in the store this morning?”
She nodded.
“You can’t be,” he said, shaking his head.
“Guilty as charged.” Pain sliced through her as old, hurtful comments from her childhood resurfaced in her head. “You’re Amber’s big sister? I’d never have guessed.”
“Then who was the one I called a bitch?”
“Amber. My sister. She’s the one who sent you the first letter. That’s her picture. Well, of course, you know that.”
“So, you’ve been lying to me the whole time?”
Jory glanced at the ground while she nodded. “I’m sorry.”
“Sorry?” Trent raised his eyebrows, his expression stormy. “Why are you telling me now?”
“Because of the look on your face, in the store. When you thought Amber was cheating on you. You were hurt, betrayed. I couldn’t leave you like that. I just couldn’t. It was my fault you felt that way.”
“Damn right, it’s your fault. And now, you’re sorry?”
“Yes. Amber signed up for the pen pal thing, but she signed the letter to you with my name. She always does that to me. But you don’t care about that. So, I wrote you, fully intending to stop corresponding…”
“Then why didn’t you?”
She shrugged. “I guess I liked getting your letters. You were interesting.”
“Just interesting?”
Heat flooded Jory’s face. “Before I knew it, we’d become friends, kinda close.”
“And you figured lying about who you were was the way to keep us together?”
“I figured you had another year and a half over there, and who knew, by that time, maybe you’d have found someone else, and I wouldn’t have to tell you.”
“Come on, Jory. If you’re telling the truth, make it the whole truth.” He leaned on his cane.
“Total truth?” She dropped her gaze to the ground again, and her voice lowered. “I didn’t want to lose you.”
There was silence.
“I knew once you knew the truth, well, you wouldn’t want to continue.”
“Why not?”
“I mean, you were expecting someone who looks like Miss America, like Amber. You know? Not me. I’m not in her league. Far from it. I know it. It’s okay to say so.” She blinked rapidly to keep the tears at bay as she struggled to get through her confession.
His gaze roamed over her, bringing the warmth of humiliation to her cheeks. All her life, people had pitied her because she wasn’t as pretty as Amber. She should be used to it, but it hurt to feel his frank assessment, knowing he was disappointed. Of course, she’d come up wanting.
“I even wrote a letter, telling you the truth, but Nan didn’t mail it. Then, you were in the hospital, and I thought maybe you needed me. And it never seemed the right time to tell you. So, I didn’t. I know it was selfish of me. But I wanted, I wanted—” She stopped, taking a gulp of air, trying to slow her pulse, rein in her emotions.
“What did you want?” His eyes narrowed, his face became a mask.
“I wanted to be with you. Maybe you’d never get new corneas, and you’d never have to know. I know that’s hateful. But I couldn’t help it. I was in love with you.” Staring at the grass, her courage melted in the hot sun. Pain seared through her body as she sensed his anger and rejection. Losing him was harder than she had imagined.
“You were in love with me?”
She nodded, unable to face him.
“And now?”
“I don’t fall in love easily. Or out of it, either. I know you want to move on. Who can blame you? Not me, that’s for sure. But my feelings are the same.” She struggled to keep her voice steady.
“You had sex with me. Was that a mercy fuck?”
“Oh, no. That was the real thing. I felt awful doing it without telling you first. Then after, I just didn’t have the courage.”
“Why?”
“You were all banged up. And I didn’t want to hurt you. But most of all, I wasn’t ready to lose you.”
“And now?”
“Well, now that you’ve seen me… I mean, I’m no prize. I wouldn’t expect you’d still be interested. Not when you were expecting Amber. I’ve got a job in Oak Bend and an apartment there. So, you don’t have to be embarrassed to face me in Pine Grove. I won’t be here much.” She looked up for a moment. “You’re angry. I deserve whatever I get from you. I understand.”
She glanced up once more to see his face was still pink, but not the bright red it had been at first. She let out a breath. It was time to leave before he started yelling and calling her names. She didn’t have the guts to stomach his fury. She’d already accepted being the lowest of the low.
“So, that’s that. I felt you had the right to know. I wish you well. I’m glad you’re in such good shape now. Again, I apologize for lying to you. And now you know Amber wasn’t cheating on you. That should make you feel better too.”
He took a step toward her. Her last, little shred of bravery dissolved completely. Jory turned on her heel and ran out of the yard. Tears streamed down her face, blurring her vision.
“Wait!” he called.
But Jory had no intention of suffering his wrath. She knew when she’d reached the end of her rope.
She rounded the corner, only to run smack dab into a group of men and women rummaging through the items on Nan’s and Amber’s table. Jory snatched a tissue from her pocket and dabbed her face. She covered her mouth with her hand, but couldn’t stifle a sob.
After a quick scan of the crowd, she continued, running up the front steps, and slammed into the house. She made it up to her old room and flung herself on the bed, scrunching a pillow under her chest, and cried.

****

A small voice followed a knock. “Jory. Jory? Come out, sis. The table is hopping. It’s fun. Come on down.”
“No. Go away.”
“I’m sorry, Jory. Sorry I got you involved with Trent.”
“It’s not your fault, Amber. It’s mine.”
Another knock was followed by a different voice. “Can I come in?” It was Nan.
“Okay.”
“Amber, please man the table. Let me talk to your sister.”
The older woman entered the room, closing the door softly behind her. Jory lay on the bed, pillows propped under her, gazing out the window. Nan sat down next to her.
“Was it bad?”
Jory nodded.
“Did he yell at you?”
“I spilled my guts and took off before he could.”
“Wise idea.”
Jory sat up. Her face was puffy, and a tissue was crumpled in one hand.
“He wanted to come in and talk to you, but I told him to wait a day or two.”
“Oh, thank God. Don’t let him in, please, Nan.” Jory shivered and hugged herself.
“He didn’t look mad. He looked concerned.”
“He looked mad when I last saw him. Damn mad.”
“Maybe when he returns, you’ll feel like talking to him.”
“Doubt it.”
“Please keep an open mind.”
“There’s nothing to think about. I lied to him. He’s damn pissed about it and doesn’t want to hang around a girl he can’t trust. I get it. Don’t blame him one bit.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself.”
“I did a bad thing. Can’t erase that. I took my lumps. Now, I want to leave it all behind.”
“Do you really?”
“I’ll stay for the garage sale, but tomorrow night, I’m going back to Oak Bend.”
Nan patted her niece’s shoulder. “If you’re sure that’s what you want.”
“I have my job there. I’ll get over him. Eventually.”
“Why don’t you fight for him?”
“There’s nothing to fight for. He’s done with me. I said as much, and he didn’t deny it. All he did was ask questions.”
“That’s all?”
Fresh tears threatened. “Even when I said I was no prize, he didn’t argue. When I said I wasn’t in Amber’s league, he didn’t correct me. I’ve never been so sorry to be right before in my life.” Jory rubbed her chest over her heart, as if her hand could erase the ache.
“That’s awful. I’m so sorry.”
“Thanks.”
“Amber feels terrible.”
“For once, it’s not her fault. I did it to myself,” Jory said, with a small smile.
“Amber and I decided to go to Frosty Freeze for a burger tonight, after the sale is over.”
“You guys go ahead. I’m not very hungry.”
“Laura Dailey traded us six of her delicious devil’s food cupcakes for your scarf.”
“Fine. I’ll have a little soup and a cupcake.”
“Suit yourself,” Nan said, rising from the bed.
Jory stretched out and picked up a book she’d been reading. One more day to get through, and then she could escape to her place in Oak Bend. After an hour, relief washed through her. She’d done the right thing, the one thing she’d been dreading for months.
Sure, her love affair with SSGT Trent Stevens was over, but time would heal that. Yes, her dream had been almost within her grasp. Now, it had been washed away by the tide of truth. She sighed. At least she didn’t have to dread telling him anymore, or continue to live a lie.
Sunday morning, she was the first one out on the front porch. She set out the leftover items from the first day of the sale. While her sister and aunt were finishing their eggs, Jory was arranging and rearranging. She brought out the cash box, a pitcher of sweet tea, and plastic cups.
Her mother had told her that keeping busy was the best way to deal with sadness of any sort. Jory had believed her at the time. Today, the diversion only served to keep her from being aware how much her heart hurt.
The sun beat down, heating the air to a pleasant warmth. Jory sat back in the wicker rocker and watched the trickle of people, spilling from church services and others, who didn’t attend, making their way down the street.
The Sheriff had closed off three streets to create a giant mall feeling and people wandered freely from house to house with no worry about cars. The occasional vehicle was permitted through to pick up large items, like overstuffed chairs, sofas, and bedframes. Jory nodded to the folks she knew who passed by.
It wasn’t long before their table had a full crowd. Nan and Amber joined her. The young beauty hugged her sister before she volunteered to wrap some china items in newspaper. Jory kept busy enough not to see Archie Peabody and Marla approaching.
“Where’s your boyfriend?” a familiar voice asked.
Jory looked up. “Oh, Archie. It’s you. Hi.”
“Where is he?”
“What?”
“That military guy. The one you’re so gaga over.” His eyes stared straight at her, his expression unpleasant.
“What’s it to you? Why are you here?”
“My girl, Marla, wanted to see if you were going to sell any of those drawings he made for you.”
“What do you know about those?” Jory put a hand on her hip.
“Seems he’s some artist. Probably gay.”
“He’s a great artist, and he’s not gay.”
“Oh, that’s right. You should know. You slept with him.”
Jory stopped. She handed the cashbox to her sister, who threw a nasty glance at Archie.
“I think you should go, Archie.”
“Why? I’m just speaking the truth. You wouldn’t know the truth if it bit you in the ass.”
“What do you know about it?”
“Everyone knows you were masquerading as Amber to get this guy.”
Jory shot a hostile look at Amber, who shrugged and looked away.
“This is none of your business. Please leave, Archie.”
“Wouldn’t sleep with me, but slept with a guy you barely knew. Know what they call that? They call it slut,” he hissed.
Anger mixed with tears. Jory was glad they weren’t selling any knives, as she would gladly have sunk one into Archie’s heart—if he had one.
Jory turned to leave, but he was beside her. He grabbed her arm and squeezed.
“Ouch! Let go.”
He spun her around. “You were his slut, and then, he dropped you. Dumped you. How does that feel?”
“No, he didn’t. Watch the way you talk to her,” a deep voice piped up.
The small crowd forming turned to see Trent place a large hand on Archie’s shoulder. The Marine pulled him back until he released Jory, who stared at him for a second. Tears started, and she headed for the front steps.
“I can’t do this now,” she muttered as a buzz of whispered comments met her ears.
While she climbed the stairs, the group quieted down. People turned to stare at Archie and Trent. Jory slammed the screen door shut and went to the window. Ducking behind a curtain, she watched the action on the lawn.
“What are you doing here? I thought you were through with her.”
“You thought wrong. The lady asked you to leave.”
“She’s no lady.”
“One more word, and you’ll be eating out of the other side of your face.”
“Are you threatening me?”
“Figured that out, did you? Get outta here before I flatten you. You nasty, disrespectful punk. Jory’s life is none of your business.” Trent curled his fingers into a fist and advanced toward Archie.
The newsman stepped back, sweat pouring off his face. “You can have her.”
“Are you still here?”
Jory bit down on her thumb, her gaze darting from Trent to Archie and back again.
“Come on, Archie. You shouldn’t be shooting your mouth off like that. I told you about those pictures in private. Come on. Leave these folks alone.” Marla tugged on his arm.
“I’m going. But only because you want to, Marla,” Archie said, directing his words toward Trent, who leapt at him, causing the smaller man to give out a shriek and scurry away.
Jory smiled.
“Thanks, Trent. I’ll go get Jory,” Amber said.
The Marine touched her arm. “Wait. I owe you an apology. I’m sorry for all the things I said to you the other day.”
“Don’t worry about it. I get it.”
“Thanks. Will you ask Jory if I can talk to her for a minute?”
“Sure.” Amber headed for the door.




Chapter Nine



She almost bumped into Jory, who was waiting in the entryway.
“Before you open your mouth, I’m not going back outside.”
“Don’t be an idiot. Isn’t that what you always say to me?” Amber rested a hand on her hip.
“I’m not.”
“Fine. The man of your dreams wants to talk to you.”
Jory shook her head. “I don’t think so.”
“He doesn’t look mad to me.”
“Who asked you?” The older girl turned away.
“Now who’s being a sissy and a coward? Don’t make me get involved, Jory. He just wants to talk.”
Jory peered out the window. Trent was sitting on the front steps. Townsfolk were still milling about and a few were buying things from Nan.
“I’ve got to get back. Go talk to him. You’re being a baby,” Amber said, pushing through the screen door.
Jory followed her sister, stopping to lean against the handrail next to Trent.
“What are you doing here?” She tried not to sound hostile, but didn’t succeed.
“You ran off yesterday without giving me a chance to speak.”
“I couldn’t handle your anger. I still can’t. If you want to let me have it, please do it in a letter.” She straightened up and started down the remaining steps.
He closed his fingers around her arm. “I don’t think that’s exactly fair, do you?”
“Nothing’s fair. Life isn’t fair. So what?”
“This isn’t a good time or place. Could I come around and see you? Maybe at your place in Oak Bend?”
She sighed. “I suppose you’re entitled to have your chance to flog me. I deserve it.”
“Give me a chance. I promise not to lose my temper.”
“Okay then. Here’s my address.” She dictated it while he punched it into his phone.
“This week? I won’t stay long.”
“Just long enough to reduce me to ashes,” she muttered to herself. “Friday? Six?”
“Perfect. See you then.” He pushed to his feet and cupped her cheek with his right hand before making his way down the street.
Jory touched her face and watched him walk away. The limp wasn’t very pronounced, but it was still there. She wondered what he wanted with her. A smile graced her lips as she thought of having some time alone with him. Even if it was over between them, perhaps they could be civil, almost friends?
Nope. The friend thing wasn’t happening. There was no way she could stop wanting him, no matter how hard she tried. How could she keep from kissing him? Friends don’t kiss like that. And Jory wasn’t a “friends with benefits” type. With a deep sigh, she returned to the table.
“Jory, there’s no tag on this. How much do you want for this wooden heart locket?” Nan asked.
How much for her heart? It wasn’t for sale.

* * * *

Jory anticipated and dreaded Trent coming to her place. Fortunately, she had five busy days at the paper. She did three interviews and wrote up first drafts. By Friday night, she was tired enough not to be jumping out of her skin.
In a quick trip to the grocery store, she picked up cheese, fruit, and crackers. Not knowing his favorite kind, she got cheddar and Swiss, convinced that one had to be a hit. As she unpacked in her kitchen, she thought about all the things she didn’t know about Trent –like what kind of cheese he preferred. She opened a bottle of Merlot and poured herself a glass. She’d need fortification to face him.
She changed from her suit to a soft pink, jersey shift, sloughed off her shoes, and padded around barefoot. Might as well be comfortable while she was getting ripped apart. He wouldn’t do that, would he? Touch her cheek then destroy her with words? She shivered in anticipation. The dread reminded her of going to the doctor when she knew she’d be getting a shot.
While she prepared the cheese and fruit platter, she played the radio and sang along. A few more sips of wine, and Jory decided no matter what he called her, she’d survive—kind of like getting yelled at by the principal and doing detention in high school. Except she wasn’t in love with the principal.
The bell interrupted her musings. She checked her watch. Right on time. So military. Taking several deep breaths, she made her way to the door. She did one stretch to ease her tension before turning the knob.
There he stood, a vision of masculinity. Tall, handsome, wearing a button-down, blue shirt open at the neck, and khaki pants. She resisted the urge to flatten her palm on his chest. He had one hand behind his back. He smiled at her, his gaze connecting with hers. His eyes held warmth this time. Then, he whipped his fist out in front, displaying a bouquet of plump, pink roses.
“These are for you,” he said, his voice cracking a bit.
“Thank you. Come in.” She took the flowers and stepped to the side. Trent followed her to the kitchen, where she found a pitcher to use as a vase. She fixed the blooms and placed them on the dining table. “They’re beautiful. Thank you. Would you like a beer or wine?”
“Maybe just one. Wine. If it’s open. You’ve got a beautiful place here.” His gaze swept the room, stopping on the sliding glass doors to the yard.
“I picked the first floor so I could have feeders.” She poured his drink.
He took the glass, glancing at her, then away. He drifted over to the back and stopped to watch the finches. “Nice bunch,” he said, nodding.
“I’ve got some cheese, if you’re hungry,” she said. “Please, sit down.”
He joined her on the sofa. Fear kept her from making eye contact. She stared at her drink.
“You’ve come here to say something to me. Please, the anticipation is killing me. Like a Band-Aid, if you pull it off quickly, it hurts less. So, please, spit it out and get it over with.” The sting of tears started behind her eyes. She’d hoped to care less for him when she saw him, but that wasn’t the case.
In fact, she swore she’d loved him more as he stood there on her threshold, looking so gorgeous. She’d fought the urge to grab his lapels, yank him in the door, and smother him with kisses. She gripped the arm of the couch, steeling herself for the harsh words to come.
“What do you think I’m going to say?”
“Just get it over with, please.”
He inched closer.
Fear instinctively urged her to move away, but she resisted, shutting her eyes instead. “Please, Trent. This is torture.”
“Jory, I…” He stopped, took a breath, then started again. “Jory, I was totally surprised to find out you were you. That sounds weird. You know what I mean.”
She nodded and sucked down more wine. She pushed her thumb into one eye, where a few tears stubbornly refused to leave.
“Look, it’s not what you think. Sure, I was pissed off at first. Damn pissed off. I felt like an idiot. Marines are supposed to be smarter than that. To be fooled that way. Well, I felt dumb.”
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
Trent put his forefinger against her lips. “Stop apologizing. But when I got to thinking about it, I kind of figured, so what? You know?”
“Huh?” She opened her eyes wide.
“Yeah. I mean, so you don’t look like Amber. So what? I think you’re beautiful just the way you are.” He tipped her chin up so she had to meet his gaze.
A tear slipped out of the corner of her eye. “You do?”
He nodded. “I do.”
“You’re crazy.”
“No, I’m not. Have you taken a look in the mirror lately?”
“Duh, yeah. Every day.”
He stroked her hair. “Your hair is beautiful, your eyes, like wow. So big and expressive.”
“I’m too thin. No boobs.”
He laughed. “That’s not what I thought in the hospital.”
She could feel a blush stealing into her cheeks. “Not like Amber.”
“You filled my hands. That’s all I need.”
“But all the things you said in your letters about my body and being beautiful.”
“Yeah? So? Those still apply, but to you, not Amber. I don’t know Amber, but I do know you. You’re beautiful on the inside too.”
“So, you’re not mad anymore?”
“Nope. You didn’t lie in your letters, did you?”
She shook her head hard. “No way! Every word was the absolute truth.”
“I’m still in love with you.”
“You are?” she squeaked out.
“Yep. You’re the woman I fell for. And that hasn’t changed.”
“You forgive me?”
“Just don’t ever lie to me again.”
More tears trickled down her cheek. Trent wiped them way with his thumb.
“I promise.”
He slid closer and pulled her onto his lap, closing his arms around her. She curled up, resting her cheek against his chest.
“You’ve had a bad time of it, haven’t you?”
Choked with emotion, she nodded.
“I’m sorry about that. If you’d come to me sooner, we’d be past it by now.”
“I was a coward.”
“Afraid of me?”
Again, she nodded, filled with shame.
“Don’t ever be afraid of me. I have a temper, but it’s the quick flare-up and quick die-down type. I never stay angry long. And I’d never rip you apart.”
“You attacked Amber in the store.”
“Oh, yeah. Forgot about that.” She felt the rumble in his chest as he laughed. “Oops. I have apologized to her.”
“She told me.”
“I suppose if you cheat on me, I could get that kind of mad again.”
“I’d never do that. I’m not a cheater. Are we still together?” She leaned back to gaze at him.
“I hope so. I could never find another woman like you.”
He kissed her then angled his head to deepen it. The rush of her emotions practically knocked Jory off his lap. His tongue made love to her mouth, arousing her desire. His hands gripped her waist, holding her against him. Desire flowed through her veins, kicking her pulse into overdrive, speeding up her breathing and sending pleasure through her.
Jory pushed back. “Maybe we should eat something,” she said, straightening her dress.
“Can I take you out to dinner?”
Her head snapped up. “Great! There’s a cute little mom and pop Italian restaurant down the block.”
“I love Italian food.”
“Okay, then. Let’s go.” Jory grabbed her bag off the kitchen counter.
“Uh, could you give me a minute?”
She glanced down at the bulge in his pants. “Maybe we should do something else first, before dinner?”
“Uh, no. I’m hungry, and I don’t want to rush anything, uh, later.”
She grinned. “Sounds good to me.”
He came up behind her, gripped her shoulders, and kissed her neck. “Oh, yes. It’s going to be very, very good for you.”
Chills shot down her spine at his touch. “I’m a fast eater.”
“That’s good,” he said, bestowing one more kiss on the sensitive column before heading for the door. “I hate waiting.”
Jory stopped in the bathroom to wash her hands and pinch herself. She sported a grin that wouldn’t quit. Dinner at Fiorello’s with dessert in the bedroom. Her heart thudded against her chest, loudly in her ears, and her breathing was a bit shallow.
Trent opened the door for her and took her hand as they strolled to the restaurant. Jory tried to focus on food, but her appetite had traveled lower in her body. Trent ordered wine. They munched on breadsticks while they picked out main courses. He ordered lasagna and she, ravioli.
He sat back, smiling at her, and lifted his glass.
“What are you staring at? Is something showing?” Jory checked her bra straps.
“Just looking at my beautiful lady.”
“Where?” Jory pretended to look to her left then her right.
“Stop it. Your chestnut hair is an incredible blend of brown and red. Your face is perfect. And your body? Well, hell, I can hardly keep my hands off you,” he said, reducing the last part to a whisper as he leaned closer.
A blush of pleasure stole into her cheeks. She slid her fingers under his, and he tightened around them. The waiter brought their wine and a small plate of antipasti.
“We didn’t order this,” Trent said.
“I know, but the chef loves lovers. So, he sent this over with his compliments. Amore, eh?” The man winked at Trent, which caused the Marine to blush and laugh.
As they picked at the plate loaded with tidbits of sausage, cheese, pimento, and other Italian delights, Jory cleared her throat. “We don’t know each other very well.”
“Oh?”
“I think we should have a round robin. I’ll ask a question, then you answer, then you ask and I’ll answer.”
“Suits me. Ladies first.”
“Here goes. Your favorite color?”
“Blue. Yours?”
“Pink. Your favorite car?”
“Maserati. Yours?”
“Rav 4.”
“My turn. Your favorite song,”
“‘Too Late for Goodbyes,’” she said.
“Mine too!”
The server arrived with their food.
“One more,” he said. “Your most embarrassing moment.”
“So many, it’s hard to choose,” she said, grinning.
Conversation took second place to food as they traded stories around bites of tender, homemade pasta. Jory confided in him, embarrassing herself several times. They finished their wine, their food, and nursed cups of coffee, still talking.
At nine, they were given the bill, which Trent paid, and politely ushered out into the cool, June air. When she shivered, Trent wrapped his jacket around her shoulders. They laced fingers and took their time getting back to Jory’s apartment. She gazed at the stars and made a wish.
“Have people always compared you to Amber?” Trent asked, pulling her closer.
“Not my parents. They never did. But everyone else seems to.”
“Nan?”
“Oh, no. She never would. But I’d hear phrases like, ‘never mistake you for twins’, and ‘Amber’s the pretty one, Jory’s the smart one.’ Stuff like that.”
“Ouch! Did people actually say that?” His brows rose.
She nodded.
“Bet that hurt.” He slipped his arm around her shoulders.
“After a while, I got over it. Began to enjoy being the smart one.” She cuddled into him.
“I think you’re smart and pretty.” He leaned down and kissed her hair.
“Thank you.” The scent of his freshly ironed shirt teased her nose. Ripping it from his body crossed her mind. She hugged him around the waist, ignoring the tingle caused by coming up against his firm muscle.
He squeezed her once, hard, before releasing her to unlock her door.
Once inside, the two lovers attacked each other. Trent grabbed her, clasping her to his chest as his hungry mouth found hers. Up on tiptoes, Jory braced herself with her hands on his shoulder and opened for him. Their kiss, hot to start, grew hotter. He hitched her shift up, dipping his fingers under the hem to squeeze her flesh. She fumbled with his buttons, opening them as fast as she could.
He shucked his shirt, letting it slip to the floor, before yanking her dress up and off. She took his hand and almost ran to the bedroom. While he removed his pants, she pulled down the covers.
“Are you?”
“No.”
He pulled out two condoms and put them on the nightstand. Jory reached around behind to undo her bra when a big hand stopped her.
“Let me do that. Please.”
Shyness washed over her as she realized, though they had made love before, and he had touched her, he’d never seen her naked.
“You’re blushing. Are you embarrassed? We’ve already done the deed,” he said, flipping open the hooks.
“But you’ve never seen me…uh, undressed.”
“Oh! That’s right! Well, let me take a good look,” he said, laughing.
Jory giggled, but covered her chest with her arms.
“Come, come, don’t be shy with me.” He shed his pants and boxers and lay down on the bed, beckoning her to join him.
Undressed, he was magnificent. Jory hadn’t seen all of him, either, between the bandages and the cast. Her mouth hung open.
“You’re gorgeous.”
“Men aren’t gorgeous. Women are. Come over here, beautiful creature. Let me see you, Jory, honey. Don’t be shy. I love you.”
His soft words melted her fear. She dropped her arms and climbed up on the mattress next to him.
“Now, the panties.”
She slipped them off and tossed them on a chair.
“God, you’re gorgeous,” he whispered.
Before she could face him, a warm hand slid down her side and gripped her hip. She folded her legs up underneath and rolled onto her back. Propped up on his elbow, he feasted his eyes on her.
“You’re amazing,” he said, caressing her neck and shoulder before dipping his head to taste her. “These are perfect.” He closed his fingers around her breast. She pushed her fingertips into his back muscles a bit, feeling the power of his body.
Peeking over his shoulder, she spied his butt. That had not been visible in the hospital. It was perfect and begged her to give it a squeeze. But he was too tall for her to reach. She inched down, but still couldn’t touch it. He raised his head and shot her a quizzical look.
“Your butt. I want to squeeze it.”
He laughed and moved up until she managed to satisfy her heart’s desire. Trent’s big hands rested on her thigh. A slight pressure parted her legs a bit, and he glided his fingers up slowly, until his thumb came to rest on her center. She gave a little squeak.
He grinned. “Let’s make up for lost time.” He stroked her while his hard shaft bumped her thigh. She touched it, sliding her hand up and down. He grabbed her wrist.
“Stop, or I’ll come.”
She removed her hand and raised her gaze. His eyes had darkened with desire. He kissed her then trailed his lips down her neck, making her shiver. Trent eased one of his fingers into her. Her eyes drifted shut as the pleasurable ache inside her grew.
“Is that good?” he whispered, his tongue on the shell of her ear.
“Oh my God,” she uttered, her vocabulary having gone south.
His knowing chuckle made her smile. Trent withdrew his hand, parted her knees and knelt between them. He gripped her face between his hands then smoothed them down over her skin, past her collarbone, and stopped at her breasts. After a light massage, his fingers continued downward until his thumbs rested on her sex.
“God, Trent. Do it. Take me. I’m dying here.”
“I’m not going to rush.”
“Please!” She arched her back, pressing herself harder into his hands. When she heard the quiet rip of the foil, she opened to watch him cover himself. She laid her head back on the pillow, confident satisfaction would soon be hers, when she felt the swipe of his tongue on her hot flesh. Heat zinged through her as tension coiled between her legs.
Her temperature spiked as desire flamed in her core. In a flash, he had mounted and entered her. He kissed her roughly as his hips moved. Jory raised her knees, and he filled her completely. She fastened her mouth on the soft part of his shoulder and moaned into his skin.
“Oh, Jory, baby, baby, baby,” he muttered with each thrust.
Every inch of Jory’s body sizzled as if her toe was jammed into a light socket. Flames of desire licked her insides, growing, spiraling until they consumed her. Her muscles tightened as he pumped into her, muttering endearments in her ear. Her eyes drifted shut. Magenta flashed across her eyelids as an incredibly intense orgasm ripped through her. Her hips undulated as she cried out his name.
Then, pleasure flowed into every cell in her body, stretching down to her toes, like the waters of a river in midsummer. She slid her hands under her knees to keep them in position while Trent continued to move. Sweat dripped down from his chest to hers.
He groaned her name and trembled for a moment then stopped. She peered up at him. His eyes were closed, his face muscles at ease. She studied the strong line of his jaw and the straight slant of his nose, his lips, so close to hers. Removing her hand from her knee, she palmed his smooth cheek. He blinked and smiled down at her.
“Awesome.” He eased back on his haunches, pulling out of her. His hands rested on her knees, closing them. He placed a kiss on each before sliding his palms down the outside of her thighs to rest on her hips.
Before she found her voice, Trent pushed up from the bed and headed for the bathroom. She stretched her arms all the way up and her legs down. A sigh of satisfaction and a grin greeted the Marine when he padded across the room.
The bed dipped, signaling his return. She rolled on her side. He faced her, stroking her hair.
“It’s late.” He sat up.
“Stay.” She tugged gently on his wrist.
“The night?” He raised his eyebrows.
“Yes. The night. The weekend.”
He grinned. “You twisted my arm.”
They snuggled together. Jory snaked her arm around his waist and rested her head on his shoulder. Trent pulled up the covers and switched out the lamp.
“Come here. Closer,” he said.
She cuddled into his embrace.
“Don’t ever leave me,” she whispered.
“I won’t.” He kissed her hair.
“Promise?”
“Promise,” he replied.
For the first time, Jory thought maybe dreams could come true.

****

Jory’s fairytale unfolded that weekend. The lovers prepared meals together, fed the birds, walked in the woods, watched movies, and made love. Time stood still for the young woman. From their “stupid joke” contest while they chopped salad, to sharing childhood memories, to the heat of their passion between the sheets, the lovers existed in their own world.
The apartment ceased to be a prison, a lonely place of banishment. It warmed into a home, tinged with love and laughter. Trent fit into her life like the last bit of a thousand-piece puzzle. When he had to leave on Sunday, Jory hopped in her car and headed for Pine Grove.
Hanging with Nan and Amber, making a big Sunday night dinner, was far better than sitting alone and moping. Nan wasn’t home when Jory arrived, so she stretched out on the sofa to read. Before long, she was asleep with Pookie curled up behind her knees.
The creaking of the hinges on the front door woke them. The cat stretched, jumped down, and scampered away. Jory pushed to a sitting position, yawned, and then smiled at Nan.
“Where were you?”
“Dan and I went shopping. There were a couple of garage sales I couldn’t pass up too.” Her aunt put down her shopping bag.
“I made tea, but I’m sure it’s cold by now.”
“We can reheat it. What’s up?”
Jory followed Nan into the kitchen. The women got busy setting up the beverage. Nan pulled a confection out of the fridge while Jory fetched plates.
“These are Laura’s scones. She’s got those tiny chocolate chips in them. If we heat them just a little bit in the microwave, the chips melt.”
Nan narrowed her eyes as she stared at her niece. “You look like the cat who swallowed the canary. What happened Friday?”
Jory grinned and felt color seep into her cheeks. “He stayed the weekend.”
“Yippee! I knew it. I knew it.” Nan danced a little jig.
The younger woman chuckled. “How did you know?”
She shrugged. “Just did. Already told Dan to dust off his tuxedo for the wedding.”
“What wedding?”
“Yours and Trent’s,” the older woman said, beaming.
“Aren’t you jumping the gun, just a little bit?”
“It’ll happen. After what you two have been through, I have no doubts you’ll survive whatever life throws at you.”
Jory pulled out her chair and sat down. “You know, that’s a good point. Hadn’t thought of that. We’ve been through a whole lot of crap already.”
“And Trent is still knocking on your door.” Nan broke off a piece of scone. “Makes me feel real comfortable about handing you over to him.”
Jory laughed. “You’re such a romantic! We’ve just started dating.”
Nan made a face and waved her hand. “You two belong together.”
“So, you’re predicting marriage from such an unpredictable love?”
“I am.”
“Where’s Amber? I want to tell her Trent and I are back together.”
“She’s not here?”
“Nope. Place was when empty when I arrived.”
The women pushed up from the table and climbed the stairs to Amber’s room. Jory cringed when opening the door, expecting a horrendous mess. But the place was as neat as a military barracks. The bed was made and everything else was put in place. The rug had been vacuumed, the old, well-loved stuffed animals were huddled together on the bed by the pillows. There was an envelope on the coverlet, addressed to both ladies.
Nan opened it, scanned it, and then handed it to Jory.

Dear Aunt Nan and Jory,
It looks like Jory is going to be reunited with Trent. It’s almost the best news I could have received. What’s better? Troy being offered a job as manager of one of his company’s stores in Florida. He’s asked me to marry him and move to Orlando. I jumped at it. Pine Grove is a little too small for me. Okay, a lot too small. I love Troy. He’s good to me, and I’m excited about the move.
By the time you read this, we will have been hitched down at City Hall. I know I used to dream about a huge wedding, but face it—we just don’t have the money. And that’s okay.
Besides, I figure Nan can do that for Jory and Trent. We’ll come up for it. I’d better be the maid of honor! I hope you’re not hurt by this. I figured I’d take this chance while it was here. Besides, it’s time Jory got to lead her own life without worrying about me.
I’m all grown up now. Time for me to leave home. I love you both so much, you can’t imagine. You’re my family and will be forever. But we all have to take our own paths, as Nan once said. And mine is taking me south. I hope you understand. You two are the best things that have ever happened to me, next to Troy. Take care.
Love,
Amber
P.S. Thanks for teaching me how to make your beef stew and mac and cheese, Aunt Nan. Troy thinks I’m an amazing cook! Won’t he be surprised?
P.P.S. I’ll text you my address as soon as I get one. Lol!

Stunned into silence, the two women faced each other.
“Are you kidding?” Jory said, when she caught her breath.
“She’s right, you know.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re not going to have time to ride herd on her. You’re going to have your own life, a husband, kids, a career.”
“I’ll always have time for Cookie.” Jory’s eyes watered.
Nan hugged her. “Kitten, face it. She had to leave the nest sometime. Troy seems to be a pretty good guy. Best she’s ever gone out with.”
“That’s not saying much.”
Nan smiled. “I like him. Like the way he treats her. And since he’s getting this promotion, well, he’s pretty smart and a hard worker.”
“Just the opposite of my sister.”
“Now, now. Don’t be mean.”
“I can’t believe she just snuck off and did this.”
“Took a lot of guts. I’m proud of her. Yep. She’s finding her own path and making tracks. Gotta give her credit.”
Jory burst into tears.
“Come, come, Kitten. She’s not leaving the planet. You’ll see her. We can all go to Florida, and she’ll come home for Christmas.”
“I suppose. But now that I’m living in Oak Bend, you’ll be alone.”
“Me? Never. Dan can spend the night, for a change,” Nan said, wiggling her eyebrows. “And I have Pookie.”
The cat meowed, right on cue.
“Stop trying to find excuses. Reach for the brass ring, honey. It’s your turn.”




Chapter Ten



The following Friday night, Jory put napkins under the forks on her small dining table. She’d moved it to the window, where she and Trent could watch the birds at the feeder. They had found her at her new address and brought friends. Goldfinches, chickadees, nuthatches, juncos, titmice, and the occasional Hairy Woodpecker vied for perch space.
She opened the window for fresh air then stirred the stew. Aunt Nan’s recipe was guaranteed to win hearts. Her late husband, Ben, had once remarked that it was her stew that had prompted him to pop the question.
She’d commissioned Laura Daily to bake a luscious carrot cake for dessert. Jory had taken time for a long, luxurious bath. She had soaked in bath salts then applied her special perfume that had first snagged his attention. She slipped on a cotton, jersey dress in aqua and sandals.
She flipped on the radio as Julian Lennon’s song came on. Yes, she agreed with him, it was much too late for goodbyes. Her thoughts turned to Amber. As far as Jory was concerned, it was too late for goodbye with her sister too. The journalist wandered to the sliding glass door that led to the deck and stood, staring at her feathered friends.
Sure, Amber had been a nuisance—plenty of times. But she had also been Jory’s reason to get out of bed. After their parents had died, Jory had wanted to hide, disappear under the covers, and never come out. But she had had Amber to care for. Her sister had been the motivation for the seventeen-year-old to pull herself together. It hadn’t been easy, but she’d done it.
She had cared for Amber, made her lunch for school, walked her to the bus stop, picked her up. She had bought her clothes, took her to the doctor and dentist, become her substitute mother, until they moved in with Nan, a year after they were orphaned. Jory didn’t complain, but she could be heard carrying on about some stupid thing Amber had done. She had wanted her sister to be better, be perfect, or at least get close, and got disgusted when the girl proved to be a mere mortal.
Still, Amber and Jory were a team. The Walker girls faced the world together. The sudden departure of her sister left Jory bereft. A slight chill in the air sent a shiver up her spine. She hadn’t been lonely in years, so she wasn’t used to the feeling. It surrounded her like a coat of ice. She’d had a life, and now, she had none. Of course, Amber would say Jory had had no life. Maybe she was right, but it had been enough.
Restlessness invaded her heart. She wanted to know her future, where she’d go and what she’d do. Should she stay in the apartment and be the managing editor at the paper for the next twenty years? She needed a new beginning, like Amber. Maybe Trent could be a part of that. Every night, she prayed he’d keep his word and be with her forever.
Questions filled Jory’s head, yet the answers eluded her. She listened to their song, deciding she’d had enough of “goodbye” and was ready for “hello” in her life. Returning to her tiny kitchen, she salted the water for the noodles and waited for it to boil.
The doorbell rang. She sucked in air when she opened the door. Trent had never looked more handsome in snug jeans, a white button-down shirt, and a khaki sports jacket. He smelled divine and held a huge bouquet of wild flowers, a package, and a bottle.
“Wow. You look beautiful,” he said, stepping inside. “Here, these are for you.”
She led him into the kitchen. “The flowers are gorgeous. Thank you,” she said, searching her cupboard for a vase.
“They remind me of you. Different kinds of beauty mixed together. Wild.”
She faced him. “That’s the sweetest thing.” She kissed him. He drew her closer for a more passionate one. She leaned into him, lingering to savor the fresh smell of his newly ironed shirt, which she now associated with him, and the taste of Trent.
A distant sound of bubbles alerted her that the water was boiling. She eased away and returned to the stove. After putting in the noodles and directing him to open the bottle of merlot he’d brought, she took down two wine glasses.
Trent filled them then raised his for a toast. “No more goodbyes.”
She nodded and sipped. “Delicious.”
“Nothing but the best for you.”
“Let’s sit by the window. Bet the finches are there.”
He set up two chairs by the glass, next to the dinner table.
“Let’s see who you have here.” He sat next to her, slipping an arm around her shoulders. “Look at that. Your chickadee is chasing off the junco,” he remarked, pointing.
“Why that aggressive little so-and-so.”
She wasn’t surprised to hear him rattle off the names of the birds feeding on her dime. They inched closer as they watched the avian antics and chuckled at the little creatures. Trent took her hand in his. She wasn’t aware of it until the timer went off, signaling dinner was ready.
As she pulled away, he kissed the back of her hand. If things weren’t about to boil over on the stove, Jory could have lost herself in his gorgeous eyes, passionate pools with flecks of green.
Conversation centered around the food. Trent ate well, exclaiming how delicious it was. Jory smiled. The proof was in the eating, as Laura Dailey always said. And Trent wolfed down a share and a half.
When Jory mentioned she’d gotten the carrot cake from Laura, Trent asked about the Daileys. The journalist filled him in on the important personages in Pine Grove. Fortunately, there weren’t too many.
“We’ve talked about everything but us. I don’t like talking in circles. I want to know about you. What do you want? Where are you going?” She rested her elbows on the table.
“Those are big questions,” he responded.
“And I expect big answers,” she teased, grinning.
“You first,” he said, kicking the conversation back to her.
“I want to recreate the family I lost.”
“Your parents?” He probed.
“Used to be them. Amber’s run off to Florida, I don’t live with Nan anymore. I’m totally alone. I’ve never been by myself. It’s strange.”
“You want a family to make up for what you’re lacking?”
“I want some noise in the house. I want laughter, want hugs. I want happiness around me.”
“How do you plan to do that?” He leaned back in his chair.
“By marrying a man who loves me and having a couple of kids?”
He nodded. “Got anyone in mind?”
Jory looked away.
“I might know someone,” he piped up.
“Oh?” Her eyes widened.
“I’m not exactly a perfect specimen anymore. Not that I was ever perfect, but at least I was physically. With my medical discharge, my military career is over. I don’t have much to offer. I’m only working freelance. Though I’m hoping to turn that into permanent. I can’t do the hundred yard dash. I’m bad tempered, hard to live with…”
“Are you trying to turn me off?”
He grinned. “Just being honest. I don’t want to paint a picture of a future with me as a bed of roses, ’cause it won’t be. Any girl who ends up with me, well…” his voice tapered off.
“Are you looking for someone to ‘end up with’?” She cocked an eyebrow at him.
“Men are always looking.”
“But not for permanent. Just for the night. Usually.”
“Some, yeah. That’s true. Never known one to turn down a free night with a pretty girl.”
“And you?”
He blushed redder than she’d ever seen. “Let’s not go there. The military. Well, you know.”
“I don’t. I don’t think I want to.” She dropped her gaze to her hands.
There was silence. Having finished his cake, he toyed with his fork. She picked at the corner of her napkin.
“I wasn’t looking for anyone. Just going day to day. Then, you came along and changed everything.”
Her head snapped up. “I did?”
“Yeah. You were more, someone I could talk to. You got me. Before I got messed up.”
“I didn’t get you in the hospital?”
“You did, you did. But I mean, before. I didn’t expect it. I expected just what Amber said. A couple of short letters and a polite brush-off. You didn’t do that.” Trent slipped his hand over hers. “I don’t want to lose you. If you’re willing to take a chance on a broken down guy like me, I’ll give it everything I’ve got.”
She listened, searching for a reply, when she cast her gaze on the sideboard. A wrapped package caught her eye. “What’s that?”
“What?” He turned. “Oh, that. It’s for you. Can’t believe I forgot to give it to you.” He pushed up from the table and snatched up the gift then handed it to her.
Jory unwrapped it. Inside was a used book. The dust jacket was torn in a couple of places. She read the title. World So Wide by Sinclair Lewis.
“Oh my God. World So Wide! Where did you find this?”
“At a garage sale. Can’t get it new anymore. It’s not in eBook, either.”
“You remembered?”
He nodded. “You said it was the only Sinclair Lewis book you’d never read. It’s hard to find. But I managed to run across it hawking books at a few garage sales.”
“I can’t believe you remembered.” She shook her head slowly as she thumbed through the book. Emotion tumbled through her.
“I remember everything you ever said or wrote me.” His smile eased, his brows knitted.
In an instant, Jory was out of her seat and in his arms, sobbing.
“Don’t cry, honey. Be happy.” He stroked her hair. “I love you, Jory. You took a chance on me before. Please, do it again.”
“What do you mean?”
“Let me make your dreams come true,” he whispered. “Last week, you asked me to never leave you. I won’t. I can’t. Marry me. I need you. We’ll be together forever.”
She stepped back to gaze at him.
Trent dropped to one knee and pulled out a small box. “This is my mother’s ring. If you don’t like it, we’ll buy a new one together.” He opened it to reveal a modest, round diamond in an antique, white gold setting.
“It’s beautiful.”
“Jory Walker, I love you. Marry me. I promise to do everything in my power to give you a good life, to take care of you. To be a faithful, loving husband and stay with you forever.”
Warmth surrounded her heart. “I love you too. Yes, I will marry you.”
He stood up and slipped the ring on her finger. She tilted her chin up, and he lowered his mouth to hers. Love filled her heart. She touched his face, and he swooped her up in his arms and carried her into the bedroom, kicking the door shut behind him.
Saturday morning, the sound of birds fighting at the feeder woke Jory. She yawned and stretched her arms. A smile lit up her face as she rolled on her side to study the naked back of her lover. She had had the best night’s sleep in months, maybe years. Trent had made love to her three times, and though she’d expected to be exhausted, energy bounded through her veins.
Regardless of his leg surgery, the man was in great shape, as evidenced by his stamina and abilities the night before. His enthusiasm for her body had taken her places she hadn’t been before. Well, maybe once or twice before, with him. Basking in the afterglow, she gazed at the small ring on her finger then out the window, watching the chickadees aggressively intimidating the goldfinches, hoping to chase the iridescent yellow creatures away.
A deep voice startled her. “Good morning, beautiful,” he said, in a lazy drawl.
She rolled over, pulling the sheet up over her chest.
Trent leaned on his elbows, hovering over her. “Hey, you’re spoiling the view,” he said, easing the covering down.
Embarrassment warmed her face. He bent to kiss her breasts before she could hide them. His tender touch excited her and soothed at the same time. Trent would soon be her husband, no reason to be self-conscious in front of him, she told herself, but old habits die hard.
“Shy?” he asked.
She nodded. “A little.”
He chuckled. “That’s cute.”
“Cute?”
“Yeah. That you’re shy in front of me. It’s real cute.” He raised his lips to hers. “Just can’t resist you.”
“You didn’t get enough last night?”
“Honey, it’s gonna take a lifetime to get enough of you,” he murmured.
They made love in the cool air of the June morning. After, they lay in each other’s arms.
“Jory,” he said, as his breathing slowed to normal. “Didn’t you say something about pancakes?”
She burst out laughing, slipped out from under him, and threw open the covers. “Coming right up.”
He slapped her butt playfully as she pushed out of bed.

****

Sunday afternoon, Jory drove to Pine Grove to meet her aunt for lunch and make a wedding list. Nan had omelets waiting.
“Okay, I’ve started a list. Here’s what we need to do. Get dresses for you, Amber, and me. Make a guest list, send out invitations, get a caterer, decide on flowers, pick a minister…”
“Whoa! Slow down.”
“When do you want to get married?”
“Hmm. It’s June now. How about September 15th? It’s still nice out then.”
“That’s not much time.”
“But we’ll have a very small guest list, right?”
“Your dress will take time.”
“Where does one buy a wedding dress?”
“I think we could hire Hattie Carter to make one for you. What do you think?”
“Great idea! I know just what I want.”
Jory put up a second pot of coffee as the women conferred. The small guest list, which started at ten, quickly rose to fifty.
“And she’s absolutely the last person on the list,” Jory said, crossing her arms.
“What about Archie and Marla?”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“Yep. He’s a lowlife.”
“Sure is. And easy to forget, too.”
“Let’s split the tasks up, things’ll go faster that way.”
“Okay. I’ll talk to Laura,” Jory volunteered.
“She’ll have good ideas about what to serve.”
“Right.”
“I’m excited,” Nan said, her eyes glowing.
“I wish Amber was here,” Jory said, emotion constricting her throat.
“She’ll be here for the wedding. According to her last email, she and Troy are doing fine.”
“I know. I’m glad she’s happy, but I miss the little doofus.”
Nan chuckled. “So do I. She’s going to come for a week before the wedding. That should give her plenty of time to mess up a couple of things.”
“Yeah, then I won’t miss her so much when she goes back.”
Jory stopped off at Laura Dailey’s house on her way back to Oak Bend.
“You want me to cater a wedding for fifty?”
“We inviting fifty, Laura. I bet they don’t all come.”
“Really? To your wedding? People will be fighting for an invitation. We should plan for at least sixty.”
“What can we serve?” Jory asked.
“Hmm. Chicken marsala works real well with a large crowd. Easy to serve and eat too.”
Laura went on to mention several other dishes and had Jory’s mouth watering before the young woman climbed back into her car and headed for Route 55.
Nan had piled half a dozen bridal magazines in the backseat. The bride had strict instructions to go through all of them and pick a design so Hattie could get started. She arrived home in the late afternoon. After mixing a vodka and tonic, she took three magazines and went out on the deck to watch the birds.
Her cell rang. It was Trent.
“Whatcha doin’?”
“Looking through bridal magazines.”
“Picked a date yet?”
“September 15th. Can you make it?”
He laughed. “You’re kidding, right? I’ll be there, baby, tux and all.”
“Nan’s telling Dan, and he can get you the right duds.”
“Got good news today.”
“Oh? What?”
“Armstrong and Lee Advertising offered me a full-time job.”
“Oh my God! Really? That’s fabulous, Trent. Wonderful news.”
“So, I’m moving to Oak Bend.”
“Perfect!”
“I’ve been working out of Dan’s place.”
“So, you’ll be moving in with me, right?”
“If that’s okay. Or we could get a new place.”
“No, no. You move in here. The birds are already set up. I’ll clean out a couple of drawers and buy a few hangers.”
“Don’t clean out too many. I don’t have much.”
“You’ll need some new clothes if you’re going to go to work every day.”
“Probably. Can I take you shopping with me?”
“I’d love it. When do you start? When do you want to move in?”
They chatted for an hour. Jory couldn’t stop smiling. Trent had been spending weekends at her place, but she missed him terribly during the week. Now, they’d be together all the time. Her heart sang. Luck was breaking her way.
Jory sat back and watched the chickadees and juncos as they pecked away at the seed in the feeders. She’d never imagined she’d have the life she’d always pictured. After her folks had passed, getting from week to week had been a struggle.
She sighed, melancholy mixing with happiness. She wished her parents could have been there to see her get married. She knew she’d cry at not having her father give her away. But Nan would have to do. She rubbed her eyes and turned her thoughts to the good things happening. She opened another magazine, took a sip of her drink, and thumbed through the pictures of gorgeous, white gowns, each one more stunning than the previous one.
Before she had gotten through three magazines, her cell started to ding with text messages. George Hanson at the feed store—hope I’m on your wedding list. Essie Parker, her high school teacher—I know I only had you for one year, but coming to your wedding would mean a lot. Homer Thompson, owner of Homer’s Restaurant—if you have your wedding here, I’ll give you a discount, especially if you invite me.
Wondering how everybody had gotten her number, she guessed they must have passed it around. She shook her head and smiled.
Jory picked up her phone.
“Nan? Remember the guest list? We’d better make it seventy-five.”




Chapter Eleven



September 13, two days before the wedding

Amber slipped out of the house early, with Troy. They got behind the wheel of his car.
“Where to, baby?”
“Oak Bend.”
He headed for Route 55. Amber’s nerves kicked up. She chewed a nail as she stared out the window. Opening her purse, she checked her wallet for the twentieth time. Yes, the five hundred dollars in cash was still there.
Ever since she’d gotten word that Jory was getting married, Amber had started to save her money. Troy had come upon her stash and questioned her about it.
“You’re not buying drugs, are you?”
“Of course not.”
“Not selling them, either?”
“Troy! Don’t be ridiculous. I need five-hundred dollars before Jory’s wedding.”
He had pushed her for an explanation, and she couldn’t hold out on him. She had done a bad thing—a very bad thing, she explained. It had been years ago. When her parents were killed, the coroner had turned over their mother’s wedding band. Her aunt had put it away for safekeeping. Amber knew she had intended for Jory to have the band on her wedding day.
Amber began to sweat. She didn’t remember why she needed money that day so long ago, maybe to go away with her friends on a forbidden weekend trip? Of course, Amber had not learned to save. After all, she had only been eighteen. She’d searched the house, turned Nan’s room upside down, until she’d found the ring, tucked away in the attic.
She had hitched a ride with a friend. They had gone to the pawnshop in Oak Bend where Amber had pawned her mother’s wedding band for two-hundred and fifty dollars. She remembered feeling a little guilty at the time, but wiped it away by declaring no one should make a girl like her stay cooped up in a small town every weekend.
Her other justification had been that Jory was lightyears away from getting married anyway. The ring was just sitting in a box in another box, gathering dust. Why shouldn’t she use it? Why should Jory get everything? Recklessly, she had snatched the ring from its hiding place and turned it into cash.
After she had realized what she’d done, shame filled her. Driven by guilt, she’d been back a couple of times to check on the piece of jewelry. There it stood, proudly in the window. Amber had panicked when she’d first seen it there. What if the Florentine engraving caught someone’s eye? She had entered the store and, using major flirting, persuaded the owner to put it in a cabinet inside.
Every year, she’d returned, and it was still there. Now, she had saved up the money. She was going to offer the man up to twice what he’d originally given her to get the ring back. As Troy drove, she uttered silent prayers that it would still be there.
If the owner refused to sell, she’d convince Troy to scare him into complying. She had to have that band back. Jory deserved it. Their mother would have wanted it that way. Her stomach knotted as they drew nearer to the small town of five thousand that dwarfed tiny Pine Grove.
“Are you sure this place’s still there?” Troy asked, stopping for a red light.
“It had better be.”
“Is this a wild goose chase?” He looked at her through narrowed eyes.
“No, no. I swear. I called. The store is still there, or was before we left Orlando.”
“Okay, just checking.” When the light turned green, he depressed the gas pedal.
Amber was grateful her husband was such a good driver. No way could she be calm enough to man the wheel today. Her pulse thudded in her ear as they approached Main Street. There were only a couple of days left ’til the wedding. She had to get that ring today.
She directed him to a parking space near the store. She fairly ran up the block. There was a “Be back in ten minutes” sign hanging on the door.
“Shit! It’s closed.”
“It’ll be open in ten minutes. Let’s go across the street for coffee, baby.” Troy took her arm and escorted her.
Amber sat in a booth by the window. She ordered coffee, but barely touched it, keeping her eyes glued to the window.
“What would happen if you didn’t get the ring?” Troy sat back, savoring his beverage.
“Don’t say that.”
“No, I mean it. Really. Would Jory not get married? Would the world stop revolving on its axis? Would we all blow up and die?”
“You don’t get it. I stole something. I’m a thief. And it’s my dead mother’s ring. And it’s supposed to go to my sister. My sister who did everything for me. Who put her life on hold at seventeen and took my mom’s place. And did that for fifteen years. I’ll go straight to Hell for this, and Jory’ll hate me. She’ll know I’m just a selfish baby with no morals.”
“I doubt all that’s true.”
“Yeah? Well, what if you’re wrong? She’s the only family I have.”
“What about Nan?”
“She’ll hate me too.”
“No one’s going to hate you, Amber. From what I’ve heard from Jory, you’ve done some pretty crazy things in your life, and she still seems to care about you.”
“But nothing this bad. Nothing directed at her.” Tears welled in Amber’s eyes. “What was I thinking? I’d never do anything to hurt Jory. If I can’t fix it, she’ll never forgive me.”
“Yes, she will. You’re being melodramatic.”
“I don’t expect you to understand. You have a normal family.”
He laughed. “If any family can ever be called normal.”
Amber jumped. “Look! There he is.”
“The pawn shop guy?”
“Get the check. Let’s go.”
Amber was out of the booth before Troy could answer. He chuckled, shook his head, and smiled at her. She couldn’t stand still, waiting for traffic to slow to cross Main Street. She danced in place, whispering a mantra, “Please let it be there, please let it be there, please let it be there.”
Two cars with young men behind the wheels stopped to let her pass. They ogled her body as she walked. One was even bold enough to whistle. Troy, right behind, scowling, raised his fist.
“Guys are pigs,” he muttered, accompanying his wife.
She opened the door. “Hey, Mr. Groman, remember me?”
“You? Yes, yes, the young woman with the ring.”
“I’m back and ready to buy it. Where is it?”
Amber perused each case, anxiety growing in her belly when she didn’t find it.
“Oh, that ring? The one with the nice markings?”
“Yes, yes, that one. You know which one I mean. The wedding band.”
“Oh, that’s gone. That one’s been gone for a couple of weeks now.”
“What? No, no! You told me you wouldn’t sell it. You said you’d wait until I got the money. I’ve got twice what you gave me. I’ll give you five hundred bucks for it! Please, please, Mr. Groman, you’ve got to give me that ring.”
“I’m so sorry, my dear. Times are hard, you know. Someone offered me three hundred for it, and I took it. I need the money. Gotta pay my rent.”
“Who? Who? Did you get the person’s name?”
“You know I never ask for names.”
“Did they pay by credit card?”
“I only take cash, my dear.” The older gentleman patted her arm.
Amber collapsed, sobbing, against her husband’s chest. “No, please. I need that ring.”
The pawnbroker handed Troy a box of tissues.
The young man shrugged. “Thanks, Mr. Groman. We won’t bother you anymore.” He plucked a couple of tissues from the box, gave it back to the man, and, with his arm around his wife, steered her toward the door.
Once they were back in the car, Amber hid her face in her hands. Troy put the vehicle in gear and drove his distraught wife back to Pine Grove.
“No, keep going. We can’t go to the wedding.”
“What do you mean? You’re skipping out on your sister’s wedding?”
“That’s exactly what I mean. I can’t face her.”
“That’s a lousy thing to do. It’s only a Goddamn ring. Get over it. They will.”
“No, we’re going back to Orlando.” She crossed her arms over her chest.
Troy pulled over onto a side road and stopped. “This is the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever done, Amber.”
“You don’t understand.”
“You think I don’t? I did plenty of crazy stuff to my parents. Broke the window in my dad’s office with a BB gun I wasn’t supposed to have.”
“Really? You did that? I always thought you were such a goodie-goodie.”
“Me? Hah!” He laughed. “Dad had to pick me up at the police station plenty. First time when I was fourteen.”
Amber uncrossed her arms and faced her husband. “How come you never told me that before?”
“When you’re trying to impress a girl, you don’t tell her you were a juvenile delinquent.”
“I suppose not.” She took his hand.
“I know about messing up. People who love you forgive you.”
“I don’t know. This was…this was…especially bad.”
“I agree. You were a totally selfish, asshole pig. There, now do you feel better?”
“Thanks a lot!”
He stroked her arm. “Baby, you know I don’t mean it. I love you. But you messed up. Everyone does. Come on. You have to be at the wedding. Hell, you’re in the wedding. You’ll really hurt Jory if you don’t show up.”
“I guess.” She glanced at her hands.
“You know I’m right.” He leaned over to kiss her.
“Yeah. You are. You always are.”
“That’s why you married me,” Troy said, turning on the ignition.
“That and you’re sexy as hell,” she added.
He laughed as he pulled the car back onto Route 55, heading toward Pine Grove.

****

September 15th—The wedding day

Nan Edwards called to Dan MacMurray, her boyfriend. “I need a vodka and tonic, fast!”
“Why?”
She glared at him with hostile eyes. “No questions. Just get it and join me in the attic.”
She climbed the stairs and opened one of the tiny windows to get some fresh air. Pulling up the sheet protecting against dust, she sat on the old sofa that had belonged to the Walker family. After plopping down on an uncomfortable cushion, she wondered why she had been saving it. Neither girl needed it. “Memo to self. Call Salvation Army tomorrow and get this hauled out of here.”
The sound of footsteps announced Dan’s arrival. He held a drink in each hand.
“One for me, and one for you?”
“I was thinking you might need more than one,” Dan replied.
“Good Lord, why?” She took a beverage from him.
“Well,” he began.
Nan held up her palm. “Wait.” She took a gulp. “Okay, go ahead.”
“The flower guy is here. I told him you ordered pink, but he swears you ordered white. I showed him the receipt you gave me.”
“Shit! What an idiot! Doesn’t even read his own orders. Nothing we can do now.”
“Right. Want me to handle it?”
“That would be great. You know where they’re supposed to go? Jory’s around. She can help you.” She took his face in her hands and kissed him. “What would I do without you?”
He grinned. “I have no idea.”
“Oh, by the way, would you please send Amber up?”
“Do you want this drink too, or should I take it back?”
“No, leave it here. I think Amber might want it. Thank you, Dan, dear. You’ve been a lifesaver.”
Nan pushed to her feet and removed the rest of the sheet. She put it on the floor and out of the way then she went to the window and took a deep breath. A lighter step on the wood stairs indicated a woman approached. Amber entered. She was pale, and her eyes darted around.
“Sit down, Amber, dear. I think we have something to discuss.”
The usually loquacious young woman quickly took a seat on the sofa without uttering a word.
“You can have that drink if you want,” Nan said, before raising her glass to her lips.
The young woman picked up the vodka and took one swig, then another.
“Nervous?”
She shook her head, stopped, then nodded. “Sure. My big sister is getting married.”
“That all?” Nan cocked an eyebrow at the trembling beauty then eased down on the couch.
“Of course.”
Even a cat stops playing with its prey at some point and goes in for the kill. “I know what you did.”
Amber turned frightened eyes to her aunt. “You’re not going to tell Jory, are you?”
Nan shook her head once, slowly. “Of course not.”
“Thank you. Thank you so much, Nan. Thank you.” Amber took the older woman’s hand in both of hers. “We’ll make something up.”
“We don’t have to lie. I have the ring right here.” Nan fished the small, gold band out of a tiny pocket in her pink, silk jacket. She held it in her palm.
Amber’s eyes got wide, and her mouth fell open. “Where’d you get that?”
“A little pawnshop in Oak Bend.”
“You’re the one who bought it?”
“I bought it the day after you pawned it.”
“How’d you know?”
“Where else would you get the money for that trip?”
“Huh.” Amber nodded. “But it was in the store. For years.”
“That’s right. I bought it and asked the man to keep it in the case but not sell it to anyone.”
“Why’d you do that?”
“So, if you checked on it, you’d see it was there.”
“Why?”
“Keep you calm.”
“I’m so sorry, Nan. I was selfish and stupid.”
The older woman patted her arm. “No worries. We’ve got it back. I wanted you to know that I knew.”
“You scared me to death. Troy and I went over there to buy it back. I’d saved up five hundred bucks, and the ring was gone. I almost had a heart attack.”
“Hmm, unpredictable love for your sister. Five hundred? Impressive. You’ve made amends. Let’s forget it.”
“Here,” Amber said, offering the wad of bills to her aunt.
Nan patted the money. “You keep it, Cookie. Put it in the bank. Save it for a rainy day.”
“Thank you. Still, I think I should tell Jory.”
“That’s up to you.” Nan raised her glass to finish the drink.
More footsteps alerted the women. Jory joined them. “Dan told me you were up here.”
Amber gulped down the rest of her beverage. “Jory, I have something to tell you. You’d better sit down.”
Nan squeezed the younger woman’s hand.
“Wait a sec. Nan, do you have the ring?” Jory asked.
“Right here,” the aunt said, patting her pocket.
“It’s about the ring, Jory,” Amber began.
Her sister gave her a quizzical look.
“When I was seventeen, I pawned it to get money to go on a stupid trip. I’m sorry. I never should have taken it,” Amber blurted out in one breath.
“But Nan says she’s got it.”
“She bought it back before I could. I’m sorry, so very sorry. I never should have done it. We could have lost it, and it would have been my fault.” Amber twisted a tissue in her hands.
“Since we have it, no harm, no foul,” Jory replied, stepping close to her sister.
“I’m such a selfish brat sometimes,” Amber said, as tears spilled onto her cheeks. “You deserve a better sister than me.”
Jory hugged her. “It’s okay, Cookie. I know you. I love you, and I wouldn’t trade you for anything or anyone.”
Amber rested her head on her sister’s shoulder.
“Is this what’s been bugging you?” Jory asked.
Amber nodded. “Troy said you wouldn’t be mad for long.”
“He’s a gem. I like him. And he’s right.”
“But it was mama’s, and it was meant for you. And you deserve it.”
“I know. But if it was gone, Trent and I would still get married.”
“But Mama…”
“Mama loved us both. She’s here with me. I can feel her. No ring, no object, can take her from my heart. So yeah, you shouldn’t have done it, but it’s okay. And if Nan hadn’t bought it back, we’d have the ceremony without it.”
“I saved five hundred bucks to get the ring back. But it was already gone.”
“Gave her quite a fright too.” Nan chuckled.
“Damn right. I almost had a heart attack.” Amber rested a hand on her hip.
Jory smiled. “Then, I guess you paid for your mistake, didn’t you?”
“Guess so.”
There were hugs all around and smiles too.
“I promise never to do something like that again.” Amber blinked at her sister.
“I know you won’t. You’re forgiven, Cookie. By the way, Troy is a keeper.”
“Isn’t he great?” Amber smiled. “I have the best sister, the best husband, and the best aunt in the world.”
“I think there’s a wedding happening soon. And this young lady needs to get dressed,” Nan said, heading for the stairs.
The women traipsed down the steps to Jory’s old room to prepare the bride for her big day.

****

Nerves made Jory pace in the pastor’s study in the Pine Grove Community church. Pastor Carlson had visited, and now, the bride waited for the guests to be seated. I’m doing the right thing, then why am I so nervous?
Her aunt entered the room carrying an open split of champagne and one glass. “I bet you could use some of this,” she said, pouring some into the flute.
“You’re a lifesaver. How did you know?” Jory took a healthy sip.
“I was a wreck when I married your uncle.”
“Ben? But you two were a match made in heaven.”
“Marriage is a big step. It makes people nervous. It’s supposed to.” Nan smiled.
The bride took a long slug of the bubbly. “I’m a wreck.”
“You don’t have any real doubts about Trent, do you?”
Jory stood still, cocked her head slightly, and paused. “No, I don’t. He’s the right guy.”
Nan blew out a breath. “Good. He’s a great guy. I think you’ve made a good choice.”
“Sure was weird how we started out. Can you imagine if someone asks how we met?”
They looked at each other and burst out laughing.
Amber slipped in and shut the door behind her. She was dressed in a dark rose colored, long dress. Nan wore a lighter color pink suit.
“You look beautiful, Jory,” her sister said.
Jory turned in front of the long mirror. “Not bad.”
The full-length gown was white brocade. It hugged her torso with a sweetheart, scalloped neckline and short sleeves. At the hip, the dress fell loose, allowing plenty of room to move. A white, taffeta slip swished as she walked.
Her chestnut locks were done in an elaborate do, pinned up, showing off her long neck. She wore white pearls borrowed from Nan and a blue garter supplied by Amber.
Three knocks on the door meant the guests were seated, and they were ready to begin. Amber picked up her white bouquet. A large bouquet of pink flowers on the Pastor’s desk awaited the bride. Nan was going to give Jory away.
Amber hugged her sister. “Break a leg,” she said, and then went out. Strains of Vivaldi’s Four Seasons drifted into the room. Jory took several deep breaths. The music stopped, and the two women headed for the door.
“Ready, sweetheart?” Nan cocked an eyebrow at her niece.
“Ready.”
The mellifluous notes of Mendelssohn’s Wedding March met Jory’s ears. She swallowed, linked her arm with Nan’s, and walked toward the aisle.
“Remember, don’t run,” Nan whispered. “Give everyone a chance to see how beautiful you are.”
Jory shot her aunt a grin before her gaze went to the altar. Her nerves were on high alert until she spied Trent. There he stood, shifting his weight, looking outrageously handsome in a black tuxedo. Relief flooded through her.
Their gazes met, and he smiled warmly, stepping a little closer. She looked briefly at the people in the packed church. The many familiar, grinning faces gave her courage. As she neared the front, Trent stepped forward and held out his hand.
“Who gives this woman in matrimony?” the pastor asked.
“Her mother, her father, and I do,” Nan said, her eyes full.
A sharp pain shot through Jory at the mention of her parents. Her eyes watered, but she blinked the tears back. Trent took her hand and supported her elbow too.
“Are you all right?” He moved closer, slipping an arm around her waist.
She leaned against him for a moment then took a deep breath. When she righted herself, she gripped his forearm. His brows knitted.
“It’s okay. I’m fine now,” she whispered. She hoped he would always be there to support her when she faltered.
They squared up in front of the clergyman. Amber moved closer and took Jory’s bouquet. The bride laced her fingers with Trent’s as the ceremony began. The touch of his fingers on hers soothed her. He looked down at her, his brow knitted. She smiled, and he returned it. Although she could have used a hug.
Jory held up her palm. “Pastor Carlson, could you stop for a moment?”
There was a buzz from the crowd as the reverend halted and looked up. “Of course, Jory.” He closed his book, using his finger to keep his place.
Trent turned worried eyes to his bride. “What’s up? You okay?”
“I just need a hug. A big one,” Jory said, her voice quivering.
Trent took her in his arms and held her tight. “Just tell me when you’re ready,” he whispered.
Jory’s eyes drifted shut as she rested her cheek against his chest. He smelled of fresh soap, aftershave, and man. The protection of his embrace calmed her. Her strength returned. She leaned back to gaze up at the retired Marine about to become her life partner.
“I’m ready.”
“Fine,” he said, releasing her and resuming his place.
“Ready, Jory?” the minister asked, his eyebrows raised.
“Yes.” She smiled and nodded, gripping Trent’s hand.
“We are gathered together…” the pastor continued.
Most of the ceremony was a blur to Jory. The couple had decided to forego writing lengthy, gooey vows. They agreed that keeping their feelings for each other private was more their style.
When Reverend Carlson cleared his throat, Jory snapped to attention, catching the end of what he had said and sputtered, “I do.” Trent was paying closer attention and came in right on time with his “I do.” A few more words, which could have been in Kurdish as far as Jory was concerned, were said, and then the ring exchange.
When Trent produced her mother’s ring, two tears slipped down Jory’s cheek. “Ma,” she whispered, before offering a trembling hand to the staff sergeant. After slipping on the heirloom band, he lifted her hand to his lips.
His touch and the understanding look in his eyes warmed her heart. He got her. Their silent communication reassured her that this wedding was the right move. When the service started again, Jory’s thoughts were on Trent. Mentally extolling his good qualities, she almost missed the pronouncement that they were husband and wife.
“Huh?”
He cleared his throat. “Are you listening now?”
She nodded, feeling the flush of embarrassment steal up her chest at the titter from the audience.
“Good. I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
The groom sported a wide grin as he leaned down to give her the kiss of a lifetime. The crowd laughed, clapped, and cheered. Jory heard a few war whoops as she rested in the arms of her new spouse.
When they broke, the organist played the recessional. Amber returned the bouquet to the bride. Jory and Trent exchanged happy, relieved looks as they started back up the aisle. No need to hurry now, the deed was done. They stepped out into the early autumn sunshine. A limousine awaited them. Trent helped her negotiate the church steps in her long gown. Frustrated, he finally swooped her up in his arms and carried her to the car. The onlookers cheered and laughed.
“I hope Laura’s got everything set up,” she remarked.
“Laura Dailey? You gotta be kidding me. She’s the most organized person in the entire county, I hear,” Trent said, taking her hand and waving out the open window. Shopkeepers stepped from their stores to greet the newlyweds as they drove by. Once at the house, Jory marched through to the backyard, only to be blown away by the scene before her.
Flowers were everywhere, an arch covered in white roses led to the deep yard, dotted with round tables, clothed in pink, seating eight people. On the left was a long table, groaning with cold hors d’oeuvres and chafing dishes keeping food hot. In the very back, a three-piece band was tuning up on a makeshift stage that was just a large, wooden pallet.
Trent tugged on her hand. She turned to face him.
“You’re not sorry, are you?” A note of concern rang through his tone.
“Sorry I married you? Never. Never been happier.” She got up on tiptoe to kiss his handsome face.
“You look beautiful. You looked amazing, coming down the aisle.”
Laura Dailey and Nan Edwards rushed through the back door together, getting stuck. Nan pushed through first. She took charge of the people and set up a receiving line while Laura managed the food.
“This is going to be an incredible party,” Jory whispered to her new husband.
He grinned, resting his arm around her shoulders. A sensation of lightness seeped through the bride. Loneliness faded from her life. She closed out that chapter and faced a new one with joy in her heart. She said a silent prayer then stepped forward to greet her guests.
People made way for the pastor and his wife. He took the bride’s hand and held it for a moment. “I only have one question, Jory. How did you two meet?”




Epilogue



Eight months later

Jory and Trent had slept at Nan’s house the night before. The town was having a pre-Mother’s Day garage sale, and Jory was helping Nan set up. Her aunt was determined to get rid of the thirty years of junk accumulated in the attic and basement.
Amber had washed her hands of the project and remained in Orlando. Trent set up the tables and moved the heavy stuff. Jory and Nan placed items in appealing displays, including a tray of free brownies, set up two chairs, and waited.
Trent nabbed a sweet from the plate. “I think the staff should get one of these.”
“Help yourself,” Nan said.
It wasn’t long before folks wandered by. There was a lot of buzzing as news and gossip were exchanged. Two women stopped at the table, looking over the items on display.
“Jory, did you hear about that Jackie Tremont?”
The journalist shook her head.
“She’s been gone a year and a half now. Living in sin with that rich man. Old enough to be her father,” said Cindy Kallek.
“Her parents are scandalized,” said Judy Turner.
“I hear they don’t even speak to her anymore.”
“Haven’t for about a year. More or less,” Judy piped up.
“That’s terrible. Nothing should come between a parent and child,” Jory remarked.
“When a child goes over the line…” Cindy started.
“Right! Some children are just born bad seeds,” Judy interrupted.
“Not Jackie! She was dating Trevor Fulton for a long time. I was sure they’d get married.”
“Bad seed. Yeah. She had it good with Trevor. He’d do anything for her. But he wasn’t good enough. Nope. She had to have a multi-millionaire,” Cindy said, sifting through a basket of odds and ends.
“What kind of books do you have?” Judy asked. “I wouldn’t be surprised if that guy didn’t dump her for someone else. She wasn’t a great prize. Don’t know what he saw in her in the first place. Oh, Jory, I’ll take this one.”
The women paid for their items and moved on.
Jory let out a breath. “I’m glad those two old gossips are gone. Geez. They’re so mean. If Jackie fell for that guy and wanted to be with him, what business is it of theirs?”
“I agree. He was quite attractive too,” Nan added.
“Nan! Really? Does Dan know you think that?” Jory chuckled.
“I don’t tell him everything,” the older woman said, rearranging the items on her side. “Jackie’s parents are very worried. They haven’t heard from her in almost a year.”
“Did they have a fight?”
Nan nodded. “Betty said Jackie refused to take their calls. They’d had fights with her before. But they never stopped speaking.”
Jory’s brows knit. “I sure hope nothing’s happened to her.”
“Me too.” Nan squeezed her niece’s hand.

** THE END**

Watch for “Too Late for Goodbye” and “Echoes of the Heart”, coming soon

About the Author
Jean Joachim is a best-selling romance fiction author, with books hitting the Amazon Top 100 list since 2012. She writes contemporary romance, which includes sports romance and romantic suspense.
Dangerous Love Lost & Found, First Place winner in the 2015 Oklahoma Romance Writers of America, International Digital Award contest. The Renovated Heart won Best Novel of the Year from Love Romances Café. Lovers & Liars was a RomCon finalist in 2013. And The Marriage List tied for third place as Best Contemporary Romance from the Gulf Coast RWA. To Love or Not to Love tied for second place in the 2014 New England Chapter of Romance Writers of America Reader’s Choice contest. She was chosen Author of the Year in 2012 by the New York City chapter of RWA.
Married and the mother of two sons, Jean lives in New York City. Early in the morning, you’ll find her at her computer, writing, with a cup of tea, her rescued pug, Homer, by her side and a secret stash of black licorice. Jean has 30+ books, novellas and short stories published. Find it here: http://www.jeanjoachimbooks.com. Sign up for her newsletter, on her website, and be eligible for her private paperback sales. Sign up for her newsletter here:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jean-Joachim Author/221092234568929?sk=app_100265896690345

