Uranus Exodus 
 
by 
  Maysam Yabandeh  
 
 
The Champion
Prom Night
The [Almost] Champion
The Prom Date
Arrested
The Prom: Plan B
The Boss
The Prom Game
Unforgotten
The Headquarters
The President
Alternative Reality World
The Prom Game, Take 2
Reincarnation
FriendFace Engineer
Janitor
Half-full Professor
You Can’t Quit
And I Wrote Love
Al: Artificial Intelligence love
A Star is Born
Stalker
Unconditional Love
Which Game?
The Game of Life
Meanwhile, on Earth
Resurrected
The Cheat Code
The Dream
Red Carpet
Saving The Savior
(c) 2021 Maysam Yabandeh
The Champion
Her hips swaying side to side, The Sexy Fox saunters to him through the cloud of dust. Stripped of all her weapons, she has nothing left to fight with but her empty fists. She must be insane. Or desperate. More likely desperate. With less than 19 seconds before the end of the battle, what choices does she have?
“You want more scores?” The Brave Lion thinks. “No problem. Come and get it, loser. If you can.” He chuckles and checks the scores rendered on his glasses:
 00:00:19 
 The Sexy Fox 8.72 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
The Brave Lion has won. Almost. All he needs to do is stall her for the next 19 seconds, and the championship will be his. All the years of playing video games day and night finally paid off. In 19 seconds, he will be called the winner, and he will be recognized as such by thousands of VR fanatics all over the world. The avatars of hundreds, who have paid for the first-class ticket, are gathered in Rome’s Colosseum—the virtual one—to watch the battle closely with their own eyes. Lynda could also be sitting among them, admiring his gaming skills and envying his victory. “Forget about her, Ryan,” The Brave Lion tells himself. “Just focus on the game.”
In 19 seconds, Ryan will be on the top, and he will get the respect that he deserves. Girls will die to take a photo with him…and will be honored to date him too. Lynda will probably try to get back in touch with him. He, however, will not return her calls. She missed her chance. That is her loss. “Forget about her. Concentrate, Ryan. Concentrate.”
Stepping his right foot forward, he stiffens his slightly bent knee. His left toes barely touching the ground, he slides the other foot back into Akimatto position. Like a veteran samurai, he holds up the lightsaber with both hands. “Come to Papa,” he mutters, clenching his teeth.
Her eyes glued to The Brave Lion, The Sexy Fox picks up speed, her saunter turning into a stride. What could she possibly do barehanded?! Her face twisting into a suicidal rage, she sprints towards The Brave Lion, screaming at the top of her voice.
Aiming for her neck, The Brave Lion raises his lightsaber. His eyes locked on her and her every micro-motion, he repositions his fingers on the grip to tighten his clutch.
Dashing the last step, she shields her face with her left hand, as if flesh and bone can ever stop a lightsaber.
Roaring his early victory, The Brave Lion strikes down the sword.
The burning light is a span away from her neck when she ducks by throwing herself at his feet.
That is a dumb move, The Brave Lion thinks. Now, she cannot even run away. Turning to the left, he follows her neck with his lightsaber. 
Why is her right fist turning green? The Brave Lion wonders and worries. Is that a Hulk fist? How did she—
Before she falls on the ground, with her fist swollen to five times its size, she punches The Brave Lion in the crotch. Why in the balls? With the power of a thousand fists jammed into it, the Hulk Punch crushes everything that comes its way. For the love of God, why in the balls?
Damn this G38 VR gears! The designer must be a man-hating woman. Why else they built this I-can-feel-my-freaking-balls feature into it? There is a limit on how realistic a game has to be. And that limit is Ryan’s balls. What is it with these female fighters always aiming for them anyway? That is just plain mean. More than mean, actually. It is cruel. Borderline criminal even. There should be a rule or law or something against it somewhere. In the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, perhaps. Thou Shall Not Punch a Man in the Balls.
The Brave Lion is thrown in the air like a light, goose-down pillow. Ryan can hear every beat of his heart. Time slows down while the body of his avatar travels through the air. In a moment of weightlessness, his eyes survey the audience, searching for Lynda. Having their mouth half open and their eyes bugged out, none of the fans is chanting his name anymore. Disloyal scums! No, Lynda cannot be one of them. She has faith in Ryan. She knows well that a great player always has aces hidden up his sleeves. What makes a gamer powerful is not the size of his avatar nor his tools and weapons. It is rather the twist, the exit strategy that he keeps under wraps until the very end. And Ryan has got plenty of those.
The Brave Lion falls on his back, his lightsaber thrown away, far from his reach. Before he can draw his laser gun, The Sexy Fox jumps on him, pushes his hands back, above his head, pinning them to the ground. He checks the scores rendered on his glasses:
 00:00:13 
 The Sexy Fox 8.73 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
Ryan has guessed right. The punch has earned her only 0.1 points. Not a big deal.
His hands pinned to the ground, The Sexy Fox is lying on top of him—and not in a good way. This position is called the crucified since the gamer underneath her cannot make any move as if his hands are nailed to a cross. She has got The Brave Lion at her mercy. That is what she thinks! 
Now is the perfect time for The Brave Lion to reveal one of his twists. What she does not know is that he has used half his credit to augment his left hand to a robotic one. With a quick jerk, he frees his robotic hand. Ha. She did not see that coming. All he needs now is his lightsaber, and The Sexy Fox will wish she had never been born.
The Brave Lion looks left. Damn! It is out of reach, too far away.
An amateur gamer would struggle to reach the heaviest weapon. But the great gamer Ryan is, he can predict his opponent’s next moves. There is a 95% chance that she has a dagger or something under her shield. With her left hand that is free now, she would draw the dagger. With a probability of 80%, she would stab The Brave Lion 0.15 seconds before his right hand reaches the lightsaber. That brings the total odds of him successfully attacking her before she does down to only 76%. Ironically, Ryan got an F in math. That is too slim of a chance to take. Ryan cannot risk the championship on such low odds.
Instead, he decides to go for the oldest—as well as the simplest—trick in the book, sand in the eye. It’s a bit too dirty of a trick. One might even call it immoral. But when it comes to winning the championship, morality cannot get in the way. And Ryan is in here to win it.
His robotic hand is grabbing a fist of sand when The Sexy Fox presses her lips against his. What the hell is she doing?! Having the score disappeared from his glasses, he can see nothing but her hazel eyes. Her silky soft, blond hair surrounding their faces brings them privacy. Her irises change color, to green, the color of Lynda’s eyes. The Brave Lion can see his reflection in her pupils; it is the image of a lonely teenage boy longing for love.
No longer under the control of his brain, his lips reflexively decide to pucker. The burning sting that he feels on his rebellious lips dashes throughout his face’s skin and then his neck. In a fraction of a second, he loses control over his entire body, frozen like dead meat. What the hell is happening?!
With a triumphant smile on her face, The Sexy Fox separates herself from him, showing the bottle of poisonous Okra between her teeth. Less than 12 seconds before the end, Ryan finds himself fallen for the second oldest trick in the book. Shame on you, Ryan! Shame on you. Having his central nervous system depressed by the poison, his body will remain paralyzed for the next 10 seconds.
Ryan blames his momentary lapse on these modern G38 VR goggles. The rendered image is just too real. The first thing he will do with the prize money is buy himself one of these, the full set. While other gamers get to practice with their personal G38 gears, Ryan had nothing to train with but his dinosaur-age Oculus gear. The G3x series not only will improve the resolution by like a zillion times, but also, thanks to the advanced motion detectors, they will enable him to play anytime, anywhere, even at nights when he is lying on the threadbare couch of his Grandma. She is also fed up with him jumping all around, acting out the limited space in her small one-bedroom apartment. She almost kicked him out when Ryan broke her purple fern pot while playing with Oculus.
Sitting on his crotch, The Sexy Fox slowly draws a spear from under her arm shield. 
His eyes dilate when the glare of the sharp blade falls on them. That is the Spear of Destiny! She must have stolen it from Solomon’s Temple. Overtaken by fear, Ryan gasps for air. A stab with the Spear of Destiny would earn The Sexy Fox one full point. With his heart pounding fast, he thinks and thinks. 
Such a plight! There must be a way out. He just needs another twist. Perhaps the Hammer of Thor. Or an Iron Fist. Or a Venom Strike. It has to be fast. And it has to score him the most. He will have only one second to execute it. At the very end, when his body regains its muscle power. Just one second before the game ends. He has about 10 seconds to figure that out. That is plenty of time for a veteran gamer like Ryan. He just needs to concentrate.
With both hands, The Sexy Fox stabs the spear in his chest, screaming her desperate hunger for winning.
The score renders on his glasses again, indicating hers boosted from 8.73 to 9.73.
 00:00:10 
 The Sexy Fox 9.73 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
Ten seconds are left until the end of the game and nine seconds before The Brave Lion regains his muscle power. Rising to her knees, she lays down her weight on the spear. The further the spear penetrates his heart, the higher her score goes.
It is indeed a brutal move, but GameCon is no place to exercise kindness. This is the battlefield for ones with a burning desire to win. And Ryan has got one of those too. He is willing to apply any trick, no matter how dirty it would be. He just needs to concentrate and figure out an optimal move. Ten seconds is plenty of time to maintain his victory, regain the respect of his faithless, brainless fans, and collect the prize money that is his. After paying for the four-month overdue rent, he will make amends with Grandma by a pair of rechargeable Bluetooth hearing aids, the ones that the Affordable Health Act cannot afford.
Her clenched teeth showing through the drunken smile, The Sexy Fox pushes the spear further into his heart.
 00:00:09 
 The Sexy Fox 9.74 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
What is she smiling for? Does she not know that Ryan cannot lose? Does not she know that Grandma depend on him? Does she not understand that failure is simply not an option for Ryan?
Poor Sexy Fox! She has no idea what is coming to get her. She is going to be so stunned when Ryan will pull off his next twist. Ryan should not feel too sorry for her though. She comes from downtown, probably from a well-off family; definitely rich enough to have bought her a G38 VR gear. She does not know what it means to wear oversize, Goodwill shoes that always leak water when it rains. Her bones have never shivered with the touch of piercing winters that cut through Grandpa’s shabby pullovers—may he rest in peace. 
 00:00:08 
 The Sexy Fox 9.75 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
But Ryan is not of the type who would forget his humble beginnings when he reaches the top. Holding free gaming workshops, he will pass the gift to the next generation of young adults in Detruit, the district fallen to its knees. He will go from one elementary school to another to give motivational speeches to young kids. He will look into their malnourished faces and will tell them never mind their threadbare shirts that do not fit anymore. Tell them just to hang in there, follow their hearts, and pursue their dreams, because dreams do come true in life, even if you are born in Detruit. And Ryan is the undeniable, live evidence for it; the winner of GameCon, the ultimate tournament in virtual reality games.
 00:00:07 
 The Sexy Fox 9.76 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
And he will donate tons of money to cure Ovarian cancer once forever; so that mothers do not die. Because when they are gone, these kids become so lonely. There will be no one left to play Nintendo Switch with, snuggling in her arms. No one left to show excitement with every little score you make; to make you feel like the champion of the universe. Grandmothers would say that she is on a long work trip and that she will come back soon. But it does not take long for the kids to realize that ‘soon’ will never come. And that they would have to spend the rest of their lives desperately looking for a special someone who gets what it means to be a true gamer.
 00:00:06 
 The Sexy Fox 9.77 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
On second thought, Ryan will return Lynda’s calls. It was mean of him when he thought he would not. Ryan can be mean sometimes, especially when he is caught up in the middle of a competitive game. It is true she is the one who broke up with him. For no reason whatsoever. But, as Grandma puts it, the one with a bigger heart should be more forgiving too. As the champion of the GameCon tournament, he should play the bigger person and graciously accept her apology.
What if Lynda has forgotten Ryan’s number? Or maybe her phone got stolen during a bank robbery, and she has lost all her contacts. It is possible. Ryan thinks that he will probably try to initiate the phone call. Given that he is the champion of GameCon now, this time she must be willing to return his calls. To remind her of the good, old days, he will also send her some flowers. Her favorite, Alchemilla.
Ryan remembers the first Valentine’s gift he got for Lynda, the beaten-up Nintendo Switch. The same he used to play with by his mother. Ryan saw something in Lynda that makes him believe she is worthy of this priceless gift. And he was right. Lynda loved the gift—at first, at least. Even though she was obviously from downtown, it was the gesture in the gift that she valued, not the price tag. And Ryan loved that about her—among many other things.
Lynda used to carry the Nintendo Switch in her light gray backpack all the time. At first, Ryan thought it was because she wants to show how much she cares about him and his gift. But then, it occurred to him that perhaps she genuinely loves video games. Whichever. As long as she is happy.
She once even got caught playing with that during the Algebra class. Principal McManaman said that she should kiss the Nintendo Switch goodbye unless her mother comes over from downtown to have a serious chat.
Lynda, however, somehow managed to get the game console back without involving her mother. The rumor says that Principal MacManaman received a threatening phone call, perhaps from Lynda impersonating a hotshot, a mayor or something.
After that incident, Ryan did not see her with the handheld console anymore, and little by little he saw less of her too. Not long after, it was over between them, and she was gone. Ryan wonders where she is now and whether she still plays with the handheld console. If not, what kind of games is Lynda playing these days?
 00:00:02 
 The Sexy Fox 9.81 vs. The Brave Lion 9.81. 
Prom Night
“A little cleavage doesn’t hurt anybody,” Lynda shouts. She wears a light blue party dress with a deep, plunging neckline, which she has made by herself, along with a short matching skirt. She also has made a bow tie for Dad and a scarf for Mom but that is for later. It is going to be a lovely surprise.
It took two months to finish the dress, but it is all worth it. She is exhilarated about the admiration that she will get, not to mention the attention. Yes, the plunging neckline is a bit revealing but a little cleavage is quite stylish these days.
“A little!” Mom exclaims, her voice almost squeaky. “You can see the whole Grand Canyon down there.”
“Ple-e-e-ease,” Lynda pleads. “This is it.”
“Honey, don’t you think you are too pretty to dress like that?”
“This is the night. All the school will be seeing me in my new dress.”
“That’s… ah… what I’m afraid of.”
“I… I… I’ll wash the dishes. All the dishes. For the whole month.”
“Ms. Gonzales does the dishes.”
“I’ll do anything. Anything. I… I’ll make you a scarf, with yellow embroidered butterflies all over it; just like the one you loved so much.”
Pursing her lips, Mom tilts her head.
Lynda anxiously awaits a response, her eyes glued to Mom’s lips.
Abandoning Lynda’s gaze in the air, Mom crosses the colorful Persian rug to the fireplace. She adjusts one of the crystal owls she collects, moving it the slightest fraction of an inch. Taking a deep breath, she turns her sullen face back to Lynda. “No means no,” she says, hands on waist.
That is a slap in the face! Lynda did not want to take it this far, but what can she do when Mom is asking for it?
“Oh, I see,” Lynda says, mimicking Mom by putting her hands on her waist. “So it’s OK when you do it, but when it comes to me—”
“I’m the adult and… when did you ever see me showing cleavage?” Mom squeaks, her voice trembling. “In this family, we never do such a—”
“Oh, really?”
“Really,” Mom replies firmly.
“Oh, really?”
“Yes. Really.”
Lynda says nothing. Biting her lips and breathing angrily, she returns her mom’s daring glares. After a few moments of staring contest, she breaks the gaze and rushes into her parent’s bedroom.
“Where the hell you think you’re going, young girl?” Mom yells from behind. “Don’t you dare go in there. Hey, I’m warning you.”
Ignoring the warning, Lynda searches the bedroom.

“Aren’t you going to say anything?” Mom whispers to Dad, standing next to her. “Just standing there like a useless cucumber.”
The insult quickly triggers something inside Dad. Raising his head and pumping his chest, he puts on his most serious face, clears his throat, and calls Lynda with a surprisingly soft voice: “Sweetie, do you mind—”

Lynda storms out of the bedroom, holding the family photo album before her. She opens the album, showing a wedding photo. “See. See. Cleavage.”
“That’s… eh…” Mom sputters the words, gulping in between. “That’s different.”
“Different how?” Lynda asks, holding the wedding photo next to her cleavage.
Mom is still silent. A vein pops on her forehead. She must be running out of excuses to try out. Lynda and Dad privately have named it The Scarlet’s vein since the Scarlet Dickinson’s case. It was the first divorce settlement case in many years that Mom had lost, and it took almost two weeks for the popped vein to settle back to normal. Lynda is one inch away from winning this case. Her face celebrates in advance with a victorious smile.
“Answer me,” Lynda says, louder this time. “Different how?”
“That was my wedding day,” Mom says, bursting out. “I was with your Father and close family members. Not with a bunch of horny teens in a silly school party.”
Out of breath, Mom pants. She said what a mother should never say. That is a dangerous territory that she has crossed into.
The early victorious smile wears off Lynda’s face, replaced by a look of unleashed rage. Lynda’s noisy breathing now interweaves with that of Mom.
Dad’s awkward gaze switches rapidly between his wife and his daughter, never quite settling on either.
Tears welling up in her eyes, Lynda swallows hard against the lump in her throat. Gone way beyond touching a nerve, Mom’s unleashed remark has left a deep slash on Lynda’s heart.
“Is that what my Prom is to you?” she asks finally with a trembling voice. “Just a stupid party?!”
“Sweetie,” Dad jumps in when Mom subtly touches his hand with the back of her fingers, “I guess what your mom is trying to say is that the expectations are higher from decent families with deep, cultural roots.”
“Yeah,” Mom affirms.
“In those days decency was a trait well suited for a young girl at your age.”
“Yeah,” Mom affirms more strongly.
“Oh, yeah,” Lynda fires back, turning to Mom. “Then welcome to my era! We are Generation Z, and that’s how we roll.” Lynda proudly gestures to her cleavage.
“Oh, Darling,” Mom cries, throwing herself into her husband’s arms with a dramatic motion, resembling Hitchcock’s 1940’s Rebecca.
Dad soothes Mom, caressing her gently. “See what you did?” he says, his voice hardened, shooting an angry gaze at Lynda. “Happy now? You hurt your mother’s feelings.”
“Oh please,” Lynda says dismissively. “Even in Hollywood, this overly dramatic acting is out of fashion. Watch some new movies for God’s sake.”
Dropping her act, Mom turns back to Lynda. “You talk this way to me, your mother,” she growls. Brows knitting together, she separates herself from Dad’s embrace. “Just because of an Indian boy?” Teeth grinding, a condescending tone crawls into her last words.
Disgusted by the remark, she fixes her cold, dead eyes on her mom. “Now we’re talking,” she fires back. “Here we are again. Your real problem is with Michael.”
“Who the hell is Michael?”
“I think Rajneesh mentioned that before, honey,” Dad whispers softly, leaning down toward Mom. “Apparently, he pretends to be Michael B. Jordan.”
“He doesn’t pretend,” Lynda snaps. “He was ranked the hottest guy in the high school yearbook. He’s really Michael’s look-alike.”
“His eyes, maybe,” Dad argues, “But the nose is a little—”
“Oh my God,” Mom yells at Dad. “Are you seriously discussing this?”
“Sorry honey—”
“Is the issue,” Mom continues, “whether Rajneesh looks like Michael Jordan or—”
“He does,” Lynda interrupts. “He really, really does. And don’t you dare tell me he doesn’t,” she expresses her demand in a begging voice.
“Your mother is right, sweetie. You know we love Rajneesh—”
“His name is Michael.”
“I mean Michael. And it was all cool when he would stay the night over to study with you—”
“Hah!” Mom sneers at Dad’s naiveté. Lynda restrains her smile.
Still not getting it, he continues with the same sincere tone.
“But when it comes to real life, you want to pick a man that appreciates how amazing and special you are. Someone from our own people.”
“And Michael is what? From another species. What kind of racist shit is that?”
“Language, Lynda,” Mom warns gently.
“No no no no no no no. I don’t say that because Michael is black, I mean brown, I mean… help me.”
“Indian,” Mom shouts.
“Thank you. Indian,” Dad says, letting out a relaxed breath. “We love Indian food, and you know it. But at the end of the day, they are still different…, culture-wise.”
“Michael knows nothing about his heritage. His favorite food is cheeseburger.”
“Yeah, but still deep inside—”
“His parents are MIT graduates. He was born and raised in Boston—”
“Yeah, but deep, deep inside they are still—”
“Oh for God’s sake. I’m done with this shit. I’m going to Prom with Michael, and I am wearing my sexy dress,” Lynda says, pointing to her cleavage.
“You can’t,” Mom says calmly, looking away.
“Sure I can. I’m wearing it right now.”
“You can’t go to Prom, not with Rajneesh,” Mom continues with the same irritatingly confident tone while turning to Lynda.
“Who’s gonna stop me?” Lynda asks, fear growing in her tone.
“I forbid you.”
“Honey, perhaps—,” Dad interjects.
“You stay out of this.”
“You forbid me? Do I look like a child to you?”
“You are under 18.”
“So?” Lynda says with a trembling voice after gulping.
“By the power vested in me by the state of California,” Mom says in her most formal voice, “I shall involve the law enforcement in the matter should any man, including but not limited to Rajneesh, attempts to take my underage daughter from my house, against my will, a crime punishable by up to 20 years of prison according to California penal code, Section 207.”
Lynda is defenseless when her mom employs her lawyer skills. Like a pitiful puppy seeking shelter, she turns her face to her last resort, Dad. Perhaps he can protect her from Mom. 
While flinching, Dad watches Lynda’s pain with sympathy. But sympathy is not enough. With her eyes, Lynda begs for his support. Lowering his gaze, Dad takes a step back, almost behind Mom. Dad’s support is out the window.
Lynda is on her own. Tears running down her face, she holds back a sob and turns to Mom. “You… with your lawyer shit. You always do this to me. You always do this,” she says and runs into her room before she bursts out crying.
The [Almost] Champion
“God damn it,” Ryan says furiously while taking the VR headset off, flinging it to the ground. Soon, the sound of the headset cracking is lost among the cheers of the audience who are gathered in the indoor amphitheater.
The board above them shows the scores:
 00:00:00 
 Kathy, The Sexy Fox 9.82 vs. Ryan, The Brave Lion 9.81. 
Covered in blood, Ryan’s avatar on the board is flashing red, which is a long-standing tradition in GameCon, the national tournament in virtual reality games. That is meant to humiliate the loser. It is working quite effectively on Ryan—compounded with the audience’s cheers that could have been for him.
Kathy, The Sexy Fox, is still lying in her recliner. Biting her tongue, her gloved fingers are pressing hard against the recliner’s armrest as if she is choking someone in the game. The game is finished, but apparently, she cannot resist having fun with the corpse of the underdog, The Brave Lion.
Her growl growing into a roar, she jumps up from the recliner. The VR headset still covering her eyes, she stands before the applauding audience. The large screen above her cuts from her avatar sitting on The Brave Lion’s chest to herself standing on the stage. The cheers amplify when she throws her fists in the air. With a smile of victory on her face, she bows before the fans who congratulate her win.
Breathing heavily, Ryan bolts upright. His eyes fall on the broken headset that lies on the dark green stage. He wishes he had not done that. If GameCon decides to charge him for the damage, there is no way in hell could afford it. His eyes downcast, he rushes for the exit door.
Ryan stops the moment he faces the standing audience, not a single of them rooting for him. Their eyes covered by the VR headset, like androids, nine hundred game enthusiasts are chanting for Kathy. Although the system is rendering nothing but Kathy standing on the stage right before them, they would rather watch the reality through their virtual-reality headsets! That infuriates already-raging Ryan. These idiots should be chanting for him instead.
While rushing up the stairs, he takes off the VR gloves and flings them to the ground. It feels lonely and alienating to be surrounded by people unappreciative of his talents. “These ungrateful blockheads,” Ryan thinks, “don’t know the reach of my powers, the extent of my potentials, or the real me.” Not to see the irritating face of the cheering audience, he keeps his eyes lowered. 
Ryan trips, somewhere midway up the stairs. His hands are too late to save his face from the impact, leaving him with a bleeding lower lip. Teeth grinding, he turns back and finds a red high-heeled boot sticking out in the walkway. The boot and the blue miniskirt are the only garments covering the otherwise long, naked leg.
Ryan peers at her face to see who this clumsy moron is.
With her middle finger extended, she waves her hand while peeking from the corner of her VR headset. 
Is she for real? If they were in a video game, she would be a stereotypical villain NPC—Non-Player Character—designed to piss the players off. Ryan would guess she is Samantha if she did not have the brown mole on her chin.
“Bye-bye, loser,” she says and turns her face back to the stage, where the winner is standing tall. Putting the VR headset back on her eyes, she joins the audience in applauding Kathy.
Ryan’s face wrinkles in humiliation. GameCon fans are mostly of the excitable type, but this jerk has gone way out of her way. What makes it more hurtful is that the same jerk would be worshiping Ryan now if he had scored 0.02 points more. But this is GameCon, where the winner takes it all.
With his clenched fists pressed against the ground, Ryan pushes himself up. I’m done with this ridiculous game, he thinks. The sooner I’m out of this damned place, the better. He sprints up to the exit door.
The Prom Date
A flower bouquet in his hand and all dressed up, Michael walks through the long corridor that leads to Apartment 932 on the 9th floor. Raising his right arm, he smells his armpit to check if his deodorant is working. Almost. It doesn’t matter anymore. He does not carry deodorant anyway. He does have a pack of Tic Tacs though. He decides to chew a mint from it. He later tosses another one in his mouth, just to be on the safe side.
The gloomy long hallway is lit by a few light bulbs, one flickering. Under the dim light, Michael tries to read the door numbers. 926, 928, 930. Light seems to be coming out of the next door. Suspicious at that, he approaches the ajar door, his legs trembling. He can hear his heart beating. After fixing his tie, he takes a deep breath and raises his hand to knock.
The door opens before his hand reaches it. Lynda’s mother stands there, furious. She gives him a look as if Michael is a criminal caught in the midst of the crime. Stricken by fear, he quickly extends his hand, offering the flower bouquet that he has brought for Lynda.
“It’s for you,” he says, hoping for some leniency. There is, however, no change in her menacing glare. He can feel sweat coming out of every hair on his scalp. Having his desperate search for words failed, he gulps.
Lynda’s dad saves the moment by hastily appearing from the side, blocking the gaze of Lynda’s mom. He still has not completely put on his jacket. 
“There is my favorite man,” he says, taking the flower bouquet with his left hand. “What beautiful flowers!” While sniffing them, he puts his other arm through the sleeve of his jacket. “They smell good too.”
Lynda’s mom shuts the door behind them. With her gone, Michael lets out a relaxed breath. Having gained his speech ability back, he asks, “Is Lynda home?”
“She’s alright,” her dad replies while guiding Michael outside by a gentle push on his back.
Her dad’s out-of-nowhere assurance distresses Michael. He checks the new messages on his cell phone.
“There’s nothing to worry about,” Dad continues. “Oh, is that a Nokia? I thought they’re extinct. Can I take a look?”
Michael takes his gaze off his cell phone. “I… I…”
Dad reaches over and takes the phone, using a bit of force.
“What do you say we first have a little chat, man to man. Or should I say de hombre a hombre?” he says, flashing a big PR smile. 
“Why in Spanish?” Michael finds himself asking, a bit confused, a bit offended.
“No reason. Let’s just go for a walk. What do you say, big boy?” Lynda’s dad responds while walking Michael away.
“Is she OK?” Michael asks, looking back in the direction of Lynda’s apartment.
“In reflection, you do look a bit like Michael B. Jordan,” her dad says, maintaining the push on Michael’s back. “Have you considered acting as a profession?”
His resisting legs finally surrender. Michael walks with Lynda’s dad through the long corridor toward the elevators. His eyes, however, cannot give up, turning back to the apartment every few moments.
Arrested
Both hands and eyes both on the doorknob, Ryan pushes open the thick, sound-proof door of the amphitheater. The door half-open, he faces a big belly in a purple shirt. Before he gets a chance to slow down, his head bounces back after bumping into the belly. As his hand lets go of the doorknob, Ryan slowly turns his head way up. His stomach clenches when his eyes fall on the face of the huge man in the black suit. Judging by the dark sunglasses and the white earphone in his right ear, he must be a security guy. People in uniform would always make Ryan nervous, whether they are police officers, security guards, or even doormen. Given the shady things that he does, trouble is awaiting him at every corner.
But no one has ever been arrested for being a loser. Oh, damn! Ryan remembers the broken headset. There is no way he could pay for it. Could it be why the security is here? Nah. That cannot be it. They would not learn about it so fast. Ryan should just play nonchalant and sneak aside. 
The door shuts behind Ryan and with that, the sound of cheers stops too. With silence reigning in the hallway, Ryan can hear the guard wheezing.
“Your name is Ryan?” Ryan hears the deep voice from behind. Awfully close to him stands another huge security guard who is not only dressed the same way, but also looks like an exact clone of his colleague. If this was a video game, some lazy coder had simply copy-pasted the source code for the guard character.
“No… Yes… I mean, yes. Why?”
“You’re coming with us,” the first guard says, grabbing Ryan by the wrist.
Ryan could just chop off the arm of the security guard with a swing of his lightsaber. Too bad they are not in the game. Or are they? Life is just a game anyway, only instead of laser guns, lightsabers, and robot hands, Ryan has only his wits to rely upon. “Think, Ryan, think,” he tells himself. You can handle two dumb elephants. Ryan turns back to the guard. “Look. It’s just a headset,” he says in a begging voice. “I can easily pay for it. It might not even be broken.”
“You’re coming with us,” the second guard repeats from behind.
“I just need to call my Grandma,” Ryan pleads, turning to the second guard. “She can easily get the money right away, by the end of the week max.”
“We can do it the easy way or the hard way,” the second guard growls. Lifting up his coat, he shows a gun holstered at his waist.
“Ouch,” Ryan cries when the first guard squeezes his wrist. “The easy way. The easy way,” he says while unsuccessfully trying to free his hand from the guard’s firm grip.
“He comes voluntarily, boss,” the first guard says while his other hand reaches over his white earphone. “Okay, boss,” he says and slowly walks up the hall toward the VIP rooms, dragging Ryan behind him.
“Listen, guys,” Ryan says, his voice tight. “Do we really need to bother the boss? I really think my Grandma could pay for the headset by the end of the month.”
‘Keep walking’ is all Ryan hears from the second guard, who pushes him on the back.
The Prom: Plan B
Half an hour of sewing later, the plunging neckline is not so plunging anymore, stopping right above the cleavage. 
Lynda swallows the Diazepam tablet and hides the bottle behind the thick dictionary on the shelf. Her red eyes cried out, she takes a deep breath and exits her room.
The symptoms of multiple needle punctures are showing on her fingertips. Are they self-inflicted, a deliberate cry for attention, or just the accidental result of clumsy needling? Lynda is not sure anymore. But it does not matter. It is all over now, she thinks. It is time for a peace offering. She could not let a dress ruin her big night with Michael, the hottest boy in her high school.
Sitting on the tall, dark-brown armchair, Mom smokes while staring at the black, cracked screen of their 70-inch TV. It has been broken since last Wednesday when it accidentally fell to the floor while Ms. Gonzales was cleaning it. Mom would have fired Ms. Gonzales if Lynda had not stood up for her.
Lynda approaches Mom with hesitant steps. “Mom,” she says, her voice tight. 
Her glare still on the screen of the broken TV, Mom takes another puff on the cigarette. 
After clearing her throat, Lynda continues with a begging voice that unsuccessfully tries to be cute. “Mom, look. No more cleavage. I fixed it. Just the way you wanted it.”
Dad enters, alone, a flower bouquet in his hand. He nods when Mom immediately turns to him. Lynda finds their eye contact unsettling.
A bitter smile barely cracking on her face, Mom exhales the smoke and puts out the half-smoked cigarette in the full ashtray. She then turns to Lynda, the bitter smile still on her face.
“What’s going on?” Lynda asks, freaking out.
“Problem solved,” Mom responds mercilessly.
“What?!”
“Sweetie,” Dad interjects, “there is a slight change of plan. Rajneesh has been having second thoughts about Prom, and… and he decided to change his mind for the better and go to Prom with his Indian classmate instead. Chhaya, I believe, is her name. In the end, it worked out for the best.” Dad flashes one of his PR smiles.
“Yeah,” Mom says, her voice empty of sympathy.
“The Lord works in mysterious ways.” Dad maintains the mirthless smile.
“Yeah,” Mom repeats.
“No,” Lynda says, holding back a sob.
“It’s OK, sweetie,” Dad says, the smile disappeared from his face. Eyebrows drawing together, he moves closer to Lynda.
“No, that’s a lie,” she cries, the sob taking over gradually. “A liar. That’s what you are. A liar.”
“Look, look,” Dad says, trying to sound convincing. “He even sent these flowers for you. It’s your favorite. Alchemilla.”
“Isn’t that nice?” Mom growls like a heartless wolf, without even looking at the flowers.
That is like something Michael would do, Lynda thinks. But she is still in doubt. Something does not add up.
“Did you not get his message?” Dad asks and like a deceitful snake rolls his eyes to his master, Mom.
Lynda’s hands are reaching for her cell phone in her pocket when she notices that her party dress does not have any. She spies her cell phone lying on the TV stand, connected to the USB charger.
Hesitantly, she steps toward the TV and picks up the charged phone. The notification on the screen says: ‘1 new message from Michael.’ She turns her back to her parents when reading the message.
Tears run down her face when she unsuccessfully tries to hold back the sob.

If only Lynda would understand that this is for her own good. Biting her lips, Mom watches the reflection of her daughter’s tears on the TV’s cracked screen. Mom knows the tears are coming right from the heart when Lynda cries silently. With every tear that Lynda sheds, Mom’s tough exterior cracks further. Perhaps they have gone too far this time.
Mom no longer can stand her daughter’s suffering. She is getting up from her armchair when her hand hits the ashtray, knocking it on the floor. Ignoring the ashes spread on the carpet, she approaches Lynda.
“Honey—,” she says, extending her hand to caress her daughter’s cheek.
Lynda turns the moment she touches her, throws the cell phone on the floor, and runs to her bedroom, whimpering. She slams the door behind her, locking it afterward.
“Honey,” Mom mutters. Tears welling up her eyes, she stares at Lynda’s bedroom. “Why are you so stubborn?”
“That, she got from you,” Dad says, touching Mom on the shoulder. 
Mom turns. “If I don’t protect her who—”
“It’s OK, honey. In time, she’ll understand.”
Dad gives Mom a much-needed hug.
The Boss
“For God’s sake,” the boss yells, “who the hell do you think you’re dealing with?” He is a tall, rather skinny man, clad in a dark blue suit with a gray pocket square poking out of his breast pocket. His appearance fits the stereotype of heartless wall street douchebags who compensate their hollow inside with the shiny outfit outside. He is not likable at the first sight, or even at the second, but as long as he is yelling at the giant guards, Ryan gives him the benefit of the doubt.
“This is Ryan, boss,” the first guard responds, lifting his wrist.
“This gentleman is a national treasure, you imbecile.” With his angular face shrunk, the boss’s hollow cheeks appear more frightening. “You can’t treat him like that,” he continues.
The deep furrow on his brow softening, Ryan starts to take a liking to the boss. “Come to think of it,” Ryan tells himself, “I am a national treasure, yet to be discovered. But how does the boss know about it? He must be a bright person.”
“Sorry, boss,” the guard responds flatly, his blank face empty of any emotions.
“Are you still holding his wrist?!”
“Sorry, boss,” the guard says in an indifferent, monotone voice and after a moment lets go of Ryan’s wrist.
“Ouch,” Ryan cries while rubbing his freed wrist as people do in movies; perhaps a bit more dramatically.
“Let me look at you, soldier,” the boss tells Ryan. “Why’s your lip bleeding?”
“Ask the gorilla, boss,” Ryan responds, pointing to the guards.
“We didn’t touch—” the second guard jumps in, fear obvious in his voice.
“Shut up,” the boss yells, “Shut up. Just shut up and get out of my face, you imbeciles.”
“OK, boss,” the security guards say in unison and leave the VIP room but not before giving Ryan a dirty look.
Ryan reciprocates that with a smirk and makes sure that they see it. “You do not know who you are messing with,” Ryan says with his look.
“You must excuse them,” the boss tells Ryan, bringing him a tissue. “They’re only trained to—”
“To kill,” Ryan jumps in.
“—to protect,” the boss continues. “Etiquette, hence, was not exactly part of their curriculum.”
His narrowed eyes on the boss, Ryan snatches a tissue. The college talk does not impress him. He never trusts one who hides behind big words. He already took care of the guards, and now it’s time for the final touchdown. “All right,” he begins. “I might’ve cracked your VR headset, and your gorillas gave me a fat lip. I say we call it even, shall we? Or you’d have to deal with my dad, otherwise. He’s a lawyer and he could sue the whole tournament.”
“No, no, no, my son. I have summoned you for a mission of utmost… ah… aren’t you unfathered?”
“How do you know?!”
“It’s my business to know, soldier. Anyway, back to the mission, the reason we’re here. I give it to you straight, soldier. Your country needs you and your talents—”
“Who the hell are you again?” Ryan asks.
“—A citizen is… Really?! You don’t know me?”
“Should I?”
“Does the name Senator Honestman ring a bell?” the boss asks, pride waving in his voice when he mentions his own name.
A real Senator! A man from the very top, where Ryan wishes to reach someday. A bit afraid of disappointing him, Ryan hesitantly shakes his head.
Senator sighs. “You don’t watch much news, do you? Well, if you did you would know that the Senate’s armed services committee are at the tip of my fingers. It takes only a slight gesture of my hand to…” Taking a deep breath, Senator seems to calm down. “Anyway, back to the mission,” he continues. “A citizen is trapped in an alternative-reality video game, and we need a talented gamer to enter the game and to save our citizen. Your country cherry-picked you to be the hero, soldier. Congratulations!” He finishes by putting his hand on Ryan’s shoulder.
Ryan is finally discovered! A fresh brightness wavers in his eyes, glued to Senator’s lips. His eyes dilate further with every word that Senator utters. The word ‘Hero’, in particular, echoes through his head, waking up suppressed emotions that Ryan had almost forgotten they even existed. Up until now, he was just an F-grade sophomore at Prod Gen High who was constantly blamed for devoting his time instead to his passion, gaming. And now he is being selected to be a national hero, to use his talents for good.
His mouth dry, Ryan gulps. It does not help much. 
As if he has read Ryan’s thirst on his face, Senator gestures to the mini-fridge on the side of the room. “Can I offer you some—”
Before Senator finishes the sentence, Ryan passes by him, rushing to the mini-fridge behind. He takes the first water bottle his hand touches. It tastes funny, almost bitter, but Ryan is too thirsty to mind. After chugging half the bottle, he takes a deep breath and turns back to Senator. He cleans his mouth with his sleeve and asks, “Why me?”
“Because you’re the best,” Senator responds, offering a flattering smile.
The look of excitement vanishes from Ryan’s face in a matter of a second. The word ‘best’ has triggered painful memories in him. “No, I’m not,” he snaps, slamming the water bottle on the fridge. “I just lost the championship to Kathy, The Sexy Fox. I will be the 4th at best if I somehow manage to beat Tom, The Dragon Slayer on the Sahara battlefield. Kathy must be still around, somewhere in the amphitheater. I can grab her for you,” Ryan says, heading to the door.
“It has to be you, soldier,” Senator says firmly from behind.
“Why?” Ryan asks without turning back.
“Because you are one of the best. And because you know the victim,” Senator responds, squeaking the last words.
“I do?” Ryan turns to him.
“Lynda Honestman.”
“Who?”
“You must know her as Lynda Queen.”
“Lynda! How… why… How do you—”
“I’m her father. Lynda and I had our differences. She insisted to hide her identity when moving to Proud Gen High, which I understand is where you two—”
“Me and Lynda are over,” Ryan snaps. “Can I leave now?”
“She never got over you.”
“She broke up with me. Do you understand? She broke up with me. Where is the damn exit?” Ryan asks while trying the many locked doors in the VIP room until one of them opens. Behind it is standing one of the security guards, his huge body blocking the way. Slowly chewing gum, he turns to Ryan. “Get the hell out of my way, you imbecile gorilla.” With his shoulder leaned against the guard’s belly, Ryan unsuccessfully tries to push him away.
While wheezing, the guard looks up at Senator.
“Out of my way. Now,” Ryan shouts, his voice trembling.
Senator sighs. While turning away, he reluctantly waves the guard aside.
The exit clear, Ryan runs out before his emotions take over.
The Prom Game
Lynda drops the almost-empty bottle of Diazepam and watches it fall nine floors onto the concrete-paved sidewalk. Still wearing her light blue party dress, she is on the balcony of her room, one leg over the railing. Having no more tears to shed, she stares at the night traffic, nine stories below. From up there, the shiny cars look like nothing but small toys. Vroom. Vroom. She hears in her head the sound of a kid playing with those toy cars.
Leaning forward, she ignores the entreaty of the breeze that blows up from the street, pushing her back inside.
“This is just a video game,” Lynda hears unexpectedly from behind. She screams while turning back to the voice.
“Ms. Gonzales! What are you doing in my room, at this hour? Don’t get close or I jump.”
“It’s OK,” Ms. Gonzales says, taking a step back. “It’s OK. I’m not getting close.”
“Wasn’t today your day off?” Lynda asks, willing her voice to calm. 
Ms. Gonzales has always been a reliable shoulder to cry on. A good listener to whom Lynda has told all about her most private feelings, the stuff that Mom could never understand.
“I came only for you,” Ms. Gonzales says like an angel who has just dropped down from the sky. “Listen, Lynda. You shouldn’t let these things upset you.”
“I finally found love,” Lynda says in a most depressive voice, “and I lost it—”
“Good. I happen to know a young man named Ryan who’s still madly in love with you.”
“—to that bitch Chhaya. Can you believe it? She didn’t even make it to the prettiest list in the yearbook.”
“He loves the passion you have to win games. The way you care about these little things, and the way he can make you feel better afterward. The way you giggle out of pity when he tries to be funny. The way you stood up to that jerk, Billy. The way you made his heart smile.”
“Billy who? What’re you talking about? I’m talking about Michael, the most popular guy in our school, a TikTok legend, over a million followers. Do you understand?”
“I understand, but—”
“From tomorrow on, every time I walk into our high school, my classmates will point me out to each other. ‘Look, that’s Lynda, the loser that Michael dumped.’”
“Lynda. None of these matters,” Ms. Gonzales says louder, running out of patience.
“Are you even listening to me?” Facing the street, Lynda throws her other leg over the railing.
“This. This city. This life. Your Prom. Your Date. The yearbook, and its stupid lists and rankings. None of them matters.” She looks Lynda directly in the eye. “It’s just a game, Lynda,” she continues, her voice begging to be believed. “It’s just a game.”
Pulling herself closer to the balustrade, Lynda turns back to Ms. Gonzales. 
A smile cracking on her face, Ms. Gonzalez takes a step forward, offering a hand of help.
Closing her eyes, Lynda takes a moment to wrap her head around what she just heard and why Ms. Gonzales speaks so weirdly tonight. She takes a deep breath and opens her eyes when a sad smile appears on her face. “Yeah, it’s all a game,” she says, looking over her shoulder down at the concrete-paved sidewalk, nine stories below. “A game in which I am a loser.”
Lynda jumps off the balcony.
Unforgotten
The ceiling lights off, the empty cafeteria at the corner of the 2nd floor is barely lit by the big bulb hanging above the counter. At a white plastic table in the corner, Ryan eats his favorite meal: a double cheeseburger with extra French fries. He takes quick bites of the burger as if he is breaking a starvation strike. Although no one is watching, he tries to gulp the sound of his sob with every bite that he swallows.
A slim hand with long fingers puts a beaten-up handheld video game console on the table next to the French fries.
“Lynda!” Ryan exclaims while looking up. It does not take long before he guesses that she is Lynda’s mother.
“People always say she’s an exact clone of me,” she says while sitting next to Ryan. “Thank goodness, she inherited nothing from her father… except for the stubbornness of course, and the self-destructive fever of winning,” she says, growling at the last part.
Turning his gaze away, Ryan drops the half-eaten burger, stands, and picks up the tray to leave. While turning away, he spits, “I already told your husband—”
“That bastard is not my husband!” she shouts.
Ryan stays put, in shock. He slowly turns back to her.
“He was, at some point, unfortunately,” she continues, turning her gaze down on the table. “But not anymore, fortunately.” She calms her voice. “But we still do share a daughter, and she’s innocent.” Her voice squeaks toward the end. Her face tightening, she presses her lips together.
Leaning forward, Ryan puts his hand on hers. Her lips parting and her face muscles loosening up, she looks up at Ryan. Eyes brightened, a smile cracks on her face. She has Lynda’s cute smile, Ryan thinks.
“Where did you get my Nintendo Switch?” Ryan asks, sitting back on his chair.
“What switch?”
“This handheld video game.”
“Oh. From Lynda’s bedside table. She could never forget you.”
“Then, why—”
“Because… she is as stupid as I was, making the same mistakes I made. But her heart never gave up.” Light reflects in the tears that well up in her eyes.
Ryan clasps her hand, not sure if it is to calm her or for him to remember the touch of Lynda’s hand.
“Where is she now?” he asks.
“Her body is with us, retained by the corporation. Her mind, however, is lost. Trapped somewhere in Uranus.”
“The planet?!” Ryan exclaims, his voice tight.
“The game.”
“Uranus! The game changer game?” Ryan asks, a flush of adrenaline tingling through his body. “That’s… That’s like the most anticipated virtual reality game of the decade.”
“They call it the Alternative Reality world, I believe,” she replies, her face not reflecting Ryan’s excitement.
“But… it won’t be released until Christmas!”
“That would be the projected release date for the mass market, if I’m not mistaken. She’s trapped in a prototype.”
“How did she—”
“Her dad,” she replies, grinding her teeth, the hatred back into her voice. “Her idiot dad. The bastard had pulled the strings to get an early prototype access for her birthday.”
“Lucky her!” Ryan finds himself muttering.
“She’s trapped, remember?” Almost yelling at him, Lynda’s mother shoots Ryan an angry look.
“And that’s where you need me.”
“And that’s where we need you, to be the hero, her hero; to get into the game and bring her back to this world,” she says, showing the handheld console to Ryan, “where her heart is in the right place.”
“Can’t you just simply—”
“Apparently no. I myself don’t fully understand the physics of it. But from what they told me, the game is directly connected to the main neurons in her brain. She has to exit the game voluntarily or otherwise, she’ll be left in a coma forever.”
The frightening description that Lynda’s mother gives has an inverse impact on Ryan. The more she talks, the more excited Ryan gets to hear about the revolutionary game that will forever change virtual reality as they know it. On one hand, he is excited about the game and is tempted to try it out, and on the other hand, he is concerned about the unknown dangers involved in being among the first to step into this virtual world. Lynda, his ex, is already trapped there. 
But Lynda does not have a tenth of my gaming skills, Ryan thinks. She must have made some rookie mistakes. I’m a pro. I’ll be fine. I’ll be fine, and I’ll save lovely Lynda. That would be one hell of an exciting exit. And it’ll be only the two of us. And she will fall in love with me all over again. Years of gaming experience, day and night, finally paid off.
Ryan hears the last sentence echoing in his head, “She has to exit the game voluntarily or otherwise, she’ll be left in a coma forever.”
“And why doesn’t she?” he asks, eyes narrowed.
“That I don’t know. No one does, apparently. And you are our only hope to figure it out. If you will be so kind as to just come over, President can explain better.”
“The President herself?!” Ryan exclaims.
“No,” she replies, a bitter smile barely appearing on her face. “I mean, the president of the corporation that has built Uranus. The reach of his power, however, is no less than the president of a country.”
“Will I meet the President in Lynda’s bedroom?!” Ryan asks and licks his lips.
“In their headquarters, where Lynda’s body is retained.”
“Of course. Of course,” he says, blushing.
“They don’t let the prototype leave the office. A task force of the world’s best experts in virtual reality is working on the case, as we’re speaking.”
Senator arrives, his long shadow casting on Ryan.
Lynda’s mother looks away, her face cringing.
Ryan looks up. The shadow on him is replaced with bright light when Senator kneels before him as if Ryan is some sort of knight.
“Please, son,” Senator says, maintaining direct eye-contact while holding Ryan’s right hand. “On behalf of our beloved country, I beg you. I need you. Your country needs you.”
“Lynda needs you,” her mom jumps in, showing the handheld game console.
With his left hand, Ryan takes the console and brings it near his face. Shutting his eyes, he takes a deep sniff. It smells like Lynda, he thinks.
The Headquarters
A black limousine takes Ryan to the city center, to the headquarters. Having his hands pressed against the window, he watches the jaw-dropping skyscrapers pass by through the tinted glass. 
Lynda’s mother is envious of Ryan’s capacity for excitement. Being a senator’s wife, even an ex-wife, she is fed up with the boredom of luxurious life. She leans forward and reaches over to the handheld game console that is lying next to Ryan. Immersed in the scenery of skyscrapers, he does not notice it.
She tries to remember Lynda’s smile by staring at the game console. The dark gray screen reflects her eyes yearning to see her daughter again. The image also shows the tears that her cried-out eyes can no longer shed. The innocence of a teen wavering in the watery eyes, the image gradually changes to a reflection of Lynda. Holding the bars that appear on the screen, Lynda silently screams for help. There is no sound, but it is not hard to tell that the lips are spelling the sacred word ‘Mom’.
A tear drop escapes Lynda’s mother’s eye when she caresses the image on the screen.

“Wow! What is that?” Ryan asks, pointing to a monstrous, sphere-shaped skyscraper at the center of downtown. The top hidden behind a smog cloud, it seems that the building reaches all the way to the sky. Without any rival, the green giant is the sole ruler of the city as well as the sky above it. It almost looks like it is a planet of its own. Similarly to Saturn, it is surrounded by rings.
“That would be the headquarters,” Lynda’s mom responds with a voice lacking any excitement, and then quickly turns her face back on the game console. “They’ve moved here after the last Series C financing raised by a few secret investors. Rumors say that the Pentagon has signed an exclusive contract with them, pending the successful release of the game. Imagine how the military is going to use such technology. The corporation’s future all depends on the success of Uranus now.”
His eyes fixed on the headquarters, ‘Game’ and ‘Uranus’ are the only words Ryan grasps among all the finance jargon. A monstrous double-rotor helicopter that is painted like military vehicles lands on the side of the headquarters’ rings. Ryan figures out that the rings must be a freeway connecting the helicopter landing platform to different sides of the sphere.
“That must be Senator,” Ryan says, “the giant helicopter, I mean.”
“Men! The big vehicles are to compensate for something else,” Lynda’s mother sneers. “Trust me on that.”
“Compensate for like… like their salaries?” Ryan asks, puzzled.
“You’ll get it,” she responds with a restrained chuckle. “Give it time.”
The limousine briefly stops by the stairs that lead to the entrance door. It must be hundreds of them, Ryan thinks, getting ready for the climb. His hand barely reaches the door handle when the limo drives away, entering a narrow street with Do Not Enter signs all over it. Gulping in anxiety, Ryan turns to ask Lynda’s mom. He, however, decides to hide his fear when he finds her calm, staring at the handheld game console.
After a minute, the limo stops in the middle of the empty street. There is nothing on either side but bushy maple trees. The trees on the left slide away, showing the secret entrance door that opens afterward. Ryan wants to say something but swallows his astonishment when he notices Lynda’s mom’s indifference.

“I think I knew your mother,” Lynda’s mom says to Ryan while riding the glass elevator. “We met at a charity event she organized. It was about underprivileged children, if I remember correctly.”
Although his ears sharpen when he hears his mom mentioned, Ryan keeps his eyes on the glass window, watching the city becoming smaller and smaller. 
“She was a honorable woman, a true lady,” Lynda’s mom continues, “a giver, always looking for ways to help others.”
Ryan turns a bit to the left so that she cannot see the tears well up in his eyes. The glass elevator goes through smog. It not only blocks the view but also makes the glass window act like a mirror, on which Ryan can see the reflection of Lynda’s mom.
She stops talking about Ryan’s mother when a tear falls from his eye. “I’m sorry,” she continues, “I don’t know why I mentioned that. May she rest in peace.”
“Arriving at Floor 2020,” the female computer voice says on the speaker. The door opens, and Lynda’s mother steps out. Ryan stays put, his hand still on the glass window. He pretends to be watching the scenery although there is not much to see through the black fog.
“Ryan,” she calls.
“Yeah,” he squeaks, following it with a sniffle. “Let’s do this,” he says, turning away from the window. Ignoring the puzzled gaze of Lynda’s mother, he walks ahead so that she cannot see his watery eyes.

After a laser scans their faces, the door to a relatively dark waiting room opens to them. 
“Welcome, Mr. Ryan,” a female voice greets. “If you kindly follow me, I’ll be showing you the way.”
Ryan looks left and right, looking for the owner of the voice. Lynda’s mother points to the flying robot right before them. Mouth agape, Ryan follows the robot. Flying robots are a known but luxurious technology that is rare to see in daily life—certainly not in the daily life of a commoner like Ryan.
The waiting room is more like a narrow, long hallway that ends with a few empty chairs. One of the chairs is occupied by a man in black suit. When they get closer, he turns out to be Senator. Staring at his wristwatch, he plucks his lower lip with alternating fingers as though it were the string of a guitar.
“Have a seat, please,” the flying robot offers.
“Oh, the hero is here,” Senator says. “Come soldier. Your place is next to me,” he continues with a generous tone.
Ryan turns to the other side.
Lynda’s mother has taken a seat on the furthest chair from Senator. Perhaps I should sit with her, Ryan wonders. Holding the handheld game console, she avoids eye contact. Ryan turns to Senator when he hears him patting on the seat. He sits with Senator eventually, hesitation obvious from his every move.
“Can I offer you a refreshment?” the flying robot asks Ryan.
“Ah… do you…might please have some juice, like… apple juice? Please.”
“One glass of apple juice, coming,” the robot says, and with that its top slides around, and a glass of apple juice magically appears.
Amazed, Ryan picks up the glass and takes a sip of the magical beverage. It tastes like any other apple juice.
Senator checks the time on his wristwatch again.
“What is that we are waiting for, exactly?” Ryan finally dares to ask.
“Young man, you are about to see the great man who runs the entire corporation. Not many people have the lifetime honor of meeting him. He is like… like the Steve Jobs of the virtual reality industry. You’ll see in a minute.”

Twenty minutes later, Senator has fallen asleep. Tilting the glass practically upside down, Ryan tries to catch the last drop of the juice. Senator wakes up when the flying robot announces: “The president will see you now.”
“Finally,” Senator says, picking up his leather briefcase from the other chair.
The light pours out when the sliding door opens. While fixing his tie, Senator enters. Lynda’s mother rushes to go next when the flying robot blocks her way.
“Excuse me, ma’am. I’m only authorized to receive Senator Honestman and Mr. Ryan Public.”
“But I’m Lynda’s mother.”
“I’m sorry, ma’am. May I suggest you go back home and wait for the news?”
“I’ll go nowhere without my daughter,” she states firmly, sitting on the chair next to the entrance.
Standing by the door, Ryan cannot take his eyes off her.
“Please proceed, Mr. Ryan,” the flying robot insists and with that Lynda’s mother turns to him.
“You’re my only hope, son,” she softly whispers to Ryan, putting the handheld game console in his hand. “Save my Lynda.”
“Soldier,” Senator calls from inside the presidential room.
“I’ll come back with Lynda. I promise,” Ryan says and enters the room.
The sliding door closes behind him, leaving Lynda’s mother alone in the waiting room, which now appears much darker.
The President
Grabbing the marble edge, a tall man hops out of the glass-bottomed swimming pool on the balcony of the presidential room. Muscles pop out from every corner of his body, including his inner thighs, which resemble those of NFL football players. He does not have any kind of swimwear on, au naturel. Two beautiful young women in bikinis help him put on a fuzzy white chenille robe. Kneeling before him, one of them ties the robe belt around his waist while smiling and maintaining eye-contact. He thanks her by patting her head.
The glass door opens, and the beefy man enters, escorted by the two gorgeous girls.
“Senator. Sorry to keep you waiting,” he says in his most formal voice. “Doctor’s orders. You’d understand if you ever had a bad back.”
“Here is the next soldier,” Senator replies with an agitated tone, pointing to Ryan. He unbuttons his suit and sits on the corner of a 4-seater, leather couch. Clothed in a suit of the same color, he appears united with the dark blue sofa. With his right hand, he pushes in the yellow pocket square that pokes out from his chest pocket.
A 2-yard-wide creek that runs below the spacious room’s glass floor separates Senator from Ryan, who stands next to seven modest chairs facing the sofa. The creek starts from the royal desk at the top of the room and disappears near the balcony, where the man in the robe stands with the two attractive girls.
“Oh, Mr. Ryan Public. It’s a true pleasure to meet you.” The huge man extends his hand. Standing still, he is about nine to ten feet away. After an awkward moment, Ryan impulsively approaches him, his right hand extended. When shaking hands, Ryan feels his hand is being devoured. This was the same feeling he had as a child when shaking hands with his dads—i.e., mom’s boyfriends.
“You know me?” Ryan says excitedly, eyes dilated.
“Are you kidding? The 4th highest score in Mars II. The 3rd place in last year’s national game competition. And not to mention, the only gamer who has ever finished all the levels in Jupiter IX. You are absolutely my personal hero, Mr. Public.”
“Thank you. And… and you are?”
“James Mo-ney, the producer of the aforementioned games. But you can call me President. Kidding. Ha Ha Ha. Call me Mr. Mo-ney. It’s spelled like money, but it’s pronounced mow-nay. It’s French. Do you know any French?”
“No.”
“Any French kiss?”
“Ah…—”
“Yeah, you do, you dog. Ha Ha Ha. I like you, Mr. Public. You and I are alike. I can see one day you would become a great producer like me. Yeah, I know, I know; nobody knows who the producer is. I might not get the well-deserved credit for creating those worlds, but I do get the final reward,” he says, his arms wrapped around the necks of the two girls. “That glass-bottomed pool alone costs seven million dollars.”
Gesturing to the pool, President turns toward the balcony. The two girls turn as well. Ryan’s gaze, however, is glued to them.
“Wow!” Ryan exclaims.
“Wow indeed. Wanna try?” President asks, arms still wrapped around the two girls. They both smile at Ryan.
“Which one?” Ryan asks, feeling butterflies in his stomach. His gaze wanders between the two girls in bikinis, never quite settling on either.
“The pool.”
“Oh,” Ryan says, letting out a relaxed breath. “No, I’m good.”
“Come on. You gotta try it. Girls, help him change.”
“No, no, no. Really,” Ryan insists, pulling up his pants. “Thank you.”
“Seriously. Mi piscina es tu piscina. Anytime you want.”
“That’s OK.”
“Alexi, take a note,” President tells the voice assistant. “A free entrance to the glass-bottomed swimming pool in Uranus for Mr. Ryan Public.”
“In Uranus?!”
“You’re gonna love it. I’ve ordered the coders to make an exact replica. It is actually better than the real one since there will be no pollution or fog so you could actually see the city while swimming.” President approaches his royal desk, and the two girls follow. The light-brown partners desk resembles the Resolute desk in the White House. Behind it is a large portrait of President holding the Earth in his palm.
“Wow!” Ryan exclaims.
“Wow indeed. Wanna try it now?” President asks, picking up an erect silver rod from his desk.
“Can I?”
“Here.” President hands over the one-feet-long rod. “Insert this wireless connector and you will be in the game instantly.”
“Insert?!” bewildered Ryan asks, holding the thick rod in his hand.
“That would go into your anus.”
The girls are no longer smiling.
Ryan takes a step back, his butt clenched. “Ah… Ah… I… Is…”
“Kidding,” President says, roaring in laughter. “You should have seen the look on your face. It’s priceless.” The girls too fake a laugh with him.
Holding the rod in his hand, Ryan watches President laugh at his own joke. 
Senator does not seem amused. Holding his wristwatch before his face, he stares at it with grinding teeth. With every second that President’s laughter drags on the furrows on Senator’s brow grow deeper and deeper.
“It’s just a rod made of aluminum,” President says finally, trying to stop his laughter. “Best 100 bucks I’ve ever spent. Here. This wireless helmet is the magic that interfaces your brain to Uranus.”
“As long as it does not interface to yours.”
“To mine?… You mean like… Oh. Ho Ha Ha Ha. I get it now. Your-anus. Ha Ha Ha. It’s funny. It’s funny and smart. I like you, Mr. Public. I can see one day you’ll become a great me.”
“Speaking of Uranus—” Senator jumps in, gesturing to his wristwatch.
“Oh, yes. The matter at hand. That’s where I hand things off to Michele,” he says, pointing to a 30-ish-year-old woman, who has been silently observing from the back. “I might be the hottest person in the room, but not the smartest. Ha Ha Ha. Michele here is the brain, the CTO of the Uranus project, the one who knows everything from the top to the bottom. One of the best female leaders in our industry. Michele, all yours. Oh, and she is also a lesbian, although I’ve yet to see a video to back that up.” President winks at Michele. She responds with a bitter smile and quickly turns away, approaching Ryan.
“Mr. Public. It’s a pleasure to meet you,” she says, extending her hand.
Alternative Reality World
“I would be happy to walk you through our process,” Michele tells Ryan. “But first tell me, how much do you already know about Uranus?”
Sitting on his desk with his legs wide open, President starts eating chicken drumsticks that appeared out of nowhere on his desk. One of the girls holds a napkin for him and the other a glass of Coke.
Trying not to look at President’s crotch, Ryan replies, “Uranus? Not much. Only as far as the rumors go. That… ah… that it will be a huge advancement in virtual reality games, apparently by directly transmitting the rendered video game into the brain, entirely skipping the eye as the interface. Doesn’t it?”
“Well, the rumors are only half true. Uranus is not just an advancement. It is a technological revolution. Not only is the rendered video game directly transmitted to the visual and audio receptors in the brain, but also using an induced coma the neurons are tricked not to be able to distinguish between the signals that are received from the real world and the signals coming from the game.”
Mouth agape, the expression on Ryan’s face grows more and more amazed.
“We call it the Alternative Reality,” President says through a mouth full of chicken.
“Alternative Reality!… Meaning?”
“Meaning that once you step into the game,” Michele continues, “there is no way for you to tell whether you are in the game or in the real world.”
“That sounds freaking awesome! It will be like… ah… like a dream then?”
Michele and President share a glance.
“More than a dream actually,” she continues, “as in you could wake up from a dream if someone wakes you.”
For a moment, Ryan appears to have forgotten how to breathe. He can no longer hear his heart beating. He can feel the moisture in his mouth rapidly vaporizing away. His throat craving for water, Ryan gulps and with that the time resumes. His enthusiasm for Uranus is now, however, replaced with an unfamiliar fear in a matter of seconds. “And you cannot wake up from Uranus?!” he asks, his voice tight.
“Well, here is where it gets tricky. Since the gamer is in an induced coma, any external attempt to wake her could transition her into a persistent vegetative state.”
“For how long?”
“Forever. That would be a permanent coma.”
Ryan, face white with fear, swallows hard against the lump in his throat. Feeling weak in his knees, he sits on the chair behind him. He realizes that he is sitting on the handheld game console. Holding it before him, he stares at its screen, imagining Lynda trapped in it. She screams for help, but her begging voice stops at the game’s screen. She hopelessly tries to break the screen with her little fists.
“But that’s only if someone tries to wake the gamer,” Michele continues, bringing Ryan to attention. “If the gamer exits the game voluntarily, the induced coma will wear off naturally and the gamer will be back to real reality.”
“Then why doesn’t Lynda exit Uranus?” Ryan asks, the eyes still on the handheld game console.
“It’s not as easy as one might think. Why don’t you exit Earth?”
“What?!” Ryan turns to Michele. “What are you talking about? I’m not in a damn game.”
“Are you sure?”
“Sure, I’m sure. I’ve been playing video games all my life. I know what’s reality and this is it,” Ryan says, holding up his empty hand. “Yes. I’m sure.”
“So is Lynda.”
Letting out a long breath of despair, Ryan sinks back in his chair. 
Michele continues, “The gamer would know she’s in the game, as all the other testers did, if she remembers the inception, the moment she has entered the game. Our conjecture is that, somehow, Lynda doesn’t.”
Leaning back his head on the top rail, he stares at the ceiling, which is decorated with lights, security cameras, as well as black intercom speakers. A hopeless silence reigns the room for a while. The intercom speakers!
Ryan springs off the chair, excited about an idea that just occurred to him.
“Can’t we just remind her? There must be an interface designed for communicating with the gamers. All other games have it.”
“All other games are not uncanny replicas of reality,” she says, pride waving in her voice. “Uranus is designed to be an Alternative Reality. If such an interface doesn’t exist in real life, it cannot exist in Uranus’s design either.”
“OK, then. Change the freaking design,” Ryan says, frustrated. “Update the system. This is somebody’s life we’re talking about.”
“We are aware of the acute situation, Mr. Public. Especially that the person of interest is the daughter of Senator Honestman, one of the most powerful men in Congress and a close friend to our President.”
“Good. Do it then.”
Staring at the floor, Michele does not say anything for a few moments. “Let me ask you a question, Mr. Public,” she says, looking up. “How many times have you been affected by a hack while playing a game?”
“Countless times. The more popular the game, the more active the hackers are.”
“Did it affect your suspension of disbelief?”
“Hell, yeah. It was all messed up. Excuse me, but how is this related to—”
“We cannot afford such experience in Uranus,” she says, her voice rising, “which is designed to be a flawless replica of reality. Uranus shall not be hacked, ever.” Michele finishes, her clenched fists pointing at Ryan.
Ryan gulps, scooting back into his chair. “Yeah. Down with the hackers. So…”
“So we have disabled the updates. If a system cannot be updated—”
“It cannot be hacked either,” Ryan and Michele say in unison.
“How did…ah… Can you even do that?” Ryan asks.
“That is actually one of the patented innovations in Uranus,” Michele responds proudly. “Every step of Uranus is instrumented with a hard-coded nuance of the entire game. Any change in Uranus, even if it is as small as a bit flip, will be detected, putting the entire system at a halt.”
Ryan’s amazement of the level of sophistication in Uranus gradually turns into agitation when he realizes there is no door left open. “For God’s sake,” he says, standing up, “Then how could we possibly remind a live gamer that the game is not real, without any pre-existing communication channel?”
“Well, that’s where you come in, soldier,” Senator says from behind.
“I’m a gamer, not a coder.” Ryan turns to Senator.
“Indeed,” Michele says. “You are a gamer. And a gamer can speak with another gamer, as we do now in real life. That would not need a reprogram of Uranus.”
“That does make sense. The universe of the game is shared. Then why haven’t you done that already?”
“Mr. Public. What would you say if I tell you you are in the game now? What would you say if I tell you none of this is real?”
Ryan pinches himself until it hurts. “I’d say piss off.”
“So would Lynda.”
Ryan is frozen for a few moments, trying to imagine himself in Lynda’s position.
“Such an unbelievable message has to be delivered by someone you trust,” Michele continues, “someone with a preexisting emotional connection at the subconscious—”
“Why don’t you send in Mr… Senator then?” Ryan interjects over his shoulder, his thumb pointing to Senator.
“Mr. Public. This mission is not free of danger. The game is still in its prototype phase and we are not fully aware of how a person’s perception of reality changes once they step into the game. Lynda’s mother has actually volunteered from the very beginning to carry out this mission, but this is a risk that we cannot take with amateur gamers. It has to be a pro, and it has to be the best.”
“I’m not the best. I just lost to—”
“You are indeed one of the best. There is no place for false humility here. And I understand that you are romantically involved with Lynda?”
“I was,” Ryan responds, looking at the handheld console in his hand, “until she—”
“That makes you a perfect candidate for this mission. You’re like a well-trained soldier whose heart beats for his country, as Senator Honestman would put it.”
“That’s right, soldier,” Senator says from behind.
A mission to serve my country, Ryan thinks, and to save my Lynda. I’ll be the national hero who wins Lynda’s heart back. “All right. I’m game. When do we start?”
“How about now?” Michele asks. “Alexi, Bring me case 911.”
“Should I first give my Grandma a call?”
“You should,” President says, “if you’re not an adult.”
“I am. I’m not a kid anymore.”
The sound of gears grinding fills up the space. Some thick, metal walls rise from around the floor, surrounding Ryan, along with Michele and Senator. Feeling trapped, Ryan watches President gradually disappear behind the rising walls. Indifferent to the shape-shifting of his office, while watching the two half-naked girls making out, he takes another bite of the oil-dripping drumstick.
The natural light dimming out, the artificial blue lights that cover the inner surface of the walls dominate the space around Ryan. The rising walls bend eventually, creating a dome that isolates the three from the outside world, with no apparent exit.
A trap door slides opens and a white recliner rises through it. With all the health monitors attached to its bottom side, the IV bag hanging above it, and all the weird devices around it that Ryan does not recognize, it less resembles a recliner than an ICU bed or an operating table.
Lynda is lying on it, unconscious. She looks quite disturbed with wisps of gray hair on her temples poking out from under her black helmet.
“Oh, my God! What happened to her?” Ryan says, running toward her.
“Alexi, bring a new lab,” Michele calls, indifferent to Ryan’s emotional burst. “Life in Uranus is not easy on Lynda,” she continues, “which doesn’t help her age well.” Touching Ryan on the shoulder, she looks him in the eye. “We need to hurry up, Ryan. I don’t know how longer she can hold on,” she whispers and turns away.
Another white recliner rises from the floor, next to Lynda’s lab. A lab?! Ryan wonders. As in laboratory?!
“Why is it called a lab?” he asks with a bewildered face, turning to Michele. “Do you run experim—”
Michele buttons a white coat that she has just put on. The stains of blood scattered all over sends a shiver down Ryan’s spine. Resembling a butcher, only a cleaver is missing from her hand to complete the picture. 
Ryan wants to say something only to find his throat dry as dust. He swallows hard against the lump in his throat. It helps but only a little. His lips are parting to express the terrifying doubt that is growing in his heart when something is slapped on his head.
“And there’s your game helmet,” Michele says, indifferent, or at least oblivious, to the terror that has twisted Ryan’s face.
While looking up, Ryan cautiously touches his new head. The flying robot that has put the helmet on him hovers above.
His head feels heavy but not because of the helmet’s weight. It is as if an ocean of energy is raining on his brain. He is no longer even sure if his head is still there. Although his fingers touch the slippery surface of the helmet, it is like the helmet has devoured his head, taking possession of his thoughts.
Michele shows the white recliner, waiting for Ryan to lie on it.
Ryan knows that he wanted to say something but somehow does not remember exactly what. He tries hard to find his chain of thoughts that is being buried among the constant waves of information poured on it.
A few moments pass. Michele’s insisting hand is still gesturing to the recliner. Ryan finds his feet obliging, stepping forward. He attempts to resist at first but eventually gives in. Before he knows, he realizes that he is lying on the recliner. OK, then, he thinks. I guess we are doing this.
“Alrighty,” Michele says, “Alexi, start the—”
“Wait,” Ryan shouts, jumping up. “Don’t you give me a character description? What is she in this game? What will I be?”
“Her name is Lynda,” she says as a hologram of Lynda appears in the middle of the room. Lynda, sitting on her bed in her underthings, is sewing a light blue dress.
Look how lovely she looks, Ryan thinks to himself. His courage plucked up, he imagines himself sitting next to her, filling the empty place on her bed.
“You’ll get your character description in the first few minutes that the game is loading into your brain,” Michele continues. “Now, just take a deep breath, relax, lie back, and close your eyes.”
“Lynda is her name! What will be mine?” Ryan asks, lying back on the recliner.
“You will be Ms. Gonzales. Again, you’ll get all that during the initialization phase. Ready?”
Ryan falls into a coma before he says yes.
The Prom Game, Take 2
Lynda drops the almost-empty bottle of Diazepam and watches it fall nine floors onto the concrete-paved sidewalk. Still wearing her light blue party dress, she is on the balcony of her room, one leg over the railing. Having no more tears to shed, she stares at the night traffic, nine stories below. From up there, the shiny cars look like nothing but small toys. Vroom. Vroom. She hears in her head the sound of a kid playing with those toy cars.
Leaning forward, she ignores the entreaty of the breeze that blows up from the street, pushing her back inside.
“This is just a video game,” Lynda hears unexpectedly from behind. She screams while turning back to the voice.
“Ms. Gonzales! What are you doing in my room, at this hour? Don’t get close or I jump.”
“It’s OK,” Ms. Gonzales says, taking a step back. “It’s OK. I’m not getting close.”
“Wasn’t today your day off?” Lynda asks, willing her voice to calm. 
Ms. Gonzales has always been a reliable shoulder to cry on. A good listener to whom Lynda has told all about her most private feelings, the stuff that Mom could never understand.
“I came only for you,” Ms. Gonzales says like an angel who has just dropped down from the sky. “Listen, Lynda. You shouldn’t let these things upset you.”
“I finally found love,” Lynda says in a most depressive voice, “and I lost it—”
“Good. I happen to know a young man named Ryan who’s still madly in love with you.”
“—to that bitch Chhaya. Can you believe it? She didn’t even make it to the prettiest list in the yearbook.”
“He loves the passion you have to win games. The way you care about these little things, and the way he can make you feel better afterward. The way you giggle out of pity when he tries to be funny. The way you stood up to that jerk, Billy. The way you made his heart smile.”
“Billy who? What’re you talking about? I’m talking about Michael, the most popular guy in our school, a TikTok legend, over a million followers. Do you understand?”
“I understand, but—”
“From tomorrow on, every time I walk into our high school, my classmates will point me out to each other. ‘Look, that’s Lynda, the loser that Michael dumped.’”
“Lynda. None of these matters,” Ms. Gonzales says louder, running out of patience.
“Are you even listening to me?” Facing the street, Lynda throws her other leg over the railing.
“This. This city. This life. Your Prom. Your Date. The yearbook, and its stupid lists and rankings. None of them matters.” She looks Lynda directly in the eye. “It’s just a game, Lynda,” she continues, her voice begging to be believed. “It’s just a game.”
Pulling herself closer to the balustrade, Lynda turns back to Ms. Gonzales. 
A smile cracking on her face, Ms. Gonzalez takes a step forward, offering a hand of help.
Closing her eyes, Lynda takes a moment to wrap her head around what she just heard and why Ms. Gonzales speaks so weirdly tonight. She takes a deep breath and opens her eyes when a sad smile appears on her face. “Yeah, it’s all a game,” she says, looking over her shoulder down at the concrete-paved sidewalk, nine stories below. “A game in which I am a loser.”
Lynda jumps off the balcony.
“No-o-o-o,” Ms. Gonzales screams, unsuccessfully springing to the railing to grab Lynda at the last moment. Ms. Gonzales falls to her knees when she hears the crash. Holding the bars of the balustrade, she bursts into tears. “I want out,” she cries. “Game over. I want out of this damn game,” she says before passing out on the balcony.
Reincarnation
The hologram of Ms. Gonzales passed out on the balcony gradually fades away from the center of the room.
The hurricane of energy in his brain has settled, leaving Ryan behind like a damaged boat drifting in an endless sea. Although the game is no longer policing his thoughts and dreams, it has left a quantum of grief in every single cell of his body and a scratch of despair on his heart that will surely leave a scar when it heals, if ever.
Ryan wakes up from the game, his face wet with tears. His mind is once again free to breathe. To ponder. And all he can think about is the last image of Lynda and the never-ending sorrow in her eyes.
Ryan becomes more and more aware of the helmet on his head; an alien entity that is not of his flesh and is not governed by his soul. Sitting up in the recliner, he slowly takes off the game helmet with so much pain it is as if he separates his head instead. He covers his face with his hands when he fails to hold back the sob that is gradually taking over.
“It’s OK, Ryan,” Michele says, touching him on the shoulder. “It was just a game.”
“I know that,” Ryan shouts, still crying. “You don’t have to tell me.”
“Why are you crying then?”
“Is she up already?” Ryan asks, wiping his tears with his hand.
“Well… No, of course. She didn’t exit the game. You saw her suicide, didn’t you?”
Ryan nods.
“She is still in the induced coma,” Michele says, “over hear.”
Turning to Lynda’s recliner, Ryan notices her nose. “Blood. Blood!” he screams. “She’s bleeding.”
“This is expected after a suicide,” Michele says indifferently while wiping the blood with a napkin.
“That was in the game!” Ryan exclaims, almost accusing Michele.
“The physics of it, yes,” Michele responds, her gaze on Lynda. “But the mental pressure of the brain experiencing death is all real. There is no virtual brain… or heart for that matter. The same brain is shared between the two worlds.”
She throws the bloody napkin on top of the others that are piled up in the trash bin attached to Lynda’s recliner. Ryan gulps in fear and his gaze falls again on the gray hairs on Lynda’s temple and then on her twisted face that is screaming pain.
“So, if she’s not dead in real life,” he asks Michele, his worried eyes fixed on Lynda, “but she’s dead in the game, so… then…”
“Her character is dead. That doesn’t qualify her for the exit. Now, she will be playing another character.”
“Reincarnation!” Ryan guesses.
“That’s actually what I named the sub-module,” a male voice says from behind.
“Who the hell are you?” Ryan asks, turning to the man that is tied to an ergonomic office chair.
“That would be the chief coder of Uranus,” Michele responds, taking special pleasure in saying the word ‘coder’.
“The correct title is software engineer,” the coder says, “and I’m the creator of Uranus.”
“Don’t flatter yourself,” Michele snaps. “You just coded my intelligent design.”
“Intelligent design! Since when is the requirement sheet called a design?” the coder sneers and follows that with nervous laughter. “Oh, I love working here, with little people full of themselves.” The forced laughter quickly wears off, leaving the tone of hatred in his voice undisguised. “You know what? It’s always been like this. We, software engineers, create the system and you executives claim the credit. Without us, you’re nothing, but a stinky, all-mouth babbler who—”
“Excuse me for breaking your warm speech,” Senator objects, deep furrows on his brow. “But we do have a mission to accomplish.” 
“Why’s he tied up?” Ryan asks, pointing to the coder.
“We strongly suspect,” Michele responds, “that the gamer’s inability to exit the game might be due to an intentional software bug to sabotage the product. He will be in our custody until the investigation concludes.”
“Is it really necessary to tie him up like that?” Ryan asks, a note of compassion in his voice.
“President’s direct order,” she responds, her voice emptied of sympathy. “An indignant software engineer is more dangerous than a wounded bear, a fact well known in our industry. You have no idea what this freak is capable of once he has his hands on a computer keyboard.”
“You miserable executives,” the coder growls, his voice hardened by probabely a long-suppressed hatred. “This is an obvious case of retaliation. I’m the usual target because I backed up my poor Intern in the sexual harassment lawsuit against President. Political; is what this is. It has nothing to do with my engineers’ competence. My hardworking, loyal team and I delivered exactly what your requirement sheet had specified. You just—”
“How can she exit the game,” Ryan interrupts the seemingly never-ending speech, fed-up with the rivalry between the two, “Mr… hmm, Mr. Creator?”
“Same way you did,” the coder responds, immediately calmed down after being addressed by his correct title.
“Same way I did?!”
“She just needs to want to exit. That’s all. Then the next time she hibernates, she exits the game.”
“Hibernate? Like a… like a polar bear?”
“No,” the coder sneers. “Hibernate is what software engineers call sleep. This is the time when 99% of Uranus connectors detach from the brain. It’s all up to her if she wants to disconnect the last 1% and wake up on Earth or reattach all of them again and wake up in Uranus instead.”
“Correct. That’s what my design specified,” Michele confirms. “But due to some coding glitch that we don’t fully understand yet,” she says, giving the coder a meaningful look, “somehow the gamers aren’t able to fully disconnect the last 1%.”
“There’s no glitch in my creation,” the coder roars in fury. “It does what it’s asked to do. You’re just jealous of my world. You’re jealous that she prefers to be asleep in my fantasy rather than be awake in your reality.”
“Don’t flatter yourself, ‘My world’, ‘My creation’” Michele spits, mimicking the coder.
“Yes. My world. And the only reason that the gamer might not completely detach from it, is that she doesn’t really want to.”
“Why wouldn’t she want to, Mr. Creator?” Ryan asks, deliberate on the flattering title. It works like a charm, again, calming the coder promptly like a bear that is shot with a tranquilizer gun.
The coder lets out a long sigh. “That is the nature of human beings,” he says as if he is beyond them. “They take games seriously. The more realistic it is, the more attached they are to the game. I was tasked to create a game as realistic as life, and that’s what I delivered. Of course, the gamers don’t want to detach from it. Who would want to detach from life?”
“But she did kill herself in the game,” Ryan says, his voice trembling. He gulps to swallow down the sob that is building up by the reminder of her suicide.
“She accepted her defeat, and that is not the same thing. She still believes in the game with all her heart. Even when she dies, she’s still attached to the game.”
“Aargh!” Ryan holds his head between his hands. “You guys are confusing me with all the jargon.” He notices something is missing: the slippery surface of the helmet. It sits on the recliner, winking at Ryan. Although Ryan is relieved of the game messing around in his brain, its absence has left a gaping hole in him that has not filled up yet. His mind craves for its presence, no matter how frightening it might become.
“Let me put it this way, Coder,” Senator says, stepping into the light. “Here are the rules of my game.” Cracking his knuckles, he approaches the coder. He now acts more like a mafia boss than a politician. “You’ll be tied to this chair as long as my daughter lies on that. The sooner we figure the issue with Uranus and my daughter successfully exits the game, the sooner you’ll be released. Now, your roll. Game away.” Senator finishes with his head awfully near the coder’s.
“OK, kid,” the coder says, turning his face away from Senator. “You wanna make her exit the game, you gotta play it.”
“I was. You saw it, didn’t you?”
“Nope. You were just acting back there. To truly play the game, you gotta stick with the character’s definition. Let me ask you this. Would you take advice from a financial advisor who doesn’t wear a suit and instead comes to his office in sweatpants? Or a doctor who dances the tango in the hospital?”
“No.”
“No-o-o-o,” the coder continues. “Because in society we expect a rational person to act within the limits of their persona. Once they don’t abide by the rules of the game, we assume they’re crazy.”
The helmet smiles at Ryan, inviting him to lie with it on the recliner. Ryan finds little to no resistance in him. “So, what should I do?” he asks, striding toward it across the room.
“Whatever you do in the game, always stick to your character. People, including Lynda, will ignore you otherwise, like you are demented.”
Ryan hops on the recliner. Eager as a junkie missing his drug, he snatches the helmet and slaps it on his head. His eyes bug out when the transmission begins. It is a bit painful, but the kind of pain that Ryan no longer rejects. “All right then,” he says, all energized. “Let the game begin.” He lies back on the recliner.
Leaning on the recliner, Michele whispers to Ryan, “Lynda is not doing well, Ryan. Her heart is giving up. I need you to really focus this time. This could be our last shot.”
“You can count on me,” Ryan says, “I’ll play as if it is GameCon’s final match.”
“Good. And…,” Michele adds, “Maybe try not to die yourself.” Straightening up, she steps away.
“What?!”
“We have reasons to believe that after reincarnation the gamer might fail to remember that he’s in the game. Ready?”
“What happens if I do die in the game?” Ryan asks, crunching up.
“And… Go,” Michele says and with that Ryan passes out.
FriendFace Engineer
“Do you need a tissue?” the manager asks, his apathetic voice contradicting his words.
Lynda nods while trying to swallow the sob that is stuck in her throat. She bursts out crying the moment her hand touches the tissue box. Snatching one sheet of tissue paper, she rubs it against her face that is soaked with tears.
Holding out the tissue box, the manager stares at her with an indifferent look.
“Come on, don’t be that way,” he says with the same unsympathetic voice.
Lynda’s cry amplifies. Extending his hand, the manager offers more tissue. She takes a bunch.
“You know, you have a lot of space for improvement,” the manager continues. “If you could finish a universal testing framework for Magneto by the end of the half, I believe we could get you a Meets All rating.”
The remark slaps Lynda in the face. She is now more angry than upset.
“That’s what you said last half,” she spits, leaning forward a bit.
“Well, I didn’t give any promise.” He sinks back into his chair. “I was very careful about that. You know that at FriendFace, the manager does not have full control over the rating. First, we have to take the peer review into consideration and then it goes through the calibration process, and—”
“I had to work on Christmas to finish Magneto before the second half’s performance review cycle. I haven’t seen my mom in nine months.”
“Well, I’m certainly sorry to hear that. I understand you must feel bad about it. But you know at FriendFace we don’t force engineers to work after hours. That’s a personal choice for each engineer to make on her own.”
“You said if I finish Magneto I could get a Meets All rating this half. How else is one supposed to finish such a large project in six months?”
“Well, I understand that this is hard. And I sympathize with you. FriendFace indeed has a hard-working culture. But at the same time, it’s very tough to get into. A lot of software engineers would kill just to get an interview with us.”
“So, what’s the problem? I did what you asked me to do. Magneto is ready, and I finished it before New Year’s Eve, like you asked me to.”
“I understand that you must feel disappointed, and I sympathize with you. You did a good job, and you delivered the project on time, and now you would like to get the credit for it. But it is also true that the performance rating at FriendFace depends on many parameters such as peer reviews, the calibration process—”
“Yes. Yes. You said that already. A thousand times.”
“Well, I understand that you must feel frustrated. And I sympathize with you. The thing is that the expectation from a software engineer at your level is to be somewhat independent—”
“I was,” she yells. “I was independent. I did it all by myself. There was no one else in the project.”
“I see your point of view and I understand how you must feel about it. The thing is that… oh, and I sympathize with you. But… hmm… how should I put it delicately? You see, the project is composed not only of the coding part—which you did an excellent job there, by the way, Kudos on that, top-notch stuff—but also of the design phase.”
“I did the design too,” she screams, almost jumping up from her chair.
The manager grips the tissue box firmly, holding it up like a weapon.
“Yeah,” he says and clears his throat. “Okay. Hmm. Yeah. The thing is that…ah…during the calibration process, the committee felt…ah…felt that the credit for the design should mostly go to your collaborators. Well, in such situations—”
“What collaborators?” she yells. “Gary?! All he did was give me a requirement sheet at the beginning of the half. That’s not the design. I did the design, all by myself.”
“I understand how you feel, and I sympathize with that. Nevertheless—”
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Lynda says and storms out of the conference room, slamming the door behind her.
Sitting behind his desk, Gary stares at her with a smug smile, holding a black toy monkey before him.
“Look who’s back. Another hallucinated code monkey who thinks she is a designer too. Aren’t you cute, you little monkey?” Gary says in baby talk while playing with the monkey’s lips, his eyes still on Lynda.
“I’m sorry honey, but I was in a horrible meeting,” the manager says on the phone. Privacy behind the thin walls of the conference rooms at FriendFace is a corny joke that has stopped being funny a long time ago.
“Guess who’s back? Guess who’s back? Guess who’s back? Da Ra Da Ra Da,” Gary sings his awful impression of Eminem.
Lynda hears him while slowly leaving the area with fresh tears finding their way out on her face.

The door to the rooftop is ajar. The big, red stop sign on it says ‘Staff only. Do NOT Enter.’ The wind moving the door back and forth, its rusty joins make a horrifying scream.
Lynda is at the edge of the rooftop, the tip of her toes over the edge. Leaning forward, she watches the swarm of coders, a lunch box in their hands, standing in line to get into their shuttle. From above, they look like ants; tiny hard-working ants that know nothing about life but working and working and working.
A wind blows from below and pushes Lynda back.
“You don’t want to do that,” a voice says from the right.
Turning to the voice, Lynda sees a Black janitor who is still wearing his yellow cleaning gloves.
“Says who?” Lynda sneers, looking at the toilet plunger that he holds. “… And why not?”
“If you get hurt in the game, you will be hurt in real life too.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“I mean… I mean your soul. Yeah, you would damage your soul.”
“My soul is damaged already. Who are you again?”
“Hmm… a janitor, I guess,” Ryan—in janitor’s character—says, looking at the toilet plunger in his hand.
“And you thought you would come up here, lecture me, a software engineer?” Lynda asks the rhetorical question, letting arrogance dominate her voice.
“Listen, Lynda,” Ryan says in begging voice, “The rating they gave you is… is… is just bullshit. Who cares what FriendFace thinks? It’s just a number, a meaningless number.”
“A meaningless number that determines if you’ll get a promotion or get fired. This is the second time I missed the Meets All rating.”
“Who cares?” Ryan says, dismissing Lynda’s arguments with an airy wave.
“I care,” Lynda responds, losing her temper. “Celeste cares. Anand, Horatiu, Rajneesh, Haixin, all my colleagues care. What will they be thinking of me when I get fired?”
“I understand—”
“Do you? You’re a janitor for God’s sake. Your whole ambition in life is to keep your shitty, minimum-wage job.”
Looking hurt, Ryan slowly hides the toilet plunger behind him. “I might not be a coder—”
“Software engineer,” she bursts out. “I’m a software engineer, goddamn it. I didn’t bust my ass four years at Berkeley just to end up being a code monkey. I’m a software engineer, you understand?”
“Yes, yes. I’m sorry. You are an engineer, a software one. I get it now. But… you are also young and smart. Your whole future is ahead of you. Give it time. You’ll forget about all this. I bet in time you’ll be able to even laugh at it. ‘Remember the time I was so depressed just because of the FriendFace’s stupid rating’,” Ryan says, doing his impression of Lynda’s voice.
Lynda chuckles, a slight smile cracking on her face.
“Trust me,” Ryan continues, his voice pumped with confidence. “Good things will turn up.”
“How do you know?” Lynda asks, her voice even.
“I know it. I just do.”
“You know… what was your name again?” Lynda watches Ryan think hard. “OK, never mind, don’t tell me. Your little speech opened my eyes. I now see life differently. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” Ryan responds in hesitation.
“I’m gonna take a leap… of faith and trust the words of wisdom from the janitor I just met on the rooftop. Here, take this.” Lynda takes out all the cash in her wallet and hands it over to the janitor. “It’s… 57 dollars.”
“I didn’t say that for—”
“I know. I know. But I want you to have it. Consider it the overdue Christmas gift.”
Ryan lets Lynda’s hand hang in the air for a few moments.
“Come on. It makes me happy. Take it. Please.”
Still holding the toilet plunger behind him with his left hand, Ryan reluctantly takes the 57 dollars with his right hand, his gaze down on the rooftop.
“Thank you,” Lynda says generously. “Happy New Year. Could you please give me some privacy now? I am about to face my colleagues and I need to freshen up before that.”
“Are you sure? I can stay as long as—”
“Yeah, I’m sure. You can go now. Good job! I’m inspired now. I just need to be strong, and tolerate the shame of this rating, until I’m over it. I think I might just be able to do that.”
“OK, then.” Ryan turns and steps away.
Lynda waits for him to get far enough. “I might just be able to do that,” she continues with a sneer. “The joke’s on me. I don’t think I can,” she says and jumps off the roof, face down on her colleagues that are lined up before their shuttles.

Facing the exit door of the rooftop, Ryan hears her scream. Feeling faint, he leans with his hand against the exit door. “I want out,” he squeaks, resisting tears. “I want to exit this damn game.” He falls to his knees when his sob begins. His head hits the floor and soon he passes out at the exit door of the rooftop.
Janitor
The hologram of the janitor passed out on the roof fades away from the center of the room.
Still lying on the recliner, nevertheless, Ryan is as motionless as a corpse.
Her brows knitting with worry, Michele approaches his recliner. Tears are running down his face, but that does not mean he has exited the game yet. This is probably yet another side effect of his brain experiencing a difficult life in Uranus.
“Ryan. Ryan,” Michele calls him by his name, each time louder. “Ryan. Ryan.”
“Maybe he’s still in the game,” Senator says, standing next to Michele.
“That’s not possible,” she responds, trying to hide the fright in her voice. “All the signals indicate a successful exit.”
“Soldier,” Senator calls and shrugs his shoulders afterwards when he gets no reaction.
“Can you hear us, Ryan?” Michele tries again. “RYAN,” she yells at the top of her voice.
“Janitor,” the coder reluctantly calls from the back, his voice barely louder than a mutter.
And with that Ryan opens his eyes.

His vision still blurry, Ryan sees his mother right above him, blessing him with the same compassionate smile that she always had on her face.
“Thank Goodness,” Michele says, letting out a relaxed breath. “You scared us.”
Ryan rubs his tearful eyes with the back of his hand. He is disappointed to see Michele in place of his late mother. She looks genuinely scared though, as her mother would. In her white coat, Michele now resembles more of a nurse than a butcher—ignoring the dried blood stains on the coat.
“Are you OK?” she asks, touching him on the forehead. “Headache, nausea, or any other symptom?”
More than anything else, he is aware of the game helmet on his head and how much he resents it. He does not remember what he even liked about it in the first place, but again he will also probably forget what he hates about it now. Leaving Michele’s question hanging in the air, his trembling hands slowly reach over his helmet. Taking the devil’s agent off his head, he hands it over to Michele.
Half confused and half worried, Michele takes the helmet and passes it to a flying robot.
Leaning on his hand, Ryan gathers all the strength that is left in him to sit up.
Michele rushes to help him. Senator also joins and lends a hand.
Sitting up on the recliner, Ryan gathers the will to look at Lynda. From experience, his expectations are not high, and he is petrified at what he might see.
Taking a deep breath, he turns to Lynda. He winces right after his gaze falls on her twisted face, the wrinkled skin under her eyes, and her bleeding nose.
“Anything we can get you?” Michele asks, gently touching him on the shoulder.
“How—” Ryan says, his gaze still on Lynda. He takes a hard swallow. “How come I don’t know my name?”
“Your name is Ryan!”
“I mean in the other life,” he says, turning to Michele.
“In the game?” Michele asks, lines in between her eyebrows.
“Yeah, yeah. That’s what I meant. In Uranus.”
“You know you were in a game, right?” she says, looking Ryan directly in the eye with a passion that can only be found in the gaze of a mother.
“I know. I know,” Ryan says, breaking the gaze. “You don’t have to remind me each time.”
“All right then. Maybe… Ah… Maybe your character was suffering from amnesia or something.”
“Okay. Does he?”
“Not that I know of,” Michele says hesitantly, searching through the records of the character profile that appears on the hologram before her.
“It just doesn’t feel right.” Gradually regaining his strength, Ryan stands on his feet. “Something is fishy here,” he says, trudging away from the recliner.
“Something like an intentional glitch?” Michele says and with that everybody turns to the coder.
“Sure, why not? Blame the tied-up software engineer,” the coder says mockingly. “My system does what you asked for, imitating life to the highest precision, and that’s that,” he shouts.
“In real life, we don’t forget who we are,” Ryan says interrogatively, his voice hardened as if has aged several years since the last time he gave himself to Uranus.
“Sure, we do.”
“What?!”
“We identify ourselves with the distorted image that the eyes around us reflect. They say ‘It’s you’, and we believe it. How people view us shapes our perception of who we are.”
“What in heaven’s name are you babbling about?” Ryan asks, frowning. Like a tiger ready to charge, he paces the area before the coder.
“What’s my name?” the coder asks Ryan.
“What?!”
“You heard me. What is my name?”
“Hmm… Coder?”
“Fuck you too. I’m a software engineer. But that’s my profession. I asked for my name?”
“Ah… Is that even relevant?”
“Frankly speaking, I sometimes forget it too. I immerse myself in what my job defines of who I am, so much that sometimes I forget that deep inside there is a suppressed soul in me, with dreams, passion, and a purpose. My profession has become my identity, and it’s hard to define who I am without it. Did you know that I used to be a researcher before selling my soul to this damn corporation? I built a scalable solution to decoding human genomes. By four orders of magnitude, it sped up identifying the genes causing breast cancer. Four. Imagine that! Imagine how many young women are saved, all thanks to me and my selfless research.” Taking a deep breath, the coder licks his lips. “With their breasts intact, au naturel.”
“Don’t old women get breast cancer too?” Ryan mutters, sharing a glance with Michele.
“The point is that,” the coder continues, “I’m more than what this corporation says I am. But somehow, I myself have forgotten me. Who’s the real me and what were his neglected dreams?”
“Are we done with your little group therapy session, Rajneesh?” frustrated Senator growls, deliberate on the name.
“Rajneesh?” Ryan mutters and stops pacing.
“So, his character,” Michele jumps in, “didn’t remember his name because…?”
“Because everybody views him as just a janitor, until the point he himself is forgetting who he really is.”
“Rajneesh!” Ryan exclaims, getting everyone’s attention to him. “Where do I know this name from?” He asks, stroking his chin.
“Nothing. Nowhere,” blurts out Rajneesh, the coder. “I don’t know. Can we move on please?”
“Agreed,” Senator says, his face melting with boredom. “We have a loooong day ahead of us.”
“Why janitor?” Ryan asks Michele, gradually taking his suspicious gaze off Rajneesh.
“Why janitor what?”
“Why did you put me into a janitor?” Squinting his eyes, Ryan strides toward Michele.
“It’s not me. It’s the algorithm,” she says, her voice begging to be believed. “The program is designed to use physical proximity for selecting the host character. There was no one else around. It was either the after-hour janitor or… you preferred to be Gary?”
“Oh, hell no. Not that jerk.” Facing Michele, Ryan pulls himself up on the recliner.
“There you go,” she says, taking a relaxed breath.
“But this time, you gotta readjust it a notch. The parameters for selecting the host character, I mean. I would need a certain level of social prestige, or otherwise, Lynda won’t listen to me. Someone…well educated, perhaps?”
“How does a full professor at Harvard sound?” Michele asks, looking through the characters that are presented in the hologram before her.
“It sounds…awesome! I always dreamed of going to Harvard.” A grin cracking his face, his eyes gleam with excitement. Although he knows by experience about the pain that the game will inflict on him, somehow he has forgotten how it would feel. And somehow—he does not know why—there is a thirst in him to taste the pain again, remember it, and hate it all over again. “Can you do that?”
“Yes, but we gotta hurry up. It seems Lynda will leave her building in 10 minutes.”
“Where is my helmet?” Ryan says, looking around, not even trying to hide his enthusiasm.
A robot slaps the helmet on Ryan’s head. Having his eyes rolled back into his head, the grin on his face grows wider as if a missing organ is reattached to his body.
Ryan picks up the handheld game console and holds it tightly on his chest before lying on the recliner. Hugging the console, he turns his head and looks at Lynda, whose face is still covered in blood. “Hang on, my love. I’m coming for you,” Ryan whispers and sleeps into the game.
Half-full Professor
“You can’t touch my stuff, you bitch,” says the angry voice over the phone.
“Don’t call me that, Lucas. I’m your mother,” Lynda says while covering her eyes, willing her rage to be controlled.
“When you take my piece, you become a bitch, you bitch.”
Lynda’s gaze falls on the NAA Mini-Revolver lying in her open purse on her desk.
“Your piece?!” she says, her voice louder. “This is a weapon, Lucas. It kills people. I cannot allow that.”
“Who the fuck you think you’re talking to, bitch. Allow this, allow that. I’m an adult.”
“You’re 16 years old, for God’s sake,” Lynda yells, her rage unleashed. “What would you need a gun for?”
“I’m a businessman, you b—”
“Aargh!” Lynda smashes the phone handset on its base. 
A few tears find their way out of her eyes, despite her failed attempt to hold them back.
She takes a few deep breaths to unsuccessfully swallow the sob that is crawling up on her throat.
Her wet eyes fall on the gun again. Reaching into her purse, she takes the gun out. This is the first time that she holds a gun. It feels weird. Turning it left and right, she inspects its different parts. The gun is pointing at her when her finger reaches the trigger.
“Was it Lucas?” Lynda hears Sheryl’s harrowing voice. Panicked by that, she hurriedly hides the gun behind the purse.
Sheryl is standing by the office’s door, wearing a disingenuous smile.
“Who?… Why?… Yes. How do you know?” Lynda sputters.
“The whole building could hear you. Is it his drug problems again? Poor Lynda!” Sheryl says, her tone reeking from condescension.
“No, no, no. Lucas doesn’t have a drug problem. It was just that one time, with friends. Mostly their fault. Recreational, it was. That one time. It’s over now. He’s OK. It was recreational.”
While smiling, Sheryl calmly watches Lynda’s misery in saving her prestige. When Lynda finishes, Sheryl says nothing for a few moments, which is like pushing a knife slowly into Lynda’s chest. She finishes that with a big open-mouth smile.
Feeling destroyed, Lynda gulps in desperation. Having no more to say, she turns her gaze down, on the revolver.
“Parenting. It’s such a hard thing, isn’t it?” Sheryl does not know when to shut up.
Lynda’s hand reaches the gun.
“What do you… did you want anything?” Lynda asks, her finger on the trigger.
“I came over to say I’m sorry,” Sheryl says, eyes bright. “But this is Harvard, the university for the best. So… yeah.”
“Did you win the tenure position then?” Lynda asks, a fresh sorrow burning in her voice.
“No. Not yet. Only Dean knows about that. I mean your EuroCom symposium paper.”
“What about it?”
“Oh, you don’t know yet? Poor Lynda. It was rejected. Strongly rejected. Close call.”
“How do you know?”
“You know. I have my connections in the program committee. But don’t feel bad. It was quite competitive this year. Lots of great papers got rejected.”
“Yours too?”
“No,” Sheryl says and leaves promptly, leaving Lynda whimpering in the pain of the invisible bullet that was just shot at her heart. It is worse than an actual bullet. It eats the victim from inside. It kills the soul, draining the last smidgens of hope and love that were nesting in it. Such a despicable crime, and yet nobody goes to jail for it.
Her melancholy mood gradually fading into an unleashed wrath, she breathes heavily like a raging bull. Smashing her clenched fist on the desk, she storms out of her office.

Teeth clenched and eyebrows pulled down together, Lynda storms into the dean’s office, only to find it empty, except for the black suit with gold pinstripes that hangs on the wall. But she is here to talk to the man who hides behind the suit.
Leaving the door agape, she stays in the empty office for a few moments, willing herself to calm. Floor-to-ceiling shelves are filled with PhD dissertations, symposium proceedings, and books, one thicker than the other. The name Prof. Martin Hofstadter shines on the spine of the books that are stacked up on the desk. There must be 12 or 13 of them.
Her heartbeat back to normal, she turns to leave when she meets the dean at the door, surprised and excited. Clothed in a dark gray shirt, his sleeves are rolled up.
“Lynda!” Ryan, in the dean’s persona, says excitedly. “Glad I found you. I need to tell you something.”
Lynda pulls Dean Martin into his office, shutting the door behind.
“No, no, no, I need to talk to you,” she says, stabbing Martin in the chest with her finger.
“You recognize me?!” Ryan asks, pleasantly surprised. Looking down at Lynda, he can smell her hair. Impulsively he takes a deep sniff.
“What do you mean, Martin?”
“Oh, you meant to talk to Martin,” Ryan responds, just remembering his new character, Dean Martin Hofstadter.
“Cut it out, Martin. I’m being serious. I need to know.”
“Let me go first,” Martin says. “It’s really important what I have to say.”
“Martin,” she shouts.
“What?” he asks, jumping back a bit.
“I need to know.”
“What?” he asks louder.
“Will I get it… the tenure position?”
“Oh Lynda, you know the committee’s decision is not final yet. The committee will share their rating in the next meeting, which is when I’ll announce it,” Martin says as if he reads from a manual.
“Cut the crap, Martin,” Lynda growls, stabbing him again with her finger. “The committee is just your puppet, and you know it. Everybody knows it. You wrote the rules. This is your game.”
“Speaking of games,” Martin says, taking a step back to safety. “I really need to talk to you.”
“You owe me, Martin. Don’t change the subject. You owe me that much.”
Martin’s back hits the wall of his small office. He remembers Rajneesh’s advice. Once in the game, he has to play along, or otherwise Lynda would not take him seriously. He should not rush it; just play along, until he finds the right moment to ease Lynda into the truth; that she is just a prisoner, trapped in a game. Yes. That would be the smart play; the rational next move to win this game.
Before the thought has a chance to root, it breaks quickly when Martin reads on Lynda’s face all the pain that she is going through. His aching heart takes charge and pushes the commanding brain back into the visitor seat. He cannot see Lynda going through this agony for any moment longer. He has to tell her, and he has to do it now.
“All right, I’ll tell you. I promise. Honestly. But first I have something much more important to tell you now. Come, sit here. Please… Please… Please.”
“All right, I’m listening.”
Martin takes a deep breath. “It’s all just a game,” he says and pauses, expecting a surprised reaction.
“Of course it is. That is what I just told you. It’s your game. If you can just tell me my rating—”
“No, no, no. That’s not what I meant. I’m not talking about tenure, job, career, and stuff. The whole thing is a game. Everything. Everything you know, you touch, you feel, it’s all just part of the game.”
“What in heaven’s name are you babbling about?”
Closing his eyes, Martin takes a deep breath.
“How many years have we known each other?” he asks, opening his eyes.
“Ever since you hired me as an assistant professor. On April 4th my 8-year contract will be concluded.”
“Do you trust me?”
“Of course I do. I’ve told you things that even my ex doesn’t know about. What’s going on Martin? You’re freaking me out.”
Martin holds Lynda’s hands, directly looking her in the eye.
“What if I tell you this is not the real life? That the entire planet is just a very advanced video game that simulates life with uncanny similarities. That everything happens to us, on this planet, it… just doesn’t matter. It might not be obvious now, but once we have exited the game, once we are awakened in the other life, the real life, then we laugh at how ridiculous it was to take this game seriously.”
Lynda flinches, separating her hand from Martin’s. Tilting her head, she gives Martin a condescending look. 
Breathing heavily, Martin can hear his heart pounding. It beats faster every second that Lynda is silent.
“Really Martin?” she says finally. “Is that supposed to be the gist of the wisdom of Professor Martin Hofstadter, the honorable dean of the department of physics? Religion?—”
“No, no, no. I’m not talking—”
“I’m coming to your office, all miserable and vulnerable, as a friend, asking for help, and you give me what? Religion bullshit.”
“Lynda. Listen to—”
“I asked you a simple question. No, no. You listen to me. I asked you a simple question. After all we have been through, the least you could do is level with me. Am I gonna get it?”
Martin lets out a deep sigh of disappointment. Looking right, he finds the visitor chair in front of his desk, pulls it toward him, and slowly leans back in it. “Your rating is pretty good,” he says reluctantly with a squeaky voice. “It’s actually very impressive in the history of our faculty.”
“So? Will I get the tenure?”
“The thing is that—”
“Oh, not the fucking thing—”
“The ratings of the other two candidates are good too. It’s actually very close. When the game reaches a tie like this, it usually goes in favor of the gamer… ah, I mean the candidate that is more… more… how should one put it?… likable,” Martin says, breaking the gaze.
“And I’m not… likable?” Lynda asks, hatred surfacing on her face.
Biting his lip, Martin looks away.
“Martin,” she calls but doesn’t get a response. “Answer me?” she rages.
“You never credit your colleagues in your papers,” Martin shouts, turning to her again.
“Well… because they never contributed shit. What am I supposed to credit them for?” she shouts back.
“Their students collaborated on the papers,” Martin says, grinding his teeth, “and the rule—”
“And I did credit the students, every single one of them. Students are not slaves of their supervisors so that their masters get repaid with the title credit. What kind of morality shit is that?—”
“Morality is not the issue here.”
“Since when? Comes from the guy who just tried to shove religion bullshit down my throat. On what planet—”
“On this planet,” Martin shouts, slamming his hand on the desk. “That is the rules of this game. That is what I’m trying to tell you. This game… this… this life… it’s nothing but a stupid game. Money, prestige, positions, respect, tenure; They are all nothing. They mean nothing after you exit the game. It’s a game. Get it in your head, Lynda. It’s just a game. It doesn’t matter. It’s not important.”
Out of breath, Martin cannot say another word.
With a blank face, Lynda watches him calm down. Splinters of hurt, rage, and pity briefly make their ways onto her face, never quite settling on it.
“Says the guy who always wins,” she says condescendingly. She slightly leans forward. “Tell me, Martin. Tell me what lines did you cross when you followed the rules of the game, Dean Martin Hofstadter? What moral lines.”
“Not always,” Martin says with a hoarse voice and then takes a moment to clear his throat. “But yes, I learn the rules, and I follow them, and I’m good at it. And I’m not apologizing for it. This is a game, and I’m here to win it.” He tries to say it shamelessly, but somehow shame crawls all over his tone. “Your middle-class, made-up morality is nothing but a tranquilizer for the losers. I won’t let it hold me back,” he says, finishing with a trembling voice.
Noticing his shaking hand, he retracts it from the desk.
Lynda watches him for a few seconds. He seems miserable, on the verge of shivering.
“You see, Martin,” she says slowly, letting a triumphant smile slightly show on her face. “That’s the difference between you and me. My middle-class morality comes from within. If there is any truth in this made-up world, as you put it, it’s gotta come from your heart.” She puts her palm on her chest. “The rules of the outside world might be made up, but what you feel in here is not.”
“I love you.” Martin finds himself saying that.
“What?!”
“I always did since the 8th grad. I thought I could get over you, but I couldn’t. All the video games in the world, they could never fill your place in my heart.”
“I wasn’t even in Boston in the 8th grade,” Lynda says, bewildered.
“Let’s exit the game, you and I together.” Martin leans way forward to hold her hand. “When we wake up from this goddamn game, I swear to God, I’ll do anything for your happiness, anything.” Slipping off the chair, Martin falls to his knees.
“Martin, you don’t make sense,” Lynda says worryingly, looking down at Martin who is kneeling before her. “Are you sure you’re OK?”
“I’m not Martin. I’m Ryan. Your classmate,” Martin says, clasping Lynda’s hand. “And I’m here to save you from the game. I’ve endangered my life to enter Uranus—”
“Enter what now?!” Lynda asks, pressing her butt against the desk.
“Just for you. I’m telling you I love you, goddamn it. How can you be so cold?”
“OK. Shh.” Leaning forward, Lynda puts her forehead on Martin’s. “Shh. OK. It’s OK, Martin.” Holding his face in her hands, she looks right into his eyes. “I believe you. It’s OK. All right. Let’s… Let’s just… It’s gonna be OK.”
“So, you’ll come with me?” Martin asks, hope blooming on his face.
“Sure. Where to?”
“To Earth,” he replies excitedly, standing up. “We can exit Uranus together, you and I. It’s very easy, I can remind you.”
“Sure,” Lynda says hesitantly. “Yeah. Why not? Let’s quit this fucking game together. Fuck it. Right?”
“Great! That’s the spirit. Let’s go,” Martin says, pulling her hand.
“Maybe not just right now. How about after the committee’s meeting? Can you wait a few hours… for me?” she asks, offering a flirtatious smile.
“You still care about the damn tenure! I thought I convinced you it’s just a game.”
“Oh yeah, you did, big time. I do believe it’s just a game. But… it’s a game that I wasted eight years of my youth on that, my marriage, my drug-addict son, my everything. I gotta see how it ends. You understand, right?”
“Of course, of course,” Martin says, his excitement almost gone. He sits back on his chair.
Lynda stands up the moment he leans back. “OK, see you in the meeting, I guess.”
“You’re leaving!”
“Have to run to the big amphitheater in Building K. Malcolm is about to present his first symposium paper.”
“Malcolm… your PhD student?” Martin asks, surprised.
“I promised to be there for him, for… you know, moral support.”
“Well, you are a better person than I am,” Martin says, standing up. He leans forward for a kiss goodbye when Lynda turns away.
“Ha, that always has been true,” she says, opening the door. She leaves the office, leaving Martin standing there with puckered lips.
“Yes, it has,” Martin mutters, while listening to Lynda step away. “Yes, it has.”
“Lynda, wait,” he yells, running out of the office.
Lynda stops and turns to him.
“Not that it matters, but you might actually have a chance to win this game. I would try to reach out to the program committee of EuroCom. Prof. Zhang must be the chair. If your paper is accepted, that will add 0.12 points to your rating, enough to guarantee your tenure.”
A bitter smile gradually conquers Lynda’s face.
“Always good with the rules, aren’t you, Dean Martin. Sure, I’ll come prepared for a celebration,” she says and turns before her face twists into an unfamiliar expression.

Clothed in his gold-pinstripe black suit, Martin is about to enter the conference room when Lynda, carrying a laptop and her purse, appears from the end of the hallway. Martin, excited to see Lynda, waits up for her, almost blocking the door. Phased out, his eyes are locked on Lynda and her every move. It is as if the world around him has turned into incomprehensible zeros and ones, and she is the only sensible entity that gives meaning to them. Other colleagues arrive in the meanwhile. Their greetings unanswered, they maneuver to get by him and join the committee meeting in the conference room.
“Where were you?” Martin asks Lynda when she arrives. “I called you like a thousand times.”
“Just came back from the symposium.”
“I didn’t get the update on your EuroCom submission. We need that for the rating—”
“It’s OK, Martin,” Lynda says, gently touching his arm. “It’s OK. I’m ready to exit, together, forever,” she says and enters the conference room.
Martin is left there puzzled. Although he smiles, somehow Lynda’s absolute calmness is unnerving for him. He snaps out of it eventually when a participant clears his throat. Entering the room, he shuts the glass door, which is covered with newspapers—the norm at the department for confidential meetings.
All the faculty members have already gathered there, waiting for the dean to commence. To show respect, some stand up for him but not all the way.
“Please,” Dean Martin says without looking at them. “It’s not necessary. Please.”
They sit back, some even before hearing that from the dean.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” Dean Martin starts after sitting at the head of the conference room table. “Honorable members of the faculty. Thanks for coming to this special meeting of the committee. I know this is a very busy season and most of you have submission deadlines to meet. But as you know, last month Professor Ullman, after 43 years of hard, honest, fruitful work decided to move on to our emeritus club and thus effectively relinquish his tenure position.”
“Finally,” Mr. Balakrishnan whispers to Ms. Chung.
“And we all are deeply saddened by that,” Dean Martin continues. “Isn’t that true, Professor Balakrishnan?”
Embarrassed, or pretending to be, Prof. Balakrishnan turns his face down.
“But fortunately, we have three strong gamers, I mean candidates, who are approaching the end of their tenure-track program and are eligible to fill this open position. The due process is undertaken according to the rules of the game… ah… excuse me, I mean of the faculty, and the decision is made based on the ratings that you have cast. This meeting is to announce the winner, the new member of our tenure family, and to wish the best of luck for the other two candidates in their academic career, wherever they will be.”
Martin’s gaze falls on Lynda. She looks deeply disturbed, her face still holding on to the disingenuous smile.
Her face split into a wide grin, Sheryl has her hands on the conference table, hunching, prepared to stand up as the next member of the tenure club and to shake hands with Dean Martin.
Martin manages to detach his concerned gaze from Lynda’s unsettled look. Whatever is up with her, is going to be over in a few moments, Martin thinks. We will exit this stupid game and wake up together in the real world, next to each other.
Reassured by these thoughts, he stands up, taking a paper out of his inside pocket.
“The winning score is the outstanding 9.78, which belongs to Ms.—”
BANG. BANG.
Martin feels tremendous pain in his chest. His fingers are covered with blood when he touches them on the painful spot. He has received two shots in his chest. Breathing heavily, he slowly looks up. All the brave faculty members are lying on the ground, covering their heads. Except for Sheryl, who seems to be frozen, still hunching for her proudest moment to be called a winner.
His vision getting blurry, Martin turns his gaze to the other side of the conference table. Looking like an outraged bear, Lynda is standing there, holding an NAA Mini-Revolver. It is pointed at Sheryl. Martin shakes his head. “No, Lynda,” he mutters.
As if she has heard it, Lynda makes eye contact with him. Two bullets in his chest, near his heart, Ryan is hurt, both literally and figuratively. My baby shot me down, Ryan hears Nancy Sinatra’s song in his head. But all he can think about is to save Lynda. He does not have any strength left to converse but his begging eyes speak a thousand words.
Without saying another word, Lynda turns the gun away from Sheryl, holding it on her own temple.
“NO-O-O-O,” Martin whimpers while closing his eyes.
BANG.
Hitting the ground, Martin falls on his back when he hears the last shot.
“I wanna exit. I don’t wanna play anymore,” he whines before passing out.
You Can’t Quit
Ryan’s nose bleeds. But that is nothing compared to his heart that is bleeding a sea inside. Lynda’s shot has left a deep wound in his heart; this time deeper than when Lynda dumped him on his birthday; a wound unhealable; a wound that Ryan will be carrying with him, probably for the rest of his life.
Eight months, three weeks, and five days ago, he promised himself never ever to make a fool of himself again; never let himself be hurt by another girl. And now here he is again, his promise broken, so is his heart; and by the same girl. He does not know why he even tries. And more painfully, he cannot figure out Lynda. 
Back to Earth, Ryan lies on the recliner. He has exited the game; almost. He cannot be certain whether he is still playing the game or perhaps this is his mind who plays games with him. As if he is stuck in a time loop, the last moments before Lynda shoots him are rewound over and over, from different angles, at different speeds. Each time, he desperately tries to change the course of events and create a different ending for that most disheartening scene. Nevertheless, every time the scene ends with a bullet in his heart. A bullet shot by Lynda. And each time he screams the same question: why? He zooms into her eyes, perhaps he can figure an answer to the haunting question that is tormenting him. Nothing. It is just absurd. He opens his heart to her; she takes it at first but then returns it, shattered to pieces!
“I wanna exit,” Ryan whimpers. Sitting up on the recliner, he hugs his knees. “I don’t wanna play anymore.”
“You’re back, Ryan,” Michele says, gently touching him on the shoulder. “You’ve exited already.”
“I mean this.” He takes the game helmet off. “This ridiculous shit,” he shouts, slapping the helmet into her chest. “I’m out,”
Holding the helmet, Michele turns her head up, a look of puzzle all over her face. “You can’t just quit like that,” she says when Ryan hops off the recliner.
“Sure, I can. I just did,” Ryan responds, walking away. His legs not having received their strength back yet, he loses his balance.
Dropping the helmet, Michele rushes to hold his arm.
It takes a few moments for Ryan to regain his balance. “I’m OK,” he says, breathing rapidly.
“How about Lynda?” Michele asks and continues the question with her insisting gaze.
Ryan breaks the gaze. “She doesn’t care about me,” he says, anger crawling into his voice; an anger that he did not know before he had in him. Separating himself from Michele’s supporting grip, he hobbles away. “Come to think of it, I doubt if she ever did.”
“Ryan, this isn’t about you. The mission is to save my Lynda.”
“Then why me?” he shouts while turning to her. A few tears trickle down his cheek. “Why should I get hurt—”
“That was in the game,” she replies, a tone of guilt recognizable in her voice. “You’re not really shot.”
“—I open my heart to her, and she just…she just…” Tears erupt when the sob takes over.
Tears welling up in her eyes, Michele bites her lips.
The sound of Ryan’s sob dominates the atmosphere of the room for a few moments.
“Yeah, been there, done that,” Rajneesh mutters from behind.
That gives Ryan mixed feelings. He is apparently being lowered to such a level that now he and Rajneesh are considered of the same type! The unbearable image harshens his attitude and hardens his will.
His sobbing suddenly stops. Ryan strides toward Senator who’s been awkwardly silent, sitting in the corner, on the dark blue sofa. “Here, take this,” he says, the sorrow in his voice replaced with cruelty. Extending his hand, he holds out the handheld console almost to Senator’s face. “Tell Mrs. Honestman I’m sorry. There are many champions out there, some even better than I am. I’m not the only one. And there is nothing left between Lynda and I that would make me the one.”
Stroking his chin, Senator avoids eye contact with Ryan. “But you’re the only one who can exit,” he says, leaving Ryan with his hand extended.
“What?! How do you know that?”
“Ah…Senator,” Michele jumps in, stepping forward. “I’m not sure President Money would approve of—”
“He deserves to know the truth,” Senator snaps at Michele, standing up. “He’s strong enough to handle it.” He turns back to Ryan when Michele retracts her objecting gaze. “Because you’re not the first soldier we dispatched to Uranus. But you’re the first who has ever managed to exit.”
The color drained from his face, Ryan sputters a few words. Suddenly his mouth dries up. He takes a hard swallow, but his throat remains as dry as before. He draws in a deep breath before he dares ask, “How many—”
“Six. They all seem to get infected by the same software issue when they get in touch with Lynda.”
“Senator,” Michele says, “I’ll be obliged to inform President Money—”
“I’m the seventh!” Ryan exclaims, breathing heavily. His head feels heavy, similar to when it is radiated by the game helmet.
“This cannot be true,” Ryan thinks. “Humans don’t do that to each other. This is too cruel to be real. This might just be yet another game. Yeah, that must be it. All I have to do is to remove the game helmet, and this ridiculous story will be over.” His gaze falls on the game helmet sitting on the recliner when his hands impulsively touch his head. He presses hard against his ears when the helmet’s evil laughter echoes in his head.
His vision getting blurry and his knees wobbling, Ryan crumbles down on the floor before falling. After a moment of chewing on the unbelievable information he has just received, he takes his eyes off the floor and looks up at Senator standing above, his hands in his pockets.
“You knew about this and still let me get in?”
“It’s all for the good cause, soldier. You understand, right?”
“You filthy liars. You lied to me!”
“We didn’t tell you the truth and that’s not the same thing, technically.”
“You tricked me, all of you—”
“I’m sorry,” Michele squeaks from behind.
“—President, you, your wife—”
“My ex actually has no idea. She is too sentimental to handle the truth.”
“What if… what if I couldn’t exit too? What if I was stuck in the game?”
“That is the risk we were willing to take, soldier.”
“I’m sorry,” Michele mutters again.
“You take risks with my life!” Ryan growls, fury rippling into his voice. “What am I to you, a guinea pig? Unbelievable! I’m out of here.” Ryan staggers to his feet, dashing to the walls that have trapped him in the dome. “Where is the exit door?” Touching the wall, he tries to find a door handle. “You people are evil. Pure evil. Where is this goddamn exit door?”
“There is no exit for you,” President Money says, his oversized hologram appearing at the center of the dome, “not until we figure out the exit issue in Uranus.”
“I’m so sorry, Mr. President,” Michele says, the fear in her face lit up by the giant hologram. “I tried to stop Senator.”
“It’s OK, Michele. I’ll take it from here.”
“What are you talking about?” Ryan shouts. “I’m a free citizen. I want out. Now.”
“Thirty-two billion dollars of investment, our exclusive contract with the Pentagon, they all depend on fixing this little exit issue,” President’s hologram says calmly. “I’m running a private company here, and we cannot give a rat’s ass about your civil rights. I’m sorry, son. It’s just the way it is.”
“Senator Honestman,” Ryan says, turning to the honest man of law. “They cannot do that. It’s illegal.”
Senator takes out the yellow pocket square. Using it to wipe the sweat off his forehead, he turns his back to Ryan.
“Good citizens obey the law,” President says from behind, “great citizens define it. Our corporation determines what is legal and what’s not. The good senator here is one of the major shareholders, in return for him paving our way to success through Washington, DC. How do you think we got the exclusive contract with the Pentagon?”
Time to use your head, Ryan thinks to himself. If this was a game, how would you play it? Think Ryan, think. “I got it.” Ryan snaps his fingers. “I know how to help you. You let me go now, and by tomorrow morning, I’ll bring you Raul, the best gamer in the world. I lost the championship to him in Mars II. And he already has preexisting emotional crap that you’re looking for; after Lynda dumped me, I saw her flirting with that asshole behind the bookshelves in the library. He’s your man, I’m telling ya. You just let him get in Uranus, and I bet in one go he can figure out the exit issue.” Ryan finishes with a grin all over his face, hoping that they bite the bait.
President’s hologram sneers.
Maintaining his optimism, Ryan turns to Senator. “What do you say, Senator? It’s a pretty good deal.”
“You mean Mr. Raul Moreno?” Senator says over his shoulder as his back is to Ryan.
“Yep. That’s the one.”
“He was an honorable, brave soldier, the first that we dispatched to save Lynda. Never exited.” Although his upward chin tries to act proud and confident, a sliver of regret crawls into his voice.
The grin melted away, there is nothing left on Ryan’s face but a look of despair. “I was just trying to do something nice,” he pleads, “to help your daughter. Is that how you repay me?”
Holding his head in his hands, Senator does not turn back.
Ryan’s desperate gaze lingers on him.
“For God’s sake, kid, grow up,” frustrated President shouts at Ryan. “He has sacrificed his own daughter for this company. Do you really think he would give a damn about you?”
“I’m a prisoner here?” Ryan says with a trembling voice while turning from unresponsive Senator to the talking hologram, who seems to be in charge.
“I wouldn’t use that word,” President says. “You’re…more of a guest.”
“Welcome to the party,” Rajneesh says, gesturing to his tied hands.
“Some games, soldier, we can’t quit,” Senator says with a fatherly tone from behind, touching Ryan on the shoulder. His collar opened and his bow tie loosened, Senator’s confident words are rippled with outspoken doubts in his tone. “We just can’t. Finish the game, and we all go home, including the troll here.”
“It’s Coder, I mean Software Engineer,” Rajneesh growls. “Get it right, Mr. I-sacrifice-Lynda-for-money.”
“Shut up,” Senator spits, his fist squeezing the yellow pocket square.
“Lynda,” Ryan mutters, stroking his chin.
Rajneesh continues, “Poor Lynda—”
“Lynda,” Ryan mutters again, this time louder.
“—What did that beautiful girl ever do to you?”
“Shut up,” Senator shouts at Rajneesh, shooting him a deadly glare.
“Lynda was always smiling.”
“Shut up. Shut up. Shut up,” Senator roars, storming toward Rajneesh. “Don’t you dare use my daughter’s name or I’ll have your neck broken.” His left hand grabbing Rajneesh by the collar, his right fist that is clenching the yellow pocket square is a span away from Rajneesh’s jaw. Judging by the clumsy way Senator is fisting his hand, he has probably never been in a fist fight before.
“Lynda,” Ryan snaps and with that everyone turns to him. “Why is her name always Lynda?” Ryan asks Michele.
Letting go of Rajneesh’s collar, Senator steps toward Michele and Ryan.
“Don’t ask me,” Rajneesh says from behind although no one’s attention is on him. He goes on with a nervous chuckle. “I’m no longer to use her precious name.”
Michele shrinks under the weight of those many gazes on her. Looking puzzled, she has no response but to gulp.
“What do you exactly mean?” President asks Ryan.
“I mean in the game. I’ve been in Uranus three times now. Each time in a new character, with a new name. How is it that her re-incarnations are always named Lynda?”
Without saying a word, Michele slowly raises her hand, pointing to Rajneesh.
All eyes turn back onto Rajneesh. President’s hologram flies closer to him. Senator also steps back toward him.
“Why are you freaks looking at me like that? How would I know?” Rajneesh says, his voice trembling.
President’s hologram has now joined Senator, standing right above Rajneesh.
“Have you heard of a little something called coincidence, Miss I-am-a-designer,” Rajneesh continues, trying to find Michele behind the hologram. “The names are assigned randomly. It’s your own requirement. Remember? When it’s random, shit happens. It’s actually not that rare at all. Lynda happens to be the second most popular female name in the US. So, it’s quite likely to be repeated.”
“How do you know that?” Ryan asks, arms crossed over his chest.
“Every software engineer knows that. This is a well-known fact about random—”
“I mean,” Ryan interrupts, “the thing about the second most popular name.”
“What kind of bullshit question is that, Mr. Sherlock Holmes? I just happen to know interesting trivia about names.”
“Okay. What’s the first most popular name?”
“Huh?”
“You said you know trivia about popular names. Lynda is the second. What’s the first?”
Rajneesh sputters a few words before he stops trying. Like a raging bear ready to charge, he breathes noisily through his nose. His teeth grinding, he stares with so much hatred as if he would tear Ryan apart if he was not tied up. “You know what?” he says, his voice tight. “I am getting sick of this line of questioning. Who do you think you are to talk to me like that, lover boy? I am the creator of this world; you just play in it. You’re nothing but—”
“We’ll get to the bottom of this.” Michele cuts him off. “Alexi, search the source code for the name Lynda.”
“You know, in our line of work, we can’t always know the truth and facts,” Senator says in an intimidatingly calm voice. He slowly puts his black gloves on. “So, you have no choice but to resort to superstitions. To us, there is a meaning behind every coincidence.” His gloved hand reaches Rajneesh’s throat. “And the meaning of this one is that you’re full of shit,” he growls.
“Found it,” Michele yells from behind. “The name Lynda is hard-coded in the source.”
“Well, well, well,” President says. “Liar, Liar, troll’s pants are on fire.”
“Leave me alone, you freaks,” Rajneesh barks. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. It must be just a name my team gave to a variable. It doesn’t mean anything.”
“The name Lynda seems to trigger a secret module,” Michele continues, reading from a hologram of lines before her face, “which is…compiled.”
“English please,” President commands.
“It means it’s all turned to 0s and 1s, the machine language. It’s…incomprehensible.”
“Well, make it comprehensible then. Reverse engineer it.”
“It’s manual work. I already assigned our best team to that. But it takes days to finish the process.”
President’s hologram leans down on Rajneesh. “Do you remember a marvelous place in Uranus called Guantanamo Bay?” 
Rajneesh nods while cringing.
“I personally passed that as a requirement to Michele. You must know how delightful the bay is over there, right? You wrote the code.”
Rajneesh’s face whitens with fear.
“You either talk now or once we have the proof, I’ll have you sent to a nice vacation in Uranus, to Guantanamo Bay.” With his head awfully near Rajneesh’s face, President’s giant hologram appears to be devouring Rajneesh.
“OK. OK,” Rajneesh says. Eyes shut, his face is sideward.
“OK what?”
“OK, I talk,” he says, opening his eyes.
“We have a talking troll here,” President says, his hologram stepping away from Rajneesh. “It’s yours now,” he says to Michele.
“The first time I saw her”—Rajneesh begins his confession—“was on her on-site visit to the engineering department…”
And I Wrote Love
Rajneesh takes a deep breath before begins his confession.
The first time I saw her was on her on-site visit to the engineering department. It was a few days before or after Valentine’s day. I know that because William had asked for my permission to work from home the whole week. Everybody knew he would be in Hawaii instead, spending Valentine’s week with his boyfriend. But I let him go anyway, pretending that I don’t know work-from-home means surfing-from-Hawaii. I even stepped up to cover his on-call shift myself, so that those two lovebirds could have their mind free, to celebrate their love without worrying about the problems at work.
Knowing that we will have a special guest visiting that day, I had already instructed my team to hold their farts for a while. Out of an abundance of caution, I even gave Felicity a day off. We had been told that the visitor has passed all the security clearances and that she is the daughter of Senator Honestman, a major shareholder of the company and its upcoming Uranus universe. What they had not told us was that she has one of those foxy eyes made of Black Hole; they have a gravitational effect that no gaze can escape them. She was not sexy though, in any particular way. I am not saying she was ugly. No. But, sexy? Nah. Except for when she smiled; the little up and outward curves around the corners of her lips. I call it the Mona Lisa smile. I liked that. It was cute. But, sexy? Nah. It was just OK. I also liked her lips—.
“Rajneesh,” Michele yells, pointing to the hologram of the ticking clock that appears before him.
Ah, OK. Anyway, the bottom line is that I was not attracted to her.
I just did not know why I felt a strange pain on the left side of my chest when I saw her with Senator, standing next to Michele’s desk. It must have been because of those spicy burritos I had eaten for lunch. I felt better when she expressed her humility for the perfection in my creation. Lynda was just so excited about all the possibilities that Uranus would create. Fascinated by the level of sophistication in our work, she was inquiring of the required colleague education that would enable her to join my team. She must have recently graduated high school, I gathered.
She then whispered to Michele something about how much he hated high school. I was not eavesdropping at all. No. It was just very hard not to overhear their conversation. She was saying that she wants to be the first to try out the beta release of Uranus. She wanted to gift it to some asshole named Ryan.
“Which Ryan,” Ryan asks.
I don’t know. Some douchebag from her class. Who else in your class is named Ryan?
“None,” Ryan responds, brows knitting.
Oops. Anyway, Michele started showing her a demo, explaining how Uranus works—and of course, falsely claiming all the credit for its design.
“Excuse me!” Michele barks.
Oh. Did I say that out loud? Whatever. I do not think Lynda was listening to her nonsense anyway. With the Mona Lisa smile on her face, Lynda was immersed in the hologram of the demo itself. The demo of my creation. Suddenly, she stood up from the chair, her gaze still glued to the hologram. Stretching out her hands toward the demo of Uranus, she approached it as if she was hypnotized. With every feature that Michele showed to her, the smile on her face became wider and wider, and the Burrito ache in my chest grew bigger and bigger. It was all over my body.
And in that moment, a beautiful picture was inspired to me; that her searching hands have reached me; that she and I are together; and she is looking up at me, smiling; and she is happy; and I am happy that she is happy. And in the moment, I felt how meaningless life would be without that picture.
Before I knew, I found myself stepping toward her. My legs were no longer under control of my consciousness. All I could do was play along. And I thought to myself, why not? After all, I am the creator of the world she admires. She should be thrilled to meet the creator, to appreciate his art, to admire him, and who knows, perhaps to love him too. Yeah, she would, I thought.
My confidence pumped up, I approached her. I thought I would present myself, let her know I am the creator of the world she is in love with, and give her the pleasure of witnessing me and my greatness, my glory, my… preeminence.
“Hi, I am the creator,” I said humbly but got no reaction. She was all immersed in Michele’s presentation about my creation; why would not she? It’s not her fault that my creation is a mesmerizing marvel. “Excuse me,” I said after clearing my throat. Still no reaction. I eventually had no choice but to touch her on the arm. Her skin was smooth like a water snake. It is not my fault that her shirt was sleeveless.
“Pervert,” Michele says, following that with a pretend cough. “Oh. Did I say that out loud?”
“Give him a break, would you?” President tells Michele.
“Sorry,” Michele says.
One knows he must have stepped too far in the wrong direction, when a man like President backs him up.
Where was I? Yeah. I touched…ah…her purse. Yeah. Her snake purse. The shoulder strap was shaped like a water snake.
“Yes,” she said while turning back to me, her arm, I mean her purse, separated from my hand. The cute smile disappeared from her face the moment her gaze fell on me.
Have you ever dived into a cold plunge after a hot sauna? When there is a moment that the temperature shock actually stops your heart. And you wonder if your heart is ever going to beat again. And you kind of wish that it did not. But when it does, you find yourself farting. It’s strange, I know. We, software engineers, actually call it the fartpool in our department. Anyway, that is how I felt when she treated me like that.
I came back to attention. The weight of her arrogant, condescending gaze was still on me, crushing me like a piece of trash paper.
“I am the creator,” I said with a hoarse voice after swallowing hard against the lump in my throat.
“Yeah, so?” she said, a lack of interest obvious in her voice.
It was then when her daddy long-legs shoved himself between us, his back almost toward me.
“Have you visited the graphic design section, sweetie?” he said while pushing me on the chest like I am some sort of sexual predator. Like I even care to have sex with his precious daughter.
“Let me introduce you to graphic designers,” Michele said while taking her arm away from me. “You’re gonna love them.”
Before I knew she was gone, and I was left alone, hanging there like a sad dick losing its erection. The patronizing sideways look that my engineers were giving me was simply unbearable. I even could swear I heard one of them sneer.
Just a few minutes earlier, I was sitting in my cubicle, minding my own business, doing awesomeness, worriless, free from care and sorrow. And one denial later, there I was, a zombie, possessed by an obsession. What I did not mind having before, like an extra dessert after Thanksgiving turkey, now I had to have it, I needed to have it, more than oxygen to breathe.
She was gone, so was the ache in my chest. It was replaced with a gaping hole. A hole that I could not rest until I fill it up with something. There, right there, I had a new purpose in life: making Lynda Honestman fall… in love, I mean. With me, of course. Then I wrote—
“So then you wrote this horrendously unpredictable code?” Michele spits.
Then, I wrote love…
Al: Artificial Intelligence love
“Then I wrote love,” Rajneesh says, fighting tears. “The odds were against me, here on earth, in this unfair, unjust, biased life. But in Uranus, the world I created, I could do justice to myself. There will be no Michele or Daddy in my way, I thought. All I needed was to link her name to trigger a special program.”
“So that explains the name Lynda hardcoded in the source,” Michele jumps in.
“It’s actually Lynda Honestman that is hardcoded. It turns out Lynda is the 2nd most popular name in the US, but Honestman is a douchebag, made-up family name that only a dumbass senator would adopt.”
Senator shoots him a menacing glare.
“The special program that you wrote, what does it do exactly?” Ryan asks.
“That I don’t know,” Rajneesh says, shrugging.
“What?! You wrote the program!”
“No one can program love. It has too many variables, too non-deterministic, too complicated to be described as an algorithm. I had to make use of AI.”
“A who?” Senator asks.
“A I. Artificial Intelligence. It is—”
“I know what Artificial Intel Agency is,” Senator says, almost shouting.
“Yes, you surely know. Anyway, I used machine learning to train a deep neural network. I had an abundance of training data at my disposal; all the romantic relationships that we had captured in the research phase of Uranus. All I needed to do was define the target score function.”
“English please,” President asks, yawning in his hologram.
“The score function is what defines how the neural network is trained. The higher the output of the score function on a particular structure of the neurons, the more the program is tuned in favor of that.”
“And your score function was…?” Ryan asks after a moment of silence.
“Of course, her interest in my character.”
“NPC! You have a non-player character in the game?!”
“Yeah, Virtual Rajneesh. It’s an exact replica of me, same excellence, same perfection.” Having his chest pumped, Rajneesh raises his chin.
“But you’re not playing,” Ryan snaps, frustrated. “What’s in it for you?” Taking a step closer, he looks Rajneesh in the eye.
“I might not be the one playing,” Rajneesh responds, looking away, “but at least my character will get some.”
“Pathetic,” Ryan spits, holding his head between his hands. “Absolutely pathetic.”
“You hypocrites,” Rajneesh shoots back. “You all do the same, every single one of you, every single day. You, Senator. You well know that all the respect you get from people is for your senator persona, not for your piece-of-a-shit self. And still, you get a kick out of that. You, lover boy. Your whole life is spent on building up this character, Ryan, the gamer. Why? Because Lynda fancies that. But deep down you know damn well she does not love the real Ryan.”
“Do I?” Ryan asks, brows knitting. “She went into Uranus only for me. You said it yourself.”
“Yeah, but that doesn’t mean anything.”
“How do you—”
“Boys. Boys,” President interrupts, his hologram glowing in the center of the room. “Save your testosterone for some other time. Michele, so what does this injected program exactly do?”
“Well… Well…,” she sputters.
“How would she know,” Rajneesh sneers. “It is a machine-generated code. It’s not an algorithm that one could explain. It’s the machine deciding what to do.”
“Remove the code then,” President commands. “Clean the mess up.”
“That might fix our official release of Uranus,” Michele responds, “but any tampering with the code would push the existing gamers into a permanent coma.”
“That is the compromise we have to make,” President says in a flat voice, dismissing Michele’s point with an airy wave.
“That includes Lynda, Senator’s daughter,” Ryan growls.
“I know who Lynda is.” President scowls at Ryan. “The road to success is made of compromises, and the good senator here has made plenty of them already. He knows damn well that this is the right compromise to make for the good of the shareholders, which he is one of. Right, Senator?”
All eyes on Senator Honestman, he eventually nods, his shameful eyes staring at the floor.
“That’s settled then.” President claps his hands. “No great innovation in human history is achieved without a little sacrifice. This would be ours—”
“Lynda is not yours to sacrifice,” Ryan spits.
“Not yours to save either.” President gives Ryan a condescending look. You’re dismissed, soldier. Free to go.” Natural light pours in when an exit door opens on the dome. “Thanks for your service.” President gestures Ryan out while turning to Senator.
“But, Michele, you said—,” Ryan says before getting interrupted.
“We thanked you for your cooperation, soldier,” President yells, turning back to Ryan again, “and that’s the end of it.” He lays his scorching glare on Ryan for a long moment. “Needless to say”—he lowers his voice—“your contributions to Uranus will be handsomely rewarded.” The two girls in bikinis wait for Ryan by the exit doorway. Offering irresistible smiles, they wave to Ryan in unison.
His heart preoccupied with the care he has for Lynda, Ryan finds it easy to look away from the two gorgeous girls. He is silent, and not because he is intimidated by President—which he is a bit—but because he knows a good gamer, instead of banging his head on the wall of a dead-end path, will take a step back, reassess the situation, and figure out an alternative route. He just needs to think, and think hard.
“Now,” President continues, turning to Michele. “I’m going offline for my tanning-bed time. Michele, keep me posted. You did well today. Finish the job and tomorrow we’ll discuss your promotion to partnership. Senator, you’re in charge. I trust you’ll do what needs to be done,” he says, giving Senator a meaningful look.
Brows wrinkled, Senator looks away.
President starts undressing in his hologram.
“President,” Michele says while looking away, “I can see everything.”
“Good for you,” President sneers over his shoulder, and then the hologram fades away.
The disappearing hologram of naked President is replaced with a lectern that erects through the floor, with a giant red button on it that says ‘reset’.
“Michele—” Senator calls, his voice hoarse, holding out the yellow pocket square.
Like a programmed robot, Michele dismisses Senator’s plea and shuffles to the erected stand as instructed by President.
Watching Michele’s determination, Senator does not continue. Dropping his head, he covers his face with his hands.
Michele stops. “For what’s worth,” she squeaks without looking up, “I’m sorry, David. You know I loved Lynda like she’s my own daughter, and you saw I did everything I could. But…but President has spoken and there is no choice left but to obey.” She resumes her march toward the lectern while saying, “God, I hate this job.”
“Wait a minute, wait a minute…” Ryan snaps, filled with excitement.
Her hand on top of the reset button, Michele stops. Everybody turns to Ryan.
“What if this is not the only issue with Uranus?”
Michele’s attention is grabbed.
Ryan resists a triumphant smile. “We don’t know what the coder is up to,” he continues. “All we know is that he lied to us before. There’s no guarantee that he’s telling the truth now. What if there are other issues with Uranus that the coder’s hiding?”
Rajneesh sighs. “I’m a software engineer, asshole,” he says with a tired voice.
“Senator.” Ryan turns to him. “Would you jeopardize the whole future of the company over trusting a troll?”
Rajneesh growls.
Senator brightens, eyes dilating.
“He’s not wrong, Senator,” Michele says from behind. “You can never trust a coder.”
“It’s Software Engineer, you freaking idiots,” Rajneesh barks. “Who’s in charge here? Now, this hot-for-Lynda teenager tells us what to do. He’s just delusional that Lynda might still be in love with him, which is obviously not true. Let’s just…be reasonable here. Let’s just untie these hands, and…and we all go home. Okay? I’m just telling you the truth. You can trust me.” Rajneesh finishes his proposal, offering an empty smile.
Eyes bright, Senator says, “Only one way to find out—”
“Ah, goddamn it,” Rajneesh spits.
“I now have a fiduciary obligation to keep the prototype alive,” Senator continues, welcoming a smirk smile onto his face.
“Any plan?” Michele asks Ryan. “What makes you think you won’t fail this time?”
“Because I’m no longer afraid,” Ryan responds, pumped up with a fresh dose of confidence.
“Of the game?”
“Of love. Only true love could save Lynda, and I am it.”
“What a load of crap,” Rajneesh mutters.
“What’s her new character after the last reincarnation?” Ryan asks Michele.
“She is a 23-year-old actress…living in LA,” Michele looks at the hologram of the words that glow around her head.
“Any romance currently in her life?” Ryan asks, eyes narrowed.
“Yes. She has a boyfriend, also 23. They live together.”
“Perfect! Incarnate me into the boyfriend’s character.” Drunk with excitement, Ryan leaps onto his recliner.
“He just wants to get laid. It’s so obvious,” Rajneesh says in a begging voice. “How can you not see that?”
“Funny coincidence!” Michele says. “His name is also Ryan.”
“Works for me.” Ryan winks at Rajneesh.
“Oh man,” Rajneesh whines.
The helmet on his head, Ryan sleeps into the game, to play the lucky boyfriend of a 23-year-old LA actress in Uranus.
A Star is Born
“But I worked hard for it,” Lynda says, her voice tight. “And I think I deserve it. I really, really wanted to be nominated for the best actress this year.”
“I’m sorry, honey,” the agent replies. “Hey, nobody wants you to be nominated more than I do. But the rules are the rules. Your rating was 7.9 last month.”
“But I was above 8 all year, one month even 8.7.” Raising her voice, Lynda leans forward on the agent’s desk. “How can it be?”
“What can I say?” the agent says, leaning back on her throne-like chair. She pops open a cup with a circle rack of cigarettes and takes one. 
Reading the scene, Lynda leans back, taking her demanding eyes off her agent.
“Showbiz is tough and is getting tougher,” the agent continues. “The audience wants to see fresh faces on their screen and every month new talents enter the game. Look at me, honey. Look at me.”
Lynda drags her disappointed gaze up onto the agent’s face again. The cigarette lit, the agent takes a drag.
“I’ve been an agent in Beverly Hills for almost 27 years now. Every year new stars come and go, and before the devil knows the fans forget their names, just like that,” she says, blowing out smoke by forming her mouth in an ‘O’ shape. “Forgotten. Gone with the wind. This decline is just a beginning, I’m tellin’ ya.” Using her index finger, she points to a graph on her monitor. “If you don’t do something about it, next month it will be 7 and the month after that 6. You would be lucky if it remains above 3 by the end of the year.” She leans forward and touches Lynda’s hand on the desk, intently looking into her eyes. “I know it. I’ve seen it. If you wanna compete with these younger faces, you gotta want it badder than everyone else. It takes guts, and it takes dedication. You gotta be willing to do what they don’t have the audacity to do.”
“I started doing sodomy like you told me to,” Lynda complains, separating her hand. 
“Sodomy?!” the agent asks, squinting her eyes. “Oh. Anal, you mean.”
“Do you have any idea how much it hurts? Very. But I did it, I endured all the pain like you told me to. What else do you want me to do?”
“Hey, hey, hey,” the agent says, waving her hand. “Let’s just cool it down a bit, shall we? We don’t point fingers in this agency.” Brows knitting, her tone gets aggressive. “This is not a blame game. Showbiz is not like… like… a cooking recipe that you follow word by word and succeed. It is a challenging business. Many are competing in this game, and the road to success does not have a written manual. We figure it out as we move on,” she continues, on each work slapping her hand on the desk.
The trick works on Lynda. Feeling inferior, she leans back, her demanding face replacing with a complying one.
“September, we gave anal a shot,” the agent says casually, “and it worked a little. Your rating went up from 8.1 to 8.3, didn’t it?” She waits for Lynda to nod. “Admittedly, it didn’t work out as well as we hoped it would. Time has changed and many actresses do sodomy now. It’s not as newsworthy as it used to be back in the good, old days. It was a simpler time. But have no worries.” She takes a long drag of her cigarette. “Lucky for you, you’re in good hands.”
Lynda coughs when her agent exhales the smoke into her face.
“Your good, old agent has it all covered. I already worked out a solid plan for your career that guarantees an eight-plus rating for at least one full year. Nomination for the next year’s award will be an absolute certainty. Hector has a vacancy for the lead role in his special show next Sunday, and I already persuaded him to just give it to you. No audition required. It’s a one-day job that will also be live-streamed on Pornhub.”
“What is it? Beyond sodomy,” Lynda asks, willing to hide the skepticism in her voice.
While Lynda is anxiously waiting, the agent takes a moment to stub out her cigarette in the overflowing ashtray. She gets up from her throne, gets around the desk, and stands before Lynda. Holding Lynda’s chin up, the agent looks down into her eyes.
“Imagine your name on the front page of Almost Legal magazine. I’m talking the full front page dedicated only to your close-up, and probably your breasts too. Your name will be remembered in the Guinness World Records forever. And probably, I don’t wanna jinx it, but who knows, perhaps the AVN award for the best porn actress of the year.”
“What is it?” Lynda asks eagerly, looking up at the agent with dilated eyes.
“Two words: Lisa Sparks.”
“The freak who had intercourse with 919 men in one day!” Lynda exclaims, the brightness in her eyes gone. The small office seems shrinking, making her space even tighter. Under her arms getting wet with sweat, she breathes with difficulty, yearning for some nontoxic oxygen.
“See?” the agent says with a triumphant smile. “After 6 years everybody still remembers her name. That’s what I’m talking about. You get similar publicity, and boom, your career is golden, for the next few years at least.”
“You want me to screw 919 men in one day?” Lynda asks, her face cringed, breathing heavily.
“Hey, hey, hey,” the agent says waving her hand. Breaking the gaze, she paces the tiny space of her office. “Let just not… we don’t point fingers in this agency. This is a free country, alright? And you are free to do whatever you want with whomever you want. All I’m saying… ah… it’s actually 920.” The agent stops, turning to Lynda. “Hector insisted that we top Lisa’s record, otherwise it doesn’t get the buzz that he wants, I mean we want, I mean you want.”
Lynda does not say anything, making a disgusted face. Still breathing rapidly, she now can hear her heart pounding.
The agent strokes her chin, staring at Lynda.
“You know,” the agent says after a while, “two years ago I offered a similar opportunity to one of the hottest porn stars of the year, but Tori Purple rejected my offer.
“Who?”
“Exactly,” the agent says with a sly smile, stepping toward Lynda. “If you don’t want your rating to plummet in the next few months, if you want your name to be remembered, you gotta do what Tori Purple didn’t have the guts to do.”
Hearing the word ‘rating’ Lynda’s attention gets locked. The agent surely knows how to talk to Lynda—and the likes of her. It is not just about the rating; it is about what the rating represents: popularity, success, and, most important of all, winning. And heaven knows she is in this game to win it.
“How much do they pay?” Lynda asks, willing her voice to calm.
“Pay?!” the agent chuckles. “Honey, Hector is doing you a favor here. This is for your own good. You get a name after this.”
“So, I have to screw 920 men for free?” she asks, her voice almost squeaking.
“Well, they will be screwing you to be technically accurate. But yes, you get publicity from this. And who can put a price on publicity?”
No one, Lynda thinks. Publicity is the ultimate goal, the purpose, the meaning. It’s everyone’s dream that only a few can achieve; the dedicated few that have what it takes; the boldness to do what others do not.
“Where will it be announced?” Lynda asks, swallowing her instincts.
“Oh, everywhere,” the agent replies, brightened. “Almost Legal, HotBitches.com, Lust, you name it. Everywhere.”
“I mean the announcement for the event?”
“Yeah… it’s kind of already announced, you know,” the agent replies, sitting back on her throne. “This is like one of those projects where the picture is much bigger than the actors, like… like Avatar. Men will swarm to Hector’s event no matter who stars in it. But Hector will probably amend the star name by spreading flyers all over the LA streets and alleys. You know, direct-to-consumer advertising.”
“Then he might see it,” Lynda says, brows knitting together with worry.
“Of course he will…Eh… Who are we talking about?”
“Ryan.”
“Ryan! Who the hell is Ryan?”
“My boyfriend.”
“You’re still with that schmuck! I told you to get rid of that uptight, backward, possessive idiot. I smelled trouble the moment you told me about him. He’s going to hold your career back. Mark my words. See when I warned you.”
“He… ah… He is—”
“I don’t understand why you would want to be attached anyway. This is LA for fuck’s sake. I heard George Clooney is separating from that Lebanese bitch. Time to be on the lookout.”
“I… I’ll talk to him,” Lynda says, dismissing the agent’s concern with an airy wave.
“Yeah, do that. And if he didn’t listen, let me know to fire up an army of lawyers up his tight ass. You’re a free woman and this is a free country. We are lawyered up at the agency just to deal with the freaks like him, to protect your freedom.”
“I’ll talk to him,” Lynda says, turning her eyes on the promise ring on her finger. “Ryan loves me so much. He’ll understand… I hope.”
Stalker
“For God’s sake, not today. Aren’t you tired of stalking me?” Lynda yells at the handsome man. Holding the pole in the half-empty metro, she is commuting from her agent’s office back to her place in Montecito Heights, a suburb of LA known for its affordable apartments. 
Being nice to fans is a principle that Lynda sticks by. Especially this one that is very easy to fall in love with. And not just because he is handsome. Everything about him is lovable. In a weird way, Lynda cannot think of anything that she would not find attractive in him. She would have easily considered going out with him if she had met him a few years back when she was still single. But now…
It’s not even his fault to be fair. Love does not have a particular formula. The poor guy must have seen her movies, fantasizing about her every night. Lynda does understand that; the first few times that he hit on her did make sense. What is surprising is that, as if he has no other purpose in life, he does not seem to get tired of stalking.
“Never. Not of stalking you,” the handsome man replies.
“You don’t understand. I have a boyfriend.”
“Congratulations! I also have a girlfriend, many girlfriends. But they don’t have to know.”
“Well, I would know. And cheating is wrong.”
“It’s not cheating if we both want it.”
“What!”
“Excuse me. Can I have a photo?” a tourist woman asks Lynda, holding out a bulky Canon camera.
Oh, no, Lynda thinks. Not another fan desperate to have a photo with me. “I’m sorry. I don’t wanna be rude, but I’m really not in the mood today.”
Her eyebrows shot up and her eyes popped open, the tourist seems in shock. Lynda regrets that already. Blowing fans off is against her principles.
“Okay,” Lynda says, letting out a breath. “But let’s make it quick. All right? Only one photo.”
“Here,” the tourist says, handing over the camera to Lynda. “The button is on the top.” The tourist then surprises the stalker by hugging him sideways.
Lynda has just realized that the tourist wanted to take a photo with the stalker instead. She needs a second to digest the embarrassing moment. Smiling, the stalker seems pleased with Lynda’s humiliation, which is weird; more than weird; it is kind of evil.
“You found the button?” the tourist woman asks, hugging the stalker more tightly.
Lynda snaps back to attention. Holding the camera up, she takes a photo and swiftly shoves the camera back on the tourist’s chest.
“Here’s my card.” The tourist puts her card into the chest pocket of the stalker’s shirt. “I’ll be in LA until next Sunday, in case you feel lonely at night,” she says, flashing her eyebrows.
“OK, bye now,” the stalker says, pushing her away.
“Bye.” Before she leaves, she leans forward, rises on her toes, and gives the stalker a kiss on the cheek.
“Seriously. Bye now,” the stalker growls.
“Okay. Call me.” The tourist woman winks and steps away.
“Soooo…” the stalker says to Lynda.
Lynda turns her puzzled eyes from the tourist back to the stalker.
“What do you say?” he asks.
“No,” she responds firmly.
“Please. Just one time. I’ll get you anything you want. You name it. There is no limit to my power here. Believe me.”
She never gets why such an attractive man chooses the lifestyle of a stalker. Not that she complains, no; it’s actually kind of flattering to know that her performances have converted such a charming man to become a fan. It is always good to know that your work has touched a heart. But, as Meryl Streep once said, fans are like a healthy drug that its overdose could hurt you.
“Excuse me,” another female tourist interrupts. “Are you Michael B. Jordan?”
“No.”
“Can I have a photo?”
“No,” the stalker shouts.
“You don’t have to be a dick about it,” she says, flinching, and sits back with a man that judging by the matching rings on their hands must be her husband.
“Next stop, Crenshaw,” the voice over the speaker says before the metro comes to a full stop.
“Aargh. Some people.” The stalker turns to Lynda. “So, what do you say?”
“Noooo,” Lynda yells and darts out of the metro.
“This isn’t your stop,” the stalker shouts.
Lynda ignores him at first but stops after a few seconds. She reads Crenshaw on the big sign on the wall before her. He was right. Her stop is the next, Western. She turns back to the metro, but it is too late. As the sliding door on the metro closes, through the glass windows she sees a couple of young girls approaching the stalker, filling her empty place by the pole. One is clothed in a red tank top and the other in a dark blue skort.
The metro leaves, breaking the locked gaze between Lynda and the stalker.
Unconditional Love
“I love you,” Ryan says to Lynda, eyes bright with enthusiasm.
“I’m tired, Ryan. Not in the mood for sex.” Lynda hands over the purse and enters the apartment, pushing Ryan aside.
The brightness in his eyes gone, Ryan is motionless, facing the hallway. He has practiced these romantic words for more than a thousand times already, but this cold reaction was so unlike the way Ryan had imagined in his dreams. His mouth dry, he gulps. Lynda’s red purse in his hand, he turns to the apartment.
Standing by the sink, Lynda licks a Popsicle that she has just taken out of the freezer.
“No, I really mean it,” he says, regathering his strength.
“Me too. Oh God, it’s hot in here. Didn’t you fix the AC yet?”
Ah, the AC, Ryan remembers. This Ryan character that I am incarnated into is indeed a lazy one. Shutting the door, Ryan approaches Lynda.
“Baby, it’s not me who would fix it. The landlord said—”
“One thing I asked you, one thing,” Lynda spits and sucks on the Popsicle. “And you can’t do it.”
Putting her purse on the counter, Ryan approaches Lynda. He extends his hand, ready for a romantic caress.
“They’ll have it fixed by tomorrow, babe,” he says softly.
“Oh, forget it.” Throwing the rest of Popsicle in the sink, Lynda leaves the open kitchen, leaving Ryan with his hand stretched out. “This whole apartment is a shithole. It’s small, and it smells, and the AC doesn’t work, and it smells.”
Dropping his hand, Ryan lets out a loud sigh. As if she might have heard it, Lynda turns her angry face to him.
“How did the meeting go?” Ryan asks. “No new audition?”
“Don’t change the subject,” Lynda yells. “I’m sick of this place. We should move to one of those new apartments on 8th street.”
Ryan sighs and turns to Lynda. Facing Ryan, she stands by the couch in the living room with her hands on her waist. That is the I-want-to-talk-but-on-my-own-terms gesture of Lynda. Such conversations are historically nothing to be thrilled about, but still inevitable. Ryan reluctantly steps toward her.
“Babe, we went over this already. We need to wait for my promotion to complete.”
“Oh, forget it. If we rely on your income we get nowhere.”
“What else? You barely even had any auditions last year.”
Lynda frowns. “I’m building up my résumé, you know. The show business is slow. How do you—”
“I know. I know.” Ryan holds her hands. “And I adore this passion in you in pursuing your dreams, and I support you in that. And I love you for that. Love! Speaking of love, I have something important to tell you.”
“Speaking of support, I have something more important to tell you.”
“OK, but can yours wait for a few minutes, baby? What I’m about to say, it’s a matter of life and death.”
“Mine is about my career,” Lynda says, her voice gradually rising. “I’ve devoted my life to my career. And if you can’t understand how important—”
“OK. OK. I’m sorry. You’re right. I’m wrong. OK. You go first,” Ryan says, gesturing to her. She is still shooting Ryan an angry glare. “Go ahead, baby. I’m all ears.”
Pulling Ryan’s hand, she sits on the couch. The mirthless smile that she offers is more disturbing than soothing. She continues, tilting her head.
“Remember that Indian movie we watched, The One Night Stand?”
“Aargh! I slept through most of it. But yeah, I remember bits and pieces.”
“That girl, Sunny Leone—”
“Oh yeah, she was hot. I remember her for sure.”
“She is one of the greatest superstars in India now but—”
“Good for her.”
“But, like me, she also had to work her way up from the bottom.”
“Yeah, I can imagine. Acting is hard everywhere.”
“Do you wanna let me talk?” Lynda shouts.
“Sorry. No more words from me. My lips are sealed,” Ryan says, closing his mouth with a zip gesture. 
Lynda takes a deep breath. Turning her gaze down, she looks at Ryan’s hand while playing with them.
“She started by acting in Adult Entertainment Videos. Then her ratings went up. She got fans, lots of fans. The whole India was watching her videos. Then, instead of her begging Bollywood for a role, Bollywood came crawling to her. In less than three years, she became one of the highest-rated stars in Bollywood. You cannot imagine how many fans she has. So many. Like a lot.” Lynda looks up.
His vision blurred with wet eyes, Ryan watches Lynda looking up at him again.
“So… that is the road to success I’m taking,” she says.
Ryan feels like gagging. For a few moments, he says nothing. A tear eventually escapes his eye.
“You can talk now,” Lynda says softly.
“So,” Ryan squeaks. His stomach cramping, he sits upright. The color drained from his face, Ryan gulps. “You’re going to become a porn worker? What about me?” he growls.
“It’s actually called a porn star,” she yells before quickly lowering her voice. “And… and… I kind of already have,” she says, swallowing the last words.
Ryan throws up on the carpet, a bit of vomit landing on her shoe.
“Oh, my God. Look what you did. You’re disgusting.”
“I’m the disgusting one?” Ryan shouts, looking up at her. “You fuck in porn, and I’m disgusting here!” He throws up again.
“Hey, watch your language. You need to chill out. ‘You fuck in porn.’ ‘You fuck in porn.’”
“Well, don’t you?” Ryan says, leaning back up.
“Ryan,” she responds after a hesitation, willing her voice to calm. “Please try to understand. This is my job. This is… just… something that I do.” 
“What about me? What about us?” Ryan says, tears clogging his throat.
“We love each other. You just said that. That’s all that matters,” she says, offering a smile that no longer looks cute.
“Love?!” Ryan exclaims, his voice tight. “What am I supposed to do when you come back home, having fucked a bunch of guys?”
“Be supportive?” she says, her eyes narrowed.
“Supportive of what?”
“Of my career—” Lynda shouts.
“What career?” His face flushed, Ryan shouts back, louder than her.
“And if you can’t understand that… Yes, my career. I am having a successful career, if you must know. My rating was above 8.1 in the past four months. 8.1. Do you understand what that means? It means 8 stars. How many stars do you have? None. You’re just a loser, jealous of my ratings.”
“Four months?!” Ryan tries to say, but only a muffled whimper comes out. He clears his throat. “You’ve been doing that for four months?”
“Five months actually,” she says, looking away. “It takes a few weeks for the ratings to come out.”
“Five months, and you never told me?”
“Well, the first month was only lesbian scenes. I didn’t think you would mind… much. Then when my career took off I figured on some-level you must already know.”
“How I’m supposed to know?” Ryan yells.
“I don’t know,” Lynda yells back. “How do all my high school teachers know? The same way.”
Pressing his palms against his eyes, Ryan tries to breathe more slowly.
“That’s it,” he says finally, standing up. “We leave. We move out of LA, somewhere no one knows us. I’ll forgive you, and we start over, fresh.”
“Out of LA? Where?”
“Anywhere. I don’t know. Somewhere your adult entertainment videos,” Ryan says in quotation marks, “haven’t reached.”
“How about my career?” she objects, standing up, face to face with Ryan.
“Screw your career.”
“Excuse me!”
“No, I don’t think I will. That’s it. I’m done with this career bullshit. Either you quit now and come with me, or it is over between us.”
“You leaving me?” Lynda sneers. “Is that your best threat? Do you know how many fans I’ve got? Many. I even have my own stalker. Go ahead, leave. I’ll find another boyfriend in just a minute. They’d all die to be with me. Then you would be the one who’s left alone with his pathetic games.”
“Games!” Ryan mutters, the word ringing a bell in his head.
“Yes, games! You put on your gloves and that stupid VR headset, walking in the house like zombies. Games.”
“What am I doing? I completely forgot it’s just a game.”
“That’s what I’ve been telling you, but you never listen.”
“Listen, Lynda.” Ryan holds her arm, inviting her to sit. “Forget about all I said—”
“How can I? You made fun of my career?”
“The hell with your ca—” He swallows the rest of the sentence when he sees the reaction on Lynda’s face. “No. I didn’t mean that. Career is fine. Career is good. But please please listen to me. I’ve got something vital to tell you. Please.”
“OK. I’m listening,” Lynda says, sitting on the couch.
Ryan sits with her, still holding her hand. His hand reaching her chin, Ryan gently turns Lynda’s face toward him. He takes a deep breath while intently looking into her eyes.
“We are playing a game.”
“Oh, Ryan—” Lynda cringes away, getting up.
“No, listen to me,” he says, holding her hand. “Please, Lynda. Please. I’m begging you.”
Lynda reluctantly leans back. Separating her hand from Ryan’s, she crosses her arms. Although her face is turned away, Ryan is glad that at least he has her ears.
“Right now, you and I are lying on two white recliners, side by side, in a freaking green globe. No, not a globe. A green sphere-shaped skyscraper. We have helmets on, just like these VR headsets but more advanced, way more advanced.” Lynda gradually turns her face back to Ryan, her angry look melting away. “The virtual reality that the game produces is so real that we cannot tell it apart from the actual reality. And now your father, Senator Honestman, wants to restart the game, and if we don’t exit before he does, we will be stuck in an induced coma forever.” Out of breath, Ryan is panting.
“Oh sweetie, you have a fever,” Lynda says, putting her hand on Ryan’s forehead.
“No, I don’t. OK, yes, I might. But I’m not hallucinating. I can prove it. Look, look.” Ryan leans back on the couch. “I can decide to exit the game in my heart, and then the next time I go to sleep, bam, I wake up in real life instead. I’ll show you. Look. Look,” he says, closing his eyes. A few moments pass by. He can hear himself breathing rapidly.
“Damn it,” he says after a few moments, opening his eyes. Lynda gives him a patronizing look. “I cannot sleep now. But I’m telling you the truth, and nothing but the truth. You gotta believe me. It’s a game. Everything. Everywhere. It’s all just a game.”
His head feeling heavy, Ryan finds himself leaning forward. His sobbing starts the moment his forehead rests on her lap. He feels Lynda’s soft hand caressing his head. Somehow, that makes him feel more sorry, exacerbating his sob.
Tears penetrate through the skirt, touching her skin.
“OK, I believe you,” she says.
“What?!” Ryan says in shock, sitting up.
“I believe you. I always felt I knew you from somewhere the first time we met. The first time I kissed you, it didn’t feel like the first kiss. I told my mom, but she said it’s just deja vu. So, yes. I believe you. Let’s play your game. Now stop crying, alright?” The compassion of a merciful mother waves in Lynda’s eyes.
The growing smile on Ryan’s face turns into a half chuckle.
“All right,” he says, wiping out the tears with his hand. “I don’t quite follow, but whatever works for you. The reality is awaiting us. Let’s exit this damn game.”
“And how do you suggest we do that? It’s not by having sex, is it?” she asks, flashing her eyebrows.
“No-o-o,” Ryan says reflexively, blushing. It mixes with a smile when the thought brings images into his head. “Everything in time, my love. Everything in time. For now, you just need to decide to exit the game.”
“OK. I want to exit the game,” she says, making a cute face.
“You don’t have to say it.”
“Oopsie,” she says playfully.
“No, that’s OK too. It’s irrelevant. All that matters is that deep in your heart you want to quit the game.”
Ryan tries to ignore how sudden his stubborn Lynda has turned around. Is she playing along or perhaps playing me? Whose game is she playing now? Whatever. In a few minutes, we will be out of this damn game, he thinks. It is not worth overthinking it.
“Done,” Lynda says and smiles, having her eyes closed.
Ryan’s gaze freezes on her face for a moment. He remembers the shut eyes on Lynda’s suffering face, lying down on the recliner in the headquarters. I am bringing this smile back onto your face, my love, Ryan thinks. Just wait a few minutes longer.
“All right,” he says. “We just need to wait to fall asleep.”
“Where?” she asks, eyes still shut.
“Right here, on the couch.” Ryan helps her lean back on the couch. Resting his head on her shoulder, he holds her hand. “Let’s just close our eyes, take a deep breath, and soon we’ll wake up to the real life.”
Which Game?
“Ryan,” Lynda says, lying back on the couch with closed eyes.
“Yes, love,” he responds, lying next to her, holding her hand.
“Are we still in the game?”
“Yep. We have to wait until we fall asleep.”
“How long has it been?”
“Three… four minutes perhaps.”
“Ryan.”
“Yes, Love.”
“What did you say about my father? I mean outside the game.”
“Oh, yeah, he is a tall, handsome Senator. A big shot in Washington, DC. And if the game launches successfully, he’s gonna be filthy rich too.”
“Yeah. I mean when you said he wants to turn off the game. Doesn’t he know that I’m in it?”
“Yeah, that part sucks a bit. He is apparently a major shareholder in the company that produces the game, and his job is to have it prepared for the release on time. So…”
“Even if it imprisons her own daughter in the game?”
“Well, he’s the kind of man that… he is… sort of… he’s an asshole.”
“Bastard,” she spits.
Ryan laughs, his eyes still closed.
“What’s funny?”
“That’s what your mother called him. Bastard.”
“You know I never met my real father. I mean my father in the game.”
“Yeah, your mother, I mean your mother in the game, said he disappeared before paying even the first child support check. You were two or three?”
“One year and eight months and four days,” she says, sorrow in her voice. “That is what my mom tells me. She never told me any story of my father though. She wanted me to have a blank picture of him so that I could fill it up with my imagination.”
“How far did your imagination go?”
“Very,” she says, holding back a sob. “Very. I even imagined that he’s from a different planet, and had to abandon his daughter in order to save the galaxy.”
“Nice! Such an artistic imagination,” Ryan says, trying to change the depressing tone of the conversation.
“And now I have to face reality. A bastard that chooses money over my life.”
Opening the corner of his eyes, Ryan peeks at Lynda when he hears her sob.
“Hey, come on now,” he says, kissing her face on the tears. Opening her eyes, she leans forward, hiding her face with her palms. “It’s not that bad,” Ryan continues. “You have so much to look forward to.”
“Do I?” she snaps, giving him a sideways look. “What is my rating in real life?”
“Rating?” he sneers. “Rating is just part of the game. The game ecosystem leads to the rating system to keep the players motivated. It means nothing.”
“So, in real life, there is no rating for actresses,” she says, turning to Ryan, her sob stopped.
“There is, but only for actresses… and professors… and engineers, and Uber drivers, and… Yeah, pretty much for everything.”
“So, what’s my rating?” she asks with a serious face, staring right into Ryan’s eyes.
Ryan knows that look. The eyes demand the truth, and any amount of sugarcoating would just make them madder.
“You don’t have a rating,” Ryan lays it on her, unfiltered. “You’re just a senior dropout. You left shortly after breaking up with me.”
“Did I? Why?”
“I don’t know.” Ryan gulps, a resurfaced pain knitting his brow. “You never told me.”
“You’re not a jerk in real life, are you?”
“No-o-o-o-o-o. No, I’m not. Swear to God. I’m not.”
“Then, why did I break up with you?”
“I don’t know.” His heart beats faster.
“You do know. Tell me why.”
“I don’t know,” he insists, breathing heavily.
“Why? Why? Why?”
“I don’t know,” he shouts.
“Why? Why? Why?”
“Maybe because you are a crazy, spoiled bitch who doesn’t give a shit about other people’s feelings,” Ryan bursts out and regrets that right away.
“I’m sorry,” he says when he observes the hurt on her face. “I didn’t mean that.”
Now it is Lynda who breathes heavily, her eyes shooting glares of fury at him. Feeling melted under the fire of those stares, Ryan, without thinking, holds his arm up, protecting his face from her glares.
“You know what?” she says finally, standing up. “I don’t think I want to play this game anymore.”
“Yeah, that’s why we are exiting it,” he says, lowering his guard.
“I mean your game.”
“I don’t have a game. This is the game. This life is the game.”
“A game in which I’m a winner,” she says, firm and proud, looking down at Ryan.
“A winner!” Ryan exclaims, letting out a flickering sigh that is too tired to roar its fury. “What is that you are winning?”
“8.2 rating—”
“For god’s sake, Lynda,” he says in a begging voice, his voice tight. “That is just a meaningless number in a made-up game.”
“You’re upset because you’re losing.”
“Look at yourself. Which one of us is the loser here?”
“You are,” she spits, her voice hardened with an unbreakable certainty. “I have fans. Many fans. You’ve got nothing. And you’re jealous of that.”
“Lynda, listen to me,” Ryan pleads, holding her hand. With a gentle push, he unsuccessfully invites her to sit back with him. “For the love of God, listen to me. Real life is not about fans or ratings.”
“What is it about then?” she asks, pulling her hand back.
“It’s about… Ah… It’s about… How would I know? In real life, I’m just 16 years old for God’s sake. It’s not about made-up ratings in stupid games. I know that much.”
“In here,” Lynda says, leaning forward. Her hand under his chin, she tilts his head up, looking down into his eyes. “I’m 23 years old, 7 years older and wiser than what you claim to be in real life. Baby, I advise you to save your time in pursuit of meaning in life, either in its original copy or its replica in this game, as you claim it. People keep jumping from a game to another until either they die or get lucky and find a game that they are good at, getting good ratings. Then, they make up bullshit about how meaningful the particular game they’re winning is.”
Using his sleeves, Ryan wipes her spit from his face. Lynda leans back, standing straight.
“Well,” she continues. “I’ve found my game. And this life is it. I am somebody here. I cannot give this up, going to your life, where I am nobody and I have nobody but a bastard father.”
“You’ll have me,” Ryan says, his voice hoarse.
“I dumped you once. How do you know I won’t do that again?”
“I cannot know. I take that risk.”
“I won’t. Taking risks is for losers who’ve got nothing to lose. I have a good rating to maintain here, and I’m willing to do whatever it takes to do that.”
“You cannot go back to porn,” Ryan shouts, his voice trembling. “You just can’t. I won’t let you.”
Jumping over the couch, Ryan dashes to the kitchen counter. Reaching over the standing knife block, he picks the smallest. His hand shaking, he points the knife at her while staying put by the kitchen counter.
“I’d kill you,” he says as his sob bursts out. “I swear to God, I’d kill you and then I kill myself.”
With an indifferent face, Lynda slowly steps toward Ryan. Tilting her head, she gives him a condescending look.
“You couldn’t even kill the spider. ‘I’ll kill you. I’ll kill you.’,” Lynda says, mocking his male voice. “Give me that, tough guy.” Using her two fingers, she pulls the knife out of his grip with almost no resistance.
Ryan jumps when she stabs the knife on the counter. His knees wobbling, he holds a grip on the counter to stay upright.
“You think life is like your video games, killing people with a button.” Leaned forward, she releases the weight of her scornful gaze on her boyfriend.
Ryan crumples down to the floor, trying in vain to silence his sob. Her index finger rises before his face, pointed at him, almost stabbing him in the eye.
“You’re nothing but a pathetic geek, who crawls into video games to escape reality. While I’m a star, and I’m gonna have it carved in history. My agent has it all planned out already: the most sexual intercourses in a day.”
Hearing a high-pitch beep, Ryan presses hard against his ears.
“920 men, at least. It’ll be in the Guinness World…”
“I want out. I want out. I want out. I want out,” Ryan mutters before he passes out.
The Game of Life
The song of love sung by two lovebirds joins the relaxing sound of a babbling brook to maybe soothe the disturbed heart of Ryan with music. An effort in vain.
A soft hand touches his cheek, wiping the tears. Am I still in the game? Ryan wonders.
“You’re with me,” a female voice responds.
Ryan opens his eyes. Wearing a crown of flowers on her white headscarf, Santa Maria is giving him a compassionate smile. The smile does what singing birds could not do, and Ryan feels at peace at once.
Taking his head off her lap, Ryan sits up when his feet tickle. Various small fishes of different colors kiss him on the feet. Retracting his feet out of the stream, he turns back to Santa Maria. He has never met Santa Maria or has any idea what she would look like, but when one is in her presence, he would know that with every living cell of his body.
Leaning against a tree, she smiles again.
“Where am I?”
“You’re with me.”
“Are we in the game?”
“Not that I know of.”
“I don’t wanna play anymore.”
“But you are so good at it.”
“What are you talking about? I’m failing, over and over. I’m a pathological loser.”
“You are making an effort,” she says, leaning forward, “and you are making a difference, no matter how small it is. Those small changes will eventually make an impact, and love will prevail. Maybe not in your game time, but it will.”
“If I won’t be there to witness the victory, what is in it for me?”
“It’s your choice. If you keep your heart pure, you’d see beauty in love prevailing in the story, even if it is not within your story.”
“Listen to my mom, my man,” a male voice says from above.
Ryan looks up. Instead of the tree, there is a cross, and Jesus is crucified on it.
“Jesus!”
“What’s up, dude?”
“You’re also a gamer?”
“One of the best, man. One of the best.”
“Didn’t you end up crucified?” Ryan asks, pointing at him on the cross.
“Yeah, that part sucked. Especially when from up here I watched my people do nothing about it. But the game didn’t end when my story ended. I might have been labeled a loser while I was in the game, but look at my impact now. Millions of people do good for the love of me. Isn’t that beautiful?”
Maria touches Ryan on the hand. Warm energy transfers to him and overtakes his whole body, reaching his heart. Everything now seems full of vivid colors as if he was colorblind before. Before this moment, he had never noticed how alluring is the scent of light green grass; how exquisite is the pattern on tree leaves, and how mesmerizing is the song of lovebirds. But now, he can see, he can hear, and above them all, he can feel.
“Isn’t that beautiful?” Jesus repeats the question.
“It is. Indeed it is.”
“That’s my man. Many of my sheep, sadly, can’t see that; the ones who end up sacrificing their game time for higher ratings instead of higher values. But you’re smarter than that, aren’t you?”
“I guess. I should.”
“That’s the spirit,” Maria says cheerfully. “Ready to get back in the game, my dear? Make a difference?”
“I… I wish, but… but that seems impossible; not within the rules of the game.”
“Well, then do it outside the rules.”
“How is that even possible?” Ryan chuckles.
“Every game has a cheat code that skips the rules,” Jesus says from the above. “Look at what I did. I raised the dead. I mean, how cool is that?”
“How did you figure out the cheat code?”
“Simple. I just talked to the creator, and he taught me a couple of tricks. Easy peasy.”
“Time to get back in the game, my dear,” Maria jumps in.
“Couldn’t you then use them to escape this?” he asks Jesus, pointing to the cross.
“Nooooo. A true gamer never ruins the game. Cheat codes are exceptions and are to be used wisely, only for exceptional cases. Too much of it, and the game is ruined for the others. If people lose their faith in the game, they wouldn’t play it anymore.”
“Can you teach me a couple of tricks too?” Ryan asks, brightened. “I badly need an exception.”
“Sorry, dude. You gotta ask the creator directly.”
“Ready to go back in the game?” Maria insists, touching Ryan on the hand.
“I’m not sure.”
“Pal,” Jesus calls. “Remember, when in the game, play it like you believe it.”
“Come on, dear,” Maria says. “Feet go into the water.”
Resting his head on her lap, one foot goes into the water. It is cold.
“Maria.”
“Yes, dear.”
“Do you know where I can find the creator?” Ryan asks while putting his second foot in the water.
“I am here only to inspire, my dear,” Ryan hears before sleeping back into the game.
Meanwhile, on Earth
His back to Michele, Senator sits by his daughter’s recliner. Stepping toward them, Michele passes by Ryan’s recliner, the hero who has no one within the dome to worry for him. She circles back around his recliner to have a better visual of his face.
Ryan’s sacrifice has touched Michele deep in her heart, invoking neglected instincts that she has been suppressing for a long time. She was born a potential creator, but focusing on her career, she ended up creating no one in her life. In her heart, nevertheless, she has designed a hologram-ish representation of a son, which was never materialized. And now it is starting to look more and more like Ryan. Brave, smart, selfless, and full of love.
Michele realizes that she is caressing Ryan’s hand. She feels guilty, not sure of what yet. But she does feel responsible to help Ryan, however she can; within the limits of her power of course. Or perhaps even beyond it. Why not? she thinks. After all, if Ryan can sacrifice for love, why cannot she?
“Is he out already?” Senator asks.
Michele notices that the hologram that shows Ryan in the game has disappeared from the center of the room.
Standing above Ryan’s recliner, Senator stares into his face. “Why doesn’t he move?”
“I’m not sure,” Michele responds, looking at the hologram of various graphs appearing before her. “Yes. He must’ve exited. I get no signal of him from within the game.”
“Why doesn’t he move then? Is he dead already?” Senator asks casually.
“No,” Michele says, briefly scowling at Senator. “Breathing is normal”—she turns her eyes back to the graphs—“Blood pressure is normal. Yeah, everything is normal.”
“What is it then?”
“I don’t know. Never have seen this—”
“Wait, wait,” Senator says. “He’s having a dream.”
“A dream! How do you know?” Michele joins Senator in staring at Ryan.
“The eyeballs,” Senator responds. “Look. They’re darting about. He must be asleep.”
“Or in a coma,” Rajneesh says from behind.
“Hmm.” Senator asks Michele, “Do we have any technology to figure which is which?”
“Yeah,” Rajneesh sneers. “It’s called poking.”
“Huh.” Senator strokes his chin.
“Ryan. Ryan,” Michele calls softly, gently caressing his hand. “Can you hear me? Wake up, Ryan.”
Ryan opens his eyes.
Startled, Michele jumps back a bit.
Although his eyes are wide open, Ryan is not moving. His gaze is fixed on the dome’s ceiling.
“Can he see us?” Senator asks, waving his hand before Ryan’s face.
His eyes still open, Ryan’s eyeballs resumes darting about.
“Look, look,” Michele says, excited. “He’s still dreaming.”
“Hey. Wake up, soldier,” Senator yells, poking Ryan on the shoulder.
“What the hell are you doing?” Michele pushes Senator’s hand away. And then she remembers that he is practically her boss now since President has put him in charge. She does not, however, regret her firm reaction. Ryan deserves my protection, she thinks, even if it means crossing the lines a bit. Michele continues her question with her glare at Senator.
Senator bites his lips, perhaps to restrain his anger. “Waking him up,” he responds, brows knitting.
“You can’t do that.”
“You just did that a second ago!”
“Yeah, I know. But we shouldn’t. The shock could push him to a permanent coma.”
“If it hasn’t already,” Rajneesh says from behind.
“Would you shut your mouth?” Senator shouts over his shoulder, releasing his restrained rage.
“Would you untie my hands?” Rajneesh shouts back.
Senator turns all the way to Rajneesh.
Not curious, even a bit, about the interaction between the two men, Michele resumes her gentle caress of Ryan’s hand. Clasping his hand, she lifts it and then leans forward to the point that her lips touch his fingers. “Ryan, my dear,” she whispers.
Senator turns back to Michele. “Why did he close his eyes again?”
“I have absolutely no idea. This is not natural.”
“Unnatural!” Senator says, eyes bugging out. “He must be possessed—”
“Possessed?!”
“Yeah by a demon…or a zombie—”
“He’s just back in the game, you morons,” Rajneesh says from behind.
Michele and Senator look back at the hologram that has reappeared in the center of the room, showing Ryan lying on a stretcher in an ambulance.
Resurrected
Sitting by Ryan’s stretcher, Lynda cries silently in the ambulance.
A female nurse gives him artificial respiration. Showing a flat line, the vital signs monitor makes a constant beeping noise. Touching the nurse on the shoulder, her colleague shakes his head.
With a puzzled look, Lynda watches the interaction between the two. The female nurse, out of breath, leans back and sits on the side of the ambulance. The male nurse takes her place. Without looking at Lynda, he puts a white sheet on Ryan’s chest and then pulls it up until it covers his head. 
“We did all we could,” he says, avoiding eye contact with Lynda.
She throws herself on Ryan’s body, wailing.
“Ouch,” Ryan says, lifting his head.
Lynda screams, jumping back.
Eyes dilated, the female nurse looks at the vital signs monitor, where all the signs are back to normal.
Squinting his eyes, the male nurse stares at Lynda.
“You’re alive,” Lynda says, the furrows on her brow opening with joy.
“I’m back in the game,” Ryan replies, no surprise in his voice.
Snapped back to attention, the female nurse rushes to double check the keys on the vital signs monitor.
Lynda throws herself in Ryan’s arms when he sits up. “I’m sorry, baby,” she cries. “I’m sorry.”
“Where do I know her from?” the male nurse mutters, stroking his chin.
“It’s a miracle!” the female nurse exclaims. “All the signs are normal!”
“It’s OK,” Ryan says while smelling Lynda’s hair. He suppresses his feelings when he remembers Jesus’s advice: ‘When in the game, play it like you believe it.’ “I’m a changed man now,” he says as if he is reading from a script. “Those jealousy feelings, they’re all gone.” Making a determined face, he looks her in the eye. “Whatever you say, whatever you want. Any movie you want to act in, I’ll support it, 100%.”
“Movies!” the male nurse snaps. “I knew you looked familiar. Are you Lynda Honestman?”
“Yes.”
Ryan shoots him a menacing glare.
“Russel,” the female nurse hisses, pulling the shirt of his colleague. His dilated eyes fixed on Lynda, however, he does not seem to notice.
“I loved you in Cum Sucker II. Can I have your autograph?” he asks, almost drooling.
Growling with clenched teeth, Ryan gives him a dirty look.

The ambulance siren is the only sound that breaks the silence of the night in the almost-empty Adams Boulevard. The ambulance suddenly comes to a screeching halt in the middle of the street. Its cabin doors get open, and Ryan is shoved out on the street. The male nurse, who now has a black eye, throws Ryan’s jacket at him.
“Very sorry again… ah… Doctor Nurse,” Lynda says, jumping out of the ambulance. “I cannot apologize more—”
The ambulance leaves while the male nurse is closing the cabin door.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Lynda yells at Ryan. “You can’t treat my fans like that.”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” Ryan responds, raising his hands in surrender. “It was a momentary lapse. I just had to get it out of my system, and now I’m totally OK with the whole situation,” he says, calming his voice down.
“You don’t look OK.”
“I’m working on it. I’m working on it. I’ll be nice, hereafter. Promise. I just… just… I just need to find somebody?”
“Pinky promise?” she asks, showing her little finger.
“Do you know someone called the creator, I mean the coder? A bit narcissist, a lot arrogant, vulgar, with disgusting lustful eyes.”
“I know many men like that.”
“He has probably tried to have sex with you, if he hasn’t already.”
“Yeah… that doesn’t really narrow it down.”
Ryan bites his lips to silence his rage.
“Oh, and he likes to be called a software engineer.”
“Software engineer. Yes. Of course. He is my biggest fan, stalking me all the time. He has a handsome goatee, definitely arrogant, a bald spot in the back of his head, and bad breath, oh God, what an awful breath. I kinda like him.”
“What?! Why?”
“I… don’t know actually. It’s weird to me too. Because he’s funny, I guess?”
“Because he’s programmed you to like him.”
“What does that mean?”
“Never mind. Where can I find this jerk?”
“Ryan, I’m not cheating on you.”
“Honey,” he says, putting both hands on her shoulders. “With the many actors you are working with at your job, cheating is the least of my concerns. Believe me.”
“You said you’ll be nice.”
“Sorry, I meant your co-stars. So, where?”
“Where what?”
“Where can I find the creator, I mean the software engineer?”
“I told you he is a stalker. Wherever I go, he goes too. You’re not gonna punch him too, are you?”
“Noooooo. No, swear to God. No. It was just that one time, that one nurse,” he says with hatred, “and I’m done with violence. I just wanna talk to him.”
“About what?”
“It’s about a game I’m playing. I need to figure out a cheat code, and I’m told this coder guy might know a thing or two about it.”

Fixing his bow tie, Senator prepares himself to give the report when a sliding door on the dome opens. He reviews the speech in his head, thinking how to deliver it most convincingly.
President enters the dome, wearing shorts and a short-sleeve unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt. He is obviously showing off his tan. “Is he back already?” he asks and takes a bite from a red apple so big that it could feed five people.
Senator clears his throat. “We actually had to commission Ryan—”
“I know,” President says while chewing. “I saw Michele’s update on that. Is he back already?”
“Momentarily,” Senator responds. “But he was sucked into the game again.”
“Sucked in!” President takes another bite of the apple.
“We’re not exactly sure what happened,” Michele jumps in. “My team is working on that as we’re speaking.”
“Ah.” President yawns. “This is getting boring,” he says, his mouth full. “We cannot risk the launch anymore. We figured the issue, right?”
Michele nods with hesitance.
“Then it’s time to apply the patch and restart the game.”
“How about Lynda?” Senator objects.
“And Ryan,” Michele says.
“And Lynda,” Rajneesh says and with that everybody turns to him. “Or whatever,” he mutters.
President shouts at Rajneesh, “We’re here because of the mess you created. So shut your mouth before I shut it for you.” He turns to Michele. “I advised to spare the boy’s life and restart the game, didn’t I? But you chose to risk his life again. That’s on you.” He takes another bite of his apple.
Michele turns her gaze down.
“It was my decision,” Senator says, proudly tilting his chin up.
“I know.” President lays his condescending gaze on Senator. “Thanks for disappointing me and the shareholders.”
The short-lived sparkles of pride in Senator’s eyes get quickly buried under the ripples of embarrassment. The term shareholder wakes up some evil forces within him; forces beyond his control. Having nurtured them for years, the forces have grown strong and unstoppable, devouring any flickering light that the love for his daughter has ignited in his heart.
Taking his disappointed glare away from Senator, President turns back to Michele. “We don’t know how long this unasked-for adventure of yours is gonna take. The marketing team has already locked on Christmas for the launch. It has to be released to the influencers by the day after tomorrow if we want to make the Christmas deadline. I’m calling it. We have to get the patched game ready, and these two would be our sacrifice for today. They surely aren’t our first. Right, Senator?” he asks over his shoulder, without bothering to turn to him.
Senator says nothing, his shameful gaze down on his daughter. President’s disappointment casts a shadow of guilt on him. But that is nothing compared to the remorse that is burning him from inside. He is disappointed with himself for letting his daughter die before his eyes, becoming yet another collateral damage.
“If time is the issue,” Rajneesh jumps in, “you can just speed up the game.”
Senator’s eyes gleam with a new hope.
“Oh, my bowels are moving,” President says, his hand on his belly. “Thank you-u-u-u, Miss Apple.”
“This is not in my design,” Michele says, almost shouting.
“It is in mine,” Rajneesh sneers. “It is a configurable variable named ‘emulator.speedup.private’. It controls how fast the emulation of the game, is compared to real life.”
“And why have you been hiding it from me, the designer?” Michele asks, partly embarrassed, partly offended.
“Because it’s not a safe feature. The brain cannot take the higher density of information for too long. Most of the testers got nauseated and one even had a mild heart attack—he was old though, but still. But if you’re going to kill that innocent soul…and Ryan, you might as well just risk the heart attack.”
“How much faster can it get?” President asks.
“With 10x, we tried it for like half a day before the symptoms showed up. With 100x, it took only a few hours.”
“Put it on 1000x,” President says through a full mouth.
“Are you crazy?” Rajneesh says. “We never tried it at such an insane speed.”
The sliding door on the dome opens when President steps toward it.
“Answer me,” Rajneesh shouts.
“I’m going to answer the call of nature,” President says flatly while leaving the room. “By the time I’m back, the game will be over, with these two youngsters in or out of it.” Taking the last bite from the half-eaten apple, he throws it over his shoulder while leaving through the door.
Having the flickering light in his heart reignited, Senator caresses Lynda’s cheek. “Thank you, Rajneesh,” he says without turning back. 
“If that amazes you,” Rajneesh says, “you should see me behind a keyboard.”
That grabs Senator’s attention. He turns to Rajneesh, looking him in the eye. 
“Too bad my hands are tied,” Rajneesh says, raising his hands that are tied with a gray duct tape.
“Seems like we have no choice,” Michele says, breaking the moment between the two. She raises her finger, and with that, the hologram of the green indicator rises all the way to the top, turning dark red.
Snapped out of it, Senator attends Lynda, who is now respiring rapidly.
The Cheat Code
Zippy, a bum, clothed in sagging pants, stops Ryan by pressing his hand against his chest. His other hand is holding up his pants. His face is covered with rashes.
“There is a line here, bro. This guy thinks he smart, just jumps to the front. And we’re waiting in line like assholes. Yeah, why not? I’m a smart ass too. Bullshit, man. I’m standing here like a dick since last night, and this bro comes out of nowhere, cuts line, and—”
“Do you know Lynda?” Ryan asks the bum.
“What the fuck is India?”
“You don’t know what the line is for?”
“For fucking a bitch tomorrow, for free. Oh, bro, I haven’t fucked one for… forever, bro.”
While groaning, Ryan takes his furious eyes off him and moves on.
“50 bucks,” the bum says, holding Ryan’s arm. “50 bucks, and you can have my spot. Look, there’s only like 20 people before me. You could get in early before the bitch is worn out.”
“I’m not in this game for sex,” Ryan says, grinding his teeth, while removing the bum’s grip on his arm.
“Okay. 20 bucks.”
Ryan keeps moving on to the front of the line.
“Okay, 30,” the bum yells from behind, “and that’s my final fucking offer.”
Passing by the other bums, Ryan finds virtual Rajneesh the first in line. A straw hat pulled down on his face, he comfortably leans back in a camping chair. He has come well-prepared; there is a cooler next to him, on which there are multiple bags of chips. He holds an open beer between his legs—either to warm the beer or to cool his crotch.
Ryan finds his fist clenched right away. It takes a few moments for him to suppress the hate. He finally manages to partly wipe the disgust off his face, covering it up with a Pan Am smile.
“Excuse me, sir,” he says but gets no response.
Rajneesh, without looking up, takes another gulp of the beer and then puts it back between his legs.
“Aren’t you a software engineer?” Ryan asks, maintaining the Pan Am smile.
“Yes, I am,” Rajneesh says excitedly, jumping up from his chair. Moving his straw hat back up, he looks Ryan up and down. “Do I know you?” he asks.
“It’s me… John.”
“John?”
“Yeah, John. I was interning in your department last summer. Don’t you remember me? Of course, you don’t. Why would the legendary software engineer remember a nobody intern?”
“John, yeah,” Rajneesh says, his face relaxed. “I think I remember you. What are you doing here, man?”
“I’m gaming, man. I’m gaming. And I’m loving it. What you created, man, it’s just… there are no words for it… Awesome. Yeah, that’s what it is. Absolutely awesome.”
“Isn’t it?” Tears welling up his eyes, Rajneesh gulps. “Thanks, man. You know, only a real software engineer can truly appreciate the art of a fellow software engineer. I’m glad you… you—” Rajneesh frowns, his eyes narrowing. “How did you get in the game, again?”
“Like you, I guess. They’re giving away early passes for the beta release. I was lucky I got one because I was interning with you. Didn’t you get in here the same way?”
“Oh, yeah. Try-on passes. Of course. Except that I’m not yet in the game. You see, I’m not exactly me. I’m a… virtual me.”
“Oh, you mean you got a permanent replica of yourself in the game. That’s sick, man. Awesome!”
“Yeah,” Rajneesh says, his look growing suspicious again. “That’s exactly what it is. Did you say you worked at my department?”
“Yeah, man. Not directly with you though. But I always admired—”
“Yeah, yeah. What do we call the gym’s spa?”
“What?” Ryan asks, his voice tight.
“The gym’s spa. What do we call it?”
Thinking hard to figure a smart answer, Ryan feels a drop of sweat sliding down on his temple.
“You mean the spa in the gym?”
“Yep.”
“The gym in the headquarters?”
“Yep.”
“Jacuzzi?” Ryan says in a hesitant voice.
Showing his teeth, fury overtakes Rajneesh’s face.
“Just messing with ya,” Ryan says. “Fart-pool, we call it. All thanks to you, of course,” he says and follows that with a mirthless chuckle.
After a moment of hesitation, Rajneesh roars with laughter.
Pulling down his eyebrows and wrinkling his nose, Ryan watches the pieces of chips stuck to Rajneesh’s teeth. “It would be nice to knock out those dirty teeth,” he thinks. “No, no, no. Not a smart play, Ryan. Not a smart play. You can do better. Violence is not the solution.”
“Listen, man,” Ryan says, interrupting Rajneesh’s never-ending laughter. “What’s fun around here? Whatever it is, I’m game.”
“Well, tomorrow morning, I’ll finally stick it to Lynda. It’ll be a gang bang show here. You know Lynda Honestman?”
Biting his lips, Ryan tries to swallow his rage. He somehow cannot unclench his right fist though.
“It rings a bell,” Ryan growls, hiding his fist behind him.
“She’s the daughter of that crooked senator, Honestman,” Rajneesh says in air quotes. “I’ve had my eyes on her for quite some time now.”
“Oh yeah. She must be some piece of ass,” Ryan says, grinding his teeth.
“I certainly hope so. I like her face too, especially when she smil—”
“And…and…what’re you doing here now, if it’s tomorrow?”
“Of course I gotta get in first. Who knows what kind of diseases these dirty bums are carrying on their dicks. I gotta take care of my character. You should also get in the line before it is too late. There is going to be a thousand—”
The pondering frown comes back to Rajneesh’s face, this time deeper. “Ah… Hmm… No, I changed my mind,” he continues. “Now that I know you, it feels weird. Interesting! I never thought I would be of the jealous type. Sorry, pal. You gotta find action somewhere else. Just keep looking. If there is anything—”
“Actually, there is. I wonder if you could show me a cheat code?”
“A cheat code?”
“Yeah. You know every game has a cheat code. I really could use one now. You know how hard it is to get laid in LA. It should be called the city of saved-for-the-show-biz angles.”
“I feel your pain, pal. But there isn’t anything you could do to cheat the game, not at least from here.”
“What do you mean?”
“The only cheat code is the dream. You see, we had this annoying, self-involved girl in our org that calls herself a designer—”
“Yeah, Michele.”
“How do you know Michele?”
“Well, how many annoying, self-involved broads are in the headquarters?”
“Good point. Her requirement sheet specified that the dream should be random pictures from past events. And you know that there is no real random number in the computer world, only pseudo-randoms?”
“Of course.”
“So what I did, and here comes the art, is that I implemented my own pseudo-random function called PseudoRandomDream that hashes the input number and makes them look random.”
“And what are those input numbers?”
“Anything. Anything I wanted to inject into the dream. But as I said, you gotta be outside the game to change the input to that function. Unless there is a zero-day—”
“Yeah. Like no day at all.”
“No! Zero-day vulnerability.”
“Yes. Of course.”
“What kind of software engineer you are that doesn’t know what a zero-day vulnerability is?” Rajneesh asks rhetorically while getting up from his chair, face to face with Ryan.
Ryan cringes when the bad breath hits him. “Okay. I’m done with you,” he says and walks away.
“What was the name of your mentor?” Rajneesh shouts from behind. “Hey, I’m talking to you. Come back here. Don’t you dare ruin this for me. God damn it. God damn it.”
Ryan hears Rajneesh’s rant as he walks away. He looks up in the sky and says: “Michele, if you are hopefully listening to this, there is a cheat code for the game. The function’s name is PeusdoRandomDream. I want you to inject this sequence into Lynda’s dream tonight. It has to be tonight or there will be no tomorrow. Listen closely. The dream starts with…”
The Dream
“Lynda, wait,” Ryan calls.
“Not tonight, Ryan.” She turns to him, her hand still on the doorknob of the bedroom. “You gotta sleep on the couch. Tomorrow is my big day.”
“I just wanted—”
“Then don’t just want to. Okay,” she snaps, almost shouting. “Just don’t. This is my life, my career, my decision. Just sleep on the couch for a few nights more and I’ll make it up to you later. Okay?”
Ryan gulps the pain that he cannot find the words to share with Lynda. It aches when one opens his chest, takes his heart out, and holds it in his hands, offering it as a sacrifice to prove his love, and in return, he gets a slap on the dick because apparently, it is blocking her route to higher ratings. He shows the heart, and she sees the dick. He wants to scream: look at my heart, beating only for you; I am not in this game for sex. But who would believe that from a young adult in his sexual prime? He might be a teen in his heart but still trapped in a young adult persona within the game.
Gulping the pain down is the only way forward for Ryan to play this game.
“Okay?” Lynda repeats the question.
“OK, love. Whatever you say, whatever you want. I just need to tell you something.”
“I’m listening,” she says, opening the door ajar.
“If you ever found faith,” Ryan says, holding her other hand and putting it on his chest, “if you ever believed in me, if you ever dreamed a life beyond this game, just remember the way out. You just wish to exit the game, and the next time you wake up, you’ll be in the real world.”
“Goodnight, Ryan,” she says, pulling her hand back.
“Just promise me you’ll think about it.”
“OK, promise. Happy? Now, leave me alone,” Lynda says and shuts the bedroom door on Ryan.

Michele’s eyes fall on the hologram of the ticking clock above Ryan’s bed. It is as if she gets stabbed in the heart with each tick of the clock’s second hand.
Senator seems to be equally distressed. Clasping the hand of his unconscious daughter, he leans down and gives her a fatherly kiss. 
“All right. The shit is shat,” President says as he steps into the dome through the sliding door. He turns to Michele. “Now, let’s flush this tragedy.”
“They’re still in the game,” Michele says in a begging voice.
“Then it sucks to be them,” President responds and lets out a loud belch.
“This is their life you’re taking,” Senator objects from behind. “This is murder.”
Without turning to Senator, President dismisses the protest with an airy wave over his shoulder. “Call it whatever you call it. It’s not the first compromise we’ve made, and it won’t be our last.”
“This is my daughter’s life,” Senator shouts.
With a condescending look on his face, President slowly turns to Senator. “We all have to sacrifice for the greater good. Sorry, but not sorry. I don’t play games with the release of my game.” He turns back to Michele without giving Senator a chance to insist.
Biting his lips, Senator takes his raging eyes off President and walks toward Rajneesh.
Michele wonders why. Her gaze breaks from Senator when President orders, “Michele, do it.” As usual, his voice echoes in Michele’s head as if she receives divine inspiration. Thinking of Ryan’s sacrifice, nevertheless, she gathers all the courage that is still left in her. “No,” she says in a low voice that can hardly be heard. Facing President, she stands between him and the stand with the reset button on it.
“What do you mean No?”
The echoes gradually wearing off, Michele sees the man behind the voice—surprisingly for the first time. “This isn’t right,” she says, her voice trembling.
“Michele, push the damn button, now,” President commands, expressing his frustration on every single word.
He might look big but at the same time seems hollow to Michele, like an empty balloon. “No,” she insists, this time loud and firm.
“Never make a business depend on broads,” President mutters, letting out a sigh of disappointment. “If you wanna get it right, you gotta do it yourself,” he says, pushing Michele out of his way. He removes the plastic protection, raises his hand, makes a fist, and smashes it at the red reset button.

Sitting in front of the Lynda’s bedroom door, Ryan hugs his knees, his head resting on them. A blanket on his shoulders has helped him survive the night in the corridor. His gaze locked on the doorknob, he prays hard that Michele has implanted the dream on time. This miracle would be Ryan’s last shot to salvage Lynda’s soul from this game.
His heart sinks into his stomach when the doorknob finally turns. Lynda pulls the door open.
He wakes up from the light nap when Lynda opens the door.
“Ryan!” she calls. “You scared me. You’re up early. What’re you doing here?”
“Did you have it?” he asks, his eyes yearning for a positive response.
“Have what?”
“The dream.”
“No. Thanks to you,” she says sarcastically, walking to the bathroom.
Ryan gets up off the floor and follows her.
“I could barely even sleep,” she continues. “Every time I was about to fall asleep, I saw your face and I woke up. Thanks a lot.” Lynda spits the last words beyond the bathroom door.
Leaning his forehead against the wall, Ryan punches it. That is the only way for him not to scream his pain and his fear of facing the unfaceable day.
“Sweetie, be a doll and make me a strong coffee… with lots of sugar. I don’t wanna fall asleep during the show.”
“Anything you say, love,” Ryan says, grinding his teeth, as he punches the wall again. “Anything you want, love.”
Ryan’s bleeding knuckles leave red stains on the wall. Only if it was the last drop of blood that will be shed today.

The handwritten banner on the wall of the abandoned building says ‘Hector’s Studio’. The line starts from a bed at the center of the parking lot, makes multiple turns within the lot, and continues to the sidewalk. The end of the line is not clear as it turns to the sidewalk of the crossing street. There must be two or three thousand men in line, waiting for their turn with Lynda.
Near the front of the line is Zippy, the bum, picking his nose. The people around him do not look much different that him; mostly hobos and layabouts gathered from all the four corners of LA. Zippy is glad he has come early, saving a good spot near the front.
“One, two, three,” the voice over the speaker says. “One, two, three.”
“Who’s that douchebag?” Zippy asks another bum, both wearing sagging pants. The dirty pants seem to have been light blue one day. 
“I’m Hector,” the man behind the mic says, “or you must know me as the King of Porn.” He stands on a podium at the center of the parking lot, overlooking the bed.
“OK. OK,” he says, disappointed. “I was expecting a round of applause there, but whatever. Welcome to Lynda Show, where not only will you be the audience but also the star of the show; any single one of you. You’ll be both the entertainer and the entertained. That’s the kind of brilliance that only Hector’s Studio has the audacity to… do. The talent, Lynda, will arrive in half an hour. Before the show starts, let’s go over the rules.”
“This is all bullshit man,” Zippy says. “All the rules and regulations. Even for fucking, they don’t let you be the fuck alone.”
His eyes on Hector, the other bum has no reaction but scratching his untrimmed beard.
“Rule Number 1. We have to break the record of 919 intercourses per day. Each of you has only 40 seconds with the talent. If you come early, good for you. If not, that’s your problem. So, I want you to pull it out right when I tell you, and I want you to move aside quickly so the next star meets the talent. I want you to be fast and I want you to be accurate. Any violation of this rule, and these two little boys here,” Hector says, pointing to huge guys in tank tops, standing next to the podium, “will take your balls off. And, I don’t mean figuratively. So, no horsing around.”
“Not a problem for me,” Zippy says. “I’ll probably come in the first 10 seconds.”
“Good for you, bro,” the other bum responds, tapping him on the shoulder. No hand left to hold his sagging pants up, they fall down. He does not seem to care.
“Rule Number 2,” Hector continues. “There is no time for foreplay. So, I want you to do whatever you need to do to get yourself hard before your turn starts. I would start now if I was you.”
“Hey. Move your fucking penis over, man,” Zippy yells, flinching.
“Sorry, bro,” the other bum apologizes, his indifferent face showing no sign of shame. “I gotta get hard.”
“Rule Number 3,” Hector carries on. “I want you all to be wearing a condom. And do not share them. That’s not cool. At Hector’s Studio, we take sexual health absolutely seriously. Anyone who puts his dick in the talent without a new condom, their name will be registered, and they will be banned from appearing in porno movies made by Hector’s Production Company for the next 10 years.”
“You got a condom, bro?” Zippy asks.
“Who gives a shit,” the other bum spits, still trying to get hard.

Ryan is dressed, wearing his rust jeans and beige checkered shirt. Standing by the coffee machine, he stirs sugar in the coffee tumbler. The knife that Lynda stabbed on the counter a few days ago, has left a big crack in it. Ryan is pondering how Lynda has the guts to do what needs to be done, and how he does not, and how he must find some.
The doorbell rings.
“I’ll get it. I’ll get it. I’ll get it,” Lynda says, dashing to the door, her purse hanging on her shoulder. She opens the door ajar. Ryan cannot see who is behind it.
“The limousine is waiting outside,” the voice of an old woman says. It must be her evil agent, Ryan thinks.
Holding the coffee tumbler, Ryan approaches Lynda with trembling steps. The lid lying on the counter, the stirring spoon is still in the coffee.
“Thanks for the coffee,” Lynda says, extending her hand to take the tumbler.
“Are you sure you didn’t dream last night?” Ryan asks, grabbing her hand. 
“Is there a problem?” a thick male voice says from behind the door. The door opens wide. The agent has come with two security guards, one larger than the other.
“No. No problem,” Lynda says, pulling her hand away.
“It’s not too late,” Ryan insists, holding his grip on her hand. His eyes are red as if blood is waving in them.
“It’s getting late, honey,” the agent says. “The red carpet ceremony starts at 8:30 sharp.”
“Sure, Maria,” Lynda says and looks Ryan in the eye. “I gotta go now.” His grip loosened, she yanks her hand free.
“Maria!” Ryan snaps before Lynda is out the door.
“Yeah.”
“Your name is Maria?” he sneers.
“You got a problem with that?” Maria says, pointing to the huge guards behind her.
“I knew an inspiration called Maria. She… she lived such a pure life that God cherry-picked her to bear his own son. Are you two related?” His face shrunk, Ryan shows his teeth.
Her eyes dilated with shock, Lynda stares at Ryan, mouth half-open. She seems to have stopped breathing.
“Ha ha, very funny,” Maria says and pulls Lynda by the arm.
Still haunted by Ryan’s odd remark, Lynda cannot care less about her coffee now.
While being pulled away, she looks back over her shoulder. The light pours out from the open door. Peering between the huge guards behind her, she kind of hopes to find Ryan there.
Feeling weak in his knees, Ryan leans against the door frame on his right hand, his left hand holding Lynda’s coffee.

Lynda sits by the window, in the back of the limo. Her head tilted down, she stares at her red-painted nails. She remembers Ryan’s bloody eyes, his last look, and his last words.
“Maria—,” she says before getting interrupted.
“Jesus,” Maria yells at the Asian security guard who is driving, “take your time. Let’s keep them waiting.” She turns to Lynda.
Mouth half-open, Lynda stares at her.
“What?” Maria asks.
“Ji-Zes?”
“What?”
“Did he come with a bible?”
“It’s just a name. Don’t look at me like that. You’re freaking me out.”
“Sorry, Maria,” Lynda says, hanging her head down again.
“Why don’t you just relax, honey, rest a bit. We have 20-25 minutes before we get there.”
Lynda opens the window to get some fresh air. She rests her head on the side, while the soft breeze caresses her face. Her eyes getting heavy, she shuts them for a second.

Ryan puts the coffee tumbler on the counter. Opening the drawer, he takes out a white towel. A black NAA Mini-Revolver shows when he unwraps the towel. The absorbent fabric quickly hides the tears that fall on it.
Not to overthink it, Ryan hastily loads the gun with the six bullets that are lying on the towel. He rushes for the door the moment the gun is loaded. It hits the tumbler, spilling the coffee all over the counter. Sucking in the spilled coffee, the white towel quickly turns brown.
The door left wide open, Ryan is no longer there in the apartment, nor is the loaded NAA Mini-Revolver.

“I created this world,” President thinks, “and I finish it myself.” Removing the plastic protection, he raises his hand, makes a fist, and smashes it at the reset button.
“You bastard,” Senator yells, jumping the President before his fist hits the red button.
His giant body slightly pushed off balance for a second, President angrily turns and, using only his left hand, chokes Senator. 
His face flushed red, Senator’s eyes pop out.
“Well, well, well. Look who’s showing his true colors.” With his right hand, President takes the yellow pocket square out of Senator’s chest pocket and blows his nose in it. “You just got served.” He sneers at the traitor.
Clawing his fingers at President’s hand, Senator tries in vain to pry away the tight grip on his neck. A piece of gray duct tape is stuck to Senator’s wrist—the same that was used to tie up Rajneesh.
That makes President suspicious. He turns to Rajneesh but does not find him tied to his chair. Hearing the sound of fingers tapping on a wooden desk, he turns his gaze over Senator’s flushed face and onto the control board. “What the hell is that coder doing free?” he screams in fear.
“It’s software engineer, asshole,” Rajneesh says calmly, typing on the hologram of the virtual keyboard that has appeared on the desk by the monitoring board. 
President throws Senator aside and sprints toward Rajneesh with clenched fists.

Ignoring the seven-foot, bulky man charging him, Rajneesh nonchalantly pretends to chew gum. “It’s software engineer, asshole,” he says calmly.
Maintaining the indifferent look, he slowly turns his face to attacking President. “And miracles are what we do,” he says while pressing the Enter key on the virtual keyboard.
Before President’s fist reaches over, a flying robot slaps a gaming helmet on his head, and with that, he collapses on the floor like 250 pounds of dead meat.
“What’s happening?” Senator asks with a hoarse voice while rubbing his throat.
“Let’s just say,” Rajneesh responds, still pretending to chew gum, “he’s taking his own game for a spin. Only this time, if the game dies, he’ll die with it.”
“I’ve already reduced the emulation speed,” Michele says, showing the hologram of the speed indicator, which is now back to its green color. “I’ve also injected the dream that Ryan requested. Hope it lands on time.”
“Look. He’s loading a gun!” Senator says fanatically, pointing to the hologram of Ryan at the center of the room.
“What the hell is he up to now?” Michele asks, stepping toward the hologram.
“I only can guess,” Rajneesh says, his finger drumming on the wooden desk. “And it ain’t pretty.”

Her eyes shut, Lynda’s eyeballs dart about.
“Lynda. Lynda. Lynda,” Maria calls multiple times. She eventually shakes her arm. “Lynda,” she calls again.
Lynda wakes up.
“It’s showtime, honey.”
Lynda takes a second to digest the dream she’s just had. The scenes are coming back to her, the images, and more importantly the feelings. The dream has drilled a tunnel in her heart and let the long-imprisoned, suppressed feelings fly free all over her mind.
“I want out,” she mutters.
“What?”
“I want out,” she says, firmly this time.
“Out of what?”
“Out of everything,” Lynda sobs. “Out of here. Out of this fucking game.”
“Hey, hey, hey. Relax, alright,” Maria says, wrapping her hand around Lynda’s neck. “You just had a bad dream, that’s all. Just ignore it, and it’ll be fine. Trust me. Been there, done that. Look. Look what you did to your make-up,” she says, reaching for her purse on the opposite seat.
“Jesus,” she whispers while leaning forward, “we might need a bit of encouragement here.”
“Yes, boss,” Jesus says, leaving the car.
“Now let’s get you nice and pretty,” Maria says, flashing a big smile while applying makeup on Lynda. “And if things get rough, just remember how high your rating will be when the day is over, and you’ll be able to pull through.”
Jesus opens the door and grabs Lynda’s arm.
“Hang on,” Maria says, applying a thick red lipstick on her lips. “Aa-a-a-and, ready.”
Jesus pulls Lynda out of the limo.
Red Carpet
Clothed in clean, rust jeans and a nice beige, checkered shirt, Zippy, the bum, counts the dollar bills in his hands. He leaves the area when the limo arrives.
Thousands of men cheer when Jesus pulls Lynda out of the limo. Lined up at Hector’s Studio, also known as the abandoned, semi-constructed building, they anxiously wait for the show to start.
Jesus pushes Lynda onto the red carpet that goes all the way to the center of the parking lot, where multiple cameras are pointing at a twin bed with black linens. They have to be in dark colors, or otherwise, the dirt will show in the first hour.
“Lynda. Lynda. Lynda,” men chant, joining the voice on the speaker, the moment Lynda steps on to the red carpet.
“I want out,” Lynda mutters. The curse lifted, the shiny image of stars and ratings have lost their magic on her. “I want out,” she says firmly. She steps forward, however, when Jesus pushes her. “I want out,” she screams, but the scream gets lost among the chants of many thousand excited men who want her in the game and on the bed. Her feet unsuccessfully try to resist Jesus’s push on her back.
Ten feet into the red carpet, she looks back. She barely can see the limo behind the crowd that now has filled the red carpet behind her. Devoured among the horny men, she hears the limo driving away, and with that her last chance to escape this obscenity. Jesus pushes on her back again.
As she approaches the bed, multiple spotlights light up the scene. 
Their erect dicks pointed at Lynda, the men at the front of the line are ready for their turn with the star, 45 seconds each.

“Is there anything you could do?” Senator asks Michele. “Ryan with the gun! I cannot stop worrying about it.”
“I once created Uranus on Earth,” Rajneesh says from behind. “I can do the same again in Uranus.”
Senator turns back to him.
Lying on a recliner risen through the floor, next to Lynda’s, Rajneesh puts a game helmet on. “Wish me luck,” he says and passes out.
“What the hell is he up to, now?” Senator shouts, turning to Michele.
“Don’t look at me,” she says, shrugging. “I’ve never understood these coders. Nobody has.”

“I love you, Lynda,” a familiar voice says from the right. Lynda turns to the voice and sees Ryan dressed like a bum.
“Ryan—”
Before she can finish, Ryan points the NAA Mini-Revolver at her and shoots.
Rajneesh jumps at the last moment, facing Lynda. The bullet goes right through his head and comes out of his forehead. His brain smashed out, Rajneesh falls dead on the red carpet. Lynda falls next to him, having been hit in the neck by the same bullet.
Ryan puts the gun in his mouth, but before he gets the chance to pull the trigger, the raging men attack him. He gets lost among the many half-naked men who beat him to death.
Lynda is lying on the red carpet, blood coming out of her mouth. “I want out,” she says indistinctly before she passes out.
Saving The Savior
Lynda wakes up from the game, panting.
Bursting into tears, Senator hugs her from the side. “I’m sorry, my dear. I’m sorry. I love you. I love you more than anything in this world.”
“It’s true.” Lynda gasps. “It was all a game.”
“Game’s over now,” Senator says, kissing her on the forehead. “Have no worries, my dear.”
Michele brings her a glass of protein shake.
“Is he my biggest fan?” Lynda asks and chugs the shake.
“No,” Michele responds. “That would be Rajneesh, the software engineer. He bravely entered the game a few minutes ago, just to save you.”
“How about Ryan? Is he real?”
“He is. Incredible, but all real. Over here,” Michele says, pointing to Ryan’s body, lying on the recliner to Lynda’s left.
“That’s Ryan Public!” Lynda exclaims.
“The very same. The hero of the day.”
“He shot me! He shot right at me!”
“I guess love could also go crazy sometimes.”
“Why isn’t he up yet?” Lynda turns her gaze from Ryan to Rajneesh. “When will they exit the game?”
“They, unfortunately, died in the game before exiting it. And when one dies bef—”
“So,” Lynda whimpers. “Are they dead?”
“No, no, no. They’re fine. They’re just reincarnated back into the game. Their reincarnated character, however, has a reset memory.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that they won’t know they are in the game.”
“Like I didn’t.”
“Luckily you’re saved now, my dear,” Senator says, touching her on the shoulder. Your mother is awaiting you in the hallway.”
“I’m going back in.”
“What?!” Senator squeaks.
“I’m going back in the game. I shall save my savior.”
“My dear. You just got out. You have no idea how much trouble we went through to save you from the game.”
“And you have no idea what a hellish life people have in the game, with all the scores, ratings, and racing to the top. I cannot abandon him to get tormented there. He sacrificed his life for me. Now it’s time for me to sacrifice mine.”
“This is going to be an almost impossible mission,” Michele pleads. “He won’t recognize you. His memory is entirely reset.”
“Not…entirely,” Lynda says. “Deep down I always knew this was just a game. Deep down I always knew I was destined for more. I just needed a reminder.” Inspired by an idea, she asks Michele, “You must have designed the dream, right?”
“It was Ryan’s idea,” Michele responds. “And the credit for designing the cheat code goes to the software engineer.”
“OK. Let’s try that again.”
“Sweetie, I cannot lose you again,” Senator says in a begging voice.
“I’m not just your daughter, dad. I am the daughter of Senator Honestman. I have to… We have to live up to our names.”
With his eyes, Senator eventually expresses partial agreement. “But—”
“Where’s my helmet? Michele, send me next to him?”
“Ah… Which one? We have two lost souls.”
Lynda’s gaze turn to Ryan, and then on Rajneesh, and then on Ryan again. She sighs. “Do I have to choose now?”
“No, it’s fine. I have a random function that Rajneesh has designed. Pseudo-random function to be accurate.” 
“All right. Hook me in,” Lynda says and sleeps into the game.
In the middle of the room, President is still lying on the floor, the game helmet on his head. His eyeballs darting about, a sinister smile appears on his face.
The End
