Vampire Cop
Sheri Kurtz
Copyright © 2013 Sheri Kurtz
All rights reserved.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
ISBN: 10: 1494335379
ISBN-13: 978-1494335373
Acknowledgments
Editing was done by Becky Kurtz. Thank you for being the grammar police that you are.
Dedications
Kelly, you have been amazing with the help you provided for me. You got me through my writer’s block when nothing else would. Thank you.
Jodi, your support and insight into my writing has been beyond what anyone person could expect, Thank you.
Tara, your advice, even though I didn’t take some of it, was awesome. Thank you for all you have done for me.
I could never leave out my family. Mom, you were my first fan. You were always there to encourage me when I was ready to give up. Thank you.
Tracy, the love of my life, I know me being stuck up at the computer writing this was annoying to you but thank you for putting up with it. 
To my kids, never give up on your dreams. I am living mine right now and remember, whatever you may do or need in life, I am always here to support you.

PROLOGUE

The evening air felt good as it rushed through my hair. The sun was already turning shades of orange and pink as it lowered below the horizon. My day started out shitty when I slept through my alarm and missed my morning run. It got worse as the day went on with my job. Making up for my run in the evening is doing wonders to ease my tense body.
 With one mile left of my two mile run, I headed home for the evening. The long dirt road leading to my home is lined with trees on each side. A few homes could be found between the main road and my home. With over 200 acres down both sides of the road, you could say I live in the boondocks, if it weren’t for those few homes. The land lining the dirt road is owned by my father. Well, most of it. He chose to sell off the few lots that now have homes. Mine was given to me by my parents as a gift when I moved out. Guess they wanted the house to themselves since I was the last to leave.
I now had a quarter of a mile left to go and my t-shirt was beginning to stick to my body from the sweat. I was glad I had chosen to wear a pair of shorts instead of my jogging pants tonight. Before I could get my next thought out, something crashed into me, throwing me into the edge of the woods. I tried to roll over onto my back so I could fight whoever it was attacking me. All I was able to do was glance over my shoulder before I felt a sharp pain go through my back. 
Before I could catch my breath, I was roughly rolled onto my back. I stared up into pale blue eyes that were filled with hate and joy at the same time. He was about six foot tall and 180 pounds. His dark hair was in a mess like he hadn’t brushed it in a few days. 
An evil smile spread across his face as he looked down at me. “Payback is a bitch. Hope you rot in hell for what you have done, Deputy Anderson.” Standing up, he gave a swift kick to my stomach, then he turned and ran off.
Not quite clear on what he was talking about, the world around me became fuzzy. I looked down to the blood on my hand and noticed it was a dark color. I knew I was in trouble. He had hit my liver. There wasn’t much time to get to the hospital and it would take the ambulance at least twenty minutes to get here. I didn’t think I had that much time. Besides, I wasn’t really sure where I was or how far from the road I was. I’d be dead before they could find me.
With a shaky hand I reached into my pocket for my cell phone. Suddenly, I heard footsteps coming towards me. Fear shot through me as I thought about him coming back to take what little time I had to get help away from me.
“They won’t make it in time.” It was a soft but strong voice from behind me.
I didn’t know how to answer him. I knew he was right. “I have no other choice. I’m not really in the mood to die right now.”
“You do have a choice but it is yours’ alone to make. I am not a normal person.” For the first time I could see him as he stepped in front of me. His black hair was shoulder length. His eyes were the color of emeralds. Standing at 5’ 9” he gave the impression of strong confidence. 
“What choices do I have? Do you have some kind of fix-it-all medicine?”  I opened my phone to call for help only to have him take it and close it.
“You are fading fast my young friend. And yes, to some extent, I do. I am a vampire. I can give you your life back, if you agree to become like me.”
I didn’t have much strength left to fight with him and I didn’t believe for one minute he was telling the truth. All I thought at the moment was he was a freak and I was going to die. “There is nothing you can do for me but delay my help.” I flopped back onto the ground; losing the battle of life and death.
“Okay. If you really believe you can do this then help me, please. I don’t want to die.”
I couldn’t see what he did in response, my world was growing black, in a short few seconds I felt a sharp jolt, like I was being shocked, going through my back. I didn’t even know he had rolled me over. The pain was so intense a moan of pure agony broke its way through my lips as his blood closed and healed the spot where I had been stabbed.
He then rolled me onto my back and I felt his wrist as he pressed it against my mouth. “Drink until I stop you. Afterwards, I’ll take you home so I can rest and finish the transformation.”
For some reason unknown to me, the smell of his blood brought a need to me that only drinking it seemed to stop. I’m not sure how long I drank before I felt his gentle tug pulling away the only thing I wanted. When he finally broke free from me, he lifted me over his shoulders and carried me home.
The next twelve hours were hell; the pain was excruciating. While he slept for eight hours, I lay in bed, crippled with pain, and Sadie, my Rottweiler, wasn’t helping much either. She lay at my feet whining and bumping my legs every few minutes causing the pain to sharpen. To top it off, the next morning, right before he was about to finish the change and completely stop the pain, my parents stopped in. It took me four hours to convince them I didn’t need to go to the hospital. I just needed rest. 
As soon as the door closed behind my parents, the vampire was next to me with his wrist against my mouth. After what seemed like forever, the pain finally stopped and this time, I pulled away on my own.
I opened my eyes and all at once everything seemed strange. Even though the lights were off and shades were closed, I could see every detail of my room. I could even hear a bird making its nest in the woods behind my home. I realized there was a distinct odor of dog. “You need a bath.”
“I’m sorry?” The vampire was on the edge of the bed watching me.
“Not you, her.” I responded by nodding my head at Sadie, who jumped off the bed at the offending words.
“I see you are discovering the senses of a vampire. No need to worry that is the natural smell of a canine. Others will not smell her just yet.” There was a slight hint of laughter to his voice. “I must go now. You have friends headed over.”
“Wait, what do I do now?” I asked as he headed for the bedroom door.
“Get some rest and I will return later to help you adjust. You won’t need blood until later tonight. Once you are adjusted, you’ll only need it once a day unless you are overly stressed.”  He made his way to the door and without another word, he left.
I got out of bed to head for the shower before Mark and Courtney arrived. I could hear them talking and knew they were the friends the vampire was referring to. I was soon to be faced with explaining to them what had happened. They weren’t as easy to run off as my parents were.
CHAPTER ONE

Forget what you think you know about vampires. These stories were created by a vampire to mislead humans about the truth. They allow a true vampire to live in peace and choose who they want to know about them.  But like all stories, the version humans know holds, some truth to it, like vampires need blood. However, vampires do not kill the ones they drink from. The most that happens is they wake up with a really bad hangover. They don’t even remember being bitten. That is, if they are not the one the vampire chooses to be their reliable source of blood. And the bite marks fade in a matter of minutes. 
The sunlight only hurts us if it is too bright. Shades help that just like with humans. Silver and crosses, well, I laugh at the ironic fact I wear a silver cross and chain around my neck. Not because I believe in the same God as humans, which I did before I was changed. I don’t really know if I would be accepted by God now. I just like the way it looks and it reminds me of my grandmother. After all, she did give it to me. Besides, with the tall tales going around, who would guess I am a vampire? 
Holy water just gets us wet. Garlic, I love garlic. Just gives me bad breath. And just for the record, even a human would die from a stake in the heart. As for the saying all vamps (which is how we refer to each other) have unnatural beauty, well, I don’t know about that. I haven’t seen any ugly vamps before but, then again, I haven’t met them all either. Add the fact my physical appearance didn’t change when I did, I guess anything is possible. And sleeping in coffins, give me a break. I like my queen size bed just fine. 
And just to throw you another curve ball, unlike what is commonly “known” about vampires, we are not dead. My heart still beats and my blood still flows. I will also die of old age someday. But I will outlive my great-great-great nieces and/or nephews. I don’t say kids because I really don’t know if I can have them anymore. I’m still new at this and haven’t learned everything yet. So all-in-all, you can consider us more like mutants.
I laugh about this as I arrive at home after my morning run. I grab my newspaper from the newspaper box at the drive and head in for my shower to begin getting ready for work. My name is Chief Deputy Sheriff Shawn Anderson. And I am a vampire. I will tell you a story like you have never heard. This is my life as a vampire cop. Not all of it is a bed of roses.
My home is at the end of a long dirt road. I live in a one story house that was built to look like a cabin. It has an A frame roof and is surrounded by six acres of woods. My closest neighbors are at least two-hundred yards away and are my best friends. Other than them, no one else is this far down the road. My security system consists of a Rottweiler named Sadie and a .45 mag. 
I have short brown hair; I’m 5’11 and 188 pounds. No fat, I work out too much for any of that to last long on me, but I don’t look like a body builder either. And yes, we can gain weight. I have what I have been told are enchanting blue eyes (I don’t know about all of that, but okay) and I am thirty in human years. I have been a vamp for only three years. In vamp life, that makes me a baby. 
Just as I stepped into the shower my phone starts to ring. I thought about just letting the voicemail get it but it was my work cell, and, as the boss, I have to answer. 
Grumbling, I step out of the shower, grab a towel, and wrap it around my waist. “Deputy Anderson”.
“Hey boss. The Sheriff needs you down at the station. We have a murder case that could use your expertise.” 
“How do you always know when I am in the middle of doing something, Jones?”
“Cameras boss; thought I told you about them.” What a smartass.
I inform Jones I’ll be there in thirty minutes and to tell my father, oops, the Sheriff to keep his head on. Did I forget to mention the Sheriff is my father? I come from a long line of law enforcement. My uncle is the Chief of Police, the former Sheriff my father followed was my grandfather, my great grandfather was the Commissioner, and my brother is a Sargent. Oh, my sister, Carolyn, is an Officer in a different county. She couldn’t stand the idea of taking orders from Dad after she moved out. And no, none of them know I am a vampire. 
My partner, Lieutenant Davis might know. I got pissed one day and flashed my fangs at him (Oops, my bad). He hasn’t said anything to me about it though. Either he didn’t see or he didn’t want to believe he saw. Who knows? And yes, I know, most Chief Deputy Sheriffs do not have partners, but Davis was my partner before I got promoted and I enjoy working with him too much to lose him. So I chose, with the Sheriff’s approval, to continue to work with him.
After getting dressed, I let Sadie out to take care of her business. While waiting for her, I eat a quick breakfast and read some of the major headlines from the paper. After letting her back inside the house, I got into my 2009 Dodge Charger (dream car) and headed to work. It’s silver with black interior, lightly tented windows, a V8 engine with factory wheels. I can’t stand the twenty inch rims that some people put on them. I got lucky and was given a brand new squad car (black, unmarked) that just happened to be a Charger. Damn, I hate it when it has to go in for routine maintenance. Oh well, I’ll live. 
Pulling into the parking lot, I find Sargent Jones standing there waiting for me.
“What are you doing, timing me?” What a way to start my morning.
“Sheriff Anderson is kind of worried. This murder has him shook up. It just looks funny. He sent me out here to drag your ass in as soon as you got here.”
“What? I can’t even get a cup of nasty coffee? And what is so funny about this murder? Why do I have to be the one to work on it?” Asking as I sidestep him to make a run for coffee. A guy has to have a boost.
“He ordered me not to tell you. He said he’ll do it because he doesn’t think you’ll believe anyone else. You are not going to believe it when you hear it.” I laugh because he has to run to catch up to me. That is something else that is true about vampires, well, kind of true. We can move fast when we want to. But not so fast you can’t see us.
“Ugh!” I couldn’t help it. Ever since I was promoted to second in command, the Sheriff acts like he can’t do anything without me. And trust me; he does just fine on his own. He made this department what it is today. Believe it or not, it's a respectable one. He goes by the theory that we can’t enforce the law if we don’t follow it ourselves. There is no getting out of a ticket just because we wear a shield and a gun.
I went straight to the Sheriff's office.  Other than the fact there hasn't been a murder in Scotland County for over ten years, I wanted to find out what was so different about this one.  As Jones warned me, Sheriff Anderson was a little on the worked up side. 
“Deputy Anderson, you and Lieutenant Davis will be taking lead on this. You seem to be interested in the unnatural so this is right up your ally.” 
“What does that mean?” Although he doesn’t know I am a vampire, he does know that I know a lot about them. Or what humans believe of them. As for why that was important, I was about to learn answer.
“Look at this victim. These look like vampire bites. I thought they were just pulling my chain when they told me about this but, you can see for yourself.” I took the picture and sure enough, two small puncture holes were on the side of her neck. I really didn’t know how to respond to this so all I said was “Yes sir; we’ll get right on it.”
CHAPTER TWO

As I collected the rest of the file and headed for my own office, I found myself stumped. Like I told you earlier, vampire bite marks vanish in a matter of minutes. Something didn’t add up here. I had my work cut out for me on this one. How was I going to prove this wasn’t the work of a vampire without letting on I am one?
“Hey Anderson, What do you make of the murder victim?” I looked up to find Davis standing at my door. Lieutenant John Davis is thirty-eight years old with black hair, brown eyes. I’m guessing he’s about 5’8 and around 195 pounds.
“I don’t know what to think. This just doesn’t seem right.” Answering as he followed me into my office.
“Well, you would know what a vampire bite looks like. I mean, you are a vampire, aren’t you? Or was I just seeing things when you growled at me. You do have fangs, right?” Asking all of this after he closed the door.
“That answers my question on that subject. You didn’t say anything so I was hoping you hadn’t seen. At least you don’t treat me any different than before.” I set the file down and rubbed my forehead. I was starting to get a really big headache.
“Look, let’s get this over with before it starts to cause trouble. You have given me no reason not to trust you. So I wasn’t worried about it. A little on the confused side and I was thinking I needed a cat scan for a while there but, other than that, it’s all good. I just have two questions for you.” He took the seat in front of my desk and leaned in toward me.
“Fire away.”
“Have you ever bitten me and does your family know?”
“Hell no I’ve never bitten you and are you CRAZY? You see how my father is acting about this. He would stake me in the heart faster than anyone. And by the way, don’t be fooled by that. Humans die from a stake in the heart, too, ya know.”
Looking very relieved, Davis started to laugh. “Okay, sorry. I just had to know. And your secret is safe with me.” 
“So, let’s get to this murder. Like I said, this doesn’t make sense. Vampire bites would not have been there long enough for anyone to get a picture of them. So it looks like we have some sort of wannabe on our hands.” I open my desk drawer and grab my bottle of Excedrin to head off this pain before it gets worse.
“Okay, slow down, Anderson. If we are going to work on this then I need to know the facts about vampires. What is true and what is not. You just said vampire bites don’t last long enough for a picture to be taken. What else doesn’t fit?”
I filled Davis in on all the facts about vamps. When he found out I had on a silver cross and chain, his jaw hit the floor. It went through the floor when I told him holy water has no effect on us. 
“Wow. That just contradicted everything I have ever read about vamps. Or should I just say vampires because I’m a human?” The last was asked with a grin.
“Smart ass, call me what you want, just don’t do it in front of anyone.” 
The knock at the door made us both jump. After what we had just been talking about, neither of us wanted to be overheard. When Davis opened the door we were greeted with more bad news.
“Hey boss, there has been another body found with the same bite marks on her neck.” Officer Adams said from the door. Nice guy but if he kissed my ass any more than he already did he might as well just glue his lips there.
Davis and I got the locations of both murder scenes and headed out. Well, so much for my morning coffee. Guess I’ll just have to stop off at the local convenience store and visit my two favorite ladies.
As we drove to the store (which has great coffee, no lie, better than Starbucks, and cheaper) we went over more of what is true and not true about vampires. When we got to the store, Davis had one of his smartass remarks to make about me always stopping there.
“Good morning Deputy Anderson and Lieutenant Davis. How are you today?” Julie Connors is in her late forties and owns this shop.  She has shoulder length brown hair and is, maybe, about fifty pounds overweight.  That doesn't matter.  She carries herself well.  Her brown eyes are as bright as stars and sparkle when she smiles.
 “Good morning Julie, you look lovely this morning. I’ll be doing just fine as soon as I get a large cup of your wonderful coffee. How are you this morning and where is your lovely daughter?” Julie loves it when I flirt with her. Although we both know it’s her daughter Casey I really like. That would be why Davis always has a smartass remark about me coming here. I just can’t work up the nerve to ask her out.
“Oh, Casey is around. Do you want sugar and cream this morning or is it a blacker the better kind of day?”
“The blacker the better please, start the day off right. Davis, what do you want? It’s my treat.”
“Oh shit! What’s wrong? You’re paying?” Davis took a few steps back like I was going for his main artery. 
“Do I need to remind you why we are out in the field so early in the morning? I’m just trying to be nice.” I gave him a glance out of the corner of my eye just to let him know I was only partly being a smartass. Yes, I’m good at that too.
As I was paying for the two coffees and the Danish for Davis, Casey came out of the back room. She looked like an angel. She is just a few months younger than I am.  She has jet black hair which is the perfect complement for her complexion. Her long lashes outline her amazing green eyes, which is odd for someone with black hair.  She is about 5’7” and around 126 pounds. Just guessing on the weight, I would never be dumb enough to ask her. The beige jeans and teal shirt she is wearing outlines her figure and makes her look even more angelic.
 “Hello, gentlemen, how are things going?” She asks giving one of her million dollar smiles.
Without waiting for an answer she looks at me and calls me to the side.
“Deputy, I heard about the murder from last night that looks like a vampire attack. You don’t really believe a vamp did this do you?”
“No, I don’t. Why do you ask?” Something about the way she asked me just didn't sit well, but I couldn't put my finger on why.
“I was just wondering. I thought vampires were made up. You know, not real. It's kind of unnerving to think something that could drain all the blood out of someone is real.” It’s the innocent smile that gets me every time.
“I see your point. Don’t worry, Casey. I’m sure this is not the work of a vampire.” I still couldn’t put my finger on what was bothering me so bad.
Davis and I grabbed our things and said our goodbyes. When we got back into the car I explained Casey’s reason for calling me over.
“How many non-vampires do you know who don't know the truth call vampires vamps?” Davis had hit the nail on the head.
“That’s it! She said vamps. Which means she knows we are real, but how?” This had me worried.
“Do you think she knows you are one? Have you ever given her reason to believe you are? Or, could she be one?” Davis brought up some good questions.
“I don’t know how she could have found out I’m a vamp. As for her being one, I have no idea. It’s not like we can spot those who don’t want to be found.”
We arrived at the crime scene from this morning; the second of the two. It was located at the county park. The park has two parking lots; one on either side. A quarter mile track surrounds one area with a picnic area and play ground. Outside of this trail, on the other side from where we parked, is a small creek that flows from a wooded area alongside the track. A bridge over the creek leads to the other side that has another picnic area with another playground. For avid walkers and runners, there are two track choices. The first is the quarter mile track around the park. The second is a branch off trail that leads into the woods and back around to the first track. This second choice adds another quarter mile with small foot hills for more of a challenge. This is where the second murder happened.
We walked over to where the victim is. We find her lying on her back with her head turned to the right. Her blonde hair was scattered around her head like the head of a deck mop after being twirled around and dropped into place before mopping. There were two small puncture wounds on the left side of her neck. Blood had left a trail down her neck and soaked into her light pink tank top. Her jogging shorts came down to around mid-thigh and she is wearing a pair of running shoes. It looked like she was caught off guard while jogging. This was all wrong.
“Okay, what do we know about vampires? Does anyone believe they are anything but fiction?” This was coming from a big butch type chick from the crime scene unit.  Amy, I think her is name. She has short brown hair is cut like most military men wear theirs.  She also carries herself like a man.  Her brown eyes are set deep in a face that reminds me of a bulldog.  The frame of her body is that of a body builder. Geez, why would someone do that to themselves? I’ll never understand it.
“Why do you assume this is a vampire attack? This could just as well be some punk kid getting a jolly off on the fact they have you fooled. Who knows, this could be anything.” I know I jumped at that the wrong way. And the look from Davis confirmed my thoughts. But what can I say, I am a vampire and I never really liked Amy. Or whatever her name is. I never cared enough to check.
“Everything I have read about vampires says their attacks look just like this and both murders occurred at night. What else can this be?” I walked away leaving Davis to deal with it. I couldn’t help but laugh. Humans like her make them all look dumb. Man was she a know it all that didn’t know shit about what she was saying.
She walked away in a huff and I returned to the victim, feeling relieved she was gone. It always bugs the shit out of me when a crime scene investigator thinks they know it all. In this case, I can’t even prove her wrong right now. Unless I want to give myself away, that is.
Davis and I finished gathering what we needed and headed to the other scene. As I drove, we went over what we knew of the murders. Both were committed at night, both had what looked like vampire bite marks, and both victims were drained of blood. None of these facts added up. Our saliva’s healing ability works even when the heart has stopped, vamps do not kill the ones they feed from, which also means they do not drain them of blood, either. Vampires fear the Dominant Vampires too much to be this careless. Besides, truth be known, if a vampire drank that much blood, we’d be too full to move or could even get sick. Drinking too much blood for a vampire is like a human eating too much food.
“Anderson, how do people turn into vampires and how do vampires get their blood?” With Davis asking this, I snapped out of my own little world.
“Most vamps feed from those they know. Not like family. But close friends. These friends normally know who and what they are and are willing to give blood. That is not to say some do not feed off of those who have no clue what is going on. Like a blind date or something. These sources of blood are the ones that don’t know they have been bitten. Vampires have rules they have to follow just like humans do. We have to follow human laws as well as the ones set by the Dominate Vampires. For someone to be turned into a vampire, they have to be willing. Vamps can’t just choose their victim and bite them. And it takes more than one bite too. There has to be blood exchanged two different times for it to work. A human won’t change just because they are bitten.” This makes me think of the day I changed. It is true we have great eye sight and hearing. Everything was new to me. Sounds, sights, it was almost too much.
“So, you are saying you willingly turned into a vampire?” Davis sounded shocked at this.
“That depends on how you look at it. I was left for dead in the woods when a vampire found me and offered the choice. I was too far gone to make it to a hospital. So, I chose not to die.” I never told anyone about the attack. Too many questions would have been asked and then the truth would have come out. I was also way too scared to say anything.
We rode in silence the rest of the way. I didn’t want to talk anymore and Davis didn’t know what to say.
CHAPTER THREE

The crime scene of the first murder was at a cemetery. Crossing inside, there is an iron gate with an iron fence around the cemetery. In the center was a large statue of an Angel. With head bowed and wings tucked close, the Angel appeared to be praying. In the far back, behind the iron fence is a wooded area with a clearing off to the right. The back half was filled with old and forgotten graves while the front had newer graves. Some had flowers placed neatly in front. Around one of the newest graves, fresh flowers were scattered around the site. This is where the first victim was found. Her car is still parked to the right of the graves.
When we approached the scene we were told the victim’s body had already been taken to the morgue. We were also informed there were pieces of fabric that didn’t match the victim’s clothes found around the grave. They had sent it to the lab for testing. They had also found out from the M.E. there were traces of semen found on the body. Which means the victim was likely raped. And yes, before you become too surprised, vamps do have desires such as sex. We are more like humans than we are given credit for.
With this new information, Davis and I decided to have an early lunch, seeing as neither of us had breakfast, unless you count the half eaten Danish Davis had. That’s a downside of the job. We’ll be lucky if we get lunch before we get called off to another crime or we have to stop some fool driving like a dumbass. There’s nothing like an unfinished lunch thrown in the trash when you’re still hungry. 
We stopped at the local sub shop and after we ordered our meals, Davis had to ask the question I knew was coming. “Anderson, you don’t have to answer if you don’t want to. Who do you feed from?”
“Do you remember Courtney?”
“Cute girl you grew up with; the one Mark is dating?”
“Yeah, that’s her. She lets me feed from her. And yes, Mark knows. He’s cool with it. If I really need to feed and Courtney isn’t around then he’ll let me. We try not to because it’s just weird. You and those two are the only ones who know.”
We ate the remainder of our lunch talking about this and that; staying away from the subject of vampires. I knew he had more questions but he was respectful enough to hold off and change the subject. We both knew this was going to be a long day. And how ever many after today it takes us to solve this were going to be just as long. There would be plenty of time for him to find out what he wanted to know.
After lunch we decided to go down to the lab to check on the fabric and DNA that was found. But like always, another call came in for a domestic fight. 
We arrived at the address for the call to find a woman standing in the front yard in nothing but her underclothes. I looked over at Davis and he had the same look on his face that I felt on mine. This wasn’t going to be fun. Stepping out of the car we began to walk over to the woman. Her red hair had been pulled up into a French twist and a few strands had fallen loose.
“Ma’am, I’m Deputy Anderson and this is Lieutenant Davis. Can you tell us what’s going on?” Her back was to us but when she turned around we were left speechless. A bruise had started to form around one of her green eyes. Her lip had been busted on the right side making her weak smile look sad.
“He threw me out because I didn’t cook his lunch the way he wanted it.” Tears ran down her face and over the light freckles that spotted her cheeks. “He snatched my robe off as he pushed me out the door. I was trying to get ready for work.”
“Ma’am, if you will walk over to the car with Lieutenant Davis, he will get you something to cover up with and I’ll go talk to your husband.” Even after ten years of dealing with abused wives, it still pushes me beyond pissed. I’ll never understand why a man thinks he needs to hit a woman.
As I walk to the door, Davis opens the trunk and gives the woman a blanket to wrap around herself and opens the back door for her to sit while he asks her some questions. She also refused medical help.
At the door, I was greeted by a man I knew all too well. I had already arrested him for beating a different woman. He was well known throughout the department for this reason. I figured since he’s out of jail he must be on probation. Looks like I’ll be arresting him for assault and violation of probation. In this state, law enforcement presses charges for domestic violence.
“Chet, I’m assuming you know this means you go back to jail.” I stated this as I reached for my handcuffs. His shaggy black hair hung down into his eyes. Even though he was only in his late twenties, the booze and drugs made him look much older than I am. His dark brown eyes looked hollow as I reached for his wrist to put the cuffs on.
“Well worth it. She should know by now grilled cheese should be crispy not soggy and soup should be warm not cold.” I was really wishing I could knock that cocky grin off his face but, I wasn’t going to give him the pleasure of seeing me go to jail.
While I was reading him his rights, a car pulled into the driveway. I walked him out to the car to find Davis had called the woman’s sister to come and get her. Davis had to catch the fiery red haired woman that was no taller than five foot as she ran by him headed for Chet. I’ll bet she was trying to do just what I wanted to do. And it’s a good thing Davis was there. I really didn’t want to have to take the woman’s sister in, too.
After taking Chet to booking so he could be processed and put in jail until the bond hearing, we headed over to the lab. Nothing proved to be useful. Shit, just as I thought, a dead end. This is not starting out easily. Just makes more and harder work for us. 
We left the lab and went to look at the other victim. She too was blonde. She was in her early twenties and had an athletic shape. If she had been standing she would have been close to my height.
I got a good look at the bite mark. Something didn’t look right with it. I asked for a close up picture of it so I could refer back to it later this evening, after I had gone to the gym to clear my mind.  And to top it off, there was no semen and no other signs of rape from the second victim. Which meant this freak was working on a whim. Disappointed, we left the morgue.
 We spent the rest of the day in my office going over the evidence again. Nothing, and I mean nothing, made sense to me. Everything was pointing to what humans believed as vampires, when really it was pointing to anything but a vamp.  
My headache was starting to come back when Adams knocked on my door. I know this sounds rude but to describe him I’d have to say he looks like the high school nerd that hangs out with the cool group just to keep from getting his ass kicked on a daily bases. “Boss, I’m getting ready to leave for the day, do you need anything, sir?”
“No thanks. Have a good evening.” It’s just like I said, an ass kisser. 
Davis and I decided to give it a rest for the day. We had already stayed three hours late and had come up with nothing. Maybe working with a rested mind would get us somewhere. Doubt it.
CHAPTER FOUR

I returned home in need of feeding. Of blood this time, not food. I called Courtney to see if she could come over. I found out she was still at work. That left me calling Mark. I was too weak to wait for her to get off. While I waited, Sadie sat next to me whining because she knew something was wrong. I patted her head and let her lay down across my lap.
It didn’t take long for Mark to get here as he lives just next door to me. So when he knocked on the door and walked in, I was ready for him. Courtney and Mark liked to clean their necks before I bite them. I couldn’t seem to convince them my saliva has a type of cleaning effect. They always tell me I don’t need to bite a dirty neck. Just like them, always protecting me.
“Hey, Shawn, you look like shit. Why didn’t you feed before you went to work this morning?” Mark, along with Courtney, has been my best friend since kindergarten. Standing at 5’11” and weighing around 180 pounds with brown hair and light blue eyes, we were always mistaken as brothers. He and Courtney were the only ones I knew I could trust with the truth about my change.
“Today has been a bitch. I got called in early and didn’t have a chance to feed. I’m feeling it now.” In response, Mark cleaned his neck and leaned back on the couch for me.
I had to feed for longer than normal, which made Mark weaker than normal. I helped him lay back on the couch and went to get him something to eat. It doesn’t help much but it does help. And to return the favor they do for me, I always have what they want in the house. Mark is a hotdog freak. So, I got him a couple of hotdogs and a Mountain Dew. Which he ate slowly to make sure it stayed down.
When he got most of his strength back and was able to focus over the dizziness, we went to the gym to play some one on one basketball. The game lasted for about two hours. Every time one of us got ahead and we were about to stop playing, the one behind wanted a rematch. So in reality, it was more like four games we played. When we were finally too tired to rematch, I was able to talk about the events of the day.
“I heard about the first one on the news this morning. I didn’t know there was a second one. Do they look like the work of the same person?” Mark asked as he used a towel to wipe away some of the sweat.
“Yeah, it’s the same person. But there is something funny about the bite marks on the first victim. I got a few pictures of them to look at later, but I’m not sure what it is I am looking for. Want to check them out with me?” 
“Sure, I’ll look at them. See if I can help.” Mark is an attorney. He has good eyes when it comes to evidence. Courtney is just as good at it as he is. Both of them work for the same firm and are considered the top attorneys there.
By the time we got back to my house, Courtney was there wondering where I was this morning and if I had fed yet. She may not be my girlfriend but she cares about me like she is. Compared to Mark and me, she is kind of short at 5’5”. She has a great figure and weighs about 120 pounds (again, just guess). Strawberry blonde hair frames her face and her hazel eyes are enough to light up any dull room. And judging by the black tailored suite and black heals she was wearing; she hadn’t taken the time to go home and change before coming over. They never treated me differently after my change. True friends and I owe them a lot.
After getting the standard lecture from Courtney about not calling her over when I had to leave early this morning, we headed into the house to fill her in on what we were talking about. I had to go back out to the car to get the pictures so we could look at them.
“Shawn, I’m not sure how much help I’ll be with this. I haven’t looked at your marks on Mark to see what they look like.” Courtney commented as she was looking at the picture.
“Come to think of it, I haven’t seen the marks on Courtney either. These look like bites from a dog to me.” Mark was a little upset by the fact neither he nor Courtney were able to help. “I just never thought about looking at them.”
“Hey, don’t sweat it. I’ll figure it out. I just….” My words were interrupted by Sadie. She was staring out the back window barking like crazy.
I got up and walked over to her. “What’s wrong girl?” 
Looking out the window I noticed there was a shadow of a person standing just on the edge of the woods. I hurried to my room and grabbed my badge and gun. On the way back by I told Mark and Courtney to stay inside and to listen out for me. If I needed help they were to dial 911 and lock the doors.
I went out through the front door so I could use the cover of the house to keep something between me and whoever was out there. I could still hear Sadie inside barking but now she was whining as well. She wasn’t happy that I had left her behind. 
I came around to the back of the house opposite of the side where I had seen the shadow. The darkness didn’t hamper my eye sight. That’s something else that is true. The darkness is just as easy for me to see in as the light is. Peeking around the house to the spot where I had seen the shadow, I found it was no longer there. I also noticed Sadie was no longer barking. She was just whining now. I crept around to the back, keeping to the shadows. I had left the back light off for this reason. There was no sign of the showed but I heard the footsteps of whoever this was running away. The wind shifted and blew across me. There was a familiar scent in the air. I stood confused for a moment, trying to figure out why that scent was familiar, before I snapped out of it and began approaching the woods. After I was sure the intruder was gone, I turned back to the house.  
I went back into the house only to be knocked over by my over anxious protector. When I was finally able to push her off of me, I looked up to notice Mark and Courtney looked scared.
“Relax, you two. Whoever it was ran off.” I got up off the floor and patted Sadie on the head to reassure her I was okay.
“Did you see the person or just hear them?”  Courtney was standing ready with the phone in her hand.
“Both, kind of, I could see their shadow from your security light in the back and heard them running. They were going away from me, back into the woods. Chances are it was just some junkie looking to break in and steal something so they could get their fix. I’ll go over to your place with you just in case. If someone is there that shouldn’t be or has been there I’ll know it before we get to the door.”
“Thanks Shawn! I hadn’t thought of that. Talk about knowing how to scare someone.” Courtney looked like she was about to slap me for that one.
About thirty minutes later I followed them in my car, back to their place. Sadie was with me too. What I haven’t mentioned about her is that as a favor to me, one of the K-9 trainers trained her as a police dog. She is well trained and if the need is there, she will help me. I really didn’t believe this person had gone to Mark and Courtney’s place and after pulling into their drive and getting out, I confirmed my thoughts. The only scents coming from their home were their own. The only sound was their little Chihuahua, Nacho, barking out his greeting. To provide extra comfort to Courtney, I walked around their home, inside and out looking, smelling, and listening for anything that shouldn’t be there. After reassuring her there was nothing amiss around or in their home, I said goodnight and Sadie and I headed home.
Later that night I got a call from Officer Blake, one of the nightshift officers. 
“Hey boss, Sheriff Anderson said to call you and Lieutenant Davis in on this one. We have another murder victim like the others.” 
“Shit. Okay, I’ll go get Davis and be there in forty-five minutes.”
I called Davis to break the news to him. He was just as happy about it as I was. 
Just as I had told Blake, forty-five minutes later, Davis and I were pulling in to the parking lot of one of the gas stations that stays open late to check out the scene. It’s a small station, only two pumps. Inside you can pick up drinks, snacks, cigarettes and lotto tickets. You can also waste your money playing the “sweepstakes” games they have. It’s the only legal way in this county to have poker machines. To the right of the building, the dumpster sat behind a wooden fence. Behind the building were woods. Something I have noticed could be found at all of the crime scenes.
It was just like the other two, another female victim with two puncture wounds on the left side of her neck. She was also on her back with her head turned to the right. Blood trailed down her neck and stopped just short of the collar of her blue shirt. Her blue jeans led down to a pair of white tennis shoes. 
She was caught off guard when she was closing the store. However, this time I was able to identify what was strange about the puncture holes. They had tears on the top of each one. Vamp bites are smooth and straight in. On top of that, there was a scent I know I knew, I just couldn’t figure it out, and had also smelled it at the other two scenes. It was also the scent that was in my back yard earlier.
“Okay. I have noticed all three of the women are blonde. They are also about the same weight, height and age. What else do we know about them?” Davis was pondering this when the CSI team got there. Lucky for me, Amy (or whatever her name is) was one of the first ones there. Her appearance stopped my thoughts on why this scent was at my home.
“You guys find anything?” Amy asked demandingly.
“Shouldn’t we be asking you that question? You’re the ones hired to gather evidence, aren’t you?” The sharp look from Davis stopped me from saying more. I just walked away and once again let him deal with it.
CHAPTER FIVE

It was three in the morning before we were able to go home and go back to bed. I was not looking forward to getting up in three hours. This was going to be a day I had to make damn sure I fed. I really didn’t want to fall out in front of everyone. Food is just a temporary fix for vamps. Blood gives us the nourishment we need. Nothing else will work. After changing out of my uniform and into some comfy sweats and a t-shirt, I climbed into bed and let Sadie snuggle close. She has her own bed in the room but prefers mine. She is yet another friend that accepted me without problems after I was changed. She was by my side the whole painful experience.
For the first time in three years, I called Courtney over early. With her being the sweet women she is, she was there in no time. As she rested and ate (turkey sandwiches were her thing but it was a ham omelet for breakfast) she lay on the couch watching the morning news. My living room is set up so the couch faces the 46 inch, flat screen TV with two recliners to one side of the couch. The other side has a fireplace that warms most of the house during the winter. By the time I was done with my run, she was gone and had left me a note to call her as soon as I got home. She knew with the stress of this I needed more than the normal amount of blood. I wouldn’t call her though. I won’t feed from her more than once a day. It’s just too much blood loss.
When I pulled into Davis’ drive to pick him up on the way in, I found him and his wife, Mary, waiting on the porch. Mary is about 5’6” and has a few extra pounds (as she would put it. I think she looks fine). She has short blonde hair and blue eyes. She was wearing a summer dress with no shoes and was looking very concerned as she walked Davis to the car. After kissing him, bye for the day she walked over to my side of the car. Leaning in, she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, told me to be careful and told both of us to watch the other’s back. Shocked from the kiss, I watched as she walked back to the house.
“Um, what was that all about?” I was asking this as I backed out of the drive.
“She’s worried. She knows we’ve been assigned to this case and is afraid if we get too close to finding this freak, he will try to hurt us.” He and I both knew that was a real possibility.
Pulling into the station parking lot, guess who was there waiting for us. Yep, it was Sergeant Jones.
“Boss, Sheriff Anderson is waiting for you in his office.” What a way to start my day. I couldn’t even get to my office before he sent for me. Well, there goes this morning’s nasty cup of coffee.
When we entered the office, I found Sheriff Anderson was not in a good mood. “What have you guys come up with so far?” Short and to the point, that’s my Dad. He’s actually not what you would picture a Sheriff to look like. He looks a lot like me (well, I look a lot like him) but add twenty-five years. He has salt and pepper hair and blue eyes. He’s very active but while I don’t have any extra weight, he’s still about ten pounds heavier than me. He stands with the confidence of respect that he has worked very hard over the last thirty years to earn and because of that respect, there’s not really much trouble with his team that he needs to deal with. He’s the kind of boss that gets the job done with the help of his team but doesn’t have to be an ass to get it.
I stood in front of his desk and answered his question. “This is not the work of a vampire. There are too many things that do not fit.” Um, that came out wrong.
“Like what? There are two puncture wounds on the left side of the victim’s necks, they are drained of blood, and the attacks are at night. Have I missed anything?” Sheriff Anderson was starting to get hot under the collar now.
“What about the fact there is no such thing as vampires? This is some sick puppy causing trouble. All we have to do is look at the evidence and find out who this is.” Davis covered for me perfectly.
“Well, how about finding them. We can’t have this county going crazy over the chance vampires really do exist. And we have another murder. This one is at the lake.”
“Yes sir.” What else could I say? He is my boss.
Before heading out to the new crime scene, I stopped by my office to get my Excedrin. I could already tell this was going to be one of those days. As I open my desk drawer, I noticed an envelope sitting on my keyboard. I didn’t recognize the handwriting so I stuffed it in to my back pocket to look at later.
The lake was busy this time of year so the crime scene had a lot of spectators close by. Some of them were in boats floating near the water’s edge and docks led out over the water where people could fish and there were several picnic tables set up with grills for cooking out. Off to the side, near the back of the lake are public restrooms. Next to the women’s room is where the victim is. 
And guess who I found at the crime scene. Yep, it’s going to be one of those days. Damn, I need a vacation. Maybe I’ll take one as soon as we find the freak pulling this gross shit.
“What have you got for us today?” Davis took the lead on this one and man was I grateful. I just wasn’t in the mood for her today.
“Same thing, two puncture wounds in the left side of the neck. This victim is nude. It looks like she put up a fight. She has something under her fingernails. Maybe she got a piece of him.” What a shock. She isn’t acting like a know it all. But with the last DNA that was found not being a lead, I really don’t think this one will either.
We looked over the victim and collected everything we could. She also had long blonde hair. She was average height and weight. And again the scent was there. I still couldn’t pinpoint it. And after gathering everything we could, we headed out to get some coffee. Yes, at Julie’s.
“Davis, before you say anything, I have two reasons I want to go there today. One, I really need some coffee. And two, I want to see if I can get Casey to talk again. See what she knows. That still bothers me. No one that doesn’t know what they are talking about calls us vamps.”
“I wasn’t going to say anything. I want some coffee, too.”
“Oh, and you’re treating today.”
“Yes, boss.” I saw the smartass grin on his face he thought I missed. That’s okay. I’ll get him back later. Right now I just wanted to find out what Casey knew. I just hope she will tell me.
Julie’s store was located at the corner of a busy intersection. It stood alone here and if it weren’t for the fact neither Casey nor Julie left the store alone at night, I would be worried about one them becoming the next victim.
“Well, if it isn’t my two favorite men. How are you two doing today?” Same smile, same pep. That’s Julie.
“Same as always, Julie; and you look lovely as always.” Julie gives me that same award winning smile that Casey does whenever I try to flatter them.
“Blacker the better day or cream and sugar Hun?”
“The blacker the better, Davis is picking up the tab on this one. Where is Casey? I need to talk to her.”
“She’s in the back. Go ahead. Just call for her. She’ll let you know where she is.” 
I head for the back of the building but didn’t need to call for her. She was already heading back to the front with her arms loaded with boxes and we just about ran smack into each other. I helped her set the boxes down and asked her to join me in the office. I knew Julie wouldn't mind me using the office as long as Casey was with me. I didn’t want her to overhear us in case I got Casey to talk.
“Casey, yesterday you sounded like you knew about vampires. Can you tell me what you know?” I gave her the smile that she has never been able to say no to. Well, except for now.
“Deputy, you won’t believe me if I tell you. All I can tell you is that vamps just don’t attack like the murderer is portraying. This is someone that is trying hard to make it look like something it’s not.”
“Listen, I know you will find this hard to believe but you can tell me anything and chances are good I will believe you. How do you know this?”
“Deputy, I like you and I don’t want to scare you away. I really don’t think it’s a good idea to tell you. If you have to arrest me for interfering with an investigation then you will just have to do that. I’m sorry, I just can’t tell you.”
“Okay, first off, this has nothing to do with the investigation. This is just me asking. But just answer me this, do you believe vampires are real?”
“Yes.” Straight answer, just what I wanted.
“Okay, I have never done this before but if you promise not to tell and not to freak out I want to show you something.”
“I promise.” At that, I smiled and showed her my fangs. Giving me a big smile, I saw something I never thought I would see from her, a nice pair of fangs. 
“Deputy, Julie isn’t really my mother. We play this role because I feed from her. In human years I am thirty. In vamp years I am two. So how did you know I wouldn’t freak out if you showed me your fangs?”
“You called us vamps. No one does that unless they are one, feeds one or are friends with one and knows it. That drove me crazy all day yesterday trying to figure out why you called us vamps. Other than Julie, who know about you?”
“You do, now. How many people know about you?”
“My two best friends who have let me feed from them for the three years I’ve been one, Davis, and now you.”
We smiled at each other and headed back to the front of the store. It was an unspoken agreement that Davis would know about her and Julie would know about me. Good to know the woman I have the hots for is a vampire, too. That will make asking her out just a tiny bit easier. Yeah, right.
“Julie, there is something you need to know.” Casey announces as we rounded the corner.
“This is for you too, Davis.”
“Um, okay, this sounds strange. Did you just call her Julie?” Davis seemed more confused than I have ever seen him. I couldn’t help but laugh.
Making sure the store was empty; Casey and I explained what was going on. “Davis, Casey knows about vamps because she is one. And she feeds from Julie. And Julie, it’s okay for us to know because I am a vamp as well. Davis found out by accident. It doesn’t pay to get pissed and flash your fangs at someone.” With this, Julie and Davis just stood there with their jaws on the floor. “You know Davis that is twice in two days I have seen that look on your face, it doesn’t appeal to you.” That got a laugh out of everyone.
CHAPTER SIX

After talking for a little while longer, we headed back to the station. About half way there I remembered the letter in my pocket. I pulled into the parking lot of a local department store and pulled it out. I wanted to know what it was. It didn’t come from the mail so that meant someone had to have dropped it off. I opened the letter and was shocked to see what it said.
I know what you are. Reveal yourself and the murders will stop, or I will reveal everything and pin the murders on you.
I passed the note over to Davis. I couldn’t get a grip on what had just happened.
“Shawn, who could know about you and how did they find out?” I knew he was worried too. The only time he calls me Shawn is when he is being my friend, not my partner.
“Whoever is doing this is going to put this all on me. What am I going to do? There are only five people who know the truth about me. Mark and Courtney would never say anything. They are my biggest supporters. You just found out not long ago and I can trust you with my life. Julie and Casey found out about me after all of this started.” I was beyond worried now. I was scared.
“We need to find out if anyone saw who left the note on your desk. That will tell us where to start.” That’s Davis for you, staying cool when I’m not.
“Good thinking. Let’s ask Beth. Maybe she saw who has gone into my office today. That will narrow it down a lot.” Beth is my secretary. Nothing happens around my office that she doesn’t see, unless I don’t want her to. “Davis, one more thing, I wasn’t going to say anything but after reading this I have to. This person was at my home last night.”
“WHAT?! Are you sure?” Davis just about jumped out of his seat.
“Yeah, I’m sure.” I folded the note back up and began to drive back to the station to locate Beth.
We arrive at the station and went to find her. We found her where she normally is, at her desk right in front of my office. Beth is in her late thirties with short blonde hair. She’s about 5’5 and weighs about 120 pounds. As always, she was wearing her uniform (well, following the dress code for non-officers here) of black slacks, white blouse and black low-heeled dress shoes.
“Beth, have you seen who has been in my office today?” I ask this a little harsher then I meant to. But I couldn’t help it. I needed to know.
“The only ones I have seen go in today is you and that strange goon, Adams. Other than that, no one else has been in there.” She didn’t seem to notice the concern in my voice.
“Did Adams go in before or after I did?”
“He went in before, just after I got here this morning. Why, is something wrong?” Now she picks up on the concern.
“No, I’m just trying to figure out who left me this note.”
“He did drop something onto your desk. I didn’t see what it was though.”
“Thanks Beth. Do me a favor; don’t let anyone but the Sheriff, Davis or myself in my office.”
“No problem.”
As Davis and I walk into my office, Adams came around the corner. “Adams, come here a minute, we need to talk to you.”
“Yes sir.” 
I led Adams into my office and Davis closed the door. 
“What were you doing in my office this morning?”  Wow. That sounded like I was biting his head off. 
“I returned the pen I borrowed from you yesterday. Was it the wrong one? There it is right there.”
Damn, I didn’t even see it there this morning. “Okay, was anyone else in here this morning?”
“No sir. Not that I saw. Is something wrong?”
“I’m just trying to figure something out. You can go now. Sorry to take you from your work.”
“No problem boss. If I can help just let me know.” He walks out the door and I look at Davis, “Did he seem real to you about that?”
“Define real. He has seemed like a strange little man from the moment I met him.”
I had to laugh at that. Davis was right. If Adams wasn’t kissing my ass he was trying to kiss Davis’s. 
“I’m going to keep an eye on him. Beth doesn’t let a lot slip past her.”
This is where Davis decided to change the subject. “Anderson, is it true vampires can heal quickly?” Wow, didn’t see that one coming.
“Well, small cuts can heal fast. A wound that would be fatal to a human wouldn’t kill me if I had access to blood. And I mean like being shot in the stomach or neck; something like that. A head or heart shot would do me in. Why do you ask?”
“No reason, just trying to find out all I can.”
“Okay. I guess the more you know, the easier it will be to work on a case that looks like what humans believe. Not to mention it will be easier working alongside a vampire.”
“I was hoping you would understand. Let’s go get some lunch. I’m hungry.”
After lunch, Davis and I spent the rest of the day trying to make the evidence work. This is of course working around your everyday dumbass drivers and emergency calls. I decided to go back to the first crime scene. I had to find something to make sense of. 
As I stood next to where the body was found I noticed the scent was still in the air. 
“Davis, you know how they say vamps have a great sense of smell?”
“Yeah, is that true?” Davis was looking at me like he was hoping I had found a clue. I was hoping the same thing.
“Yeah, it’s true. I noticed this smell at the other crime scenes but couldn’t figure it out. I still can’t, but I know the smell. It was in my yard last night too. That’s how I know this person was there.” After I told Davis what happened last night, I was starting to go over the list of people I had contact with today to see if any of them rang a bell. I started to track the scent, hoping it would lead me somewhere. It took us to the back of the cemetery and over the fence into the woods. It took us everywhere but, to no end. I guess this was done intentionally because if this freak knows I’m a vampire then they must know I can track them this way. After wondering around for about an hour and a half, Davis and I turned back to head for the car.
“Anderson, what does it smell like? I mean, like, shampoo, perfume, or a scent someone such as me wouldn’t smell?”
“This would be a smell you wouldn’t pick up on. Every human has their own smell. It’s very subtle. Some have a hint of others. Like you would smell close to what your daughter smells like. But because of Mary, Ashley will smell like her too. She would also have a hit of a scent that would be different from a brother or sister on the off chance you and Mary have another child. Does that make sense?”
As we got into the car, Davis was lost in thought. “Yeah, I guess it does. So, Ashley would smell like a combination of both Mary and I?”
“Yeah, just like Carolyn would smell like a combination of both Mom and Dad. But, she would have a scent to identify herself from Bryan and me as well.”
“That’s cool.” I had to laugh. 
Having come up with another dead end, Davis and I filled the rest of the day with everyday calls and careless drivers at the same time as keeping a focus on the case. We ran through ideas of what this freak may do next. Nothing was making sense and it was really bugging both of us.
CHAPTER SEVEN

After work that day I went home and ordered a pizza. After the last few days I was going to just crash on the couch, watch TV and forget about work. Something I haven’t done in the last ten years. Oh, I’ve watched TV and ate pizza. But work was always in the back of my mind. Tonight, however, I was going to just enjoy a movie and pizza. And, of course, my furry friend Sadie will be by my side. 
I ordered a large meat lover’s and wandered through my home while I waited. Past the living room is my dining room. I have a plain brown dining room table with four chairs sitting under a small chandelier. To the left is the kitchen. It’s not big but it works just fine for me. On the other side of the kitchen is the laundry room. Going back through the dining room, I head for the hall where the three bedrooms and two bathrooms are. The first room on the right is a spare room and the room next to that I use as a computer room. I walk into the computer room and see the small frame on the desk next to my computer. Inside is a picture of my mom’s parents with me as a young boy. Grandma left us over five years ago and grandpa two years ago. He left all of the grandkids enough money to live off of for more than ten years without having to work and some of the guys at the station tease me because I haven’t spent any of it; I just don’t feel right about spending it. I would rather have my grandparents than their money and I don’t like thinking about it.
 Across the hall from the first room is the bathroom and next to that is the master bedroom with the master bath.
The pizza arrived and I put a DVD in the player. The knock at the door made me groan. I just wasn’t in the mood for company. I got up and answered the door.
“Hey, Shawn, how are you feeling?” I had to smile at finding Mark and Courtney at my door. The two people I can always count on to care and I never mind when they just drop in.
“Tired, come on in. I was just about to watch a movie and pig out on pizza and beer.”
“And you didn’t even ask Casey to join you?” Mark is such a smartass. Every time I decide to enjoy a pizza and movie, he has to bring her up.
“Bite me!”
“From the color of your skin it looks like you need to bite one of us.” Leave it to Courtney to notice.
“I won’t feed from you again, Courtney. I took too much this morning as it is.” I flopped down on the couch and grabbed a slice of pizza. I looked up to find Mark cleaning his neck.
“Damn guys, can’t we just enjoy the food and movie and forget about the fact I’m a Vampire?”
“Sure, after you get some color back in your face.” Mark sat down next to me on the couch and Courtney took my pizza. “Now drink. I’m not going to let my best friend be sick if I can help it.”
After moaning and groaning for a short while I remembered this is one argument I would never win. I leaned over Mark and sank my fangs into the side of his neck. This sent a pleasing sensation throughout Mark’s body. When a vamp bites someone they care about, we always use our power to overrun the pain of being bitten. Yeah, we do have limited power. We can’t do magic or anything but we can put a kind of trance on the ones we feed on to ease the pain. That is why it is weird to feed from Mark. It’s kind of a sexual feeling. And Mark is not my type. I’m not his either. But he goes along with it for my health. 
When I pulled away from him he leaned back on the couch. Courtney handed him a slice of pizza and I got him a Mountain Dew. Beer and blood loss just don’t mix. 
With the refreshment of the blood I was able to forget about my job a lot easier. Courtney and I really enjoyed the pizza and movie. Poor Mark slept through the whole thing. I felt bad about it, but Courtney said Mark wouldn’t mind. He had seen it several times before.
After the movie, Courtney and I decided to let Mark sleep it off. We moved into the dining room so we wouldn’t bother him. We started talking about Casey and for the first time since I fed, we talked about vampires. Courtney found it interesting that Casey was a vamp. 
“Maybe now you can ask her out. We all know the fact you are a vamp is why you haven’t asked her yet.”
“You would think it would be easier, but you know me well enough to know that even before I changed, I couldn’t ask anyone out.” I started to peal the label off of my beer bottle. It was a nervous habit. 
“I still haven’t figured that one out Shawn. You are a great guy and you are very sexy. I see women looking at you all the time. Some have even tripped over themselves to get another look. You just need to loosen up and relax.”
“Casey did say she likes me and doesn’t want to scare me off. That’s why she didn’t want to tell me she’s a vamp. That is until I showed her I’m one.”
“Then ask her out. If it makes it easier, ask her over for pizza and a movie with Mark, you and me. Where is the harm in that, just four friends hanging out?”
“I’ll think about it.” That was when Mark walked in. He had a beer in one hand and slice of pizza in the other.
“Sorry I crapped out on you two. That one kinda took it out of me.” He gives me a friendly smile to reassure me he’s not worried about it.
“No worries, I should start feeding at night anyway. You two should sleep after losing blood like that. It’s not fair for me to let you go to work with the dizziness you get from it.” I still feel guilty every time.
“And let you go to work weak. Not a chance. Your life is on the line every day. I would much rather go to work feeling dizzy than have you get hurt because you didn’t feed. I worried like crazy yesterday when you didn’t feed before you left.” Courtney had a way to make me feel better about anything.
“Okay, okay, I’m sorry. Thank you both for being here for me.” I was starting to get very tired. I needed to sleep. Before I could say anything, my faithful friends called it first.
“You look like you need to sleep. We’ll get out of here and let you rest. I’ll be over in the morning before you go to work.” Courtney leaned over and gave me a hug. Mark slapped me on the shoulder and said goodnight.
After walking them to the door, I headed for bed. Tomorrow was Friday and I was hoping I would be able to get my weekend off. I needed to regroup and solve not only the murders, but who knew about me.
CHAPTER EIGHT

I woke up feeling worse than when I went to sleep. I had terrible dreams all night. I couldn’t remember the details but I knew I didn’t like them. My morning run helped me shake off the dreams. But the fatigue I was feeling wouldn’t go away. And for the second time this week, I left without feeding. I had to get an early jump on things this morning.
I drove over to pick up Davis and was thinking about everything that was happening. I was still leaning toward Adams being the one that left the note on my desk. I couldn’t be sure though. He did have a good cover. The pen he had taken was one of my good ones. You know the kind you hate when they grew legs and walked off. So he had a good reason to be in my office. I sure didn’t leave the note for myself and according to Beth, Adams and myself were the only two to go into my office. I knew if I could find out who left the note I would be closer to, if not have, found the person doing the killing.
After picking up Davis, we got to the station to find Jones, yet again, waiting for me. 
“Is the Sheriff pulling his hair out yet?” I asked trying to sidestep him again. This was one of those days I really needed some coffee. Even if it was the nasty stuff we have here.
“There was another murder last night. He wants the two of you in his office now.” 
“Damn. Why can’t he let me get some coffee first? Where was this one at?”
“It’s behind Save Ville.” 
“Save Ville! How the hell didn’t anyone see that?” This fool was getting brave now. Save Ville is open twenty-four hours.
“Don’t know. The Crime Scene Unit is waiting for you to get the security tapes. Maybe they got the one doing this on tape.”
That stopped me in my tracks. “Tell the Sheriff I will catch him later. I’m going down to the crime scene now.”
Without saying another word, Davis and I turned around and bolted back to the car. The store is about twenty minutes away. We were there inside ten. I wanted to see those tapes. I needed to see those tapes. 
When we got there I wasn’t surprised to see Amy had already arrived. What did surprise me was I was glad she was there. Damn, I must be worse off than I thought.
“The manager won’t release the tapes to us. From what I gather, she is going to make us get a warrant.” Amy looked like she was in shock from the fact someone wouldn’t do what she wanted them to do.
“I’ll take care of it.”  I said as I entered the store. Save Villa is the only major retail store here. People from all over the county come here for their deals. They really put the other major retailers to shame with their prices. Just inside the door is a desk where returns are made. There are fifteen cash registers and most of the time over half of them are open. The store is over thirty years old but looks brand new.
Davis and I found the manager. She was a tall, slender woman with tanned skin and dark brown hair that didn’t look like she gave one ounce of care to the fact someone had been murdered. Just that it had happened at her store.
“Ma’am, I’m Deputy Anderson and this is Lieutenant Davis. We need to get the security tapes from last night. Will you show us where we can find them?” I tried being professional first to see if that would get me anywhere.
“You’ll need to get a warrant for those tapes.”
“If I do then I will arrest you for interfering with an investigation. Now, which will it be? You get those tapes for us or we go get two warrants; one for the tapes and one for you.” Now I was just getting pissed. And if you follow my track record for getting pissed while being stressed, that’s not a good thing. I didn’t want to show her what I am. I was also hoping she wouldn’t call me on my bluff about arresting her for not handing over the tapes. Sadly, legally, she could require us to get the warrant for Save Ville’s property.
“You can’t arrest me for this.”
“Would you like to try me on that one ma’am?”
“Fine, this way.” She turned around and stomped off to the back of the store.
Letting out a breath of relief that she fell for it, we followed her to the back of the store where the security room was located. We got copies of all the tapes from last night. This way, maybe we could get a good view of the killer. 
“Okay, I need some coffee now.” Much to my surprise Davis was looking weak. 
We got back into the car and headed for Julie’s. I was kinda hoping I would get the chance to talk to Casey. I wanted to take Courtney’s advice and ask her to join the three of us for pizza and a movie. That is, if I didn’t chicken out.
“Are you okay John? You look like I do if I don’t feed.” I was starting to get worried about him. He had his head leaned back on the seat (which he never does) and the white paint on the marked squad cars had more color than he did.
“Yeah, I’m okay. I just need some coffee and a bite to eat.”
When we got to Julie’s we were greeted with friendly smiles and I even got a hug from Casey. Wow. That was a surprise. This day has been filled with them. I took that as a good sign and while Davis was finding him something to eat, I got Casey out of hearing range of the other two.
“Casey, would you like to join Mark, Courtney, and myself for pizza and a movie at my place tomorrow night?” Oh, that was harder than I thought. Now I wish I hadn’t asked.
“I would love to Deputy.” She has an amazing smile.
“Really?” I couldn’t believe she said yes that fast.
“Yes, really, don’t sound so surprised.”
I laugh and then add, “One more thing.”
“And that would be?” Smiling and batting her lashes as she asked. Damn, now she is flirting with me. Okay, so I don’t wish I hadn’t asked her anymore.
“Stop calling me Deputy. Call me Shawn, please.”
“Okay Shawn, I would love to join you tomorrow night. What time?”
“How does seven-ish sound?”
“Sounds great, just one problem.”
“What’s that?” Now I was confused.
“I don’t know where you live.” She gave me one of her perfect smiles that makes me melt.
I gave her my address and made sure she could find the place. She wouldn’t let me pick her up. She said that was too old fashioned for her. Now I had to remember to call Mark or Courtney to let them know. 
I walked back over to the counter to pay for my coffee and noticed that Davis was looking a little better. I also noticed a Goodie Powder in front of him.
“Why didn’t you tell me it was just a headache?” 
“You worry too much as it is. Besides, I don’t tell you every time I have one.” Davis grabbed his coffee and Danish and headed for the door, after saying goodbye to Julie and Casey. This wasn’t like him. He wasn’t normally in this much of a hurry to leave.
I said my goodbyes and headed for the car. Davis was waiting for me outside the door. I knew what he was going to ask by the smirk on his face. “So, did you ask her out this time?” 
 “Yes, I did, nosy.” I shot him a look that told him she had said yes.
“Well it’s about time. What are you going to do on your first date?” Laughing as he asked.
“You really are being nosy. We’re going to hang out at my place with Mark and Courtney, have pizza and watch a movie.”
“I have to be nosy. It’s the law. And why aren’t you going to dinner and a movie just the two of you, scared?”
“Bite me smartass. No, I’m not scared but I’m not good on dates. This is just an ice breaker. It was Courtney’s idea. Despite what you think, I’m kind of shy around women on dates. I always have been.”
CHAPTER NINE

We went back to the station to review the tapes. First, I had to stop off at the Sheriff’s office. I knew I had an ass chewing coming for running out before seeing him.
I knocked on his door and waited to hear the normal “come in” that was filled with authority. This time he sounded tired and worried; which had me worried.
“You wanted to see me, sir.” Saying as I entered the room.
“Jones told me you went straight to the crime scene after he told you what happened. I know you are well informed in this area but why were you in such a hurry to get there you didn’t bother to follow an order?” He looked pissed. Oh, no. I’m in for it now.
“Sir, you wanted us to do everything we can to find this person. I wanted to get those tapes so Davis and I could look at them as soon as we could. I’m sorry I didn’t follow orders and come right to you.” 
“Did you get the tapes?”
“Yes sir.”
“Have you looked at them yet?”
“No sir. I came straight here as soon as we got back.” Where was he going with this? This didn’t sound like him at all.
“Go look. Tell me what you find.”
“Yes sir.” With that I left his office, glanced over my shoulder at the door and then headed to mine.
I found Davis there waiting for me. He had already gotten the TV and DVD player set up so we could look at them in my office. I closed the door and hit play. I skipped through until I found the attack. I couldn’t believe what I saw with my own eyes.
“Well, there goes the idea of it being Adams.” Davis was just as shocked as I was. 
“A woman! Where the hell did the semen on the first victim come from? Damn, she knew right where the camera is. No face shot.” I reached for the tape that came from the next camera. Maybe that one got her face.
After an hour of reviewing all of the tapes multiple times, we still didn’t have a face shot. We sat there staring at the blank screen for what seemed like hours. We came out of our shock due to a knock on the door. Davis was close so he reached over and opened the door.
“Deputy Anderson, this was left on my desk. It has your name on it.” Adams handed me an envelope with the same hand writing on it.
“Adams, did you see who put this on your desk?” I had just ruled him out because he isn’t a woman.
“No sir. I’ve been in the field all day. I just came in to get some lunch. It was there when I got to my desk. Is something wrong? Do you need any help?” This was the one time I was glad he was an ass kisser.
“Yeah, go ask around and see if anyone has seen a woman in here and around your desk that doesn’t work here. Don’t tell anyone I’m the one wanting to know.”
“Yes sir. I’ll get back to you before I leave for the day. Will that be okay or do you need to know sooner?”
“That will be fine. Make sure to ask everyone.” 
“Yes sir.” Adams left and closed the door behind him.
“You know, with semen having been found and a woman on the tape, I sure hope this doesn’t mean there are two sickos we’re looking for.” Davis said as I opened the envelope.
“That’s not encouraging Davis.” I said as I sat down next to Davis so he could read over my shoulder.
Countdown begins vamp. You have two days to confess who you are or I will take care of it for you. The choice is yours.
Now I was pissed. This freak was going to ruin me if I didn’t find out who she is in the next two days. Damn I was getting a major headache. Guess I won’t be having that date with Casey after all.
The rest of the day dragged on. We went down to the crime lab to see if they had found anything useful. No such luck. Whoever this was knew what they were doing. Their DNA was nowhere in any of the data bases and they wore gloves so there were no fingerprints to run. 
“Davis, when this is over, remind me to take the six weeks of vacation I have built up.”
“Do you really think you are going to need me to remind you?” 
“Okay, you have a point. Just wish I knew when this was going to be over. I’d go ahead and put in for it.” Davis just laughed an awkward laugh at that. We both knew one way or another, this was going to be over in two days. But whether or not I would be dead, in jail or on the better side of this was the question.
CHAPTER TEN

It was time for us to go home. I just couldn’t go. I had to find out who this was. So after dropping Davis off at his home I went back to the station to try and make a plan of action. I got a map of the county and marked the areas the murders where in. I was hoping to find some kind of a pattern. If I could, maybe I could guess where she was going to attack tonight. Then I could pull an all-nighter and catch her before she ruined my life. I also called Mark and asked him to feed Sadie and let her out for a little while.
“Hey boss.”
“Yes Adams?”
“I asked around like you asked me to. No one saw a woman that didn’t work here anywhere near my desk. And no one saw anyone leave anything there either.” He sounded as disappointed as I felt.
“Thanks Adams. Go on home and get some rest.”
“Boss, are you okay? Do you need me to stay and help with anything or get you anything?” Adams looked and sounded concerned. Maybe he wasn’t just an ass kisser. Maybe he was also a nice guy.
About an hour later I looked up at my door and found Davis standing there with two very large coffees from Julie’s and Mark standing next to him.
“Didn’t I take you home and tell you to get some reset? What are you doing here?”
“Do you really think I’m going to let you work all night and not give you some help? And I knew you needed to feed so I went and got Mark. You look really bad Shawn. Take a break, feed and drink your coffee. Casey said she would drop some more off after they closed the store today.” Davis was starting to sound like Mark and Courtney, which is good to know. 
“And just where am I going to feed without anyone knowing?”
“It’s time for shift change Shawn, close your blinds and do it here. No one will see you. They are going over some new things tonight. They won’t be out for a while. Besides, I’ll be at Beth’s desk and will head anyone off. No problem.”
Before I had a chance to say no, Davis and Mark were closing the blinds and Davis closed the door behind him. Without wasting anytime, Mark sat down in one of the chairs and positioned his head where I needed it.
After Mark was able to stand, Davis took him home and came back. I was still in my office trying to guess where the next attack would be.
“Davis, do me a favor. Go find out what is going on in the meeting. I need to know if the night supervisor is going to do anything to try and find out who is doing the killing.”
“I’m on my way.” As Davis left the room, I leaned back in my chair to do some thinking.
No one except those five people knows about me. No one that doesn’t work here was near Adams’ desk today. I was hoping I was wrong about where this was leading me. And I was beginning to wonder if Adams could still be involved. He would have known I wouldn’t keep him late to help me. But, I really don’t see him being able to kill someone in cold blood like that. However, one can never tell.
Davis returning snapped me out of my thoughts. “They are working on a plan to cover areas they think might be the next crime scene. Blackman wants to know what you think.”
“How can I tell him that? I don’t even know what I think.”
“You better figure it out. Here he comes.”
Blackman was the night supervisor. He has the personality of a tree stump. No humor in him what-so-ever. I have tried for the last five years to get him to smile and have not yet seen him even grin. He’s the type of person that thrives on being in command. That also means he doesn’t do too well when I step into the picture. He’s also the only person working under me that doesn’t call me boss. Even my brother calls me that. 
“Anderson, I’m assuming Davis filled you in on what we are doing.” The big bulky man walked into my office like he owned it. If there is one thing I hate it’s a rude person. His black hair was cut military style and he filled in the frame of my door with his 280 pound body. At 5’10”, he looked overweight and his black eyes stared at me with contempt in them.
“He was just getting to that.” I had to work at not being rude back. I was tired and pissed and I wasn’t in the mood for him right now.
“What are you waiting for? You’ve had enough time to get here and fill Anderson in.”
“When a guy has to pee then he is going to pee. Chill out.” I almost laughed at that. Davis has a way of making someone look stupid without meaning to.
“Look, Blackman, I know this is your shift but he is my subordinate and I expect you to will let me deal with him as I see fit. Just like I will let you deal with your team as you see fit. I am your boss as well. Or have you forgotten that?” Like I said, I’m not in the mood for him right now.
“No sir, I haven’t forgotten. I won’t step on your turf again. These murders have been happening on my watch. Forgive me if I’m a little bossy.”
“Okay, fine. Let’s just work together on this. We are all worked up right now.” He has no idea how worked up I am right now. He’s not going to know how worked up I am either.  “Davis and I just watched the tapes from last night’s murder. Unlike what we all believed, this is a woman perp. She knew where the cameras were and kept her face from them so we only have her body and hair to go by.”
“Wait, did you say a woman? Does that mean we have two perps?” Blackman looked as shocked as we were.
“Yes, a woman. And with the semen found on one of the victims, I would think it’s safe to say we have two perps. What is your plan?”
“Wow. Never would have thought that. We are going to set up around the other parks, the abandoned mill and a few of the local stores. Can you think of anywhere else we may need to sit on?” Okay, now I know I’m out of it. He’s asking for my advice. That’s a new one.
“Just patrol everywhere. Keep your eyes open for a female; about 5’5”, 120 pounds, black hair, and I hope that wasn’t a wig. Also, with this new information, watch for any males that might be acting suspicious.”
“I’ll let everyone know. What are you and Davis doing tonight?”
“We’ll be driving around looking for these crazy people.”  I sat back in my chair and waited for the response I thought was coming, but didn’t. 
After Blackman left the room Davis closed the door and turned to say something.
“Davis, I’m going to tell the Sheriff what I am tomorrow. He’ll be here on a Saturday because of the murders.” I stopped him from saying what he was going to say because I had made up my mind.
“If you do that you will be living in hell.” Davis looked like he was on the verge of having a panic attack.
“With what’s happening I already am. But if I don’t more people will die. I need to stop this. Do you really think if she rats me out it will turn out any better than if I do it? At least this way my mother and father won’t be finding out from some crazy person. I need to do this. I should have done it when I got the first note.” I felt bad because I thought I could catch the one behind the murders before it got out of hand. Now it was just that; out of hand.
“Do you want me to be with you when you tell him? That way he’ll know I still support you.” 
“Thanks, but no. I think it will be better if I do this alone. Dad’s going to freak anyway and I have no idea how Mom is going to act. Right now, let’s just get out there and see if we can stop these weirdoes.” I got up from my chair and stretched.
“Shawn; whatever happens I’m still on your side.”
“Thanks John. It’s good to know that after this is over with I’ll still have a friend.”
After looking over the map again, Davis and I pin pointed a few places we wanted to keep an eye on. These were a local mom and pop store, the ice cream shop, and the local schools. I let Blackman know about the schools so he could send a few more eyes that way. Then we headed out the door. As we stepped outside we ran into Casey with the extra coffee.  Seeing her in the form fitting blue jeans and light green shirt that brought out her amazing eyes made what I was about to do that much harder.
“Hey guys.” It hurt to know I was going to have to break my date with her. I had waited too long to ask.
“Hey Casey, thanks for bringing these. Listen, I might have to cancel tomorrow night. I’ve decided to tell the Sheriff what I am. I might not be free or alive tomorrow night.” I surprised myself by having to fight the tears. The last time I cried was the day after I changed.
“Shawn, what…how…Why?” The look on her face made it harder to hold back my tears. I forced myself to do it though.
“I can’t explain it right now.”  And with that, I stepped around her and went to the car before I lost control.
A few minutes later, after watching a crying Casey run past the car, Davis got in and we left. We decided to check out the high school first because of their home football game tonight. Other than the places the murders had already been at, there are no other places that are open late. Except the one and only bar in this area. We’ll go there when it’s time for the place to close. The game will be over by then.
“Shawn, how are you going to tell them? What are you going to do about Casey? She seems to care about you more than we both thought.”
“I can’t think about it right now. I just want to do the job. This may be my last day. I want to do it right.” Having said that, I turned the car onto the road where the high school is located and hit the gas. I was determined to find this freak before I had to face my parents.
We sat in a remote corner in the shadows. One of the benefits of having a black car, no one can see it in the dark. After the game was over and the parking lot cleared, we moved on to the middle school. I told Davis to make sure we didn’t stay longer than an hour. The bar was due to close in an hour and a half. That gave us enough time to get there and find a place to park and watch.
In the time at the middle school, we didn’t see so much as a stray but because of the time I radioed Blackman and asked him to send someone to check the schools again. 
At the bar we were able to find another spot in the shadows. As the crowd started to thin out we noticed a woman staying behind. We got out of the car and as we got closer, she took off running. To our surprise, she was fast. She turned the corner and by the time we got there, all we saw was a black wig laying on the ground. 
Davis shined a light on it, “Well, there goes the black hair description. Damn it, where is our break?” I stood in silence as I realized Davis was getting scared. The look he was giving me was telling his thoughts very well.
Back at the station we met up with Blackman. We let him know the person we were looking for doesn’t have black hair and we now have no idea what color it is. This left us with even less to go on and even though I was disappointed about the wig, I wasn’t surprised. This woman had all the basics covered. 
We had taken the wig to the lab to see if there was any DNA on it. I would find out later there were traces of nylon but no hair strands. That didn’t surprise me. She put the nylon on to keep her hair from making contact with the wig.
CHAPTER ELEVEN

Back in my office we were both quiet while we waited for Sheriff Anderson to come in. “John, thank you for sticking with me. Let Courtney and Mark know what’s going on please. Now, go home and get some rest. We both don’t need to be here”
“How can you sit there and think that after all these years, I’m just going to walk out and forget this? Damn, Shawn, I thought you knew me better than that. I’ll stay until you find out what they are going to do with you.”
I put my head down on my desk and almost screamed. What in the hell has happened? Who is this…this…ass? And then it hit me.
“John, we aren’t looking for someone on the outside. This is someone who works here.”
“Huh? How do you figure that?”
“Think about it. I asked Beth who had been in my office. Adams was the only one. Then I asked Adams to poke around and find out if anyone has seen a female that DIDN’T work here near his desk. Who’s to say no one saw a female that DOES work here around his desk? And remember I told you I smelled something at the crime scenes and my home that I couldn’t pin point? Well, I’ve been thinking about it. I’ve smelled it here. I just don’t know who it is.”
“Man, that sucks. What’s the plan?”
“I’m still going to fill my parents in on what I am. It’s time and it’s important. But, I have to let the Sheriff know this will bring us to the killer and hope that will get me out of this. Then, we find out who either leaves or starts to act funny.”
“I hope your plan works. Here comes the Sheriff.”
I jump up and head out of my office. “Dad, I need to talk to you.” This caused a few looks of confusion. Never before, in hearing range of anyone here, have I called him Dad.
With a befuddled look he leads me into his office. “What’s this all about Shawn?”
“I need you to get Mom here please. This is important and it can’t wait. It has to do with the killing spree that’s been going on.”
“What’s that have to do with Shannon?” He was asking as he picked up the phone and dialed the number.
“I’ll explain when Mom gets here”
Twenty minutes later, with my head down in my hands and a worried father staring at me from his desk, my mother walked in.
“What’s going on, honey?” Asking as she sat down next to me and puts her hand on my arm. I’ve always thought my mother was pretty. Not in a gross way, just that she….well, I’m not sure how to explain it. She’s about 5’7” and has a slender frame. Her brown hair hangs just past her shoulders and her blue eyes are brighter than a clear summer’s sky. I was really crushed I was about to possibly hurt her. For the second time in less than twenty-four hours I had to fight back tears.
“This isn’t going to be easy to tell you two but I have to. Do you remember three years ago when I was having health problems and wouldn’t go see a doctor?”
“Yes, you had your mother and me in a panic. What has that got to do with the murders?”
“The night before the first day you saw me looking so bad was when it happened. I did my morning jog that night because I woke up late. Out of nowhere this guy came out and jumped me.” I got up from my chair and walked over to the window that overlooked the parking lot.
“After beating the crap out of me and stabbing me he left me for dead in the woods. That’s when I learned the truth and my life was changed forever.”
“I still don’t see where this involves the murders. And why didn’t you report it?” Dad was getting impatient now.
“Dad, the man who saved me was a vampire. I had lost too much blood because he stabbed me in the liver and Iwould have died if I tried to get to the hospital. He told me he could save me by changing me into a vampire. I didn’t want to die and could feel myself losing the fight. I agreed. You saw me first before I was fully changed. That’s why I was in so much pain and looked so bad. He finished changing me after you and Mom left. He couldn’t do it with you there. And I think the reason I didn’t report it is obvious.” The looks on their faces scared me. 
“That’s why this involves the murders. I’m a vampire. Whoever is doing the killing is doing so because of me. She wants everyone to know what I am. Here, look at these.” Seeing the non-believing looks on their faces, I gave Dad the notes that were left for me.
“Is this some kind of a joke?” My mother’s voice was two octaves higher than normal.
“Boy, I raised you better than to be taking drugs. Vampires aren’t real. Are you stoned? Or drunk?” The steam coming from my father’s ears had me wanting to run from the room. I knew he wouldn’t believe me but this was not the reaction I had expected.
In response to that, I opened my mouth to extend my fangs. Mom put her hands over her mouth and Dad just stared wide eyed. Neither one spoke.
“Is that enough for you to believe me or do I need to get Courtney and Mark here?”
“What would they prove? And how do I know those are even real? The stores carry those stupid fangs during Halloween. In fact, I remember you dressed as a vampire last year for your nieces.” I looked out the window into the office area. Dad’s angry tone had turned into yelling and was attracting the attention of everyone out there. I could see this wasn’t going to work out for me after all.
“Why on Earth would I make this up? Do you think I like having to drink blood from my best friends just to be able to function? Do you think I like seeing them laid out on my couch trying to stop the room from spinning before they head off to work? You and Mom raised me. You should know I wouldn’t put any of you through this if it wasn’t true.” I had to choke back on my anger to keep from yelling back at him.
“STOP IT!!! Both of you.” Mom’s shrill cry brought both Dad and me to a frozen standstill. She was the rock that was able to hold it together through anything. Now she was shaking like a leaf with tears in her eyes. Up until now, the only thing she had said was to ask if I was joking.
“Mom, please, you have to know I would never hurt either of you by lying about being a vampire. I thought they were just made up, too. I never, in my wildest dreams, thought one would save my life by changing me.”
“I know you believe you are a vampire, son. But I just can’t. I want you to see a doctor. Take some time off of work and get some help.” Dad had lowered his voice but the accusations he was implying stung in the worst way.
“How can you even insinuate I have lost my mind? I have never given you a reason to think that. Why start now? You trust me enough to be your second in command but you think I would pull some shit like this? For what? Attention? I think I get enough of that now as it is.” I was about to storm out of the office when an idea came to me. I snatched up the letter opener from Dad’s desk and cut a shallow gash into my arm. 
“What are you doing?” Mom jumped up from her chair to rush over with some Kleenex she had gotten from her purse.
“I’m proving my point. No mental illness, or any type of illness, will do this.” Taking the Kleenex from her hand, I swiped it over the cut to show it had already scabbed over.  
Before my eyes I could see reality coming to light on the faces of my parents. The fangs could have been faked but there was no way they could deny this.
“Most of what you know about us is not true. Our healing abilities have been exaggerated but we do heal faster than humans. The fact we need blood is also true. Mark and Courtney let me feed from them. This is hard for both of you to accept but I would not have told you if it wasn’t interfering with my job. I know this isn’t a vampire doing the killing for several different reasons, and if you will just let me finish, you’ll know all of them.” 
Dad sat back in his chair without another word. Mom flopped back in the chair she was in, looking like she was on the verge of crying. I sat down next to her and hoped that when I put my arm around her, she didn’t pull away. To my relief, she fell into my arms and hugged me.
“Okay, Shawn, explain why this isn’t a vampire.” Dad was now recovering enough to listen.
“Vampires don’t kill. We are too scared of the Dominant Vampires to kill anyone. Many of the missing cases are vampires that went rouge and violated the Dominate Vampires’ rules. They are very protective of humans. We have to follow their rules as well as human rules. If it were a vampire, then the Dominate Vampires would have already stepped in and stopped them. There are other telltale signs that show this isn’t the work of a vampire.”
“Wait, Dominant Vampires? Who are they?” Dad was still acting as my father but also as the Sheriff.
“Do you want to know their names or what it means to be the Dominant Vampires?”
“Both. I would like to talk with them and see if they can help us find this crazy goon.” 
“Dad, we don’t need to involve them. I stumbled across something that will help us. And to answer your question, they are the vampire…well, I guess law enforcement would be the best way to explain them.” 
“Oh, it’s good to know there is law enforcement to control vampires, I guess. So what did you find that will help.”
“Vampires have a great sense of smell. At all of the crime scenes, I noticed a scent that should not have been there but I know the smell. It was also at my home. I’ve smelled it here. I just can’t put my finger on who it is. I think I’ll know by lunch time if I can have a reason to be around everyone.”
“Hold on, wait a second. Are you saying this is someone that works here?”
“Adams brought me the second letter. It was left on his desk. I asked him if he would ask around and see if anyone noticed a female that didn’t work here around his desk. No one had. The first note was left on my desk. Beth said the only two people she had seen go into my office was Adams and myself. Adams was returning a pen I had loaned him so that explains why he was there. It’s my office and I wouldn’t be doing this to myself. So….”
“Son, I think you have pinpointed who it is. Beth called in today and said she was quitting. Will her scent still be at her desk?”
I jump up out of my chair and flew out the door. I was at Beth’s desk before my father was out of his chair.
“What’s wrong Shawn?” Davis came out of my office with a worried look on his face.
“I found her Davis. All this time it’s been Beth stabbing me in the back. SHIT! And she called in this morning and quit. And the smell, it’s here”
“Anderson, get her address and go get her. Take Davis with you. And remember, she isn’t working alone, there was male DNA on one of the victims.” This was the Sheriff speaking and not my father.
I stood there for a second and looked at the man that had helped raise me. “Dad, are we okay?”
“You are my son. Vampire or not you will always be my son and I love you.” For the first time ever, my father hugged me in front of everyone. “You and Davis go get Beth, I’ll explain things here. Don’t worry about it anymore. You aren’t going anywhere.”
After going back to my office to get the address we needed, Davis and I took off to find Beth. I knew getting to her as fast as we could was important, but there was something I had to do.
“Davis, I’m going to stop by Julie’s and see if I can catch Casey. I need to make it up to her if I can.”
“Sure thing.” There was that smart ass grin again.
CHAPTER TWELVE

Pulling into the parking lot of Julie’s store, I found I had butterflies in my stomach. 
“Good morning gentlemen. I take it things went well this morning.” Julie’s never failing smile was there as always.
“Better than I thought. Is Casey here?”
“Sure. She’s in the office.”
I walked back to the office and found her sitting at the desk, crying. I walked up to her and put my arms around her from behind. “It’s all okay Casey. I’m sorry I hurt you.”
“Did you tell your father?” She choked on the words as she asked.
“Yes, and my mother. It’s all okay. We also know who the murderer is and that they are trying to frame me because I’m a vampire. Davis and I are going to find her now. I had to stop in and see you before we did. I’m so sorry Casey. Can you forgive me?”
For the first time since I got there she looked at me. She was smiling at me with tears in her eyes. I couldn’t help myself. I leaned down and gently kissed her. To my surprise, Casey wrapped her arms around me and pulled me in closer. The kiss ended with both of us breathing hard.
“Does this mean we are still on for tonight?” She asked while looking up at me through her lashes.
“I want it to be, but, if we don’t catch her then I’ll have to cancel.”
“I hope she’s there. I’ve been waiting for a long time for you to ask me out.” I brushed my lips lightly across hers and we headed out hand in hand to where Davis and Julie were waiting for us. Davis and I said our goodbyes and headed out to find Beth.
“Davis, we have to be ready for her not to be there. There’s a reason she called and quit today. She couldn’t have known I would talk to my parents and it would work out in my best interest.”
“Let’s just hope we can get this over with. I’d love to get my hands on her. How did she know you are a vampire?” 
“I don’t know. But I do know this; I’m kind of pissed about trusting her. I can’t believe she blindsided me this way.
We pulled up to the curb a few houses down. The first thing we noticed was her car wasn’t there. Great, looks like this is a dead end.
“Let’s look around the house to see if we find anything of use.” She lived in a two story home with a normal sized porch. It was beige with bushes in the front. There was a “beware of the dog” sign on the gate leading to the back yard but no sign of a dog. 
Jumping over the gate I noticed a shed in the far corner of the yard. Keeping my eyes, ears, and nose on alert in case the dog was hiding, I headed around to the back door. I took a peek through the glass and found all the lights of the house off and no signs of movement. 
Hearing footsteps coming closer, I look up to find Davis had made it to the back. Making a movement toward the shed, Davis nodded and we crossed the yard. We looked through the window and I found myself feeling sick at what was inside. Beth had wooden crosses, wooden stakes and bottles of water that judging by the other items I was guessing was holy water. There were several strings of garlic hanging from the wall. Taped on the wall of the other side were newspaper articles of the women she had murdered. I pointed them out to Davis but he wasn’t able to read what they said. This was one time I really hated my extremely good eye sight.
Turning my back on the shed, we decided to talk to the neighbors to see if they might know where she went. Davis took the right and I took the left.
“Get anything?” I ask Davis when he returned to the car. I came up empty. No one was home.
“Yeah, they said she told them she was going on vacation for a few weeks. They didn’t know where though.”
“That doesn’t help much. Let’s go back to the station and fill the Sheriff in on what we haven’t turned up. I’m not looking forward to that talk.”
We got to the station and I received a few funny looks. Guess he filled them in alright.  After entering the Sheriff’s office I found out that me being a vampire wasn’t the reason for the looks.
“You look awful!” I stopped dead in the doorway causing Davis to run into me.
“Thanks Dad. I love you too.”
“No, really, you look like a vampire now. You’re all pale and weak looking. Okay, the weak part isn’t what makes you look like a vampire, but, the pale part does. Are you okay?”
“I am weak, sir. I haven’t fed today. Well, food yes, blood no.”
“Okay, after you two tell me what you found out go home and get some rest. And I don’t want to see you back here until Monday.”
“I’ll tell you but I’m not leaving. Beth is going to kill me herself when she finds out you aren’t. I have to find her. And all we found out was she told her neighbor she was going on vacation for a few weeks. She didn’t say where. We also found out she’s not really sure what she’s after. Her shed in the back was full of all the items humans believe kill vampires.” I sat back in the chair feeling worse than I had in a long time.
“If you two don’t go home I’m going to fire you. And that’s a promise. We know who we are looking for now and everyone here knows her. We have the city police looking for her, along with the state patrol. What we don’t need right now is you two falling out on us. Go home and get some rest. And feed Shawn.”
We both looked at each other and at the same time said “Yes sir, bye” and headed out the door. 
As we left his office we ran into my brother. He’s older than me by two years but we could pass as twins. The look on his face was a mixture of confusion and hurt. I could understand the confusion but wasn’t really sure why the hurt was there.
“Why didn’t you tell me about all of this instead of Dad? We’ve always talked to each other about everything.” Ah, that’s the hurt showing.
“Bryan, I don’t expect you to understand. Hell, I’m the vampire and half the time I don’t understand but things haven’t changed between us.”
“Shawn, you’re my little brother and your life is in danger. If you think for one second things haven’t changed then you’re a fool. Your big brother is pissed now and Beth is the target. All I need is for her to give me one legal reason and she’s done.”
“Bryan, DO NOT get yourself in trouble over this. I have enough going on right now and I don’t need to worry about you doing something foolish. You need to calm down and remember that yes, you are my brother but you are also an officer of the law.”
Bryan looked down, understanding completely what I am saying. “For the first time in twelve years, I’m scared Shawn. You, Carolyn, Dad and our uncle are very capable of taking care of yourselves and I never once thought otherwise. But Beth is after you. No one has gone after any of you like this before.”
“Take it easy. She’ll be found and when she is, she’ll go to prison. She’s already committed five murders. She won’t be getting out of prison alive.” I leaned over and gave him a hug. “I’ve got to go before the Sheriff fires me for still being here. Promise me you won’t do anything stupid.”
He returns the hug and promises me he won’t.
After watching Bryan go into Sheriff Anderson’s office, Davis and I made our way out. 
“Guess you can have your date with Casey now, huh?”
The only answer I gave him was a smile. That was one good thing about being “thrown out” of work early.
“Shit! I can’t believe I forgot to call Mark or Courtney to let them know about tonight. I hope they don’t already have plans.”
“What? Are you scared to be alone with her?”
“No Davis, I told her it would be a double. I don’t want her coming over to find it’s just us. I don’t want to make her uncomfortable.” I reached into my pocket and grabbed my cell phone. Mark answered on the second ring.
After getting fussed at for the first four minutes of the conversation for not feeding this morning, I finally got to the point of my call. Mark was more than happy to agree with the date. In fact, he kind of sounded a little bit too excited. Between him, Courtney and Davis, there was more than enough excitement over this. I was a little nervous to tell the truth. Before he hung up, Mark said they would be there about seven. I called Julie’s store next to let Casey know we were still on for tonight. She sounded relieved and promised she would be there.
I dropped Davis off at his home to a very happy wife, who met him in the front yard and then I drove home. When I got there I was not surprised to see Mark and Courtney on my front steps waiting for me. I was so weak by that point, Mark had to help me into the house. For once, Courtney didn’t take the time to clean her neck. She leaned back on the couch and without hesitation I leaned over and drank greedily.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

I got about five hours of sleep, which was enough. I had just finished with my shower and was about to call for the pizza when I remembered I had forgotten to ask Casey what kind she liked, duh on my part. So, I settled for sitting back and waiting for them to show up.
Mark and Courtney were early. They insisted I feed again before Casey got there.
“I just fed a little over five hours ago. I don’t need to feed again.” 
“Shawn, you look like death warmed over. You need to get some more color in your face before she gets here. Do you want to scare her?” Mark sat down next to me and waited for me to feed.
“I’m a vampire. I’m supposed to look like death warmed over.” I joked, knowing it wouldn’t work.
“You have never looked this bad, Shawn. So you either drink now or when she gets here. She’s a vamp. She’ll know you need to feed.” Sighing, I gave up and drank.
I felt a lot better when Casey got there. She was wearing black slacks that perfectly outlined her figure. Her light purple blouse brought shine to her already amazing eyes. I felt normal for once and I called to order the pizza, one meat lovers and one pepperoni lovers. 
After much debate on what movie to watch, we decided to watch the current vampire movie. Ironic, I know. But Courtney and Casey both have a thing for the leading vampire. I’ll never figure that one out. Oh well, must be a female thing.
While we waited for the pizza we sat in the living room chatting about how Mark, Courtney and I met and everything we had done together. Casey’s favorite story was when Mark and I helped to win our senior high football state championship. We were the star players, Mark being the receiver and me the quarterback.
“No one thought Mark had caught the ball but when he got up he was holding it. You couldn’t see him for all the others piling on top of him. Shawn was the next to be on the bottom of the pile.” Courtney had laughed the whole time she was telling the story. Mark and I just sat back and listened.
The pizza arrived and we settled back to enjoy the food and movie. Mark and I had a beer and Courtney and Casey had Mountain Dew. I was surprised when Casey rested her head on my shoulder, pleased, but still surprised.
The night ended too soon. I wasn’t ready to say goodbye to my friends. It had been a long couple of days and I was enjoying the company and relaxation. But, because of the time, I walked out with Mark, Courtney and Casey and followed Casey to her car to say goodnight. My head was still spinning from our kiss as I turned out my lights for the night.
Lying in bed I couldn’t sleep. Something was bothering me and Sadie was restless. She was next to my legs whining and nudging me. That’s when I heard it, an ear splitting scream coming from Mark and Courtney’s. Jumping out of bed, I pulled on a pair of jeans and shoes, grabbed my gun and badge and hoped I wasn’t too late.
With Sadie right behind me, I ran through the woods between our homes. I got there just as a man, followed by Mark, ran out of the back door. Pushing myself as fast as I could go, I flew past Mark and tackled the man. We rolled on the ground for several feet before we came to a stop with him on top of me. Right before I heard the growl from Sadie I looked right into the pale blue eyes of the man who had attacked me three years ago. In a flash of teeth and fur the man was off me and on the ground under Sadie. I got up from the ground and tossed my cell to Mark. He opened the phone and dialed 911 as I headed over to get Sadie off of the creep. 
I pointed my gun at him while standing far enough away he couldn’t move without me having time to react. Sadie was next to me with hair standing on end. All it would take was one word and she’d tear him apart. “I know you were the one who attacked me three years ago. Now, who are you and what do you want?” By this point Mark had finished with the call and had run back into the house. I was scared to death about what had happened to Courtney but I had to watch this guy.
“You’re the reason my father is in prison. I wanted you dead. I was beyond pissed when I was told you were back at work. She was, too.”
“She? You’re referring to Beth aren’t you?” I tighten my grip on the gun and brace myself for an attack.
“Yes, my sister. She took our mother’s name. And don’t worry. You won’t be able to find her, but your demise will come.”
I stood there shocked for a second. That’s all he needed. He jumped up and charged me. I didn’t have time to react the way I wanted to. He knocked the gun from my hand and attacked so fast I hardly had time to move. Sadie tried her best to help but he kept me between the two of them. I gave her the command to back off and rolled to get him where I could reach my gun. But before I could reach it, the sounds of the fight were broken by the ringing of a gun having been fired. At first I couldn’t understand what had happened. He had somehow gotten above me and was staring at me with a blank look on his face. Then he fell lifeless on top of me.
“Boss, are you okay?” With all that had happened and since it had happened so fast, I wasn’t able to focus on the person pulling the dead man off of me. In jeans and a t-shirt, I could see he had his badge on his belt and gun tucked into the side waist of his pants. It was then I was able to finally realize who it was that had saved me. I just couldn’t figure out why he was there.
“Yeah, Adams, I’m fine now. Thanks for the help but what are you doing here?” I sat up and tried to catch my breath. I could see Mark and Courtney coming out to see what was going on.
“The Dominant Vampires heard about what was going on and I was told to keep an eye on you. They wouldn’t get involved because neither Beth nor her brother are vampires but, they wanted you watched after. I was assigned to the job and was glad to take it.” Now, I was more shocked then before I had Mark and Courtney by my side to help me cope with the news.
“Wait, are you saying you’re a vampire too?”
“Yes. Sorry about not telling you but I was ordered to keep quiet about it.” It was then I heard the sirens from the police cars coming down our road. I also noticed Courtney was holding a wash cloth against her forehead.
“Adams, we’ll talk about this later. I’m so confused right now I don’t know left from right.”
I walked up to Courtney as the night shift officers ran around to the back of the house. “What did he do to you?”
“It’s over with Shawn. I’m okay. Let’s just hope Beth can be found soon. And thank you for getting here so fast.” She was leaning against Mark for support and was looking like she wasn’t able to focus on anything.
“Mark, one of you needs to tell me what happened. I heard her scream and got over here to find you chasing him. He’s the reason I am what I am. He tried to kill me. He and Beth have been involved in five murders, he attacks her and Beth is still out there. What the hell happened?”
Mark led Courtney over to their patio chairs and helped her sit down. I followed behind with Sadie by my side. She was making a point to always be in a place where she could touch me.
“He must have been here when we got home. I was already in bed when I heard her scream from the kitchen. She was on the ground when I got there and I chased after him. I didn’t even know if she was alive. She was trying to sit up when I got back inside. I tried to make her stay still but she insisted we make sure you were okay.” 
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. He was going to make Courtney his next victim because of me. I felt like I was going to be sick. Looking over, I noticed the strap to Courtney’s nightgown had been ripped. He had planned on raping her too.
I couldn’t hold it anymore. I took off to the side of the house and fell to my knees. It felt like I had been there for hours and I hadn’t even noticed that Sadie and Adams had followed me until I had sat back on my legs and Sadie nudged me.
“Boss, she’s going to be okay. The medics are looking at her now.” Adams helped me up and walked me back over to my friends.
I sat down next to Mark and watched as he held her while she answered the ongoing questions from Officer Jones at the same time as allowing the medics to bandage her forehead. I was once again on the verge of tears. This had to stop. Who was Beth going to attack next? And because Courtney wasn’t alone when it happened to her, did that mean the rest of my family was in danger? What about Casey and Julie? 
“Maybe it would have been better if I had just died three years ago instead of changing into a vampire.” I didn’t think I had said that out loud but the following silence told me otherwise. So did the hand that slapped the shit out of me.
“How dare you say that Shawn! I can get over this but there is no way in hell I can get over losing you.” Courtney was outraged by my slip of the tongue. I hadn’t meant to say it out loud.
“Courtney, you were damn near raped and killed because of me. Let’s not forget the five women who have already lost their lives. Who else is going to have to pay for something I did?” I got up to walk away but was stopped by a set of arms being thrown around me. I turned around and Courtney fell into my arms. Her sobs were more than I could handle. I held her tight and cried with her. 
“Shawn, Courtney and I had already thought about what could happen to us when Davis called yesterday. You were telling your parents you’re a vampire. He also told us about you being the target for these murders. We figured out on our own that whoever was in your yard the other night was the one doing the murders. I was foolish for letting her out of my sight. So stop blaming yourself. Neither of us would do anything different if we had it all to do again and knew the whole story to start with.” With Courtney still crying in my arms I hear sounds of worry coming from behind me.
Turning around I see that Adams, Jones, Smith, Clark and Blackman were all staring at me with worried looks. “Anderson, you and I may not always get along but I wouldn’t want to work at this department if you and Sheriff Anderson weren’t there.” 
If I could be in any more shocked then I already was, then that would do it. I just couldn’t believe of the five standing there, it was Blackman that expressed his concern for me. And what I heard next about took my knees out from under me. 
“You have no idea how many times I have tried to be more like you. You have the respect of everyone there and you have no problems what-so-ever with getting someone to do what you need them to do. I was jealous when you got promoted because I’ve been there longer and I wanted the job. I’ve learned you were the one that earned and deserved it. But to hear you say you wish you had died when he attacked you is just baffling to me. You’ve done so much to help this county and you have a loyalty from your friends anyone would want.”
“Blackman, I really don’t know what to say. I never expected to hear anything like that from you.” Courtney had stopped crying at and had moved back into Mark’s arms. I walked over to Blackman and shook his hand. I had a feeling things would be different from now on.
“Boss, one of us needs to call the Sheriff and let him know what happened. He had informed us when we caught Beth we were to start looking for the man that attacked you. Guess that’s been taken care of.” Smith had stepped forward to suggest this.
“No need to call him. The three of us are going to grab some things and head over there for the rest of the night.” Turning to Mark and Courtney, I informed them, “You two will stay there until Beth is caught. I’m not risking her attacking you again. Grab what you need and Nacho and we’ll head over to my place so I can get some things.” The responding officers said good-bye and went to do their paper work on the incident. Blackman hung back to let me know he was going to send an extra patrol around my parent’s home tonight. And every night until Beth is caught.
After Mark and Courtney found everything they needed and loaded it and Nacho in the car, we headed for my place. It didn’t take long for me to be ready. Sadie and I jumped into my car and with Mark and Courtney behind me we left for my parent’s house. Being woken up at three in the morning by your youngest son calling to let you know he was on the way was not a pleasant idea. Mom answered on the fourth ring.
“Shawn, what is wrong?” The sleepiness she had in her voice had been jolted out when she heard we were on our way.
“I’d rather tell you when we get there, Mom. It’s been a night from hell.” 
Ten minutes later, we pulled into my parent’s drive and found Mom and Dad standing there waiting for us. That was not what I wanted to see. Not with Beth still out there.
I got out of the car and opened the back door to let Sadie out. Mark was headed over to Courtney’s side to help her out of their car. Courtney had Nacho tucked in her arms as she got out.
I turn around and came face to face with Dad. “Shawn, what’s going on?” There was fear in his voice. That’s something I’ve only heard once before. That was when they saw me after I was attacked and before I had finished changing into a vampire.
I grabbed my bag and when my friends had joined me we headed to the house. “Let’s get inside first please.”
My parents lived in a two story house. It was the one they had raised my brother, sister and me in. Just inside the door is a foyer with stairs going up to the four bedrooms and two full bathrooms. To the right of the foyer is the door leading to the two car garage that stored Mom’s Ford Focus and Dad’s Ford F150. To the left is the living room. One couch sat on the opposite side of the window with a view of the front yard. There was a walkway behind the couch that led to the room where Dad had his office. Across from that was the second couch that sat in front of the window. Between those, near the door and facing the other wall with the entertainment center sat two recliners. This was Mom and Dad’s favorite places to sit when there are guests and family over. Behind the recliners was a walkway to the kitchen and dining area. There was a sliding glass door that led to the patio in the back yard which is what the dining room table sat in front of. 
We headed into the living room and all sit down. Sadie sat on the floor at my feet with her head on my knee. Mark and Courtney, along with Nacho, sat down next to me on the couch facing the front yard. Mom and Dad sat in the two recliners.
“Tonight the man involved in the murders tried to rape and murder Courtney. As it turns out, he’s also the one that tried to kill me three years ago. He’s also Beth’s brother. They are after me because I had their father locked up. Mark had chased him out into the back yard by the time I got there. He was getting ready to do me in when Adams showed up and shot him.” I said all this while looking down. I couldn’t look them in the face. When I looked up, they were both in shock.
“What was Adams doing there?”  I’m not sure that’s what Dad really wanted to ask but I answered him anyway. 
“Adams was sent by the Dominant Vampires to watch after me. He was following their orders. Had it not been for him, I’m not sure I would have come out of it alive. And Sadie couldn’t get to him. He kept me between her and him.”
“So where is Beth?” For the first time since we got there Mom spoke.
“I don’t know. She’s still out there plotting to kill me. I don’t even know if she knows her brother is dead.” I leaned back on the couch and yawned. I was tired but I also knew I wouldn’t sleep. “Blackman said he was going to set up extra patrols around here tonight. The four of you should get some sleep. There’s nothing more we can do right now.”
“What about you Shawn? You need some rest, too.” Courtney never ceases to amaze me. Here she is with a head injury having almost been raped and murdered and all she can think of is me.
“I’ll be fine. I’ll make sure you and Mark get settled and then I’ll come down here and chill on the couch.”
“I don’t want you up the rest of the night worrying about this son. You need to sleep.” I could see Dad was about to put his foot down on this one so I spoke up to stop him.
“I won’t promise anything but I’ll try. A lot has happened because of me and I almost lost one of my best friends tonight.”
“Shawn, do I need to slap you again?” I could hear the anger in Courtney’s voice.
“Right now Courtney, I’m numb and I won’t feel it.” I slump down onto the couch waiting for them to agree to go to bed.
“Why on Earth did you slap him?” Oh great. Now Mom will hear what I said and she’ll go off on me. Goodie.
Courtney hesitated for a second but the look my mom was giving her made her tell all. “After the events that happened tonight he made the comment that maybe it would have been better if he had just died instead of letting the vampire change him.”
“Shawn William Anderson, if I ever hear about you saying something like that again, I will slap you myself!” The booming voice of my dad rang out in the house, making me sink farther into the couch. He was not the one I expected to go off on me. On top of that, he has never spoken to me that way before. I was kind of afraid of him at that moment.
I looked over and saw Mom crying. I never could bear to see her cry. I got up and knelt down in front of her. “Mom, I love you. But you have to understand where I am coming from. I never wanted anyone to get hurt. I took an oath to protect and do no harm and I meant every word of it. Now, five women are dead and Courtney almost made number six. I’m scared. Who’s next? When will we find her? I didn’t want to die then and still don’t. But I’m the cause of all of this and I can’t help how I feel.”
“Shawn, I don’t know who their father is but HE is the cause of all of this. If he hadn’t broken the law, he wouldn’t have been caught by you and you wouldn’t have put him in jail. YOU didn’t do this. HE did.” Like always, my mother had a gentle touch and knew how to make me feel better. I rose up and put my arms around her neck. The hug she gave me in return was of pure motherly love.
I stood up and walked back over to my place on the couch. Without saying another word, Mom and Dad left the room and headed for bed.
I took Mark and Courtney up to the room they would be calling theirs until this was over. As I walked inside I reminded them they needed to call their boss and let him know they wouldn’t be there and explain what was going on. Mark started to protest but Courtney stopped him. 
“Honey, Shawn is going through a lot right now and the last thing we need to do is give him more to worry about. I think it’s a good idea for us to stay here and out of work until she’s caught.” Mark looked like he was about to cry.
“Shawn, I’m sorry. I guess I wasn’t thinking. You’re both right. We’ll stay here until its safe.”
We said goodnight and I headed back downstairs. I checked every lock in the house I could get to without disturbing my parents and two best friends and sat down on the couch. Sadie curled up next to me, then laid her head on my leg.
“What have I gotten us into girl?” I patted her head knowing she wouldn’t answer me and with my head leaning back and feet propped up on the coffee table I did what I didn’t think I would be able to do…Sleep.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The next morning I awoke to the sound of voices. I opened my eyes to see the living room full of men and women in uniform. What happened and what did I miss?
“Relax, Shawn. We’re just going over some things in a place we are hoping she won’t look right now.” John said as he noticed I was awake.
I stood up and stretched, wondering why my alarm didn’t wake me in time to get ready for work. Seeing John there had thrown me off. It was Sunday. No work. “Wait, what are you doing here in uniform? I thought you were told, as well as me, you would be fired if you showed up before Monday.
Before he could answer, Dad walked in. “You’re off this case, Shawn. You’re staying here where we know you’ll be safe.”
“Not a chance Dad. I’ll go insane if I have to stay in hiding. After what happened last night, this has to stop NOW. Davis is here so he’ll have my back. Besides, the best way to get her is for her to come to me. And I am sure as hell not going to let that happen while Mom, Mark and Courtney are in the same place as I am.” I grabbed my bag and headed to the bathroom to get a shower and dressed. Or I would have if Dad hadn’t stepped in front of me.
“I will not allow you to be put in harm’s way. We have a plan and you aren’t included in it. We’ll find her and put her in jail without you. And have you forgotten I’ll fire you if you report for work before Monday?”
“You’re joking, right? I’m not saying you can’t do it without me. I’m just saying you WON’T do it without me because I’m not staying here. This started because of me and I’m going to see the end of it. I will be involved. And if I remember correctly, you told Davis the same thing.”
“Do I need to fire you? And after last night I need all of my best here. That’s why Davis isn’t going to get fired.”
“Do you really think I won’t go after her if you do fire me? Remember, I’m a vampire and have ways of doing things none of you have learned of yet. I move faster, quieter, and can hide in places you will never see me. So what will it be? Will you allow me to be part of the team or will I go out on my own?” I felt bad for talking to him like that but I’ll be damned if I’m just going to sit back and not be a part of taking down the one who has tried to hurt my friends and ruin my life. Not to forget the victims she has already killed.
With a scared look he gave in. “Fine. But Adams and Jones will be with you and Davis. I think you should inform your friends where you get your coffee every day. I’m sure Beth knows about them.”
I took off to the bathroom and showered and dressed in record time. I KNOW Beth knows about Casey and Julie. I’ve sent her there to get coffee several times before. I had to get to them before she did. 
Davis and Jones had trouble keeping up with the two vampires. Adams had noticed my intent before they had and quickly caught up to me. We were in our cars with them turned on and in gear before they were on the porch. 
“Damn boss. Give us some warning next time. You two move way too fast for us to keep up.” Knowing the “boss” comment was a smart ass remark from Davis as he got in; I hit the gas and backed out onto the road. Having to go through the grass to do it because Mark’s car was behind mine, I came out in front of Adams, jerked it into drive and hit the gas.
Slowing down when I got near the store I realized I should have let Davis drive. That way, I wouldn’t have to keep an eye on the road while I was checking things out. Hopefully, between Adams and me, nothing went unnoticed. 
We pulled into a parking place and headed to the door. Inside I could hear the everyday noise of the store and Casey talking to someone I hoped was Julie.
I pulled open the door to see a smiling Casey run over to me and Julie behind the counter.
Casey threw her arms around me and gave me a tight hug before saying “I was worried about you. You didn’t call me like you said you would. I was afraid your dad had changed his mind.” Leaning back to look at me, she finally noticed the concern on my face. “What’s wrong? Why are you all in uniform? Aren’t you off on Sundays?” The form fitting blue jeans and light pink shirt she was wearing along with her hair framing her face was just about enough to make me forget why I was there. But the look of concern in her eyes was enough to remind me.
“You and Julie need to get out of here. Beth is the one doing this and she’s already sent her brother after Courtney. Luckily, Mark scared him away from Courtney and I fought with him until Adams shot him. He’s no longer a problem but she’s still out there and she knows we are friends. I’m afraid she’ll come after the two of you when she finds out her brother is dead.”
Casey just stood there with fear in her eyes. I couldn’t help but wonder if she regretted getting involved with me. That is until she planted a kiss on my lips that lite a fire inside of me. After she pulled away, I noticed Julie had come out from behind the counter and locked the doors. 
“Shawn, you haven’t fed today have you?” For a moment I had forgotten Julie could spot a vampire that needed to feed.
“No. I ran out of the house when my Dad told me to make sure you two were okay and somewhere safe. I’ll go back and feed once I’m sure you are.”
“We’re fine, Shawn. Go feed.” Casey started to lead me to the door but I stopped her.
“I’m fine. At least I’ll be fine when you two are safe. I’ll only feed when that happens. Now, do you two have somewhere to go?” I took Casey in my arms and raised her head to look her in the eyes. “I almost lost one of my best friends last night. Please don’t make me worry about you and Julie.”
Julie stepped up and put her hand on my shoulder. “We will go home. We should be safe there. We live in the country and no one else is there.”
“No one?  So if something were to happen then no one could help you? That won’t help. You can go to my parents. Mark and Courtney are there. Mom won’t mind.”
“Shawn, we won’t put your parents in that position. We’ll be fine at home.”
“Julie, I don’t want you where there is no help. There are already extra eyes on my parent’s house and Sadie is there. I’ll feel better if I know you aren’t alone in the country with no neighbors. Besides, they know how I feel about Casey. That’s why Dad made a point of telling me to get here.”
Behind me, Adams and Jones were soaking in the news that I had a girlfriend. In the time they’ve known me; I haven’t even shown an interest in girls around them let alone had a girlfriend. Kind of makes me wonder if they thought I was gay. Not that there’s a problem with that. But I’m not.
I finally get them to agree with going to my parent’s house and after they finished closing the store, we headed over to their place to get some things for them. Adams and Jones were always right behind me just as they were ordered. Not that I minded. Going out into the country was going to be dangerous enough as it was. But with three vampires looking, listening and smelling, not much, if anything, will get by us. And this time I remembered to let Davis drive. 
Pulling onto a dirt road I would have missed hidden behind the trees if Julie wasn’t leading the way, I started to get a knot in my stomach. They really did live in the country. No one would know this place was here unless they were told about it and looking for it. Trees lined both sides of the drive for about a mile. They opened up to reveal a white single story house with a wraparound porch. 
My senses were on double time. Every smell, sound and sight was enhanced a hundred percent. As we got out of our cars I could tell Casey and Adams were just as alert as I was. Even though this was my first time here and I wasn’t familiar with the scents, I could still pick out the one I feared would be there. Adams did too. I made a beeline for Casey and Julie with Adams right behind me. The smell was a day old maybe two at the most, but she had still been there. 
“She’s been here.” I told Casey as I put my hand in hers. 
“Are you sure?”
“Can’t you smell something different about your place? She’s got kind of a sweet scent mixed with musk.” 
With fear in her eyes she turned to face me. “This smell has been here before. Not long after the first murder. I didn’t think anything of it.”
“Adams, let’s do a perimeter walk. Make sure she isn’t hiding. Davis, you and Jones stay with Casey and Julie. Stay sharp and if you see or hear anything, call for us. We’ll hear you from whereever we are.”
The “Yes, sir” from all three of them sounded like it was coming out of a surround sound system. Before I headed off to walk around the house, Casey pulled me to her and kissed me with a passion I didn’t want to walk away from.
“Be careful, Shawn. I don’t want you or your men to get hurt.”
“Don’t worry about us Casey. We’ll be fine. Stay alert to any sounds or smells you aren’t sure of. If anything is awry then call for me. I’ll be here in seconds.” I turned around and headed for my search.
There was maybe four acres of land around their home that would be considered their yard. After that, there were woods as far as the (vampire) eye could see. We walked about a mile away from the home in a half circle each and meeting in the middle just to be safe.  With a breath of relief from finding no evidence of her being there, I walked over to where the others were. Another breath of relief came when Adams reported he didn’t find anything troubling either.
“Boss, I suggest we make this quick. She could come back anytime. Once she goes to the store and finds it closed she’ll know you got to them first.”
“I agree Jones. Ladies, just grab enough clothes to last for a few days and only what you absolutely need. Adams and I will stay out here and Davis and Jones will go in. Do you have any pets?”
“I have a cat.” Casey answered as she turned to the house to make her way in. 
“This is going to be fun but get your cat. Sadie and Nacho will just have to behave themselves.”
Ten minutes later we were back in our cars and on the way to my parent’s house. There was a change in passengers though. Casey rode with me and Davis drove Casey’s car with Julie who drove between Adams and me because of their lack of a vampire in the car. I just needed to be close to Casey. I also called Mom to let her know we were on the way. She reassured Casey she was happy to let them stay there and she would have lunch ready when we arrived.
We rode in silence for most of the way home. She sat next to me holding my hand while looking out the window. I couldn’t tell what she was feeling and couldn’t see her face to determine if it was regret or not. I knew she was worried.
“Shawn, when this is all over, lets go out just the two of us.” Casey turned her enchanting green eyes to me and smiled.
I wasn’t expecting her to be so forward. Definitely not with all that’s going on right now. However, I gave her an answer without too much time going by. “I’d love to, Casey.”
Just then my cell phone rang. I looked at the caller ID to see my brother’s name on the display. “Hey Bryan, what’s up?”
His response told me he wasn’t calling as my brother which surprised me because he normally doesn’t call. “Boss, I think we have a lead on where Beth is.” My older brother calling me boss never felt right, but I couldn’t seem to get him to stop.
“Okay, what’s the lead and where do you think she is?” I ask as I pull onto my parent’s street.
“We found her car at the airport. You know the small one in Maxton where private jets and the like are?”
“Yeah, I know where you are talking about. Have you asked around and shown a picture to see if anyone knows her?” I had pulled into the driveway and was getting out when he answered.
“We did. We asked both people that are here. One of them knows her and said she took her brother’s plane down to Society Hill and will be back in a few hours.”
“Wait, Society Hill, South Carolina? Why the hell did she fly? It’s an hour drive from here. I don’t like this one bit. She’s working on something and we need to head her off before it gets worse. Get word out that when she calls in to get clearance to land we are to be notified at once. You stay there for when she does. I’ll call down to the Society Hill Police Department and see if they can catch her on their end. I’ll let you know what happens.”
I open the door to have a very excited Sadie almost knock me over. Davis had to pull her off so I could make the call to the Society Hill Police Chief. Davis also introduced Casey and Julie to my parents.
I spoke with the Police Chief about the details of what’s going on (but left out the vampire part) and gave him my number. He promised to send someone out to the airport as soon as we hung up and to call with any information they get.
“Casey, Julie, I’ll show you two ladies to your rooms.” But before I could move, Casey, Mark, Courtney and Julie had me cornered. 
“You need to feed first. You just slurred your words like you’re drunk.” Casey took my hand and led me to the couch with Courtney right behind me.
“Okay, call me what you want but I’ve never fed in front of so many people. Let’s go to Dad’s office first.”
With a sigh of relief coming from behind us (not sure who it was but my guess would be Mom), Courtney and I went into Dad’s office alone.
About an hour later I received a call from the Chief of Police in Society Hill. The plane was still there but no sign of her. The individuals working there said they remember her getting into a dark colored car but had no idea where she was going or when she was coming back.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Beth
The Society Hill airport was once a small airport for private planes in a remote area. It was just renovated to accommodate military aircraft. Meaning the runway was extending longer and cutting off one of only three entryways used by the four maybe five homes that are located here. Other than the airport and the few homes here, most of the area is either woods or farm land. There is very little traffic here. 
While leaving the airport, Beth noticed the police cars pulling into the parking lot. “Shit. I’m going to have to move fast.” Beth says to herself as she sped off to the home of an ex-convict her father gave her the address and phone number for during their last phone conversation. 
Beth drove for about ten miles before she found the hidden driveway leading to a secluded wooden area with a small single wide mobile home. In front of the mobile home sat a rundown 1988 Ford Ranger. An old hound dog sat on the front porch and began to bark as Beth opened the door to the black 2012 Chevy Malibu she had rented a few days ago and left at the airport to wait for her.
As she walked around the car, a rough looking man wearing nothing but a pair of jeans and a chest full of tattoos, walked out of the home. A lump formed in her throat as fear began to fill her. Facing Shawn would be easier than facing this guy. At least she knew who and WHAT Shawn was. All she knew about this guy was that he just got out of prison for a number of charges. One of which was why she was here and the other was for beating the shit out of his girlfriend. Bret Thomas was not a man to cross if you were a woman. And that is just what she is. How she wished her brother hadn’t gotten himself killed and he could be the one to do this.
“Hello Bret. How are you?” She asked as she stopped at the foot of the stairs leading to the porch.
“Do you have the money?” He didn’t look like he was in the mood for formalities. 
“Yes. Do you have my request finished? I’m sure my father would be unhappy if you were to rip me off.” She was acting tougher than she felt but she knew from working with the Sheriff’s department for so long that showing fear was a big mistake.
“Here it is.” He tossed the envelope onto the porch right in front of her. 
After picking it up she opened it to examine the contents. She found a South Carolina driver’s license that now named her as Teresa McCormick. There was also a birth certificate and passport that matched.
Feeling sure these documents would pass as real, she pulled the envelope with the $ 10,000 he charged for these types of documents and handed it to Bret.
Without hesitation, she said thank you, got back in her car and left. Her next stop was going to be a little harder to get to. With the cops showing up at the airport she knew Shawn had found out she had left Laurinburg and had flown here. This also meant road blocks. She was going to have to go around her ass to get to her nose when it was a straight shot to Bennettsville from here. It was time to make a visit to her dad. She was hoping the papers she had just gotten would work.
Beth chose to drive through Darlington and take the long way from there to get to the prison. When he had told them last year to find a way to use the fact Shawn was a vampire and frame him by committing murders and making it look like a vampire attack, he hadn’t taken the risk she and her brother were taking into consideration. Or he just didn’t care about them. She had known that if… no, when he found out they were the ones setting him up, she would not only lose her job but go to prison herself, along with her brother. None of them had thought about the risk of one of them dying. She wasn’t sure if she should tell her father about her brother being dead yet. He may put a stop to the plan. With everything that had happened with her brother and Shawn knowing she was involved, she figured if she was going to prison then she might as well try to finish the job. She was already facing life in prison for murder. What was more charges added on going to hurt? Besides, she now had her brother’s death to avenge.
After driving for an hour she decided to pull over and put on her wig, colored contacts and glasses so she would become the blue eyed, red haired woman her new identity said she was. She also added a pillow under her dress to make her look seven months pregnant. That was something she decided on. No ID could be used to prove or dis-prove that. No one would be looking for a pregnant woman when in reality she couldn’t have kids. The department knew this bit of information. Plus, the ID said she was seven years younger than she really was. With the makeup she added and her skin complexion she could pass as being in her twenties.
Thirty minutes later, Beth pulled up to the guard house of the Bennettsville Prison parking lot. Beth smiled to herself as she drove through the gate, having passed the first guard with her new ID. She chose a parking place that was close enough to the doors she could get back to her car quickly but not too close to be seen by anyone inside. 
With butterflies in her stomach, Beth walked through the doors to the guard at the desk. “I’m here to visit Charles Henderson.” She said as she handed over her new ID and signed the log book.
The guard checked the log book to verify that the names matched and to find that Teresa McCormick is the niece of Charles Henderson.
“Have a seat in the waiting area Ms. McCormick. Someone will come get you when he’s ready.” The guard commented as he picked up the phone.
The longer she waited the more nervous Beth became. She started to wonder if Shawn had anticipated her visit and had warned the prison. She was just about to get up to leave when a mean looking guard opened the locked door and called her back.
Beth was led down a caged hallway that was lite up as bright as day. They entered a room that had around twelve tables and twice as many guards. She followed the guard to a table on the far side of the room. Five minutes later she was sitting across the table from a man who looked very confused.
Leaning over the table in a gruff voice Charles whispers the question she knew was coming. “Who are you? I don’t have a niece.”
“It’s me Dad. Deputy Anderson found out it was us trying to frame him and is now looking for me. He knows I flew down to Society Hill so I had to use the fake IDs before our plan required me too.”
“Well when the hell did you get knocked up?”
“You know I can’t have kids. So does everyone at the department. Right now only my height is the same as the person they are looking for. This was the only way I could come see you.”
“Well shit. I guess we’re going to have to get you another ID for when you leave after the job is done. How’s the plan going anyway?”
“Like I said, he found out we are behind the murders and we know he’s a vampire. He’s told Sheriff Anderson the truth and the Sheriff sided with him. Now the entire department, the police department and highway patrol are on the case. Plan B is in motion. I have a bullet with his name on it. I’m going to kidnap his niece, Samantha and use her to bring him to me. By the way, how did you find out about Shawn being a vampire?”
Charles leaned back in his seat and chuckled. “After I was told he survived the attack, I hired someone to find out why. He snooped around those buddies of Deputy Anderson’s and overheard them talking about it. It was sickening. He said they never once said anything bad about the blood fiend. They have stayed true to him from the start. Gag. After he told me about it I started to work up my plan for payback. Only I couldn’t do it. I had to get you and your brother to do it for me since I’m in here. Where is Will anyway? Why didn’t he come? This will be our last time to see each other and he didn’t come.”
“He’s taking care of some other business right now. He wants you to know he loves you and the job will be finished as planned.” She couldn’t look him in the eyes while lying to him. If she had, he would have known the truth. She never could lie to him.
Charles leaned forward in his chair again. “What are you not telling me?”
Beth cringed as she realized he wasn’t fooled by her story. “It’s not something that will harm the plan. Shawn will die for what he’s done. Once he is dead, I’ll leave the country. I only need to use the new ID while I’m here. I don’t think I’ll need a new one. Besides, Bret kind of scares me.”
“Only you will leave the country? So Will isn’t helping you. I knew he was useless.” Charles was looking mad now. She had to get him to calm down before the guards noticed.
“Don’t talk about him like that. He died trying to follow your plan. When you ordered us to do this, you never once considered what could happen to us. I had a great job I loved, working with great people. You cost me that. I lost my brother because you had to go and beat Mom to the point she was almost dead.” She was getting beyond angry and knew she had to get out of there.
“Leave the country now. Make yourself another life in whatever country you choose.” He leaned back in his chair and stared at her. The look he gave her was like he was shooting daggers from his eyes. 
“I will avenge my brother’s death and nothing more. If you want revenge then you need to find someone else to do it and hope they get to Shawn before I do.” Beth got up from the table and walked away without another word. 
As soon as she walked out of the prison doors, she ran to her car. When she drove past the guard at the gate she noticed she was getting a strange look from him. Her next stop would be to the parking lot of a mall to drop off the car she has now, to retrieve another. By now, Shawn must know what she was driving.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Shawn
“So, Beth had a car waiting for her at the airport. I’ve asked Chief Pittman to check all of the local rental companies to see if they show a record of her renting a car. I’ve had a picture of her faxed to him so he can use it with the companies. I should be hearing back from him anytime now.” I’d been trapped at my parent’s home for the last two hours. Casey was scared for me to leave and I was having a hard time getting her to calm down. But with Beth having left the state there wasn’t much for any of us to do at this point. It was a waiting game to find out her next move. 
I was starting, well, had already been restless. I got up from the couch and walked upstairs to my old room. Some of my childhood belongings were still in the closet, packed away neatly in labeled boxes. Just like Mom to have a place for everything and everything in its place. I found a box labeled pictures and pulled it out. I sat down on the floor and opened the box. The first picture I came to was my kindergarten class. Mark and I were on the top row right next to each other with Courtney sitting right in front of us. The next picture was a family picture taken on my sixth birthday followed by a picture of all my friends. Mark and Courtney front and center with me. 
Something about the family picture was sending off warning bells in my head. I studied the picture until a knock on the door interrupted me. I looked up to find Bryan standing in the doorway.
“Hey, little brother, are you okay?”
“I don’t know Bryan. I can’t shake the feeling I forgot something. Something important. Something about this picture made me think of it.” I handed him the picture and leaned back against the bed. This whole ordeal had me feeling eternally weak.
“Shit Shawn. Carolyn was on vacation when all of this started. She’s home now. She needs to know.” Just as Bryan said that my cell phone started to ring. 
“Deputy Anderson.”
“Deputy it’s Chief Pittman. I’ve just gotten word Beth rented a 2012 Chevy Malibu two days ago. I went ahead and put out an APB on it. It was found in the parking lot of a mall in Chesterfield. The entire area has been searched and she’s not there. Security is looking at the cameras now to see where she went. I’ll notify you as soon as I hear anything.”
“Thank you Chief. I’ll check in with the Bennettsville Prison so they’ll keep an eye out to see if she stops in to see her father.” I hung up the phone and started to dial my sister. I stopped when I saw my dad standing in the doorway looking like he was on the verge of panic.
Bryan jumped up and hurried over to him. “What’s wrong Dad?”
“Carolyn just called. Samantha’s been kidnapped. There was a note left for you Shawn. Beth has her.”
I couldn’t move. All I could do was sit there and picture my twelve year old niece at the mercy of that nut job. What would she do to her? At that question, it hit me like a lightning bolt. I jumped up and punched the dresser as hard as I could. I know I broke a few knuckles but I didn’t care. They would heal before I left the house. She has gone too far this time.
When I turned around Dad and Bryan took a step back. They actually looked scared of me. It wasn’t until Adams appeared behind them I realized the rage I felt was showing throughout my whole body.
“Shawn, you need to calm down. You won’t be able to help your niece like this.” Adams calling me by my name instead of boss put a damper on my rage. Even though it was still there I was able to control it. “First off, you need to feed again. We’ll get her back and put Beth where she belongs.”
As Adams left to go get Courtney, Dad and Bryan stayed with me to make sure I had myself under control. “Dad, tell everyone to stand down. I’m the one she wants and I’m the one she’ll get.”
“Hell no. I’m not going to lose you or Sam. I want….”
“If anyone goes with me then it will be Adams. Beth has proven she’s tricky. Adams and I can get in and out without her knowing. Then and only then will a select few go in and get her. Adams and I will get Sam out. And before she asks, Carolyn will not be going. Hell, I don’t even want Bryan going. I don’t really want anyone going but she is after me and she will hurt anyone in my family to get to me.”
Adams walked in with Courtney, Mark and Casey right behind him. “Shawn, you’ll feed from both of us. None of us will let you go out as weak as you are.” Mark was using the tone I knew I would never win against. And with Adams, Casey, Bryan and Dad there I didn’t stand a chance of getting out after feeding off of only one of them.
Casey stepped up and said something that both scared me and made me love her more than I already realized I did. “I’m going with you. Three vampires against one human. She won’t stand a chance of getting anything past us.”
Smiling at her I said what she knew was coming. “Casey, it’s bad enough you and Julie are already in danger because of me. I’m not going to let you walk right into her hands. She already has Sam.”
Casey walked up to me slowly. “We heard you hit the dresser and Adams and I heard your bones break. Besides, if I can be around you without you knowing it then I can be around her without her knowing it.”
“Huh?” I didn’t know what else to say. When had she been around me that I didn’t know?
“There were a few times when you were at the gym. I was trying to work up the nerve to ask you out since you wouldn’t ask me. I wasn’t that far from you but you didn’t seem to notice. I chickened out when I saw Mark with you. Or at least him being with you was the excuse I used to chicken out. I wasn’t trying to spy on you. I’m sorry.” I couldn’t be mad at her. She had only been trying to do what I was too scared to do. “And I’m not giving you a choice about this. You said it yourself. It’s you she’s after. Adams and I will be there to watch your back while you get your niece.”
Before I could say anything my mind was made up by the frantic call of my name as my sister came through the front door. The fear I heard was enough to convince me Casey was right. I gave Casey a quick kiss and took off down to Carolyn. I found her wrapped in Mom’s arms crying.
“Carolyn.” I walked up slowly to her and she lifted her head to look at me. 
“What is going on? Why did your secretary take my daughter?” She didn’t sound mad. Just scared and confused. I did the only thing that was right. I told her the truth, everything, including about me being a vampire.
I promised Carolyn I would get Sam back to her safe and sound then called Adams and Casey into the kitchen so we could make a plan. “Okay, according to the note Beth left for me at Carolyn’s house, I have to call her to find out where she is. She also says I have to be alone. So you two are going to have to redefine the word quiet.”
“We’ll have to get a layout of where she’s at so we can find the best places for Casey and me to enter and still be unseen.” Adams was already in planning mode. 
“I’ll make the call now. Dad, I know you want to send others but right now isn’t the best time. The three of us can handle it and it’s safer for Sam this way.” From where he stood at the kitchen door, I could tell he had his doubts but he knew at least Adams and I could handle it. I’m not sure what his take on Casey was. “I’m making the call outside of the house with no one around. No tracking devices and no one listening in. I’ll fill you in when I’m finished. She’s banking on the fact that so far I’ve handled this on my own with Davis. Let’s make her think I’m doing this alone.”
With a sigh from Dad I walked outside and made the call.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Beth
Beth had no trouble getting the girl. She was alone listening to her music at full blast like most pre-teens do. Her mother had gone to the store to re-stock their home from their vacation. All Beth had to do was to sneak in the open window, put the rag with chloroform on it over the girl’s face and drag her out. Now she was tied up to a chair in the middle of the living room in Beth’s father’s old home. Her choice of hideouts may be a bad one but it was the only place she could think to go. Her mother had left this place as soon as she got out of the hospital and moved in with her sister. Since it was paid off, she kept the place because she was saving it for Will. 
An hour after she had taken the girl, the call she was waiting for came in. “Where is my niece? You better not harm her.” Shawn sounded pissed. More so than she had ever heard.
“She’s safe. And she’ll remain that way as long as you come alone. Any sign of others and she dies. As soon as you are dead I’ll release her in a place where she can make it home on her own. And no guns are to be brought here. Come in street clothes and leave your off duty gun at home as well. Is that understood?”
“Where do you get off thinking you can do this and get away? Do you have any idea what you’ve gotten yourself into? I don’t need anyone else to help me take you out. Now tell me where you are so I can finish this.” Shawn was really getting hot under the collar. She could tell he wasn’t playing around. 
“We are at my father’s house. I’m sure you remember where that is. You arrested him.”
“Stop screwing with me. I’ve arrested a lot of people. Either give me a name or an address.”
“Charles Henderson. We’ll be waiting. You have…”
“Let me talk to Sam. I want to know she’s okay.”
“Uncle Shawn.” That was all Beth would allow her to say. She hung up the phone and threw it in the fireplace where she had a fire burning just for the phone. She knew Shawn wouldn’t relay the location to anyone out of fear of losing his niece. But she wouldn’t put it past Sheriff Anderson to trace the call with or without Shawn knowing. The girl’s mother worked for the Richmond County Sheriff’s department and was sure to be begging to be involved.

Shawn
I hung up the phone ready to scream. I knew the voice on the other end of the line had been Sam’s but she sounded so scared and small. Anger and fear gripped me by my chest. All I could think about was getting Sam somewhere safe. 
I turned around and stormed back into the house. Having run out of the room when Carolyn got here, I had yet to feed. Without a word I put my arm around Courtney and led her into Dad’s office. Mark was right behind us. It took all I had to pace myself while feeding. I was in such a hurry to get going, I had to work at controlling myself. I was also weaker than I thought I was. I didn’t want to take too much blood. That wouldn’t do any of us any good.
After feeding from Courtney I took a short break to catch my breath. I ended up being pulled away from Mark by Adams. Guess my control wasn’t very good after all. I made sure Mark was okay and after saying I’m sorry about a hundred times and being waved off by Mark telling me not to worry about it, he understood, I changed into street clothes and Adams, Casey and I headed out to get my niece back and put Beth behind bars.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Sadly, I remembered the place like it was yesterday, instead of five years ago. He had beaten his wife so badly, I didn’t know if she was alive when we got there. The caller had said she was a neighbor that had heard the fight. When we had gone next door to speak with the caller, the men there said there were no women that lived there. We were unable to find the caller and Mr. Henderson’s wife was lucky to be alive. Whoever called had saved her life. He was getting ready to shoot her when we busted in.
“Okay, the home is a one story house with a garage. There are three doors that lead inside. There’s one in the garage, a back door and a front door. We’ll look around first and find out where she’s keeping Sam. When we locate her, we’ll meet up on the East side of the house to discuss entrance.”
It had only taken fifteen minutes to get there but it had felt like hours. I parked the car about a block down the road. That way, we could go unseen until we entered the house. Once there, it didn’t take long to find Sam. We could see her just inside the living room window. 
As planned, we moved over to the East side of the house and decided on how to enter. I, of course, would go in through the front door. I would knock to get her to focus on me. Adams and Casey would go in through the back door. I would insist she kill me in the garage so they could get Sam out of harm’s way by telling her I didn’t want my niece to see me die. Once she was safe, Adams would call my cell and I would let it go to voicemail. After that, the game was on. She wouldn’t know what hit her. 
When I could hear they were in place, I knocked on the door. I saw Sam look up as Beth opened the door.
“Uncle Shawn no, she’s going to kill you!” Sam was crying so hard she almost didn’t get the words out.
“Let my niece go, I’m here now.” I knew she said after I was dead she would let her go but I had to try. It was also hard to ignore the pleas of my niece.
“You’re still alive. I’m not letting her go yet.”
“If you must do this, then please do it in the garage? I don’t want Sam to see it happen. It’s bad enough she’s going to hear it. There’s no reason she needs to see it.”
She stood there for so long I didn’t think she would go for it. “Okay, get moving.” She stepped between Sam and me so Sam wouldn’t see the gun that was being pointed at me, and, followed me out of the door. The whole way I could hear Sam screaming my name and yelling please don’t kill him. “I love you Uncle Shawn” was almost too much for me to hear at the moment.
When we got in the garage, I hit the car and set off the alarm. This was my signal to Adams and Casey that the coast was clear. It also delayed Beth from shooting me. She scrabbled in her pockets to find the keys to shut it off.
“What the hell did you do that for? The neighbors will call the cops.”  As she finished her sentence my phone began to ring. I gave a small smile and charged her. Before she could react I had her pinned to the wall next to the door.
She was stronger than I had expected. She managed to keep hold of the gun and to spin around to face the wall. I moved my head just as she jerked back to head-butt me. She took advantage of me being off balance by shoving off the wall and throwing me against the car, sending the sound of the alarm into the sounds of the fight. I pushed off the car and swung at her; finally knocking the gun free from her grip. 
As I was launching myself at her, she jumped up with a tire iron in her hand. I tried to duck as she swung at me but she slammed it against my left side, sending me into the car. I shattered the driver’s window and could feel my arm break. I landed on the floor where she jumped on top of me, raising the tire iron high over her head. I threw my fist at her with everything I had. She flew across the room and crashed into some metal shelves. I thought with the impact being so hard it would knock her out. No such luck. Before I could get to her she threw the tire iron at me and it hit me square in the chest. 
“Give up, Beth. It’s over.” I demanded as I stumbled to the floor.
“Not without a fight”  
She began to charge at me. I had just enough time to swing out and hit her. This time the impact of hitting the shelves knocked her out. She sank to the floor as I grabbed her gun. Before I was able to walk over to her, I was confronted by Adams.
“Don’t do it Shawn. She’s not worth it. It’s over now. Let’s just get her in cuffs and off to the hospital. Then she can be taken to prison for life.”
Turning around I saw Sam was standing in the door. All of my anger and rage melted away as she ran into my arms crying. 
“I told you to get her out of here. Why is she still here?” I wasn’t angry, just concerned.  
“She followed Adams back in. I was just catching up to her when we saw it was over. I couldn’t bring myself to make her leave you. She was frantic when we took her out back. She begged us to help you. That’s why Adams came back in.” Casey’s words were enough to make me let go and cry. Adams was on the phone requesting the EMTs and a car to follow them to the hospital.
I sat on the front steps with Sam in my arms as we waited. She was flooding me with tears and questions. I answered the best I could. I knew she was owed some answers but I wasn’t sure how much Carolyn wanted her to know. Personally, I felt she was old enough to know the truth, but I’m not her parent, so it’s not my choice.
When the officers showed up it turned out to be just about the entire department. Carolyn bolted from Dad’s car and made a beeline to Sam who was up and out of my arms in a flash. The only movement I could make was to lean forward and slump over my knees. The relief of this being over was almost as overwhelming as the ordeal itself. As I sat there, hands began to massage my shoulders and I was able to lean back against Casey as I felt the tension begin to melt. Before long I was surrounded by my family. 
“I know you are a vampire but maybe you should go to the hospital and let them make sure you’re okay.” Dad was standing over me acting as my father, not my boss.
Letting out a shaky laugh, the only thing I could say was, “I need a vacation, not the hospital.”
“Then here’s the deal, you take as long as you need. If you show up at work before you are ready, I’ll suspend you until I think you are ready to come back.” I had to laugh at his lack of ability to not just be my father on that aspect. But this was one time I was grateful for it. 
“Shawn. I want you to know I don’t blame you for this. You shouldn’t either. None of this was your fault.” Carolyn was standing next to Dad, still hanging onto Sam.
“I’ve already had my head knocked off for stating how I feel about all of this so I’m just not going to say anything.” The glare from my Dad made me sink farther back into Casey.
Sam, on the other hand, had come out of her shock and fear. “What do you mean you know he’s a vampire?” The look of confusion made us all laugh.
“I’ll explain later, once I’ve found out how much your mother will let me tell you.” I stood up, wrapped my arms around her and kissed the top of her head.
In response to the sounds coming from the garage, I looked up to see Beth being wheeled out on a stretcher. From the sounds she was making I could tell she was awake. I let go of Sam and walked over to where Beth was being taken to the ambulance. 
“You know you are going to serve life for five counts of murder and one count of kidnaping. I’m going to find any and every charge I can to hit you with. I will make sure there is no chance of parole for you. And your father can kiss any privileges he has good-bye.” I stood over her to make sure she saw me and heard every word I said.
 Beth looked up at me and I could see the sadness in her eyes. Whether it was because she was truly sorry for what she and her brother had done or that she got caught doing it, I wasn’t sure. “I should have told him no. I know it doesn’t mean much now but I’m sorry. I never wanted any of this to happen. Even with him behind bars I was still scared of him. I was ready to leave the country and forget about it but I learned that Will had been killed. The anger I felt towards my father for talking us into this mess was redirected at you.” When she started to cry I almost felt sorry for her. But like she had said, she could have said no. 
The EMTs took her to the ambulance and loaded her in. Before long, they left, leaving me with a relief like I had never felt before. Even though I was glad it was over and she would pay for what she had done, it still left me sad. She had been a good employee up until the end. It’s kind of depressing to know how her life has ended up. She had good potential. But at the end of the day, she had allowed her father to trap her in a scheme that had ruined her life.
I found myself surrounded by my family again. Bryan, Carolyn, Sam, my dad and Casey. “Let’s get back to the house Shawn. Your mother is probably pulling her hair out right now. Courtney, Mark and Julie were all restless when we left. Besides, you look like shit. You need to feed.” Dad said as he pointed at the car waiting for me.
“Dad, I can’t feed from them again today. I’ll be fine until the morning. All I want to do right now is fall into the bed and sleep.” I patted Dad on the shoulder and lead Adams and Casey back to the car.
CHAPTER NINETEEN

After arriving back at my parent’s home, I wasn’t even able to get out of my car before my mom was out the door and headed to me. However, Sadie beat her to me. I stepped out of the car and barely stood up when she plowed into me and knocked me on my tail. The sounds of her happy whining were enough to make me feel better. Her weight was lifted off of me when Davis reached me and pulled her gently off by her collar. I stood up only to be wrapped in a tight hug from my mother.
“I was so worried it would be a trap and I’d never see you or Sam again.” She was leaning her head on my shoulder and crying. 
“Let’s go inside Mom. I need to rest for a bit.” I squeezed her a bit and pried her loose from me.
“Okay, you rest and I’ll fix something for dinner. I know you don’t want food but maybe you’ll still eat something.” Mom gave a weak smile, looped her arm in mine and we walked inside.
“Mom, it’s two in the afternoon. Isn’t it kind of early for dinner?”
“I’ve decided because of all of this you deserve to have your favorite dinner. Bar-b-q ribs. I’ll have about two hours for them to marinade then your father can start the grill and cook them. We’ll wake you in time to eat.”
“Sounds great, Mom, thanks.” I couldn’t help but smile. She always knows how to make my siblings and I feel better when we’ve had a bad time with something.
Once inside, I made a detour to Dad’s office where I flopped down on his couch. I had assumed everyone else had stayed in the living room so I could try to sleep but found out fast I was followed by Mark, Courtney and Casey. Since I was lying down they found spots on the floor facing me.
“Shawn, you look bad. I think you need to feed before you rest. It may help you feel better when you wake up.” I could hear the concern in Courtney’s voice.
“I won’t feed from the two of you twice in one day. I’ll get some rest and feed in the morning. I’ll be fine.” I closed my eyes hoping they would take the hint. 
As it turned out, I didn’t have any luck with them getting the hint. I lay there listening to them hounding me about feeding again until I heard a voice from the door telling me he wasn’t leaving until I fed. I looked up at the door shocked from seeing Davis standing there ready to move towards me.
“Excuse me?” I wasn’t sure I had heard him right.
“I said I’m not leaving until you feed and if you can’t feed from them twice in one day then you will just have to feed from me. I’m not going to let you get that weak before they are able to let you feed again.” With that being said, he walked over and motioned for me to sit up. 
“John, are you sure you want to do this. You may never want to be around me again if you do.”
“I’m offering which means I’m willing and want to. Why would I not want to be around you if I do?” The questioning look on his face had Mark laughing.
“You have two choices, you can feel the pain of him biting you or you can feel, well, turned on, I guess, is the only way to explain it. Why do you think he normally feeds from Courtney? It’s really weird.” Mark couldn’t hold the laughter in while he explained all of this.
“Well, that’s something I just have to deal with because I’m still going to let him. He looks like shit. Besides, if it gets too bad I am married and I am going home after he’s finished.”
“Okay, don’t say we didn’t warn you but you won’t be going home right after I’m finished. You’ll be dizzy as hell and feel like shit for about thirty minutes.” I watched him from the corner of my eye to make sure he was really okay with this. When I was sure he was, I asked him to change places with me.
“There’s no turning back after I start. This is your last chance to back out.” I said as I moved closer so I could reach his neck without it being any more awkward then it already would be.
“Just get it over with, damn it.” He leaned his head back on the couch and waited for me to start.
After I was finished I leaned back and checked on John. “Just so you know; that was weird as hell and I will only do this again if it’s an emergency.” Mark, Courtney, Casey and I all busted out laughing as my brother walked in.
“Bryan, could you help me help John into the other room so Shawn can lie down?” Mark asked between laughs.
“Sure, but what’s so funny?” 
“John just found out what it’s like to feed a vampire.” Mark answered as he and Bryan lifted John off the couch.
“Is it really that bad?”
“Only if you are male and straight; otherwise, no, it’s great.” John’s slurred answer was enough to start the laughing all over again.
Two and a half hours later, as promised, Mom had sent Casey in to wake me up. By that time, everyone that wasn’t family, except for Mark, Courtney, Casey and Julie, had gone home. I felt better than I had in a very long time and was pleased by the kiss I was woken up by. To add to my good mood, I found out while I was asleep, Dad, Casey and Adams had filled everyone in on what had happened and they were told by Mom that no one is to talk about any of this while we ate. It was to be a happy dinner with no disturbing conversations. And everyone knew when Mom said a topic was off limits then anyone who brought it up would be banned from the dinner table.
Because of the ban on disturbing conversations set by Mom, dinner was awesome. The topic of what I was going to do for my vacation came up and while I hadn’t thought about it yet, I knew just where I wanted to go and who I wanted to go with me.
“Julie, do you think I could steal Casey from you for a few weeks? I’d like her to go with me.”
“I think I can manage on my own. It’s a wonderful idea for you two to go.” Julie responded with the same smile that Davis and I get every morning, friendly and full of love. 
“What do you think Casey, will you go with me?”
“That all depends on where you are going.” I saw the playful smile telling me it didn’t matter as long as we were together.
“My grandparents had a cabin up in the mountains. It’s a huge place surrounded by woods. I’d like to go up there.” I hadn’t been there since before my grandpa died and I missed the peace and quiet that could be found there.
“That sounds good to me. I love the woods and nature.” She was facing me and gave me a wink and shy smile. 
“It’s settled then. We’ll leave in a few days. That will give us enough time to get things ready.”
EPILOGUE

Two days after Beth’s arrest, Casey and I headed up to my grandparents cabin in Cherokee, North Carolina. The cabin sat on fifty acres of land and was two stories high. The front porch stretched out across the front of the house with a gazebo and stairs on each side. The chimney ran up the front of the cabin with two windows on each side, one for each floor. There are two front doors located on either side of the chimney and the driveway to the right of the cabin. There is also an outdoor fireplace between the drive and the gazebo. 
After entering the front door into the living room, a fireplace can be found at the front side of the cabin. The living room was a cozy spot with a flat screen TV mounted on the wall above the fireplace. The couch sat facing both with a coffee table in front of it and two recliners on either side. The door leading to the dining room and kitchen was next to the front door. 
The dining room consisted of a small area with a table pushed up against the wall with four chairs. The kitchen was the dream of every avid cook. The counter space was vast. A long counter divided the dining area and kitchen with an L shaped counter on the outside wall. The sink and refrigerator were against the outside wall with the stove and under-the-counter mounted microwave above it were located on the short side. Black marble counters were accented by the black appliances. 
Upstairs is where the three bedrooms and two baths were. Casey took the one looking out over the back yard and I took the one looking out over the front yard across the hall from her room.
 We spent our days hiking through the woods. We tracked wild animals and waded in the river. When we came across a doe and her fawn, we sat down behind some underbrush and quietly took some pictures while they foraged for food. When the hunter’s dream of a buck walked up we couldn’t help but stare. I have never before seen a deer that big. If it weren’t for the pictures, we were sure no one would believe what we saw.
Most nights we could be found outside in a gazebo watching the sun go down and enjoying each other’s company or next to the fireplace roasting marshmallows. I’m not a big fan of them but s’mores sure are tasty. On nights that were rainy we’d curl up on the couch with a fire burning and either read or watch TV. 
Because of all the rest and relaxing, once a day feeding was all it took to keep us going. Funny thing about vampires, we need blood. This would be why Mark and Courtney came with us. We hardly saw them the whole time except when we needed to feed or we just wanted to hang out with them. They went their own way and we went ours most of the time. Courtney was a shop-a-holic and Mark found himself being drug into town and nearby tourist attractions while Casey and I chose to stay close and alone.
The two weeks spent in the woods with my girl and two best friends was just what I needed to get my head back together after the nightmare I just went through. When we returned home, Dad had no problems letting me get back to work. I also found out Mark had taken the opportunity to propose to Courtney. I would be Mark’s best man and Casey would be Courtney’s maid of honor.
Casey and I got married a year later. We had a simple wedding with only close family and friends. It goes without saying, Mark was my best man and Courtney was the maid of honor. Sadie has adjusted to having a cat in the home, although the cat doesn’t care much for Sadie. A year after our wedding, we started working on the nursery. Apparently, vampires can still have children. Mom, Courtney and Julie spent the next nine months showering Casey and I with things for the baby.  It’s funny how we are still learning about being vampires. We are beginning to wonder if we will ever stop learning.
About The Author

I’m a mother of two wonderful children ages 6 and 7. My husband and I also have 8 furry children, 4 cats and 5 dogs. My free time is spent writing, playing on Facebook or reading. I currently live in North Carolina with my husband. We have a love for animals that was passed down to our children. 
FB page
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sheri-Kurtz-Author/516784075086437

