
 
Tugurlan Chronicles
VAMPIRE INIQUITY
[BOOK ONE]
by
Eileen Sheehan

©Copyright 2016 Eileen Sheehan
Printed in The United States of America
 Worldwide Electronic & Digital Rights
 Worldwide English Language Print Rights
Earth Wise Books
ELECTRONIC EDITION
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any form, including digital and electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the publisher, except for brief quotes for use in reviews.
 This book is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Notice** Portions of this story may prove too graphic, sexually explicit, or violent for sensitive readers. This novel is intended for adult readers.
**This book contains a Sneak Peek of THE CURE, book 2 of the Tugurlan Chronicles. 
 

CONTENTS
AUTHOR’S NOTE
PROLOGUE
ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN
TWELVE
THIRTEEN
FOURTEEN
FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN
SEVENTEEN
EIGHTEEN
NINETEEN
TWENTY
TWENTY-ONE
TWENTY-TWO
TWENTY-THREE
TWENTY-FOUR
TWENTY-FIVE
TWENTY-SIX
TWENTY-SEVEN
TWENTY-EIGHT
TWENTY-NINE
THIRTY
THIRTY-ONE
THIRTY-TWO
THIRTY-THREE
THIRTY-FOUR
THIRTY-FIVE
THIRTY-SIX
THIRTY-SEVEN
THIRTY-EIGHT
THIRTY-NINE
FORTY
FORTY-ONE
FORTY-TWO
FORTY-THREE
FORTY-FOUR
FORTY-FIVE
FORTY-SIX
FORTY-SEVEN
EPILOGUE
A Sneak Peek at THE CURE
BOOKS BY EILEEN SHEEHAN
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

AUTHOR’S NOTE
 The Tugurlan Chronicles has been in the making for many years. Unlike my other novels, it is not a paranormal romance with a hunky vampire to fall in love with alongside the woman who is telling the story. Instead, it is a complex tale that is told by Dan Tugur (A Tugurlan descendant whose family shortened their name to Tugur when they moved to the USA). It contains the stories of many within the whole.
Book One, Vampire Iniquity, starts you off with the awakening and realization of the powers the Tugur cousins possess when it comes to slaying vampires. It blends fact with fiction; horror with happiness; discovering love with losing love.
Although Book Two, The Cure, takes you away from the horrors and cruelties of the vampires of Book One, the Tugur cousins are faced with a new dilemma and new vampires to deal with after Bruce Tugur battles a family of werewolves. Even so, there is still room for romance to bloom as the story progresses.
Vampires of a different nature are introduced in Book Three, Vampires and Werewolves. Along with these new vampires, the vampires from Book One surface once again, bringing new problems and renewing old ones for the Tugur cousins to find solutions for. In the meantime, the seeds for yet another new romance are planted.
I feel this story is an entertaining page turner, yet -because of the mixing of fact with fiction and the horror it contains in Book One, I feel I must warn my readers who have grown accustomed to the typical steamy vampire romances I create and quote Dan Tugur by saying this about Book One, Vampire Iniquity: “I would like to point out that this story is not for the weak of stomach or faint of heart.”
Book Two, The Cure and Book Three, Vampires and Werewolves are a little closer to what I would normally write, although from the point of view of a male instead of a female.
So, now that you are informed and ready to enjoy reading the story I took great pleasure in writing. You can curl up in your favorite chair and read the Tugurlan cousin’s unbelievable tale of romance, heartache, adventure, and peril.
Happy Reading!
PROLOGUE
Long before Bram Stoker wove his tale of Dracula for the world to read as fiction, there existed a true creature of the night who went by just such a name. Did Mr. Stoker know this? I question if he might have, since much of what he wrote reads with remarkable accuracy.
If Mr. Stoker’s intention was to write a biography of an unbelievable being under the guise of fiction he did a decent job but missed a great portion of significance. To withhold such information from the unsuspecting masses -to believe or not believe as their conscience allows- is a wrong I don’t want attributed to me.
The story I’m about to share with you is a recount of true experiences of which I was a major player. It’s a tale of loving and finding love. It tells of family legacy and solidarity. It speaks of friendship, loyalty, bravery, compassion, and I’m sorry to say… horror. Because of this, I would like to point out that this story is not for the weak of stomach or faint of heart.
You’d expect to find a story like this in the fiction aisle of your brick and mortar bookstore instead of the non-fiction section where it truly belongs, and that’s okay with me. In fact, I prefer it. It makes it easier to tell a story that I find unbelievable even though I lived through it when it’s formatted and touted as fictitious. I feel free sharing the details under the guise of make believe.
There were times that I was not in the company of all who were involved, yet their experiences played a role in the story and should still be shared. In these cases, I will do my best to keep the story flowing by telling how it happened to the best of my knowledge while weaving myself into the story at the appropriate times when I personally experienced or witnessed it.
My name is Dan Tugur. I’m a vampire slayer and this is my story.
So, I begin…
ONE
 You could hear a pin drop in the dojo as I listened intently while Shen, addressed the class. The students sat in neatly defined rows while giving him their utmost attention. I smiled as I recalled the first time we met, ten years earlier.
It was early evening. I was seventeen and feeling my need for independence. I’d just had an argument with my parents about this very fact. I was in my final days of high school and my parents wanted me to focus on college -while I wanted time to discover who I was and what I truly wanted in life. I felt restless. It was time to strike out on my own -at least for the summer- and discover new people, places, and things while my parents thought I should be focusing on selecting a college and a career goal.
The fact of the matter was that I didn’t know what I wanted to do with my life. I’d worked part-time over the years at the local gym to pay for my lessons in martial arts after my father became disabled and the household budget no longer allowed for those types of extras. I thrived on the physical discipline. The gym offered me a position as a personal trainer. All I had to do was study and take the test, but without my parent’s support I hesitated. Instead, I followed that old saying, “When in doubt, do nothing.”
I was deep in thought and brooding over yet another heated conversation with them over that same topic while I attempted to walk off some of my frustration when I walked straight into Shen coming out of his uncle’s Dojo. I apologized, excused myself, and continued on. He stood watching me for a moment before he crossed the street and walked in the same direction.
When I turned the corner, a searing pain pierced my temple as a set of brass knuckles slammed into my head. I fought to keep my senses while a small group of thugs circled me.
Shen stopped and watched intently. Blood visibly trickled down my face as I positioned my body for combat. It was obvious to him that I was trained in Kung Fu and, although my style was unusual, I showed skill and promise as I fought off an occasional attack from the circling thugs.
A young couple walking past slowed down enough to see what was happening and then moved on with apathetic disinterest. Shen hesitated. He was still new in the country and wanted to keep a low profile, but he was unaccustomed - and even surprised- by the type of apathy he’d just witnessed from the passersby. Shaking his head in disbelief, he moved in a rapid cat-like motion across the street. In a flash he was positioned next to me.
“What are you after, China Man?” someone in the group shouted.
The others joined in with more taunts and laughter as the circle tightened. Their leader held up his fists in preparation for battle. He was excited to have the opportunity to display his fighting ability.
“Maybe he wants some of this? Is that it China Man? Do you want some of this?” he taunted.
Shen showed no emotion as the leader moved forward and threw a punch. He blocked it with his arm and kicked his attacker in the face with incredible accuracy and force; sending him crashing to the pavement with lightning speed. The other thugs shouted their threats as their circle tightened.
Shen paused briefly to acknowledge me and coiled for action. Before I knew what was happening, he took down the rest of the thugs. I shook my head in amazement as I stared at the heap of bodies.
“Are you okay?” he asked. Although his accent was strong, his command of the English language was very good.
I grabbed his outstretched hand and shook it.
“Thanks, man,” I said with genuine gratitude.
“I think you need the hospital,” he said.
“I think I need to learn to fight like you!” I replied. I’d been a student of martial arts for years, but I’d never been taught moves like I’d just witnessed. In fact, I’d never seen anyone move like that and I wanted to learn. “I saw you coming out of the Dojo a few blocks back. Are you an instructor there? Tell me yes and I’ll enroll right now.”
Shen grinned and nodded. He’d recently immigrated from China and was assisting at his uncle’s Dojo. He walked with me to assure himself I didn’t have a concussion. While walking, he answered my questions.
True to my word, I became a student the very next day. It wasn’t long before I earned status as the star student and was paired with Shen for demonstrations to new groups. He was an easy five inches shorter than me. His wiry physique looked to be no match against my lean, muscular, Nordic-type, body. Upon our first pairing, when I stood before Shen I was certain I’d learned enough to show him I was his equal. That was an arrogant misconception that I’d live to regret. What he lacked in size, he more than made up with skill and wit. I was quickly humbled. As time progressed, we were paired together more and more by his uncle. We eventually learned each other’s style, strengths, and weaknesses. Our mutual respect for each other’s abilities grew steadily as our relationship went beyond that of student and teacher and we formed a strong and solid friendship.
As the years progressed, I was asked to assist in teaching and was assigned a few classes to teach on my own. Since I’d also gone ahead and gotten my personal trainer credentials and accepted the position at the gym I’d been working at, my schedule was pretty complete.
The students sat in a relaxed group on the floor, listening intently to Shen’s soft, confident voice as he lectured, “You do not have to rely on physical build, but on a logical sequence of movements. No matter how hard you train or work to improve, there will always be someone bigger than you, stronger than you, or faster than you in one way or another. Speed is important. You can overcome your opponent’s superiority by applying these principles of speed. If you cannot overcome your opponent with one principle of speed, you can beat him with another method of speed. There is the speed of traveling, the speed of distance, the speed of readiness, and the speed of reaction.” He paused and surveyed the student’s faces before continuing. “Now, the speed of traveling is when speed can be calculated in feet per seconds through a punch or a kick. The speed of distance is the theory that the straight line between two points is the shortest distance. Therefore, punching straight is shorter and quicker than a hook punch or a swing.”
He searched the room with his eyes until he found me. Smiling devilishly, he motioned for me to come to the front of the room. I obeyed and got into position without being asked.
“To bring your foot with a roundhouse kick to the head covers a greater distance than a shorter and quicker punch to the head,” he said before demonstrating. I responded quickly to block his powerful kick. “It is typical to cock back your leg or arm before executing a movement,” he continued. “This wastes valuable time in the extra motion. It also clues your opponent on your next move.” He demonstrated again. Once again, I blocked what could have been a painful impact. “When your power is not generated just by the moving hand or leg, there is no need to cock. You use the other side of your body to pull back as you rotate to push out the punch or kick simultaneously. This is what we call the speed of readiness. People spend most of their time practicing until they are good with all these techniques. In true combat, the application is not priority. This is because the proper reflexes and feeling of balance must be developed. You can train and fight with yourself all day long, but unless you apply the techniques with another person, you will not get very far. A fight requires at least two people.”
Shen bowed to me. I reciprocated the gesture before returning to the back of the room. He motioned for the group to rise and then paired them off. The pairs bowed to each other and began practicing what he’d just demonstrated. He walked slowly around the room; stopping on occasion to provide some one-on-one instruction.
The group had an odd count for attendance, leaving an enormous man standing on the side of the room in need of a partner. I groaned as Shen motioned for me to partner up with that student. As I moved in position, I felt a surge of aggressive energy projecting from this gigantic man who looked to have the blood of Goliath running through his veins. I swallowed and looked over at Shen with uncertainty. My friend and instructor maintained a stone look on his face as he methodically walked around the room and pretended not to notice my distressed glowering.
Resigning myself to the situation, I bowed to my opponent. Shen clapped his hands and Goliath went into action. Shen had a pleased glint in his eye as he watched my lean, muscular body move with agile style and grace against the aggressive assaults of my king sized opponent.


TWO
 I entered the neighborhood diner and eased myself onto the stool at the counter. The waitress, Lucy, smiled and nodded in my direction and I gave a slight wave. She poured a cup of coffee and silently slipped it in front of me while she examined my face more closely.
“That looks like it might hurt, honey,” she said as she cupped my chin in her hand and studied the bruises on my jaw and temple.
“I’m alright,” I assured her. “Some ice might help.”
“Good idea,” she replied.
Shen arrived in time to witness the exchange between Lucy and me. Since the day we’d, he’d marveled over how women were drawn to me. I can’t tell you why they are, exactly. I guess the fact that I am considered handsome was a major factor, but he declared it to be more than that. He said it’s as if I held some magic spell over the female species. I need only enter a room and they were at my mercy. Unfortunately, I too had little resistance to this so called magic. It made it practically impossible to stay monogamous. I’d confided my woes about this on more than one occasion to him. He felt this wouldn’t be the case once I met my true mate and not just a female I was highly attracted to, as I was with Jessica. He liked Jessica well enough, but he could clearly see the relationship was held together by her efforts more than mine.
As Lucy disappeared into the kitchen, he gently slapped me on my back before easing himself onto the stool next to me.
“You look like hell, my friend,” he said.
“Are you hungry?” I asked with a scowl. “I ordered steak... raw.”
Lucy returned with ice wrapped in a towel and gently helped me position it over my temple. She smiled sheepishly at Shen before scurrying off to fetch him a cup of coffee. He chuckled and slowly shook his head as he watched Lucy blush when she dropped a cup.
“You were up to it,” he said. “You just need more confidence. I believe in you man. You need to believe in you too.”
I rolled my eyes as I listened to him give me the standard speech he used on new students. I was anything but insecure with my knowledge and abilities. Knowing this, Shen occasionally antagonized me with such comments as a quirky form of amusement. I stopped trying to impress upon him years ago that I didn’t find this type of nudging humorous.
I winced when he lightly cupped my chin to inspect the damage.
“That son-of-a-bitch seriously wanted to kill you,” he mused.
My chuckle had a sarcastic ring as I replied, “You noticed? It was a damn good thing he didn’t know what he was doing. He’s one crazy bastard.”
“That is why no one wants to pair up with him,” he said with a grin.
“You knew this?” I growled in surprise.
“You have come a long way over the last few years,” he said appraisingly as he smiled and accepted his coffee from Lucy.
I may have been annoyed with the teasing but it was good to see my buddy in such a feisty mood. It was a long time since I saw Shen smile, let alone show his devilish, teasing side to such a degree. After his parents died in a boating accident and his uncle loss of one of his eyes and full use of his leg while trying to save them, he took on most of the responsibilities for the operation of the Dojo. The pressures were intense and, as a result, he was quiet and serious most of the time.
“You’re pretty chipper tonight. It’s nice,” I said.
“I have something to show you,” he said eagerly.
He reached into the inside breast pocket of his windbreaker and pulled out an envelope containing the most recent letter and picture sent to him by his fiancé. He carefully set the picture on the counter and slid it in front of me.
“Hey, man, she’s beautiful,” I said in earnest.
I couldn’t have been more serious. My friendship with Shen exposed me to the Chinese culture and its people and I’d developed a strong understanding and appreciation for them and their ways. Not only would this young woman be considered a beauty in her culture, there wasn’t a man alive who could look upon her and not appreciate her femininity. He was a lucky man.
He beamed with excitement as he said, “I want you to be my best man.”
I knit my brows together and looked my friend straight in the eye. He’d lived in my country for a little over a decade now. He’d maintained his family’s business and in the process, created a solid financial foundation for himself. He was a handsome catch that any woman would be happy to have. I questioned his decision to marry a woman an ocean away when there were plenty to be had in his own back yard.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” I asked. “Don’t get me wrong. she’s a beauty, but you haven’t seen her in quite some time. People change. How do you know you’re still compatible? There are so many beautiful women right here who’d walk through fire to have you. I don’t get it.”
“It does not matter that we have not seen each other for some time. Our bond it strong and we write all of the time. I have been in love with Dao-Ming since we were children. I could not imagine being with anyone else,” he said firmly.
“Wow, I had no idea,” I said wistfully. “Of course, it would help if you’d open up occasionally and share a confidence or two.”
My eyes twinkled playfully as I nurtured my wound with the ice.
“Forgive me. It is not my intention to keep you a stranger to me. You are like a brother. I hope you realize that,” he began. “I was raised in a different culture and my family ways were instilled within me during my formative years. My parents and their parents, and their parents before them all believed one should hold one’s thoughts and words and share them sparingly. The ways of my ancestors are not so easy to turn away from. Can you understand this?”
I nodded while I picked up the picture and studied it more closely.
“It doesn’t hurt that she’s beautiful,” I mused.
“No, it does not hurt,” he replied with a chuckle. For a brief second, he looked as if he was miles away in his mind. “We would have been together by now if she had not been called back to China.”
“What do you mean?” I asked with surprise. “Was she here and I never knew it?”
“She was in school at UCLA,” he explained. “She was studying to become a doctor, but her father became very ill last year and died. Her mother cannot afford to continue her education.”
I knit my brows together.
“Wait a minute,” I said with angst. “You mean to tell me that she was in this country and I never got to meet her?”
He heaved a sigh.
“It is complicated,” he said. “In the beginning she struggled with the language. Even though she was taught English in our country, she rarely used it in general conversation. She found it difficult to keep up in school. We felt the excitement of visiting would create an even greater burden on her abilities to concentrate on her studies. Instead, I visited her on several occasions.”
“So, that’s the family you visited in California,” I mused.
“You should have met her over the summer,” he said. “She was going to come here, but she was called back to China.”
“I’m sorry, man,” I said.
He filled his lungs with air before speaking.
“Soon we will be married and we will work together to find a way to complete her education. One day I will be the proud husband of a great doctor,” he boasted.
I chuckled at my friend’s enthusiasm as I placed the picture back on the counter with a gentleness that equaled his just moments earlier when presenting it and slid it back to him.
I slapped him heartily on his back and said, “I’d be honored.”

THREE
 Jessica eased her slender body from the driver’s side of her silver BMW convertible. Her pale skin was in stark contrast to the thick ebony waves cascading over her shoulders. She struggled to balance the bulging bags of groceries in her arms as she carefully picked her way up the stairs and then down the hall of our apartment building. I’d repeatedly asked her why she insisted on loading her arms instead of making multiple trips. She couldn’t really explain her reasoning. It wasn’t as if she was a lazy woman. It was more the way she was raised. Her mother was a stickler about doing things in the quickest time possible. One trip was obviously faster than two.
I heard her struggling with the key and briskly pulled the door opened before disappearing and leaving her to enter and shut it with her foot. She didn’t take offense. She knew this was the time of day I dedicated to training in my makeshift in-home gym.
Bags toppled over as she set them on the kitchen counter. She rushed to retrieve several runaway apples before they rolled out of the kitchen and into the hall. A scowl creased her brows as she inspected one and saw the severe bruising it now sported.
I turned on my soothing music and began my Tai Chi session. I found the slow and gentle movements of this ancient practice just the thing to help my body cool, stretch, and relax after a vigorous training.
Jessica leaned on the wall while she watched in silence. The muscles on my back flexed and my skin glistened with sweat as I moved in slow, disciplined, and controlled postures. She often remarked how my strong, chiseled features reminded her of a Greek god; minus the beard. Her eyes traced down my torso. I allowed myself an inward smile. I knew she was admiring the round of my buttocks as it flexed beneath my lightweight sweatpants. It was her favorite part of my body.
She’d learned a long time ago not to interrupt when I was training. I took my training very seriously and the simple gesture of allowing me those few hours of peaceful focus made all The difference in my frame of mind for the rest of the day.
I sometimes wondered how she put up with me. She often told me I was like a wild animal that needed constant care and restraining, yet she was content with our life together. She was certain my wandering eyes and fear of commitment would fade with age. In the meantime, she was willing to go the extra mile to keep my eyes and attention on her and her alone.
She heaved a satisfied sigh before heading back to the kitchen and setting the apples on the counter before slowly and methodically unpacking the contents of the grocery bags and putting each item in its respective place. Looking around the kitchen, she spotted dirty dishes in the sink and set to task of putting them in the dishwasher and tidying up the counter tops. When she was finished, she stepped back, placed her hands on her hips, and gave an approving nod. Just as I was set in my ways when it came to my training, Jess was set in her ways when it came to her home. She didn’t function well when things weren’t in their proper order. It was an affliction that was with her since childhood; something her mother was certainly pleased with. Needless to say, my drop-as-you-go habit took time adjusting to.
Jess peered once again in my direction and smiled. When I reached the far side of the room, my eyes met hers as I slowly turned. I could see her shudder from the sensual chill running down her spine.
Sensual chills weren’t always her reaction. The first time she’d witnessed my vacant stare while performing Tai Chi she was freaked out. She eventually discussed it with me. My explanation that I wasn’t really looking at her but was in a form of walking meditation and my mind was only partially aware of what was going on in the room made sense and her fears were replaced by lust.
She shook her head to clear away the hypnotic sensation she sometimes had when she got caught up in watching my slow, methodical movements and made her way into our bedroom. Her day had been more stressful than usual and she longed to soak in a hot bubble bath. She quickly stripped off her clothing and headed for the bathroom. Pouring a generous amount of lavender scented bubble bath into the running water, she distributed the ever growing bubbles by slowly swishing her hand back and forth in the soothing, warm water. She then reached to turn on the radio that was precariously perched on the edge of a narrow shelf positioned at the end of the tub. She set the dial to an easy listening station before lowering her slender body into the oversized tub. The low tones of a flutiest working his magic permeated the air as it coaxed her mind into deep relaxation.
Her eyes were closed in blissful tranquility when I filled the doorway with my lean, six-foot, one-inch frame. My smoldering eyes permeated the pink flesh of her breasts as they bobbed above the bubbles.
“Got room for me?” I asked seductively.
Her hazel eyes peered from under her thick black eyelashes and smiled.
“Come on in, dirty man,” she cooed.
I wasted no time stripping off my sweats and easing my body beneath the steamy bubbles opposite her. The heat soothed my overworked muscles while her giggles and mischievous tossing of tiny bubble clusters at me tickled and aroused my senses. It wasn’t long before I lunged forward and covered her mouth with mine. Our passion rose as she returned my kiss with a sensuality that flared my loins with desire.
Our lips never parted as I stood and pulled her up onto her feet. Scooping her slight, five-foot three-inch body into my arms, I made my way into the bedroom and gently lowered her onto the bed.
Our brief time in the bath wasn’t enough to remove the scent from my strenuous workout. Rather than repel her, it roused a primal excitement. We devoured each other with passionate lovemaking until we lay, spent, upon the bed.
Jessica laid her head on my chest as I pulled her close. All tension and anxiety from the day was gone. The beating of my strong heart had almost lulled her to sleep when the ringing of the telephone brought her back to reality. Reluctant to break the mood of the moment, we let the answering machine take the call.
“Dan, this is Shen. It is important. Please call me as soon as you can... Please,” came Shen’s voice through the machine.
I tried to sit up and to reached for the receiver in hopes of catching him before I hung up. There was an unmistakable sense of urgency in his voice; something I’d never heard before. Jessica felt my muscles tense as I shifted position. She wasn’t ready to release the feeling of euphoria and drew me back down to her with sensual persuasion.
“He said as soon as you can. Right now, you can’t,” she murmured as she climbed on top of me.
Although Jessica would never admit it to me, I knew she was jealous of my relationship with Shen. She occasionally expressed how she felt like she was competing with him for my time and attention. She claimed she struggled for whatever attention I gave her while I offered it to Shen freely. This wasn’t true. It was just that Shen and I shared a world of martial arts that was first and foremost in my daily existence. The only interest she had in that world was watching my ass while I practiced. I tried to explain this to her, but a strong river of resentment flowed just beneath her surface of false acceptance where Shen was concerned none-the-less.
Running her soft, moist tongue across my chest, she coaxed all resistance I might have had away. I shuddered with excitement and shoved Shen’s phone message in the recesses of my mind as my loins came back to life.

****

It was several hours after Shen’s message before I slipped from the embrace of my sleeping and satiated girlfriend and made my way to the phone in the kitchen. Guilt swept over me as I dialed his number. His message sounded urgent. It was clear he had something very important to discuss.
Disgust for my inability to control my carnal urges consumed me as I listened to the ringing through the receiver. Why did I allow lust to control me so? Why couldn’t I be more like my buddy? I couldn’t recall a time when he allowed his body’s desires to take control. I promised myself that I’d work on conquering what I considered an undesirable flaw.
Shen asked me to meet him as soon as possible at our favorite Chinese restaurant, with no further explanation. I readily agreed.
Jessica popped her sleep tussled head through the doorway.
“What is it baby?” she asked.
I heaved a sigh. I’d always known Shen to be calm and collected. Hearing the strain in his voice put me on the alert. Something very serious must be happening.
“The craziest thing, I... I just don’t know,” I said.


FOUR
 I hopped out of a cab while Shen and a group of Chinese men stood huddled together watching me. Their faces looked solemn. I approached the group with a nod and shook hands with each man as Shen made the introductions to the few I didn’t know.
We entered Wong’s Chinese Palace and walked through the crowded dining room and into a larger room that contained a conference table with chairs around it. I lagged behind and watched the men take their seats with swift silence. Shen motioned for me to join them as the group spoke in their native language. Although I was studying Mandarin, I was still weak at it and they were speaking far too rapidly for me to follow the conversation. My buddy did his best to keep up with the flow of the conversation, while translating the important aspects of it for me.
“There have been rumors about forced slavery and prostitution for months, but no one has been able to prove it,” he explained. “There is a house in Poughkeepsie where they are supposedly sent to before they are shipped off.”
“That’s unbelievable!” I exclaimed.
I’d heard rumors as well, but I hadn’t put much credence behind them. I sympathized with the families of these poor victims, but what did that have to do with me? Why was I called there? Although tempted to voice the question, I simply nodded and allowed him to continue.
“Yes, but very real,” he said. “It has been an age old problem that never seems to go away.” He paused, raising the suspense before continuing. “We believe they have Dao-Ming.”
“You’re kidding. Why her?” I asked.
I knew instantly how foolish my words sounded, but Shen seemed unbothered and continued.
“Dao-Ming is beautiful,” he said softly. “Her mother entrusted her to the care of Madam Jiǎ. In China, Madam Jiǎ is well known for helping refugees into the states by smuggling them. She has many connections and has made a fortune from it.”
“Smuggle?” I mused aloud.
“Of course,” he replied. “As in other countries, there are many people in China who cannot find a good job to support their families so they sneak into more desirable European countries or here to the United States. They indenture themselves to a business owner who is looking for cheap labor and who does not mind breaking the law. You will find them working in restaurants or other types of businesses to pay back the expense of getting them here. While they are working off their debt, they look for a way to stay and become a legal resident.
“These traffickers take advantage of this. They trap many of the immigrants before they can make it to their destination and sell them to the highest bidder. The traffickers believe no one will miss their captives because they are smuggling themselves in. It is a well-known risk many take.” He was silent for a moment before continuing, “Dao-Ming was coming here legally. Her mother was only using the services of Madam Jiǎ because Dao-Ming and her mother always depended on her father to arrange these things. They felt Madam Jiǎ was knowledgeable and skilled in what was needed. They hoped she would be able to make things happen smoother and faster for Dao-Ming. Madam Jiǎ is very expensive, but also very good. She is old and we didn’t realize she was very ill, so her assistant took over for her. We do not know if the assistant is part of the scheme or just stupid. The authorities have her in custody, but we do not have our hopes very high. So many Chinese go missing each year and are never found. It is big business. It is very big business.”
“I thought that stuff died when modern technology came into play,” I said.
Shen shook his head slowly. His face mirrored his painful worry.
“It only made it easier for them,” he explained. “You can actually shop for a servant or a sex slave online now. It is all underground, but if you have the code words, you can find the information. Unfortunately, it is hard to get these words. Only the richest people in the world are given them. Even then, I am told they change constantly to stay ahead of the authorities.”
I heaved a sigh as I asked, “What do you plan on doing?”
“I am catching a train for Poughkeepsie in one hour,” he replied. “Are you with me?”
Our eyes locked in silence while the men continue with their conference. Over the years our bond had tightened. We truly were like brothers. Of course I was with him. He need not even ask. The conversation around the table grew more and more intense. One of the men shouted while pounding his fist on the table, but we didn’t flinch as I slowly nodded my head in silent communication.
“There is one more thing you should know, before you say yes,” he said in a voice that was low and thick.
“Shoot,” I replied.
I was a little startled by the cadence of Shen’s voice and the sudden darkness of his eyes.
“The men we will be chasing are notoriously evil men,” he said hesitantly.
“Well, I have to agree with you there. The slime buckets are probably...” I began.
Shen gripped my arm for emphasis as he continued, “They are not just slime buckets, they are killers. Some say they are not human, but vampires.” He paused while my face contorted in disbelief. He’d expected me to balk at such a tale like he had at first, but after the stories his uncle and his uncle’s closest friends told him, he could no longer dismiss the rumors and added that possibility to the mix. “Human or not,” he continued, “This is a very real business for them and they will not like us coming to stop them. Men have gone before us and disappeared without a trace. It is possible we may not return home.”
It all seemed so surreal; almost like an episode of Law and Order or even the X Files. I welcomed the oxygen I took in when I filled my lungs before nodding my head to indicate I understood. I may not have believed the dramatic story I was being fed, but there was no mistaking that my friend needed me and that was enough. Whatever lay ahead, Shen and his uncle had become like family and I wouldn’t let them down.


FIVE
 It was late in the night when the train pulled into the Poughkeepsie station. The train would go no further. This was the end of the line. I admired how the old and well used building managed to retain its turn of the century ambience.
Shen and I had spent the past one and one-half hours huddled in thought amongst the mass of commuters who were now getting off the train and heading toward their cars with brief cases in hand.
The multicolored leaves fell gently in the cool evening breeze as we stepped off the train. I pulled the hood of my jacket up while Shen adjusted the wool cap on his head as we scurried to a row of cabs. We were anxious to secure one before they were all scooped up by passengers who were eager to reach their destination. It was early evening and we didn’t know the city well. Walking to our destination wasn’t something either of us wanted to do.
The cab driver looked hungry and haggard as he asked us where we wanted to go. Shen was unsure of the exact destination but certain of the area we needed to look. He asked him to take us to Vassar College.
Although I still questioned the legitimacy of my friend’s claim that vampires existed, I was completely convinced of the need to rescue his fiancé from her kidnappers. If these creeps really were in Poughkeepsie grabbing unsuspecting young girls, what better place than a college? It was the logical place to start.
“Just out of curiosity,” I said as I sunk back into the seat next to him. “I get why we’re going to a college, but why Vassar? Why not Marist?”
“One of my uncle’s friends is familiar with this city,” he explained. “He said the architecture near Vassar fits the descriptions we were given of the hiding place. You won’t find Marist in that type of surroundings. One of those houses near Vassar is the house we seek. Not only did my uncle’s friend determine it, but I can feel it deep inside me.”
It was a quick ride to the neighborhood of Vassar College. The cab stopped just outside of the Jillion’s café and we hopped out.
“You know I’m with you,” I said in earnest, “but I have to say this and I won’t mention it again.” I searched his expression and took a deep breath before continuing. “It’s really too bad what’s happened to Dao-Ming and I know you love her, but I don’t understand why you don’t just let the police handle it.”
“The capturing of men and women immigrants for forced slavery and prostitution has been going on for centuries and the police have not been able to stop it,” he replied. “A few of those men at the meeting yesterday lost someone months ago and we already asked the police for help. We gave them all the information we had and still nothing. In truth, we are unsure if they even did an investigation. This may be because they were illegal immigrants or it may be because the police do not believe our story. I do not know which. I must help Dao-Ming. I cannot just sit back and do nothing and we have already experienced what happens when we seek help from the police.”
I heaved a sigh and said, “Okay, buddy, lead the way.”
We walked past Jillion’s café toward Vassar College. I stopped in front of the café long enough to peer in the window at the crowd of jovial college students drinking beer and playing pool. When we crossed to the far side of the street where the college was opposite them, Shen carefully stopped in front of each house and surveyed it closely. I hoped we found the house soon as I hunched my body against the increasing intensity of the breeze that was slowly transforming into a steady wind.
Dawn broke with still no luck in locating the house we sought. I spotted a neon ‘Open’ sign come alive in a small diner down the block and pointed it out to Shen. We urged our cold and weary bodies toward its cozy comfort and a cup of steaming hot coffee.
The smell of fresh coffee permeated the diner as I sank into the booth closest to the door. I couldn’t remember the last time I felt that tired.
“What now?” I asked.
Shen turned over the coffee cups that were set upside down on their saucers before closing the night before as a signal for the waitress to fill them. She finished securing her apron around her waist, nodded, and walked toward us with coffee pot in hand.
“We sleep. Then look some more,” he said as he held his hand up for the waitress to stop pouring the rich aromatic liquid into his cup when it reached the half-way mark.
I allowed her to fill my cup to the brim and immediately put it to my lips.
“Ah, yes, heat and caffeine,” I said with a smile. Within a few gulps, my cup was empty and I was stretching my long, lean frame as best I could within the confines of the booth. “I could use a hot shower and clean sheets.”

****

It seemed to me as if I’d only been sleeping a few minutes when Shen shook me awake. I hopped into the shower and reveled in the steady flow of water that helped bring me back to life. Feeling human again, I joined my buddy in the cab he’d ordered and we headed it back to the neighborhood of Vassar College to continue our search. We needed to find Dao-Ming quickly. Time was against us and we both knew it.
The brilliant sun defied the crisp fall air as we walked down back Raymond Avenue near Jillion’s café. Our search the night before was disappointing. We hoped for better luck in the light of day.
We turned into a bookstore and Shen showed Dao-Ming’s picture to the clerk behind the counter. The clerk shook his head, indicating he’d never seen her before, but he wished us luck in our search. Our next stop was the vitamin shop next door.
When we reach a metaphysical store across from Vassar College, I smirked at the students hiding in the alcoves of the building while smoking pot. I followed Shen inside where a middle aged hippie with wild graying hair and tattoos covering her body was hanging small animal skins on a metal rack. She strung them on a rod through their eyeholes while she warily watched Shen approached her with the photo of Dao-Ming in his hand.
“Excuse me, ma’am, I am hoping that you have seen this young woman around,” Shen said as he extended the photo to her. His voice sounded tense and tired.
The woman moved to a stool behind the counter without looking at the photo. She picked up a basket of beads and began stringing them.
Shen looked at me impatiently before shoving the photo in front of her.
“Could you please take a look?” he asked with barely concealed frustration.
You could hear a pin drop while the woman looked at Dao-Ming’s photo. Shen thought he noticed a spark of recognition in her beady eyes. I don’t think he realized he was holding his breath until it came gushing out as disappointment set in when her attention was drawn away from the photo by the ringing of the telephone. She turned her back to us as she answered.
“Goddess of the Universe,” she said in a deep, raspy voice that hinted of smoker’s cough. “No, this is Rowena. Can I help you?” The woman listened intently. “No... no... nope.”
She ignored the photo as she abruptly hung up the phone and went back to her beading.
Shen picked up the photo and held it within inches of her eyes. Her annoyance was obvious as she snatched it from his hand and briefly studied it before aggressively tossing it back at him.
“She’s a pretty girl with striking eyes,” she purred while focusing on her beads. “She speaks good English, too. I was surprised.”
“Do you know where I can find her?” Shen asked. The blood rising up his neck was the only sign of the frustration he felt at her silence. “We know about the house.”
She cocked her head in casual amusement.
“Oh yeah? Do tell... do tell... and?” she practically cackled.
“They took her, correct? That is correct, is it not?” he said. His voice rose with frustrated emotion. “I know they took her.”
I placed my hand on his shoulder and squeezed it lightly.
“It’s okay, man,” I said softly, but firmly. “Come on, let’s go. She’s not going to help us. Forget it.”
Rowena looked defiantly at Shen as she spat, “If you know so much, then you know she’s not here anymore. You know so much, right?”
I moved between my emotionally overheated friend and the overly tattooed hippie and placed my face barely an inch away from hers. Her foul breath and body odor assaulted every sense I had.
“Don’t push your luck, freak,” I snapped.
“Leave, you sons-of-bitches, before I call the cops. Get out!” she shouted.
The woman’s bold and steady voice made her seem fearless. Only her eyes showed her vulnerability.
Shen held the door opened while looking back at Rowena and me. He was anxious to get away from her before he totally lost control. It took a lot to unleash his fury, but once it was unleashed there was no telling what he’ d do or how long it would take to collect his wits again.
“Come on,” he said in a voice that sounded far calmer than I knew he felt.
Rowena stood firmly in place as I backed slowly out the door. My eyes locked with hers until I reached the sidewalk and turned away.
Her cackling laugh pierced the air as she called out, “Good-bye boys!”
We walked determinedly down the sidewalk and into a coffee house while we both focused on calming down. Shen sat heavily onto the seat of one of the booths while I continued to the counter to put in an order.
I was still annoyed with our recent encounter, so my question about what he wanted me to order for him sounded rougher than I intended as I tossed it over my shoulder.
“It does not matter,” he said with his head hung low in tired disappointment.
I ordered us each a coffee with blueberry muffin and paid the cashier. I looked around for a tray but found nothing so I gathered the order with my hands. I was thankful that the paper coffee cups had lids that allowed me to balance the paper plates that were precariously holding the muffins on top of them.
I stopped briefly on my way back to the table to observe a small group of men outside the coffee house before continuing to the booth.
“I wanted to hit that drugged up freak,” I said as I carefully set the cups on the table and slid Shen’s coffee and muffin to him.
“Ha, more than that,” he said. “I know she knows where Dao-Ming is. Damn, this is... how do you say, ku nao.”
“Ku nao,” I repeated and I tried to remember its meaning. Then my puzzled look turned to proud delight and my eyes lit up with recognition. “You mean annoying!”
“Yes, this annoys me,” he said. “I know she can help us more.”
I slid into the booth opposite him and dove into my muffin. “I didn’t believe you about the human trafficking, but now it’s like some crazy movie,” I said between bites of muffin and sips of coffee. “This shit happens in the movies, man. Hell!”
“You better hope it is not like a movie. Because if it is, the next thing to happen would be for us to be mugged by those guys,” he said as he nodded his head toward the group outside.
“You noticed them too,” I mused. “Okay, I’m done being a movie star. Let’s grab a cab and get out of here.”
Shen got up and tossed his coffee cup in the trash. His voice hinted amusement as he turned to me and said, “So, you are a movie star now?”
“Was there ever any doubt?” I chuckled.
Things had become miserably gloomy so it pleased us both to have even this small amount of levity. Shen patted my back as we both enjoyed a small moment of light humor and walked outside. I hailed a cab and we got in it and drove away.
Neither of us noticed one of the men from the group hurry into a car and followed us.



SIX
 Shen strolled out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist and another draped over his freshly washed hair. His body had relaxed enough to allow him to eat a little before he’ d hopped into the shower and, although still very worried about Dao-Ming, his good humor had returned and he was starting to behave a little more like himself. I watched him scrub the moisture from his wet head as he stood next to the television trying to decipher what I was stretched out on the bed watching. Just as he asked the name of the show, my cell phone rang.
I winced when Jessica’s telephone number came up on the caller ID. She was extremely argumentative when I told her I was going on this rescue mission with Shen. Our parting was strained; especially since I didn’t feel I could tell her the entire story, such as the fact that Shen thought the captors could be vampires. She’ d have called us both crazy and demanded that I stay home.
Jessica was an aspiring artist who’ d finally managed to land an opportunity to show her work. Since I was her live-in boyfriend, she wanted me at her side during the show. When I couldn’t tell her how long I’d be gone, she flew into a childish tantrum and declared repeatedly that she’ d never forgive me if I missed her show.
I was too tired to deal with her right now but knew better than to let the call go into voice mail. Stealing myself for what was to come, I pushed the talk button and held the phone to my ear.
The conversation was better than I’d expected. It was primarily her telling me how much she missed me and me saying the same. She reminded me about her show and I asked her to get the jacket I wanted to wear to the show from the cleaners and assured her I’d be home as soon as I could. She told me she loved me. Since I was uncomfortable with lies and wasn’t sure how I truly felt about her, I responded with my usual ‘ditto’ and then said good-bye.
I cursed under my breath as I put the phone back into my pocket. I’d forgotten about her show. Things weren’t progressing as I’d originally assumed they would and I questioned if I’d be back in time to attend the show with her. She’d made it clear how important this show was to her. All the top art dealers in the country would be there. She was nervous and, understandably, wanted me by her side. She needed me… but, so did Shen…and, right now, Shen’s need trumped Jessica’s need. Unfortunately, I couldn’t explain that to her.
How could I? Who would believe that my friend needed me to help rescue his bride to be from a gang of human trafficking vampires? It sounded ludicrous.
I still wasn’t sure if I believed we were hunting vampires, but I was certain that if they weren’t vampires, they were members of some sort of demonic occult. That hippie woman and her shop were creepy enough to be connected to the undead. I only knew that if I wanted to keep everyone happy we needed to find and rescue Dao-Ming soon.
Shen studied my worried frown.
“Is everything okay?” he asked.
“Her art show,” I said as I shook my head. “She’s afraid I’ll miss it. Hell,” I chuckled, “I’m afraid to miss it. Women can be lethal!
“Are you two ever going to make it legal?” he asked.
“I said lethal, not legal,” I said, “and why fix what isn’t broken?”
“She has asked?” he said with surprise.
I shrugged and stretched my legs.
“All the time,” I replied. “I’m a man who needs
his freedom, so she accepts it as it is. Anyway, I pretty much stick to home. My wandering days are all but a distant memory.”
Shen laughed as he pulled on a pair of black linen pants.
“Well, almost over. I’ve cut back,” I said with a mock shrug. “Can I help it if women love me?”
Our light bantering was interrupted by a faint tapping on the door. Shen gave me a curious look before padding over to open it. He’ d barely eased the door a few inches when three men pushed their way in and circled him. I leapt off the bed and got into position, drawing the attention of one of them away from Shen.
Shen’s barely subdued frustration surfaced and he seized the opportunity to expel some of his excess energy. His opponent hardly moved his body to assault before my friend and fighting master took action. I followed suit and the battle began. Our powerful and agile moves were equally matched by our attackers, so the fight was long and hard. After what seemed like hours of fighting I finally found myself standing next to Shen as we stared at the three unconscious men and looked with disbelief and remorse at the remnants of our hotel room.
We’d made a considerable commotion. It was only a matter of time before the manager and the authorities would arrive. Shen tapped my arm and raised his finger to his lips while he motioned his head toward the door. He quickly donned a shirt and shoes before peeking out into the hall. Determining it was clear, he quickly led the way into the elevator.
I dabbed at the blood oozing from the corner of my mouth with my fingertip as the elevator took us to the lobby. We walked cautiously off the elevator while scoping all crannies of the lobby for more assailants until we reached the sidewalk.
The crisp night air assaulted Shen’s damp head
and he shuddered. We’d left in such a hurry that we forgot our jackets. I questioned whether I should attempt to go back and retrieve them or just head to the nearest mall for a new one. The latter sounded like the better solution.
I was just about to hail a cab when a man stepped out of the shadows behind us and whispered in a harsh tone just loud enough for us to hear, “Don’t turn around.” We stood motionless as his husky voice continued. “Wadim’s man took his herd to Vegas for distribution. She’s in Vegas.”
“Herd?” I said as I twisted my head in the man’s direction.
“I said don’t turn around!” the stranger’s voice said aggressively.
Shen spoke softly, “Who is Wadim? Where in Vegas? Do you mean Las Vegas?”
There was a long moment of silence while we waited for a response. Shen finally ventured to turn around, but the man was gone.
He scowled.
“We should go back to Queens. I need to speak with my uncle and then catch the red eye for Las Vegas. I am sure that is what he meant,” he said thoughtfully. “Your lady has her show and I do not expect you to miss it because of me.”
I silently watched as Shen hailed a cab. I was torn. The thought of disappointing Jessica by missing her art show ripped through me, but I knew my buddy needed me now more than ever. I damned this Wadim person with every fiber of my being and vowed to personally kick my ass when we finally caught up with him.
“Well, at least on the red eye we can catch a little more sleep,” I said.
Shen let out a sigh of relief as the cab pulled up. Smiling a broad smile of gratitude, he held the door and, with a sweeping arm, bowed and motioned me into the back seat.


SEVEN

The red eye passenger count was light so our flight to Las Vegas was fairly comfortable. I took advantage of the extra space and stretched my long legs into the seat next to me. Taking advantage of some downtime in a safe environment, I slept through most of the five hours that we were in flight.
Shen sat in the row behind me and took light catnaps throughout the journey. He was too focused on finding Dao-Ming to relax enough to reach the level of deep sleep I’d settled into. Even so, the ability to relax his body and not have to look over his shoulder was a welcomed thing. His thoughts wandered back to his childhood when he and Dao-Ming would talk about their life plans and how they’d intertwine them together. He jerked back to the present when the lights of Las Vegas twinkled in the distance, sitting up straight as I watched them grow larger and larger. When the pilot asked that everyone fasten our seat belts he gently shook my shoulder and urged me awake.
The sun peeked over the horizon as we grabbed our carry-on luggage and left the plane. Unlike the plane, the terminal was crowded and tension permeated the air. It seemed as if every plane flying to Las Vegas that night decided to land at the same time. The crowds were irritable about the confusion and inconveniences. We were grateful we only brought carry-on luggage and were spared the ordeal of the baggage carousel.
Shen’s uncle had a friend who frequented Las Vegas. He’d asked him to call ahead to the limousine company that he always used to make sure we had a car waiting for us. This was something we were duly grateful for as we elbowed our way through the crowd toward the row of drivers holding signs with their designated passenger’s names on them.
Shen stopped in front of one holding a sign for “Mr. Wu.”
“I am Wu,” he informed him.
The driver smirked as he looked Shen up and down.
“Welcome to Las Vegas,” he said with an air of arrogance. “This is just a formality, but I’ll need to see your proof of identification.
My friend scowled. He didn’t mind having to show identification, but he did mind the arrogant tone of the driver’s voice. He reached for his wallet and produced his license. The driver studied it briefly before almost tossing it back into Shen’s outstretched hand.
“Do you have any luggage?” he asked impatiently.
We shook our heads to indicate a “no” and held up our carry-on luggage.
With an air of contempt, the driver took a deep breath and looked as if he was silently counting to three before he said, “If you’ll wait right outside those doors, I’ll bring the car around to you.”
Without a moment’s hesitation he strutted through the crowd and disappeared.
“He’s an arrogant son-of-a-bitch,” I grumbled.

****

The strip was blanketed with tourists, which only served to add to the stifling sensation generated by the intense sun. I stripped off my jacket and wiped away tiny beads of sweat from my forehead with the back of my hand.
“Welcome to the desert,” I said with disgust. “There sure are a hell of a lot of faces here. Do you have any ideas?”
“My uncle told me of a man who they feel is in the front of all of this,” Shen said. “He is called Stevenson and should be able to make the connection to the leader for us. I am told he will be at the Rock Ring tonight at the UFC match. We can catch up with him then.” Shen looked at his watch, “We have time, what would you like to do?”
“I’d like to get out of this heat,” I said as I mopped at my brow with the sleeve of my jacket.
He smiled and nodded in agreement while suggesting we find a place to get a cool drink.
Two young, scantily clad women walked by. I craned my head while my eyes followed the exaggerated swing of their hips. I guess old habits die hard.
By the way they were dressed and their body language, Shen was certain of their profession.
He looked at them thoughtfully and said. “Maybe we should ask those two to join us. They may be able to tell us something.”
A broad smile slowly spread across my face. “Now you’re talking,” I said with a chuckle.
I saw no harm in having a drink with a couple of pretty girls to pass the time away. We were in Vegas, after all.
He laughed and patted me on my shoulder. He was grateful for my company and support, even though he knew that I didn’t believe we were chasing vampires. That was understandable. If Shen hadn’t been exposed to the concept and stories since birth, he’ d never have believed it either.
His thoughts went to the tale of a vampire family that resided in China centuries ago. Legend had it that Dracula fled Transylvania during his “lost years” and hid in the hills bordering Tibet. He fell in love with a local farmer’s daughter and took her as his mistress. She bore him an illegitimate son. When Dracula returned to Transylvania, he left his mistress and her son behind.
Shen came from a long line of aristocratic people who fought off that bastard vampire to protect their people until, one day centuries later, Dracula’s illegitimate son just disappeared with only speculation about where he went. Except for an occasional skirmish with a stray vampire, the villagers found peace and were able to focus on the nature of living.
Now he was in Las Vegas, Nevada, picking up where his ancestors left off with my help; looking for vampires. He wasn’t trained like his ancestors were, but his uncle assured him that the memories were in his DNA and they would surface when needed. Shen was counting on it. He wondered if this was the same vampire clan that his ancestors fought so many years ago. He also questioned how many vampires existed in the world.
He’d thought about telling this tale to me when we first embarked on our search and then decided against it. I’ d already scoffed at the idea of vampires and made it clear that I was only coming along because he needed me to help find Dao-Ming. I could accept the concept of searching for a ring of human traffickers, but that’s as far as it went. He understood and was just grateful I was willing to come along.
Even though I had a significant understanding and respect of Shen’s people and his culture, I was still American born and raised and we didn’t honor old traditions like the Chinese did. After all, America was founded by people who wanted to break away from traditions. He worried I might laugh at such a tale even harder than I did when he mentioned the possibility of vampires being at the head of the abduction operation; or I’d think he’d gone crazy and decide to abandon him at a time when he needed me most. He therefore decided that unless it was necessary, the less mentioning of vampires, the better.



EIGHT

The air was thick with excitement. We managed to secure seats that provided not only a great view of the UFC match, but a clear, panoramic view of the crowd.
The star of the evening passed close by me on his way to the ring. I was thrilled when his eyes met mine and he gave me a curt smile and a nod.
I reveled in the excitement of the roaring crowd when the fighter entered ringside. I was a huge fan of the UFC and although I held our true mission firmly in my mind I saw no harm in enjoying the match while we were there.
Guilt swept over me as I stole a glance at Shen’s tortured face searching the crowd. I would have joined in the search, but he’d provided only a vague description of what Stevenson looked like. So, I settled on enjoying the match while staying alert in case he suddenly needed me.
Shen couldn’t take his mind off Dao-Ming long enough to appreciate the match. He was only vaguely aware of the roars from the fans as he searched the crowd for Stevenson. He remembered his uncle’s description of the man he sought.
He is a tall man with skin as black as the night. He carries a scar on his right cheek and a droopy right eye. We believe he is closely tied in with the vampire ring. He is a very powerful man and can tell you what you need to know.
He will be able to connect you with the leader of the trafficking business but move cautiously nephew. This Stevenson is a snake and is not to be trusted. I am sad to say that he is the only connection we have been able to uncover. So go, my nephew, and use caution. There are many hidden things about these men. I hope you discover none of them. Get in and out as quickly as possible.
Two Caucasian women dressed in clothing that shouted their profession approached. As we’d done earlier in the day with the two young women we’d met on the street, I invited them to sit with us in the hopes they may be useful in finding Dao-Ming. It was a common tale that the underground trafficking rings of the country controlled this type of woman. Perhaps the ring we sought operated these girls. Mia, the taller and more voluptuous of the two, planted herself next to me with aggressive confidence. Shen sensed my motive and did his best to play along as the smaller of the two females nudged as close to him as she could without sitting in his lap.
A young Chinese girl standing amongst a small cluster of men across the crowded arena caught my attention. She wore a sad look on her face as one of the men slipped a hand beneath her blouse and another fondled her from behind. I wondered if I was the only one in the crowd who noticed, or even cared. As I watched her intently, a man stepped away from the group, allowing me a view of the man who stood behind him. I nudged Shen and nodded my head in the man’s direction. I wasn’t sure, but I got the sense he might be the man we sought. Shen’s body tenses as he recognized him immediately. It was Stevenson. He fit his uncle’s description perfectly.
Shen was only mildly aware of the flirtatious woman at his side or the fighter’s victory, as he kept his focus on Stevenson. This man was his only link to Dao-Ming and he didn’t want to lose it. The match ended and the crowd pushed its way onto the street. We stepped into the flow of moving bodies along with the two girls and were swept effortlessly outside.
We had trouble keeping track of Stevenson as the crowd from the match blended with the sea of tourists. When he disappeared around a corner Shen tried his best to push his way ahead through the blanket of chaos. The results of his efforts were minimal. He heaved a disappointed sigh.
“We lost him,” he said.
“Which way was he heading when he disappeared?” I asked.
Shen crooked his head toward the direction Stevenson disappeared.
Since my height allowed me to look above most of the heads in the crowd, I did my best to look for signs of Stevenson in the direction he indicated while my body shuddered in sheer delight as the heat of Mia’s breath grazed my ear.
“Do you have a room where we could go?” she asked seductively.
Thoughts of my promise to myself to conquer the way my bodily urges controlled me fleeted through my mind. I knew I should resist; not just for Shen’s sake, but because of Jessica. Prior to meeting Jess, I took advantage of most offers that came my way with minimal thought of the consequences. It was two years since I’d made the effort to commit to a monogamous relationship and I’d managed to be faithful while pouring my wandering energy into my training. Lately, her incessant urging for marriage caused a strain between us. I cared for her in my own way, but did I love her in a way that one should love another to bond with us for a lifetime? I didn’t feel ready for marriage. It was so final. Everyone I knew who was madly in love prior to marriage was now fighting profusely and heading for divorce court. This was another reason I hesitated. Why ruin a good thing? It was a good thing, wasn’t it?
My resistance started to break down as Mia’s body rubbed against my engorged manhood. This was too much for any man to resist. I shot a look in Shen’s direction, but he seemed not to notice. All his attention was focused on the spot where Stevenson had faded into the crowd. I finally suggested we all stop for a drink. Perhaps that would give my fickle body time to cool down and focus on something other than the soft, sweet, flesh that so brazenly offered itself to me.
As luck would have it, we spotted Stevenson standing alone by a slot machine in the casino we’d chosen to stop in. Sensing the tension rising in him, I looked to Shen for direction.
He was clearly suspicious of Mia.
“I hope you will forgive me, my friend, but I just remembered I have something to do for my uncle and it is getting late,” he said. “I will meet you back at our room. I should not be more than a few hours. Okay?”
Mia and her companion looked at me expectantly. She seemed a little too interested in what we were doing. I knew what he was asking of me and only hoped I could ignore my conscience and play along. It was obvious what I was expected to do. I groaned in frustration at my own weakness and all too easy willingness to oblige.
“No problem” I said. “We’ll find something to do to occupy our time.”
The girls giggled and nuzzled closer to me while we watched Shen agley dart through the crowded mass of people in the direction of Stevenson. I put an arm around each girl and headed off toward our hotel while forcing Jessica’s image out of my mind. I couldn’t think of her now. Something was up. I could feel it in my bones. I needed to do what I could to help find Dao-Ming. If that meant entertaining these all too eager females, then so be it. Perhaps something useful would slip from their luscious lips to help us in our quest.

 NINE
Stevenson was immediately aware of us when we entered the casino. He locked eyes with Mia from across the room as he hinted at a nod of recognition. She was one of his best workers and, although she’ d been given instructions to collect no cash from us, he hoped she’d return with information that would prove useful to him.
As Shen pushed his way through the crowd, Stevenson stepped away from his companions to make sure there was a clear path for him to approach.
“Mr. Stevenson?” he said.
Stevenson stood about four inches taller than Shen. They sized each other up while he accepted Shen’s offer of a handshake.
“How can I help you?” Stevenson asked.
He drawled the words lazily with a dulled Jamaican accent. He was fully aware of Shen’s reason for approaching him but decided not to let on that he did. He enjoyed the game of deception and his eyes showed it.
“You work for Wadim, correct?” Shen asked.
“I work for me,” Stevenson said with a scowl. “What do you want with Wadim?”
“A girl,” Shen said as he tried his best not to let his voice give way to his emotions.
“Your friend looked like he had his hands full. Won’t he share?” Stevenson asked with a chuckle as he nodded his head in my direction.
My friend slowly drew in a deep breath and his jaw flexed with tension. It was clear Stevenson took pleasure out of his obvious struggle to maintain a calm demeanor.
“I want a specific Chinese girl. Her name is Dao-Ming,” he replied.
Shen was surprised at how difficult it was for him to maintain his composure in the presence of this man. He was trained since childhood to keep cool when facing the adversary. That extensive training was certainly being tested. There was something about this enormous black man that made his skin crawl and his stomach turn. His first instinct was to strike at him but, he knew that would be foolish.
Stevenson knew very well who Shen was looking for. In fact, he was expecting and watching for us. Even so, his desire to taunt was too strong to resist.
“So, you only have taste for your own breed, eh?” he taunted.
The fact that Stevenson’s arrogance grated at Shen was written all over his expression. He cursed himself for not being able to hide it better. Normally he hid his feelings well. What was it about this man that broke down his defenses in this way? Giving Stevenson this type of satisfaction was galling. He wanted to land him where he stood, but he needed to find out where Dao-Ming was taken and Stevenson was his only link.
“Do you like to play with people?” he grumbled in a voice that was low but threatening as he inched toward Stevenson. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could maintain his composure. The urge to strike this man was almost overwhelming.
Stevenson threw his hands in the air and laughed.
“Hey, hey, take it easy or you’ll get nothing from me, got it?” he said.
Shen backed slowly away, while keeping his eyes locked with Stevenson’s.
“Dao-Ming, Dao-Ming ...hmm, the name sounds familiar,” Stevenson said in a manner that contradicted his words and gave the impression Dao-Ming’s name was quite well known. Shen stood silent while Stevenson studied him intently. When it seemed as if Shen was going to burst from the strain of refraining from grabbing him by his arrogant neck and wringing the life out of him, he said, “I can’t help you.”
He was lying and Shen knew it. Panic seized him as he watched Stevenson’s imposing figure turn his back to him and stroll down the aisle of slot machines toward the open wall.
Under different circumstances Shen would have found the bustle and glitter of the street activity mesmerizing, but tonight it only served to irritate him more. He scurried to catch up and fall into step next to Stevenson.
“You work for yourself, correct?” Shen huffed. “Is their money better than mine?”
Stevenson followed Shen’s eyes in the direction of two young women huddled next to a limousine. They looked small and fragile as the driver opened the back door and a tall, slender, well dressed black man slid out and stood next to them. Our apparent innocence faded as the younger looking of the two brazenly brushed her body against the man as he bent down so that she could whisper in his ear. He threw his head back and laughed boldly while guiding them into the back seat of the limousine. The man discretely slipped an envelope to the limousine driver as he pulled his legs into the car and the driver closed the door.
A tall, well-built middle-aged black man -who Shen recognized as one of Stevenson’s companions from the event- walked past the limousine driver and took the envelope from him. He tucked it into the inside pocket of his suit coat. It was all done so quickly and discretely that you had to be watching very closely to catch what happened. Shen continued to watch intently as the man weaved his way through the crowd toward them.
Stevenson was suddenly eager to be rid of him. It was time to stop with the games.
“What’s her name, Din-Yin?” he asked.
Shen emitted a frustrated sound that resembled a growl. Stevenson knew all too well her name but just could not resist the opportunity to taunt one more time.
Shen’s voice was low, but clear as he said, “Dao-Ming.”
“Why so specific?” Stevenson asked. “I have plenty to choose from.”
He watched his man move closer through the crowd. He’d have to cease with the taunting jabs soon.
“I want only Dao-Ming,” Shen replied.
Time stood still. Stevenson was our only link to finding Dao-Ming and he had no back up plan. The scoundrel had to pull through with the information.
The lack of patience in Shen’s voice was enough to satisfy Stevenson. Besides, his payment for the two girls was almost up the aisle and he wanted to put his greedy hands on it. It was time to stop playing and get rid of this insect. He crooked an eyebrow as he studied Shen for a moment.
Chuckling, he lit a cigarette and drew on it deeply before responding with, “I can lead you to her, but it’ll cost you.” He looked Shen up and down before continuing, “It may be a higher price than you’ll want to pay.”
Shen released the breath he was holding as a wave of relief swept through him.
“I’m not worried,” he said. “I will pay what you wish.”
“Will you now? Will you really?” Stevenson said.
He was only paying half attention to their conversation and grew noticeably edgy when the man with his money spotted Shen and turned to make his way back out to the street.
Stevenson gave strict orders that discretion was necessary at all times and knew that this was the reason his man didn’t approach, but he also trusted no one and wanted to catch up and get his money before his money disappeared at one of the gaming tables. Shen had officially become a pest. He snuffed his cigarette out in a nearby ashtray and muttered, “I’ll let you know” before scurrying after his man and his money.
Shen started to follow and then thought better of it. Not wanting to lose his connection with Stevenson he shouted, “I’m staying...”
“I know where you’re staying,” Stevenson tossed over his shoulder as he merged with the street crowd.
Shen stood as if dazed while he watched Stevenson’s head blend in with the crowd until it was indiscernible. The irritating man knew who he was all along. That had to be it. Otherwise, why would he say he knew where Shen was staying?
He forged his way through the crowd. He was determined to return to his room and confer with me as soon as possible. He scanned the casino while he walked out to the street and tried to spot any of Stevenson’s men following him, but everyone seemed too submerged in our gambling to notice his existence. Satisfied, he hurried back to our hotel room. As he passed the ship in front of Treasure Island, the reddish pair of reddish glowing eyes peering at him from amongst the crowd being entertained by the pirate show went unnoticed.

TEN
 The thick crowd cooed with wonder and awe at the light show on Fremont Street. Brilliant colors flashed overhead and the music seemed to vibrate the sidewalk as we struggled to inch through the never-ending blanket of live bodies toward the novelty shop Stevenson’s note directed us to.
“It is a novelty shop on the next block,” Shen called over his shoulder while pushing through the unyielding crowd. He took a quick glance over his shoulder to make sure he didn’t lose me.
“I’m right behind ya,” I called back.
I groaned when a woman turned swiftly to address her companion and the enormous tote bag she carried slammed into my ribs. I wondered how she could bear the weight of it. Its impact gave the impression it was filled with lumps of iron.
Although it was evening, the desert air was still too warm for my northeastern standards. Beads of sweat coated my forehead and neck as I persistently nudged my way to keep up with Shen. To the untrained eye, Shen appeared cool and collected, but I knew it was far from the truth. It took years before I was able to understand his training of taking control of his emotions and house them deep at the core of his being. Over time, I learned to look past it and at the real Shen. I only saw him come close to losing control once and that was during our recent visit to Poughkeepsie, New York. It was an art I wanted to learn and something I wished I already possessed a command of. I grunted at Shen’s dry skin as I stopped to mop the sweat from the back of his neck with a handkerchief I’d tucked into my back pocket and then pointed to the open storefront of a novelty shop.
“I think this is it,” I said.
Shen pulled out Stevenson’s note and conferred with it again before searching inside the open wall of the store with his eyes.
“Yes, this is it. Come on,” he replied.
Although the front wall of the store was removed to allow an easy view of our merchandise and an easy access from the street for shoppers, the air inside hung thick and hazy due to the non-stop burning of incense. As a result, the shop had an eerie feeling.
A burst of air from the cooling vents sent a chill down the length of my back and into my legs. I shuddered while we approached the clerk behind the counter that was against the wall, midway into the store. Its position afforded the clerk an easy view of the entire space, should he choose to look.
I stared in disbelief at the tattoos of vampires that looked to be covering most of the clerk’s arms and neck and wondered if he had them on the rest of his body as well. He looked annoyed at our interrupting his reading when Shen handed Stevenson’s note to him. He grudgingly pointed to a door in the back corner without saying a word before burying his face back into the pages of what looked to be a horror novel.
Shen and I walked cautiously toward the back of the store. The merchandise was just as gruesome as the clerk’s tattoos. Statues of miniature vampires in various poses mingled with statues of werewolf’s and other sci-fi monsters as they lined the shelves, while tee shirts sporting dragons and gargoyles hung next to them. I stopped and picked up one of the smaller statues of a vampire bending in a posture that indicated he was biting his victim. Its fine detail gave the statue a realistic look. I felt as if the vampire’s beady red eyes were looking straight into my own sapphire blue ones. A sickening shudder overtook me as I looked at the sturdy white fangs that dominated the statue’s snarling, realistic face. I slammed it back onto the shelf before rushing to catch up with Shen.
Shen turned to look at the clerk as his hand rested on the doorknob in the back of the store. As if sensing his stare, the clerk pulled himself away from his book and looked at us intently with an expressionless face before gesturing for us to proceed with a nod of his head.
Shen turned the handle and slowly pushed the door open. As we walked through, I hesitated. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but something didn’t feel right. The hair on the back of my neck stood at attention. This only occurred when something terrible was about to happen. I could feel it in my gut as well. I pulled on his arm to get his attention. He’d told me very little about his talk with Stevenson, but I surmised we were heading straight into the devil’s den.
“Are you sure about this?” I whispered.
I searched his face. I was thankful I was able to look beyond his mask of assurance to find his true feelings. There was something in his eyes that I’d never seen before. Was it fear, determination, anger? I couldn’t tell. Perhaps it was a bit of each. The one thing I did recognize was the tightness in his jaw-line that told me he was ready for action. He nodded and moved forward. When the door shut behind us I took a deep breath. There was no turning back.
As I moved forward I felt as if I’d walked through an enormous cobweb. I moved my hands all over my face and entire head to remove it but found nothing there.
The smoke from the candles housed in ruby-red globes that dimly illuminated the eighteenth century décor, gave the room a surreal ambiance. I felt as if I was participating in a dream as we moved cautiously amongst small groups of sinister looking men. When I peered closer, I saw they were circled around one or two females, or a man and woman who were performing sexual acts either with each other or alone. I stopped, briefly. My eyes locked with those of a naked young woman as her partner climbed on top of her. The sadness she radiated was overwhelming. I was so struck that I found it difficult to continue when Shen motioned for me to keep up.
We walked slowly while we searched the death-like faces of the men and women. A spectator looked over at us with piercing red eyes and brilliant elongated teeth and I stepped up my pace.
We moved through several rooms that were decorated in eighteenth century furniture, with the same form of entertainment going on and then stopped before a large, gilded door. I jumped back as the door slowly opened on its own volition before either of us were able to touch the gilded lion’s head doorknob. I cast a quick glance at Shen’s steady stance and emotionless expression. Only the firmness of his jaw gave away the tension he was suppressing.
Men and woman dressed in a mixture of period attire were lying languidly around the smoky room with large bongs set amongst them. The tall, foreboding figure of a man of clear Chinese-Caucasian mix was dressed in finely tailored early Napoleonic-period three-piece suit as he sat in a gilded throne on the balcony overlooking the crowded room. His tailcoat and breeches were stitched from deep rich purple silk and velvet. A lavender waistcoat of the same material complemented them nicely. His power permeated the room.
We knew instantly this was the leader of the ring and surmised he must be the Wadim the mystery man in Poughkeepsie mentioned.
Shen recalled his uncle’s warning; You will have a difficult time believing what I am about to tell you. It is too horrible and difficult to tell... We know little of the leader, except that he is not a man. He is a creature from hell. Men have gone to find and destroy him and no one has come back. There are things about this group that you do not know and there is not time to tell you....
Shen was uncertain what to expect as he moved steadily up the staircase. He kept his body on the alert and eyes never left Wadim’s formidable presence.
I walked less steadily and far more slowly, as I nervously looked around the crowded room. I didn’t need the sickening feeling in my stomach and the raised hair on the back of my neck to tell me the danger was acute, but they certainly accentuated the fact. I reached the top of the stairway and stopped behind Shen.
My voice was barely above a whisper as I said, “This place is creepy and these people look evil. Did you see their red eyes and fang-like teeth? I’m starting to believe your story about vampires. They can’t all be vampires, can they? Do you think we’re standing in a room full of vampires? I hope not.”
Shen didn’t respond as he walked steadily toward Wadim while mulling in his mind the fact that he probably should have warned me that he was bringing me into a vampire’s den, but would I have believed him? I got to know Shen and his people and culture fairly well over the years, but I still looked upon much of their traditions and lore with humor. I’d scoffed at the concept of vampires existing several times during our journey, so it probably would have done no good to mention it anyway.
Shen recognized several faces in the room from that afternoon in the casino. From everything he was told in all the stories about vampires over the years, it was clear they could only go out at night. Therefore, he was sure they weren’t all vampires. Even so, they were definitely in partnership with them in some way or they wouldn’t be languidly lying around as they were. He decided to stay quiet and see what awaited.
I surveyed the room as I cautiously followed my friend. I found it odd that no one took any real notice of our entrance or the fact that we were climbing the stairs toward the man who appeared to be their leader. They spared us a less-than-curious glance, if that, before going about their business of smoking and listening to the soft music of Mozart that was being piped into the room.
We were about five feet in front of Wadim when guards in eighteenth century Tibetan armor popped out from seemingly nowhere and surrounded us. Startled, we moved immediately into defense position, keeping our backs close to each other while we slowly turned to size up our opponents.
Wadim looked at us curiously.
“What do we have here?” he asked with a hint of humor in his voice. “Ah, yes. You must be Wu. I have been expecting you. They tell me you are you looking for a Chinese woman.” He gave Shen a challenging look, “Maybe you would like us both?”
Shen should not have been surprised to discover Wadim knew of him and was waiting for him. His uncle warned him of this possibility. Even so, it unnerved him. As he hastened to regain his composure, he silently reminded himself to keep on the alert. The place reeked of evil and danger and he struggled to shake off a foreboding feeling that felt heavy enough to pin him flat to the floor.
“I am told Dao-Ming was taken by your men,” he said boldly.
He was pleased by his success in maintaining a steady voice that didn’t display his true emotions.
“Hmm... Who is she to you?” Wadim asked.
Of course Wadim already knew Dao-Ming was Shen’s childhood friend and fiancé; which was the only reason he’d kept her untouched. It was really Shen he wanted, not Dao-Ming.
Wadim wanted him for two reasons. First, his bloodline was of a rare, aristocratic purity. The combination of Shen’s father’s and mother’s bloodlines created something that would equate to the fabled fountain of youth for Wadim. As an extra boon, Dao-Ming also had a pedigree bloodline. It was Wadim’s desire to breed Shen with her to maintain that high quality that was needed to keep his project going. Secondly, Wadim hadn’t forgotten the years he endured under the assault of Shen’s family while they tried to destroy him. Once he was finished with Shen as a breeder, it would give him great pleasure to seek his revenge by destroying him. Yes, devouring Shen’s bloodline would be a double pleasure.
“We are to be married,” Shen said.
Although my friend spoke boldly, I could detect a slight tremble in his mannerism that anyone who didn’t know him probably wouldn’t be able to catch it.
Wadim’s laughter reverberated off the walls.
“You mean you were to be married,” he boomed.
Shen’s body coiled for action. Just as he was about to plunge forward, I grabbed him and pulled him back. I held him firmly while attempting to calm him down before the guards could take action.
“That was a wise move, Mr. Tugur,” Wadim said with a sultry coo as he looked me up and down.
I was discovering, firsthand, how the prey of a hunter must feel when it comes face to face with its plight. My knees went weak as I realized that not only was Wadim waiting for us, but he knew our names as well.
“You are surprised that I know who you are?” Wadim asked with a satisfied look on his face. “You fought well in Poughkeepsie. I can see why you are Wu’s star pupil and teaching assistant. Yes, Wu, I am aware that you teach in your uncle’s Dojo in Queens. You see, your reputation precedes you.”
It was obvious to me that this man was playing with us and that Stevenson had set us up to be trapped. The tension emanating from Shen flooded the balcony. I fervently hoped he’ d maintain good sense and stay calm. Even though I’d never seen Shen lose his composure, there was a first time for everything and this just might be the time. He was clearly dangerously close.
“Where is Dao-Ming?” he demanded.
He was growing tired of the suspense and would rather finish it off than endure this type of taunting. He was ready for whatever evil may be in store for us. It had to be better than this suspenseful taunting.
“Yes, Dao-Ming... Hmm,” Wadim said with twinkling red eyes.
The attempt to appear ignorant by this arrogant buffoon was the final straw for Shen. Throwing caution to the wind he fought at my hold. I struggled to maintain my grip as the guards moved forward. Two guards grabbed my arms while another brought the flat of his sword down on Shen’s head with a superhuman power. I winced at the sound of the impact as my friend fell like a rag doll to the floor. Wadim leaped into the light, allowing me the full impact of his evil face. His fiery red eyes told of his Asian ancestry. They were accentuated by the jet black straight hair that flowed down to the middle of his back and pale, almost translucent skin that was mottled by protruding veins. He held up his bony hands that sported talon-like manicured nails and signaled for the guards to stop.
“That’s enough! I don’t want them hurt!” he commanded.
Wadim’s roar commanded immediate obedience. The guards parted as he walked up to Shen and me. Still gripping my arms, the guards pulled me around to face their master, while two more lifted my unconscious friend to his feet in the same manner. Wadim smiled at the blood oozing from Shen’s wound. He bent close to sniff it first and then tasted it.
I could smell the foulness of Wadim’s breath as he brushed passed me to hover over Shen.
Dear God, this is a nightmare. Let me wake up soon! I thought with despair.
“I treasure the blood of the Wu clan. It tastes rich and sweet,” Wadim purred. The sharp ends of his claw-like nails dug into my chin as he cupped it in his pale, bony hand while turning my head back and forth with a look of disgust on his face. “There is something familiar about you, but I just cannot place it right now.” He slapped my face hard enough to leave a deep red and soon-to-be-purple welt in my cheek. My first instinct was for defense. My eyes filled with rage as I struggled against the guards’ grip, causing Wadim to cock an eyebrow in mild amusement. “He has spunk. Take him below. He could prove entertaining.”
The guards dragged me off the balcony and to a dark, and what appeared to be never-ending, stairwell. I wailed in surprise when a foot met the small of my back and sent me tumbling down the steep stairs to what felt like the center of the earth. When I finally slammed into the damp and dank dirt floor at its bottom, a pair of hairy hands were waiting to pick me up and toss me into a large cage.
Between the jumbling, tossing, and darkness, I’d completely lost my sense of location. It wasn’t until the sound of metal to metal rang through the dust ridden black from my being tossed into the cage and a key turned in the lock that I managed to regain a sense of direction. I listened with anguish to the cries and moans from fellow prisoners as they echoed off the walls while I struggled to adjust my eyes to my surroundings. Little by little, I was able to make out the shapes of the poor, pathetic wretches who were either locked in cages or chained along the walls of an enormous medieval styled dungeon.
Fear permeated every fiber of my being as to what fate awaited me. I moved to the furthest corner of the cell and crouched low. I’m not ashamed to admit that unabashed tears flooded my cheeks as I prayed for salvation from this nightmare and the strength to endure it. I think anyone in my situation would have behaved the same, if not worse.



ELEVEN
 Shen stretched out on the overstuffed eighteenth century styled bed and slowly took in his surroundings. His brain was still foggy and his head felt like someone was running a jackhammer inside of it. He raised his hand to his temple and discovered a blood crusted bandage wrapped around his head.
Little by little his senses came into focus and he slowly surveyed the room. His eyes rested on the petite young Asian girl perched meekly on the chaise lounge across the room. She looked familiar, but he couldn’t focus enough to recall who she was. Her dark eyes were large with sadness.
He wanted to reach out to her and comfort her but was too weak.
“I should know you,” he said in his native tongue. “I am sorry. I cannot think right now.”
“I am Dao-Ming,” she said softly in heavily accented English. “You must only speak English, please.” Shen sat up with a start and the room swirled around him. Dao-Ming reached the bed just as he fell back onto its softness. She perched herself at his side and whispered with a sense of urgency. “It is Wadim’s command that we speak English in his house. We must not speak our language. We must speak English.”
“Who is Wadim?” he asked. “Where am I? I do not remember.” He let out a long and mournful groan. “My head is splitting and I cannot think clearly.”
Dao-Ming ignored his questions. She wasn’t ready to discuss their plight. It was some time since they’d seen other and she took a moment to admire him. She found him incredibly virile and handsome. Even in his drug induced state he radiated vitality and strength. She remembered that strength even as children. He was charismatic then, but even more so now. He was a strong, handsome, kind, and loving man and he’d risked his life to rescue her.
A heart wrenching sadness consumed her. Had Shen realized what he’d be up against when he set out to find her? Did he know he’d be fighting vampires to save her? They were prisoners of a vile and evil creature who wasn’t human and no longer simply a vampire. He’d mutated himself and those of his den. He’d turned them into cannibals in order to be able to walk freely in the daylight. Their fate was in the hands of a monster of the most abominable nature.
Tears streamed down Dao-Ming’s cheeks. She and this beautiful man would never celebrate that much anticipated wedding she’d dreamed of since she accepted his proposal. She wiped at her tears with the back of her hand and focused on his bloodied bandage.
“Let me help you with your wound,” she said softly. Shen winced as Dao-Ming gently lifted the bandage from his head and peeked at the dark, rich blood that still oozed out of a gash from the sword’s blow. “The cut is deep.”
She went to the corner of the room to the eighteenth century washstand that held a bowl and pitcher filled with fresh water. Wadim’s men had anticipated their needs and left an ample supply of bandages and antiseptic on a Queen Anne accent chair positioned next to the washstand. Dao-Ming grabbed some of the fresh bandages and antiseptic and poured water from a large, ornate ceramic pitcher into a matching ceramic bowl. Cradling the bowl, she returned to Shen’s side.
She removed the old bandage as gently as she could. Although the wound was still oozing blood, there were a few less serious scrapes that had fused dried blood with the bandage. Their reopening was unavoidable as she slowly peeled the bandage away. Shen winced and raised his hand to touch the wounds. He brought his hand down to observe the sticky blood on his fingertips.
Dao-Ming caught herself looking longingly at the bloodied water in the basin as she rinsed the cloth she used to clean his wound. He grabbed her hand and looked into her eyes. Between the wound on his head and the drugs in his body, she wondered if he was aware of his actions.
“Are you okay?” he asked in their native tongue.
Pain shot though his head as spoke. He visibly winced.
“English!” Dao-Ming said in a panicked whisper.
“I do not understand,” he said in English. He struggled against the pounding in his head to remember the translation of his words into English. “Where are we? What is this place?”
“We are captives of the evil vampire, Wadim. Do you remember now?” she asked softly.
“No, I do not understand. My head hurts and I cannot think,” he said with a soft moan. “Who is Wadim?”
Dao-Ming dropped the cloth into the basin of red tinted water and set it on the floor before proceeding to wrap a clean bandage around his head.
“Centuries ago, a vampire from Transylvania, named Dracula, entered China. His eyes fell onto a beautiful peasant girl named Ming-Chen and he took her for his own. A son was born. They named him Chen Wadim Dracula. That is our captor now. He is the bastard son of Dracula,” she explained. “He claims to be our host, but this is not true for we are not free to leave. He is our captor, a nemesis of the dead.” She wiped at a tear in her eye with the tip of her finger before it could escape down her cheek and she continued, “He denies and hates his Chinese heritage and insists on being called Wadim. He captures men and women to be sold into black market for prostitution and slavery. The men and women that he captures who do not speak English or do not suit him personally with their beauty and breeding are kept for his sons for breeding and pleasure, or sold, or even eaten. Wadim is very vain and allows only beauty around him.” Dao-Ming’s face filled with disgust and hatred. “What would that monster know about beauty?”
“Eaten? You are serious? Do you mean he drinks their blood?” he asked.
He was sure he’d misunderstood Dao-Ming.
“Some he drinks from and others he serves at his dinner table,” she said. “They eat raw or partially cooked flesh.”
Even in his drug induced stupor, Shen was horrified.
“Has he...,” he began.
“He has done nothing with me so far,” Dao-Ming assured him.
She hung her head. How could she tell her love that Wadim kept only women for pleasure and breeding and all the men who were unlucky enough to be captured by him were immediately sold into slavery, kept as servants, or used for a brief time for breeding if his sons or favored vampires wanted a reprieve from mating and then sent to the kitchens as food?
Shen let out an exasperated gasp and hung his head. As if on cue, the door opened and Wadim entered. If he noticed Dao-Ming when she rushed to the corner and crouched in an attempt to become invisible, he said nothing.
“I see dear Dao-Ming has nursed your wound,” Wadim said with approval. “Very good, my pet.” His piercing eyes bore into Shen and his lips formed a snarl over his brilliant, elongated teeth. “You have the look of your mother, but the taste of your father.”
Shen tried to sit up, but with little success. He was still raked with confusion and his head felt like someone was beating it with a sledgehammer from the inside out. How did Wadim know his parents? His people stopped hunting him long ago; centuries, in fact. He moaned, more out of frustration than pain. He’d always been able to control his body, but now it seemed abstract, an entity with a mind of its own. It was as if his mind and his body co-existed yet were separate in this murky reality. They remained only faintly connected.
Wadim raised an eyebrow as he said, “I see your uncle neglected to tell you about me.”
Shen’s mind was reeling. What was Wadim talking about? Why would his uncle know about him? If he could just regain control of his faculties. He felt so separated and distant. It was hard to focus on what Wadim was saying and equally hard to understand his meanings. Shen just wanted sleep, but it seemed as if Wadim would never leave. Wadim was enjoying his taunting session far too much. If he’ d just go away and leave him alone. He needed sleep.
“How is your uncle?” Wadim asked.
There was no missing the sarcasm in Wadim’s voice.
“My uncle?” Shen forced out.
Wadim moved closer and Shen flinched from the stench of rotted flesh and blood on his breath as Wadim pushed his face just inches away from his. His evil captor’s skin was so pale it looked almost translucent to the extent that Shen could practically see the blood pumping through his veins and faint traces of his bones. It gave the vampire a surreal effect.
“Your uncle was a very fortunate man for escaping me,” Wadim mused. “Far more fortunate than your parents. It is a shame you didn’t get to visit with us. Your father expired a few years ago. I miss his taste. It was so delectable.”
Wadim’s words assaulted Shen like a bucket of ice, triggering a sense of oneness within him again. In a flash he was on his feet and ready to do battle with this nightmarish creature who played with his victims like a cat played with a mouse just before the kill.
Wadim’s eyes gleamed with satisfaction as his guards restrained Shen until he was once again subdued. When he was sure Shen was calm, Wadim pulled a small vile from the inside pocket of his rich purple, velvet waistcoat. He grabbed Shen’s chin and force his mouth open. Wadim’s claw-like nails left welts in his flesh as he poured the vial’s contents down his throat. It was only seconds before Shen was hanging limp within the guard’s grasp.
Wadim released his grip and silently pointed to Dao-Ming who was still crouched in the corner of the room. She was too frightened to move. The guards tossed Shen onto the bed and moved in her direction. Panic filled her as she searched the room for a means of escape, but it was useless. She was at their mercy. So far, she was lucky and no harm came to her, but Wadim’s satisfied smile and the lustful sneer on the guard’s faces as they closed in on her told her that her luck just ran out.
Piercing screams escaped Dao-Ming’s lungs as she fought off her captors while we stripped her and tossed her naked body onto the bed next to Shen. They grabbed her ankles and secured them into leather straps that were attached to the bedposts. She lay sprawled and helpless. Fear empowered her as she lashed out wildly until the guards strapped her wrists to the bed as well.
Shen made a feeble attempt to help Dao-Ming but was too disoriented to be much good. The liquid Wadim forced down his throat created a disoriented, yet euphoric explosion from the inside out. His mind felt separated from his body. He could feel the pressure building in his loins and was in an almost frantic need of release. He watched with abstract emotion as Wadim traced Dao-Ming’s leg with his long talon-like nails, ending at her soft mound. His mind told him he should be outraged, while his body was aroused. His heart pounded wildly and his loins pulsed in frustration as he watched the vampire fondle his bride-to-be. Her screams and tears seemed distant while a deafening roar filled his head. He tried to lift his hand to beat on Wadim but it refused to obey his command. What made things worse was that for the first time in his life he felt his carnal needs could not be controlled. This was a new experience for one who was always in control. It was both upsetting and liberating.
“It is time for you to consummate your union with your little bride,” Wadim cooed, while he fondled Dao-Ming’s vulnerable body. “You will breed more Wu for my stock.”
Wadim’s fingers continued up Dao-Ming’s pale stomach. Her breathing was labored as she struggled beneath his touch. Outraged when his sharp talons fondled the contours of her breasts, Dao-Ming tried to rip her body away. Her sudden jerking caused his nails to dig into her flesh. Wadim placed his hand on her throat and forced her deep into the pillow while he lowered his lips and sampled the blood from the unexpected tear his nail made in her flawless skin. Dao-Ming’s body went limp as she fainted.
The sight of Wadim sampling the blood of his fiancé while she lay lifeless and limp brought Shen back to the edges of reality. He was filled with rage. The burning power in his loins was replaced with a willful desire to destroy this vampire and all he stood for. He sat up on the bed and grabbed Wadim’s hair, pulling his head back with a vengeance. Blood trickled from the edges of the vampire’s lips and his reddish eyes were wild with abandoned rage at Shen’s action. He slapped Shen’s face with superhuman force, causing him to topple back onto the bed. My poor friend’s brief moment of sanity ended and the world once again became a distant illusion.
Wadim looked down at Shen’s limp body with disgust.
“Now he has gone limp and we cannot give more potion,” he spat impatiently. “Bring Mei-Lien to revive him before the potion weakens.”
Shortly after the evil vampire stormed from the room, a beautiful platinum blonde Chinese woman was led in by the guards who were waiting outside. Without waiting for instruction, she immediately headed for Shen and took his manhood with her moist lips. He feebly pushed at her head with arms that felt like they were made of jelly. He was weak as a kitten and lying next to Dao-Ming with a strange woman working her wiles on his manhood. His mind screamed to stop. He could not do this to Dao-Ming, but, try as he may, he couldn’t resist succumbing to her ministrations. His body would not listen to his head and the pressure and need was again in his loins.
Before he obtained the blessed release, his manhood screamed for, the woman drew back and silently left the room. Shen groaned in frustration. The guards took him and forcefully placed him on top of Dao-Ming; as if positioning a stallion on top of a mare. Shen did little to resist. It all seemed so surreal. He felt as if he was a spectator. When his manhood was embraced by the moist heat of Dao-Ming’s loins, there was no further need for prompting from the guards. His body had a will of its own as he plunged deep into her folds of moist warmth.
Dao-Ming’s eyes flew open as the piercing pain cut through her. A wave of relief flooded her when she realized it was Shen and not Wadim causing the pain. It was a small comfort. She knew it was only a matter of time before something of this nature happened to her. If it had to be, let it be with the man she loved instead of one of those monsters. Tears of sorrow mixed with relief rolled silently down her cheeks when her eyes met the lustful glowering of the guards while they watched Shen push for release. Why did they have to stay and watch? Waves of shame flooded her. She closed her eyes and hoped the potion Wadim forced Shen to drink would wear off soon.


TWELVE
 I lay sleeping in the fetal position on the damp earthen floor of my cell as a hazy light filtered through the small windows. The clanking of heavy metal as a pair of large hairy hands unlocked the cage door brought me quickly to the alert.
My eyes had finally adjusted to the darkness and I was able to see a fair bit of my surroundings. I rose up slowly, staring in disbelief as an enormous man-wolf-like creature reached down and put both of his hairy hands under my arms. He picked me up off my feet as if I was nothing more than a rag doll and held me dangling in the air. Without warning, the creature slammed me down so hard I was sure my feet were going to be repositioned above my head. I was given only a brief moment of reprieve to catch my balance before I was pushed out of the cage.
Puffs of dank dust swirled around my head as I stumbled and landed on the dungeon floor. I was grateful for my martial arts training and my understanding of going with the motion instead of fighting it. Shifting my body, I spun back into a crouched balance. I had no idea what this creature planned on doing with me but I was determined to go down fighting. I wouldn’t make it easy for the ugly beast, you could bet money on that.
“I bet you are wondering how a damp, dusty basement of this nature can exist in the desert,” came a voice through the darkness. “You would be surprised what exists beyond your realms of reality.”
I spun toward the voice as Dumitru’s tall, well-built figure stepped out from the depths of the shadows. The favorite son of Wadim and his first wife -an Italian Countess who Wadim captured and turned vampire centuries ago- there was no guessing at his ancestry. His sharp, vampire features were accentuated by rich, thick, glistening black hair that was tied snuggly at the base of his neck. Taught muscles bulged beneath the flowing material of his linen shirt. The ruffles at the neck and cuffs seemed out of place on his lean, muscular body.
Although at first glance he looked Caucasian, as I looked more closely I could see his Asian ancestry; especially in his eyes.
“My father has many talents,” the newcomer said. A chuckle, that almost resembled a growl, oozed from his evil sneer. “Stand up!”
I rose slowly, rubbing my sore muscles absent mindedly as I did. Purple welts were beginning to form on my forearms from my encounter with the wolf-man.
“Wu’s star pupil is injured?” He said sarcastically. He reached out and grabbed my arm with such force I was hard pressed to keep my balance. “Well, we cannot have that. I want you in perfect form when we fight.”
I couldn’t hold back the gag reaction my body had from the putrid stench of flesh and blood on Dumitru’s breath when he drew my face so close to his that our noses almost touched.
“I am forbidden to touch the precious Wu while he breeds, but there is nothing stopping me from fighting you, star student. It will be a pleasure to crush you,” Dumitru said with a snarl. His red eyes squinted with desire as he mumbled, “Then one day Wu will face me.”
My body trembled as he threw his head back and emitted a hearty, evil laugh before starting up the staircase. He stopped briefly to look me up and down with disdain. “Take him upstairs to the west wing. Make sure you clean him up and give him whatever he needs to heal. I want him ready in a week. Is that understood?”
The wolf-man clutched me gruffly and threw his head back while emitting a piercing howl. As if out of nowhere, two guards appeared. They yanked me from the beast and unceremoniously pulled me back up the steep flight of seemingly endless stairs that I’d just recently toppled down.

THIRTEEN
 Shen and Dao-Ming were the center of attention as they sat silently in an ornately decorated dining hall, at the long mahogany table amongst several of Wadim’s sons and their women. Some of the women were in the process of being turned into vampires, while other were there for breeding and pleasure only. A few of the women’s bellies were swollen with child.
The Meissen China, gold flatware, and gold trimmed stemware were neatly laid out, awaiting the feast. Male slaves, dressed in serving attire, filled goblets with blood for the vampires and a mild wine for the breeders.
“You are Wu. We heard you were coming,” said someone from the opposite side of the table.
Shen looked at the owner of the booming voice quizzically. How could he know he was coming? Who were all of these creatures? Was everyone there an offspring of Wadim? These questions, and more, reeled through his head as Wadim entered the room like a regal king. The crowded table leapt to attention while they waited for their leader to make his way to his throne-like chair at the head of the table and motion them to sit. He looked around the table slowly until his eyes rested on an empty seat next to Shen.
“Good day everyone. I see our dear Yu Wan has expired. She was such a generously delicious woman. It is a shame. She will be missed,” he said. His eyes twinkled as he slowly ran his tongue along his upper lip, as if in emphasis of his words. “We will dine in her honor today.”
Everyone at the table, save Shen, understood his apparent joke, for they all joined him when he tossed his head back in laughter.
Only Dao-Ming remained quiet. She knew full well their meal would be the flesh of the departed Yu Wan. She’d known her only briefly but found her to be agreeable enough. Yu Wan had been Wadim’s captive for twenty years and had born sixteen children for his family line. She’d prayed for death repeatedly, while she watched her children grow; knowing that those who were desirable enough would earn the right to become a vampire and those who weren’t would be sent to the breeding stables and eventually the food kitchen. It was an evil fate either way. It was her three sons who worried her most. The chances of them lasting in that den of iniquity were slim. Her daughters stood a better chance of making it until, God willing, someone came along to rescue them. Women were held in a much higher regard than men were held, since women were the ones who produced their all too precious food source.
All precautions were taken to elongate the life span of the breeders and they were fed and housed well. The men needed to be strong, almost from birth since they were forced to fight for food and comforts. If they survived and were handsome enough to suit Wadim, they were either turned into vampire or used to breed the women. If he found them unappealing in any way, they were sent to the food stables. One of her sons was served up at dinner a year ago. He’d injured his leg and it wouldn’t heal. Wadim noticed his severe limp and wrote out his death sentence. He had no tolerance for imperfections of any type. The trauma that Yu Wan experienced when her son’s flesh was spooned into her bowl sent her into early menopause. Thus she was no longer useful as a breeder. She was sent to work in the kitchen and was slowly drained of her blood. When she had nothing left to sustain life in her frail body, she quietly laid down and died.
A servant rolled in a tray that held a large pot and scooped its contents onto Wadim’s plate. Large chunks of bloody, congealed partially cooked meat were in sharp contrast to the fine splendor of the eighteenth century porcelain China. As if to belie the farce of such an elegant setting, Wadim picked up his gilded knife and fork and dove into the bloody mass without waiting for his dinner guests to be served.
Shen gagged vehemently when the server ladled several par-boiled human eyeballs along with some toes and fingertips pooled in blood, onto his plate. Bile flooded his mouth. He searched the room for a means of escape but saw none. Even if he could discover a way out of the nightmare, he was too disoriented to make it out unnoticed. Even if they’d stopped pouring that vile potion that caused the disorientation and messed with his body in such a way down his through, it would take days to get it out of his system enough for him to focus on an escape. An agonized moan slid from his lips as he forced his trembling fingers to pull the linen napkin from its ornate solid gold napkin ring and wipe the bile that escaped the corners of his mouth.
Dao-Ming placed her hand firmly on his thigh in an effort to offer her support. She remembered all too well her first visit to Wadim’s table almost a month ago. She’d refused to partake in such cannibalism so they held her down and forced the bloody meat down her throat while she choked and gagged. After a few repeated feedings of this nature, she gave in and partook willingly; partly because she dreaded the force feeding and partly because she began to look forward to the taste of raw and par-boiled human flesh. In fact, she sometimes craved it. She wondered what this made her. She hadn’t been bitten for the purpose of turning her into a Vampire and she hadn’t been feasted on like they’d done to so many others day after day until they were drained dry. In fact, with the exception of Wadim tasting her blood when his nail sliced her flesh no one had touched her in that way.
Dao-Ming was there long enough to know the process they followed to prepare someone they valued for their dinner table. They drained a person of his or her blood very slowly. They offered substance immediately afterward to aid the body in replenishing itself of its precious ruby fluid. Each time they took a little bit more blood from the body than it could replenish before their next feeding until the body was eventually depleted of its life’s fluid to sustain itself. When the body could do no more and it had minimal left to ooze out of its veins, they’d cut it up into meaty chunks and served the poor victim up at the dinner table. Most of the time the victim died on his or her own prior to the butchering, but not always.
Aware of her thoughts, Wadim gave a gurgled laugh through an overstuffed mouth. Table manners were something he’d never bothered to acquire.
“You are safe, my pet,” he assured her. Pieces of half masticated flesh flew onto the table as he spoke. “You are here to breed for us, not to feed us. Not yet, anyway.” Wadim’s piercing eyes found Shen. It was as if they bore through to his very soul. “You seem confused, dear Wu. Let me explain. This vampire,” Wadim chuckled as he tapped on his chest, “and my offspring no longer live on blood alone.” Wadim swooped his arms in a gesture of acknowledgement of the others sitting at the table. “These are my sons. We have worked for centuries to perfect ourselves into the altered state of vampirism you see today.” He sat in brief silence while he waited for Shen’s response. When nothing came forth, he leaned forward and continued. “You still look confused. Let me see if I can shed more light on it all for you.” Wadim’s look was almost quizzical as he studied Shen carefully. It was as if choosing his words to suit Shen’s intelligence level. “You believe in fairy tales, yes? Hollywood has taught you about the wooden stake and holy water, yes? Well, they have it partly correct. In fact, there was once a time when they would have been quite correct with their portrayal of the evil vampire. We used to depend solely on blood for our survival and some still do, but after centuries of trial, effort, and great agony, I have succeeded in altering the DNA makeup of myself and my offspring. We no longer live on blood alone. So, when one of our breeders expires we feast on her carcass. Waste not, want not.”
“You eat each other?” Shen couldn’t mask his horror.
“How barbaric!” Wadim said with disdain. Such a suggestion clearly outraged him. “We eat our stock, not each other. Humans, my dear man, humans. Today, we eat a very voluptuous and generous human who was part of our breeding stock. She gave my sons great pleasure as well as produced several agreeable sons and daughters. Although, I could not tell you who the father is.” Wadim’s sons smiled and mumbled in agreement. “Alas, she eventually grew old and could no longer produce children. A woman of that age would certainly not suit simply for lustful pleasure so she was sent to join the feeding stock. She became quite a succulent morsel over the many years of birthing. We feed our breeders on the best foods available. By the time she reached the level of becoming a staple for our table, she was a prize specimen. I believe you would equate it to the fattening of a prize cow or pig.” Shen cringed as the table chuckled at Wadim’s equation. “She lost a little of her heft over the last few months while being drained of her blood, but she still serves us well enough to please our pallets. Bon appétit!”
To Shen’s horror, even Dao-Ming dove into the fare.
Noticing his dismay, she whispered as inconspicuously as possible, “Eat, or they will force you to eat. Believe me, you do not want that. Eat now. You have no choice.”
Only slightly relieved by the fact that his love, was eating human flesh because she had no choice, Shen picked up his fork and poked at one of the eyeballs. He reminded himself that in some countries such fare would be considered a delicacy; but then it would be the eyeballs of an animal, not a human. Bile flooded his mouth again.
He simply had no control over any of his body’s functions anymore. He was completely at the mercy of Wadim and his drugs. Unable hold off any longer, he dropped his head between his knees and purged the contents of his stomach onto the floor. Shen’s dinner companions either didn’t notice his distress or they simply didn’t care as they continued to consume their meal.
Only Wadim offered mild solace.
“You will get used to it, my boy. Trust me,” he said almost sympathetically. “As you can see, your lovely bride-to-be managed to develop a taste for our fine cuisine. I guess she prefers that over starving to death.” He shook his head, “Where are my manners? You are not yet one of us and this is your first visit to our table. I am certain you would prefer cooked meat. Am I correct?” Wadim didn’t wait for Shen to answer. “We must keep up your strength.” He snapped his fingers and a server appeared next to him from seemingly out of nowhere. “Bring young Wu some traditional Chinese fare. Go out onto the streets if you must but do it now. Do not keep me waiting.”
The servant bowed at Wadim’s command and disappeared.
Wadim had only just enough time to empty the goblet of blood that was set before him and tap at the corners of his mouth with his napkin before the servant returned with a tray laden with barbecued pork, fried rice, and wanton soup. The occupants in the room held their noses in disgust and hastened to bid their leave from the table. Wadim chuckled while he dismissed them.
As they rose from the table, the women who looked to be breeders approached Wadim one by one with their heads bowed and drank from a large goblet of blood he held to their lips. His son’s and a few male and female vampires waited patiently in the background until all of the women drank and then returned to stand behind the chair they’d been sitting in. When the ritual was completed, they methodically left the room. Only Wadim, Dao-Ming, and a petite Indian girl who looked to be in her early twenties, remained as Shen’s dinner companions.
Wadim placed his hands on the edge of the table and rose majestically.
“I have a busy afternoon,” he said. “They are opening a new casino out near Red Rock Canyon that I want to check out. Perhaps I will try my hand at the gaming table. Why not join me, my dear Jasmine?”
Jasmine stood up obediently and fearlessly approached Wadim. She gracefully slid her arm through the crooked one he offered her. Wadim smiled at her affectionately, seemingly forgetting the others in the room. Moments passed before he spoke again.
“Awe... you thought we could not move around during the day?” he said tauntingly. “Again, Hollywood is only partly right. You see, if we only drank blood we could only really be alive in the night, but, because we eat the flesh of humans... deliciously sweet tasting humans... we retain just enough DNA to allow us to move about in the daylight. It took centuries for this to happen. Hollywood just is not aware of it yet.
“With the exception of my wives, my sons, and their wives - who are also altered vampires- everyone at this table is still a human with a touch of vampire blood in them to help their bodies tolerate the vampire fetus. They must retain their human DNA to procreate the type of blood we need for feeding.” Wadim shrugged as if bored with the topic. “They eventually expire, of course. Vampire and human DNA do not mix well. You must become a full vampire to be able to tolerate the alteration. I prolong the inevitable by giving my blood at the end of each meal. A drop of my blood is placed in a glass of human blood and they each take a drink before leaving the room. So, you see, Hollywood, with its stakes in the heart and burning sunlight, is behind the times. There is only one thing that will put us into extinction. Just one thing.”
Wadim pulled his petite companion along as he headed for the door. A serious look overtook him as he stopped and turned to Shen.
“I require you and Dao-Ming remain fully human for a while,” he said with a smirk. “I intend to breed pure Wu blood. Once you have served your purpose, you and your beloved woman will become like the others. You will be allowed to slowly expire and eventually find your way to our dinner table; on it… not at it.” His piercing eyes locked with Shen’s. “Perhaps you will do what your father and uncle could not do and discover that one thing that can destroy me. You would be free then.” His voice thickened as he addressed his guards. “Feed him, and then take them back to the room and make sure he continues his work. I want her impregnated immediately!”
With that, he strutted from the room with Jasmine proudly clinging to his arm.
Shen stared at the doorway long after his evil captor disappeared. Hatred permeated him right down to his very core. For years he was under the impression his parents drowned in a boating accident and their bodies were lost at sea. Now, horror of horrors, he discovered we fell prey to this repulsive monster. A mutant of indescribable disgust had not only reveled in their torture but eaten them in the end. Did his uncle know of this? How could it be that his uncle escaped where his parents hadn’t? Had his uncle left his parents behind to suffer; could this be true? Nothing made sense. His head pounded from the strain of trying to think and his body trembled; partly from fear and partly from the effects of the drug Wadim’s men kept forcing him to drink.
“You must eat,” Dao-Ming urged. “If you do not, you will end up on these plates. Believe me, I know. I have seen it happen more than once since my capture. Please, eat.”
Dao-Ming’s voice echoed the pain that filled Shen’s soul. He wondered what had happened to me. Was I still alive? Would I also become their dinner? Would Shen be forced to eat me? The thought was more than he could bare and the room spun before disappearing into darkness.

****

Wadim and Jasmine stepped out into the afternoon sun. Having changed clothes before leaving their den, they blended easily into the already crowded strip. The same driver who collected us from the airport stood waiting next to a sleek black, late model, Mercedes limousine. He opened the door when Wadim approached while lustily eyeing Jasmine as she slid into the back seat next to Wadim.
The dark tint of the windows made it impossible to see Wadim and Jasmine and proved to be a perfect barrier for the already brilliant sun as they turned off the strip and onto West Charleston Blvd.





FOURTEEN
 Stripped of my shirt and shoes, I paced the eighteenth century styled bedroom. After struggling with the locked door in hopes of escaping, I was evaluating the possibilities of what was on the other side of the tightly sealed and darkened glass windows.
They’d tossed me into the room and locked the door about an hour earlier. My muscles and joints were still stiff from the time spent in a cell with nothing to separate me from the harshness of the dank earthen floor. Without having contact with the outer world, and my worldly possessions stripped from me, time became an illusion. I could only guess how long it was since Shen and I were captured and separated. By the rumbling of my empty stomach, I surmised I’d missed more than one meal.
I wondered what had happened to Shen.
From Dumitru’s sneering remarks, I was fairly positive he was still alive, but where was he being held? Was he somewhere in this hell hole? He had to be.
The guards gave me little opportunity to investigate my surroundings when they rushed me out of the dark basement and along several long, dimly lit corridors to the confines of my room, but I was able to surmise that this den of iniquity was expansive. It seemed to stretch on and on. Even if I was able to break free and look for Shen, finding him in that menagerie of rooms would be no easy task.
The fumbling of a key in the lock put me immediately on the alert. One of the same guards, who handled me so roughly only a short time ago entered the room carrying a tray laden with food. The rich aroma of a still sizzling steak sent my senses into action. My mouth filled with thick saliva. The guard chuckled when I wiped some dribble from the corners my mouth as he set the aromatic tray only inches away from me.
“I cannot conceive how you can stand it fully cooked, but Dumitru said to send it up this way and make sure you ate it all. So eat!”, the guard barked over his shoulder as he started back out the door.
He was eager to be free from the offensive stench of fully cooked meat and wasted no time rushing out of the room.
I immediately positioned myself before the tray of food and dove into eating with a vengeance. I savored every bite as if I’d never tasted meat before. I was so hungry I feared cramping or, even worse, vomiting if I ate too fast. So, I exercised as much constraint as I could muster and paced myself. The walls of my stomach ached and gurgled as the void was slowly filled.
I couldn’t remember the last time I had a steak of such tender quality. I wondered what seasonings these characters used to give it such a unique flavor. It had the coloring of beef, but the texture of pig. I’d heard of people in the Far East eating monkey, dog, and horse. Maybe this was horse? I didn’t want to think about it. This was the first I’d eaten since we’d left the dinner buffet at our hotel and I didn’t know when I’d see food again. It was best to just savor the food and not worry about its source.
I’d just finished swallowing my last bite when the door swung open and a slender and incredibly beautiful Chinese woman with the most unique platinum colored hair entered. I cursed myself for being such a glutton when I realized she hadn’t used a key; making it painfully obvious that the door hadn’t been locked. I’d missed a prime opportunity to escape.
I stood up warily while wiping my mouth with the back of my hand as the guard pushed my way into the room past the girl to remove the empty food tray.
“I see you enjoyed Yu Wan,” he said before tossing his head back for a brief session of full bellied laughter. He picked up the tray and then stopped briefly to give the young woman a harsh nudge toward me. “I have brought you a little entertainment. The boss says you are a lady’s man.”
Pulling the key from his pocket with empathic drama, the smug guard closed the door behind him. The sound of the key turning the lock pounded against my eardrums and I muttered soft curses while I stared past the beautiful woman at the locked door. How could I have been so stupid as to let my hunger rule me in that way? It wasn’t like me to accept and eat foreign food without first knowing who cooked it and what was in it or on it. I had no idea what I’d just consumed. If I got the opportunity, I fully intended to ask Shen about a dish called Yu-Wan. It sounded Chinese for sure. Although I’d never heard of it, Shen probably had. It was more than likely a village dish. I Sincerely hoped it wasn’t monkey or dog. Just the thought of having consumed either one of them made my stomach turn.
My attention focused on the beautiful woman as she moved in a sensual cat-like manner toward me. A gentle musk scent floated softly with each move she made. My senses came alive as my eyes feasted on her exotic beauty. Her silken, platinum colored hair fell to just below her slender waist. It accentuated the richness of the brilliant red and gold silk robe she slowly slipped from her shoulders. Slivers of gold thread glistened as the fabric tumbled to the floor. She gently kicked off her matching slippers while her dark almond shaped eyes locked with my sapphire blue ones. I stood motionless while she circled me with slow sensual movements. I experienced a brief moment of guilt as I thought about Jessica. I’d made a pledge to be faithful to her and had already broken it with Mia and her side kick. Now, it looked as if I about to break it again. I heaved a sigh of resignation. I’d done what I did with the girls in the hotel room because my best friend needed me to keep us occupied and I could think of no other way to entertain two extremely horny women who wouldn’t take ‘no’ for an answer even if I tried to give it to them. As for the beauty before me? I’d met the vampire who sent her to me and I had no intention of offending him by refusing his ‘gift’. Besides, who could blame me for accepting it? What red blooded man could resist such a beauty that was being offered to him so freely in the confines of a prison that he may never escape from? For all I knew she just might be the last woman I ever bedded. I was at the mercy of a den full of vampires after all. I equated this gift of food and sex to a man’s last rights prior to his execution. If these were my last moments, I fully intended to make the most of them.
When she was close enough for me to feel her breath on my bare chest, I was able to see that she wasn’t as young as I’d first thought. I originally guessed her to be in her late teens to early twenties, but I could now see that she was at least in her early thirties. Most of the Chinese women I’d encountered carried their age well like the one before me. It made it difficult to judge their actual age. I learned to look for subtle signs, such as bone structure and skin tone to decipher their true age. Her skin coloring was much paler and less robust than I was accustomed to seeing on the Chinese women I encountered since befriending Shen. I attributed it to the fact that she probably hadn’t seen daylight in a very long time. Even so, it looked smooth, soft, and sensuous. This woman was ravishingly desirable; a rare beauty indeed.
“I am here for your pleasure,” she cooed in very poor and heavily accented English. “Is their tradition to give dying man delicious food and delicious woman. I am Mei-Lien.”
So, I was right.
Mei-Lien moved forward to caress my taught muscles with her experienced touch. It didn’t take long for me to forget about the reason she was sent to me and lose myself in wild abandonment. I’d never been with a woman who aroused my senses to this capacity. Her musky scent caused waves of carnal desire throughout my entire body. She caressed my chest with her tongue, licking it seductively. I hesitated only briefly before sweeping her into my arms and carrying her to the richly adorned bed.
Unable to control myself, I took her with gentle force over and over again. My desire was insatiable. When I finally fell upon her in complete and sweet exhaustion, she caressed me gently while kissing my neck.
Feeling relaxed and headed for sleep, I was unaware of her baring a pair of brilliant white nubs. They were the beginning of fangs that were only just starting to protrude from her gums. Speckles of red glistened in her rich dark eyes as she opened her mouth wide and brought her nubs down onto my taught, muscular neck. Still new and barely piercing through, her fangs weren’t quite long enough to secure penetration.
“What the hell?” I roared with surprise.
Although I was satiated and relaxed, I reacted quickly. Her mini-fangs barely grazed my skin before I tossed her like a rag doll away from me. I should have guessed she’d been sent to me for more than just my sexual pleasure. I was in hell, after all.
Undaunted, Mei-Lien lunged forward and tried
again. I pushed her back with the force of three men and leapt off the bed. She flung toward me with determined gusto. I managed to thwart her with a few kicks and arm blocks.
Much to my surprise, she countered me with great skill and unbelievable strength. We moved through the room as predator and prey, mindless of the damage our battle was ensuing on the furnishings.
After an extreme effort, I finally overpowered my beautiful predator. I yanked drapery tie backs from their holders before dragging her to the bed and tying each wrist securely to a bedpost. I didn’t want to take the chance of her breaking free. I wasn’t sure I was up to another battle of such intensity. This beautiful creature’s abnormal strength and masterful skill almost got the better of me. I wondered if I’d be so lucky the next time.
I touched my neck and stared in disbelief at my fingertips. The tell-tale signs of blood validated the fact that she’d managed to break the skin. For a fleeting moment I hoped she was free of diseases before I looked really closely at her while she snarled in frustration and realized how oddly shaped her teeth were. They had an animalistic appearance.
“Damn! What are you?” I asked.
“You first bite,” Mei-Lien said. She clearly struggled for the words. English wasn’t a language that she’d gravitated to in China and her education hadn’t offered extensive language classes. After her capture by Wadim’s crew she was forced to speak it. As time wore on, she gradually grew more comfortable with the language, but never fully mastered it. Her sentences were choppy and often incomplete. “I do not know how to do right.”
“Your first what? Son-of-a... What’s happening? Where am I?” I babbled.
If I’d doubted it before, I was now thoroughly convinced that Shen was telling the truth. We’d been chasing vampires. I really and truly was a captive in the den of vampires. Even more so, I was locked in a room with one who was just coming into her own. The hairy beast in the basement was barely visible in the darkness, but I was certain that it wasn’t human as well. I could have passed the deathly white, almost transparent skin of my captors as sunlight deficiency and this odd décor as... well... it was Las Vegas, after all. But, this woman… there was something about her that was just beyond being strange and weird. She was really trying to suck the blood from my neck. This was no joke or act. It was very real, and I just didn’t know what to make of it, except that vampires were real and Shen was telling the truth.
I wished I had my friend with me right now. I somehow felt he knew more about our circumstances than he’d let on and I wanted him here to answer some questions.
“If I do not turn they will put me with feeding stock,” my beautiful temptress declared. “I must bite. Then I turn vampire and safe. I do not wish to be food.”
Mei-Lien pouted seductively in an attempt to remove my guard and regain her position, but I wanted no part of her. I walked to the other side of the room and stood aright a chair that tumbled on its side during our fight. I eased my body into it thoughtfully while I digested her words and the meaning behind them. What was she trying to tell me? Was she actually saying that she was supposed to drink my blood to make her turn into a vampire?
I locked eyes with the den’s seductress. She shrugged heavily when she realized that her efforts to woo me were lost and positioned herself in an upright position as best she could with her hands tied like they were.
She was unsure what to do next. It wouldn’t go well for her if she was discovered like this by the guard. She had to convince me to free her before the guard returned. Even if she wasn’t successful in biting me fully, she’d managed to draw blood. Maybe it would pass for a bite if the guard didn’t look closely.
In a way, she was glad that she hadn’t succeeded in biting me. Turning was a last resort and something she dreaded. She’d put it off as long as possible. There were times when she wished for death, but the knowing of what would happen to her body once she died traumatized her to the point of denying death as well. She was tortured daily. She wished for a way to die peacefully and to have her body placed in the ground while her loved ones said their good-byes. It would be much better to die than to become the undead; especially one of Wadim’s undead. They were an outcast with their own kind; a cross between vampire and cannibal. It was rumored that Wadim’s father, Count Dracula, had disowned him because of his experiments in mutating the purity of the family lineage. Sadly, even if it was possible to die unnoticed, she was mutated enough to make dying difficult.
The only way for her to die would be for her to stop drinking from the blood vile and Wadim made sure she was fed it daily. Now, her fangs were inching their way through her tender gums and the urge to feed on her own was getting stronger and stronger. Soon she wouldn’t be able to resist. If they discovered she hadn’t bitten me properly, they’d feed her the blood of pigs as punishment. She’d endured it before when she was spunky enough to resist them. Although it wasn’t lethal, it was a bitter, sticky liquid that made her stomach twist in knotted pain.
I leaned forward and said commandingly, “You better start explaining… from the beginning.”


FIFTEEN
 Wadim eased his way amongst the crowded casino with Jasmine snuggled familiarly at his side. Stevenson had just finished giving him the list of new captives and made arrangements to bring them to the den the next day.
Stevenson always bought back the captives that Wadim rejected. It was a rather unfair deal since he did all the work to capture them in the first place, but he wasn’t about to bring that point up to the temperamental vampire. He valued his life too much. Occasionally, Wadim would have a moment of kindness and toss in a captive or two free of charge.
Stevenson handed Wadim a thick pile of money. The vampire slid it casually into the inside breast pocket of his sport coat. Wadim loathed the attire he was forced to wear when he left his den, but he was wise enough to know it was in his best interest to do so. Although modern technology and ignorant scientists managed to take fact and turn it into fiction, there were still a few die hard vampire hunters out there and he saw no reason to draw their attention his way. Fighting vampire hunters was time consuming and took his focus away from his own experimental development of a new and improved strain of vampires. He had a vision of an empire with him at the head of it and was very close to accomplishing it. One of his sons was at that very moment out scouting for locations across the country that were suitable for new dens. Soon he’d have dens all around the world. Then his father would discover how wrong he was to turn his back on him.
The heat of the day still lingered in the air when Wadim and Jasmine left Stevenson and walked out into the night. The brilliant stars that lit up the sky competed with the bright lights of the strip in the distance. Wadim’s limousine appeared out of nowhere and the driver leaped out to open the door. Standing at attention, he ogled Jasmine through the corner of his eye. Wadim chuckled inwardly. He was fully aware of the repulsive shuddering Jasmine suffered whenever they were in the company of his driver. She knew that when he tired of his play girls, he distributed them amongst his helpers. She did her best to remain in his favor and hoped that when the time came he didn’t give her to this horrendous wretch.
Stevenson stood in front of the casino and looked out at the outline of the red rocks as a black limousine pulled up and six young men got out. One of them walked up and nonchalantly placed folded money into his outstretched hand while shaking it. The men watched silently as Stevenson tucked the money into his breast pocket while patting the eager young man on the back.
He put his arm in the air, as if hailing a cab, and a white limousine slowly pulled up behind the black one. The young men craned their heads to look into the white limousine windows with excited anticipation. Three scantily dressed girls got out of the white limousine and made their way toward the men. The men greeted the girls eagerly and proceeded to fondle them playfully before escorting them back into their black limousine.
The young man standing next to Stevenson smiled his appreciation before nodding his head and returning to the vehicle. He paused as he positioned himself to pull the door shut and looked at Stevenson one more time. Stevenson held up his wrists and tapped repeatedly on the dial of his wristwatch. The young man nodded his head before closing the door.
As the black limousine pulled away, Stevenson looked back into the casino before seating himself in the back seat of the white limousine and driving away.



SIXTEEN
 Shen and Dao-Ming lay together in satiated silence. He’d just finished making love to her once again. His frustration over their situation swelled within him, but his frustration at his inability to subdue his own carnal needs overshadowed all else. He’d always been able to control his wants and desires. His whole life’s training was focused on control. Now he was no more than an animal rutting repeatedly throughout the day. What made it worse was that it was a function that he was ordered to perform for the ‘Master’. He and Dao-Ming were little more than the pigs they kept out in the yard.
Shen rolled off the bed and walked to the basin. There were no mirrors in the room, so he did his best to wash up and groom myself without the visual assistance he’d taken for granted all of his life. He’d noticed that the hollows in Dao-Ming’s eyes were worsening and he wondered if the same was happening to him. He didn’t feel right. His body was no longer his own and he functioned in an abstract mannerism. It was as if he was the operator of a human marionette.
Dao-Ming lay languidly watching him. When he was finished, she put on her robe and moved up beside him to splash a little of the cool water on her face. She caught a hint of her reflection in the darkness of the bottom of the ceramic bowl and gasped.
“I am starting to look like them!” she wailed.
“You will never look like them, my love,” he assured her. His words sounded slurred as if he’d been drinking. “You just need rest and sunlight. I do not know whether it is day or night anymore. The hours are all the same. My body is tired. It is not normal to make love so many times. The urge goes on forever; almost non-stop. It is the drug they give me that forces my body to continue. They give you no drug and still your body is tired. I am so very sorry.” Dao-Ming touched Shen’s face tenderly. He grabbed the back of her hand and kissed it reassuringly. “We will find a way to get out of here. We will escape somehow.”
Shen wondered if he sounded the least bit convincing. His mouth was dry and burning from the drink they methodically forced him to take.
“I have never hurt a woman before. Not in any manner,” he said softly as he watched his love limp silently to the side chair and ease herself down.
Dao-Ming closed her eyes and shook her head.
“It is the drink,” she said softly.
“How long will they force us to do this?” Shen asked.
He was speaking more to himself and was surprised when Dao-Ming responded with calm acceptance.
“When I am pregnant, they will bring to you a new woman, and after that another, and then another, and then another. When I have delivered, I will be returned to you,” she said flatly.
“So, I am his prize stallion,” Shen spat.
Anger surged through him. He was angry over his situation and angry for what they did to Dao-Ming. She was changing before his very eyes.
More than once, as she lay sleeping, he watched her and remembered their early days in China. He reminisced about his visit to her while she’d attended college in California. There was a marked difference in her looks and mannerisms now. Was she right? Was she turning into one of them? Shen was so consumed with emotion that he could barely muster a whisper.
“Are you one of them?” he whispered.
“Not yet,” she whispered back.
Dao-Ming observed Shen as his eyes roamed over her body. There was no lust in them this time, simply pain and pity. Her heart ached from the sadness of their situation.
“If not yet, when?” he asked as he moved to the edge of the bed and waited for her answer.
She shrugged.
“I am surprised it has not happened yet,” she said apathetically. “Wadim must want to keep me fully mortal while he breeds Wu stock.” She looked at Shen as he winced at her reference to their children as Wadim’s stock. She hesitated, not certain if she should continue, and then took a deep breath and spilled out her confession. “I have developed a taste for blood and human flesh. It is all he feeds me.” She lowered her eyes in shame. “I have become a cannibal. I... I drank the bloody water when I washed your wound. I could not help myself.”
“This is a nightmare,” he moaned as he rubbed his face with his hands; as if by doing so he’d wake up from it.
He wasn’t sure if he should feel compassion or repulsion. He knew Dao-Ming was captured and none of this was her fault, but the thought of his bride-to-be drinking bloody water repulsed him to the very core.
Watching Shen struggle with his emotions was the final straw of Dao-Ming’s humiliation. Her eyes welled with tears. She may still be alive, but she felt dead inside. She wished for death. Real death; not the walking death that a vampire experienced. She longed to be free from this hell she’d found herself in. For surely, if there was hell -and she knew there was one because she was in it- then there was Heaven. Would God deny her entry because of what she’d been forced to become? Would her ancestors come to help her? Could they come to help her?
Shen moved softly and kneeled before her. He cupped her soft, moist face and looked deep into her sad eyes. His own sad and drug clouded eyes held her focus until she was lost in their liquid depth. When he finally spoke, she was calm again.
“What is the one thing that will destroy him?” he managed to ask.
Despair and frustration radiated from her slumped shoulders as she looked away and silently shook her head.
“I do not know,” she whimpered.
“Can you find out?” he pressed, undaunted by her apparent despair.
Her nerves were tense at the realization of what he was asking of her. If she was caught snooping around it would mean her death for certain.
Shen pulled Dao-Ming to her feet and directed her to lie on the bed next to him. The effort of focusing his attention left him feeling exhausted.
“You can leave this room more freely than I can,” he explained, “and your head is clearer. You can strike up a conversation with some of the other captives; like the women… the ones he is close to. Talk to them and see what you can discover. It is the only way.”
His words trailed off as his body relaxed into a deep, drug induced slumber.
Dao-Ming knew Shen was right. She was their only chance of escape. She had to find the courage to do what he was asking. She traced his sleeping body’s profile absent mindedly with her eyes while she planned how she’d retrieve the information he sought.

SEVENTEEN
 Stevenson pushed his way into the novelty shop. he walked boldly past the clerk to the door in back and entered without hesitating. He skirted through rooms filled with vampires huddled together in small circles around couples, trios, or singles providing never-ending sexual entertainment until he reached the large, gilded door and then paused to regain his composure. Of late, the number of captives he’d presented to Wadim was painfully limited and lacking in substance. It had been months since he’d received such a large inventory of beauties to present at once. This new shipment would certainly put him in a better bargaining position for the future. He knocked soundly, stepping back slightly while the lion’s head doorknob turned without him touching it and the door slowly opened.
Ignoring the others in the room, Stevenson confidently climbed the spiral staircase leading to the observation balcony where Wadim sat regally on his gilded throne. As he reached the top step, a guard stepped forward to block him from going any further. Stevenson shrugged. The guard’s obvious look of contempt couldn’t deter his excitement.
“The shipment will be here within the hour,” he said with anticipation.
As if to reinforce the guard’s actions, Wadim inspected his well-manicured nails and responded
without looking up.
“The buyers?” he asked casually.
“They’re waiting at their hotel,” Stevenson replied.
This news pleased Wadim enough to get him to look directly at Stevenson; something that rarely occurred.
“Excellent,” he said.
A satisfied, sadistic smile crossed Wadim’s semi-transparent face caused an anxious shudder to pass through Stevenson. Wadim’s eyes burned a brilliant, reddish-orange; reminding Stevenson of just how precarious a position he was in. At any point in time the vampire could decide he was dispensable. The feeding ritual he’d been forced to observe as a fair warning of what would become of him if he didn’t cooperate was burned deep in his memory.
Sensibility returned to Stevenson at once and he dispelled the idea of bartering for a larger price. It was enough to be back in Wadim’s good graces and having his potential demise put on reprieve. For this, he was very grateful.
Wadim chuckled with satisfaction and snapped his fingers. The sound echoed loud enough to bring the room to full attention.
“Get the room ready,” he called out.
His subjects sprang into action. Wadim’s smile toward Stevenson looked as if it was intended to be friendly, as he swept his arm in a broad circle in the direction of the room below.
“Help yourself to whatever or whoever strikes your fancy,” he said amiably. “Meet me in the room in two hours.
Stevenson licked his lips in anticipation before asking, “Are there any?”
Wadim pointed to a small group of men leaning against the wall below them. Stevenson nodded and eagerly headed down the stairway. It had been such a long time since Wadim was generous with his favors that Stevenson couldn’t even recall the last time. Wadim must be very pleased indeed. He made a mental note to reward his man for finding the new source of supply.
The evil vampire watched with amusement as Stevenson approached the group of young men and motioned for two of them to follow him. The trio disappeared through the large, gilded door that led to the bedchambers.


EIGHTEEN
 I reflected on our decision as I stood in front of the mirror inspecting the marks on my neck. It was the only thing we could think of to fool the guards and make them believe Mei-Lien had finally fed. With great deliberation, she’d taken a strand of her silky hair and measured the width between her fangs. Then she carefully took a steak knife that fell off the tray when the guard removed my dishes. She positioned the strand of hair on my neck and she punctured my skin to look like her fangs had penetrated. After which, she dabbed my blood on the corner of her mouth and fought the urge to lick it.
“The urge in me is strong. I am changing. Soon it will be too late,” Mei-Lien moaned in frustration.
She dreaded becoming like Wadim and was fighting it as hard as she could. Soon she’d no longer have control over her body and she’d give in to the desires and ways of the vampire.
“Do you want to become one of them?” I asked.
I knew the answer, but somehow needed to ask the question.
Mei-Lien’s eyes filled with pain as she shook
her head and looked away.
“No one wants to be one of them,” she said softly. “It happens anyway.”
“Then fight it,” I urged. “There has to be a way for you to fight it.”
I rushed to her side and shook her shoulders gently for emphasis. I couldn’t explain it, but I’d developed a strong attachment to her within the brief time we were together. I wanted to see her be alright.
“Lie on bed,” she said briskly. “Guard is back soon. You must look like I bite you.”
I moved to the bed and fell obediently onto it, sprawling out as I rolled my head to the side.
“How’s this?” I asked.
Mei-Lien smiled wryly.
“I see you have kept humor. That is good,” she said.
I looked hard at Mei-Lien. The sadness in her voice made me wonder what life was like for her before she was captured. I’d tried to discuss it with her earlier, but she refused to tell me much. Even in her emaciated state, she was still very beautiful and charismatic. I closed my eyes and tried to imagine her in her small village growing up. Every boy must have noticed her there.
“My fangs grow,” she worried. “Only way to stop is for me to die or for Wadim to die.”
I sat up and shook my head. I couldn’t understand what was happening to me. How could
I daydream about her childhood when we were all in such a perilous position. It was like she had some magical spell over me; something beyond my control. I needed to focus. It was this place. It did things to my mind. I stood up and walked to the window while wishing with all my might for a means of escape.
“They bring me back tomorrow to pleasure you again,” she said in a tortured whisper, “and to feed.”
I stopped pacing and looked long and hard at her.
“Do you know a way out of here?” I asked.
“No way out,” she said with a shake of her head. “Even if I know one, they watch too close.”
Mei-Lien was forced to be the preparer for Wadim’s male stud captives since she was abducted over a year ago. None of these males had tugged at her heart quite like I was doing. It was too late for her. She’d soon become a vampire, but there was something about me that made her want to spare me from the fate that lay ahead. She genuinely wished she knew a way.
“I came here with a friend,” I said.
I pulled back the drape to expose the opaque darkness of the window as I imagined what might be on the other side.
“He is in breeding room,” she said.
I dropped the curtain and turned with a start.
“In a what?” I asked with surprise.
“Wadim prizes friend’s bloodline. Is special to him,” she explained. “He will breed friend to chosen women and increase stock. When stock is great and Wadim is happy, he will eat friend for revenge on friend’s ancestors.”
I trembled with shock.
“He will drink his blood and turn him into a vampire?” I said with dismay.
Mei-Lien looked at me quizzically. Did I really not know that Wadim and his vampires were cannibals? She had genuine regret for what she was about to tell me.
“He will eat flesh,” she offered stoically.
I looked at her in disbelief. It was several moments before I spoke.
“I don’t really know much about vampires,” I said thoughtfully. “I never paid attention to the stories because I didn’t believe they were true. I do remember that vampires live on the blood of humans, not their flesh.”
“Wadim change himself,” she said. “He eats flesh. He is…how to say... mute?”
She shook her head with obvious frustration as she struggled for the right words.
“Mutant,” I said. “Wadim is a mutant vampire?”
I couldn’t believe my own words.
“Yes… mutant. Wadim mutant himself and others. Now they drink blood and eat flesh.”
“I saw pigs when they brought me here. What are they for?” I asked.
I recalled my afternoon meal. I hoped I’ d be reassured by Mei-Lien that the meat I ate was pig meat.
“For leather,” she said. “Wadim likes feel of pig leather. He sells meat on streets outside.”
Panic rushed through my veins. Although I feared the answer, I needed to ask.
“What is Yu Wan?” I asked with a voice that was barely audible as the words slid past my lips.
She stared, emotionless, at me for several seconds before giving me the answer I dreaded most.
“Was breeder,” she replied.
“Oh!” I exclaimed as I flew off the bed.
I made it to the basin just in time to lose all the contents of my stomach.
My eyes looked like those of a wild man as I stared at the half digested flesh of Yu Wan. My head was spinning, my ears roared, and sweat coated my body. The room threatened to disappear. It was sheer willpower on my end that helped me regain control of my faculties enough to listen as she stood up and walked the room while she continued to enlighten me.
“Wadim is at war with Wu clan for centuries,” she continued. “They tried to destroy him but fail. Only Wu’s uncle escaped. It is whispered Wu’s uncle almost destroyed Wadim and escaped before Wadim could seek vengeance. I do not know more. Getting caught speaking of it means death.”
“Wadim can be destroyed?” I asked incredulously.
I couldn’t believe my ears. The roaring had subsided, but I was still not certain I’d heard correctly. Had she really stated that the monster holding us all prisoner had an Achilles heel after all? Was Shen’s family the link? Now things were beginning to make more sense; if sense could be made at all out of this nightmare.
The door burst open and a guard bounded in. He motioned for Mei-Lien to leave. She did so quickly and obediently. Noticing my vomit in the bowl, he scowled before grabbing the food cart and inspecting it for its contents. The absence of the steak knife was immediately noted. Although I’d hoped to tuck it away for future use, I pretended to pick it up off the floor and surrendered it willingly. It was clear it wouldn’t serve me to try to hide it away. The guard eyed me warily before grabbing the handles of the cart pulling it roughly behind him. He slammed the door shut and turned the key, leaving me alone to ponder this bit of news.
I returned to the darkened window and did my best to peer through its opaqueness at the world outside. It was night now, making it easier to depict the crowded street with its lights and intense glitter. Everything was hazy, as if a world away, but it gave me some semblance of comfort and connection to know it was there. It was like looking through a time warp. I tried again to open the window, but it wouldn’t budge.

NINETEEN
 Even with the door as a barrier, there was no denying the screams of a woman in anguish that pierced the air. Dao-Ming stiffened in Shen’s embrace. Although his senses were dulled from his daily drug doses, hers were acute. She shuddered as she gently pushed her lover away and sat at the edge of the bed.
“A new shipment has arrived,” she said in a voice just above a whisper.
Shen struggled to focus. He was growing less and less aware of his surroundings with every dose of potion they forced him to drink. He felt as if he was living in a lucid dream where his sexual fantasies were becoming sexual nightmares. Sex was becoming so routine it held little value or appreciation for him now. It was becoming a revolting task instead of a sensual pleasure. It was just something that he did over and over and over again. It was as commonplace as breathing.
The fact that he was providing stud service for the purpose of increasing Wadim’s stock didn’t torture him anymore. He was becoming numb to so many feelings and emotions. The only sensation that ran through his veins with the force of a mighty river was his sexual drive. When he’d satiated that desire, he’d lay almost lifeless until his body would again cry out for release.
Dao-Ming was an understanding and willing partner. She pretended they were already man and wife and didn’t think about what would happen once she conceived. It helped make it easier for her.
“A new shipment of girls?” Shen asked with trepidation.
He watched as Dao-Ming placed her ear against the door. Even in his lucid condition, it was easy to see the distress in her expression and body language.
“I have witnessed this several times,” she said. “I heard them talking about it in the women’s stable. Wadim will select who he wants to keep and sell the others on the market. Some will remain in this country and others will be sent to Europe, Mexico, South America or wherever there is a buyer. Many of these captives are still children.”
Her voice was bitter.
Shen lifted himself up onto his elbow and lazily cupped is head in his hand.
“When will this all take place?” he asked apathetically.
“They will call the buyers by tomorrow night,” she replied.
“Are they always only Chinese girls?” Shen asked.
He remembered only Dao-Ming and Mei-Lien. The rest of their surroundings was a blur.
“They come from all over the world,” she explained. “Wadim targets those who are smuggling in because they will be the least able to track. He prefers women for their reproductive purposes, but he also will accept a strong man of good breeding to be a servant and eventually a vampire. Those who do not suit him are either sold on the market, sold back to Stevenson, or eaten. There are a few beautiful women in the den from other parts of the world but the breeders are mostly Chinese. He especially likes the Chinese for eating. He keeps mostly Chinese women for his breeding stable for this reason.”
“Why Chinese for eating?” he asked as he struggled to focus on their conversation.
“I am told that it is a way his warped mind seeks revenge against his mother for not marrying the Count,” she said. “It is rumored that he is ashamed to be part Chinese as well as a bastard. Each Chinese woman represents his peasant mother who killed herself before Dracula could make her his wife.”
Something in her words sparked a flame in Shen. He hopped out of bed and started pacing the floor. The movement helped him to think a little more clearly.
“I came here with a friend,” he said with agitation. “Do you know what happened to him?”
“They hold him in the far quarters of the den. He is to fight Dumitru in two days,” she said.
“Dumitru? Who is Dumitru?” he asked.
“He is Wadim’s favorite son,” she said. “He prides himself in his martial arts skills. Dumitru argued with Wadim when you arrived. He wanted to prove himself by fighting you, but Wadim was afraid you would be hurt and unable to give him the new stock he desires. He will not let Dumitru fight you until he no longer needs you, which could be years away.”
“I cannot keep this up for years,” Shen grumbled as his frustration mounted. “Why is my bloodline so important to him?”
“Do you mean your uncle did not tell you before he sent you here?” she asked with surprise.
“My uncle?” he asked. “I do not understand.”
“I only know what is whispered,” she said in a hushed tone. She left the door and returned to the edge of the bed while watching Shen move like a caged cat as she spoke. “You are a descendent of the Wu-Hans who resided on the edges of Tibet. They were a fierce fighting clan for many centuries that protected their countryside from the Huns as well as other invaders. Your village is where Count Dracula sought refuge when he escaped from Romania. It is said Dracula’s mother was a Hun whose relatives settled there. Because of this, he had contacts with people who would help him in their land. This is also where he met Wadim’s mother who chose to die, rather than become his wife. Wadim has targeted our people to seek revenge for his own suffering. For centuries, the Wu clan sought to destroy Wadim and his offspring. They would gain ground but never win. Because Wadim was experimenting with his mutation process, he wished to be free from the constant attacks from the Hans. He decided to leave. One day Wadim and his den disappeared. He left behind only a few vampires who wished to remain and fight. We do not know if those vampires were destroyed or if they eventually chose to leave, but suddenly peace returned to the land. Eventually, the vampires became nothing more than a legend.
“Wadim moved about the world for centuries while seeking the perfect place for him to be able to concentrate on his experiments without interruption. When he learned of Las Vegas, he moved his main den here because he felt it would be the best place for him to blend in. There is so much going on here. He was correct, I think. Once in a while Wadim or his people meet up with a vampire hunter and there is a battle, but this occurs very seldom and everyone who has tried to destroy them has failed and ended up on his food table. Now that he has mastered the mutation, he is even more formidable and difficult to hunt. He can pass as human in the daylight. This is something very few hunters would think a vampire could do.
“Your father held true to the ways of your ancestors and continued to hunt the vampires. It is unfortunate that he did not know of Wadim’s mutation. It is what caused him to be captured. Wadim will eat the flesh of almost anyone but is selective and will only drink the blood of pure Chinese lineage. He slowly drains you until there is nothing but a shell left. When you finally expire, he feeds you at the table to his sons, wives, and breeders. This is what happened to your mother and your father.”
Shen pounded his fist on the wall so hard that Dao-Ming was amazed there was no hole as a result.
“The bastard!” he wailed.
His chest was so tense that it hurt. The shock and trauma of what really happened to his parents and the realization of their situation pierced its way through the fog in his head.
“Why has he not bitten you?” he demanded.
He was so upset he barely noticed the fact that his words had an accusing tone.
“I heard him speaking with one of his men,” she said cautiously. “He hoped you would come for me. He was waiting. He wants your bloodline to be as pure as it can be.”
Dao-Ming trembled. She’d never seen her love like this and she was fearful of what he would do next.
Shen’s body coiled for action. He felt like it would explode soon if he didn’t find a release. She hoped the drugs in him hadn’t removed his sense to the degree where he wouldn’t hesitate to take his frustration out on her. She didn’t know why they hadn’t bitten her and that was the truth. She could only listen to the gossip and make her own assumptions.
“They have you drinking bloody water!” he roared.
Veins popped out of his neck as the words spilled from his lips. Dao-Ming looked ashamed as she cringed her body in an attempt to make it smaller and less of a target.
“If Wadim knew I did that, he would not be happy,” she admitted. “He forces me to eat their foods and justifies it by saying it is only a meat prepared by their cook, but if he knew I drank the bloody water from you he would be disgusted and I would be punished. I am sure of it.” She shook her head. “I do not know why I drank it. I just felt this strong urge. I think it is this place. It is filled with darkness and if you stay here long enough the darkness consumes you.”
Shen noticeably relaxed and sadness replaced his coiled up anger.
“I do not understand why my uncle would set me up like this,” he said sadly.
“Do you really believe he set you up?” she asked. “It is said that your uncle believes Wadim was destroyed. Could it be he didn’t realize this was the same vampire?”
“He warned me of the vampires,” he mused, “but, he did not tell me of Wadim in particular. Perhaps you are right. Perhaps he did not know it was Wadim. My uncle is a broken man and will not speak of what made him so.”
“Broken? How so?” she asked.
“He has limited use of his leg and is missing his left eye,” Shen explained. “I was told it happened when he was trying to save my parents from a boating accident. The boat caught fire and my parents went into the ocean and were never found. My uncle dove in after them and was mangled by debris. Whenever I asked to know more details about my parents’ death or his attempt to save them, he would tell me it was wrong to speak of the dead and he wished no reminder of the ordeal that changed his life forever. My heart hurts and my stomach turns to know that for all of these years my poor parents were held captive by that monster and eventually eaten by him. I can only hope my uncle did not realize they were alive. I have to believe that, if he knew they were alive he would have come after them.”
“The battle must have been fierce,” Dao-Ming said softly. “There are whispers that Wadim carries scars from it. He is missing toes from his left foot.”
“Have you seen this? Is this true?” Shen asked excitedly.
He sincerely hoped it was true. Knowing that his uncle had at least maimed Wadim gave him some sense of satisfaction and comfort.
“I was told by one of his wives,” she said as she shook her head.
She recalled her conversation with Wadim’s newest wife, Dembe, quite clearly. Dembe was captured in Uganda by Stevenson’s scouts only a few months back. She was a tall, proud woman with gleaming ebony skin. Wadim succumbed to her exotic beauty almost instantly and ordered the marriage ceremony for that very same evening. It had been over a century since Wadim took a wife and the other wives grumbled out of jealousy.
Poor Dembe’s life in the den wasn’t an easy one. She was still trying to resign herself to being a vampire. Unlike the stories and movies, you don’t forget your life as a human, nor are your emotions automatically cut off to your loved ones. Those factors are dependent upon the personality and beliefs of the individual. Many vampires spend centuries in sadness over the loss of their human life and the connection to those they love. Dembe held Wadim in contempt and longed for release -any kind of release- from his den and his hold.
“I have to reach my friend,” Shen said with urgency.
His recent dose of potion was starting to take effect and the exertion of focusing on their conversation finally took its toll. He laid down on the bed. Within seconds, he was sound asleep.
Dao-Ming curled up next to him and turned off the light. She would need her rest when he awoke and the needs of his drug induced body flared up. The darkness magnified the sounds of the screaming girls so she pulled a pillow over her head and shut her eyes.



TWENTY
A frightened girl stumbled as Stevenson shoved her into the line. Shrill gasps escaped the bedraggled row of captives when Wadim entered the room and walked back and forth observing them. He stopped in front of a few, cupping their chins in his bony hands and turning their heads to study their profiles. A look of disgust consumed his death-like features.
“There is very little of value here. I expected better,” he spat.
Stevenson wasn’t worried. He’d witnessed this reaction from Wadim every time he brought in a new
load of captives. It was the vampire’s way of getting the
price for the shipment down. Stevenson wondered why
he bothered. It went without saying that Wadim would only have to pay what he wished to pay; if he paid at all. Then Stevenson would be forced to buy back the captives Wadim rejected. More often than not it was at an inflated price. Stevenson was at his mercy. Since Wadim seemed to enjoy his little game, Stevenson played along. What choice did he have?
Wadim moved to the large throne-like chair that was placed on a small platform reserved for him to make certain he would always be above his subjects. He looked the captives over from a distance. His fiery red eyes stopped on a pretty Chinese woman who looked to be around the age of twenty. He pointed his long claw-like finger in her direction.
“Bring her to me,” he ordered.
The guards wasted no time in dragging the young woman forward and forcing her to kneel at Wadim’s feet. She sobbed openly and her body grew visibly limp from fear. Wadim motioned them to stand her up. Holding her by her upper arms, they dragged her to her feet. Wadim grabbed her wrist and pulled it to his pale lips. Several females in line fainted as they watched the vampire’s fangs protrude and then sink into her tender flesh. She screamed and thrashed wildly. The guards held her steady until he’d finished and then released her. Wadim smiled and dabbed his mouth with a lace trimmed handkerchief as he watched the young woman silently slump to the floor.
The captives were stunned into silence by what they’d just witnessed. The only sound that could be heard was the sound of urine splattering on the tiled floor from a young woman who was so frightened she wet herself.
Wadim motioned the guards to stand his victim back up on her feet. Blood still oozed from her swollen and bruised wrist as he grabbed her by the chin and forced her to look him in the eye.
“Just as I thought,” Wadim smiled wickedly. “Hello cousin. I am always pleased to encounter my peasant Chen lineage.”
She fought the guard’s grip as the evil vampire reached forward and stroked her throat with his long fingernails. There was a faraway look in his eyes. A moment later he motioned for the guards to stand her before him again. Fear of a repeat of what she’d just endured renewed her strength and she fought wildly.
His violent slap subdued her quickly.
“What is your name?” he demanded. When she didn’t answer, he slapped her again. This time it was with less force, but still hard enough to snap her head back. “What do they call you?”
Wadim’s angry growl accomplished what the slaps couldn’t.
“Ping, I am called Ping!” she yelled.
The words exploded from the young woman, bringing a smile of satisfaction to Wadim.
“Ping. That means peaceful,” he cooed. “Well, are you peaceful, my little Ping? You fought like a
wildcat just now. Let us hope you do not continue to fight me like that and you live up to your name.”
He looked at her, in silence for the longest time. She was almost grateful when he stood up and dismissed her like she was nothing more than a rag on the street, while giving orders to the guards to prepare her to be his bride.
The guards pulled her out of the room. Blood flew onto her shirt from the bite in her arm as she struggled to be free.
Wadim walked back over to the row of women. He poked and fondled as he made his way to the end of the line before turning to Stevenson.
“Sell all but three,” he ordered. “You select the three. They are all comparable. Take them to the kitchen and prepare a feast. Tomorrow we will celebrate my wedding to Ping.”
Laughter trailed behind him as he marched regally from the room. The guards herded the captives back to their cells. Screams filled the air as three were pulled from the line and taken in the opposite direction.

****

I strained my ear against the door in an attempt to listen more closely to what was happening, but all I could identify was the screaming of women. I paced back and forth in frustration before diving into some training exercises.

TWENTY-ONE
 Sleep was impossible for Dao-Ming as she lay next to Shen. She knew all too well the reason for the wild screams coming from the new shipment. She wondered how many Wadim kept and how many were to be sold. It was rumored that the buyers weren’t vampires. She’d heard Wadim ran a large slave and prostitute trafficking business and his buyers were prominent men and women from around the globe. The black man they called Stevenson was in charge of these transactions. She saw him only once. That was when she was taken. She knew immediately by the way the others jumped when he spoke that he was in a position of power.
The door silently opened and a guard stepped in. He sneered down at Shen before reaching over him to grab Dao-Ming’s wrist and pull her off the bed. Shen stirred and tried to grab for her, but the drugs sapped his strength for everything but making love.
The guard laughed and held her close to him while fondling her defiantly.
“Ha! The great Wu does not want me to take his woman?” he taunted. “The great Wu does not want me to touch his woman?” The guard threw his head back in laughter. “Never mind great Wu. You will have many women and when your woman fulfills her purpose with our master, your woman will have many men!”
The guard laughed wildly as he pulled Dao-Ming out of the room and slammed the door. Shen stared at the doorknob as he listened to metal scrape against metal as the guard locked him and then darkness consumed him again.
Dao-Ming was taken back to the woman’s quarters and directed to the bathing area. She sat in the corner and watched Wadim’s wives bathe a defiant Ping with rose water and petals. The room was buzzing with preparations for the ceremony. It was a century since Wadim took a new bride and now, within a matter of months, he’d selected two. Although his wives weren’t thrilled about the union of Wadim and Ping, the fact that she was of his bloodline made it an extra special occasion that even they couldn’t deny.
Mei-Lien cautiously approached Dao-Ming.
“We must speak. Come,” she whispered in their native tongue.
Dao-Ming was uncertain what to do. She looked around nervously. She was fearful someone may have heard Mei-Lien speak a language other than English. That in itself was bad enough, but to have the language be Chinese would bring down severe punishment on them both; possibly even death.
The den was full of spiteful and jealous females seeking the favor of the master. No one could be trusted. She’d only seen Mei-Lien from a distance and was all too aware that the platinum beauty was turning. She followed hesitantly, while keeping her distance as they crept down the hallway and into a small closet.
Mei-Lien lit a low hanging gaslight and pushed Dao-Ming into a sitting position onto the floor. The woman’s strength too Dao-Ming aback. It was beyond that of a normal female.
She sat in silent anticipation while hoping she hadn’t sealed her own fate by following Mei-Lien into this secluded closet.
Mei-Lien cracked the door open to peer out and make sure there was no one around. Once satisfied, she spoke again in their native tongue.
“I have been with the Anglo,” she said. “You have been with Wu?”
Dao-Ming gave way to temptation and replied in her native tongue. It felt good.
“He is in the west wing,” she said. “They gave him the breeding drug.”
Mei-Lien made a ‘humph’ noise and whispered, “We must help them escape.” Before Dao-Ming knew what was happening, Mei-Lien surprised her by reaching over and pulling her lips away from her teeth. “You are still human?”
Dao-Ming pulled her head away from Mei-Lien’s hand but otherwise maintained her composure.
“I am a cannibal. That is all,” she said.
Mei-Lien shrugged her shoulders and sat back.
“Everyone here is a cannibal,” she said. “We have no choice. It is too late for me, but not for you. You must go with them.”
“So, it is true you have turned?” Dao-Ming said.
She’d hesitated with her question, but felt she needed to ask. It was important to know for certain who or what she was dealing with. If Mei-Lien truly had turned, her alliances would be leaning toward Wadim, not Shen and her. This was especially true since she’d been a captive for quite some time; at least a year. Dao-Ming needed to know for certain before their conversation went any further.
Mei-Lien looked at Dao-Ming in silent sadness. It was clear she didn’t intend to respond to the question, but somehow Dao-Ming felt the change hadn’t happened yet.
Dao-Ming continued, “There is no way out.”
Even to herself her words sounded desolate.
Mei-Lien looked at her long and hard. The silence in the closet was almost deafening as each woman sized up the other. Finally, Mei-Lien spoke.
“I have a plan,” she said in a voice just above a whisper.

TWENTY-TWO
 Stevenson put on his most alluring face while he bid the small group of women to enter the novelty shop. The limousine driver lounging against the building smirked as he watched some men grab the women’s arms and pull them away. Stevenson scowled in frustration and pulled a pack of cigarettes out of his breast pocket. He’d redeemed himself in Wadim’s eyes with that last shipment. He wanted to keep the flow going. It wouldn’t do to allow his shipments to fall back in size and quality again. Although his men were doing a good job, he liked to be able to take the credit for contributing now and then; especially when he spotted fine looking women such as these.
Stevenson was reveling in relief after his last shipment. Wadim made it clear on more than one occasion that Stevenson was slipping in his duties and he was considering replacing him. If that happened, Stevenson would end up as dinner instead of at dinner. He’d do anything to keep that from happening. The fact that he hadn’t been invited to Wadim’s wedding ceremony with Dembe was a painful warning of how far he’d slipped from the vampire’s favor. That last shipment couldn’t have come at a better time. The fact that Wadim had readily invited him to his wedding to Ping was a boon and he didn’t want to lose his footing.
The city was full of beautiful young men and women. He’d find some that were up to Wadim’s standards and show him that he still had what it took. Maybe he could present some as a wedding gift.

****

Wadim looked elegantly handsome in his rich velvet ceremonial robe as he sat in a throne on the platform at the far end of the room. His eight wives stood behind him on either side. Even with the hollowness of their cheeks and the lack of vitality in their faces, these women from varying nations could easily be considered sensuous beauties.
Black candles were lit all around the perimeter of the room. Their flickering flames cast shadows that added to the eeriness of the occasion.
Stevenson mingled freely amongst the vampires in the room. He was dressed in his finest eighteenth century attire that he’d had made specifically for occasions when he received an invitation from Wadim.
When it came time for the ceremony, he disappeared and returned a few minutes later with a very docile Ping. She was dressed in red and black lace with a red veil hiding her drug induced face from the crowd. He carefully guided her through the mass of guests to the vampire leader’s platform. Wadim disliked drugs in his brides-to-be because it gave their blood a bitter taste, but Ping was so unruly they felt they had no choice.
Stevenson stopped in front of Wadim and lifted Ping’s veil, displaying a pair of dull and lifeless brown eyes. Wadim slowly stood and took Ping’s hand. She followed him obediently while he walked her toward the front of the platform to display her before the crowd.
“Tonight, I take this woman as my bride. She will spend eternity at my side.” he bellowed for all the room to hear.
He ripped Ping’s dress front, baring her tender skin, and sunk his long fangs deep into her breast over her heart. Even in her drug induced state, she was aware of what was occurring and her screams pierced the air.
After centuries of development, Wadim’s fangs were strong and lengthy. They allowed him to sink them deep into Ping’s flesh and hold her steady and undisturbed while she struggled before falling limp in his arms. When he finally did pull free, the blood poured from her in spurts that kept time with the beat of her heart.
A servant brought forth an enormous challis. It was strategically placed to catch Ping’s blood while Wadim continued to hold her firmly. The challis was filled to the brim before the blood stopped gushing from her near lifeless body. She looked like a waxen doll. The servant put a lid on the challis and then proficiently lifted it and took it away.
Wadim sliced his wrist and forces it to Ping’s lips. Blood dribbled down her chin as she sucked greedily. Little by little her body responded until her features transformed and strong fangs grew in her mouth. A tinge of color -enough befitting a vampire- returned to her complexion. Wives of Wadim were considered royalty and, therefore, weren’t subject to the slow and sometimes agonizing transformation process that others who were given the privilege of becoming a vampire instead of part of the food stock were forced to endure. The transformation was quick and -although traumatic at first- was relatively painless.
A screaming young woman struggled against her captors as they dragged her in front of Ping. Wadim grabbed her effortlessly off her feet and held her before his new bride. Ping’s fiery red eyes gleamed as she sank her fangs into the young woman’s wrist and fed with surprising zeal. As the life drained from her victim, Ping’s complexion grew more robust looking. When Ping had her fill, a challis similar to the one that was used to catch her own blood was brought forth and the rest of the young woman’s blood was drained into it. The same servant put a lid on the challis and stealthily took it away, while another servant heaved the dead woman over his shoulder and left the room.
Wadim pulled a ruby red handkerchief from his breast pocket and dabbed the blood from the corner of Ping’s mouth affectionately. She stood tall and looked around at the crowd with the satisfied and smug look of a regal queen.
He took her by the hand and smiled with satisfaction when he noticed her nails had grown as long, if not longer than his own, before leading her to a large canopy bed that was lowered from the ceiling. Guiding her gently onto it, he ripped her gown all the way down the front to expose her slender, youthful body. The crowd roared with excitement as, with a quick swoop, he removed his ceremonial robe and flung his naked, muscled body on top of hers.
The semi-opaque draperies of the canopied bed closed, showing only the newlywed’s silhouettes to the crowd as they floated above the bed while consummating their union. The crowd chanted guttural rhythmic sounds until Wadim let out a roar that vibrated the flames of the black candles and their bodies gently float back onto the bed.
The servants pulled even more fabric around the bed and it was rolled out of the room. Wadim and his bride would be taken to his private suites where they would blissfully remain until the following day.
Music began to play. Some vampires partnered up for a waltz. Others conversed in small groups while partaking in the blood filled wine glasses that were carried in on trays and distributed by the servants.

TWENTY-THREE
 Shen paced the room. There was enough of a lapse in time since his last dose of potion to allow his mind some semblance of connection to his body, as well as become more aware of his surroundings. The curtains were drawn back and the brilliant sun shone hazy and distorted through the thick, darkened glass. It taunted him that the world was still living, even if he wasn’t.
They hadn’t brought Dao-Ming to him. He assumed she’d conceived, since a new female was presented to him and was now lying asleep in his bed. The door creaked softly as the guard entered with his food cart. His lustful sneers at the female in the bed didn’t go unnoticed. Although Shen was more himself, he was still a long way off from being in a position to challenge the guard in any way. Besides, this young woman meant nothing to him. She was just part of the job he was forced to do. He didn’t want to see harm come to her, but he also didn’t feel a strong inclination to struggle against the drugs in his body to save her modesty. If the guard was going to ogle her lustily, then so be it. He returned the guard’s sneers with an emotionless face.
Mei-Lien quickly followed the guard into the room and slapped the woman across her face with considerable force to awaken her. She then pulled her confused and disoriented body off the bed and shoved her unceremoniously out of the door. Shen’s look of surprise was replaced by a look of sadness as Mei-Lien proceeded to hold a vial to his lips. He drank it obediently. He’d ceased fighting the inevitable.
There was something different about the taste of the potion this time. He was about to question her about it when, to his delight, Dao-Ming entered the room. She got on the bed and stripped off her robe, while the guard watched smugly. Mei-Lien dropped to her knees and the guard’s face filled with lust.
Although the women were beautiful, Shen’s body didn’t respond. The potion hadn’t taken hold of his faculties yet and his mind, feeling clearer, was repulsed by what was occurring. He focused on Dao-Ming, as she silently formed the word “please” with her lips. Confused by her odd request, Shen lay on the bed next to her and surrendered to Mei-Lien’s ministries until she finally stood, smiling triumphantly.
As a final good-bye, Mei-Lien sensually licked Shen’s chest before rushing to the guard and slapping his face as hard as she could in a deliberate act of defiance. After a brief moment of shocked silence, the guard growled at her while she quickly escaped out of the open doorway. In hot pursuit, he slammed the door closed. He was so consumed with shocked anger and his desire to catch Mei-Lien to wring her neck for her impertinence that he completely forgot to lock the door; which was exactly what Mei-Lien and Dao-Ming were hoping for.
Pleased that their plan was working so far, Dao-Ming leapt off the bed and quickly donned her robe. “Quick, before he realizes he did not lock the door and comes back,” she whispered in their language.
Although Dao-Ming’s voice was firm, her fear and sense of urgency was obvious.
Shen’s head was feeling clearer than normal, but his body was still too weak to obey him. He struggled to get off the bed and then fell back with a look of dismay.
“I am weak,” he said.
“Your drink was different today,” she assured him. “Your strength should return in a few hours. Let me help you.”
She grabbed his arms and pulled him off the bed. Her strength and determination not only surprised him, but it gave him the incentive to reach deep into his inner resources and muster up enough energy to take command of his body.
“I noticed a difference in taste today,” he whispered cautiously, “and the amount of the dose was larger. What did you give me?”
He jumped back with surprise and disgust when she sprayed a foul smelling liquid on him.
“Hey,” he grumbled with surprise.
“We have to hide until tonight and our scent must be disguised,” she explained. “They have very acute senses here.”
Dao-Ming did her best to disguise her amusement at Shen’s shocked reaction. He lifted his forearm to his nose to identify the pungently foul odor.
“This smells like urine,” he said.
“It is,” she replied as she tucked the bottle safely under her robe.
“Get it off me!” he said with a voice that was strong with despair.
She yanked at his arm while he made his way to the wash basin and fervently scrubbed his skin in total disgust.
“Would you rather die here?” she asked gruffly.
Shen paused to consider her words before grabbing the bottle. He spritzed himself with the foul liquid from head to toe while doing his best not to gag. If he was going to do this, then he was going to make sure it was done to the fullest extent. The pig scent was obviously meant to disguise his human scent and he didn’t want to take any chances that his own scent was the stronger. After all, his hygiene practice of late had definitely been lacking.
The pungent smell that assaulted his senses shook him into a state of alertness and allowed him a stronger hold on his body’s functions. Feeling ready for action, he pulled on his shirt and pants and cracked the door to look out into the empty hallway.
She pushed her way in front of him and held her finger to her lips. Grabbing his hand, she urged him to follow her. The only light was an occasional beam from the high set candles along the walls. As they crept, barefoot down the long corridor, the scent of pig urine was overwhelming. It assaulted his nostrils so powerfully he had to fight back his nausea.
They heard the footsteps of two guards coming toward them and ducked into an alcove to hover in the shadows. One of the guards stopped near them and wrinkled his nose.
“We better call housekeeping. The pigs are loose again,” he said.
When the guards finally disappeared down the hall, Dao-Ming slowly expelled the breath she was holding.
Although the potion was weaker in his system, it was by no means gone and still had an effect on his traitorous body; especially in such close quarters. He wrapped Dao-Ming in his arms and sensually nibbled on her earlobe. She freed herself with surprising strength and determination before grabbing his hand and continuing down the corridor.
They felt like they’d walked for miles before they finally reached the small closet that Mei-Lien had pulled Dao-Ming into and were able to duck into it.
Shen stifled a groan as his head rammed into the something swinging from the ceiling. The intense darkness made it difficult to make out his surroundings. He finally found the wall and leaned against it while massaging his skull.
Dao-Ming’s voice was barely a whisper, as she spoke their native tongue.
“We must wait here until tonight,” she said. “Wadim took a bride last night so the house will be quiet until the celebration match. Mei-Lien has agreed to keep the guard busy as long as she can. They will not come for you until it is time for your friend to fight Dumitru.”
“Dan?” Shen asked with surprise.
He was both happy to find out that I was still alive and concerned to hear I’ d be forced to fight one of those creatures. He had no idea how I was being treated or what condition I was in at this point. Judging from his own physical state, Shen assumed it wouldn’t be good.
“Whisper, please!” she urged. “You must be as quiet as possible. They have acute hearing.” She heaved a sigh and continued, “Dumitru is Wadim’s favorite son. He prides himself as a master fighter and wishes to defeat you in a competition match, but Wadim will not allow it. Tonight he will fight your number one student as entertainment for the wedding.”
Shen was filled with regrets for dragging me into such a horrid situation.
“They will kill him,” he whispered in his native tongue.
“To them, he is a worthless Anglo,” she replied. Whether he wins or loses, he is destined for death.”
Dao-Ming’s matter-of-fact tone surprised him.
“I have to help him,” he whispered with determination. “It is my fault he is here. It should be me fighting, not him.”
He was annoyed with her for being apathetic about my plight. After all, I was captured while trying to save her. He did his best to shrug away his annoyance. He needed all of his faculties in order and in alignment to make their escape plan work. He promised himself that he’d take it up again with her once they were safely out of harm’s way.
“Mei-Lien has a plan,” she said eagerly. “Dumitru plays by his own rules. He likes to drag it out so he takes a fifteen-minute break half-way through. If your friend makes it to the break, they will lead him out with them.”
“That is pretty risky,” he said with a heavy sigh.
He was happy to discover Dao-Ming wasn’t as apathetic as he’d thought. She and Mei-Lien had at least thought enough to devise a plan to help me escape.
“We cannot get to him before that,” she said apologetically but firmly. “He is heavily guarded. You should have your strength back by the time they start the match. Mei-Lien will come in a few hours with food and drink. For now, we must rest.”
Even as she spoke, Dao-Ming was making herself more comfortable for their lengthy wait. Their eyes had grown more accustomed to the dark. Dao-Ming spotted some rags piled in the corner and covered them both from head to toe with them in case someone opened the door while they slept. She curled up against her love and closed her eyes. Exhaustion overtook her almost immediately and she fell into a quiet slumber.
It wasn’t as easy for Shen to relax. His mind reeled with the possibilities of what awaited me as he stared into the darkness.


TWENTY-FOUR
 I stared at my reflection in the wash basin as I prepared for the fight. How had I gotten myself mixed up in this?
Thoughts of Jessica floated through my mind. I remembered how lovely she looked the night I met up with her at Mickey’s bar.
She was sipping on a glass of wine and didn’t notice me when I approached her from behind until I smothered her neck with kisses.
Recognizing my scent, she’d smiled and held my hands, as they rested on her shoulders. She leaned back against my chest and tipped her face upwards to allow me access to her soft, moist lips. I smile when I recalled her forced pout when she informed me that I’d kept her waiting once again.
I enjoyed Jessica. She was a compatible match for me. She rarely angered or got agitated with me and she allowed me far more freedom and liberties to pursue my own interests than any woman I’d ever known. In fact, the only quarrel I could recall -other than when I left to find Dao-Ming- was the night she’d brought up the subject of marriage in the middle of dinner.
I’d been a little touched by the romantic ambience as I refilled her wine glass. I’d never seen her so lovely. The restaurant was dimly lit with the warm glow of candles and soft music was playing in the background as the server glided gracefully from table to table delivering the customer’s fare.
It was a picturesque moment that was shattered when, just as I tipped my glass to drink after toasting to her beauty, she blurted out “Why haven’t you asked me to marry you? I’m serious. We’ve been together for three years. We’ve lived together for two of them. Don’t you think it’s time they made it legal?” I was so surprised and taken aback that I needed the assistance of the server’s firm hand on my back to help me stop choking.
My heart sank as I recalled the tears that followed when I informed her I wasn’t the marrying kind. At first, she was hurt. Then her hurt turned to anger and she flung insults at me that I’d have never thought would come from such a sweet young woman.
Frustration filled me as I contemplated on the fact that everyone seemed so hot to see me married. Even Shen broached the subject, only recently, in the hotel room in Poughkeepsie. What was so wonderful about marriage anyway? Most of the married men I’d come in contact with were miserable. I was content with the way things were with Jessica and me, so why should I try to fix something that wasn’t broken? Why not leave well enough alone?
Sudden guilt about my heart’s infidelity with Mei-Lien flooded my being and a wave of sadness overtook me. I’d been faithful to Jessica ever since I realized how much I cared for her. I may not want to get married, but it wasn’t because I didn’t want to be with her. It was because I was afraid marriage would ruin what we had. What had gotten into me with Mei-Lien? Why did she have such an effect on me to the point I couldn’t resist? We barely knew each other, yet I felt more bonded to her than to my lovely Jessica. I needed to break away. Not only was it wrong to hurt Jessica in this way, there was no room in my heart for another woman; especially one who was married and on the verge of turning into a vampire. I decided I must just feel sorry for Mei-Lien and that’s why I had such a bond with her. It was that place. Had I not been a captive on the edge of death I would have resisted Mei-Lien. I was sure of it.
I shook my head to clear it. I needed to get my perspective straight. I was wrong to dismiss Jessica’s feelings about marriage. When I got out of there - if I got out of there - I was going to consider the possibilities of marriage more seriously.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes.
“Baby, if I make it out of here...” I whispered.
The sound of the door unlocking caught my attention and I turned to see a guard entering with Dumitru close behind me. Dumitru sneered as he slowly circled and inspected me closely.
“You are going to be a pleasure to fight,” he goaded. “It will be a good match. I can feel it.” His lips curled into what might be considered a grin. “Are you ready to die?” He tossed a crisp white Gi at my feet. “Put this on.”
He started out the door and then stopped to take one more look at me before slamming the door dramatically behind him. The guard positioned himself against the door and stared in silence while I changed into the rough and starchy Gi.

****

Shen and Dao-Ming were still huddled in sleep when they were awoken by Mei-Lien scratching on the door before cracking it open. She stood in the corridor with her back against the door as the guards led me past them on our journey to the grand room. Shen craned to see me as best he could through the tiny crack she provided. He longed to tell me he was there for me and to hold on but he knew better than to make a sound. From what he could tell before I disappeared around the corner and Mei-Lien closed the door, I was alert and in decent condition.

****

The grand room was packed with excited vampires speculating the possible outcome of the match. I was the most advanced opponent Dumitru had ever fought in exhibition. It was common knowledge I was Wu’s star pupil as well as one of his uncle’s instructors. Most of the crowd knew the story of Wadim’s battle with Shen’s uncle, or at least enough of it to understand the difference in me as an opponent verses the others Dumitru presented for matches. They couldn’t help wondering if the skills were handed down from uncle to nephew and from nephew to student.
Servants distributed goblets of blood as I was led to the ring. I was horrified as I stood looking at the crowd of vampires that had gathered to witness my slaughter. This was a scene that should be on the Sci-fi channel. It was all so surreal.
The crowd roared when Dumitru entered. He walked up to me and put his foul smelling face in my face while roaring loudly.
The referee told us to take position for the start of the match. I surveyed Dumitru while I tried to calm myself enough to determine my best defense against this monstrous creature. I pulled on all I’d been taught in holding a defensive position until the opportunity to strike was made clear.
He slowly circled me while he looked for an opening. He kicked me squarely in the face and I stumbled back, stunned. He hadn’t even waited for the signal from the referee for the match to begin. It was obvious this wasn’t going to be a fair fight. It was even more obvious the referee would do nothing to stop him.
My senses were acute now. I countered Dumitru’s attacks and eventually gained the upper hand. Furious, Dumitru resorted to his vampire speed and strength. His kick to my face made such a loud crack that even those in the back of the room could clearly hear it.
Pain seared through my jaw and stars floated before my eyes. The enthusiastic roar of the crowd sounded faint and distant. I knew it was only a matter of time before I’d be killed. Memories of Shen’s lessons floated through my head. You do not have to rely on physical build, but on a logical sequence of movements. If you cannot overcome your opponent with one principle of speed, you can beat me with another.
I shook my head into focus and somehow found the strength to stand. Dumitru laughed while he watched me struggle to regain my footing. I slowly circled him and, without warning, kicked him in the head repeatedly and with speed that surprised me. He went down with a crash and the crowd went wild.
Much to my dismay, it was only seconds before the vampire was up on his feet again. Rage and humiliation filled his fiery eyes. He flew into the air and hovered over me while looking down with an evil sneer.
The bell signified the round was over and Dumitru lowered his body. His face softened as his
feet touched the matt only inches away from me. My vampire opponent silently glared at me before he turned and walked out of the ring. I fell in a heap on the mat. The adrenalin was drained from me and I was too exhausted to move.
TWENTY-FIVE
 Mei-Lien opened the door to the closet and signaled for Shen and Dao-Ming to come out. Shen was the first to cautiously creep out with Dao-Ming close behind. They stealthily followed Mei-Lien down the corridor. When the trio reached the great room they hid in the shadows in the back of the room below the balcony.
Shen winced when he saw Dumitru flying through the air and landing on me with such force.
“I trained him in the ancient art of Kung Fu, not this... this... circus act. He will die if this keeps up,” he whispered softly.
His anger was easy to hear, even if his voice was only the faintest of whispers.
Dao-Ming covered her eyes until the referee declared the half-time break. She opened them in time to see two servants dragging my limp body out of the ring and through a small door in the back of the room. The crowd bustled with excitement while Dumitru walked amongst them shaking hands while looking cool and unruffled.
Shen fought the urge to leap from the shadows and attack Dumitru. He might have succumbed to it if Mei-Lien hadn’t grabbed him with brute strength and pulled him behind her. He was taken aback by the force and power displayed by such a frail looking female, but soon forgot it and focused on following the two women along the back wall until they reached the same door I was taken through. He’d held his breath during the entire journey. It was unbelievably unnerving to try to slip past a room full of vampires undetected. He was grateful the crowd was so absorbed in appeasing Dumitru’s ego that they managed their flight across the back of the room and their entrance through the door without mishap.
They found me lying lifeless on the floor. My breathing was decidedly ragged. Shen rushed to me and cradled my head in his lap.
“Dan. Dan, it is Shen. Dan, it is Shen. Can you hear me? Wake up buddy. Come on, wake up,” he urged as quietly as he could.
I coughed, softly, before responding.
“You’re free. How?” I asked weakly.
“There is no time for that now, my friend,” Shen said with relief. “Get up. We have to leave. We have to leave now.”
He did his best to relay the urgency in his request, while keeping his voice as close to a soft whisper as possible.
Dao-Ming and Mei-Lien helped Shen pull my large frame to my feet. I winced when my weight was placed on my left foot. They worked together to help me out a narrow passageway that led to the hallway and past the grand room as quickly and silently as possible.
Dumitru could still be heard entertaining the crowd.
Mei-Lien grew anxious. She’d never attended one of Dumitru’s matches and was unsure how much time we had before they’d be returning for me. She was certain it was only a matter of minutes.
“They will be coming for him soon,” she said. “Follow me.”
We followed Mei-Lien down the hallway to a dark and narrow stairwell. I hesitated. The memories of what awaited me the last time I descended that stairwell were all too fresh. Shen looked me in the eyes, reassuringly. I took a deep breath and nodded my head and then allowed my buddy to practically carry me down the stairwell. Even in my condition and state of mind I couldn’t help being impressed by the strength and fortitude Shen showed in bearing the majority of my muscular weight down the stairs. By the dark circles under his eyes, he would have probably preferred to be carried instead of being the one doing the carrying.
Dao-Ming took one last look over her shoulder before she silently followed behind us. We crept through the cellar and past the cage I’d once occupied and I shuddered. I was eager to be away from the dank confines that housed me not that long ago.
Dao-Ming let out a muted scream as hairy hands lifted her off of her feet. Shen’s face froze in mild shock as he stared up at a creature that was twice his size. He released me to stand on my own volition. With the potion wearing off and him more in control of his senses, it was only seconds before he was thrashing his arms to distract the beast in an effort to get it to free his beloved. The creature tossed Dao-Ming onto the floor and moved with surprising agility toward him.
Mei-Lien pulled Dao-Ming onto her feet and motioned for her to follow, as she swung my arm over her shoulder, wrapped her strong arm around my waist and helped me to continue on. Dao-Ming hesitated. She didn’t want to leave Shen to the mercy of the creature, but unsure how to help him.
Shen motioned for Dao-Ming to follow us. Recognizing that she could be in the way and he needed to be able to focus only on the battle at hand, she hastened to catch up. She fervently hoped Shen would escape the creature unharmed and would soon be able to rejoin us. It would be an unspeakable tragedy to have survived what he’d gone through and come this close to freedom only to die at the hands of that beast.
The creature moved steadily toward Shen, but strangely made no move to attack. He seemed content to observe as Shen backed slowly in the direction we’d gone. Shen’s eyes never left the hairy creature. He was almost through the door we’d left open for him when the creature reached out with surprising speed and grabbed his arm. Shen twirled with all the power and speed he possessed and kicked the wind out of the creature’s chest. The impact caused it to loosen its grip just enough for him to slip free and rush through the door. He slammed it shut and looked for a way to secure it from the outside. To his relief, he spotted a bolt lock up near the top of the door and slid it into place before rushing down the alley to cache up with us. Dao-Ming smiled with relief as he hastened to her side.
The closer we got to the end of the alley, the hazier and heavier the air became. When we walked through what felt like an invisible cobweb, the surroundings shifted from eighteenth century European to twenty-first century Las Vegas.
Fremont Street was as crowded as usual. The dense mass of tourists had stopped most of their activities to enjoy the overhead light show, so it wasn’t difficult for us to lose ourselves in the sea of bodies as we made our way toward Las Vegas Boulevard.
“I need to stop for a minute,” I groaned.
I was breathless, dizzy, and unsure of whether my jaw hurt more than my ankle, or my ankle hurt more than my jaw. I’d been injured many times in matches, but never like this.
“Can you make it to the corner?” Shen asked hopefully. “I will get a cab and get you to the hospital.”
He was concerned. He could only imagine the damage the impact such attacks like the ones Dumitru gave me did to my body.
Mei-Lien reeled at the suggestion.
“No hospital!” she exclaimed in their native tongue. She looked directly at Shen. “You need to get out of here. Leave the city. They will come after you and do to you worse than they did to your uncle.”
The brief reprieve was enough for me to be able to regain my bearings. Unsure of what Mei-Lien was saying, but understanding she felt the hospital was a bad idea, I steeled myself to continue.
“I can make it. Let’s go,” I said as I limped on ahead of them.


TWENTY-SIX
 It was almost an hour before we made it back to our hotel room. I fell onto one of the two queen sized beds that dominated the room. Mei-Lien wet a cloth and wiped some blood from the gash on my bruised temple while Shen and Dao-Ming gathered our things.
Shen and I had returned to suitcases filled with clothes and necessities. This wasn’t the case for the women.
“See if you can get these to stay on,” Shen said as he offered a pair of his sandals to Dao-Ming. “They will not let you on an airplane barefoot.” He looked at the robe she was wearing and added, “I better give you some clothes too.”
Dao-Ming took the sandals and slipped them on. They were several sizes too big. Shen handed her a shirt and pants and she giggled as she put them on. She stood in front of the mirror; first smiling at the thought of wearing Shen’s clothes and then knitting her brows together as she realized how precarious everything was hanging on her body. It looked as if the pants would slip off at any moment. To our surprise, she ripped the robe she’d worn into strips and made a braided belt for the pants and ties for the sandals that actually looked like they might be a fashion statement. Shen smiled proudly at her ingenuity in a crises situation.
I looked over at Mei-Lien.
“What about her?” I asked Shen.
Mei-Lien looked at me with mild despair while she struggled to express herself in English. She found the language not to her liking and very difficult to remember; especially when she was upset or under pressure.
“Is too late for me. I grow fangs. No saving me while Wadim lives. You go,” she said adamantly while shaking her head. “Save yourselves.”
Shen grabbed my thongs from my suitcase, along with another of his shirts and a pair of his shorts and tossed them to Mei-Lien. She held them for a brief moment. Her eyes met mine, as if to convey how useless it was to try to save her, while she silently and obediently put them on. Like Dao-Ming, they hung on her slender body, so she followed suit with creating a belt and ties from her robe.
Shen moved next to Mei-Lien and touched her arm tenderly. The gesture was so sincere it jolted her emotions and she had to fight back her tears.
“Wadim mentioned there is one thing that will kill him. Do you know what that one thing is?” he asked softly in English so I could understand.
“Only rumors,” she replied hesitantly. She also spoke in English as a courtesy to me.
Shen and I exchanged looks while Dao-Ming calmly approached Mei-Lien.
“You must tell them,” she said in a voice that was soft, but firm.
Mei-Lien shook her head and said, “Is impossible,” she said.
Dao-Ming grabbed Mei-Lien’s hand and gave her a pleading look. Mei-Lien tried to relax. It was clear they wanted to speak in English so I could understand what was happening. She needed to relax enough to allow herself a stronger handle on this foreign language that she disliked so much but was forced to speak for over a year. She had to try to get us to understand the true impact of our situation.
“Is no good. You will never find who you need,” she told us. Her words sounded defeated.
I moved next to Mei-Lien and spoke gently.
“If Wadim is destroyed, what happens to you?” I asked.
“Maybe I will live or maybe I will die,” she replied. “We will see how long it takes to finish my turning. If I turn soon and do not feed on blood, then I die. Of this I am certain.”
“How often did they feed you their blood?” Dao-Ming asked.
Tempted to speak in their native language, Dao-Ming respected my presence and spoke anxiously in English. She knew fully well what would happen once Mei-Lien turned completely. We would all be at risk in her company. She’d heard, while in the stables, that it took longer to turn if you were fed sparingly.
“Enough for fangs,” Mei-Lien replied as she showed her nubs to the room.
She spoke as clearly as possible. She wanted to be certain I understood completely what was transpiring. She sensed Dao-Ming’s fear and understood it. Once she’d fully turned she couldn’t guarantee she’d be able to resist our blood. She’d be an animal in many ways; a predator and us her prey. She could only hope we were far away from her before it happened.
“You’ve been fed, but you haven’t fed yet,” I said. “So, your human side must still be in control. After all, you helped us, right?”
My hopeful eyes searched for reassurance from Mei-Lien. I wanted… no, I needed her to be alright.
“Is harder and harder to fight it,” she said.
It was obvious to us all that Mei-Lien was at the end of her endurance. Shen moved in front of her and lifted her chin to face him and then took her hands.
“Mei-Lien, look at me,” he said gently. “Do you want to be like them?” She shook her head while a single tear slid down her cheek. He couldn’t help admiring how beautiful she was, even in this emaciated condition. She must have been a sight to behold before Wadim got his hands on her. “If Wadim is destroyed, you have a chance,” he continued. “You could live. You have not turned yet. You must try. Please tell us what we must do. You must have heard something. Some gossip being whispered? Anything?”
“Tell us everything you know,” I said eagerly. “Think hard.”
I put my arm around her and she fell against my chest. Dao-Ming handed her a tissue to wipe her eyes. After a few moments of tense silence, she began her story.
“They whisper through den. No one knows truth for certain, but I believe is correct because I hear it many times from many vampires,” she said in slow, carefully enunciated words. “I will tell and then you will see why you can do nothing.
“In the year fourteen-hundred and thirty-one, a son was born to noblewoman in Romania. She named him Vlad. He was son of Vlad who was member of Dracul order. This means Devil. Dracula is true son of devil.”
“When young Vlad grew, he became prince of land. He was evil prince. Is said he killed over one-hundred-thousand people. His wickedness ran deep. One time, he filled his banquet room with peasants from his land and fed them like kings. When their bellies were full, he ordered the doors locked and sent peasants to death by fire. He liked best to stick victims with stake and watch them die slowly.
“Many wars were fought to beat him, but his wicked ways kept him strong and he kept enemies back. Then, King Mathias Hunyadi beat him in battle and put him to prison for life. Soon he died.” Mei-Lien paused. Speaking such a long speech in English was very taxing on her. Dao-Ming sympathized with her struggle and offered to translate the story for her if she preferred to continue in their native tongue but she declined the offer. She wanted to be the one to tell the story completely. She drew a deep breath and continued.
“It is said Vlad did not die. Instead, he made pact with Dracul. Word spread through village. Vlad gave his soul in exchange for freedom from prison. To calm village, king’s best general, Stefan Tugurlan, ordered grave open to show people Vlad’s dead body and prove him no more threat, but grave was empty. Vlad and coffin were gone.
“Dracul set Vlad free to roam earth and continue his cruelty. He does not stick people with stakes. Now he sticks with his long, sharp fangs and bleeds them to death. Sometimes quick, sometimes slow. He drinks their blood for eternal life and gives their souls to Dracul as payment. Since Dracul made him, he is called Dracula.”
“Tugurlan?” I said in a voice that was barely audible.
Mei-Lien looked at me quizzically. Dao-Ming asked if she wanted to take a break but she shook her head and continued with her story.
“Dracula terrorized lands. During big feast of St. Michael, King Mathias prayed for peace and protection from son of devil. St. Michael gave General Tugurlan and sons of Tugurlan, and future sons power to destroy Dracula and his offspring in same way Dracula destroyed so many when alive… with stake. They must put wooden stake through his heart.”
Mei-Lien pounded her chest for emphasis.
“Dracula learned of this and ran to hills of China near Tibetan border to hide. Transylvania was free from his terror. Tugurlan and his sons never used their power.
“As Dracula grew stronger and more used to new self, he took daughters of Emperors and Kings for brides and peasant girls for lovers. Over time, stories of Tugurlan’s gift to kill Dracula became just stories. After several Tugurlan generations died and knowledge was lost, Dracula moved back to his beloved Transylvania. To be safe, he killed all Tugurlan blood he found. Some escaped and ran to other countries and only whisper of General Tugurlan to children in bedtime stories. This is why Wu and Wu ancestors fight and fight and never win. They are not Tugurlan blood. Their victory is false. Vampire looks dead for little while, and then lives again. You must be Tugurlan blood to really destroy vampires.”
Mei-Lien took a deep breath. Her speech pattern gave away to the fact that she was clearly growing tired, but she continued.
“Wadim is bastard son of peasant girl. He is angry with Dracula for not turning his mother vampire and marrying her and keeping him bastard. For centuries he worked to make mutation. He seeks Dracula’s favor and hopes this will raise him in father’s eyes. He is true first born. He wishes to be better than Dracula’s sons from wives. He wishes to show Dracula he is more than bastard son.”
No one noticed my ashen face as I walked to the far end of the room and quietly made a call on my cell phone. My voice was barely audible in the background.
Shen recalled Wadim’s taunting at the dinner table.
“Wadim said a stake in the heart will not kill him,” he mused.
Mei-Lien nodded.
“Wadim speaks truth. Many men have tried and failed. Only Tugurlan can put stake in heart and kill,” she explained. “Your stake will only put to sleep for short time. Then he rises again.”
I hung up and robotically moved to sit back down next to Mei-Lien. Noticing my odd look, she stroked my cheek.
“What is it?” she asked.
“Are you alright, my friend? You look like you have seen a ghost,” Shen said.
He didn’t like my coloring. It had started to come back after we’d reached our hotel room but now looked off again. I was known to recover from fights quicker than most. Even though this beating was the worst Shen witnessed me enduring, he had hopes I’d recover soon and be my old self again. My face looked ashen and he wondered about internal injuries. He could only imagine the pain I was in.
“My great grandmother came from Romania,” I stammered. “Her name was Eliza, but they called her Liza. My mother was named Liza, in her honor.” I stared into space as I spoke. “I was very young when my great grandmother passed, but I remember her telling tales of her ancestors and how they protected their land from an evil lord. I just called my mother to make sure I was correct. My great grandmother’s father was John Tugurlan, the great, great, great grandson of General Stefan Tugurlan and the nephew of another powerful general for the king, Jonas Tugurlan. General Jonas Tugurlan switched alliances and assisted an evil warlord in a battle to conquer the land and died soon after that. The evil warlord was Count Dracula.
“King Mathias rose up against the Count and imprisoned him. Stefan Tugurlan was so ashamed about his brother’s participation and comradeship with the evil Count Dracula that he vowed never to utter the name Jonas Tugurlan again.
When my family moved to the states they shortened the name to Tugur. Much of our customs have been watered down or lost and many stories that were once family history have become bedtime stories.”
Shen broke the silent shock of the room as he stammered. “Are… are you saying...”
“I am a descendent of General Stefan Tugurlan,” I said softly.
TWENTY-SEVEN
 The patch on his eye and an exaggerated limp gave Shen’s uncle the appearance of a sea worn pirate as he walked down the street with two other Chinese men of similar age. Even with his handicaps, he was still a force to be reckoned with. When Dumitru and three other vampires suddenly appeared in front of them, his demeanor remained calm and unruffled.
“Where is your nephew?” Dumitru jeered as he landed softly on the sidewalk and blocked their way.
“How do you exist? I thought you were destroyed along with your father,” Shen’s uncle said calmly.
All three men were shocked to see Dumitru, but not for the same reasons. Two, because he was obviously a vampire and one because he thought he’d destroyed him.
Dumitru threw his head back as his laughter rang through the night.
“Such an arrogant old man you are,” he sneered. “You thought you could destroy my father and me? What is even funnier is that, until recently, my father thought you are dead.” A deep noise that resembled a growl came from his throat as he continued, “That can be corrected. First, where is Wu Shen?”
Although taken aback with surprise to see one of the very same vampires he thought he’d destroyed standing before him, the old man was more concerned at the realization that the vampire clan behind the disappearances of so many Chinese immigrants, including Dao-Ming, belonged to them.
He hid his emotions well as he stood firm, looked Dumitru squarely in the eyes, and said, “He is not here.”
His heart sank when he realized he’d sent his nephew into such a perilous situation. Wadim’s clan was the worst of the worst. He wondered if they could even be considered vampires at this point. As far as he was concerned, they were carnivorous monsters.
He hadn’t heard from Shen in some time and was fearful as to what might have happened to him. The battle between himself and Wadim had been fierce. He and Shen’s parents were on a short pleasure cruise, when Wadim and a few of his followers attacked their small craft and the ship went up in flames. He suffered severe damage to his leg while personally driving a stake through that monster Wadim’s heart. When he fell into the water he was fortunate enough to fall in near a lifeboat manned by a few survivors. They drifted for some time before being rescued by the coast guard. When the coast guard searched for more survivors, they found none. Shen’s parents were taken by the sea.
“What a pity,” Dumitru snarled as he signaled for the other vampires join him in circling the three old men.

****

Shen was surprised when he stepped off the plane to be greeted by one of his uncle’s oldest friends. The news of his uncle’s death only compounded the trauma of recent events. It was the first time I saw him actually give way and completely lose control of his emotions. His cup finally runneth over. I put my arm around his shoulder as he wept; not just for his uncle, but for everything that occurred thus far.

****

It was as if the entire Chinese community had attended the funeral. Shen recognized only a portion of the people offering their condolences, but he accepted all with the grace and gratitude.
The sun did its best to edge its way through the cloud laden sky as we walked slowly away from the gravesite. Shen did his best to hold it together while he thought of what the last minutes of his uncle’s life must have been like. He hovered close to me in an uncharacteristic manner. I had no idea what actually happened to him at Wadim’s den. Whatever it was, it left scars in him deeper than people could ever realize.
We made our way through the thick crowd to our hired car and got in. Mei-Lien and Dao-Ming followed closely behind. They were careful not to appear as if they were our companions. It was decided that, although we should not be out of each other’s presence for safety’s sake, it was better to not attract undo attention. Shen showing up at his uncle’s funeral with two women -one of them being the woman he was sent to rescue- would have created quite a stir. So, the women dressed in nondescript clothing, covered their heads in mourning cloths, and kept a respectable distance from Shen and me.
None were so naïve as to think that Wadim would take our escape lightly. We’d used up precious planning and escape time to attend the funeral and pay our respects. We needed to move quickly to take care of Wadim and his den once and for all.
The hired car drove around the block and returned to pick up Dao-Ming and Mei-Lien after they’d walked a safe distance from the cemetery. The girls scurried into the back seat. We were finally able to relax our tense bodies as the women snuggled in warm safety between Shen and me.
Shen stared out the window at the familiar sights as the car wove its way through the streets of Queens.
“We cannot stay at my place. They will be looking for us there,” he said.
I knew this to be true, but I was hesitant
to suggest we go to my home. Jessica would be there and she was already upset with me for missing her art show. Explaining Mei-Lien to her would not be easy during the best of circumstances.
My chest ached as I thought of what poor Mei-Lien went through, but even greater when I thought of the longing I still had for her. It seemed abnormal for such a strong connection to have formed over such a brief period of time. It took months of dating Jessica before I could even remotely feel the connection I felt with Mei-Lien. Was it true what they said about soul mates? I’d never paid much attention to such dribble, but perhaps there was some truth behind it. After all, I’d never thought that a vampire was real either. Was Mei-Lien my soul mate? It would explain a lot.
I looked at Mei-Lien. Her pale face was almost ashen. I longed to take her in my arms and protect her from the world; especially from Wadim’s world. I cared deeply for Jessica, but in a different, gentler way. There was something about Mei-Lien that pulled at me from my core. I shrugged heavily. Jessica would have to handle this somehow. I saw no other options. We needed a place to think and plan. Besides, I needed to make a few phone calls to some relatives and collect a few things in preparation of facing Wadim again.
Before I could change my mind, I blurted out, “What about my place?”
“It is probably better than mine,” Shen said, “but I do not think we should stay long.”
Shen was also thinking about the reaction Jessica would have when we showed up at her door. He liked Jessica well enough and felt she made a good companion for me. Under normal circumstances, he would have thought nothing of invading her home like this, but these were not normal circumstances and she’d already expressed her unhappiness about my joining him. Even more so about my missing her art show. He wished we had an alternative place to go to, but he could think of none.
Mei-Lien shifted her weight and I winced. Shen looked at me with concern.
“Your ribs are really sore. How bad are you hurt? We have had no time to check the damage,” he said.
“I’ll live,” I said with more confidence than I felt.
He’d witnessed the beating I took and admired me for managing to keep up with them. My injuries had to be more extensive than I was letting on.
“We need to get you someplace and give you a little time to heal,” he said. When I looked embarrassed about my condition and was about to blow it off with a comment about how fine I was, he continued, “We will all have to be at our best when we face Wadim and his clan again. There can be no more surprises.”
“Speaking of surprises,” I said. “I’m surprised they killed your uncle instead of taking him back to the den or making him a vampire He’s of the same bloodline, right? Why wouldn’t they want him?”
Mei-Lien started to speak and was silence by Dao-Ming, who quickly interjected to answer my question.
“I know the answer to this,” she said. “I have been speaking with Mei-Lien and she told me.” Dao-Ming looked at Mei-Lien and smiled, “May I tell?” At Mei-Lien’s nod she looked at Shen and continued. “Your uncle was your mother’s brother. The bloodline that Wadim seeks is from your father’s side. The story that is that your father taught your uncle what he knew. He had studied with a great vampire tracker from the mountains of China. The tracker was so powerful that no vampire dared to mention his name, and a great celebration was held amongst the vampires upon the news of his death. He could not destroy vampires because he was not of the Tugurlan lineage, but he did great damage that wasn’t reparable. Vampires are very vein. They did not want to fight him for fear of their looks being destroyed.”
Shen nodded.
“Like Wadim losing his toes?” he asked.
“Yes,” she replied. “That and more. Your uncle took to the world of vampire slaying quickly and had many tricks up his sleeve. What he did not realize… what no one realized was that they were only temporarily killing the vampires. Like all the vampires after a stake was put through their Wadim did die. He was believed to have been on the ship when it burned and sank. He resurrected just in time to grab your unconscious parents and his son, Dumitru, and flee the ship to the safety of his hiding place where he could heal his wounds before the sea consumed the burning ship. Much damage was done to Wadim in his fight with your uncle. It took many years to renew full use of his powers.” Dao-Ming held Shen’s hand. “Just as your uncle thought your parents and Wadim were consumed by the sea, Wadim believed your uncle went down in the burning ship. He was so sure he did not bother to check to see if he was correct. He was content with the fact that he had succeeded in capturing the pure bloodline of the Wu clan. When he discovered your existence and that you were being raised by your uncle, he went into a rage and set his men out in search of you both. Capturing me brought you right into his trap.
“Sometimes, Wadim will take someone of strong character and fighting skills, like your uncle, and turn him into a vampire. Instead he ordered your uncle’s death. Your uncle was too strong willed and longtime vampire slayer. He would have never accepted being a vampire. He would have plagued Wadim for eternity as an enemy vampire, sought on revenge. Most vampires are servants of their creator, but your uncle had so much knowledge he would have become a vampire of equality to Wadim. That was something Wadim wanted to avoid at all costs. Since his bloodline was of no value, killing him would have brought great satisfaction to Wadim. Whoever killed him has earned great favor.”
TWENTY-EIGHT
Jessica struggled with her emotions as she stepped away from the door and allowed the group to enter. She accepted my kiss on the cheek with abstract attention.
Mei-Lien and Dao-Ming had changed into clothing that fit them and accentuated their beauty. Mei-Lien hesitated as she watched me kiss Jessica. Her eyes sent a smoldering message to Jessica as she passed that caused a shudder of dread to run through her entire body.
Mei-Lien’s time with me had created a bond between us that Jessica instantly felt. Mei-Lien was married, but it was several years since she’d seen her husband and didn’t know if she’ d see him again before she turned into a vampire and was distanced from human emotion. So much had happened. Even if she didn’t become a vampire, she wouldn’t be returning to him the same woman he’d married. How could she be?
She’d grown attached to me in the short time she’d known me, maybe more than she was to her husband. She didn’t like the thought of sharing me with another woman.
“What’s going on?” Jessica asked.
She eyed Mei-Lien and me as I escorted her to the sofa.
“Dan?” she persisted.
I glanced at Jessica with a pleading look and nodded my head toward the bedroom before returning my attention to Mei-Lien.
“Try to relax,” I said softly. “I’ll be back in a minute.”
Jessica winced at the gentle, almost loving way that I addressed the exotic looking Chinese woman. The tension between Mei-Lien and Jessica didn’t go unnoticed by Shen and Dao-Ming. Nor did Mei-Lien’s triumphant glower, as she watched Jessica follow me into the bedroom.
A gasp escaped Jessica’s pursed lips and she forgot her anger and jealousy when she was the bruises and welts on my chest, back, and stomach when I took off my shirt.
“What happened?” she whimpered. When I didn’t answer, she grabbed my arm firmly. “What’s going on, Dan? Where have you been? What’s happened to you, and who are those women?”
“Can you do me a favor and grab me some clean sweats?” I asked. “Please.”
I hopped into the shower as quickly as my bruised body would allow. I knew I had to tell her the truth and I dreaded it. I needed a shower first. Then, when I felt more human, I’ d face the anger I knew my explanation would rouse in the woman before me.
“This is a joke, right?” she practically hissed.
She knew me all too well and was fully aware the I was stalling, in hopes of avoiding her question. I popped my head from behind the shower curtain and gave her my best pleading look.
“Please,” I said.
Although annoyed, she couldn’t resist my pleading pout so she stomped off to select fresh clothes. I couldn’t remember when I’d taken such a long shower. It not only felt marvelous on my aching muscles, it also prevented me from having to face Jessica and answer questions that I just couldn’t or didn’t want to answer; such as what Mei-Lien was to me. How could I tell Jessica that I she held a very strong hold of my heart and that I was considering the possibility of marriage to her, but Mei-Lien also tugged at my heart strings and had a hold on me that I simply couldn’t explain even to myself? What woman would accept this. What man, for that matter?
The cool water coming out of the shower head indicated that I’d prolonged my conversation as long as I could. I reluctantly turned the water off and grabbed the towel from the hook on the wall. As I came out of the bathroom gently drying my bruised and beaten body, Mei-Lien casually walked into the room. She ignored the look of disbelief on Jessica’s face as she came up to me with confidence and touched my ribs.
“You need bandaging,” she said seductively.
“Just what is going on here?” Jessica complained. She couldn’t decide whether to explode or attack. “Dan? Can you please explain to me why this strange she-wolf seems to feel it’s okay to just barge into our bedroom and start pawing at you?”
Mei-Lien gave Jessica a warning look. Her need for the taste of blood was growing stronger by the minute and this shrew seemed like a good person to have her first feed on. Sensing Mei-Lien’s barely suppressed urge, I took her hand and squeezed it firmly in an attempt to communicate to her that thoughts of this nature weren’t acceptable. My actions calmed Mei-Lien, but enraged Jessica even more.
“I see!” she spat.
Seeing me grab Mei-Lien’s hand in such an intimate fashion was the answer Jessica feared. I’d cheated on her in the past, but I’d never brought the woman home while expecting her to play hostess. Tears flooded her eyes as she lifted her chin defiantly. She turned on her heels and stormed out of the room.
“Hang on, Jess!” I called out as I moved to follow her.
My sudden movement sent a searing pain through my rib cage and I doubled over with pain. Mei-Lien seized the opportunity to guide me to the bed where she could minister my wounds.
“Damn!” I roared; more out of frustration than pain.
Mei-Lien ignored my protests as she prodded and searched for broken bones.
“I find nothing broken but you are bruised big and cut in places. We must care for your wounds or you will not fight good,” she said.
Knowing her words made sense, I surrendered to her ministries. I would have time to deal with Jessica after all of this was over. I could only hope her feelings for me were strong enough to help her understand and get her through whatever was about to occur.
TWENTY-NINE
 Jessica lifted the steaming cup of coffee to her lips as she sat at the kitchen counter next to Shen. Her eyes narrowed while she pretended not to monitor Mei-Lien as she stood behind me at the kitchen table. She was sensually massaging my shoulders while I sat immersed in deep conversation with Dao-Ming. Jessica was only half-listening to Shen, who was doing his best to explain what was happening. When he finished his story he sat silently while waiting for her response.
“Let me get this straight,” she said with disdain. “Vampires kidnapped a bunch of illegal immigrants, of which these two women were a part, and you and Dan went to their rescue. Now you are all on the run. Because you came here, I am also at risk from these vampires. Is that right? Have I got it right?”
Jessica’s words brought Dao-Ming and me out of our deep conversation.
“It sounds crazy, doesn’t it?” I said nervously. I was all too familiar with Jessica’s tone of voice and knew she was struggling hard to maintain a cool composure. Her glowering stare brought my focus to Mei-Lien’s hands on my shoulders and I gently removed them. “It’s true, Jess. I swear it.”
“Come on...” Jessica said as she gave Shen a condescending smile and then turned back to me.
She’d always found Shen to be of sound mind and mannerisms and was genuinely surprised by his participation in this charade to disguise one of my flings. She thought she’d won that battle at least. I may not want to marry her, but she really thought I’d decided to at least be faithful to her. Her heart felt like lead.
“He’s telling the truth, Jess,” I persisted. “It’s for real.”
My voice was almost pleading. I needed her to understand and accept what we were going through. Knowing that she understood and supported me would make what we were about to have to do so much easier for me.
Jessica’s hand noticeably trembled as she lit a cigarette, while letting out an exasperated, “Right.”
This was such an absurd story that she couldn’t even believe she was hearing it. What got into me anyway? I’d never stooped this far to cover up my antics in the past. The only thing stopping her from venting her rage on me was the fact that we weren’t alone. Even if she could have easily pulled every strand of Mei-Lien’s long lustrous platinum hair out of her head, Dao-Ming seemed a lovely and respectable young woman who was absolutely infatuated with Shen. If she wasn’t mistaken, they were engaged. Dao-Ming’s pleasant demeanor made her feel even more the shrew for feeling the way she did. But then, it was obviously me, not Shen, who was involved with this viperous female.
I watched Jessica in disbelief as she took a long drag on the cigarette and then coughed profusely.
“When did you start smoking?” I asked.
She scowled and refused to look at me as she struggled to catch her breath.
“Let’s see... today,” she replied bitterly.
“Today? When did you buy the cigarettes?” I continued.
“They’re Jackie’s,” she offered. “She left them here after bringing me home from the art show. You remember the art show, don’t you? The one my work was in? The one you promised you wouldn’t miss?”
Dao-Ming stood up. She was eager to change the subject. She’d been through enough without having to endure a lover’s quarrel as well. Her culture believed in keeping things of this nature private and she was still adjusting to the ways of her new home.
“It is getting dark out and I am very tired. Will we be staying here?” she asked.
I looked at Shen for a moment before giving a quick nod. Outraged at the thought of being expected to play hostess to Mei-Lien, Jessica dramatically snuffed out her cigarette and jumped up. Her face was distorted with anger.
“Well, I’m out of here. Everyone, please make yourself comfortable,” she said as she grabbed her jacket, handbag, and keys. She looked at me as if she was giving me an opportunity to tell her to stay and the others, Mei-Lien in particular, to leave. When I remained silent she added, “You kids have a good time.”
She rushed toward the door. She didn’t want her tears to be noticed. I finally came to my senses and intercepted her as she turned the doorknob.
“Baby, come on... don’t... This is serious,” I urged in a soothing tone I hoped would calm her down.
“I’m sure it is,” she said as she glowered at Mei-Lien. “What about her? Is she serious too?”
“No... Yes... I mean, she’s part of it,” I said with dismay.
I felt as if I were falling down a well with no rope for safety.
“Did you sleep with her?” Jessica’s tone indicated she already knew the answer.
I lowered my head. What could I say? How could I explain what happened during my captivity and my relationship with Mei-Lien in a way that she could accept? I couldn’t even understand it myself.
“Right,” she said.
The look on my face was all Jessica needed. She wasted no time slamming the door behind her. I stared in silence until Mei-Lien walked quietly up behind me and led me back to my seat at the table. I shrugged in resignation and sat, dejectedly, while she massaged my temples. It was probably just as well to have Jessica out of harm’s way for now. I’d try to reason with her later when I was able to make more sense out of it all. At least I wouldn’t have to worry about her safety when it came time to face Wadim.
I pulled out the sofa bed for Dao-Ming and Shen. Her head barely hit the pillow before she was sound asleep. Shen stroked his love’s hair away from her young face. So much had happened in such a short period of time. Their lives would be altered forever.
There was no other place to put Mei-Lien except in my bed with me. I hesitated. I felt guilty about having her sleep in the bed I shared with Jessica, but now wasn’t the time to think of such things. We all needed to get as much rest as we could. Tomorrow our plans to defeat Wadim would begin to play out.

****

The sun peeking through the half-closed blinds created a dusty haze over our sleeping bodies as Jessica barged into the bedroom. My quick response to her loud gasp saved me from the full impact of the powerful blow from her clenched fists. Although disoriented at first, it took only moments for Mei-Lien to pull herself together in defense against Jessica’s enraged attack. Adrenaline pumped through Mei-Lien’s veins, causing the animalistic urge to overtake her body. A scream of sheer terror escaped Jessica’s lips just before she fainted from the sight of Mei-Lien’s piercing fangs as she opened her mouth wide and positioned herself for the fatal bite. I grabbed Mei-Lien’s arm and jerked her to the side only seconds before her young fangs would have penetrated Jessica’s neck.
“Mei-Lien, get control of yourself. Now!” I said.
My voice sounded far more commanding and confident than I felt. The sight of just how far Mei-Lien had turned was unsettling; especially since I’d lain next to her all night. Dao-Ming’s fearful whispers about our safety in her company rang in my ears. Was it becoming too late? Would I have to kill her, along with Wadim? I sincerely hoped not. There had been so much sorrow already. I silently begged the powers that be not to have to kill this woman who I finally admitted to myself I’d begun to love, even if she was becoming a creature of the night.
Mei-Lien watched from the opposite side of the room as Dao-Ming tended to Jessica while she lay on the sofa with a cloth over her eyes. She was still seething inside from Jessica’s recent attack. Dao-Ming locked eyes with Mei-Lien, sending her a message of support and understanding and Mei-Lien’s body noticeably softened. Even though Dao-Ming feared the worst about Mei-Lien’s condition, she felt a loyal comradeship with her. How could she feel otherwise after all they’d been through?
Shen poured himself a cup of coffee and raised his eyebrows as I pulled a bottle of whiskey from the cupboard.
“I may be mistaken,” he said softly, “but is it not a little early for that?”
Shen didn’t mean to criticize me, but he also didn’t want me to lose my senses at such a crucial time.
“I need it to dull the pain,” I said as I held my hand to my chest for emphasis.
“Do your ribs hurt that bad?” Shen asked with concern. “I knew you were injured, my friend, but I did not realize how severely injured.”
Not only was Shen concerned for my welfare, but he was also concerned that we wouldn’t be able to tackle the task at hand if I didn’t heal rapidly. Our window of opportunity was small; of this he was certain.
“My soul hurts that bad,” I informed him as I tossed down my drink and poured another. “Are you scared?”
Shen reached for my drink and downed it before I realized what he’d done.
“I am terrified,” he replied.
I poured myself another drink and grabbed a glass for Shen.
“I’m sorry about your uncle,” I offered sincerely.
“He was like a father,” he replied.
He didn’t try to hide his pain as he accepted another drink. This time he drank sparingly.
“Let’s get somewhere safe so we can finish figuring out a plan,” I said as I tossed my drink back and slammed the empty glass on the counter for emphasis.
“What about Jessica?” he asked as he glanced into the living room to see she was now sitting up with Dao-Ming’s assistance.
“She has an aunt in Baltimore,” I said. “I’ll send her there until I can straighten this whole mess out.
“She is a beautiful woman,” Shen mused.
I was unsure if he was speaking to me, or to himself.
“Yes, she is,” I replied.
“So is Mei-Lien,” he continued.
I looked puzzled. I had no idea where this conversation was leading. I lowered my voice to just above a whisper as I peered into the living room to make sure I wasn’t being overheard.
“I’ve never felt so drawn to a woman before,” I said. “It’s different than with Jess. It’s weird. Maybe it’s the vampire side of her pulling at me, I don’t know.” I heaved a deep sigh. “Do you think she’ll make it out of this?”
“I am not sure,” he replied.
He wondered which woman I was referring to but said no more.


****

The flight attendant grabbed the microphone and announced that rows eighteen through twenty-seven could now board. Jessica stood up, grabbed her carry-on bag, and got in line to await her turn. Although it was obvious she’d have preferred I left her alone, I moved to stand next to her.
We’d sat next to each other in silence for the better part of an hour with our bodies almost, but not quite, touching. It just seemed like there was nothing to say. When the flight attendant made her announcement, it was like a cue for Jessica. She suddenly had plenty to say, with no time to say it. Her anger and frustration mounted as she turned to me and spoke in a forced hush.
“I thought you were done wandering. You really had me fooled,” she hissed.
“I’m not wandering,” I insisted.
I shook my head. Why had I lied to her? Of course I’d wandered. Mei-Lien and I’d made love so many times I couldn’t even count them. Yet, I didn’t consider it wandering. I didn’t know what to call it. I was so confused on so many things. One thing I knew for sure was that no matter how I felt about Mei-Lien, it was Jessica I wanted by my side when this was all over. I needed to make her see that.
“What did I witness this morning,” she snapped, “some kind of Chinese therapy?”
I felt as if I was caught in a trap with no way out. How could I explain this to her? It was unexplainable.
“We were only sleeping,” I said.
Even to me my words sounded weak.
“I’m no fool,” she said with refrained hostility. “Don’t ever play me for a fool.”
Jessica was almost hyperventilating from her frustration.
I knew my lovely Jessica was anything but a fool. I also knew that she was able to see right through my lies, but I had to try. Maybe someday I’d be able to explain it to her; and to myself. For now, I just needed to make sure she’d be there when this was all over.
“How can I make you understand?” I practically begged. “Hell, I don’t even understand.” I held Jessica’s hands to my chest. “Honey, please listen to me for just a minute. We’ve been together through so much. You’ve tolerated so much from me. More than I deserve.” She struggled to pull her hands away, but I held firm. I just had to make sure she would be there when this nightmare was over. I just couldn’t imagine life without her. “I was confused back then, but now you have me body and soul. Really. Life with you is beautiful. It’s perfect.”
“And the Chinese harlot?” she demanded.
She waited to hear me tell her that Mei-Lien meant nothing to me and that her fears were all based on silly insecurities, but it didn’t happen. Instead I just shrugged. Things were so complicated.
“It isn’t the same this time,” I said. “Believe me. It’s, it’s weird. “
The flight attendant gave the last call for boarding and a disappointed and disheartened Jessica gently pulled her hands free. She looked me in the eyes long and hard as if to burn my image in her memory, before silently turning to board the plane without looking back. I felt like crying. Instead, I drew a deep breath, steeled my shoulders, and walked somewhat dejectedly to the airport coffee shop where Shen, Dao-Ming, and Mei-Lien were waiting. I slid into the booth next to Mei-Lien and accepted the cup of coffee she offered me gratefully. I knew that, as difficult as it was for me to say good-bye to Jessica and put her on the airplane, what lay ahead was intense and it was best to have her safe; no matter how badly I wanted to hold her and kiss her right now. I made a silent wish that I’d make it out of this mess and find a way to make it all right with her.

THIRTY
 The car wound its way down old route seventeen just outside of the quaint village of Owego, New York. I took on the task of driving while the others dozed on and off. I thought it a pity that they were all slumbering and missing out on the beauty of the hillsides. The trees were blanketed with crimson reds and faded greens. I’d opened a window to enjoy the smell of fall but was unanimously outvoted and forced to close it again.
I pulled the car aside to consult my map. It had been a considerable length of time since I’d traveled this route and my memory wasn’t serving me as well as I’d hoped. Construction and new building had only added to my confusion. I relaxed and smiled when I realized I was less than a mile from the village limits and the local hotels. The trip took longer than we’d anticipated and I was eager to get out and stretch my legs. I was grateful Shen had the foresight to remember to call ahead and reserve our room.
I pulled the car into the parking lot of the hotel, turned off the engine, and sat back with my eyes closed. Feeling the car stop, the others roused. They quickly assessed our surroundings, before getting out and stretching in a cat-like manner.
Shen stretched his arms out and tilted his face to the sky while filling his lungs with the crisp fall air.
“It feels like rain,” he half-spoke, half- yawned.
Dao-Ming stood next to him. She was openly elated at the sense of freedom she felt.
“That would be nice. It cleans the air,” she mused.
“Is your cousin close?” Shen asked as he popped his head through my window and put his face in front of mine.
Undaunted by his mischievous act of putting his face in my space, I pointed toward the colorful mountains.
“If I remember correctly, he lives about fifteen minutes in that direction,” I said. I gently shoved his face back out of my window with the flat of my hand and opened the door to eased my stiff body out of the car. “I’ll call him after we’ve checked in and you’ve brushed your teeth and gotten rid of that sleep breath.”
Shen gave a short chuckle while holding the palm of his hand before his mouth to check on his breath. He made a face, nodded, and opened the trunk. I grabbed two small luggage bags from the trunk and joined the group as we made our way across the almost empty parking lot to the hotel lobby.

****


It wasn’t long after we’d entered our room before Dao-Ming settled in to watch television. Mei-Lien stretched her body across the bed, laid her head in Dao-Ming’s lap, and fell back to sleep.
Shen smiled at how adaptable Dao-Ming had proven to be. His heart went out to poor Mei-Lien, who seemed to be getting weaker by the hour. His concern for our welfare in her company grew stronger as he searched her features for signs of change. He could only hope that we were able to destroy Wadim before the final change in her took place.
He joined me out on the balcony. We were fortunate to be assigned a room that overlooked the back lawns along the river. Music floated up to from the dining area. It mixed with the chatter of hotel guests who were making their way across the well-manicured lawn to the dining patio.
The knock at the door caught both our attention and we scurried off to answer. Dao-Ming’s focus never wavered from the television as Shen and I competed to be the first to answer. He reached the door first and peered through the peep hole at the tall man standing in the hallway. He didn’t recognize him, but assumed he was my cousin. He backed away to allow me the opportunity to look through the peep hole. I smiled and quickly opened the door.
Bruce was a good decade older than me, but even for a man in his late thirties he looked like, and easily kept up with, men in their twenties. His tall, burly hulk bolted through the doorway to embrace me in a boisterous family reunion.
He was surprised when he felt me wince while I endured his usual bear hug and he released me quickly.
“Whoa, what’s going on here?” he asked with concern. “You’re usually up for much more than I just dished out.”
I was fully prepared to share all the details of what was happening with him. We’d need him to completely understand our situation and believe it to be true in order to solicit his help but blurting it out immediately seemed ill timed. I much preferred having us all settled on the balcony with a glass of whisky in our hands first. I turned my focus on Shen.
“I want you to meet a good friend of mine, Wu Shen,” I said. “Shen, this crazy coot is my favorite cousin, Bruce Jameson Tugurlan.” I gave my cousin a hearty slap on the back and laughed, “But you can call him Bruce.”
Shen looked from Bruce to me and back again. There was little resemblance between the two of us in
build, but our facial features could have denoted us as brothers.
Bruce gripped Shen’s hand in a vigorous handshake that equaled his deep bellied laugh.
“Cousin three times removed, I’m happy to say,” he said with a twinkle in his eye. “I wouldn’t want to lay too strong a claim to being related to such an ugly mug as this one!” He cupped my chin and moved his face next to mine. “He’s got some claim to aristocracy, but mine is stronger. Can’t you tell?”
Shen liked Bruce right away. His jovial demeanor was infectious. It helped lift some of the heaviness that burdened us for so long.
I rolled my eyes in amusement as Bruce feigned an aristocratic air when he kissed the hand of Mei-Lien first and then Dao-Ming during my introduction. The women giggled as Bruce made a show of reluctance to leave their company and follow Shen and me out onto the balcony where we could talk in private.
We leaned against the railing of the balcony and took a moment to admire the brilliant moon, as it reflected its soft beams onto the lazily flowing river. Bruce lit a cigarette and drew deeply on it, taking his time to release the smoke in a slow and steady stream.
“Okay,” he said. “Now, are you going to tell me why you look like shit and what the big emergency is?”
Dao-Ming stepped through the doorway holding a tray with a bottle of whiskey and three glasses filled with the amber liquid. Shen thanked her fondly and distributed the glasses amongst us. She smiled before slipping back inside and closing the sliding door behind her. Bruce’s look of admiration for her beauty didn’t go unnoticed by Shen. He smiled with pride.
“Damn, those are good looking women… attentive too. Where can I get me one?” Bruce asked.
He was glad Shen wasn’t the jealous type. There was nothing worse than an insecure man around a bunch of beautiful women; especially when one of those women belonged to him.
I flashed a look of apology at Shen, who smiled and nodded in amusement.
“We need to be serious,” I snapped at Bruce.
Bruce’s eyes twinkled with mischief.
“I am serious,” he replied. When he realized I wasn’t going to join him in his humor his mood sobered. “Alright, alright, let’s get serious. Tell me why you’re here.”
Bruce listened to our story with disbelief. He visibly cringed when I removed my shirt to display the wounds I’d received at the hands of the vampires. Dao-Ming came to the door with a fresh whiskey bottle Bruce bypassed the glass and took a long drink directly from the bottle. He’d never known me to lie, so this must be the truth, but it was going to take a lot more whiskey than what his glass could hold to help him come to terms with such a story.


THIRTY-ONE
Shen stepped onto the balcony with freshly brewed coffee for Bruce as he sat staring out at the river while the sun peeked over the mountainside. He craned his head passed Shen to look into the room, where I lay sprawled on the bed.
“Is he still sleeping?” he asked.
“He is pretty worn out. He will probably sleep for a long time if we do not disturb him,” Shen offered.
He knew me well enough to know that, if allowed undisturbed rest, my body would heal itself quickly. He was in no hurry to rouse me.
“So, the bedtime stories were true,” Bruce mused. “Wow. I’m having such a hard time grasping this.”
He ripped open the sugar packs Shen placed on his saucer and shook them into his coffee.
“I know,” Shen said. He watched Bruce reach over to grab the creamer from the tray he’d set on the small patio table that rested between their chairs before saying, “I feel responsible. He went to Las Vegas to help me. It should have been me fighting, not him.”
“Don’t let it eat at you,” Bruce said. He focused on stirring his coffee before tasting it cautiously. Satisfied, he stood up and stretched his body as far as he could. His back made a loud cracking noise as he did. “Ah! That felt good.” He clapped his hands together and rubbed them vigorously. “We need to get you kids out of here. I have a cabin in the woods that’s pretty comfy and secluded. What do you think about staying there for a few days? We need time for Dan to heal and to put a plan together.”
“That sounds like a good idea,” Shen said with enthusiastic relief.
He’d been a coil of nerves while he watched and waited to see if Bruce would believe our story and decide to help. The offer of a secluded place to lay low for a little while was a welcomed bonus.
“Good,” Bruce said. “I’ll take you there and then I’m going back to my place. I have an old diary that belonged to our great grandfather Tugurlan. I want to see if there’s anything in there that will help.” He gave a slight chuckle and scratched his chin, “I take back all the nasty shit I ever said about my grandmother when she forced us to learn to read our mother tongue.”
Bruce shuffled to the door while Shen gently shook me awake. When he was sure I was rousing, he whispered softly in Dao-Ming’s sleeping ear. Dao-Ming rustled Mie-Lien and spoke to her in their native language. The two women immediately began gathering our belongings together in preparation of leaving while Bruce watched them admiringly.

****

The sun was just setting as Bruce’s jeep made its way up the rutted drive toward his cabin. It was almost a week since he’d settled us in there to hide out. The women’s touch made the place so inviting he was actually contemplating moving there permanently. Since it was fairly well insulated it could easily be used year round. The only drawback was the long private drive that wound up the mountainside in the dead of winter.
Shen stood on the porch watching the dusty leaves fly, as Bruce’s jeep bounced to a stop in front of him. Bruce leaped out and grabbed a bag of groceries while Shen walked forward to take it from him. Bruce handed the overstuffed bag to his new friend and then followed him inside with the remaining two bags. He stopped in his tracks when he saw me sleeping in the chair that was placed far too close to the fire blazing in the field stone fireplace. My face was turning a scarlet red from the heat. He looked at Shen quizzically.
“He says he is cold,” Shen said with concern.
He’d tried to move me several times but was I wasn’t cooperative so he decided to leave well enough alone.
“It’s cool, but not that cool. Is he sick?” Bruce asked with concern.
He’d never known me to be down for such an extended period of time. Then, he’d never known me to have had such extensive injuries either. He would have liked to have me checked out at the local hospital, or at least a walk-in clinic, but I refused. I was afraid it would bring too much attention to our whereabouts in case Wadim was searching for us. Since his vampires had made it as far as Queens to kill Shen’s uncle, I didn’t want to take any chances.
“He just needs rest,” Shen assured him. “He needs to be able to sleep so he can repair his body and regain his strength. Then he will be fine. I have seen him heal before after a serious injury.”
“Was he hurt this bad before?” Bruce asked. He didn’t wait for Shen’s response before continuing. “Well, we want him to rest, not roast. Right?”
He motioned for Shen to help him drag my chair back away from the fireplace. His strong arms practically lifted the chair on his own, which was something Shen was grateful for. He was still working on regaining his old self after his overwhelming drug induced ordeal in Wadim’s den.
I never stirred.
Once satisfied that I was a safe distance from the fire, Bruce turned his attention to the groceries they’d brought inside.
“I picked up enough food to get you by for a few days,” he said. “I tried to get food that I thought you’d enjoy eating.”
Dao-Ming and Mei-Lien immediately set to the task of unpacking the groceries. Broad, grateful smiles spread across their faces as they pulled out rice, fresh vegetables, and several whole chickens. Mei-Lien immediately pulled out a pot and started filling it with water while Dao-Ming moved to the cutlery and began selecting what she’d need to prepare the vegetables and meat for cooking.
Feeling pleased with himself for such obvious approval from the women, Bruce went back out to the car and returned with a worn, and rather old looking, leather bound book. He waved it at Shen and motioned for him to join him on the porch.
The oversized shadows from the moths circling the porch light made Shen edgy. They seemed a grim reminder of our situation. He stared out into the trees, searching for signs that we may not be alone. He’d feared it for some time now, but so far all was well.
Bruce opened the old book and motioned for Shen to sit in the chair next to him.
“I couldn’t remember where I put this old thing. It took the better part of the week to root it out,” he said as he flipped it open enthusiastically. “I found something in this old family diary that could help. I’m pretty rusty, but I think I’ve got the gist of what’s written here.” He turned to a page he’d marked. “It’s my great, great grandfather’s diary. He talks about King Mathias and the noble gift that was given by St. Michael to General Tugurlan. Apparently, the good Count Dracula was a chicken shit and disappeared before my ancestors could take advantage of this gift and kill the bastard.”
“I do not understand why he would run,” Shen mused. “From what I have heard, he was pretty powerful and beat down his enemies.”
This was a question that plagued Shen since he’d first heard the story.
“It says here that in the night Dracula is formidable, but he has one major weak point. He can’t abide daylight. The sun will destroy him. He sleeps in his coffin during the day, which makes him vulnerable.” Bruce skimmed the pages a little more. “Hmm... It says he prowls for his victims in the night. If he’d stuck around, my ancestors would have nailed him in his sleep. The son-of-a-bitch stayed away long enough for generations of Tugurlan to be born and die. He didn’t return to the old country until he was sure we’d lost the knowledge and understanding of how to kill his sorry ass.” Bruce pounded his chest. “A wooden stake through the heart is all it takes. The trick is that it has to be by the hand of the Tugurlan bloodline or it doesn’t hold. If done by someone other than a Tugurlan, it only has a temporary effect. The killer thinks he sees the vampire destroyed, but as soon as the poor bastard leaves that son-of-a-bitch reconstructs.” Bruce stood up and paced the porch. “Dan’s in no shape to handle this. I’ll have to do the job.”
“It is not that easy,” Shen said. He hated to burst Bruce’s bubble but it was better to tell him everything than to have him find out after the fact. “Wadim has managed to mutate myself and those in his den. He eats the flesh of humans. This allows him to be able to go out in the daylight. So you see, he is not going to be an easy target sleeping in his coffin.”
Bruce sat back down and stared at Shen in disbelief.
Shen stood up and patted him on his shoulder.
“I would not discount your cousin, my friend,” he said confidently. “I have seen him take powerful beatings and be back up in no time.”

THIRTY-TWO
 The peaceful days that followed did wonders to help settle everyone’s nerves.
Bruce decided to treat us to some wild game for dinner and convinced Shen to join him in the hunt. The two were successful in shooting an enormous turkey.
Shen hesitated joining Bruce at first. Having never hunted, he wasn’t sure he’d enjoy the experience; especially since he knew what it felt like to be the prey in a hunt. Much to his surprise, he found the experience invigorating and rewarding. He even managed to handle a rifle well enough to get off the lucky shot that bagged the wild turkey. There was something gratifying about supplying for your loved one’s needs in this way.
They speculated about what type of a reaction their catch would receive from the women with jovial amusement for the majority of the walk back to the cabin. They’d reached the clearing around the cabin when I stepped out onto the porch.
“Hey, hey! He walks!” Bruce said with obvious pleasure.
“How long did I sleep?” he asked.
I was noticeably stiff, but at least the pain was gone.
“You were in and out for about a week, buddy,” Shen said.
He was equally pleased to see me looking more like myself.
“You’re kidding,” I grumbled as I looked at the sky and scratched my head.
Shen studied me carefully. Although it took longer for me to heal from Dumitru’s beating than from any of the other fights, I looked and moved like I was back to normal.
“How do you feel?” he asked.
I wiggled my shoulders and rotated my head.
“I think I’m ready to go kick some vampire ass,” I teased.
Bruce laughed heartily as he said, “What do you say we have lunch first?”
“That’s a good idea,” I agreed as I massaged my stomach and smiled.

****

The women worked in unison to create a delectable meal out of the wild turkey. I devoured
it as if I hadn’t eaten in days; and in actuality, I hadn’t.
Our lighthearted table talk eventually turned to the inevitable task of filling Bruce in with more details about the situation that we escaped from and figuring out what to do about Wadim.
“Dao-Ming hasn’t been affected yet,” I said, “but Mei-Lien wasn’t that lucky.”
I looked warmly at Mei-Lien while she slowly pulled her lips open to display her almost full grown fangs.
Bruce choked on his food and jumped back.
“Damn, girl!” he roared.
“She’s harmless, cousin,” I assured him. “She hasn’t fully turned. If we can destroy that bastard Wadim, she won’t.”
I hoped there was still truth in my statement. There’d been a significant shift in Mei-Lien during the days I’d slept to repair my body. I wondered if we really did have more time, or if time had run out and we were too late.
“Are you sure?” Bruce asked warily.
I was no expert on vampirism, but I’d also noticed significant changes in Mei-Lien’s behavior and appearance. After seeing her fangs, I questioned our safety more than ever. I’d grown fond of the woman in many ways, and suspected I loved her. I questioned if I would be able to do what needed to be done if she was too far gone.
Shen hastened to ease Bruce’s edginess.
“I am not certain, but I believe if Wadim is destroyed, all of his offspring will be destroyed with him,” I said.
Bruce nodded at Mei-Lien.
“What would she be considered?” he asked.
“The truth? I do not know for sure,” Shen replied. “For now, she is harmless and needs our help. I am banking that, until she actually feeds on fresh human blood, she will not be an official offspring.”
Mei-Lien’s apparent uneasiness didn’t go unnoticed. It was a tragedy her fate took such a turn. Shen was also acutely aware of the dramatic changes in Mei-Lien of late and was anxious to destroy Wadim before she became an official vampire and took them unawares. If it came down to her or them then it was no contest, but the thought of someone who’d risked her own life to help save us from those monsters turned into a vile beast and then killed by the hands of the very people she’d risked all to save was a cruel situation for all concerned. We just had to reach Wadim before she fully turned. Time was of the essence.
“We need to focus on how to get the two of you close enough to kill him.” Shen said. He was eager to get the conversation away from Mei-Lien and back on the destruction of Wadim. “It seems to me he never sleeps. He walks in the day and in the night and never seems to be alone. Even if you could get past his guards, you cannot just walk up to him and shove a stake through his heart.”
“Why not?” Bruce asked with sincerity.
He’d always been the kind of person to move from the front and was not only uncomfortable with working behind the scenes but didn’t have a clue how to go about it.
“Well, cousin,” I said patiently, “because he’d take a hold of you and make what they did to me look like child’s play.”
I was feeling more and more alert and eager to get our plans squared away so we could rid the world of Wadim and his ugly kind once and for all.
Mei-Lien stepped forward.
“During day they have no powers,” she said. “They must wait for night for vampire powers. During day, they are dead humans walking earth. They ride buses and gamble amongst living, looking for prey. When they find them, they sometimes steal them back to den or wait for night when they can fly and swoop prey before anyone understands what happened. Sometimes they tell Stevenson and he grabs victim. Victim is said as missing and never found. They do not eat on streets. Is not like centuries ago. They must be careful now.” Mei-Lien gave a long sigh.
I moved next to her.
“Is that what happened to you?” I asked softly.
“Husband is here three years with family. I was to join, but never made it from airport. Driver took me to hotel. I was bound and gagged and carried in van to small city. I was not alone. Then flew on private plane to Las Vegas.”
I nodded.
“The small city was Poughkeepsie,” I said. “They have a house there. That’s where we started our search.”
Mei-Lien’s face saddened. “I am thirty-five years old. I am too young to die but do not wish to be vampire.”
The room was silent. No one knew what to say to help. Bruce finally broke the silence.
“I used to read about vampires when I was a kid,” he said. “I’d also go to see all of the vampire movies. I thought Dracula somehow fantastic. Now...”
“I am told he still roams, although he is less angry than Wadim. They whisper Dracula has the manners of the aristocracy, while his son Wadim has the manners of a brute peasant. It is no wonder Dracula has turned his back on him,” Dao-Ming interjected as she poured tea for everyone.
Shen watched her fondly. He was grateful she’d been spared the fate of Mei-Lien.
“What?” Bruce responded. “You mean Wadim is the son of Dracula? There’s a real Dracula?”
He sounded almost overwhelmed at the thought.
“The bastard son of Dracula,” I corrected him, “but let’s focus on how he dies now and later we can talk about how he was born. Deal?”
“Sure thing, cousin,” Bruce said as he focused on regaining his composure. “It should be quite a story.”
“It is,” Dao-Ming said as she placed her delicate hand over Shen’s strong one.
She knew the impact conversing about Wadim had on her love and wanted to offer him as much reassurance as possible. The ordeal had been traumatic for both of them, but more so for him. After all, she hadn’t been drugged and stripped of her body’s faculties and forced to sleep with multiple people on command like he had. For someone who was trained to maintain control at all times, losing it like he had must have been overwhelmingly devastating. The only one she’d been forced to bed was the same one she loved and she’d retained complete control of her faculties. The ordeal was scary and invasive for her, but not the same as what he’d endured. She was already feeling better now that we were free and she hoped time would heal his deep set wounds as well; sooner, rather than later.
Mei-Lien watched Shen and Dao-Ming with mild envy. She’d never had that kind of closeness and love with her husband. They’d married more for convenience than for love. She wondered how her husband would behave with her if he was sitting at the table now. It was obvious that Shen and Dao-Ming loved each other. What Mei-Lien wouldn’t give to have experienced just one moment of this type of happiness in her life.
Memories of her excited anticipation and preparation for her own marriage, fifteen years earlier, flashed through her mind as she cleared the dishes from the table.
She had such wonderful hopes and dreams for her future in China, but life proved difficult and they’d struggled almost daily. One day her husband received a letter from his family in America suggesting that they join them. The dreams he’d shared with her about the life he wanted for them in America was so grand she didn’t hesitate to agree to have him leave right away. He was to find work and start saving money to bring her to him. It took him almost two years to send for her. When it finally happened, she was both excited and scared. She didn’t have a strong education and spoke only a small amount of English. Her husband reassured her that she’d be living in what they called “Little China” and she’d be able to get along just fine. She’d possibly never have to speak one word of English. She was so eager to join him and start this new life, but now...
Mei-Lien’s musing was suddenly interrupted when she sensed something outside. She leaned over the sink to take a better look out of the window. Were her eyes playing tricks on her or did she see a flash of someone skirting across a small patch of clearing and into the woods? She craned her head closer to the screen covered glass to get a clearer view and looked as far into the woods as the foliage would let her. Her eyesight was becoming more acute; one of the attributes of vampirism, she supposed. A rustle of branches caught her attention. She spotted Dumitru and a few of his cronies huddled together behind a thicket. She turned her attention back to the room’s conversation. She was uncertain of what to do.
Shen was explaining the preparations he and Bruce had done during my recovery.
“We made stakes in the manner the diary stated,” he said as he went to the far end of the room and pulled a stake from its bundle and handed it to me.
Mei-Lien looked back out of the window just in time to catch one of Dumitru’s men moving closer behind the trees at the edge of the clearing. She assessed the position of the afternoon sun. It wouldn’t be long before it set and Dumitru and his followers would have their vampire powers active again. She decided to interrupt the conversation.
“Someone, quick,” she urged as she tried not to give way to the panic that was rising within her.
Shen was the first to respond and he leapt to her side. He looked out of the window just in time to catch a glimpse of Dumitru before he receded out of sight. His heart grew heavy.
“They are here,” he said flatly.
I rushed to Shen’s side. I almost knocked Mei-Lien over as I shoved my face as close to the pane of glass as I could. The woods looked still; almost too still. I couldn’t see a bird in flight anywhere. I may not have been able to see Dumitru and his men, but I could feel a creeping sensation up and down my spine. Shen was right. They were out there. I didn’t need to see them. I could feel their presence. I knew the time would come when we’d have to face the vampires again, but I’d hoped to be better prepared. I wondered how much Shen told Bruce about our situation and what was done while I was in recovery.
“The sun will be setting soon and they will have their powers back,” Shen said in a voice that was barely above a whisper.
Bruce moved up behind us.
“Did you see how many there were?” he asked calmly.
“I am not sure, maybe five?” Shen said as he looked at Mei-Lien for confirmation.
She nodded her agreement but stayed silent. Her emotions were mixed. She could smell the vampire’s closeness and it was causing an unfamiliar urge within her that she was working hard to suppress.
Without warning, the door flew open and Dumitru stood calmly on its threshold. His arrogant laugh permeated the room.
“There are four of us, actually,” he boomed haughtily.
Shen looked to the far end of the room at the stakes he and Bruce made and tried to determine if he could reach them without Dumitru intercepting him. He decided he couldn’t. Dumitru stepped aside so we could see his cronies standing behind him. They all wore a look of eager anticipation.
“Are you wondering why I face you in the daylight?” he asked while glowered directly at Shen. “When I crush you, I want it known it was with my skills and not my powers.”
Dumitru’s body filled the doorway but he never moved forward. Bruce recalled reading that a vampire must be invited into a person’s home and decided it must be true. He looked over at the stakes and Dumitru followed his gaze.
“I see you have been busy,” he said with a smirk. “Do you really think they will do you any good?”
The vampire threw his head back in shrill, evil laughter that sent chills up our spines.
“By the way, human,” he said with in a manner that can only be described as a smug snarl, “you are incorrect in thinking I cannot enter without an invitation. That is just in Hollywood. I would prefer to have our match outside, but if you insist I will come in.”
Bruce was just about to tell him to come on in so he could kill his sorry ass because he was a Tugurlan and did indeed have the power to destroy him when I stopped him with a sharp jab in his ribs. Although surprised by my action, he stepped back quickly and said nothing.
Before we knew his intentions and could stop him, Shen move toward the door. Dumitru sneered and backed off of the porch. His band of vampires followed suit and formed a semi-circle in the clearing in front of the cabin.
Shen slowly looked back into the face of each of us before moving through the doorway. He knew he had to face Dumitru. There was no way out. If it had to happen, he preferred to do it in an open space rather than the confines of the cabin. He remembered all too well the damage that was done to me. His only hope was that Dumitru wouldn’t be as formidable an opponent without vampire powers so that he could crush him long enough for Bruce and me to kill him. He heaved a sigh of resignation and moved forward. I tried to stop him by putting my hand on his arm, but he gently removed it and shook his head.
Bruce, Mei-Lien, and I followed him onto the porch and stood behind him awaiting his next move. We moved in unison as he slowly stepped off the porch and into the small clearing in front of the cottage. We each maintained a strategic position in preparation for what may come.
Dao-Ming regretted the fact that she never took an interest in learning the art of self-defense and sadly remained on in the doorway. All she could do was to hope for a good outcome.
“Mei-Lien, my love. You fight for the wrong side!” Dumitru said with amusement. “Come, my sweet. You are one of us. Come join us as we crush these mortals.”
Mei-Lien found Dumitru’s lure almost overwhelming. She was on the brink of fully turning into a vampire and felt magnetically drawn to them. She considered his words and was almost ready to join them when her eyes locked with mine. She felt the coldness within her soul be replaced with the warmth of human emotion. She may be turning vampire, but she wasn’t a vampire yet. She’d help her friends fight and destroy Dumitru and his cronies. Then we’d find Wadim and destroy him too. Her body physically shifted as she made clear her choice of sides and her resolve.
“Suit yourself,” the vampire taunted, “but know that you will die with them.”
Without warning, Dumitru attacked Shen with a vengeance. He may not have had his vampire powers but he had centuries of training backing him up. Shen defended himself with the grace of a master; much to Dumitru’s annoyance. He wanted to smash Shen quickly and prove his superiority in skills, but Shen was proving to be a substantial opponent.
Dumitru’s men waited only briefly before circling the rest of us. I was almost completely healed from the beating I took and I fought with a vengeance that surprised even me. The battle was aggressive, with everyone well matched and neither side making significant progress.
Dao-Ming watched the sun as it sank lower in the sky. She worried we wouldn’t defeat Dumitru before their vampire powers became active. If only she’d learned how to fight, she could be out there helping. Perhaps that would have made the difference. She cursed herself for her own laziness.
Suddenly, she remembered the stakes Bruce and Shen spent the last few days making. She rushed back into the cabin and returned with a bundle of them.
Noticing Mei-Lien was pinned down by her opponent, Dao-Ming rushed to her aide. She threw herself full force on top of them while driving a stake through the vampire’s back. The vampire slumped, lifeless, allowing Mei-Lien the opportunity to throw him off her.
Mei-Lien nodded her thanks before grabbing a stake from the bundle Dao-Ming cradled and rushing to help me. She lunged at the vampire’s chest and drove the stake deep into it. As he crumbled to the ground, she fell to her knees in exhaustion.
The sun was disappearing over the hillside and heavy shadows crept over us. Little by little their vampire powers were activating. Dao-Ming grabbed my arm and shoved a stake into my grip while pointing in Bruce’s direction. Bruce’s eyes were wide with horror as he struggled to release himself from the clutches of his opponent whose fangs were drawn and ready to use. I threw the stake at the vampire in the same fashion I’d throw darts at the dartboard as a child. I missed his chest but grazed his upper arm. This was enough to distract the vampire into loosening his grip on Bruce and give me the opportunity to grab another stake and rush forward.
It didn’t take long for Bruce to regain himself. I shouted for Dao-Ming to toss him a stake. Fear was beginning to seize her and she fumbled clumsily, taking longer than Bruce would have liked to retrieve the stake from the bundle. Mei-Lien pulled herself up and grabbed the stake from Dao-Ming’s trembling hand. She ran as fast as she could to give it to Bruce. With lightning speed, Bruce took the stake from her and drove it into the vampire’s back while I drove another stake into his front. We stood in temporary surprise as we watched the creature disintegrate in a most painful looking manner before our eyes. When all was said and done there was nothing left but a pile of clothing as evidence that he was there.
The sun finally set.
The vampire that Dao-Ming stabbed while aiding Mei-Lien, had revived. He pulled the stake from his back, extended his fangs, and flew through the air toward Bruce. I moved with almost supernatural speed as I picked up a stake from amidst the pile of clothes that belonged to the vampire we’d just destroyed and threw my body between Bruce and the angry vampire. I held the stake in such a way that it was driven into the vampire’s chest by his own force of movement. I could feel the heat of his foul breath on my face just before he disintegrated.
Shen had all but defeated Dumitru when the sun set and his vampire powers emerged. Angered and embarrassed, Dumitru let out a roar, grabbed Shen, and lifted him up over his head. A loud crack permeated the air while Shen flopped about like a rag doll at his mercy.
Knowing firsthand the damage that would be inflicted on Shen if something wasn’t done immediately, I picked up a stake and rushed toward Dumitru. Shen fell to the ground with a crash when Dumitru tossed him away so he could focus on the threat I imposed. He looked around for his companions and was surprised to see only their clothing in heaps on the ground. He sneered wickedly while emitting one of the most unsettling growls that I could ever imagine.
“Do not think they will be gone for long,” he spat. “We cannot be destroyed!”
Dumitru threw his arms out to his side and threw his head back in evil defiance as I ran full force toward him. A shocked look of disbelief covered his face when my body slammed into his while I drove the stake deep into his heart. After several seconds of agony on his part, he was nothing more than a pile of dust and clothes.
By the time the sun set completely, all that was left of the vampires was heaps of clothing.
Although Bruce was a participant, he still had a difficult time accepting what just occurred. He pinched himself to see if he was awake or simply having a nightmare as a result of all of the reading he’d done in our ancestor’s diary. Flinching from his self-inflicted pain, he headed into the cabin to pour himself a much needed glass of whiskey.
THIRTY-THREE
 Even though the drive back to John F. Kennedy Airport was uneventful, the adrenaline within our group still remained high. We’d wasted no time packing up and getting on the road. We’d considered driving to Syracuse and flying out from there, but the flight wouldn’t have been a direct flight and the less time we spent in places where we could be seen, such as airport terminals, the better.
Bruce telephoned a friend of his who was in the travel business and we picked up the tickets on our way out of town. Now, the lights of Las Vegas glimmered in the distance as our plane made its way toward the city of sin.
I looked at Mei-Lien with concern. She’d fallen asleep almost as soon as she’d buckled herself into the seat. She slept most of the time lately. I didn’t like the color of her skin, either. It was approaching a deathly ashen in color and looking a bit translucent. This was only accented by her platinum blonde hair. Was it my imagination or were her veins starting to display beneath her flesh?
The announcement to buckle up our seat belts for landing came over the speakers. I gently checked Mei-Lien’s for her while doing my best not to disturb her. I wanted to wait until we’d landed before waking her. She has such a rare expression of peace on her face that I wanted to let her rest until it was absolutely necessary to bring her back to the horror of reality.
Bruce watched Shen and Dao-Ming as they snuggled together a few seats in front of him. The bond between them was clear to see. He envied them for their obvious affection for one another and wondered how they’d be if they hadn’t endured the trauma of Wadim’s capture. From what he was told, a close relationship already existed between them from a friendship that started with they were quite young. A friendship that turned into a love so strong it gave Shen the strength and resolve to find her and rescue her. Wow. That sure wasn’t the kind of love one witnessed every day.
Mei-Lien sat up with a start when the plane jolted during its landing. Her disoriented look made me wish I’d awakened her in a slower, softer manner. She stared at me with a blank look, as if she didn’t recognize me. Her eyes were deep wells of emptiness that threatened to pull me in and swallow me up. Speckles of fiery red flashed randomly in their darkness, as if trying to take hold. I shuddered and grabbed her arm while I shook her into a more normal state of awareness.
“Mei-Lien, wake up,” I urged softly.
“I feel odd,” she said. “I think time is here.”
Her soft whisper was like a loud roar as the meaning of her words sunk in. I inspected her closer. She’d almost shifted, but I somehow knew it wasn’t complete.
“Not yet,” I said hopefully. “Don’t ask me why, but I don’t think you’ve fully turned yet. We still have time. Can you hold on?”
“Not sure. I try,” she said weakly.
“You must try,” I said adamantly as I pulled her hand to my lips and kissed it gently. “Use all your strength to do it. It’s almost over now. Just hold on as best you can.”
When all of the passengers had debarked and there was no sign of Mei-Lien and me, Shen came back onto the plane. He stood a short distance away while listening to me doing my best to encourage her. When he felt it appropriate, he cleared his throat to get my attention.
I was surprised to find the plane empty.
“Wow, I didn’t realize so much time passed,” I said with genuine amazement. “How did everyone leave without my noticing?”
“Is my energy,” Mei-Lien said.
Her look of despair ripped at Shen’s heart strings. He was determined, more than ever, to save this poor innocent woman from the fate Wadim set in motion for her.
“Vampires suspend time,” Mei-Lien continued. “I must be vampire now.”
“Stop it! You’re not a vampire!” I insisted vehemently. I felt angry with her apparent resignation to her fate. “Not yet, anyway. Now, let’s get off this plane and go kill that bastard, so you don’t turn into one. Okay?”
She nodded in agreement and stood up.
I grabbed her by her elbow, kissed her gently and lovingly on the lips, and then guided her up the aisle with Shen following close behind. She smiled warmly at Dao-Ming and Bruce as they greeted her in the boarding arena. The twisted concern on their faces immediately turned to smiles of relief.
To our relief, we made our way through the crowded airport and into a cab in record time.

****

Showering did wonders for my spirits. I dried myself vigorously and then briskly ran my fingers through my wet hair. It was getting a little longer than I liked to wear it, but there wasn’t time to get it cut. Even as a child I’d found my hair troublesome and distracting. My preference was to keep it cropped short every six to eight weeks. I just finished wrapping a towel around my waist when Bruce knocked on the door. I smiled as I took in the rich aroma of freshly brewed coffee when I opened the door and stepped aside to let him enter.
He looked over at Mei-Lien’s small and emaciated, sleeping form in the king sized bed.
“Damn, she’s a beautiful woman, even now,” he said in a low voice so as not to awaken her. “Can you imagine how she looked before those bastards got ahold of her?” He hesitated, “I have to ask. What about Jess? When I came to visit you last summer you two seemed serious.”
“We were... I mean we are,” I stammered in an equally hushed tone. “Hell, I don’t know what I mean. Jessica is one of the most perfect women I’ve ever met; not just in her looks, but in her heart. I’m a damned fool for screwing it up with her.” I shrugged. “I can’t help myself. There’s something about Mei-Lien that’s unexplainable. I feel bonded to her. There’s a sense of comradeship between us that Jess could never understand. How could she when I don’t even understand it? Maybe it’s because of what’s happened. I wish there was two of me. Have you ever loved two women at one time?”
Bruce stood in silence while he digested my confession.
When the impact of what my admission hit home he said, “Shit, I’ve only loved once in my life and I got burned. I couldn’t imagine risking my heart with two at the same time. What do you plan on doing, once this is over?”
He leaned on the door frame as he sipped his coffee and waited for my response. He couldn’t take his eyes off Mei-Lien. It was as if there was a magnetic force at work, pulling him to her. He could easily understand what I was saying when I talked about my unexplainable connection with her.
“I wasn’t sure until you just asked me,” I said. I took a deep breath. “As attached as I am to Mei-Lien… if she makes it through all of this she has to go back to her husband who is somewhere in Queens. I know all too well their culture’s viewpoints of honor and respect. I wouldn’t ask her to go against all she’s been raised to believe and follow. Besides, Jess and I have a history with each other. It’s a special connection that made me want to change my ways and want to become a one-woman man.” I lowered my head and tasted my coffee while my cousin chuckled. “Until all of this happened, of course. I care deeply for Jess. If I can get her past all of this and to forgive me, I’m going to ask her to marry me.”
Bruce choked on his coffee. He never thought he’d hear the day when his confirmed bachelor cousin would even take the time to consider marriage no matter who the woman. This was a momentous occasion.
I wasn’t bothered by Bruce’s reaction as I continued, “That beautiful lady in my bed will always hold a place in my heart, but I think she knows where she belongs just as I know where I belong.”
“How do you think she’ll feel about it?” Bruce whispered.
He’d suddenly realized that, by standing in the open doorway to converse, we were giving passersby a view of Mei-Lien’s sleeping body so he moved into the room and quietly closed the door behind him.
“Who do you mean; Jess or Mei-Lien?” I asked.
I’d lowered my voice to just above a whisper after Mei-Lien’s slight frame moved slightly.
“Both, I guess.” Bruce replied.
He’d originally been referring to Jessica, but it was clear Mei-Lien also had feelings for me. It wasn’t just a one sided affair. He was a little curious how Mei-Lien felt about leaving me and going back to her husband while I went back to Jessica and asked her to marry me. Wow, this was intense!
“I don’t know,” I said. “I just know that I don’t want to lose Jess. She fits me.”
Shen knocked on the door. Bruce swung it open quickly and held his finger to my lips, while pointing toward Mei-Lien’s sleeping form. He nodded that he understood and backed into the hallway. Bruce followed him out. They spoke in low tones, before turning to me.
“We’ll wait for you in the breakfast lounge,” Shen said.
I nodded in agreement and watched them walk down the hall to the elevator before closing the door. I moved to the foot of the bed and stood watching Mei-Lien sleep. She looked lovely, innocent, and peaceful. I was in no hurry to awaken her.

THIRTY-FOUR
 Osip paused to gaze at his reflection in the still waters of Lake Mead. Although it was barely visible, it was enough for him to make out that his eyes looked darker than usual and his hair was incredibly unkempt. he hardly recognized himself.
Wrestling a comb out of his back pocket, he tackled his unruly curls and did his best to get them under control. He was in serious need of a haircut, but he was penniless. Plus, he wasn’t sure where to go that would be safe for him. He couldn’t attract undue attention to himself.
He’d lived in the streets for over a month; sleeping behind dumpsters or in a park if he could get away with it. He’d eventually stumbled on a rundown motel that was storing old mattresses behind their building. He’d managed to make it his home for over a week; living on the rats that scurried amongst the garbage that accumulated daily. To his dismay, the city sanitation service came and cleaned it all up and he was again on the move. He was grateful he was still able to walk in the daylight, so he could escape the huge claws of the garbage truck before it lifted him into its bin of disgusting stench.
His staples had always been provided by Wadim and he’d never had to hunt before. Catching rats and an occasional domestic cat that had the misfortune of wandering his way was one thing, but hunting for humans... well, he just didn’t know how; nor did he have the stomach for it.
He knew he couldn’t continue as he was. His ability to tolerate daylight was fading rapidly and he had no idea where to go where he’d be undetected during his sleep time. He needed help. He had to find more vampires. There had to be more in the United States than just Wadim’s clan. If he could just find them. He was told that they could smell each other for miles, but he could smell nothing indicating a vampire was near. Perhaps the fact that he was of an altered strain made the difference? He didn’t know. What he did know was if he didn’t find help soon, he’d parish for certain.
Excitement rushed through him as he the solution to his dilemma came to mind. He’d make his way to Transylvania to seek out the great Count Dracula and tell him of his plight. Surely he’ d sympathize and help him. After all, they were related; if not by blood, then by species.
A sense of wellbeing surged through him and he relaxed for the first time since Wadim tossed him out of his den. Looking around to make sure he was alone, he shed his clothes and carefully waded out into the cool waters. Moonbeams glistened off the rippling liquid as he immersed his body completely. He scrubbed his hair vigorously to remove the imbedded dirt and bugs from his scalp while he reminisced of his life back in Belyov and the events leading up to his situation.
After his father died, his mother, Anouska, was unable to find work in their tiny Russian town. She’d even sought work in nearby Tula but could find nothing that would pay enough to support her small family. Things looked pretty bleak until she managed to meet Randolph Cordovan through an internet match-making service.
Randolph was a rancher living on a small spread in Texas and was of Russian decent. His family name was Korovin, but his ancestors changed the spelling when they reached the United States three generations ago. The fact that he had Russian roots and maintained knowledge of his Russian heritage greatly pleased Anouska. His internet conversations with her, letters, and an occasional telephone call, made her secure that he was genuine with his attentions.
When he told her he’d happily accept her and her three children into his home and asked her to marry him, she rushed to church and gave thanks. Their worries would soon be over.
Anouska was terrified of flying and expressed this to Randolph. Although disappointed in the delay, he sent her enough money to purchase a safe ocean passage for herself and her two children. She was to go to California, where he’d meet them and drive them back to Texas himself.
Anouska borrowed a considerable amount of money to help her family survive from a local merchant, named Prokefiev. Because of this, he kept a very close watch on her while he waited for repayment. It didn’t take long for him to discover she’d received the money for her passageway. He forcefully demanded repayment of the money she owed to him, including interest; threatening to report her to the authorities if she didn’t give it to him immediately.
Anouska was afraid to tell Randolph what happened for fear he might change his mind about marrying her. She lamented for days on their plight, while assuring Randolph everything was going smoothly. She needed to get herself and her family to him. Their survival depended on it.
She went to Prokefiev and pleaded her situation, in hopes he’d return the money and allow her to send him payments once she was secure in a marriage with Randolph. Prokefiev absolutely refused to hear anything of the kind. He told her he sympathized with her plight and referred her to a man he knew of who made a living smuggling illegal immigrants into various countries.
It seemed her only answer.
They were to go to Alaska by boat and then make their way down to California by land. When she explained that they actually had permission to enter the country but not enough money for the fare, she was assured that arrangements would be made for the proper stamps to be placed in her passport. Everything would be taken care of. Anouska thanked him gratefully and scurried off to finalize their packing.
They weren’t long at sea when their small boat was met by a larger vessel and the unsuspecting passengers were forcefully dragged aboard it. A large, black man, named Stevenson, inspected them, and divided them into two groups. One group went directly to the indentured servant program. They were sold to the highest bidder from various countries around the world and then given the opportunity to work off what was paid in exchange for their freedom. The other group was taken to Wadim’s den.
Anouska, Osip, and his younger sister, Tatyana, were amongst those taken to Wadim’s den. His older sister, Yana, was sent to be sold into servitude. For months after their capture, Osip tried to discover Yana’s whereabouts from the vampires who came and went but had no luck. He eventually stopped trying.
Anouska was chosen to become a breeder for Wadim’s den. Since Tatyana was only thirteen, she lived amongst the Vampires while they waited for her body to reach a suitable development and then she too was to become a breeder. Osip, fifteen, was chosen to be one of Wadim’s manservants. Although this was considered a prestigious position within the den, it was not without its perils. Wadim only allowed his manservants the opportunity to fill this position for a few years before they were replaced with newer, fresher blood. Therefore, it could lead to only one or two outcomes in the end. He gave every one of his manservants the opportunity to choose between those two outcomes; warning that they should select very carefully because, once their choice was made there would be no turning back or change of mind. The first choice was to become a vampire. The second choice was to become their food. To Osip, there was no choice. He’d witnessed, firsthand, the horrendous butchering of companions from his ship and knew he’d do anything to avoid that fate; even if it meant spending eternity as a carnivorous vampire.
Osip hated Wadim with every fiber of his being. After four years of serving his master with eagerness and loyalty, Wadim had entered the room where Osip waited with his dressing robe and toiletries on the ready and, without a moment’s hesitation and in a seemingly vengeful manner, informed him that he’d worn out his welcome. It was time for Osip to make his choice; right there, right then. Taken aback, Osip blurted out “vampire” and within seconds he was in Wadim’s clutches.
Osip closed his eyes as his master’s powerful fangs pierced into his juggler vein. The hollow burning sensation that ran through him as his body was drained of its blood was indescribable. Just when he thought Wadim was about to drain every drop of the life from him, the vampire stopped. Osip recalled the evil snarl on his face as he released him and watched him fall into a limp heap on the floor. He had enough human life in Osip for him to remain fully aware of his surroundings and what was happening to him. The pain was unbearable, but he was unable to move or do anything about it. Osip had witnessed Wadim turning others into a vampire numerous times. He knew that in order for the process to be complete, he must give him his own blood to drink, but Wadim made no move to do so. Osip couldn’t understand what was happening. He struggled for every breath. He was unable to stop breathing yet couldn’t manage to get enough air to really do much good.
Wadim casually donned his dressing robe and sat in a chair to observe his handiwork. His burning red eyes gleamed with pleasure as he watched Osip suffer. When it seemed like darkness was finally going to consume Osip and rescue him from this tortuous state, Wadim picked him up by his collar so that his feet barely touched the ground and ordered him to drink his blood from the slice he’d made in his wrist with his talon-like fingernail. Osip eagerly attacked the flow. He sucked at the dark fluid like a man who’d come upon water after wandering in the desert for days.
Wadim’s thick blood brought a welcome soothing and cooling sensation throughout his body. He sucked greedily, eager to be free from the searing pain that was mercifully subsiding with every drop of Wadim’s blood that he drank. The vampire allowed him just enough of his blood to take the edge off the pain, but not enough to remove it entirely before he pulled his wrist away and pushed him to his knees.
Osip stared at Wadim with bewilderment while he licked the blood from the corner of his mouth. He’d never witnessed such a cruel transformation. Normally it was quick and, from what he was told, relatively painless. What made Wadim treat him so? He wanted to ask, but he knew better than to speak before he was spoken to.
“Get up and get out. We are finished,” Wadim spat as he snarled at Osip with loathing in his eyes.
Osip struggled to stand. The pain in his body made movement difficult. Was this how he’d have to spend eternity?
Wadim watched him struggle to his feet but made no move to help him. Instead, he walked to the door and motioned for it to open. The golden knob turned on its own accord and the door slowly opened. Two guards stood at attention on the other side awaiting their orders.
“Take him to his mother and let her care for him until he can feed on his own,” he ordered.

****

The anguish Anouska felt for Osip ran deep. She blamed herself for the fate that befell her children, but there was nothing she could do to change it. Even now, she was being forced to complete what Wadim started. She’d become a breeder and, as such, was responsible for the birth and development of future vampires. Wadim hadn’t completed Osip’s transformation, therefore he’d have to complete it in another way; a slower way. Anouska nursed him, little by little, by slowly introducing all precious life giving blood to his system. This was the way it was done with the infants so they would not fall into a state of wild abandonment with the feeding process. By slowly introducing the blood into their systems, they were slowly turned vampire. In the interim, they suckled their mother’s breast for the humanity in them that still required nourishment. This wasn’t an option for Osip. He’d had too much of his humanity removed to benefit from human nourishment and Anouska couldn’t spare the amount of blood needed to finish his transition in one feed. It was a slow, agonizing process for both of them for days until the pain finally disappeared and he could call himself a vampire. Sadly, without Wadim’s donation of his blood for the first few months, eating flesh would prove yet another excruciating experience for him. He was more vampire than mutant, yet still tainted with enough mutant blood to keep himself from being called vampire.
When Osip regained his strength and demeanor enough to speak, he vented to his mother all the hatred and anger he felt for Wadim and questioned what he’d done to deserve this type of treatment. It was then that he discovered he’d done nothing. Nothing except be Tatyana’s brother.
THIRTY-FIVE
 Having lived within the confines of the vampire den for over four years, Tatyana learned her way around the vampires, as well as their home. She watched daily as they came to breed her mother and felt her mother’s pain, humiliation, and eventual resignation to her plight. She’d even helped deliver the three sons, Anouska had born to Dumitru.
The den was so accustomed to Tatyana’s idle wanderings that she went unnoticed most of the time. So, when it was decided that her body was ready to give life to future vampires, they were unaware she was listening through the tiny hole in the wall she’d discovered when she was exploring one of the den’s numerous secret passageways.
The day she was dreading finally came. Her heart pounded so powerfully it drummed in her ears and made it difficult for her to hear the complete conversation, while her mind screamed for escape. The thought of leaving her mother and brother in this hell was a tortuous decision she’d dreaded making for some time, but she knew she must go and she must go immediately.
Months earlier, Tatyana noticed a secret doorway that led to the shop on Fremont Street. Knowing that this day would come, she watched the activities around the door carefully until she learned the daily schedule. Sensing her time was near, she’d slipped through it on several occasions and ventured just far enough into the shop to steal a tee shirt and some shorts. Now, she ran back to her room and pulled them from their hiding place. Tucking them beneath her eighteenth century attire, she made her way as inconspicuously as possible to that secret doorway and settled into the shadows to wait for her chance to go through it to the shop for the last time.
As luck would have it, she’d barely snuggled into the shadows when Stevenson came bounding through the door. He was so excited about his latest capture that he paid little attention to anyone or anything around him. As he moved directly toward Wadim’s private quarters, Tatyana slipped her slender body through the door before it closed. The usual fluttery wave swept over her as she passed through what felt like a huge cobweb, even though she could see nothing.
She hovered in the back corner of the smoky shop, being careful to avoid the concave mirror. To her relief, the clerk had his nose buried in a book. She quickly shed her clothing and donned the tee shirt and shorts. When the timing felt right, she made her way up the aisle farthest from the clerk, hoping to draw as little attention as possible. Her movement caused him to pull his eyes up just long enough to sniff at her disgustedly as if she was disturbing him, and then bury his face once again within the pages of his horror novel. She released the breath she was holding and headed out the door.
Once on the street, Tatyana weaved her way through the crowd. She was eager to get as far away from Wadim as she could. She was drugged and unconscious when Stevenson brought her to Wadim’s den all those years ago so she had no idea where they were actually located. Finding herself in the hustle, bustle, and glitter of Las Vegas was a relief. She’d heard about this city many times and knew it was a city that was easy to get lost in.
When she reached the craziness of Circus Circus, she looked up at the blazing sun and gave thanks. She was alive, still human, and free!

THIRTY-SIX
 Dragomir paced his father’s study. He dreaded telling the great Count Dracula that one of his sons disobeyed his orders. Being the oldest was such a difficult position to be in. He was expected to oversee his younger siblings in all matters. It was far too taxing a position with no real promise. After all, it wasn’t as if he’d ever really inherit their massive estate. Dracula was immortal. This made being the oldest son a burden more than a privilege.
Doru had always been a little rebellious, especially when it came to defending Dracula’s bastard son, Wadim. Dragomir would have stopped him if he’d been privy to his plans. As with many matters of family, he was told too late. Doru confided in the youngest of their family, Cosmin, instead. When, after a few weeks passed and Cosmin heard nothing from Doru, he’d approached Dragomir with his concerns. So, now Dragomir stood awaiting his father. He was eager to get it over with but dreading it at the same time.
Dracula stormed into the study, moving past Dragomir as if he wasn’t there. He didn’t stop until he’d reached his large mahogany desk at the far side of the room. He took a decanter of blood that Dragomir had the foresight to order brought in and filled an ornately gold trimmed crystal goblet.
Dragomir waited for his father to down the blood before clearing his throat.
“I am fully aware of your presence, Dragomir,” Dracula snapped. His eyes blazed a fiery red as he glowered at his eldest son. “It better be something good bringing you here. I have had a very bad start to my evening and do not wish for more irritation.”
Glass rattled from the power of Dracula’s words that were bellowed out for all the castle to hear. It was at least a century since Dragomir witnessed his father this angry. That was when he learned of the mutation experiments his bastard, Chen Wadim, was performing. His rage lasted for months. Now, it was left to him to inform his already enraged father that, again, there was a problem with Chen Wadim at its core.
He wished to be anywhere but here. “I must speak to you about Doru,” he said boldly. “He is missing.”
“Missing?” Dracula repeated as he slammed his goblet down so hard the stem split down the middle. “How can he be missing? Did I not just see him?”
“No, father,” Dragomir explained. “It has been a few weeks since you spoke with him.”
He wasn’t surprised that Dracula lost track of time and didn’t realize how long it was since he’d seen Doru. Their mother, Eniko, insisted on redecorating her wing of the castle and, as with most thirteenth century dwellings in the twenty-first century, it required an incredible amount of attention. It wasn’t the work that disturbed Dracula. It was acquiring adequate workmen from within his limited source of vampires. Pulling in the mortals to do the work was dangerous, since he didn’t want to risk the mortals infiltrating the den and destroying them while they slept. Although highly unlikely, there was still a slim chance that someone from the Tugurlan clan could be amongst them. Even though they were no longer aware of their power, they could still unwittingly destroy them.
Since most of the vampires created by Dracula came from aristocratic backgrounds and his own flesh and blood was spoiled and lazy, finding a mason or carpenter or other form of laborer amongst them was like finding a needle in a haystack. So, indeed his father had his plate full and losing time was understandable.
Doru was the wanderer of the family and often went off on adventures, but never for so long and certainly never without sending back updates of his discoveries.
“No matter the length of time,” Dracula said as he dismissed the thought with a wave of his hand, “explain what you mean by missing.”
“He went to America to see Chen Wadim and we have not heard from him since.” Dragomir blurted out as he instinctively stepped back in preparation for Dracula’s response.
Much to his surprise, Dracula simply sat in silence. When he finally did break the intense thickness of the air in the silent room, his voice had a defeated tone.
“So, it is time to do something,” he said. Without waiting for a response from Dragomir, he stood up and paced the room. “I was no sooner out of my bed this evening when a message was brought to my door. It was from an American vampire seeking an audience with me. Assuming he was one of Chen Wadim’s abominations, I hesitated, until I was overcome with curiosity and allowed him entry.” Dracula
stopped pacing and turned to face Dragomir. He drew a deep, calming breath before continuing. “It seems your half-brother has been making mutated vampires and then kicking them out of his den. Very poor form.”
“Kicking them out?” Dragomir said with confusion. “What do you mean?” It sounded incredulous even for Wadim. Vampires of the same den were sworn to stick together.
“From what our visitor tells me, your brother started the process of his turning in the most painful way and then tossed him to a human breeder to have her complete the job before kicking him out to the streets,” Dracula said vehemently. “Your bastard brother grows more and more appalling with every century that passes. He seems determined to bring as much shame to this family as possible!”
The fact that Dracula referred to Chen Wadim as his brother didn’t sit well with Dragomir. He agreed with his mother about shunning Chen Wadim Dracula. The mere thought that this creature had claim to the Dracula name galled him to no end. Even though he continually complained about the obligations and duties of being the first born, he had no intention of acknowledging a bastard as being the true first born son of Dracula. He marched to the decanter of blood and filled a goblet for himself. Tossing his head back, he drained the glass and looked at his father.
“Tell me what to do and it will be done,” he said with a vengeance.
THIRTY-SEVEN
 Shen motioned for me to join them at their table. He and Bruce were brainstorming while waiting for my arrival, and he was both pleased and anxious to share the results. I’d barely reached the table when he started to fill me in.
“Bruce came up with an excellent idea,” he said excitedly. “We need to buy a crossbow. I asked around and there is a sports shop that might be able to help us on Rainbow Boulevard.”
“A cross what?” I said as I settled into my seat.
It was obvious that both my cousin and my friend felt they’d come up with a solution to our dilemma, but I wasn’t quite grasping it.
Bruce stood up with a smug grin on his face while he jingled the keys to the rental van.
“I’ll explain on the way,” he said as he started for the door.
I finished the coffee Bruce left in his cup and hurried to catch up with them.

****

I was surprised at the wide variety of crossbows that existed. Their prices ranged from twenty dollars to one-thousand dollars or more. Since Bruce was the sportsman in the group, we stepped back and allowed him to select which bow he felt would be most suited for the purpose. He selected the Horton Legacy 225.
Shen shrugged his shoulders when the clerk rang up an eighteen-hundred-dollar bill for two crossbows and the necessary supplies as he pulled out his credit card and paid the clerk. There was no price too high to rid the world of Wadim and his kind. Bruce and I tried to get him to let us at least pitch in on the cost, but he insisted it was his fault we were in this situation and his responsibility to pay the bill for the tool to get us out of it, so we finally gave up.
“We will need to practice with these,” Bruce said to the clerk as he studied the crossbow carefully. “Can you tell us where there is a practice range?”
He’d been reading about the Horton Legacy 225 in his sportsman’s magazine and was actually considering getting one, so he was eager to try it out now and see if it was everything the articles and reviews claimed it to be.
“Well now,” said the young, freckle faced clerk. “That’s a puzzlement. Let me think.” He scratched the sparse fuzz on his chin as he contemplated where to send us. Las Vegas was geared for gambling and party times and offered little for those who were interested in hunting and the great outdoors. “There’s a place near Pahrump that might let you practice.”
“Pahrump?” Bruce said with a chuckle. He’d emphasized the ‘ump’ in the name. “Where have I heard that name before? Wasn’t there something on TV about that town? I’m sure I saw something about it. You can’t forget a name like that.”
The clerk was about to strike up a conversation with Bruce about how and why he may have heard about Pahrump when Shen interjected.
“Where is it located?” he asked.
He was less curious about the town and its fame and more curious on how long it would take us to get there. His greatest fear was that we’d be discovered by the vampires before we were ready.
Taken aback by Shen’s blunt interruption, the clerk’s tone was flat and condescending.
“It’s about an hour west of here,” he said.
Shen had the clerk write down some makeshift directions for us to follow and we piled back into the van.
Bruce slammed the side door shut and settled himself down next to me. He wore a smug look on
his face.
“Pahrump,” he mused. “Now, I remember. They have legal prostitution.”


****

The instructor was pleased with how quickly Bruce and I learned how to handle the crossbow. He was sure that, with a little more practice, we’d become very proficient with our skills. Shen, Mei-Lien and Dao-Ming were equally encouraged as they stood in the background observing. By the time we’d finished our lesson, Bruce, and I both felt confident with our skill level.
Bruce found the desert heat practically unbearable and insisted on going to the bar for a drink as soon as we reached our hotel. He was banking on the fact that Wadim and his men were unaware of his existence.
He sat at the bar and reveled in his Wild Turkey on the rocks while admiring a beautiful, ebony black woman sitting in the corner booth between two Caucasian men. There was no guessing her function there. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas floated through his mind and he smiled wryly. If they only knew what really happened in Vegas!
He was just about to leave, when a tall black man sauntered into the bar and looked around. Bruce couldn’t explain it, but he sensed instantly that this was Stevenson. Not only did he exactly fit the description the boys gave, but every nerve ending in his body stood at attention. It was as if his psyche took over and was warning him of potential danger; like a wild animal’s senses would warn of a hunter approaching.
With casual arrogance, Stevenson made his way to the table where the beautiful black woman sat. He continued to cautiously survey the room as he stood at their table in lighthearted conversation. Bruce struggled to eavesdrop but was just too far away to hear anything. The woman threw her head back with a haughty laugh.
Bruce smiled inwardly as he watched the woman work the men like trained seals. He downed his drink and left the bar as inconspicuously as he could. When he felt he was far enough away to pick up the pace, he rushed across the lobby to the elevators.
He was stood close to the front of the elevator when the door opened and we stood face to face. Feeling good about the events of the day, I greeted Bruce with a relaxed smile.
“I was just coming to get you,” I said. “Shen’s getting a little antsy. It isn’t safe to be wandering this city alone, especially at night.”
“You better believe it isn’t safe,” Bruce belted out as he stepped off the elevator. “You’ll never guess who I’m sure I just saw in the bar.”
He put his hand on my back and steered me in the direction of our room while filling me in on what he saw as we walked down the richly decorated corridor.


****

Shen and Dao-Ming sat quietly at the table. Neither one had much interest in the breakfast they’d ordered.
“I am going to put you on a plane and send you back to New York today,” he said softly.
He’d thought about doing it for some time and was determined to follow through with it.
“No!” Dao-Ming gasped in dismay.
She knew she wasn’t helpful with the fighting, but she just couldn’t be separated from Shen. What if they never saw each other again?
“Yes,” he said. His voice was gentle, but firm. “I telephoned my cousin and he is expecting you. He will pick you up at the airport.” It was important to make sure she was out of harm’s way before we set out to destroy Wadim. He reached for her hand as she hung her head so that her hair covered her face while she silently wept. Speaking in their native tongue he continued, “Listen. It is not safe here. If something goes wrong, they will come here looking for you. I should have sent you away when Dan sent Jessica away. It was selfish of me to keep you with me for so long. Now, you must go. I will be better able to focus tonight if I do not have to worry about your safety.”
“What if something happens to you?” she whimpered back in their native language.
“My cousin will take care of you if you wish to stay,” he assured her. “Or he will see you safely back to your mother, if you would prefer to return to China. I am sure your mother would welcome the opportunity to hold you again and make sure you are alright after your long disappearance. It will be your choice. If you choose to stay and wait for me, I will take you to see your mother after we are married or we can send for her. If you wish to go right away, I will come for you when Wadim is destroyed.”
Dao-Ming nodded her head. She quickly wiped as much evidence of her crying away as she could when Bruce, Mei-Lien, and I entered the restaurant.
“I will wait for you and we will see my mother as husband and wife,” she said firmly.
Her distress didn’t go unnoticed but, much to her relief, we respected her right to privacy and didn’t mention it.
It was decided that only Shen should escort Dao-Ming to the airport. Wadim would be looking for a small group and it would be easier for one person to blend in with the crowd if need be.
Parting was more difficult than Shen anticipated. He held her in his arms for as long as he could; releasing her only when she was at risk of missing her flight. Then he stood at the window and watched the plane until it left the runway and was a tiny speckle in the sky before walking slowly through the airport terminal with his head hung low in genuine dejection.
A plane had just landed and a large group of passengers aggressively crowded toward him. It reminded him of a cattle stampede from the old westerns he enjoyed watching on television. He moved to the far side of the walkway to avoid getting stuck in the mass of people and stopped short when he saw Stevenson standing on the other side of the terminal corridor. Fortunately, he was engrossed in conversation with a tall Caucasian man and didn’t notice Shen.
Shen put his head down and looked away, while he hurried as fast as he could out of the terminal. He was grateful for the stampede of people that allowed him refuge.

****

Shen submerged himself into the planning for the evening’s events. Keeping busy had always helped him empty his mind of troubling thoughts in the past, but it didn’t seem to be working that day. His concern for Dao-Ming’s safety clouded his thinking and comprehension abilities. I thought it best to bring it to his attention.
“We’re going to need everyone clear tonight,
Buddy,” I said sympathetically.
“Yes,” Shen replied. “I will be clear. I promise.”
“I wish there’d been another way,” I said.
Oblivious to the topic of our conversation, Bruce held up the crossbow and said, “It’s a shame this thing won’t shoot around corners.”
Whether he’d intended it or not, we found Bruce’s comment humorous enough to provide us much needed, tension releasing, laughter.


THIRTY-EIGHT
We stayed on the heels of Mei-Lien as she wove her way through the crowds on Fremont Street. Bruce and I each carried a case containing a crossbow and Shen carried one with a supply of arrows. We reached the novelty shop and sent Bruce inside to look around.
Besides the surly faced clerk who forever had his face buried in a horror novel, there were only a few customers inside the store. Bruce stood in front of the door that led to Wadim’s den and looked back at the clerk and the few customers that were mulling around. Making certain he wasn’t being observed, he reached in his pocket and pulled out a small leather pouch. He held it in his hand and walked very slowly toward the door. He eased himself as close to the door as possible while doing his best to appear like a browsing shopper. When he was certain no one was looking, he tossed the pouch in the corner next to the door and watched in wonder while a barely visible grid slowly formed. Its color blended with the shadows. He was both pleased and pleasantly surprised that the formula for a supernatural grid to entrap vampires that he’d found in his family’s diary actually worked.
Why had he doubted it?
Bruce waited for the door to gradually disappear before casually walking back out onto the street. He felt smug, empowered, and satisfied.
“Mission accomplished,” he said as he joined us. “It should hold long enough for us to get in and out.”
As soon as she heard Bruce’s report, Mei-Lien was on the move again. She walked briskly through the Lucky Luck Casino to the back door with her companions in hot pursuit. Moments later, she was leading us through Wadim’s secret entrance.
Bruce shuddered as we entered the dark and foggy eighteenth century European walkway.
“It’s like the damned Twilight Zone,” he whispered as he brushed at the cobwebs he felt but couldn’t see.
Even though Bruce’s comment was barely a whisper, Mei-Lien raised her finger to her lips for him to keep silent. She was discovering firsthand how acute vampire hearing was and she didn’t want to risk being caught before we reached our destination.
We moved in silence through the back corridor and into the main hallway. Footsteps could be heard approaching and we ducked quickly into an alcove and flattened our bodies as best we could into the shadowy walls.
Two guards walked by deep, conversation. One stopped near the dark alcove and sniffed the air.
“I smell humans,” he said.
“So do I,” said the other. “They brought in a new shipment about an hour ago.”
“Since when do they come through here?” the first one asked.
“It beats me,” replied his companion, “but things have changed since the escape. It could be they decided to change routes or something.”
“Have you heard any word on Dumitru?” the other asked.
“There has been no word that I am aware of,” his companion replied. “Wadim is throwing a feast tonight to celebrate a successful year in the trade business. I know he is eagerly awaiting Dumitru’s return. It would be good if Dumitru could bring the renegades back in time for it. If he does not, then I will wager we will have a real celebration when he does get back with those humans. I just hope he remembers the strict orders Wadim gave him. He is to capture Wu alive and unharmed. I would not want to be around if he does not obey Wadim’s orders. We can ask if someone else has heard something.”
The guard agreed with his companion. If Dumitru was foolish enough to kill Wu, he didn’t want to be around to see how Wadim reacted. He equated Wu as to the prize stallion Wadim owned centuries ago. All the precious minerals in the world couldn’t equal Wu’s value in their leader’s eyes. He hoped Dumitru would exercise restraint and caution. He tried to be included in Dumitru’s hunting party. He would have been able to make sure Dumitru’s hot temper was kept under control.
“I wish he had let me go along. I am a damned good fighter,” he said passionately as he started walking again. “Have you ever seen me fight?”
The guards’ voices faded as they disappeared around the corner. We silently waited to make sure there was no one else coming before we stepped out of the shadows.
Mei-Lien took the lead and motioned for us to follow her. She stopped at the corner and pushed at a granite Grecian statue that was as tall as she was. It slowly moved a few inches and a small door hidden within the panels of the rich mahogany walls swung open.
Bruce and I had to duck to pass through into a very cramped passageway. We continued to follow Mei-Lien, as we walked, hunched over and in single file.
The air was stagnant and the dark passageway seemed endless. The darkness was so overwhelming, we had to touch each other just to be sure of our location. Mei-Lien was grateful that her night vision was now acute. It gave her the ability to see and lead us through the suffocating black that enveloped us.
When Bruce was a young boy, he was accidentally locked in the attic of a neighbor’s house over a weekend and wasn’t discovered for thirty-six hours. The experience left its scars. Since then he’d suffered acute claustrophobia. He focused his breathing to try to keep it at bay, but halfway down the passage the usual sweating started and his face showed his panic. He was grateful we couldn’t see what was occurring, but also concerned he just couldn’t maneuver his body one more inch along the tight confines. His tall, burley physique made it especially difficult.
He was feeling just about ready to explode from panic when we reached Wadim’s spacious and ornate great room. He leaned against the wall to catch his breath and wiped the sweat from his face with his hands. Shen looked at him with concern, but Bruce silently reassured him by nodding his head, standing up straight, and rotating his shoulders. He quickly regained his composure and smiled, while making fists for mock fighting.
Mei-Lien pointed to the balcony. We quietly picked our way up the spiral staircase. Bruce and I opened the cases we carried and pulled out the crossbows while Shen distributed a decent supply of arrows to us.
While Shen handed some arrows to Bruce, I briefly recalled the surprised look on the salesclerks face when we requested the tips be made of wood and not metal.
Armed and ready, Bruce and I positioned ourselves on the opposite sides of the balcony. We were grateful for the large folds of drapery to hide in.
Shen and Mei-Lien blended themselves behind the drapery folds that graced the wall in the center of the balcony. This put them fairly close to Wadim’s throne-like chair.
The room had an eerie stillness to it. Although it was only a matter of minutes, it seemed like hours passed before activity began to occur. Musicians and serving people started coming in and out of the room to set it up. One of them stopped and sniffed the air. He cocked his head to the side for a moment while his eyes cautiously scoped the room before shaking his head and going about his business.
A large iron cage on wheels containing three naked and terrified women and one equally naked and terrified man who were tied together was shoved into the room by four sweaty servants. The cage was so cramped that the need for roping them together was really not necessary, but it made it easier to force them in and pull them out as they fought and struggled. With their arms dangling out between the rough bars that accosted their bare bodies, the captives screamed wildly with fear.
Seemingly oblivious to the drama at hand, a haughty, overweight cook bounded into the room with surprising grace for his size. He inspected the captives briefly, grabbing their flailing arms and biting each of their wrists to sample their blood. He was careful to make only the tiniest of piercing so their blood wouldn’t flow onto the floor and be wasted. Satisfied, he dabbed at the corners of his mouth with the hem of his apron and then moved to the wall to push a large red button. The wall slowly rotated and a large cooking pit with a lit fire appeared.
Shen stifled a gasp, as he peered through the folds of his hiding spot at the enormous array of knifes that hung above the blood stained butcher table positioned before the large fire pit.
Several assistants entered the room to help with the preparation of the feast. One of them stopped, smelled the air, and slowly looked around the room. Shen held his breath and stilled his body as much as possible while the assistant focused his stare on the balcony. After a tortuous length of time, he returned to his duties.
The cook shouted orders for the large adjacent dining room, that Shen knew so well, to be prepared for Wadim and a special guest to enjoy a private dinner party while he pulled down an oversized pan that hung near the pit and a huge knife. The pan’s finish was dulled from use. Two assistants opened the cage and pulled the captives out. The cook walked up to them and broke each one’s neck, one after the other. It was done so quickly that none had time to realize what was happening or utter a scream. He looked with satisfaction at the pile of human flesh on the floor and then returned to the cooking area. Two of the assistants untied the bodies and heaved one onto the butcher block table.
A large golden challis was pulled into the room on a rolling platform. The cook tied his victim’s feet together at the ankles with a thick rope and attached it to a hook that was at the end of a long, heavy chain. He signaled for an assistant to begin turning a wheel. The chain slowly began to wrap around it while pulling the body upside down by the ankles. One by one the challis was strategically positioned beneath their heads before the cook slit each throat and held the body steady so that all the blood could drain into the enormous container.
Bruce, Shen, and I watched in silent horror while Mei-Lien fought back feelings of excitement and desire for the fresh blood that smelled so alluring. Beads of sweat tickled her brow as she licked her lips. She bared fangs that had gotten even longer than they were earlier in the day. The temptation to rush down and replace the challis with her open mouth to catch the fresh flow of blood was intense.
The cook waited for the blood to stop flowing before he signaled an assistant to lower the bodies. One by one the assistant took two of the bodies off the hook and placed them on the chopping block in a way that made it easy for the cook to cleave the large knife through the joints, before tossing chunks of body into a large pot. He removed the eyes and brain from each head and set the skull and entrails aside for pig feed.
Instead of chopping up one of the women and the man, their bodies were left whole and impaled on a skewer that was positioned over the open fire to slowly roast.
The cook walked around the cooking area while giving his assistants orders for completing the preparations, taking the food to the servers, and then cleaning up, before looking at his watch and leaving the room. It took twenty seemingly endless minutes before the assistants completed their tasks and left the room.
The silent eeriness returned.
Bruce held his hand over his mouth while vomit oozed between his fingers and tears flooded his eyes. He forced himself to swallow the vomit and, wiping his hands clean on the drapery lining he leaned against the wall to compose himself.
Although the scene of horror had ended and the room had been cleaned and returned to such a normal state that one would be hard pressed to believe it doubled as a kitchen, the faint lingering smell of roasting human flesh still assaulted our nostrils.
Much to Shen’s dismay, Mei-Lien left her post and snuck over to me. He looked around the room quickly, hoping no one had entered to see Mei-Lien’s movement. Thankfully, all was still.
“I am almost turned,” Mei-Lien whispered.
I cupped her chin in my hands and kissed her hard. My heart grew heavy as my tongue grazed her fangs.
“Fight, damn it,” I urged. “Fight just a little longer.”
My voice was husky with worry and sorrow.
Mei-Lien wiped a tear from the corner of her eye and nodded, while licking my blood from her lip. She looked out from behind the drapery to make sure the room was still empty before hurrying back to her hiding spot.
I watched her return before settled back against the wall. This waiting was almost unbearable. My joints were stiffening and I needed to urinate. I hoped Wadim showed his ugly mug soon so we could get it over with. I put my hand up to my mouth to touch the moistness of Mei-Lien’s kiss that was still on my lips and looked at the blood on my fingers.

THIRTY-NINE
Evening came and the room slowly filled with vampires decked out in their best eighteenth century ballroom attire. The musicians tuned their instruments while servers walked around with trays of blood filled glasses for the guests.
When they started the evening with a waltz, fabric swirled and jewels glittered while the men twirled the ladies around the dance floor. Several dances took place before Wadim made his grand entrance. The music stopped, giving his climb onto a small platform next to the musicians the dramatic entrance he thrived on.
All eyes were on Wadim when he said, “Tonight is a very special night. Not only did we have an exceptional year in trade...” His attention went to a server walking by with a tray of blood filled glasses and the vampire who took a glass off the tray and drank from it greedily. “Ah, I see some of you have already begun to partake, very nice.” He was silent for a moment as he looked around the room with a devilish grin for emphasis before he continued. “I have a surprise for you, my good people. We are being honored by a very special visitor.” He motioned for a tall, sleekly dressed vampire who resembled him in features, stepped up on the platform next to him. “I would like you all to give a warm greeting to my younger brother... your uncle... Doru Dracula!” Since Wadim hated the fact that he was a bastard son of Dracula, he had no intention of admitting to the crowd that Doru was only a half-brother, and a true, legitimate son of the Prince of Darkness. He was grateful that, although they had different mother, Doru’s distant Mongolian heritage on his mother’s side gave his eyes just a hint of Asian ancestry.
The crowd roared and applauded while Doru
raised his hand and signaled for them to stop.
“What a wonderful reception. If I had a heart it would be warmed right now,” he said with amusement.
The room burst into laughter while Wadim slapped Doru on his back in approval.
“My brother and I have some catching up to do,” Wadim announced. “Please, everyone eat, dance, and enjoy. Tonight we celebrate!”
The musicians picked up their instruments and played another waltz and the room grew busy with dancing and excited conversing. Wadim directed Doru up the stairs to his private balcony. A second throne-like chair had been placed next to his in honor of his half-brother’s visit. Doru nodded approvingly as we sat overlooking the crowd.
Two guards positioned themselves near the wall. One stood very close to Shen and sniffed the air, as if trying to identify the scent.
Wadim inhaled deeply.
“Did I not tell you this was an exceptional year in trade? The scent of life is still in the air,” he said with satisfaction.
“It is mouthwatering,” Doru cooed.
He could smell the fresh blood of humans all around him. He was in awe of the life his half-brother created for himself. Never before had he been in a den where humans were bred for feeding. He grew up hunting for food as needed. Having it available to him so readily would surely have made him fat and lazy. He studied Wadim’s powerful physique and wondered how he kept himself so fit without hunting as normal vampires do. It definitely brought forth a stronger curiosity for his half-brother’s infamous lifestyle.
Wadim sat back with a satisfied and smug look on his face as he took in his brother. There were slight signs of aging around Doru’s temples, but that was to be expected since it was at least a century since we’d seen each other last.
“It has been a long time my brother,” he said warmly.
“Yes, it has,” Doru agreed. “A few centuries, I think.”
He made note that Wadim seemed not to have aged at all. In fact, he appeared slightly younger.
“That long, really?” Wadim replied.
He knew exactly how long it was to the day. He’d just made a breakthrough with his alteration process and had rushed to his father’s castle to tell him the good news, only to be tossed out by Dragomir. Although Doru accepted Wadim and had always treated him as a full blooded vampire, Dragomir resented Wadim’s very existence. Wadim hadn’t even been given the opportunity to stand before his father and present him with his accomplishments.
“Indeed,” Doru said.
He looked at Wadim, as if he were trying to see inside him before returning his attention to the dancers below and speaking again. “Rumor has it that you have been busy.”
“Really, how so?” Wadim asked coyly.
Pride swelled within his chest when he realized that Doru was talking about his alteration process. Could this mean that his father was aware of it as well? Maybe now he’d get the recognition he deserved. Maybe now he’d hold a place of honor in the family, like his half-brothers did; a place that was rightfully his by birth. After all, he was the true first born.
“No games, brother,” Doru said. “I have come to learn your secrets. I want to learn what you have done to give yourself immunity to the sun.”
It was confirmed! Excitement rushed through Wadim’s body as he reveled in the fact that the recognition from his siblings and in Dracula’s eyes had finally come his way. The whole family must be talking about him and what he’d accomplished.
“Does father know?” he asked eagerly.
“He is still old-fashioned in this matter,” Doru replied hesitantly.
Since Doru was a legitimate son of Dracula, it placed him in a family category that Wadim could only dream of. He’d always been fond of Wadim and had treated him like a full blooded brother rather than the outcast his mother and Dragomir insisted he was. It saddened him to see Wadim was still struggling for the love and recognition from their father that he received simply by being legitimately conceived.
“He does not approve?” Wadim asked wistfully.
The overwhelming disappointment he felt went undisguised.
Doru hesitated. His half-brother looked positively stricken at the concept of his father not taking pride in his accomplishments. How could Doru tell him about Dracula’s intense anger and fury when he learned of his experiments. He recalled the day as if it were only an hour passed.
The news of Wadim’s experiments sent his father into the worst rage he could ever recall seeing. He’d paced across the great room of his castle, ranting, for months. Doru and his brothers stood obediently near the doorway while Dracula lashed out about the indignations Wadim brought to the family.
“This is an abomination to the entire family. To... to... to take such a pure heritage and turn it into nothing more than a monstrous mutation of ... of... Dracul only knows,” he fumed with eyes fiery red. “Eating flesh… bah! He is behaving like a common zombie. That is what he has become... a modern day mutation of a zombie! I am ashamed to call him my son. Bastard or not, he should know better!” Glass shattered and windows rattled from the intensity of Dracula’s fury. “He is not to be mentioned in my presence again, do you hear me? Never! If I catch wind of any of you getting ideas in your head of copying this shameful act....” He flew across the room with lightning speed until his face was inches away from Doru’s face and snarled viciously.
Doru shook away the remnants of the memories of his father’s anger.
“Me on the other hand, dear brother,” he said sweetly, “bow down to you and pay homage. Such a brilliant discovery. You have become an indestructible human vampire.” He leaned toward Wadim and smiled. “I want it.”
The complements being paid to him by his half-brother paled under the realization that he still hadn’t been able to accomplish obtaining the recognition and respect he had longed for from Dracula.
“But father does not,” he said bitterly.
“He just needs to be shown the value,” Doru assured him. “Give him time.”
Doru knew that it would take more than a little time to make Dracula see the benefits of what his bastard son had done. Dracula was set in his ways and listened to only Doru’s mother. Although not his only wife, she was his favorite wife. She had a hard enough time accepting the children Dracula fathered with his other wives, let alone those born illegitimate. She would never encourage him to honor one of his bastard children. They were a bitter reminder of Dracula’s wandering ways and she felt nothing but hostility for them. It didn’t matter that Wadim was born before she married him. He was a bastard and that was that.
Doru continued, “I see the value. I see it clearly and I want it. Imagine, dear bother, what would happen if we joined forces. You on this side of the waters and me on the other. Yes, just imagine.”
A server climbed the stairs and presented Doru and Wadim with ornate, crystal goblets of blood and a plate laden with par-boiled fingertips smothered in congealed blood.
Doru drained his goblet and smiled.
“It is light and sweet. Very nice,” he said.
Wadim popped a par-boiled fingertip into his mouth, smiled proudly, and nodded for his half-brother to do the same.
Doru held a fingertip in his hand and hesitated. He’d never eaten flesh before and was repulsed by its texture and aroma.
“Just bite a small piece off. It takes time for your body to tolerate the flesh,” Wadim said with a knowing chuckle. He watched Doru force himself to take a bite of the sweet human finger and added, “The fingers are a delicacy that is reserved for me and those I favor. I have been told by humans who partake in seafood that they have the same texture consistency as shrimp. I have never eaten shrimp, so I will have to take their word for it.”
Chewing was a foreign action that proved difficult for Doru. He did his best to masticate the fingertip and swallowed it with great effort. It all felt so odd to him. The meat scratched at the tender lining of his throat as it made its way down to his stomach. It was obvious that the entire ordeal repulsed him. It was only a matter of seconds before he was doubled over and vomiting the wretched stuff back out.
Wadim threw his head back in laughter and slapped his half-brother on his back.
“That is a perfectly normal reaction,” he assured him. “With time, it will pass and you will actually begin to relish the taste.”
Having already developed a taste for flesh and craving the blood that was so close, Mei-Lien struggled to keep still. She shifted positions and created just the slightest movement of the drapery panel, but it was all that was needed for the eagle-eyed guard to notice. He threw aside the panel to expose her and yanked her forward by the arm before pushing her to her knees. She struggled but kept silent.
Wadim looked around to see what the commotion was about. He smiled at the sight of Mei-Lien kneeling. If she’d returned, perhaps his luck had changed and young Wu came with her. One could hope.
“Who have we here?” he asked facetiously.
My eyes filled with rage as I watched the guard’s man-handle her. I was grateful she was tougher and stronger than she looked and could withstand much more than what they were dishing out to her now. Shen peeked out from behind the curtain and caught my eye. He silently begged me to keep still and not divulge our presence. My body stiffened with pent up anger, but I didn’t move.
“Ah, yes, dear brother. We have before us a very clever woman,” Wadim said. “This little slip of a thing managed to help three of my most prized hostages escape. One was Wu Shen, the son of Wu Bojing who was the great-great-great-great grandson of Wu Heng, of Hans Clan on the Tibetan border.”
“I thought father destroyed that clan,” Doru mused as he sat back with a look of arrogant boredom on his face. “They were so bothersome.”
“Bothersome, yes, but also delectable. He is the last, I believe. I was breeding him to the girl who escaped with him. She is of quality stock. Once you have tasted their line, you will understand why I want to combine them.”
As Mei-Lien struggled to free herself, the other guard noticed Shen’s shape behind the curtain. He grabbed him with lightning speed and jerked him out into the open. Taken by surprise, Shen was unable to maintain his balance and fell to the floor at Wadim’s feet.
I was starting to feel panicked but managed to stay motionless. I wished I could see if Bruce was alright, but I didn’t dare make the slightest move. I could only hope my cousin was his usual self while on the hunt; calm, steady, and determinedly crafty.
“Well, well, well! We were just speaking about you,” Wadim preened with delight. “Doru, meet the last of the clan of Wu Heng.”
The sight and smell of live humans so near roused Doru’s natural urges and gave a small reprieve from the repulsion he felt from the disgusting smell and taste of cooked flesh. His long, sharp, and brilliantly white fangs dripped with saliva as he snarled and looked Shen up and down.
Wadim held up his hand in a ‘stop’ gesture.
“Not so quick brother, not so quick,” he said. “If Wu is here, then where is my son?” He looked directly at Shen and said, “I sent Dumitru after you. Are you going to tell him you escaped him as well?”
Shen looked boldly into Wadim’s fiery red eyes and spoke in a defiant tone that belied how he truly felt.
“He is dead,” he spat.
Wadim stood up and pulled Shen to his feet by his neck.
“You lie!” he said with outrage.
I leapt from behind the curtain and shot the guards, one after the other, with my crossbow. Wadim and Doru watched, too stunned to move, as the guards fell to the ground and disintegrated.
Unprepared for the sudden freedom she was struggling for, Mei-Lien fell to the floor.
Seeing me make my move, Bruce rushed out from his hiding place.
“He tells the truth,” he snarled. “That bastard is dead, just like you’ll be.”
Wadim kept his hold on Shen as he leapt off the balcony. There was something about the look in Bruce’s
eyes that made him very nervous. The fact that his guards disintegrated in such a slow and painful way instead of just falling into a temporary death…well... he needed time to think. He wondered why, after having escaped, we’d so foolishly returned. Could we have really killed his son? He couldn’t believe it. He was sure Dumitru would arrive soon to laugh in our arrogant faces.
Doru remained on the balcony and looked mockingly at Bruce.
“That toy is useless against me,” he sneered confidently. “These guards may have fallen prey to it because we are of a mutated lineage, but not me. I am Doru, the true and legitimate son of Dracula, Prince of Darkness. His blood runs pure through my veins and I cannot be destroyed.”
Wadim glowered with jealous and infuriated rage when Doru’s tone emphasized his pride in his lineage and station. It was painfully obvious that all of the flowering complements he’d given and all of the reassurances he’d made over the centuries about how he thought of Wadim as a full brother and not a bastard brother were lies. He wanted to strike out at Doru and squash him like a bug, but that could come after he dealt with the matter at hand.
Bruce pushed me back into the shadows and stood tall, looking directly into Doru’s fiery-red eyes.
“Allow me to introduce myself,” he said with vehement confidence. “My name is Bruce Jameson Tugur. I too am of pure lineage. You see, when my family came to America they shortened our family name from Tugurlan to Tugur. I’m the direct descent of General Stefan Tugurlan who fought for King Mathias. Does that name ring any bells?”
A look of shock and horror crossed Doru’s face as he focused on the crossbow in Bruce’s hand. He’d heard of his father’s flee to the back hills of China after the Tugurlan clan was given the power to destroy him. Wadim was a result of that time. He was told that, over the years, the Tugurlan family forgot they possessed this gift. Dracula proved it over and over again by hunting them down and killing them until they eventually fled the country to other parts of the world. Now, here stood the ancestor of the most powerful adversary his father had ever known. To top it off, he was fully aware of his powers, armed, and prepared to kill. He was twisted with regret. He should have heeded his father’s warnings and turned his back on the bastard mutant he’d so graciously declared his brother. If he’d turned his back on Wadim and not been so greedy to walk in the daylight…if he’d recognized him for the abomination his father declared him to be, he wouldn’t be in this situation right now.
I nodded and smiled as Bruce shot Doru with the crossbow. We were close enough to hear Dracula’s son’s flesh tear as the wooden stake bore into his heart. Within seconds, Doru fell to the ground and became nothing more than a pile of dust.
I started to move forward, but Bruce motioned me to stay where I was. The fact that I was still somewhat hidden from the view of the vampires below could prove useful.
The room of shocked vampires gathered together and started toward Bruce. He leaned over the rail and pointed the crossbow at Wadim, who was still holding Shen by the throat. Shen’s face was starting to turn a purplish-blue from lack of oxygen.
“Everyone stay back or I’ll kill your ugly leader!” he shouted.
The vampires froze, uncertain what to do. Bruce looked down at Wadim. He’d read about him in the family diary. There was even a sketch of him that, now that Wadim was here before him, he could see was a very good likeness. The pages clearly noted that Wadim was ashamed of being Chinese and a bastard. He decided to use this to his advantage.
“Well, well, well. If it isn’t Chen Wadim Dracula. It is Dracula, isn’t it? I mean, after all... he never married your mother. He did give you his last name, didn’t he? You’re not a usurper, are you?” Bruce taunted.
Wadim growled in outrage while the room gasped in horror. It was common knowledge that Wadim despised his Asian blood. To openly state he was illegitimate on top of taunting him about his Asian blood was just suicide.
Encouraged by the commotion he’d caused,
and empowered by the knowledge that he was capable of destroying this demonic creature, Bruce continued, “Well, Chen... what are we going to do?”
Wadim took a moment to regain his composure, before locking eyes with Bruce.
I knew Bruce well enough to detect a shift in his demeanor. He was showing signs that Wadim was starting to whittle away at his shield of courage. I debated whether it was now time to step out of the shadows but decided to hold back just a little longer. My cousin proved himself over and over again to be a powerful hunter. I trusted he’d regain his footing and do what needed to be done. He just needed time to grasp what was happening. After all, unlike Shen and me, he was new to the vampire world and was still absorbing its horror.
Sensing he was breaking Bruce’s resolve, Wadim spoke boldly.
“Your friend does not look well,” he said smugly. “Lower your weapon and I will loosen my grip. Then we can discuss what we will do.”
Bruce broke eye contact with Wadim long enough to look at Shen, who was slowly losing consciousness. His nerves were starting to unravel and he could no longer trust his aim. He didn’t dare shoot in case he hit Shen instead of Wadim. He reluctantly, and very slowly, lowered the point of the crossbow while Wadim smiled with satisfaction.
Bruce and I were so focused on Shen’s situation that neither of us noticed two guards quietly inch their way up the stairs toward us.
“So, I meet a Tugurlan who knows of his power,” Wadim mused in an effort to keep Bruce’s attention on him and not the guards who were closing in. “I thought you were non-existent. You poor bastards could have snuffed us out centuries ago if you had a brain in your head.”
His laugh echoed throughout the room.
Wadim’s taunting renewed Bruce’s resolve and he raised his crossbow.
“Well, it looks like I’m thinking now,” Bruce said.
“Are you?” Wadim shouted haughtily as the guards reached the top of the stairs and grabbed him before he realized what happened.
They were so focused on Bruce they didn’t notice me slink further back into the shadows.
Wadim let go of Shen and held his hand up, signaling for the guards to stop.
“Not yet. Bring them down to me,” he ordered.
Assuming he was referring to Bruce and Mei-Lien, each guard grabbed a captive and jumped off the balcony; landing gracefully in front of him.
I tried to slow my breathing and regain my composure as panic threatened to seize me. They’d captured all but me.
If Wadim knew about my presence, he’d apparently forgotten it because no one came back for me. It was up to me now to finish it. Bruce had always been the reliable, sensible, and dependable hunter. Did I have it in me? I wasn’t sure, but I certainly hoped so.
Wadim tossed Shen aside. He grabbed Bruce by his throat and lifted him off his feet. Mei-Lien tried to free herself from the guard’s grip and earned a slap across the face so hard her head would have rolled across the room if it hadn’t been attached.
Wadim growled at Mei-Lien.
“Shame on you for helping these humans,” he snarled. “You are a vampire. What were you thinking?”
Mei-Lien wept helplessly as she said, “I do not wish to be a vampire.”
Wadim threw his head back in laughter.
“That will not last, my sweet. I can promise you that,” he assured her.
Free from Wadim’s vice grip and having stabilized his breathing, Shen stood in defense position and circled slowly. He knew his abilities were no match for these vampires and their superpowers, but he’d give it his best for as long as he could.
No longer feeling the threat of destruction, Wadim found amusement in Shen’s actions.
“Ah, the fighter wishes to fight?” he chuckled with ire. “Let us give him that opportunity, shall we?”
Bruce gagged and struggled for breath. His body flopped in the air like a rag doll while Wadim held him with one hand and walked to the wall where he slammed his free hand on a large purple button. The wall slowly rose, and a fighting ring appeared.
The crowd roared with anticipation.
A guard tossed Shen into the ring so effortlessly he was breathlessly taken aback. Maybe this wasn’t the best idea. How long could he possibly hold up against the supernatural strength these creatures had? It was all a sham. He wondered if this was how the victims of the Roman Coliseum games felt when they were tossed in the arena to face the hungry lions. His mind flashed back to the fight he’d recently witnessed me endure.
He stood slowly, doing his best to disguise the fact that his leg was injured when he hit the floor after being tossed into the ring. His face was expressionless, showing none of his concern when an extremely large Suma wrestler climbed into the ring and immediately grabbed him by the chest and squeezed. To the wrestler’s surprise, Shen freed himself quickly and counter attacked.
The roar of the crowd was deafening.
I peeked out from the shadows to better access the situation. The sight of my cousin turning bluish-purple while he dangled in mid-air by his throat while Wadim ignored him and focused on fight spurred me into action. I crouched down close to the floor and inched my way to the balcony wall. The attention of the entire room was on the fight, giving me the freedom to position myself against the balcony railing. I tried not to allow frustration to consume me as I aimed my crossbow at Wadim. I had to wait for the right opportunity to shoot since he kept moving and unwittingly putting Bruce in the line of fire.
The Suma pinned Shen onto the floor of the ring. As he geared up to slam his enormous bulk onto Shen’s slight body, Shen rolled out of the way and kicked his oversized opponent in the jaw. The sound of bones cracking when his enormous bulk hit the floor resonated through the room like lightning and thunder. The crowd went silent as they watched and eagerly waited for some signs of life in the Suma’s limp body.
Wadim dropped Bruce and stared in disbelief. He’d never seen such skill in a human before. It brought forth mild admiration.
I seized the opportunity of having a clear opportunity to kill Wadim and shot my crossbow, sinking a wooden arrow deep into the center of the vampire’s chest. Wadim looked down at the thick arrow protruding from his heart and roared in disbelief.
The scene that took place next was even more unbelievable than any of the occurrences to date. Unlike the pure vampires, the stake in his heart slowly ate at his flesh. His offspring watched in horror as his body agonizingly melted away, inch by inch, before finally turning to dust. There was a brief silence before the rest of the vampires in the room flew into a frenzy. There was screaming and running helter-skelter while I shot at them randomly, killing them one by one.
Within a matter of minutes, only Shen, Bruce, and Mei-Lien remained standing. I rushed down the winding staircase from the balcony to check on my cousin, who stood holding his throat and gasping to regain his breath.
Mei-Lien fell quietly and slowly into a heap on the floor. I rushed to her and kneeled down, cradling her head in my lap.
“You killed him. Now I die in peace,” she whispered. “Please take my body to family in Queens.”
“No!” I wailed as I hugged her to me. “You must live. We’ll find a way to reverse things. Maybe, with Wadim dead it’ll reverse itself.”
I refused to accept what was happening.
She stroked my face lovingly while I pressed my forehead to hers.
“Let me go,” she begged. “Is my time to die.”
I looked deep into her pleading eyes and felt my heart crumble from the imminent loss.
“I love you. How can I let you go?” I whispered while gently kissing every inch of her face.
Shen and Bruce stood watching. They were stunned into silence by the scene before them.
“I love you, but we cannot be. I am married. You must go back to your life. I no longer wish for mine. Let me die, my love. I feel your love, now let me die with it. Is my time. Is only way,” she pleaded. Her words mixed with a wheezing sound, as she struggled to breathe. “You will find information on husband in belongings. Send me to him. He will know what to do.”
I knew Mei-Lien spoke the truth. I knew that, should she live, she’d return to her husband and I’d return to Jessica. This knowledge didn’t make it easier to watch her die. I held her in my arms while she took her final breath. Tears flooded her face, as it slowly transformed back into the beauty she was before Wadim got his grubby, evil, hands on her. Although much thinner than she was when she was captured, she was her old, beautiful, human self again. She smiled weakly as she touched my face and let the air out of her lungs one last time.

FORTY
Mei-Lien’s body was placed in the care of a local funeral home and arrangements were made for her husband to receive her body in Queens. Las Vegas was a city filled with homeless people, so it wasn’t difficult to pass her death off as that of a starving and homeless woman. The police accepted the story willingly and didn’t bother to detain us.
Shen sipped on a cup of strong tea while he waited for Bruce and me to return to our hotel suite. Although eager to be reunited with Dao-Ming, he couldn’t stop thinking about the innocents left behind after the vampire’s destruction. Would they know where to go and what to do? Many of them were held captive to breed or to serve for so long he questioned if they’d be able to find their way out of the den to rejoin society. Did they have any money? With Wadim no longer there to provide them with a fresh supply of food, would they kill each other when their food supply ran out? They’d become cannibals after all.
His conscience plagued him and he wondered if it was plaguing us as well. He was going to talk to us about it. Between the three of us, perhaps we’d come up with a solution.
As coincidence would have it, Bruce and I were also feeling something needed to be done for the survivors of Wadim’s terror. We’d discussed it on the way back to the hotel and decided to return to rescue them. We hoped Shen would be willing to join us, but decided that if not, we’d go back without him.
A heaviness came over Shen as he listened intently to our idea. The last place he wanted to return to was Wadim’s den. He wanted nothing more than to go back to Queens and regain what he could of a normal life with Dao-Ming at his side. Unfortunately, he was unable to come up with an alternate plan for helping the survivors. We unanimously agreed that going to the authorities would be useless. Even they had a difficult time believing our story and we’d lived through it.
We decided to step out for a few drinks and a light dinner before putting our heads together to formulate a rescue plan for the survivors. A reprieve, no matter how short, was needed by all.
The evening air felt refreshingly cool as we made our way down the strip past the Bellagio to a nearby steak house. I longed for some seriously good cuisine. I’d read about the head chef at this steak house and was curious to see if the food was as good as the article implied. We stopped for a moment to enjoy the beauty of the water show at the Bellagio before continuing down the sidewalk.
I smiled with anticipation as we forged our way through the busy crowds toward the steak house. My mouth watered with anticipation. I couldn’t believe our good fortune when there was no line and no reservation was needed. My stomach rumbled as my senses took in the rich aromas of the sizzling meats that mingled amidst the scents of colognes and perfumes, creating an exotic headiness.
The crashing of dishes on the far side of the room caught our immediate attention as we followed the hostess to our table. Bruce couldn’t help noticing that the waitress was overly upset about dropping her tray. In fact, it didn’t seem to be what was occupying her attention at all. Her look of distress was directed more toward a sinister looking man almost hidden in the shadows of the thick folds of the midnight-blue draperies on the far side of the room. There was something familiar about his demeanor.
It wasn’t until the man pursued the waitress when she fled the dining room that I was able to place the familiarity. He was a vampire! There was no denying it. I saw enough over the last weeks to be able to recognize one of those evil monsters a mile away. The fact that the young woman recognized him as well was a puzzle that needed solving.
Shen and Bruce were on the same wavelength and needed no prompting to follow me out of the restaurant and onto the street. The young woman’s long reddish locks flowed behind her as she disappeared into a casino. The vampire was nowhere to be seen.
“You take the left, I’ll go right,” I said to Bruce. “Shen. You take the middle. we’ll meet at back at the street exit.”
I’d barely barked my orders before plunging into the crowded casino. Shen hesitated only briefly before nodding to Bruce and weaving his way through the center of the over packed room. Bruce took a deep breath and moved more slowly toward the left side of the casino. I hadn’t gotten a good look at the girl, but there was no denying the look of terror and recognition on her face. We needed to catch up with her and find out why before that vampire got to her.
Although she had her back to me, I recognized her small frame huddling next to a slot machine in the corner. I’d never really valued my keen sense of recognition and recall until then. By the time I was in front of her, she was coiled for action. I had to grab her arm to prevent her from springing away. Stunned, she looked at me with bemusement on her face. An odd, tingling sensation ran through the hand I held her with and into my arm. Startled, I was tempted to let go, but thought better of it. This girl may be pale from lack of sunlight, but she was definitely not a vampire. She was something else and I needed to find out. Releasing her was out of the question.
Shen spotted me just as I reached the girl and moved in our direction. He motioned for Bruce, who wasn’t far away, to follow. In no time at all we were surrounding the terrified waitress.

****

Fane glowered angrily as he watched us escort Tatyana out of the casino. He was away from Wadim’s den when she’d escaped. When he returned from his mission of searching for new locations to expand Wadim’s empire, it was to discover Wadim and most of the other vampires of the den were dead and the place in total chaos. It was sheer luck when he spotted Tatyana in the restaurant. He’d looked for her amidst the mess but she was nowhere to be found. It was foolish of her to stay in the city. Had she gone elsewhere, he may never have bothered to search for her. His plate was too full trying to salvage what he could of the den to worry about one runaway. Stumbling into her was an unexpected boon. Now that he’d found her, he was determined to bring things back to order and take his father’s place with Tatyana at his side. He fully intended to make her his bride.


FORTY-ONE
To our relief, Tatyana gave us no difficulty in escorting her back to our room. She sat at the edge of the bed, calmly watching, and waiting. Bruce was awestruck by her pale skin and green eyes. They were a beautiful combination that were only accentuated by the burnt red hair that framed her face and cascaded down her back. He blushed when he caught himself staring.
“I sense vampire around you, but you are not vampires,” Tatyana said as she closed her eyes and cocked her head to the side. “You do not work for Wadim...” She opened her eyes and looked directly at Bruce. “Who are you?”
Bruce felt a wave of energy push from Tatyana and shove him in his chest.
“I... I’m Bruce,” he stammered.
I pulled a chair up close to her and sat down. After a brief moment of silent staring on both our parts, I questioned her softly.
“You seemed frightened when you looked at that man in the restaurant,” I said softly. “Can you tell me why?”
“You mean the vampire?” she asked.
Although she still carried a thick accent, Tatyana’s command on the English language was excellent. Unlike poor Mei-Lien, she took to it easily.
“You know about vampires?” Bruce asked with surprise.
“As do you,” she said with narrowed eyes.
I could see her brain trying to figure out who we were and what we had to do with Wadim. For a second, she thought we intended to return her to him but, after searching our thoughts she realized that wasn’t the case.
“How do you know?” Shen asked as he moved to the wall and leaned against it.
There was something about this young woman that wasn’t of this world, but he couldn’t place what it was. Until he did -and maybe even after- he intended to keep his distance.
“I know,” she replied flatly.
Tatyana was starting to think twice about how much information she should share with us. Maybe it was best if we didn’t know she’d escaped Wadim’s den. Information of that nature was best withheld until she knew more about who we were and what we wanted.
Sensing her wariness, Bruce inched forward.
“We aren’t here to harm you,” he said gently. “Please believe me. It’s just that we thought we’d killed the vampires and it was a surprise to see one in the restaurant. It was an even bigger surprise to see a human who recognized him so clearly.”
Tatyana’s brows knit together.
“Why would it be such a big surprise for me to notice a vampire?” she asked.
I looked at Shen, who raised his eyebrows before turning to her.
“You really don’t know?” he asked.
Tatyana shook her head. She was clearly confused.
“Because vampires blend in with the crowd and the average human can’t recognize them,” I explained. “That’s how they’re able to hunt their prey. They lure their unsuspecting victims to somewhere quiet and secluded and then...” I shuddered. “Only other vampires and vampire hunters have the ability to know a vampire when it is out of its den; especially Wadim’s vampires,” I continued. My eyes locked with Tatyana. “You aren’t a vampire, so are you a hunter?”
“What does a hunter do?” she asked.
Her years within the walls of Wadim’s den kept her sheltered in many ways. Since that was her only exposure to vampires, she was genuinely baffled at the concept of a hunter.
“You’re kidding, right?” Bruce asked with surprise. “You recognize a vampire, you aren’t a vampire, but you don’t know what a hunter is? This doesn’t make sense.”
“What is your name?” Shen asked when he realized that we hadn’t even been civil enough to make introductions. “I am Shen. This is Dan, and his cousin, Bruce.”
Bruce and I gave a mock wave and smiled, we were each one duly humbled by Shen’s display of cordiality.
“I am Tatyana,” she said warily.
“You have a lovely voice, Tatyana,” Bruce cooed. He was taken by her beauty and the gentle lilt in her speech. “What country are you from?”
Tatyana’s face beamed as she recalled her country.
“I am from Russia,” she said proudly.
Bruce’s easy mannerism and obvious infatuation with her soothed Tatyana’s nervousness and she slowly took her barriers down and answered our questions. Although not surprised to hear of her abduction, we were shocked to discover she’d lived amongst the vampires and remained physically untouched for almost five years. I say physically because I we could only imagine the impact of witnessing their lifestyle would have had on a young girl in her developing years. It was bad enough to be an adult exposed to it all.
The more Tatyana told of her life in Wadim’s den, the more horrified we became. The thought of such a young girl being exposed to this type of existence brought tears to Bruce’s eyes. He wanted to hold her and tell her that she was safe, but of course, he refrained. After all, we’d just met. It was understandable that she was wary of our intentions. Her trust in us was something we’d have to earn.
We listened to Tatyana’s recount of her escape with wonder. She was an incredible young woman. It was only after she’d finished that it dawned on me that she didn’t know Wadim was dead.
Her reaction to the news was unusually mixed. She wept with joyous relief and gratitude, and then wailed in panic at the possible fate of her mother and brother. Our attempts to calm her down, with the reassurance that we were working on a plan to return and help the survivors, were met with her own stubborn resolve to do the same. We decided to ask her to team up with us. After all, who knew the den better than she?
It was mutually agreed that time was of the essence. There were some straggler vampires on the loose and they needed to be destroyed before they had time to regroup and rebuild. Or, worse yet… warn Dracula.
Tatyana drew a fairly accurate map of the den’s passageways. When she marked the areas where the breeders were kept, Shen shuddered. I looked at my friend with sadness. He’d always held his thoughts and feelings very close, but he didn’t need to speak for me to realize the intense impact our captivity had born on him. Perhaps one day he’d heal enough to be able to share more of the details of his experience. Heaving a heavy sigh, I focused my attention to the matter of devising a clean, swift, and complete recovery of the surviving captives of the den.
We decided to team off in pairs. Bruce paired with Tatyana and I paired with Shen. This way, both teams had someone with the Tugurlan bloodline in case we stumbled upon any stray vampires.
Still in need of substance, we decided not to risk running into the vampire again and ordered room service. Tomorrow we’d make a trip to the arrow maker and have him custom make a larger supply for us just to be safe. If we paid him well, he’d be ready with them within a few hours and we could be back in Wadim’s den by evening.
The thought of entering Wadim’s den during the evening hours didn’t sit well with Shen. He dreaded returning at all. To go back at a time when vampires were at full strength seemed like suicide; especially since we weren’t certain how many survived. He was about to express his concern when he caught a good look at the hope on Tatyana’s face and remembered that timing was critical. Every hour we delayed was an hour that her mother and brother were in peril. He took a deep breath and steeled himself for what lay ahead.
It was decided that it wasn’t safe for Tatyana to return to the meager rooms she’d rented in an inconspicuous motel she’d found on Tropicana Ave. Since Shen was already in a portable bed we’d had placed in the room, Bruce offered to bunk with me, so she could have use of his bed.
It was well past midnight before we were satisfied with our plans and felt comfortable enough to get some rest. Tatyana stared at the glittering lights of the strip as she lay on top of the bed coverings with a coverlet she’d pulled out of the closet over her. She didn’t want to get between the sheets of a bed that belonged to a strange man. It felt far too intimate and act for her.
She was excited about seeing her mother and brother again, but fearful of returning back to the den. Although the news of Wadim’s death brought comfort and reassurance to her, she still harbored resistance to returning to the place that held her in tortuous captivity for so long. Plus, no one knew how many vampires eluded the massacre.
It was only moments after Bruce’s head hit the pillow before his boisterous snores filled the air. I punched a pillow over my ears and reached over to turn off the light. After years of bunking with my cousin, I’d devised a satisfactory way of drowning out his annoying snores in order to sleep. Within moments, my weary body relaxed and I joined him in slumber.
Shen wasn’t as quick to settle in. He placed a call to Dao-Ming to reassure her he was fine and would be coming home soon. He was tempted to tell her about our plans to re-enter the den and rescue the survivors but thought better of it. He knew she’d say what he felt -that we were crazy fools- and he had no defense for that statement. It was better for her to think he was resting for a few days while his body healed before dealing with the crowds on an airplane and the long flight home.
Shen eased his aching body into the soft folds of the covers and turned out the light. Visions of his happy childhood with his parents and Dao-Ming floated before him while all of the built up tension and pain from the last weeks poured forth. When the cloudy memories of his drug induced captivity and the humiliation he and Dao-Ming suffered took over, he was grateful for the darkness that prevented us from seeing his tears as he silently cried himself to sleep.

FORTY-TWO
The transformation to true vampirism was far easier for Osip than he’d anticipated. Dracula not only sympathized with his plight and agreed to allow him to stay with them, but he apologized for the abominable behavior of his bastard son. He took immediately measures to have Osip transformed into a respectable vampire.
Dragomir volunteered to perform the task of transforming Osip and showing him the ways of a vampire. He did it partially because he took an immediately liking to the lad, but mostly because it gave him extreme satisfaction to undo the works of that bastard Wadim.
Osip gave thanks to Dracul daily for his good fortune. Life in Dracula’s castle was such a pleasure. There was no butchering and consuming of human flesh performed there. The vampires, both male and female, carried themselves with an aristocratic air and wouldn’t dream of stooping to cannibalism. They considered themselves far above such barbaric actions. In fact, they rarely killed their victims. They took only enough blood to feed and then removed their victim’s memories by staring into their eyes and mesmerizing them. They called it ‘ensorcelling’. The majority of their victims had no idea they’d even been visited by a vampire. Those who did have some semblance of recollection, thought it was just a dream. Their wounds were small and clean and healed so quickly that if there was a trace of one left for the victim to be aware of, it was often passed off as a spider bite or something similar.
On rare occasions a human suffering from a mortal wound or illness visited Dracula’s castle and asked for immortality. They were interviewed for character and constitution before Dracula decided whether they’d make a suitable addition to his vampire kingdom. Since vampires were practically immortal he was extremely selective. If he felt they’d be an asset they were granted the privilege of becoming a vampire. If they proved weak or of undesirable habitual constitution or their blood was so tainted that it was inconsumable, they were either sent away to die a mortal death or put to death on the spot; depending upon their illness and Dracula’s mood.
Delighted with his new home and state of being, Osip proved an eager and willing student. It wasn’t long before Dragomir felt he was ready to go off on his own to hunt.
Feeling more and more at ease in Dragomir’s presence, Osip decided to question him on some topics that plagued him since he first stood in the presence of the mighty Count Dracula.
“Can I ask you about something that has been troubling me?” he asked with caution.
Dragomir was finishing donning his peacock blue satin waistcoat. Like most of the vampires, when at home, he preferred the dress of centuries gone by. He looked at Osip in the mirror while he pulled and straightened his ruffled sleeves.
“Troubling you?” he asked. “What is that my boy?”
Osip smiled at the reference. Although almost twenty years old, he could only imagine how young he seemed to a vampire who was centuries old, even if he himself didn’t look a day over twenty-five.
“It is about the Count,” he said. “He seems nothing like the stories I have heard, both in the den and over the years.”
Dragomir looked at Osip with curiosity.
“No?” he said with mild amusement mixed with a touch of angst. “What have you heard about father that is incorrect? Perhaps I can shed some light on the subject.”
Although eager to satisfy his curiosity, Osip didn’t miss the taught tone in Dragomir’s voice, so he took his time to choose his words. It wouldn’t do to insult his newfound family and teacher.
“I heard that when he was alive he was an evil lord who enjoyed killing people for the sport; mostly by impaling them,” he said with trepidation.
Dragomir threw his head back and roared with laughter but offered no explanation as to why he found Osip’s comment funny.
“So,” Osip continued, “I was wondering why as a vampire he would be so kind to his victims and not kill them all. Why does he let them live?”
Dragomir moved to the thirteenth-century Gothic sofa that was in his family for generations and stretched his large, well formed, frame over its horsehair and leather padded seat. He laid his head back against the oak boards and heaved a heavy sigh.
“It grieves me to hear the same old tale is still being told,” he said with sincerity. “Sit down for a moment while I correct your misconceptions.”
Osip pulled a thirteenth century style emperor’s chair up close to Dragomir and positioned himself to listen. Dragomir chuckled at Osip’s childlike eagerness, as he began his story.
“Centuries ago, there was a mean and vicious lord known as Vlad the Impaler,” he said. “He was called this because his favorite method used for killing his victims was impalement. He enjoyed watching them die a slow and painful death.
“Vlad was eventually conquered and stopped by King Mathias Hunyadi. The king had him locked up. Shortly thereafter he died. Now comes the falseness of the stories circulating both in and out of vampire dens. Now comes the truth that few know.”
Dragomir paused a moment for effect. Although his actions indicated that this type of storytelling was something he found troublesome and boring, it was far from the truth. He reveled in every opportunity to tell the dramatic tale of how his father came to be.
“Vlad had one good friend and one good friend only. He was his general at arms and a high lord in his lands. This friend was a man who was with the evil Vlad since way back into his childhood. He remembered well the innocent child who was corrupted by a series of painful events. The friend insisted that deep down Vlad was still a kind and generous man who simply lost touch with that part of himself. Many times this loyal friend stood between Vlad and a peasant Vlad intended to harm, and he would stop the evil lord. Since the general was the only true friend Vlad possessed, he would stand aside and allow the general his way. You see, the general had not forgotten the Vlad he grew up with. He stood by Vlad day after day, waiting for him to conquer the evilness of the present Vlad and allow the true man to come forth.” Dragomir waited for the words to sink in with Osip. When he noticed a look of mild admiration in Osip’s far away eyes, he continued, “When Vlad was captured by King Mathias Hunyadi, the general derived a way to enter his cell and trade places with him. He knew that Vlad grew weak and would die if left in the cell. He felt that, since he was strong and a powerful warrior, he would stand a better chance of escape when the opportunity arose. It was a good plan that might have worked, but what he discovered and what happened next was something he wasn’t prepared for.
“You see, his good friend Vlad had secretly made a pact with the mighty Dracul, lord of the demons, when he was a young man because Vlad’s family was at war over their land and they were losing. Vlad had to find a way to keep the land that had been in his family for generation after generation. In an act of desperation, he traded the rights to his soul to Dracul for the strength and power to raise an army, defeat his enemies, and secure his lands. Dracul took the rights to Vlad’s soul right away, allowing him use of it for a certain amount of years. This was the turning point for Vlad’s soul. He went from warm and compassionate to evil and sadistic. It was the salvation of his land, but also the start of his reign of terror.
“The time for Vlad to surrender his soul came during his battle with King Hunyadi. This is why Hunyadi was able to capture him and lock him up. When the general set Vlad free and took his place, it angered Dracul. He felt the general was trying to help Vlad escape from their pact. Of course, the general was innocent and knew nothing of such a pact.
“Vlad was rescued from the dank prison too late. Dracul had already started to extract Vlad’s soul and his body’s weakness caused him to become sick and die. His soul was immediately reclaimed by Dracul.
“The general adamantly pleaded ignorance to trying to help Vlad escape surrendering his soul, but Dracul refused to believe him. He cursed the general. From then on wherever he went, the good general would be believed to truly be Vlad the Impaler. He literally took away the general’s identity and banished him to a life of immortal darkness. He was sentenced to a life where he could never again see the light of day and never feel the warmth of the sun upon his face. Dracul instilled within the general a hunger to live. Such a hunger one cannot describe. In his cruelty, the lord of demons cursed the general one more time. As his friend Vlad had craved blood, so would the general. Instead of craving blood for sport, the general would crave and need blood for survival. It would be his manna.
“In his twisted humor, Dracul named the general Dracula, meaning son of Dracul. Because he was already a great lord, Dracul gave him the title of a Count. That general, the great Count Dracula, is my father.”
Dragomir took a deep breath and shook his head.
“In the beginning, the Count was angry. Spurred by Dracul’s influence, he lashed out at those around him and killed them viciously. He was completely out of control. During the festival of St. Michael, King Mathias and his people prayed for refuge from these attacks. St. Michael took pity on the king and his people and gifted the king’s most loyal general, and the general’s bloodline thereafter, with the ability to destroy the evil Count Dracula. This general’s name must never be spoken. So I shall not mention it now.
“The Count heard of this gift being bestowed upon the powerful general so he fled to the hills of China on the borders of Tibet. He hid there while he grew more accustomed to his new way of life and the powers that went with it. He was fascinated with the ways of Buddhism and studied it. Little by little, a sense of peace mingled with the rage Dracul had instilled within him. As a result, he grew more merciful in his hunting. He eventually ceased his ruthless killing. He began to leave his victims whole and, for the most part, unharmed. He lived in those mountains and waited until the Romanian general and his sons and daughters forgot about their gift from St. Michael and it was safe to again return to his family’s castle and land.
“As a form of insurance for his welfare and the welfare of his den, he hunted down the ancestors of the general who knew they could destroy him and killed them off. The few who didn’t realize they that power but noticed he had targeted their lineage and feared for their life escaped to foreign lands.
“Excuse me for interrupting,” Osip said. He’d heard rumors of Dragomir’s hatred of Wadim and was unsure if he was doing the right thing in asking, but he just had to know. “Is that when he met Wadim’s mother?”
As he’d anticipated, Dragomir’s face twisted with rage. After a few moments he managed to regain his composure and politely answer the question.
“Yes,” he said stoically. “It was during that time when he met and fell in love with a local peasant girl. When she discovered his true nature, she killed herself before he was able to turn her into a vampire, but not before she gave birth to that bastard half-brother of mine.” Dragomir chuckled. “He denies his Chinese heritage and Chinese name out of anger for what his mother did. Her actions doomed him to an eternity of illegitimacy. Tsk, tsk.”
“Forgive me for saying this, for I know you are brothers, but I despise him,” Osip said just above a whisper.
He had no idea how his bold confession would solidify his position in Dragomir’s good books.
“Truly?” Dragomir said as he leaned forward. His red eyes gleamed with pleasure. “Tell me why.”
“Count Dracula is a gentleman. He may have done as you say, but that was a long time ago and some goodness has returned to him, of which he has exercised far longer than he exercised the evilness placed in him by Dracul,” Osip explained. “Let’s not forget that he was a great general who was not a stranger to wars and killing. It is only natural that he would hunt down and kill his enemies.
“He lives his life of cursed existence with dignity. Wadim is not dignified. He is no better than a peasant; perhaps worse. He kills for the sport and eats flesh for the glory. He turned me into a vampire in the worst way possible. It was slow and excruciatingly painful. Such pain I cannot describe. He did this, not because of my actions, but because of my sister’s actions. He threw me out of his den, knowing I had limited knowledge or skills to survive on my own. He threw me out when I did nothing. Nothing except breath air.”
Dragomir gasped with disgust as Osip’s told his story. His father shared only a portion of the story when he took on the task of undoing Wadim’s damage. Hearing the full extent of Wadim’s repulsive ways ground at his very core. He wanted to do something special for Osip. Something to counteract what his bastard half-brother did.
“We are of demon blood. Make no mistake
about that. Even so…we are not animals,” he said passionately. “We are dignified aristocrats of the night. As aristocrats, we command respect and revenge when it is deemed necessary. You are now one of us. We will get you the respect and revenge you desire and deserve. Tell me the one thing you would like most in the world and I will grant it for you. If it is beyond my means, I will see that father does it for you.”
Osip didn’t need to even think about what to ask for.
“My mother,” he said without hesitation. “She is a breeder in Wadim’s den and with child. I heard them say that she is wearing down and after this child is born they will send her to the feeding stables. I cannot stand the thought of such a fate for her. She has been given enough of Wadim’s blood to make her transformation to vampirism smooth and speedy. It would be nothing like the torture I experienced. After all, her body already makes vampires.” Osip gave a short snort as the memories of his mother’s humiliation and anguish rushed back. “She even had to finish making me. I’ve been born from her twice. I wish to bring her here and let her live worry free as a vampire with dignity. That is my one wish.”
“A wish easily granted,” Dragomir said with a smile of smug satisfaction.
He’d been searching for an excuse to travel to Wadim’s den and put him in his place. His father forbade him to chase after Doru. He knew full well that finding Doru was but an excuse to battle Wadim, but the granting of a promise made was a sacred one. Dracula could not and would not deny Dragomir the opportunity of making good on Osip’s request. Finally, after centuries of agonizing torment, his day would come.

FORTY-THREE
It was almost dusk before the valet pulled our SUV out of the parking garage and we piled in. Shen and I climbed in the back seat, leaving Tatyana to sit up front with Bruce. Even if Tatyana seemed oblivious, it was clear that Bruce was more than just a little smitten with her. It was a long time since I saw my cousin so taken by a female. It saddened me that they met under such dire circumstances, but then no one really knows when or if the right person will come along. So, dire circumstances or not, we fully intended to give my cousin the space he needed to get to know Tatyana a little better. This was another reason why I had decided to pair up with Shen.
Tatyana felt a sense of security and comfort while in Bruce’s presence. She hadn’t felt such peace since before her father died, but it was more than that. She felt something else as well. There was a sort of tugging deep inside her abdomen whenever he’d come close and lightly brush against her. She wasn’t sure what to make of it. She only knew that she liked it a lot.
The traffic was heavier than we’d anticipated and it took longer than planned to reach the sporting goods shop. Not wanting to take the time to find parking, Bruce double parked and stayed behind the wheel while Shen and I went in to collect our order.
Cars honked their annoyance at the inconvenience our double parked SUV created, but Bruce held firm in his decision to wait there. He expected us to return any time now with our arms laden with arrows. The last thing he wanted to do was to drive off and risk missing us. The only thing that would have made him do such a thing would be an order from a cop. Fortunately, there were none in sight.
A beggar came up along the driver’s side of the SUV and tapped on Bruce’s window. He rolled it down enough to be able to toss a few dollars in the beggars can. He found the amount of homeless people in Las Vegas unnerving and couldn’t wait to get back to his small community where the only people who asked for money on the streets were the people volunteering for a charity campaign.
Tatyana shook her head and smiled. She’d grown street wise since her escape from Wadim’s den and guessed the beggar had a better home than she could ever obtain. She considered telling this to Bruce but was sidetracked when she spotted us coming out of the sports shop with our arms heavily laden. She hopped out and held our door open, for which we were both grateful.
It was decided we should return our SUV to the hotel, take a cab to the end of Fremont Street, and then walk the rest of the way. This would give us a better opportunity to scope the street crowds for possible vampire activity as well as provide us with the ability to determine what entry would be the best one for us to use.
Bruce and Tatyana waited outside while Shen and I checked out the novelty shop. We wanted to see if our magic seal was still strong around the door that led to Wadim’s den. As we entered the shop, my body practically convulsed with eerie anticipation. I grabbed my stomach as if in pain. When Shen gave me a questioning look, I simply nodded for us to continue on.
The clerked pulled his nose out of his horror novel and looked at us like he was trying to remember where he’d seen us before, but he made no move to stop us. Instead, he stuck his nose back into the pages of his novel as if we didn’t exist.
To our amazement and relief, the seal on the door was still solid. The spell to make the door invisible to the human eye and impassable to those who had the ability to see it was still holding firm.
I gave Shen a quick smile and headed back out of the shop. I was experiencing a sense of high anxiety and was eager to get to the entrance that Mei-Lien took us through. I didn’t recall Tatyana mentioning it and wondered if she even knew it existed. I hoped it was left open and easy for us to find.
A wave of sadness swept over me as I thought of Mei-Lien’s emaciated body lying in the morgue just blocks away. I hoped we finished our task quickly so that I could accompany her body back to Queens and see her laid to rest in a manner she deserved.

****

Shen leaned against the wall of the incense laden shop while he struggled to regain his footing. It was his intention to follow on my heels and get out of the shop as quickly as possible, but some unseen force pulled him back. He was also overcome with nausea and felt lightheaded and disoriented. When he opened his mouth to call out to me, nothing came forth. That familiar frustration over not having control of his own body that he’d experienced while he was held captive in Wadim’s den returned full force.
Feeling an eerie chill down his spine, he slowly looked behind him and found himself face to face with the same vampire we’d spotted in the restaurant the night before. Shen gasped in surprise as the vampire grabbed his throat, cutting off his breathing passage and causing him to fall into a deep well of darkness.

****

Bruce stood close to Tatyana as he watched me come out of the novelty shop.
“So, how’s it look?” he asked.
“You did a damn fine job, cousin,” I proudly reported. “It’s still holding strong.”
I patted him on the back to emphasize my approval.
Bruce scowled. He was no longer interested in my complement. Shen should have been right behind me and he was nowhere in sight.
“Where’s Shen?” he asked.
I turned in surprise and searched the crowd anxiously.
“I thought he was right behind me,” I said with concern. “Hell. Let me go see what’s keeping him. You two… don’t move!”
I didn’t wait for Bruce’s response. I didn’t like what was happening. It wasn’t like Shen to lag behind. Something must have happened, but what? Did the store clerk suddenly remember us and detain him?
Panic consumed me as I rushed through the novelty shop searching for my friend. I stopped at the door in the back and looked it over for signs of a weakness in the barrier but could see nothing.
The clerk looked back at me with annoyance.
“Can he help you?” he sneered.
“My friend,” I said breathlessly. “Did you see where he went?”
My body trembled as I watched an evil smirk form on the clerk’s face.
“Did you think that was their only entry?” he asked. “This place is full of secret passages. Just ask your friend.”
The clerk threw his head back in wicked, squeaky laughter.
Bruce arrived at the opening of the novelty shop just in time to hear the clerk’s taunting. Without a moment’s hesitation he was behind the counter and holding the clerk in a choke hold.
“Tell us where he is, you son-of-a-bitch,” he bellowed. “What have you done with him?”
Tatyana stood frozen in place as she watched the life seemingly ebb from the clerk. When it looked as if his eyes would pop right out of his head from the pressure of Bruce’s hold and he could no long gasp a breath, Bruce released him and flung him to the floor. “Tell me where he is, you son-of-a-bitch, or I’ll grab you again!”
The clerk threw his hands over his head in a vain attempt to defend himself as he scooted across the floor on his backside. He wanted to get as much space between himself and Bruce as he could.
“Fane has him,” he screeched.
Bruce and I looked at Tatyana simultaneously. Did she know who the clerk was talking about? Her deathly white face and trembling body told us all we needed to know.
“Who is Fane?” Bruce roared at the clerk.
The clerk scrambled to his feet with surprising speed and darted out of the shop before Bruce could grab hold of him again. His words trailed behind him as he disappeared into the crowd.
“Ask her, she knows!” he shouted.
Tatyana hung her head and spoke so low we had to strain to hear her words.
“He is Wadim’s son. His first born,” she said.
“But, Dumitru....” I began.
My words trailed off as Tatyana’s eyes met mine.
“Dumitru was Wadim’s favorite son,” she explained. “Fane is his first born. He has possession of all of Wadim’s knowledge, skills, and powers.” Her voice grew stronger. There was a hint of rage mixed in with the fear. “He left the den before my escape. The rumor was that he was looking for a new location to start his expansion plan. He must not have returned before you killed Wadim.”
“Shit,” I moaned.
My knees went weak as it sunk in that my friend was once again in the clutches of the evil vampires.
The realization struck Bruce at just about the same time.
“Now what do we do?” he asked with dismay.
I was silent for several minutes before my pale and haggard looking face looked at Bruce squarely and I said, “I haven’t a clue.”

****

Shen didn’t need to open his eyes to know where the vampire took him. The faint scent of Dao-Ming was still on the pillow his aching head rested on. He couldn’t believe this happened. His body still ached from his battle with Wadim’s suma wrestler just a few nights earlier and he was still trying to free himself from the remnants of the drug Wadim forced down him daily. Now, here he was. Right back in the same trap.
He rolled on his side and looked around at the floral wallpaper. He hadn’t noticed it while he was a captive before. In fact, there was a lot about the room he hadn’t noticed. He assumed this was because he was in a surreal, drug induced state the entire time. As of yet, there’d been no drug forced down him so his senses were still acute. He took in his surroundings with a new interest. He didn’t know what was going to happen, but just in case they decided to drug him again, he wanted to know the layout of the room and any possible escape points before he lost his coherency. Maybe, just maybe, he’d get out of this alive.
He wondered if Bruce and I figured out what happened to him. Since it was already our intention to enter the den and rescue as many as possible, he was sure we’d look for him and the odds were high that we’d find him; especially with Tatyana’s in-depth knowledge of the layout of the den. He just needed to hang on until we came for him.
He slid off the bed and padded as softly as he could to the window. He was careful not to make any noise that would alert anyone who might be on the opposite side of the door that he was up and about. He needed time to look around, test the strength and weakness of any openings and locks, think, and plan.


FORTY-FOUR
I followed Tatyana and Bruce through the alley door that led to the dungeon. I’d brought up the topic of the hairy beast that lived there when she mentioned this entrance. She identified it as a werewolf. Earlier, we would have laughed such a notion off, but now we huddled close together while staying prepared for action if we encountered it. Armed with only our crossbows and arrows, we hoped it would be enough. Crossbows worked on vampires, but what about werewolves?
It took a moment for our eyes to adjust to the dimly lit dungeon. We crept along slowly, looking in all directions for the creature. We were almost to the bottom of the stairwell when he appeared out of nowhere. His enormous hairy hands yanked Bruce back, knocking him off balance and causing him to fall to his ass. Before we could register what was happening, the creature grabbed him by the throat and pulled him to his feet.
To both Bruce’s and my surprise, it was Tatyana who reacted first. With lightning speed, she twirled and landed her foot square into the werewolf’s chest. It was just enough to cause him to loosen his grip on Bruce so he could twist free.
Tatyana and I locked eyes just long enough for her to catch a glimpse of my admiration and then we both attacked the werewolf, chiseling at it with every martial arts move we knew.
Bruce seized the opportunity to grab an arrow and stab the werewolf through the heart. It stumbled and fell to the ground. It was immobilized, but still breathing.
“That will not kill it,” Tatyana said. Her words were breathy as she did her best to slow her breathing down. Having been a student of Dumitru’s over the years to help pass the time away, she’d never actually used her skills in a real battle. It was far more strenuous than she could have imagined. “You must either cut off his head or cut out his heart.”
“No!” Bruce growled in disgust. “Have you looked at that thing?”
I reached into the zippered compartment of the crossbow case and pulled out a hunter’s knife. Bruce had no idea it was in there and couldn’t help wondering at my foresight in packing it. Without a moment’s hesitation, I plunged my weight onto the werewolf and stabbed at its chest. Its agonizing roar echoed off the walls. The blade hit a rib and stopped. I froze with my hand on the blade handle. Although it was a creature of darkness, I still couldn’t stand the thought of butchering him in such an inhumane manner. The werewolf’s pain was obvious; not to mention the fact that he was starting to get up.
Realizing my dilemma, Bruce grabbed the werewolf’s head and snapped it to the side with all of his might. A loud crack permeated the air and the beast lay motionless.
“It is only temporary,” Tatyana reminded us. “You must either cut off its head or cut out its heart.” She looked at the stairwell. She was worried that someone might have heard the werewolf’s agonizing roars. “Hurry, before we are caught.”
Bruce took a deep breath and pushed my hand from the knife handle. With a look of disgust, he pulled the knife out of the werewolf’s rib and with the fortitude and accuracy of an accomplished hunter, he severed the beast’s head from its body and tossed it into the darkness.
I looked at the blood on Bruce and my hands.
“Do you think they’ll smell this?” I asked.
“You will have to change your clothes and wash the blood off,” Tatyana said matter-of-factly.
She didn’t wait for our response as she turned and climbed the stairs two steps at a time. She was eager to find Shen so we could rescue her mother.
Bruce looked at me and scowled as he said, “Well, we both know that’s not going to happen.”

****

Shen knew all too well the sound of the werewolf’s cry. This time there was something different about it. He wondered if it had anything to do with his rescue party. The slow turning of the doorknob caught his attention and he rushed back to the bed to fain sleep. He did his best to peek from beneath his eyelids while still looking authentic.
The young man servant who entered the room was someone Shen didn’t recognize. He moved rather timidly around the bed, as if wary of Shen’s sleeping body. Perhaps he was fearful of waking him? Shen found this puzzling but decided to wait and see what happened. The servant stopped at the nightstand and placed a small vile of liquid on it. Shen didn’t recognize it as the dreaded potion but suspected it would have some type of mind-altering effect.
Content to wait until Shen awoke, the servant moved to the opposite side of the room and sat down in the chair while he silently watched him sleep.
Shen debated on whether he should rouse himself or stall for time. He decided to do the latter. He controlled his breathing to the cadence of someone who was in a deep state of relaxation. Its rhythmic breathiness dominated the silence of the small room with a hypnotic effect. It wasn’t long before the servant was leaning against the wall, snoring.
Smiling with satisfaction, Shen watched for a while to make sure he was truly asleep. Once satisfied, he crawled off the bed and tip toed to the door. Making as little noise as possible, he turned the doorknob. To Shen’s good fortune, the young man had neglected to lock the door. It pulled open easily. Once out in the hallway, he hesitated. He didn’t know his way around the den. Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea to go wandering. Perhaps he should stay put and wait for us to find him. Also, the servant would eventually wake up and alert the vampires he was missing.
Sparing one more wistful glance down the empty corridor, Shen re-entered the room and closed the door. Although the servant was still sleeping, his breathing had changed and Shen felt certain he’d wake at any moment. Unsure if he was dealing with a vampire or one of the resident humans, and not wanting to take the chance of waking him by looking for fangs, Shen decided he’d better be safe than sorry and strike while he still had the advantage. He moved quickly to the nightstand and grabbed the vile containing the potion. Then, with the power and strength that was needed to battle a vampire and far more than should be used on a human being, he planted his foot in the lad’s chest.
The startled servant’s eyes flew open and his fangs protruded in surprised rage as he gasped for air. Shen used this opportunity to pour the contents of the vile down the vampire’s throat. Satisfied, he quickly spun and landed two more kicks on the vampire’s skull. The lad was obviously new at vampirism and hadn’t yet gained control of all of his powers. This was yet another advantage for Shen.
Aware that he couldn’t kill the vampire, Shen also knew he could at least temporarily put him out of commission if he stabbed him through the heart. With surprising strength and speed, he yanked at the wooden rod holding the curtains that surrounded the canopy bed and split it over his knee. Using the weight of his body to assist him, he drove the pointed end into the vampire’s chest. The vampire wailed and crumpled to the floor. Shen took the tie backs from the drapes and tied the vampire’s arms and legs as tightly as he could. He wasn’t sure how much use that would be when the vampire recovered from the stabbing, but he decided it was worth a try. He was also not sure what kind of effect the potion would have on a vampire. He hoped it would disorient him at least enough to prevent him from escaping his bindings until Shen was safely away.

FORTY-FIVE
Fane paced the floor of his father’s study. Everything was such a mess. He’d gone off to find a new location for their den and returned very pleased with himself. He’d located a perfect spot in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. His father would have been proud of him.
Returning only hours after the slaughter of his father, siblings, and many prominent vampires, Fane retreated to the recesses of the den to recover from the shock and to think of what to do next. With his father gone, it was up to him to pull things together and squelch the panic running rampant amongst the few fortunate vampires who happen to have either not been invited or not been able to attend his father’s ball.
Since he and everyone around him considered themselves invincible, the revelation that there was someone who had the power to kill them was traumatizing. He was sure more than ever that they needed to relocate as quickly as possible. Before they did so, he needed to eliminate their threat. It was difficult to find out exactly what happened, since those who were there didn’t survive. As luck would have it, he found a vampire who managed to escape the slaughter and, after extreme patience on Fane’s part, he was able to pull enough details out of the traumatized vampire to piece things together.
It was pure luck that Fane happened to stumble on us in the restaurant. He was originally seeking only to recapture Tatyana. She was marked to breed with Dumitru, but he’d always coveted her. Now that his brother was dead, there was nothing to stop him. In fact, he wanted her for more than breeding. Having been taken by her looks and charming personality since her capture, it galled him to think Dumitru would be breeding her. He’d asked his father multiple times to reconsider letting him take her as his wife, but Dumitru had claimed her first so Wadim wouldn’t allow the marriage.
Fane wanted Tatyana by his side for eternity. He hated Dumitru for being his father’s favorite and resented his father for denying him Tatyana as a wife just to appease Dumitru’s lust. He was Wadim’s first born and should have been able to have who he desired as his first wife. Now, there was nothing to stop him.
He’d followed us to the hotel, but, knowing that Bruce and I had the power to destroy him, he decided to watch us and wait for an opportunity to catch us unawares. It came sooner than he could have hoped the very next night in the novelty shop outside the east wing of the den. As luck would have it, he was able to grab Shen without being noticed. He intended to hold him captive and lure the rest of us into his den, where he’d destroy us once and for all. If Tatyana should be with us, all the better. If not, he’d find her soon enough.
His musing was interrupted by a knock on the door. He didn’t mask his surprise when Osip and Dragomir entered. Looking at Osip was like looking at a male version of Tatyana. There was no mistaking their kinship.
“Well, well, Osip. You have returned,” he said. “Very good. I was sorry to hear of what my father did to you after your sister ran away. I am glad to see you survived this mess and are able to rejoin us.”
Unaccustomed to being ignored, Dragomir cleared his throat loudly. Osip rushed to make introductions.
“Thank you, my Lord Fane. May I introduce to you the first born son of Count Dracula and your uncle, Dragomir Dracula?” he said meekly.
Fane’s eyes narrowed at the reference of Dragomir being Dracula’s first born. It was common knowledge his father was the true first born son of Dracula; although illegitimate. He looked at Dragomir long and hard. So, this was the half-brother of his father who’d treated him so abominably over the centuries. This was the first born legitimate son of the great Count Dracula. He could see a family resemblance, although small.
It was no secret that Dragomir hated Wadim, which raised question as to why he was standing in Wadim’s den. Fane surmised it was because of Doru’s demise.
“It is a pleasure to meet you at last, nephew,” Dragomir said with false sweetness.
He’d caught the fleeting irritation displayed on Fane’s face at his introduction. Although it wasn’t Wadim his presence was irritating, it gave him satisfaction none-the-less. No longer willing to wait for Fane to develop manners, he smiled cordially and made himself comfortable in an eighteenth century wing-back armchair. His centuries old, aristocratic fingers traced the elaborate crewel work as he took in the room.
“We have just arrived and have found the place in total disarray. Vampires are scurrying here and there with little if any manners; or focus for that matter. We could discover nothing of the whereabouts of your father or my brother,” Dragomir said as he chuckled sarcastically. “The best we could do was to be directed here to be graced with your audience.” Fane’s soft, deep throated growl of annoyance didn’t go unnoticed by Dragomir as he continued to speak with an arrogant tone. “Is it customary for you to interview your father’s guests prior to his receiving them?”
Wadim’s eldest son couldn’t believe his ears. Did his uncle really not know his brothers were dead? Had no one told him? He cursed his luck that he’d have to be the one to give such terrible news and wished he hadn’t returned when he did. Things were just getting worse and worse. He rang for the servant to bring a carafe of blood.
Although he would have preferred something fresh, Dragomir accepted it graciously while he waited for Fane to speak.
The short reprieve while they waited for the servant to putter around the room and then leave, gave Fane an opportunity to study Osip more closely. He’d changed. When Fane saw him last, he was still a human servant to his father. He’d heard about the terrible demise his father suffered on Osip and looked for signs of such, but there were none. In fact, Osip had a glow about him that couldn’t be found on any of Wadim’s vampires. Fane couldn’t place the reason for this glow, until he looked at Dragomir and saw that he looked the same. Good Dracul! Had Osip given up his alteration and been transformed into a mere vampire? Could this be true?
One of the gifts that a vampire possessed was to be able to read the minds of humans. To Dragomir’s surprise and satisfaction, he was able to read Fane’s mind. He assumed it was because Fane was a mutated strain of vampire, with just enough human DNA in him to give him human traits.
“You feel a true, pure vampire is simply a mere vampire?” he asked with open hostility. His fangs protruded threateningly as he spat out the words.
Fane was taken aback by the fact that his thoughts were being read by Dragomir. This definitely put him at a disadvantage. It wasn’t his intention to anger his uncle at such a delicate time as this, no matter how much resentment he harbored towards him and his kind for considering his father and his father’s son’s abominable outcasts. The situation was getting worse and worse.
Certain his father and his offspring would be blamed for Doru’s demise and thinking a better defense was a good offense, Fane decided to just tell his uncle about Doru’s fate and get it over with. Although used to Wadim’s vicious, barbaric, and aggressive behavior, nothing could have prepared him for the rage that sprang from the centuries old, full- blooded vampire. It couldn’t have been worse than if he was standing before the great Count Dracula himself.
Osip quietly slipped to the corner of the room and braced himself for whatever may come.
FORTY-SIX
Tatyana wasted no time leading Bruce and me directly to the breeding quarters.
Shen was watching for us out of the doorway of his room. The vampire was stronger than he’d anticipated. He was forced to utilize his knowledge of pressure points on the body to keep him in tow until help arrived. Spotting us making our way down the corridor as inconspicuously as possible, he swung open the door and motioned us in.
“Man, am he glad to see you,” I said.
I’d kept my voice just above a whisper, but never-the-less my enthusiasm was apparent.
“No more than me, but, first things first,” Shen said as he pointed to the unconscious vampire tied up on the bed. “Kill him, please.”
Bruce smiled as he pulled an arrow out of his carrying case and gripped it with a firm hand.
“Happy to oblige,” he said. Then he turned to Tatyana with a look of concern. “You might not want to watch this, they go slow and it isn’t pretty.”
Tatyana nodded and swallowed hard but kept her eyes on the unconscious vampire. She recognized him as Wadim’s former human servant, Seth. He’d opted to turn vampire just before she ran away. She watched in horror as he twisted and writhed in agony after Bruce plunged the arrow into his chest. Although she knew that he was now an evil creature of darkness that had to be destroyed, it was painful to watch someone she’d known as a human twist in agony while dying.
I moved next to Tatyana and gently took her elbow.
“Did you know him?” I asked.
She silently nodded.
“Was he your friend?” I continued.
She shook her head.
He wasn’t her friend. He was just a fellow captive who opted to turn vampire rather than become their meal. Even so, it didn’t mean that what she just witnessed hadn’t been horrifying.
Shen sympathized with Tatyana. Wadim’s den was the only home she’d known for almost five years. She’d grown used to these people and probably made a few friends amongst them. Even if this vampire wasn’t her friend or even if she’d never met him or known him when he was a human, the death scene she just witnessed was enough to leave scars. He wanted to give her time to process it, but time was of the essence.
“I am sorry,” he said sympathetically. “We must go now.”
“Yes,” Tatyana said in a husky whisper, “Now we find my family.”
With one last look at the crumpled spot on the bed where Seth had writhed and gasped for his final breath, Tatyana silently motioned us to follow her down the corridor and deeper into the vampire’s den.
As we turned a corner, we could hear the murmuring and wailings of the breeding women. Without warning, a guard leaped out from seemingly nowhere and grabbed Tatyana. Without a moment’s hesitation, she twisted her body into a position where she could use the defense moves Dumitru taught her. Within seconds she took the guard by surprise and freed herself. The guard quickly regained his composure and snarled as he started for her again. Before any of us could move to help her, Tatyana let loose a series of kicks that sent the guard crashing to the ground. Shen looked at her with obvious approval while Bruce quickly drove an arrow into the vampire’s heart.
As we pushed on, Tatyana looked over her shoulder at the vampire guard while he twisted and writhed until he was gone and shuddered. She had no love for the vampires and was happy to destroy them, but she was sorry it was such an agonizing process. She was born with special gifts. She could hear things that other couldn’t hear and know things that other didn’t know. She could also feel the pain of people. Because these vampires retained a certain amount of human DNA, it allowed her to feel their pain as they died.
Thanks to Tatyana’s detailed knowledge of the secret passageways of the den, we reached the breeder’s quarters with no further mishaps and were soon at Anouska’s side. Shen recognized her immediately as one of his dinner companions at Wadim’s great table and scowled with concern. Although he’d been in a drugged stupor, he still could recall that her behavior at the table led him to believe that she was on the verge of turning into a vampire. He wondered if we might be too late to help her but said nothing.
Anouska gave a gasp of despair when she spotted her daughter creeping behind the folds of thick tapestry covered walls.
“What are you doing here?” she whimpered. She struggled against the bulk of her stomach as she lifted her body off the eighteenth century Gustavian day bed and stood, only briefly, before falling back onto it. She was in the final days of her pregnancy and she found it more and more difficult to move around. Birthing a vampire baby was far more taxing than birthing a human. “You must not be here.”
Tatyana had escaped. What would possess her to return like this? Especially now that Wadim was dead and things were in such turmoil.
“I have come for you,” her daughter explained. “Tell those who are still untainted to come now. We must hurry.”
Tatyana looked around the room at the sad and bedraggled looking women. Many of them were weak from the lack of their daily dose of vampire blood and looked ready to expire. For a fleeting moment she wondered why Fane allowed this and then remembered that they were little more than livestock to the vampire. There was talk of him moving the den and he probably only wanted to move the strongest breeders. Allowing the weak to expire on their own accord made sense. If he’d slaughtered them all at once before he was set up and ready to relocate he’d have compromised their food supply.
Tatyana shook her head to clear it and focused again on the matter at hand. We had only a brief window of opportunity before we’d be discovered. We needed to leave right away.
“We must go now,” she urged. “Where is Osip? Have you seen him?”
“I am here, dear sister,” came a voice from the shadows.
Osip’s red eyes peered from the darkness as he slowly moved into the light. He was followed by Dragomir and Fane. After an extended session of threatening snarls, Dragomir realized that battling his nephew was a useless waste of his energy and would get him nowhere amidst such chaos. Clearly Fane felt the same, for as soon as Dragomir calmed down he offered to assist in their mission of finding Osip’s mother.
Tatyana gasped at the sight of her brother turned vampire. She hadn’t expected it. She recognized Fane, but who was the vampire with him?
Shen, Bruce, and I moved close beside Tatyana. Our little group formed a human wall between the vampires and Anouska.
Fane sneered as he looked directly at Shen. “I see you have escaped your quarters,” he spat. “No matter. Your purpose was to draw your friends into my den and you have served that purpose.”
“Well nephew, are you going to introduce us?” Dragomir asked.
His powerful voice permeated the women’s quarters, causing many to stop their wailing and sit up to listen more intently to what was happening. Fear had been running rampant since Wadim’s death. There were rumors and speculation as to their fate. The common census was that Fane was moving his vampires and they’d all be slaughtered prior to the relocation. There were already a significant number of breeders removed from their quarters with no word of where they were taken or what was done with them. Only the women heavy with child remained.
“Well uncle,” Fane began. “This sweet young lady with the lovely red locks is Tatyana. She has been a ward of the den for the last few years. I intend to keep her for my wife.” Fane’s fiery eyes glowed as he sneered with sheer pleasure. “What do you think, uncle? Do you think she will make a fine wife?”
“A wife,” Dragomir said as he looked at Tatyana hungrily. “She will be your first?”
“Indeed, she will,” he replied.
Fane cooed the words while he devoured Tatyana lustfully with his eyes.
“The others? Who might they be?” Dragomir continued.
He had a feeling he knew, but he didn’t want to assume.
Osip seized the opportunity to earn points with Dragomir and said, “I recognize the Chinese guy. He is a breeder. Wadim coveted his bloodline for some reason.”
“Really?” Dragomir’s interest peaked. “Do tell. Why might that be?”
Shen was feeling the intensity of the situation and wanted nothing more than to get as far away from that place as he could. He nudged me as I stood as immobile as a statue while doing his best to appear calm and determined.
His nudge brought me to life. I yanked on Bruce’s elbow and we moved quickly to the corner of the room, leaving only our fronts exposed should the vampires attack; which they were certain to do, at some point. Shen and Tatyana remained where they stood. He tried to escort her to the corner of the room as well, but she resisted his tug and refused to move.
“I am not afraid of these creatures,” she spat. “I have lived amongst them for too long.” Tatyana looked fearlessly into Fane’s blazing eyes. “You repulse me and I will not be your wife or anything else to you.”
Fane threw his head back and roared with laughter.
“The girl has got spunk!” he said with pleasure. “It is one of the many qualities I find so endearing in her.”
Although amused, Dragomir grew bored with this confrontation. His need to feed was getting stronger and there stood before him fresh human blood that hadn’t been tainted by Wadim’s mutation process.
“Why are we spending time in trivial conversation with these humans?” he asked. “I have traveled a long way and would like to freshen up before I dine…” He looked Bruce up and down like a predator evaluates its prey, “on this one, I believe.”
Although taken aback by Dragomir’s comment, Bruce held firm with his position and waited for a sign from me. We needed to kill these bastards and get out of there. He didn’t understand why I wasn’t taking action.
“Are we going to do something soon?” Bruce whispered between lips that barely moved.
I knew that time was of the essence and we needed to take action, but I was still uncertain what to do about Tatyana’s family. It was clear that Osip had turned vampire and it looked like Anouska was almost there; maybe to the point of no return. What was unclear was what Tatyana was prepared to do about it. I was doing my best to assess the situation.
“Wait just a little longer,” I whispered back.
Osip moved forward and extended his hand to Tatyana.
“Come, sister,” he urged affectionately. “Become one of us. I cannot tell you how liberating it is.”
Tatyana stepped back quickly. The obvious excitement her brother held for such a vile state of being shook her to her very core. She didn’t know what to do; or worse yet, what her brother would do.
Now that he was no longer human, would he have compassion for her and spare her life or would he act as the other vile creatures and force a life of the undead on her? A mutated one at that? She could no longer sense or know what he was thinking or feeling. He was too much vampire with no human left. Her body tensed and she instinctively threw herself into defense mode.
Noticing the change in Tatyana’s posture, Shen also positioned himself for the battle to come. Seeing this, Osip smiled. He’d always had a strong admiration for martial arts and, even though he wasn’t as free as Tatyana was while living in Wadim’s den, he’d still managed to secure lessons from Dumitru as well as some of Dumitru’s star students. He felt more than ready to battle Shen. In fact, he looked forward to it; especially now that he was developing his vampire powers. They hadn’t reached their state of maturity yet, but they were sufficient enough to add extra strength and power to his moves.
“Step aside sister,” Osip said with that all familiar vampire growl.
Tatyana winced with remorse.
Dragomir raised his eyebrows in mild amusement. The sport of martial arts wasn’t common amongst the vampires of Count Dracula’s castle. Fencing was more their choice. He hadn’t realized Osip was skilled in such an art. This could be an amusing highlight for a rather disappointing and grizzly trip.
Fane had never been attracted to sports of any kind. Since he was already living in Dumitru’s shadow, he’d refrained from learning this manner of fighting for fear he couldn’t measure up to his younger brother’s skills. He motioned Dragomir to a pair of comfortable, blue satin upholstered eighteenth century Italian carved and gilded chairs. Uncle and nephew positioned themselves with the enthusiasm found in spectators who possessed ringside seats at a match.
Fane and Dragomir had barely moved away before Osip attacked Shen. Shen pushed Tatyana free from the fighting zone with such force that she fell to her knees. She pulled herself up indignantly, but Bruce acted quickly and pulled her even further from the battle scene. She resisted his taught grip briefly, and then resigned herself to watch, wait, and see.
Loud cracking rang through the air as Shen and Osip battled to the death. This was no exhibition fight. It was serious and they both knew it. Although impressed with Shen’s mastery in Kung Fu, Osip rapidly grew frustrated as his best moves were blocked and countered time after time.
Shen spun through the air with such accuracy and speed that even he was surprised. He was grateful for the years of training that led up to this point. His body seemed to be moving on its own while it ignored the pain it was in and left his mind free to move forward beyond the fight. He could see that Osip was wearing down and it wouldn’t be long before he’d be finished. What then? Would Bruce and I finally take action?
It was clear to us all that Tatyana wanted to save her mother and was still in shocked confusion about her brother. When the time came to destroy Osip, would she stand in our way?
Shen kicked Osip so powerfully in the chest that he fell backward and lay motionless. As he stopped the motion of his body, my eyes locked with Anouska’s and again I wondered if she could be saved. After all, she drank Wadim’s blood daily for many years to make her body a viable vessel for vampire babies. She looked as if she was ready to turn at any moment. She looked much like Mei-Lien had looked in her final days.
Anouska had always had the ability to sense or even know what someone was thinking. That gift, along with the vampire traits she’d developed from a steady diet of vampire blood made it easy for her to read my mind. She knew her time had come and she also knew she’d do anything to avoid living as the undead. She welcomed the sweet blessedness of eternal darkness. Even an eternity with Dracul was more appealing than the life of a flesh eating vampire.
Seeing her son in such a state brought tears to her eyes. The knowledge that she’d played a role in turning him into this monster was almost unbearable. She should have refused Wadim’s orders and allowed them both to die, but the motherly instinct in her was strong and she couldn’t ignore it, no matter how much she wanted to. It was too late for Osip, but Tatyana was still human and untainted by Wadim and his monsters. She was determined to keep it that way. They’d gotten one of her children, but they couldn’t have both. She wasn’t sure what she could do to stop these fiends from destroying her daughter as well, but she knew she must try.
With the exception of Anouska and me, all eyes were on Osip’s seemingly lifeless body as she forced herself to stand. She was close to her delivery time and the effort brought forth a searing pain that consumed her entire abdomen. Her scream cut through the silence, drawing the attention from Osip back to her.
Tatyana ran to her mother’s side. It was clear Anouska’s labor had begun. She helped her mother onto the delivery bed that was on the other side of the room and began the preparations. She’d participated with deliveries many times over her years of captivity and it showed in her steady, robotic movements.
Osip looked at Shen warily while he stood up. He was done fighting and hoped Shen was too. The only thing he wanted to do now was to be by his mother’s side while the baby was being born. Once she’d delivered, Dragomir would fulfill his promise and turn her into a pure vampire. It was only a matter of time now. When it was all over, he intended to feed on Shen and find out why Wadim held him in such high regard.
Dragomir and Fane moved closer in excited anticipation. Although it was a common occurrence for babies to be born in Wadim’s den, it was something Dragomir hadn’t seen for centuries. This child was of his father’s blood-line, even if it was mutated blood. Dracula’s blood was at its very core. He’d take the baby back to the castle and present it to his father. The impurities could be cleaned from it just as they’d been cleaned from Osip. Yes, he’d take this baby back and perhaps it would help to ease his father’s pain for losing Doru.
Osip moved close to his mother and whispered, “Hang on mother dear. Soon you will deliver the child and it will all be over. Before I left I heard them talking that this would be your last baby and then you would go to the stocks. Fear not. Dragomir has promised to take you back to Transylvania and turn you into a real vampire. Hang on mother, it will not be much longer.”
Dragomir heard Osip’s whispers and smiled. He’d forgotten about the mother. She’d prove useful in the care of the child. What a splendid situation this was turning out to be.
Tatyana also heard her brother’s whispers and she turned on him fiercely.
“Oh no! You will not take mother anywhere!” she shouted with fury. “I have come to take her with me and that is what I am going to do. She is still human, and she will stay that way.”
Osip snarled at his sister but did nothing more.
Anouska knew that it was too late for her to leave the den with Tatyana. She was beyond her daughter’s help. Tatyana was risking her freedom and her life for a lost cause. She needed to do something. Her daughter was a willful girl who’d fight to the death to get her out of there. Her only solution would be to die before Dragomir was able to bite her and then make her drink his blood.
She searched the crowd that had gathered around her birthing bed until she was able to spot me standing in the distance. When she was certain she had my attention, she locked her eyes with mine and sent a telepathic message, hoping that it wouldn’t be intercepted by Dragomir or Fane. I do not want to be a vampire and I cannot remain human. Kill me, please. As soon as the baby is born. Kill me!
I heard her words in my head and nodded. My suspicions were confirmed. The woman would never make it out of the den a human. After spending witnessing Mei-Lien’s anguish and pain, I fully intended to honor Anouska’s wishes. I looked around to see if anyone was aware of the message she’d sent to me. I heaved a sigh of relief when I realized that all eyes and focus was on the baby that was now showing its thick black curls as it made its way into the world.
I moved to a position that allowed me to do the deed when the time came.
Tatyana assisted her newborn brother from the birthing canal and scooped him up as he into her arms. She cradled him possessively as Osip made move to reach for him.
“Oh no, brother,” she said with determination. “Not this one. This baby is only half vampire. He can be raised to be a human and forget and maybe even lose his vampire traits. You know this as well as I do. You will not have him. I am taking him and our mother out of here.”
Tatyana was so engrossed in her mother’s wellbeing and the birth of her brother that she’d forgotten about Fane and Dragomir. When Dragomir roared at her words she jumped back startled, but within seconds she’d regained her composure and resolve, and stood firmly in place.
“Insolent little girl. What are you thinking?” Dragomir roared with surprise. He wasn’t accustomed to humans behaving in such a bold way in his presence. “Give that child to Osip and stand aside.”
Tatyana positioned herself near her mother’s head and laid one hand across her mother’s neck. She took a deep breath and looked at Dragomir defiantly.
“You will not have her,” she said with clear hostility.
Dragomir was almost shocked into immobility. Although annoyed, the audacity and courage of this girl was admirable.
“The only thing saving you, my dear, is the fact that my nephew has claimed you for his wife,” he said smoothly. “Nephew, do something with this fool woman before I forget about honor and rip her to shreds.”
Fane moved toward Tatyana and then stopped in his tracks as Anouska let out a blood curdling scream.
Tatyana also screamed while Osip roared in disbelief as they stared at their dying mother lying helplessly with an arrow in her chest. The room spun into action. I aimed my crossbow at Fane and smiled with satisfaction when he fell to the floor, writhing in agony.
The women who were newly captured screamed and huddled together, while those who were too far gone to be saved rushed forward. Some were in hopes of being destroyed before they met an even worse fate, and others were in hopes of being completely turned so they could return with Dragomir.
Bruce and I were kept busy as the vampires continued to circle us. We’d positioned ourselves wisely and had the advantage. One by one the vampires were destroyed.
Dragomir was taken aback by the destruction and chaos around him. He knew, instinctively, that he couldn’t beat us on these terms. Not wanting the same fate as Doru, he decided to leave and return after he’d devised a plan. He grabbed Osip by the collar and dragged him behind him to safety.
Tears flowed down Osip’s cheeks as he looked at his mother’s peaceful body one last time as Dragomir pulled him away. His eyes locked with Tatyana’s and she felt his pain.
She looked away, just in time to see Bruce raising his crossbow and screamed, “No! He can still feel! No!”
With surprising speed, she kicked Bruce’s crossbow and the arrow missed its mark.
“That wasn’t very smart, Tatyana.” Bruce said with quiet frustration.
He looked at Tatyana disappointedly as Osip and Dragomir disappeared into the darkness.
“He is my brother,” she said firmly.
Tatyana knew that Osip was now a full vampire, but she couldn’t bear to see him go through the agony of destruction like she’d witnessed with the others.
“He’s a monster,” Bruce replied.
Bruce and I’d held off taking action until we absolutely had to. We’d wondered how Tatyana would handle the destruction of her brother and we now had our answer. Bruce cursed himself for procrastinating like he did. Now, Osip and Dragomir were free to go and tell Dracula of the situation. This wasn’t good.
The room fell silent as the last vampire met its destruction. I walked to the small circle of frightened women and assured them that they were safe and would soon be taken to a place where they could get help. One of the women crawled on her hands and knees until she reached me and grabbed my hand to kiss it in gratitude. She’d only recently been captured and spoke no English, but it was obvious to her that I was her salvation.
Tatyana didn’t look at me with the same reverence, and the slap she gave me proved it.
“You killed my mother, you bastard,” she hissed. “I will never forgive you.”
Before I could respond, Tatyana rushed into the darkness with her newborn brother still cradled in her arms.
Shen moved next to me and tugged at my elbow. “Never mind, my friend,” he said soothingly. “We will get these women to safety and worry about everything else after that.”
I gave my cousin an apologetic smile. Bruce smiled back, shrugged his shoulders, and motioned for us to move on. It was time to go home.
FORTY-SEVEN
“... And may the good Lord be waiting as the gates of Heaven open wide to accept our dear sister. Amen.”
The spindly priest’s voice blended with the gusts of wind and pelting rain. Water drizzled off the oversized canopy that was provided in anticipation of the storm to offer protection for the attendees. It was a futile effort at best. A small group of mourners gathered around the open grave. They bowed their heads in silence as Father Robert indicated he’d completed what he came to do by closing his bible and stepping back. His eyes bore into the crowd as if he was searching for something, but what?
Although he’d never known Mei-Lien, he was a longtime friend of her uncle who entered his church asking for help after immigrating from China twenty years earlier. He knew there was a small population of Catholics in China, but he never dreamed one of them would find his way into his small congregation. Curious to learn more about the conditions of Chinese Catholics and duty bound to help those in need, Father Robert eagerly took the family under his wing. He developed a genuine affection for them as their population slowly increased in number over the years.
Mei-Lien should have joined her husband who immigrated three years earlier, but she’d disappeared after leaving China. There were rumors about where she was and why she’d disappeared. They ranged from ‘she met someone while traveling and ran away with him’ to ‘she became a vampire and was killed by a blonde American’. Father Robert heard them all, but the latter raised his curiosity. What would cause such a rumor to start?
He’d made a brief visit to the funeral home to inspect her young, emaciated body. When he questioned the coroner about the small round scars on her wrists and at the nape of her neck, they were explained away as scabs from living in an unclean environment for an extended period of time or perhaps she fell asleep in a rat infested alley and was bitten. The doctor determined her blood was tainted, but there was no sign of drugs. He concluded it was from eating garbage or rodents. There was nothing indicating she was anything more than a beautiful Chinese woman who took a wrong path in life and literally starved to death.
Father Robert developed a stronger understanding about Chinese culture over the years and their powerful ties to ancestral traditions. Because of this, he was surprised at the alarming number of women from China who appeared to run away before they reached the arms of their awaiting loved ones. It was almost epidemic. Something in his gut told him there was more to it than simply Western ways reaching and influencing these women. It had a sinister feel to it. He’d prayed for clarity but had yet to receive an answer that could shed light on the situation.
The wind howled angrily amongst the thick oak trees that afforded a small amount of protection to the endless rows of ancient headstones. Flowers escaped the confines of tightly woven arrangements. They swirled through the air as the casket was slowly lowered into the ground.
Father Robert adjusted the collar of his black trench coat in preparation for his trek across the cemetery to the dry warmth of the rectory. He looked briefly at me making my way across the cemetery and shrugged. Normally he’d wait and offer comfort to late arrivals, but he was cold and wet and his head pounded to the point he felt it would burst. He was approaching his seventieth year of life and his body could no longer tolerate inclement weather. He wanted nothing more than to be dry and warm in his robe and slippers with a cup of hot Earl Grey tea to sip on. With a parting nod to the remaining mourners, he stiffened his body against the pelting rain and steadied his umbrella in preparation for the rapidly increasing wind as he made his leave.
An elderly Chinese woman stood motionless while the crowd around her slowly dispersed. Strands of long gray hair escaped her tightly wound bun and her rain-soaked, thick legging-like stockings sagged along her calves, but she seemed not to notice. As if mesmerized, she focused on the slow moving casket until she heard the “thud” indicating it reached the bottom of the neatly dug grave before raising her gaze as I walked slowly across the well-groomed cemetery toward the dispersing mourners.
I wore a Fedora pulled down low over my eyes. It completely covered my blonde, close cropped hair. I’d flipped the broad collar of my trench coat upward in a way that allowed me to burrow my chiseled face deep into the folds of the fabric, making it barely visible. This not only gave me the ability to ward of the stinging pelts of icy rain, but it also allowed me to maintain a small amount of anonymity. I clutched the remnants of a bouquet of flowers that suffered the storm in my strong, well-developed hands as I made my way to Mei-Lien’s grave. I saw no one who might know me amongst the remaining mourners, but I still decided to stop far enough away to keep from being recognized, just in case. I was in no mood to converse and explain who I was or why I was there.
The old woman stared in my direction. I didn’t know her, yet I felt a small comradeship with her that I couldn’t place. Was she related to Mei-Lien? Her skin looked old with deep set wrinkles, but her face still had the remnants of the beauty she once was. I thought I could see a resemblance between her and Mei-Lien. Was she more than just a mourning relative? Did this old woman know who I was? I searched her hooded eyes for answers, but they -as well as her face- were an unreadable stone image.
Two workmen strode rapidly through the rain with their cart of tools and started shoveling dirt onto the coffin. They ignored us as we stood beneath the flimsy tarp set over the gravesite to help ward off the rain. When I moved closer I must have caught their attention because one of them tapped his co-worker on his shoulder and motioned for him to stop and leave the gravesite. The co-worker reluctantly put his shovel down and backed away with a dark scowl dominating his face. The other worker opened an umbrella and tipped it forward to offer the disgruntled grave digger some small amount of shelter from the thick, cold pellets of rain.
“Don’t these folks know it’s raining?” the disgruntled worker grumbled loud enough for me to hear. “It seems to me they’d want to get out of this shit and into a warm house. I know I do.”
“Hush now and have some respect for the dead, will ya? We’ll be done soon enough,” his companion replied as he pulled his hooded coat over his hat to provide greater protection from the storm. “Death isn’t something that can be scheduled for a sunny day. It’s always a crap shoot with the weather. You knew this when you took the job. Besides, we get paid extra for inclement weather.”
I moved past the huddled grave diggers and stood at the grave opening. Looking down at the casket through teary eyes, I fell to my knees and gently tossed the remnants of the storm tattered bouquet on top of it. I did my best to ignore the sensation of the old woman’s eyes burrowing into my back. Forgetting about my desire for anonymity, I pulled my hat from my head and wiped a stray tear as it coursed its way down my cheek.
“I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry. If only I was... if only... Oh God, why,” I mumbled softly.
“She is safe now,” the old Chinese woman said. Her words were heavily accented and her voice was just as emotionless as her face.
I watched through red rimmed eyes as the old woman turned and silently forged her way through the inclement weather. She steadily weaved her way past ancient headstones in the older part of the cemetery until she disappeared over a mound in the distance.
The two grave diggers remained a respectable distance away, pacing as they waited for me to leave so they could return to their work.
I stood next to Mei-Lien’s grave and looked down at the wilting bouquet of flowers I’d placed on her coffin. I was so engrossed in my own thoughts that I didn’t notice Bruce when he walked up and stood next to me until he laid a small and simple bouquet on the coffin next to my own tattered bouquet.
I struggled to hold back more tears as I whispered, “She fought it so hard.”
“She did well. After all, she did not become one. She changed back before she died,” Shen said.
He stood a short distance from me, but close enough to converse in a low tone.
“She almost became one,” I mused.
“Yes,” Shen agreed, “almost.”
Bruce had no words of comfort. He was never good in situations like this. All he could do was to put his arm around my shoulders and hope I understood his message. He waited a few moments, before urging me to turn and walk away. It had to be one of the hardest things I’d ever done. We started back to the car in silence.
I stopped and looked at my cousin and my good friend.
“I’ll be along in a minute,” I said softly. “I... I just need a minute. You go ahead, okay?”
Bruce hesitated, but Shen signaled for him to follow. They made their way across the cemetery toward the hired limousine.
I turned and watched the grave diggers as they started covering Mei-Lien’s coffin with soil. I was consumed by grief and fought the urge to collapse to the ground as I listened to the thud of dirt hitting the coffin’s lid.
Bruce and Shen joined Dao-Ming inside the limousine. Each one wished to be able to wave a magic wand and take away my pain. Not being able to do anything to ease my pain was heart wrenching. The only thing they could do was to be there for me. So they waited.
The grave diggers finished their task and packed up. One of them looked over at me. I’d stood in the rain like a lifeless statue during the entire process.
“Do you think he’s going to stay here all night?” one worker asked.
His co-worker shrugged, seemingly unmoved by the scene as he replied, “It’s hard to tell. People do odd things when they grieve. I’ve seen it all.”
“Well, it’s getting damned cold out here and I’m not crazy. Let’s go,” the other said.
The grave diggers took one last look in my direction before picking up their belongings and forging their way through the rain back toward the cemetery office.
Shen and Bruce had turned their conversation away from what to do about Tatyana and her half-vampire baby and were debating how much longer we should allow our friend to stand in the elements grieving, when they spotted a woman with an oversized umbrella approach me. Shen grabbed the handle of the door. Suspicious of all strangers, he was ready to hop out to save me, but Bruce held him back.
“It’s Jess,” he said reassuringly. “I’d recognize that walk anywhere.”
Jessica stopped a few feet away from me and watched me, lovingly. My face had changed. I’d changed; although she couldn’t say in what way, exactly. She just knew that I’d changed.
Shen had called on her and asked her to meet him that morning. To her annoyance, he’d held firm to our vampire story, but this time, although she couldn’t explain why, she believed him. There was something in his face and demeanor that convinced her he was telling truth. She saw that same truth in the way I stood and grieved. I’d been through a terrible ordeal with this woman; something she’d probably never be able to fully understand or relate to. She wasn’t sure how we’d move past it all and get back into a comfortable space, but the one thing she was sure about was that she loved me. That had to mean something.
I felt her presence and slowly turned to face her. My rain soaked face was red and puffed from the excessive mourning I’d done. Jessica felt intense sorrow and compassion for me. I’d lost more than just this woman. I’d lost a piece of my soul.
As I took in her soft, caring expression, all the grief, anguish, and terror that I’d experienced during the nightmare ordeal came gushing forth and I collapsed in her arms. She smothered me with kisses while I clung to her for comfort. I needed her, now more than ever, and she was determined to be there for me. She’d help me through the recovery process. Whether I married her or not, she intended to stay by my side and love me.
Jessica took a long look at Mei-Lien’s grave before she gently pulled me away and guided me toward the limousine.

EPILOGUE
I end my story for now, but it is far from over. Once I have had a slight reprieve from the reminiscing of this fantastic, horrific, and trying experience, I will once again pick up pen and paper and continue to share, enlighten, and forewarn you of the evils that lurk within the shadows.
Until then...
Dan Tugur
Dear Reader,

    If you enjoyed this novel, please take a moment and rate and/or review it.  Ratings and reviews play an important role in how readers find and pair up with stories.  Your help in this matter is sincerely appreciated.

                                                               Eileen Sheehan










A Sneak Peek at The Cure

PROLOGUE

If you have not already read Book One of the Tugurlan Chronicles, Vampire Iniquity, please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Dan Tugur and I’m a vampire slayer.
In Vampire Iniquity, I did my best to introduce you to a world of darkness that is so shocking and incomprehensible you are sure to think it fiction, but trust me, it is very, very real. It is also something myself, and those closest to me, had the misfortune of experiencing firsthand.
The disappearance of the fiancé of my best friend and martial arts instructor, Shen, was the catalyst of a chain of events that led to our own capture by evil black-market trading and cannibalistic vampires. To complicate matters even more. I fell in love with a captive, Mei-Lien, who was only days away from turning vampire. I say complicate because I was already involved in a live-in relationship with, Jessica, a beautiful young woman that I cared for deeply. Mei-Lien helped us escape captivity as well as led me to the discovery that I am a descendant of the only family with the power to truly kill a vampire; the Tugurlan family. Armed with this knowledge and some custom-made ammunition, Shen and my cousin, Bruce Tugur joined me in a mission to infiltrate the vampire’s den and destroy the vampires of iniquity and save as many victims as we could. Unfortunately, a few vampires managed to escape.
Fearing what might happen if these renegade vampires were allowed time to spread the word about our slaying abilities, but also recognizing our need of rest and to regroup and formulate a plan of action, we headed back to the seclusion of Bruce’s cabin in the hills of Owego, New York. The Cure picks up the story at this point.
As with Vampire Iniquity, I will do my best to keep the story flowing while telling the parts that occurred in my absence. I’ll weave myself into the story I create from the combination of my personal experiences and what I’ve learned happened from others. In the event that none of us were there, yet the event plays a vital role in my story, I’ll do my best to create a story that will satisfy your desire to be entertained, weaving myself into it when I am at a point that I personally experienced, while alerting you of the darkness that lurks in the shadows. In short, I will continue to blend fantasy with reality.
So, I begin.
ONE

Bruce stretched his leg muscles, hoping to relieve some of the pain that seemed to radiate clear to the marrow of his bones. When he’d agreed to allow me to give him a crash course in martial arts self-defense, he had no idea how physically challenging it would be.
He always prided himself in his well preserved and athletic body. He’d been a valued player on his college football team and continued to play with a local group of Owego residents on weekends just for fun. He was also an adept and avid hunter. Even so, his body was screaming in shocked surprise at the number of muscles he possessed that hadn’t seen action; possibly ever.
The floorboards of his cabin’s porch creaked under his weight as he paced back and forth; partially out of impatience while he waited for me to return with the newlyweds, and partially to keep his muscles from tightening up any more than they already were.
Our good friends and my fellow escapees from vampire captivity, Shen, and Dao-Ming, were married while visiting her mother in China. We’d debated whether their going was a wise decision under the present circumstances. We weren’t out of the woods with these vampires and a plan for stopping them needed to be formulated, but, after all that had happened, no one could deny them a short trip back to China to assure Dao-Ming’s mother that she was fine and to allow her to bask in a little motherly love. While there, they felt an overwhelming need to marry while in the comforting embrace of their loved ones. Since Bruce and I were in need of healing both body and soul, we sought the peace and quiet his cabin offered while we waited for them to return.
Although my body had been put to the test during our vampire encounters -it had been broken in some spots and severely beaten in others- I’d healed with remarkable speed. I attributed it to my desire to get back out there and finish what we’d started. Now, not even a month later, my wounded ankle and the fractured rib cage were as good as new. It was a classic example of mind over matter.
I carefully worked Bruce’s black SUV through the deep ruts that thick tires and melting snow caused in the long dirt drive leading to his cabin. Spring was slow to come to the Southern Tier of New York and even slower on its wooded hillsides. Even so, the sun managed to peek through the treetops just enough to work its magic on the brilliant white blanket of twinkling snow and, little by little, it was being whittled away; allowing tiny buds to peek through.
Bruce looked quizzically past me, only to find his SUV carried no other passengers.
Barely waiting for me to park, he said, “I thought you were bringing the newlyweds. What happened?”
I eased my foot over a large puddle as I balanced my body while closing the door behind me.
“You really need to figure something out with this drive if you plan on spending a lot of time up here. This is bad,” I grumbled with annoyance.
“Never mind that,” Bruce scowled, “Where are Shen and Dao-Ming? What happened?”
“I don’t know,” I replied. “They weren’t on the plane. I checked with the airlines. Man, are they tight with their info. It took me hours before I finally found someone who’d tell me that they put their tickets on hold.”
“Are you kidding me?” he said incredulously.
“I don’t get it. I’m hoping to hop online and find an e-mail waiting for me explaining it all,” I said as I held my blackberry up over my head and rotated my body. “I haven’t been able to get enough reception with this stupid thing all day. I knew I should’ve met them at JFK instead of agreeing to a connecting flight in Syracuse. These mountains are cell phone nightmares.”
“I hear ya,” he said as he reached into a small portable cooler, produced two bottles of beer, and handed one to me. “Do you think they’re okay?”
“I sure hope so,” I said as I tipped the bottle to my lips and allowed the cool, carbonation to pour down my throat.
“Should we go back to my place in town?” he asked.
“Is your computer hooked up?” I replied with a scowl. “I don’t know if I’ll get reception with this thing in town either.”
“What do you have your mailbox with?” he asked.
“G-Mail,” I said with curiosity. “Does it matter?”
“Okay then. We’re in business,” he said with a smile.
I handed my empty bottle to Bruce and picked my way back through thick slush to my SUV. I was anxious to get to a computer and see what message, if any, Shen might have sent. I was concerned about his last minute change in flight. I was against his trip to begin with. It was too dangerous. Now, all I could do was hope their flight change was for family reasons and not because they were discovered and were trying to fool the enemy.

***

The desert heat assaulted Shen as he stepped out of the airline terminal to hail a cab. He was back in Las Vegas, the city of sin.
Only a few months ago he’d fought for his life alongside Bruce and me against the cannibalistic vampires who’d held him captive, while keeping him in a drug induced state that stripped him of his own will as they forced him to breed on command. His body shuddered involuntarily as the still vivid memories of the traumatic ordeal flashed through his mind.
He moved through the crowd in a robotic fashion while his eyes scoped it warily. We’d destroyed the mutant-vampires who’d held us captive and we were sure the ones who managed to escape weren’t cannibalistic mutants and couldn’t walk in the light of day, but until we found those demons of the night and destroyed them as well, they’d be a constant threat to us and those we held dear.
He’d given it considerable thought while resting in China. Tatyana and the baby were the key. Find them and we’d find the vampires. He was certain of it.
The baby was half-vampire and would turn if encouraged. Dracula’s first born, Dragomir, wanted to take the infant back to Dracula immediately after his birth, but Tatyana had cradled her newborn half-vampire, half-human brother and fled during the confusion. Shen was certain Dragomir would search for the baby. Yes, Tatyana and her baby brother were the key to finding and destroying Dragomir and his clan before they found and destroyed us.
His sources had contacted him while he was still in China to tell him they’d spotted Tatyana working in a small out of the way casino in Las Vegas. Shen immediately changed his travel plans with Dao-Ming and had hastened to Las Vegas. He promised Dao-Ming that, as soon as he accomplished securing Tatyana’s safety with Bruce and me, he’d return to China for her and they’d come back to the states together. He had no intention of letting her travel alone again.
In his haste to leave, he neglected to inform Bruce and me of his change in plans. He decided it was probably just as well. He knew we’d have insisted on joining him and he wanted nothing more than to grab Tatyana and the baby and slip in and out of ‘“Sin City”’ as quickly as he could. He didn’t plan on being there long enough to justify us coming. As soon as he reached the hotel, he’d fill us in on what was happening and what flight we could expect the three of them to fly in on.
TWO

Tatyana smiled as she made her way down the alley to her efficiency apartment that was recessed in the back of the small, out of the way Las Vegas motel. It took some time for her to relax and settle in with Charles, but, after many restless and fearful nights, she finally felt like she and her infant brother could relax and begin to enjoy life.
She was starting to trust people again. That was a luxury that she hadn’t known since her mother, Anouska, decided to leave Russia with her and her two siblings. Anouska had put her faith and trust in the wrong people to help them get to the United States safely and those people had placed Anouska, Tatyana, and Osip in the hands of that despicable mutant-vampire, Wadim.
Tatyana scowled as she remembered the tortuous years she’d spent living in Wadim’s mutant-vampire den that was hidden behind a magic veil in the midst of Fremont Street. Nothing stuck more vividly in her mind than the night of Charles’s birth. She’d watched her mother die at the hands of vampire hunters and stood in head on confrontation with her brother, Osip, who hadn’t been as lucky as she to have escaped being turned into one of those monstrous beasts.
Osip and Dragomir, Dracula’s eldest son, wanted to take Charles back to Count Dracula to be raised as one of them. She’d defied them vehemently and clutched her newborn brother to her breast.
Although she despised the vampire slayers for killing her mother, she was grateful for the mayhem that followed her death. It caused Dragomir and Osip to abandon their quest for Charles and flee for their lives.
Seizing the opportunity, she ran with all her might before anyone could stop her. She was thankful that she’d spent so many years wandering the maze-like corridors and knew them better than any other resident, including the recently deceased Wadim.
Charles was still half human and he deserved a chance to live like a human. She’d heard of others like him who’d managed to lead a normal human existence with the only exception being that their aging process was slowed down drastically. This would mean he’d have to endure the heartache of watching those he loved die as he lived on, but surely that was better than living as a blood sucking creature of the night.
She’d just finished her shift at the casino. Tips were better than normal over the last week and she looked forward to paying Maggie the money she owed her for rent, as well as for babysitting Charles.
A day didn’t go by that Tatyana wasn’t grateful for having met Maggie. Their paths crossed only days after her escape from Wadim’s den. She was homeless and hiding in an abandoned car behind the motel so that the meager funds she’d managed to steal over the years from vampires coming and going in the outer world would last as long as possible for the formula and other necessities she’d need to buy for Charles. Maggie was taking a short cut one afternoon when she spotted them napping in the back seat. After much coaxing on her part, she managed to get Tatyana to abandon their make-shift home and move into two adjoining rooms that were in the back of her humble motel.
Tatyana didn’t know what would’ve happened to them if Maggie hadn’t stumbled upon them that day. The woman was a saint. She’d not only settled them into their new home by turning the two rooms into a small makeshift efficiency, but she also lent Tatyana money for food and a new outfit so she’d look good for the interview she’d arranged with a friend of hers who managed a small casino on Flamingo Blvd.
Within a week of meeting Maggie, Tatyana was settled in her new home with a new job and a new hope for the future.
Since she was always on premises, Maggie offered to watch Charles while Tatyana worked. Keeping her pride intact, Tatyana insisted on not only paying Maggie back the money she’d provided for her urgent needs, but also for the care she was providing for Charles.
She was about to make the final payment to Maggie for the money owed her. It gave her a sense of pride and freedom like she’d never known.
Her broad smile disappeared as she entered her efficiency and discovered Shen sitting on her sofa with Charles on his lap. Her eyes searched the room quickly for more unwanted visitors. She found only Maggie leaning against the wall on the far side of the room, looking uncertain about what was happening or what to do.
With surprising speed, Tatyana crossed the room and scooped Charles from Shen’s unsuspecting grip. He shook his head in awed admiration at the young Russian woman’s agility and speed while he watched her place her infant sibling in Maggie’s waiting arms.
“What do you want?” Tatyana demanded in a thick accent that was emphasized by her anger and concern.
“To talk; only to talk,” Shen replied.
He watched Tatyana warily. He’d seen her in action during their raid on Wadim’s den, so he knew how adept she truly was in martial arts. Combine her skill with fear and desperation and she made a formidable opponent. He’d also never fought a woman in true combat and he didn’t want to start now.
“Talk about what?” she asked.
Her body visibly readied for action as she slowly inched her way in his direction. She was fully aware of how skilled he was, which was why she didn’t attack immediately and kick him out of her house.
“You are not safe here. It is only a matter of time before they find you. I want you to come back with me,” he explained.
“Back? And where is back?” she asked with disdain.
“I am sorry. I forgot that you did not really know much about us,” he said. His warm smile didn’t soften Tatyana to him like he’d hoped. “New York. I want you to come back with me to New York where we can protect you and your ... uh...”
“Brother? Where you can protect me and my brother?” Tatyana snorted with disdain. “I do not need your protection, thank you.”
She rotated her neck and shoulders. It was a busy night at work and she suddenly felt the burden of the long hours on her body. All she wanted to do was to take a hot shower and go to bed. She looked at Charles wistfully. He was wide awake and ready to play. Even if this intruder left, there’d be no sleep for a while.
“Please go now,” she said.
Tatyana turned her back on Shen, emphasizing her dismissal.
“I beg you to reconsider,” he said. “We know these vampires. You are not safe on your own and we cannot risk them getting their hands on the baby.”
“You know them?” she said with emotion. “Did I hear you correctly? Do you forget that I lived amongst those vile creatures for five years of my life? Five very long years. Every day I wondered if that was the day they would come for me. Every day I watched as they sold, violated, or ate someone who only the day before I had broken bread with or maybe conversed in quiet conversation about life before they were captured. What can you possibly tell me about a vampire that I do not already know?” Tatyana’s chest heaved in frustration. “It is I who knows them. Now go.”
She’d endured enough from her unwanted visitor and readied herself for battle. She knew Shen was good, but it looked like he wasn’t going to take “no” for an answer. If a battle was inevitable, she might as well get it over with. With any luck, she’d be the victor.
Shen stood up slowly. It was obvious he was in danger of having to defend himself against this Russian tiger. His unhappiness was clearly displayed on his face. Tatyana’s foot surprised him when it flew toward him with lightning speed and slammed into his jaw. Only an expert observer would have noticed when he shook his head to clear it, since his move to recover was masked by his immediate motions of defense. Tatyana struck again, but this time her efforts were blocked. He was now on guard and ready for her.
Her frustration mounted as Shen continued to block her moves but made none of his own. She circled him while she aggressively looked for an opening to take down this high and mighty martial arts master once and for all.
Shen did everything he could not to move into actual combat with her. That wasn’t why he sought her out. He could understand her lack of trust, but he needed to somehow make her understand that he was on her side. His mind raced for the right words. Before he could come up with any, she was back on the attack.
Maggie gasped as she watched the battle ensue. She hurriedly put Charles in the crib she’d provided and rushed to the kitchen area in search of a weapon to help Tatyana battle him with. When Shen had knocked softly on the door not an hour ago, he’d introduced himself as Tatyana’s friend. It was clear that she’d been duped.
She’d never really asked Tatyana the facts on how she and her infant become homeless. Tatyana told her only what was necessary. She’d assumed that Charles was her son, until Shen referred to him as the Russian beauty’s brother. Although Maggie believed in honoring a person’s right to privacy, she felt it was now time to learn just a little more about the woman she’d taken under her wing; for safety reasons, if nothing else. After all, unless her hearing was off, they’d debated over who knew the vampires better. Vampires?
If the situation hadn’t seemed so grave, Maggie would have marveled at the continuity of the statuesque movements between Shen and Tatyana. They looked like they could have been rehearsed. It was obvious that Shen was more skilled than Tatyana, but her friend was holding her own. She guessed that if given the right opportunity, Tatyana had enough skill to seize it and become the victor.
The smash of a lamp as it hit the floor jarred Maggie into action.
“No you don’t!” She cried. “Not in my motel!”
It was time to do something, but, just what to do was the puzzlement. Noticing a cast iron frying pan on the portable burners, she dumped the dinner she’d heated for Tatyana into the sink and moved closer to the fight. Tatyana and Shen had all but forgotten her presence, so it was easy to sneak up behind him and bring the pan down hard on his head. He crumpled to the floor like a rag doll.
The room was instantly still.
Tatyana glanced down at Shen before moving past Maggie to Charles, who was crying uncontrollably. Picking him up protectively, her deep-set eyes glowered at Shen as she cradled her young sibling in her arms. She was out of breath, exhausted, and oh so grateful to Maggie.
Maggie moved to Shen’s still body and studied the ever-increasing bump on his head. She touched it gently and a small amount of blood oozed out.
“Oh no! What have I done?” she whispered.
Her voice trembled with adrenaline as fear over her actions set in.
“He will be fine.” Tatyana muttered.
Maggie found Tatyana’s coolness and apathy shocking.
“I hope you’re right,” she said. “Shoot! I didn’t mean to hit him that hard. It’s just that...,” She looked at Tatyana long and hard, “You and I need to have a little talk. It’s time you filled me in on some things.”
“Okay, but first, what about him?” Tatyana asked. “He cannot stay here. I do not want him here one minute longer.”
Tatyana’s voice was venomous.
Maggie looked at Tatyana long and hard. Did she even want to know whatever it was that Tatyana was about to tell her? Probably not, but she needed to know. So, the sooner they got this man out of there and back to his hotel room, the better.
She heaved a sigh before saying, “Let me make a phone call.”

 
THREE

Shen’s head throbbed as he merged with the crowd on Las Vegas Blvd while making his back to his hotel. He’d stepped out for a quick bite to eat at a nearby restaurant and was regretting his decision. The blazing sun was so hot that it scorched his bare head, intensifying the pulsing of the lump he’d received a few days earlier.
He’d awoken, in the middle of the night, stretched out on his bed with no idea of how he’d gotten there. His pillow was spotted with blood that leaked through the make-shift bandage someone -he could only assume was Tatyana or Maggie- applied. He called room service for some aspirin and a strong drink and pulled himself to the bathroom to investigate his wounds. He suspected he had a concussion.
His disappointment in his meeting with Tatyana was overshadowed by his desire to put as much space between himself and Las Vegas as he could. He booked a flight to New York and telephoned me to fill me in. Needless to say, I was concerned as well as unhappy with his rashness.
Memories of his last visit to “Sin City” tormented him as he forced his body to move with the never-ending crowd. He looked around at the tourist’s smiling faces and listened to the jovial shouts of people winning on the slot machines that were temptingly lined along the open walled casinos bordering the crowded sidewalks and wondered if anyone really comprehended how much darkness lurked beneath all the laughter and glitter.
He shuddered as he recalled his time in captivity deep within the confines of Wadim’s horrendous den. His body had recovered relatively quickly, but his soul still suffered. He still had an occasional life-like dream where he relived the experience over and over again.
He was so absorbed in his musing that he almost didn’t recognize Stevenson when he stepped in front of him and blocked his path.
“Well, well. What have we here?” Stevenson purred as his men circled Shen so closely that he could smell the scent of their perfumed bodies. “You weren’t exactly who I was hoping to run into, but you’ll do.”
Stevenson nodded his head at his lead man, who immediately closed in behind Shen and made the presence of his steel knife clearly known. Shen took a deep breath while he calculated the odds of fighting his way free. The density of the crowd could go in his favor, but his throbbing head was a definite detriment. He doubted he’d be able to move through the crowd fast enough to prevent the knife doing severe damage even if he did manage to escape. He decided it was best to go along peacefully and deal with escape at a more opportune time.
His mind reeled as they made their way through a nearby crowded casino to its back door. He couldn’t believe what was happening. It felt surreal. Only one hour more and he’d have been safely on a plane flying back to New York. His heart was so heavy with sadness that each pump was an effort.
Stevenson moved quickly through the crowd, while leading them to a warehouse room that could only be reached through the alley behind the seemingly endless row of dumpsters. He stopped in front of a rusty, dingy door. After looking up and down the alley to make certain no one was looking, he inserted a key into the lock and opened the door. His men pushed Shen through the wide doorway. Their sense of urgency for getting in and closing the door was acute.
Once inside, it took a moment for Shen to adjust his eyes to his dimly lit surroundings. He’d barely enough time to make out the dimensions of the almost barren room before they shuffled him down a long, dimly lit corridor. By the time he reached his destination, his eyes were accustomed to the lighting. He caught his breath in shocked surprise and repulsion upon seeing the room full of large cages that threatened to burst from the sedated human bodies that were almost piled upon each other.
“What is this place?” he asked, more to himself than anyone else.
“That’s none of your concern, now move it!” roared his captor as he pushed the knife point harder against Shen’s ribs for emphasis.
“Down here Si Fu,” said another of Stevenson’s men.
He sneered as he pushed Shen toward an empty cage, forcing him to struggle for his balance.
Shen’s mind reeled with dismay when he found himself being flung into the cage. His wounded head slammed against its bars and the knot that had only begun to heal broke open.
He couldn’t believe he was back in the clutches of those people. Wadim’s den was destroyed. How foolish he was to count Stevenson out as a threat and focus only on the vampires.

***

Stevenson paced his tiny office. What luck! He’d been searching for Tatyana and the baby since Osip contacted him and relayed Dracula’s wishes the week before. Stevenson resented being placed in that position. He especially disliked the fact that the message was relayed by a former captive of his, but he kept this fact to himself. He hadn’t survived that long by being stupid. Dracula knew of him and knew how to find him. That was enough to make him move and move fast. He knew very little about true vampires. He hoped they were a little less gruesome than the mutated ones he’d been forced to deal with for the last twenty years.
He was growing old and feeling his years. He’d managed to amass quite a fortune. Perhaps it was time to consider moving to a tropical climate and retiring. He longed to be someplace serene without the glitter and noise of Las Vegas or the threat of vampires breathing down his neck. His family was from Jamaica. Perhaps he could go back there.
He smiled as he thought of the family house he’d inherited when his grandfather died. It was positioned on a nice little piece of land. He hadn’t thought of it for many years. Maybe it was time to make it his home.
A scowl replaced his smile. First, he had to do Osip’s bidding. He was ordered to find Tatyana and the baby. If she was in Las Vegas, it was only a matter of time before he hunted her down. Las Vegas was his home base since he’d arrived in this country twenty-three years ago. No one could move in or out of it without him eventually finding out. His people were everywhere. He’d find her and her half-breed baby and turn them over to Osip with the promise that Dracula would know that the capture was his.
Now, the question at hand was what to do with Shen. He and his buddies were the reason for Wadim’s destruction. If he was the kind of man who showed appreciation, he’d have to say that he owed Shen and his friends a huge ‘thank you’.
He’d captured Shen on a hunch. Maybe even out of habit. Shen knew who he was and that could be dangerous. No one knew about his business unless they worked for him or used his services; both of which would incriminate them if they ever told the authorities. Shen did neither. That made him dangerous. He decided to lock him up until he could decide what to do with him.
He opened the door of his office and peered across the large adjacent room at the cage his men had shoved Shen into. The martial arts master was pacing like a recently captured lion. Each movement displayed a fine physique beneath the loose clothes that he wore. It was obvious that he was in top condition.
He recalled how impressive Shen was the night Wadim forced him to face their Suma Wrestler. He’d fought a great fight, even if it was a battle he was destined to lose since he was human and the wrestler was a vampire. Things would’ve become a blood bath between the fighters if his buddies hadn’t created their own bloodbath by slaughtering every vampire in the room. He didn’t see it but heard about it from a few lucky escapees. He’d snuck out when the vampire killing began, lest he be mistaken for one of them or picked up a stray arrow.
A fighter such as Shen would pull in a good price if he was placed on the market. He had a buyer in Thailand who’d snatch him in a second. He scowled when he saw Shen favor his head. Disgust swept through him when he watched his prisoner pull a cloth handkerchief from his back pocket and dab at some blood that was oozing from a rather large lump. A wound like that would bring down the price. He’d have to wait for him to heal. Damn! That wound had better not have been inflicted by any of his men. He’d have their hides!

***

I paced the lobby of the airline terminal. Shen hadn’t gotten off the plane. I checked my notes again. Maybe I’d gotten the flight number wrong. It was possible. After all, I was pretty taken aback when I found out where Shen was and what he’d attempted to do on his own. What was he thinking by going to Las Vegas alone? He should have asked Bruce, or me, or even both of us to join him.
Even though I was sure we’d cleaned out the mutant-vampire den, we could have missed a few. Plus, there was Osip and Dragomir to consider. They’d be looking for Tatyana and the baby. If Shen was able to find out Tatyana’s whereabouts, then I was pretty sure Dragomir wasn’t far behind.
It was official. I hadn’t missed Shen’s debarkation in the commotion of multiple carriers landing in JFK. The airline security validated that Shen wasn’t on the plane.
It was time to go to Las Vegas.
***
 
The Cure, [Book 2 of the Tugurlan Chronicles] is available at your favorite bookseller in print or eBook format.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
  Eileen Sheehan primarily writes hot, steamy romances (mostly New Adult) with a sexy male and strong female. A few are steamier than others (see their description). The majority of her novels are paranormal, but some are just plain novels about people in love (contemporary or historical with the author name of Ailene Frances). ALL of her stories have a bit of naughtiness, some excitement, a few thrills, and maybe a touch of mystery mixed in with sometimes naughty, sometimes sweet lovin'. She strives to write a novel length that will allow the busy woman to be able to sit down in an evening or two and be taken on a romantic journey without having a week go by before she gets to the end of the story.
 An incurable romantic, she has a love affair with at least one of her characters... one book at a time. She hopes the same thing happens to you.

More Information:
Eileen Sheehan started out as a freelance writer for periodical magazines and newspapers. From there, she tried her hand at writing screenplays. Her screenplay, "When East Meets West" was a finalist in the 2001 Independent International Film and Video Festival at Madison Square Gardens, NYC. Finally finding her niche, she lets her imagination loose with new adult/paranormal romance/thrillers (some are steamy and some are tame) with the pen name of Eileen Sheehan. She creates steamy historical romances and plans on writing contemporary romances at some point with the pen name of Ailene Frances. Seeing how far out of the box she could stretch, she crafted an alternative romance with the pen name of E. F. Sheehan and has a few self-help books under her work name of Lena Sheehan.
Other Books by Eileen Sheehan
[Most are available in eBook, paperback & audio format]

[GENRE: PARANORMAL ROMANCE/THRILLERS]
THE VAMPIRE, THE HANDLER, AND ME
FOR LOVE OF A VAMPIRE
THE PRINCESS AND THE VAMPIRE KING (Also in audio)
A VAMPIRE’S LOVE (also in audio)
EMERGENCE
DRAGON LOVE
DREAM LOVE
GHOST LOVE
SISTERS
OF WOLVES AND MEN
JASPER: THE BEGINNING
ELIZA: THE AWAKENING

Dark Escape Duo 
DARK ESCAPE (Book 1)
THE SEARCH FOR THE CRYSTAL KEY (Book 2)

Tugurlan Chronicles
VAMPIRE INIQUITY (Book 1)
THE CURE (Book 2)
VAMPIRES AND WEREWOLVES (Book 3)

Vampire Witch Trilogy
VAMPIRE WITCH (Book 1)
VAMPIRE QUEEN (Book 2)
KINGS & QUEENS (Book 3)

Shadow Love Duo
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK ONE
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK TWO

a Wolf Affair Trilogy
a  WOLF AFFAIR (Book 1)
WOLF MOUNTAIN (Book 2)
MISSY’S CHOICE (Book 3)

The Adventures of Vickie Anderson
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Zombie hunter by  night (Book 1)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Werewolf hunter by night (Book 2)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Ghost hunter by night (Book 3)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Vampire medic by night (Book 4)

Kendra’s Journey
WHERE ZOMBIES WALK (Book 1)
THE REGIME (Book 2)
CENTER LAND (Book 3)
ZOMBIES AND ALIENS (Book 4)

The Esmerelda Sleuth Series
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MIRROR (Book 1)
THE MAGIC BOX (Book 2)
BEYOND THE PORTAL (Book 3)
THE JOURNAL (Book 4)

****

BOOKS BY EILEEN WRITING AS AILENE FRANCES
[GENRE: ROMANCE]
LOVE MISUNDERSTOOD
(Historical Georgian Era Romance)
PAPER WIDOW
(Historical Western Romance)
LOVE AT WOLF CREEK
(Historical Western Romance)
FOR LOVE OR MONEY
(Contemporary Mid-Western Romance)

****
BOOKS BY EILEEN WRITING AS E. F. SHEEHAN
[GENRE: ALTERNATIVE ROMANCE/DRAMA]
TOAST WITH JELLY
A Tragedy of a Lesbian Confused

****
BOOKS BY EILEEN WRITING AS LENA SHEEHAN
[GENRE: SELF-HELP]
HUMAN, HELP THYSELF
Natural Solutions for Stress of Body, Mind & Spirit
BASIC HYPNOSIS
ALL ABOUT REIKI

