

BOOKS BY EILEEN SHEEHAN AND HER OTHER AUTHOR NAMES

[GENRE: PARANORMAL ROMANCE/THRILLERS]
THE VAMPIRE, THE HANDLER, AND ME
FOR LOVE OF A VAMPIRE
THE PRINCESS AND THE VAMPIRE KING
A VAMPIRE’S LOVE
EMERGENCE
DRAGON LOVE
DREAM LOVE
GHOST LOVE
SISTERS

Vampire Witch Trilogy
VAMPIRE WITCH (Book 1)
VAMPIRE QUEEN (Book 2)
KINGS & QUEENS (Book 3)

a Wolf Affair Trilogy
a WOLF AFFAIR (Book 1)
WOLF MOUNTAIN (Book 2)
MISSY’S CHOICE (Book 3)

Shadow Love Duo
SHADOW LOVE BOOK ONE
SHADOW LOVE BOOK TWO

Dark Escape Duo
DARK ESCAPE (Book 1)
THE SEARCH FOR THE CRYSTAL KEY (Book 2)

****

Tugurlan Chronicles Series
VAMPIRE INIQUITY (Book 1)
THE CURE (Book 2)
VAMPIRES AND WEREWOLVES (Book 3)

The Adventures of Vickie Anderson
VICKIE: Doctor by day.  Zombie hunter by night [Book 1)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Werewolf hunter by night [Book 2]
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Ghost Hunter by night [Book 3]
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Vampire medic by night. [Book 4]


Kendra’s Journey
WHERE ZOMBIES WALK (Book 1)

****

BOOKS BY AILENE FRANCES
[GENRE: ROMANCE]
LOVE MISUNDERSTOOD
(Historical Georgian Era Romance)
PAPER WIDOW
(Historical Western Romance)
LOVE AT WOLF CREEK
(Historical Western Romance)
FOR LOVE OR MONEY
(Contemporary Mid-Western Romance)

****

BOOKS BY E. F. SHEEHAN
[GENRE: ALTERNATIVE ROMANCE/DRAMA]
TOAST WITH JELLY
[A Tragedy of a Lesbian Confused]

****

BOOKS BY LENA SHEEHAN
[GENRE: SELF-HELP]
HUMAN, HELP THYSELF 
(Natural Solutions for Stress of Body, Mind & Spirit)
BASIC HYPNOSIS
ALL ABOUT REIKI 

Also by Eileen Sheehan:  Handbook:  
INDIE PUBLISHING MADE EASY
Publishing Freedom for the Serious Author




VAMPIRE WITCH

[Book One of the Vampire Witch Trilogy]

a novel by
Eileen Sheehan



















 

Copyright 2015 Eileen Sheehan

Printed in the United States of America
Worldwide Electronic & Digital Rights
Worldwide Rights of all Languages

ELECTRONIC EDITION
EARTH WISE BOOKS 

All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any form, including digital and electronic or mechanical, including photo-copying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the Publisher, except for brief quotes for use in reviews










This book is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
 








This book is dedicated to my wonderful readers. Your positive feedback and connection to my characters keeps my imagination flowing.
















 
CONTENTS
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHPATER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
SNEAK PEEK AT VAMPIRE QUEEN
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

 

PROLOGUE



It’s been over fifty years since the nuclear bomb was released during the war between the New World Order and the Brotherhood of Man. Some parts of the planet suffered more than others. A limited number of areas were fortunate to be only lightly kissed by the toxic radiation lingering over the earth’s surface like a thick blanket of fog.  Most of those areas were remote and of no interest to the powers that be. It was the more populated cities that captured their notice. The rapid cleanup of these cities was placed as top priority for all scientists employed by the Order.  The remote areas were left to the whims of Mother Nature.
The majority of the planet didn’t fare well under the nuclear onslaught, nor did its people. Those who weren’t wealthy or connected enough to retreat to an underground facility when the bombs were released suffered bodily mutation of the most grotesque form.  Plant life and animal life was also either mutated or destroyed. Food became such a scarcity that people took to eating each other.   
Prepared for the devastation the nuclear bombing would cause, the New World Order outfitted its army with special gear and wearing apparel to patrol the earth’s surface within days of the blast.  It took a number of years and many lost lives before the mutants were finally driven underground.  
The New World Order scientists stood ready to utilize their technology to reduce the radiation poisoning in the air to a safe level.  It wasn’t long before the majority of those who hid themselves below ground surfaced to rebuild their homes and resume their lives.   Science devised a way to clear the soil and water of contamination, but it was costly and done only in the most populated or valued parts of the planet.  The lesser areas were left to the slow cleansing and purifying process of nature. The one thing they couldn’t rectify was the damage done to the ozone layer. Precautions needed to be taken to protect skin and eyes from the intense rays of the sun, but otherwise they were able to slowly replant and rebuild.  Encampments were maintained by the New World Order near the entrances to the mutant’s underground world. Battles broke out periodically as the Order sought to prevent them from returning above ground and scheme to seize control of the planet.
Earth was divided into sections, with a representative of the New World Order dictating each one. Our dictator, Bartholomew Muse, was younger than most and eager to prove himself by showing his strength and power over the people. He put a new meaning to the word tyrant. This resulted in rebellion. Many turned their support toward the remnants of the Brotherhood of Man.  
My mother was one such person. My father served in Bartholomew’s army and was killed in a skirmish with the mutants when I was just a babe in arms.  Even sadder than the fact that we lost him, was knowing he wasn’t a supporter of Bartholomew in his heart. He served because he didn’t want to bring the attention and distress to our family that he knew Bartholomew was capable of.  
Mother couldn’t have been more opposite than my father. She possessed a bold, rebellious side that surfaced fully when the news of my father’s death reached her. My father’s body was barely cold when she rounded up a small band of rebels to fight alongside her against Bartholomew’s tyranny at every possible moment. It didn’t take long to attract Bartholomew’s full attention. He made it his mission to hunt them down.
I was eight years old when he finally managed to find and kill my mother. We were attending a concert in central park. Mother left me with my grandparents while she went to speak with a few people on the opposite side of the large green. I remember the way her white gauze dress caressed her ankles as she gracefully weaved her way through rows and rows of empty chairs awaiting an audience still mingling in small clusters until the start of the concert. The air was abuzz with laughter and joy.
Then it happened.
Typical Bartholomew style, soldiers armed with machine guns came out of nowhere and took down at least half of the crowed before they were able to scatter.  It was a horror show. People ran willy-nilly while screaming and falling all around me. The once serene emerald grass was now a crimson sea of terror.  I stood, frozen, while watching my mother’s body flop like a rag doll as bullets pelted her slender torso. When the onslaught stopped, she lay motionless on the ground. Before I could get my feet to take me to my mother, my grandfather’s vice grip pulled me from the scene.  
We lived just a few blocks from the city park and had walked to the concert that evening. My grandparents must have been prepared for something like this to eventually happen because there was no panic or confusion in their actions. They shoved me into a car that miraculously appeared out of nowhere and whisked me off to a lone cabin in a remote and desolate part of the country that was ready and waiting for inhabitants.  
That was ten years ago.
Those years passed with little change in our daily routine as I grew and learned the basics of survival in our barren world from my grandparents.  Other than what I was able to view on the internet, I had minimal contact with the outside world. 
Then, I met Geo…











 

CHAPTER ONE


The ever-present warm breeze carried a hint of honeysuckle from the vines clinging to the decayed cinder block building.  I slid my sunglasses onto my head and shaded my eyes from the blistering sun as I took in the wonder of a small butterfly cluster fluttering from one blossom to the next. Their graceful wings sported a brilliant kaleidoscope of colors that complemented the rich tangerine, trumpet shaped flowers. I looked through the view finder of my camera and adjusted the focus ring until I had a clear view of one of nature’s surviving and exquisite works of art. 
My finger hovered over the shutter release button. I started to sweat with anticipation.  Scenes of this sort in this part of the world were highly sought after in the photographic art circle. I may not deal much with the world around my remote little nucleus, but my grandfather somehow managed.  He had all the right connections to get my photos to the people who would pay top dollar. He’d done it several times over the last few years. What began as a hobby became somewhat of a profession for me. It helped us purchase the supplies we were unable to produce on our own for our daily living. It gave me a sense of purpose and made me feel useful within the family structure.  
I regretted the waste of battery life my digital camera suffered because of the insignificant shots I’d taken of dull, lifeless nothing throughout the day. How was I to know I’d stumble upon such beauty in the middle of this deluge of destruction? I wagered I had enough battery juice for at least one shot. I needed to take my time to make sure I got the best take first try.
Just one good shot, I thought.
I took a deep breath as I steadied my hand and said softly, “Make it count.”
“Make what count?” uttered a deep, masculine, and incredibly sultry voice from behind me.
I couldn’t believe my bad luck as the camera flew from my startled fingers. When it bounced off my combat boots I could hear the click of the shutter releasing.  My one shot was wasted.
“Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!” I shouted as I crouched down to retrieve my camera and inspect it closely.  
Sure enough, the battery was dead.  
“It’s a pleasure to meet you too. My name is not stupid, it’s Geordie.  Geo for short,” said the same deep masculine voice, whose allure I would have probably succumbed to had I not been so agitated.
I reluctantly pulled my attention from my camera to study the newly arrived stranger. His long shaggy hair billowed out from beneath a worn and dirt caked wide brimmed Indiana Jones fedora.  It looked like under all the dust his matted locks of thick curls would be raven black when clean. He sported an equally unkempt beard that he either kept closely cropped or was relatively new. The stench of his sweaty body beneath a cotton turtleneck and cotton trench coat permeated the air as he bowed low in greeting.  
He removed his sunglasses to display rich brown, doe-like eyes that were still protected from the piercing sun’s rays by the shadows of the fedora’s broad rim. They danced with amusement when I threw my hand over my nose and mouth in response to his stench.
“I thought I was alone,” I managed to say while practically choking on the words. 
“I know,” he replied.
I waited for him to elaborate his statement.  When he didn’t, I looked back at the picturesque scene of butterflies and honeysuckle with forlorn longing.
“Was it important?” he asked.
“Who are you?” I asked suspiciously.
“I already introduced myself,” he shot back at me, “which is more than you’ve done.”
“Anyone from these parts wouldn’t have to ask if a shot like that was important,” I said suspiciously. “They would know.”
I figured if I stood and brought myself to full height he still had an easy eight inches on me. I guessed him to be over six foot tall.  My five feet four-inch frame was slight and wiry, but I wasn’t to be underestimated. My grandfather, who was still in phenomenal physical condition, took great pains over the years to teach me multiple forms of self-defense with and without the aid of a weapon. I could take down a man twice my size before he knew what hit him. There looked to be a considerable amount of bulk beneath the layers of clothing he wore, but if push came to shove I thought I could take him. The fact that I carried my grandfather’s skinner strapped to my calf added to my confidence.  I’d sharpened its blade just that morning. I decided to stay crouching just a little longer to assure easy access to the skinner if need be.
“You’re not from here either,” the stranger practically said with irritated defense, “so keep the hied.”
I’d never heard that saying and had no idea what it meant.
“Keep the hied?  Where are you from?” I persisted. 
“Where are you from?” he taunted.
I’d placed my sunglasses back over my deep brown, almond shaped eyes. It was as if he could see right through the dark lens as he locked his own captivating ones with mine for an easy thirty seconds.  It had to be the longest thirty seconds of my life. He made a connection that was strangely alluring and I felt a fluttering deep inside me. When I was finally able, I looked away uncomfortably.  
Standing slowly, I slung my camera strap over my shoulder and started down the once graveled road at a pace just below a jog.  I was careful to keep my focus on the heat waves hovering above the ground in the distance while I waited for the fluttering to dissipate.
“Hey!” he shouted with obvious annoyance after me.
I didn’t turn around.
To my agitation, he was next to me in no time.  I studied him through my peripheral vision as best I could. He sported the swagger of someone with confidence. It was odd for such a disheveled man. His sexy voice and alluring stare was rapidly overshadowed by his appearance and stench.
“You stink,” I growled.
“We all suffer this terrain, heat, and sparseness of water,” he said with a shrug.
Was he implying I stank? I’d been wandering the dusty terrain for the majority of the day so I was hot and sweaty, but did I stink like him? I wanted to sniff my armpits or at least slap the dust from my pant legs, but I refused to stoop that low in front of him. Instead I smirked and kept looking toward the heat haze in the distance.
“How can you stand wearing all those layers?” I quizzed. 
“Do you see that heat haze ahead?” he asked. 
Was he kidding me?  Of course, I saw the heat haze.  Anyone with a pair of working eyes could see the heat haze. It completely monopolized the horizon. 
When I looked at him like he was retarded he continued, “It’s like the carrot held just far enough away to remain unreachable.  You walk and walk and walk toward it and never reach it, right?”
I grunted in agreement.
“Wrong,” he growled. “We’re in it right now.  It’s our wounded ozone and it’s everywhere. It’s loaded with UVC rays. Do you know what they can do to you?”
“That’s ridiculous,” I said with a chuckle of disbelief as I looked around me for signs of the haze that looked so far away.  If those rays were in our immediate environment I’m sure my grandmother would have come up with some form of protection for them. Come to think of it, she had created the balm I wore on my skin. 
“Okay, so maybe it’s not everywhere,” he relented, “but it’s pretty damned near everywhere and you know it. I would rather cook inside these layers than fry under the onslaught of those rays. Besides, cotton absorbs the sweat and helps keep a body cool.”  He looked me up and down and added, “You’re crazy.”
“Cotton also holds the stench,” I said in a low tone meant only for me.
I wasn’t sure if he was trying to goad me into a confrontation or if he really thought I was crazy for dressing like I did. Unlike my new-found companion, I sported baggy faded jeans and an equally faded, loose fitting tee shirt that was complete with a hole or two in places where modesty didn’t matter much. I suppose if I was to be concerned about the effects of the UVC rays then what I wore would be completely inappropriate, but I wasn’t concerned. What he didn’t know was that my body was protected with a homemade sunscreen concocted by my grandmother who happened to be a master herbalist. I didn’t know much about who was left out there practicing herbology and herbal magic but I was sure she was amongst the best of the best.  She claimed her concoction was potent enough to protect me from anything the sun could dish out.  I’d been wearing it for over ten years without so much as a tan, so clearly, she was on to something. I often thought about how unfortunate it was that we were stuck so far away from society.  She could make a killing on the formula if she and my grandfather weren’t such hermits. When I suggested he sell her sunscreen over the web like he did my photos he said the delivery would be too complicated.  I suppose he was right.      
“Okay, so you protect yourself from the sun with those stinky clothes,” I grumbled as I did my best to move past the insult he’d just lashed at me.  “How do you explain that disgusting matted mop on your head?”
“I may not know your name, but I certainly have a handle on your manners,” he said laughingly.
I scowled, but said nothing.  Since I was a babe in arms, it was drilled into me that strangers were not to be trusted. Any one of them could be one of Bartholomew’s men. Even though he killed my mother, the sick tyrant swore to kill her offspring as well. I occasionally encountered a stranger, but only in passing. They never stuck around to exchange niceties like this character was trying to do. I was a little lost on how to deal with him. My grandparent’s warnings about Bartholomew bellowed inside my head like an enormous, annoying bell in a belfry. Was this stranger one of his men?
“Why are you here?” I demanded.
It was a fair question.  We were traveling in one of the most desolate parts of the country. I’d wandered a little further from home than normal because I was determined to find that one photo that would give me and my grandparents a comfortable cushion for the better part of the year.  Had I not wandered, I probably would have been spared his irritating and stinky company.
“I’m searching for someone,” he replied.
“Here?” I gasped in disbelief as I looked around to emphasize exactly where we were.
“Yep,” he replied.
“Good luck with that,” I said mockingly as I picked up my pace.
I was about twenty feet away from him when I heard him say, “You look like you might fit the description of who I seek., Are you Casey Merker?”
I stopped in my tracks. 
“What do you want with Casey?” I asked nervously, while refusing to turn and look at him.
“She’s who I search for,” he explained impatiently. 
“Why?” I continued, still not looking at him.
“Are you Casey?” he asked suspiciously. “I believe you are.”
“I didn’t say that,” I said briskly. “Why do you want her?”
“If you aren’t Casey, you know her,” he persisted.
“I didn’t say that either,” I said.
“Casey could be the name for either a boy or a girl, yet you asked if I knew her,” he goaded. 
I said nothing.  He’d trapped me with my own stupidity. I hastened my step in hopes he’d fall behind and give up.
It didn’t happen.
He had to be one of the most annoying people on the planet.
“I really wish you’d leave me alone,” I grumbled.
“Tell me where I can find Casey Merker and I will,” he said flatly.
“Tell me why you want her and I might,” I said.
“It’s a private matter,” he said with hesitation.
“Well then, so is her whereabouts,” I blurted before I was even aware I’d said it.
What an absolute moronic thing to do. There was no way I could claim ignorance of Casey Merker now. I’d be stuck with this foul smelling, nasty looking character until I fessed up what I knew. 
He shrugged his shoulders, stuck his hands in the pockets of the dust ridden, baggy jeans that hugged his slender hips and lowered his head as if he was forging through a storm. His body language alone told me all I needed to know. When he bluntly informed me that he was going to stick with me like glue until I told him where to find Casey, it came as no surprise.
We walked in silence for the next forty-five minutes.  True to his word, he hung close. 
We were almost to the road that led to my home when I decided I had to say something to get rid of him.  The last thing I wanted was for him to know where I lived.  Besides the fact that my grandparents forbade strangers in our home, they’d be particularly unhappy if I happened to arrive with this unsavory looking character at my heels. What if he was a scout for Bartholomew? Even if he wasn’t one of Bartholomew’s men, he was clearly a nut case.
“Well,” I cleared my throat, “this is where I leave you.”
 “Maybe I didn’t make myself clear back there,” he said. 
His arrogant tone filtered through a grin that bordered on mischievous as it displayed a row of perfectly formed and well cared for teeth. They looked an odd contrast to the rest of his appearance.
“Maybe I didn’t make myself clear,” I responded with equal arrogance and far more authority. “This is where I leave you.”
We locked eyes once again and that uncomfortable flutter deep within me returned. I quickly looked away, shuffling from foot to foot in a display of impatience. 
He pulled an envelope from within his filthy, smelly overcoat and waved it in my direction.
“I’ve searched for Casey Merker for the better part of a month. I’m fed up, dirty, and exhausted. I was about to give up and return a failure when I stumbled upon you.  You at least know of her.  Can you please be decent enough to point me in her direction?” A long silence passed between us before he continued, “Without your help I may never find her.”  When I continued to remain silent he shrugged and, in a tone so deep it resembled a growl added, “If you want to be the one to tell Casey Merker that her mother sent her a letter, but you wouldn’t help me get it to her, then so be it. Let it be on your head, not mine.” 
If I hadn’t already been aware of his irritation, the way he stuffed the envelope back into the inside pocket of his trench coat and turned on his heels certainly made it clear.  
My mind reeled.  My mother was alive?  How could that be? I saw her die with my own eyes.  Had she survived and my grandparents whisked me away without realizing it?  Was that letter really from her or some imposter? The desire to know far outweighed the caution I knew I should always take with a stranger.
“I’m Casey Merker,” I bellowed as I stretched my hand out for the letter. “Give it to me.”
An angry snarl consumed his reddening face as he turned toward me and lifted his feet up, one by one to display the soles of his dust riddled boots.
“You made me walk all that way in these pathetic boots when you could have told me who you were from the start. What kind of person are you?” he asked.
The genuine distress on his face caused a tinge of regret within me. I shook it off quickly. I needed to keep my head about me and not succumb to whatever power this stranger possessed where I was concerned. That fluttering was just not normal.
“Show me the envelope,” I demanded.
He pulled it slowly from his inner pocket and held it out for me to see. My name was clearly written on it in a style of handwriting I knew all too well.
“My mother’s alive,” I gasped.
“That she is,” he said with a smile, “and she’s waiting for you to join her.”
“How can this be?” I mused. “I saw her die with my own eyes.”
“Are you sure?” he asked.
“My grandparents stood next to me,” I explained. “We all saw it.  She was shot in the chest at least ten times before she went down.  No one could survive that... no one.  They got me away from the chaos before Bartholomew could discover I was there too.” 
“So, you saw her fall, but you never checked her body?” he asked incredulously.
“I was eight years old,” I scoffed, “and, like I said, she was peppered with bullets to the chest. Even at such a young age I knew she was dead.”  
“Yet, she wasn’t,” he mused. “Her parents should have…”
“Stop,” I cut his words off with a brisk command. “Don’t ever criticize my grandparents.   Leaving her body lying there in order to save me was one of the hardest things they ever had to do.”
He looked thoughtful for a moment and nodded.
“It probably was,” he said softly.
With my hand still outstretched I wiggled my fingers to indicate I wanted the envelope.  
“I can see the resemblance between you and your mother on more ways than one,” he said wryly.  He hesitated only briefly before handing the envelope to me. “I’ll be glad to be rid of it,” he said.  “The next time her majesty asks for volunteers I’ll be hiding in the back of the crowd. I can tell you that.”
“Her majesty,” I repeated his phrase, clearly confused.
“Your mother is the leader of our little society.  Somewhere over time she came to be known as majesty,” he volunteered. With a quick wink and a broad smile, he added, “That makes you our princess.”
My fingers trembled as I opened the letter while my mind tried to wrap around the wild story Geo was spinning.  None of this sounded plausible.  Yet there I stood, holding a letter written in the handwriting I knew as well as my own. It was the same handwriting that recorded days gone by in the pages of my mother’s journal. That journal was one of the few remaining things I possessed that belonged to her.  I read it almost daily.  
My eyes blurred as I eagerly consumed her message.  She wrote how she’d barely survived the gunshot wounds she suffered during the slaughter of concert goers by Bartholomew’s gang. Left for dead with the faintest of heartbeats, she was discovered by a band of renies and taken to their underground city.  
“Renies,” I mused aloud.  “What are renies?”
“That’s slang for renegades,” Geo offered.  “After the nuclear blast wiped out half the Eco system and the Order took over what was left of the lands, small groups of renegades banned together and went underground to escape their rule.”
“I knew about the groups.  My mother was part of one. I didn’t know they called themselves renies,” I said softly as I continued to read.
She went on to tell me about how the renies nurtured and cared for her during a tortuous and lengthy recovery. Once sufficiently healed, she immediately sought out my whereabouts. My grandparents prepared a cabin in one of the remotest and hardest hit parts of the country. They opted to endure its lonely desolation for my safety’s sake, should anything happen to her.  She knew of the cabin, but not its exact location. Not realizing she survived and would be looking for me, my grandparents did a thorough job of hiding our whereabouts. She wasn’t able to discover our exact location, but she did learn I was alive, well, and safely hidden away.  That was enough reassurance for her mind to be focused completely on the task before her.  
Confident that I was in good hands, she put all of her attention into repaying the tiny group of renies for their kindness. A former chemist for a pharmaceutical company and a master herbalist trained by my grandmother, she created ways to cultivate and nurture their food source and ecological surroundings. Word of the thriving underground community spread rapidly and soon renies from other underground groups found their way to their tiny village. It wasn’t long before that tiny underground village expanded into a rather large underground kingdom. Along with this growth came the need for order and a leader to enforce it. The vote to make her their sovereign leader was unanimous.  
The first few years propagating the new kingdom were fruitful and rewarding. She was kept busy from arising to retiring and the years flew by. Then one day she woke up and looked around at the beautiful world she’d helped create and realized that it meant nothing if she couldn’t share it with me. She begged me to return to her, with Geo as my escort.  She assured me Geo was more than capable of guiding and protecting me if the need arose.
I crumpled the letter in my hands until my knuckles were white. My mother was alive. She’d left me and my grandparents to struggle in this desolate hell for the last ten years while she nurtured and cared for perfect strangers. Now that she was done playing mama to them she wanted me back. What about my grandparents? She made no mention of wanting them with her. After all the love and nurturing she’d had from her parents right up until the day she was shot, this came as a genuine shock.  My blood was boiling and it wasn’t because it was about one-hundred degrees.  I felt like I was about to explode with rage.
Geo must have sensed my emotions because he backed up a considerable distance while silently studying me.
When I finally felt like I could talk again, I looked him squarely in the eye and said with a controlled tone that surprised me, “You delivered the letter. You can leave now.”
“I’m supposed to bring you back with me,” he said hesitantly.
“Well, that’s not happening,” I said, “so go.”
He looked at me long and hard and then gave a curt nod.
“If you change your mind, I’ll be camped up in that green for a few days,” he said as he pointed in the direction of a mountain in the distance. “I need a good meal, a refreshing wash, and a little rest before I start back.”
I studied the mountain from where we stood. There was a small visible patch of green that looked to be a clearing with vegetation.  Knowing the area like I did, it was a wise choice.  Much of the water was in these parts was still toxic, as was the soil; which was why the soles of his shoes were in the condition they were in. 
I was lucky to have the benefit of my grandmother’s wisdom.  Without her concoctions, we would have mutated long ago.  Those little patches of green were the only safe havens in this land of destruction. I had no idea why they weren’t hit, but I was thankful when I did happen to stumble upon one, because it didn’t happen often.
As he walked away, he stopped and turned to me.
“You know, not all the world is as toxic as here,” he said before continuing on his way.
Yeah, some is worse, I thought.
I stood watching Geo until he disappeared over the knoll of the dirt road before heading in the direction of home. I’d calmed down enough to allow myself to think more clearly about the words my mother scribbled on the extremely thin parchment I still clutched.
It was another fifteen minutes before I felt the softness of the grass surrounding our homestead beneath my feet. I stopped to inspect the area. Our cabin was nestled between the two oak trees my grandfather planted almost immediately after our arrival. With the help of my grandmother, they grew at three times the normal rate they would have if left to nature. Their thick foliage caressed the slate roof that protected us from the unforgiving rays of the sun.  It made a peaceful and inviting view.
One hundred feet to the left of the cabin and about twenty feet to the right of my grandfather’s work shed was my grandmother’s herbal greenhouse with an attached vegetable garden. The neat rows of plants, that thrived in the soil she’d treated to make sure the earth’s toxins wouldn’t penetrate it, made a colorful canvas against the bleakness of our exterior world. I shook my head as I once again thought of how much the world could benefit from her wisdom and skills. I wished I knew what to do to convince her to venture out and share.
I smoothed the letter, folded it back up along its creases, and returned it to the envelope before tucking it beneath my shirt in the back waistband of my jeans.  The sharp edges of the envelope scratched at the small of my back like a knife, reminding me of its presence with every step I took.
My grandfather stepped out onto the porch sporting a wave and a broad grin. I smiled at the love he so clearly held for me. It felt in stark contrast to what I now felt for my newly resurrected mother. My hand flew to my back and touched the letter thoughtfully. Should I tell them their daughter was still alive?







 

CHAPTER TWO


I lay in my narrow bed that butted against the wall of my small, but cozy, bedroom and focused on not vomiting my dinner.  My conversation with my grandparents hadn’t gone as expected and my entire body was reacting. I practiced the controlled breathing method my grandparents were such strong advocates of whenever a stressful situation occurred.
It wasn’t helping.  
I was about to give in and let it all purge forth. 
I was sitting up and holding a bucket to my chin when I heard a light tapping on my door. I recognized the tap. It was my grandmother.
 My emotions were mixed. I wanted nothing more than to be left alone, but I also knew the distraction would take my mind off my stomach’s rebellion and possibly quell it.  Besides, there was no sense in delaying the inevitable.  When my grandmother set her mind on a topic, getting her to drop it was like trying to get a dog to give up a juicy bone.  I heaved a deep sigh; partly out of resignation and partly to control the urge to vomit. I put the bucket onto the floor and beckoned her to enter.
Long white hair fell across her still smooth, oval shaped face as she peered cautiously around the door.  Even in her advanced years, her beauty couldn’t be denied. Deep brown eyes twinkled with mischief like that of a young girl’s as she smiled that pearly white, toothy smile I knew so well.
For the most part, my grandmother was a happy sort. The hardships we endured living in such a remote and baron part of the world didn’t dampen her inherent jovial spirit. The clouding of her face during our conversation at dinner was the first scowl I recall in a long, long time.  As I watched her five feet, six-inch-tall, slender frame glide into my room with such self-assured stateliness, I was reminded of a regal queen entering court.  
“Are you up to a little chat, dear?” she asked, sweetly.
I knew saying ‘no’ would be meaningless so I simply nodded.
“I want you to understand the reason I withheld the fact that your grandfather and I knew your mother lived,” she continued while positioning herself in the oversized chair next to my dresser. “As you know, your mother was seriously wounded. We all saw the bullets enter her chest.  She gave your grandfather and me clear instructions to make sure you were safe, should she be killed.  She made us promise to follow them to the letter. When we saw her go down, we honored that promise and scooted you out of there as fast as we could. We couldn’t bear the thought of leaving her body there since we knew mutants were spotted in the area. Your grandfather sent men back for it, but it was gone.  It took the better part of a year for us to discover the truth of what occurred. We contemplated telling you, but you were so young and… well, your mother was no longer herself.  We felt it best to leave things as they were.”
“She explained what happened in her note,” I choked out softly.
“Did she now?” my grandmother said with a raised brow.
My throat was so strained from trying to control the hurt I felt over my mother’s abandonment of us -and perhaps my grandparent’s apparent abandonment of my mother- that I could barely swallow, let alone speak again.
“Then you understand why we think it’s best to simply go on as normal,” my grandmother said as she stood up to leave.
“She knew where I was and didn’t want me. She didn’t want any of us.   She left us here in this devastated hell while she lived in a lush underground kingdom,” I said.   “I hate her.”
My grandmother moved to my side and held me close.
“Your mother hasn’t been the same since the shooting.  Try to remember that.  The mother you knew and loved is no more. Remember her, love her, but don’t expect her to return. She’s gone,” she said with soothing authority.
“She wants me to go with her now. After all these years, she’s finally decided she wants me with her,” I moaned.
“That can’t happen,” my grandmother said with a shake of her head and an icy tone. “Forget about it,” she continued insistently as she patted my cheek. “Now, get some rest. Tomorrow is a new day and all will look differently for you.”  As she started to leave, she stopped with her hand on the door and looked at me. “We’ll work in the garden tomorrow. I have some new lessons for you.”
“Did you ever contact her?” I asked, wistfully.
“Your grandfather has had a few dealings with her,” she replied.
“She said she doesn’t know our whereabouts,” I mused.
“There’s a good reason for that, my child,” she said.
“How can you contact her and keep our whereabouts a secret?  I don’t understand,” I said.
“There’s a force field of sorts around us,” she explained with reluctance. “If she really wanted to find us, she would. She has the ability. Now get some sleep.”
I watched her gently pull the door closed and rolled onto my side with my back to the room.  It had been a long day.  The hunt for that perfect picture proved grueling and arduous. That alone would have been enough to exhaust me, but the stress of running into Geo and receiving my mother’s letter on top of it put me over the edge. I was tired, cranky, and unreasonable. My grandmother was probably right.  Sleep was what I needed.  Tomorrow was a new day.


****


The morning proved my grandmother to be correct. I felt like myself again.  
It was my intention to destroy my mother’s note, but something nagging at me in the recesses of my mind stopped me. Instead, I tucked it in the back of my underwear drawer. I was determined to forget about it.
I did fairly well at keeping the note and my mother out of my mind for the majority of the day.  My grandmother filled the morning with botany lessons, which helped tremendously. I found the world of horticulture, botany, and herbology vastly interesting.  I marveled over her ability to make things grow in such a baron and decrepit environment.  Our little patch of home was a lush oasis in a vast desert of destruction. 
I’ve been my grandmother’s student for as long as I can remember. I know the names and can identify plants that are, for the most part, long extinct in the world around me.   Although, I have no idea why that would be something she wanted me to learn. She even taught me how to mix them to bring out their medicinal qualities.  
When I asked her why she focused on teaching me about plants that were extinct in the world outside of our little cocoon, she simply shrugged, smiled, and said, “You never know when it will come in handy.”
My grandfather made certain we kept contact with the rest of humanity via the world wide web. It miraculously managed to survive the two minor and one major nuclear wars that occurred within the time span of fifty years. In fact, it improved.  Since the minor wars occurred long before the major one took place, it gave time for the geeks of the world to prepare and create ways to save or salvage what they considered most important. The world wide web was top on their list.  
Underground communities with methods of communication and transportation that exceeded that of the surface world were also created after the minor wars took place. There was speculation that the planet would be destroyed to the extent that life wouldn’t be able to exist on the surface if there was a nuclear war.  Of course, that wasn’t true. The war did, however, alter the composition of much of the planet’s life. It destroyed or mutated the plants that weren’t hardy enough to withstand the toxic onslaught. This created a domino effect and the majority of the animals that remained on the surface either mutated at various intensities or were lost. In turn, this affected the survival methods of humans on the surface whose DNA was also affected by the radiation.  Not only did they lose much of their humanity, but they turned to cannibalism.
The fact that the New World Order prepared in advance for the effects the nuclear war would have on the planet’s surface and were able to clean it up to the point it was livable again in a relatively short period of time was fortunate for the poor and middle class who survived the toxic onslaught without or with little mutation.  The cost of retreating to an underground haven that those ‘in the know’ managed to have ready was astronomical and something only the wealthy could afford.  It was this fact that made me curious about my mother. We were far from wealthy before we were separated in battle so how did she manage to live below ground? Did she have a wealthy benefactor? Were these renies wealthy protesters?  Since I had no idea who saved her, there was no way of knowing.
Or was there?
Could Geo provide me with the answers that were grilling in my head?  I wanted to know how my mother survived.  Her letter left a lot unclear. From where I stood during Bartholomew’s army invasion, her chest was riddled with holes. How could anyone still have a heartbeat, even a minute one, after such an onslaught of bullets?  Where did the renies take her when they found her?  Who found her? Who were these renies? Who healed her?  How did they heal her? How did she become the queen of a subterranean community?   Was it simply because of her skills with horticulture and biology?
I smiled to myself at the thought of anyone being labeled a Queen. I didn’t think that antiquated type of monarchy still existed. Apparently, it did.  Underground, at least.
As angry as I was over my mother’s abandonment of her own flesh and blood, I was equally curious about her.  I wanted answers. I needed answers.  
I knew I was going against my grandparent’s wishes and instructions but I just had to have these answers. I went to bed early and arose a few hours before the rest of the house. Packing a few necessities, I set out for the mountain to find Geo. I patted my bag as I carefully strapped it to my back. I hoped I’d find him within the day, but just in case it took longer I’d have a little water, a few toiletries, and a compact sleeping tent to get me through the night.
I had a stomach that rarely demanded sustenance.  Because of this, I not only forgot to eat breakfast, I also forgot to pack food. I’d been walking about three hours when it woke up and spoke to me.  Food was always plentiful in my household so hunger wasn’t something I was accustomed to. I didn’t like the sensation as I continued my search for Geo. If the drive to know more about my mother hadn’t been so strong I’d have returned home for a good meal.
It was early afternoon before I found him sitting in the shade of a thick foliaged tree on a large boulder near a clear, slow traveling stream.  He had his feet submerged in the cool liquid. He was so clean I almost didn’t recognize him.  In fact, if he hadn’t hailed me I might have walked right on by thinking him a stranger to avoid.
He’d removed the white soot-like dust from his body.   His clean rich raven curls shone brilliant in the sun’s rays and he’d removed the hair from his face.  His lack of that filthy trench coat and stinky turtleneck displayed a perfectly buff upper torso.  His pants were rolled halfway up his strong, shapely calves. What an incredible transformation. Had I not grown so familiar with his sultry voice from his incessant talking while following me the other day, I think I would have refused to believe him the same person.
“You’re starting to tan,” I said uncomfortably instead of what I wanted to say, which was ‘You’re a hunk!’
“I see that,” he scowled. “This feels so good I hate to load up with all of those layers again, but at least I gave them a good wash.”  
I shuffled uncomfortably under his scrutinizing gaze.  His perfection magnified my imperfections to me. Because of my aversion to food, I was slender to the agonizing threat of being considered scrawny.  The only things that saved me from such a stigma were my curvy hips and well developed bust. I suddenly regretted ignoring my grandmother’s pleas to eat more often and in larger quantities. 
“Why aren’t you tanned? You’re as white as someone living below ground,” he said.
Phew!  That was a lot better than if he’d ask why I was built like a curvy scarecrow with boobs. I smiled and reached for the small tub of my grandmother’s concoction I’d been sure to stuff in my sack. 
“I use this daily,” I said as I handed it to him. “Put it on sparingly, but thoroughly.”
He reached for the tub with a nod of thanks and sniffed it as if it was something to eat. I raised my eyebrow in surprise when he mumbled the names of a few of the plants to himself before smoothing a thin layer of the goop down his arms and across his chest.
“You have to rub it in really good,” I added.
“Could you make this on your own?” he asked.
“I’ve never thought to try, but I’ve seen her do it often enough that I could probably manage,” I replied.
“This is like gold, you know,” he said as he shook the container in my direction for emphasis. 
I did know. Between my grandfather’s insistence that it would be too difficult to distribute and my grandmother’s fear that it would bring too much attention to us and destroy our little world of peaceful living... or worse, bring Bartholomew’s attention to us… I’d stopped pressing the issue.
“I’ll need your help with my back,” he said matter-of-factly as he turned his back toward me and held the jar for me to dip my fingers into.
My hands trembled to the beat of my heart as I did his bidding.  I’d never been this close to a man who wasn’t my grandfather.  The fact that he cleaned up so well didn’t help matters.  I picked up the faint scent of whatever it was he’d used to wash with. It smelled vaguely familiar. Was it Frankincense perhaps? I couldn’t tell for sure, but it blended well with his body’s inherent musky scent and left me a bit heady for a brief moment.
I shook my head as nonchalantly as I could to clear it and adjusted my waist long hair over my shoulders to help camouflage what I was actually doing. With a sigh of determination, I willed my hands to steady themselves while I smoothed my grandmother’s sunscreen all over Geo’s broad, muscular shoulders and down his narrowing back. His skin felt surprisingly cool, soft, and smooth as my palms gently pushed and kneaded the ointment into every exposed inch.
“It’s been a long time since I have been touched,” he moaned.
I pulled my hands back like they’d been burned on hot coals.
“Take it easy, princess,” he muttered with a sexy, gravel-like chuckle, “I didn’t mean anything by it other than the fact that it felt good.”
“I’m not accustomed to touching people like this,” I admitted.
He slowly surveyed our surroundings and beyond and with a quick nod and said, “I’m not surprised.”  As if by second thought he continued, “How do you get it smeared all over you each day?”
“I have a… Oh no, I forgot my applicator,” I said with genuine dismay.  
Without my applicator, I’d have to have assistance getting the ointment in places I couldn’t reach.
“Does that mean you’re coming with me?” he asked, hopefully.
“I came for answers,” I said, firmly. “Tell me about Sybil.”
“Sybil?” he asked with raised brow. “Do you mean your mother?”
“My mother died ten years ago. This woman is a stranger to me,” I patiently explained. “I can’t think of a woman who would abandon me for so many years without so much as a ‘how are you’ as my mother.  Her name is Sybil. Sybil Camron-Merker.”
“Now, that’s a mouthful,” he said thoughtfully. “I had no idea what her real name was.  No wonder everyone just calls her Majesty.”
I let out a groan and motioned for him to start talking.
“Wouldn’t you rather ask your mother?” he asked, softly.  
When I vehemently shook my head, I thought I detected something in his eyes. Was it guilt?  Sadness? Disapproval?  I didn’t know enough about him to be sure of the emotion, but there was definitely something going on within him.
With a sigh of resignation, he invited me to sit beside him and dip my feet in the cool water while I hammered him with one question after the other. Although he answered each one as it was asked, there were times when his hesitancy made me wonder if I was getting the full truth or just a portion of it.
I discovered Geo wasn’t originally of my mother’s people. Until recently, he’d lived above ground in one of the surviving parts of the country. He made it clear that his home was far less affected and more habitable than mine. He was a member of a group that opposed Bartholomew’s tyrant ways. It was a small band of rebels that attacked and sabotaged his acts of tyranny whenever possible.  One-day Geo’s band of rebels fell into an ambush.  He was the only one left alive, and then just barely.  His story sounded similar to my mother’s. 
I outwardly winced when he lowered his waist band far enough to show me a super faint mark that he said was where a bullet passed through his gut. I inwardly battled jealousy when he informed me that one of the rebels who fought and died alongside him was his fiancé.
Silently chastising myself for being ridiculous, I continued with my chain of questions. He told me it was Sybil and a small band of her followers who found him and took him back to their underground community. Although she didn’t personally tend to him, she oversaw the treatment he received. He attributed his being alive to her wisdom and knowledge. When he was finally healed and given the go ahead to return to his home, he opted to remain and serve in her army since they seemed to be fighting for the same cause. He’d lost those he loved in the ambush and felt there was nothing to go home to anyway.
Geo freely answered my questions about what it was like to live underground.  He explained how it took his eyes a while to get used to the unique lighting and his lungs to grow accustomed to the denser air.  He freely admitted he preferred it on the surface and sought every opportunity to perform a task that required he spend time above ground.  
It made no sense why he would remain in service to my mother below ground when he preferred it on the surface. Sure, she healed his wounds but did he owe her his life?  I questioned him about it but he remained stubbornly elusive.  I finally gave up and moved to a different topic.
We spent the next hour or so talking about life in his native home verses his new underground home. His land was spared much of the devastation that crippled the rest of the planet, so they didn’t have to rebuild or adjust as much.  They also escaped the ordeal of dealing with mutants.  I sat in awe as I listened to him tell me about the lush landscape and potable water there for the taking. It wasn’t just in small, elusive patches.  It was everywhere.  It didn’t sound real, and if it was real I wanted to know why they weren’t bombarded by the survivors to the point of overcrowding.
He admitted that, although many of the cities were packed beyond capacity, there were a few remote areas in the country that were still undeveloped.  The majority of the people found this remoteness not to their liking or didn’t even realize it existed. It was in one of these areas that Verso was located. With a population of one thousand or so, it lacked the opportunities, conveniences, and amenities of a large city.  Hamlets like Verso were often overlooked as a choice of places to live since they offered little opportunity for work and social life.  Since Verso was the place of his birth, he much preferred it to that of a large city and would have happily lived out his life there.  
He went on to describe my mother’s land. 
Where life in Verso sounded like paradise, life in my mother’s subterranean society sounded sterile and restricted in comparison. Water wasn’t naturally potable for those who were still adapting to living under ground.  It required treatment before it could be consumed by newcomers. Those who were born below or lived there for a lengthy period of time were able to tolerate the high mineral content in it, but a newly arrived surface dweller, like Geo, required it be treated before he could ingest it.  When I asked him what would happen if he just drank it like the natives did, he explained the excess in minerals was too much for his digestive system to tolerate and it made him ill; sometimes to the point of vomiting. 
Lighting was artificial, at a premium, and found only where the main populous lived. There were places where only candles or oil lamps provided limited illumination.  
My mother managed to grow foliage of all varieties, but again it could be found only in specific places. This was for several reasons. First and foremost, oxygen was a precious commodity that they couldn’t afford to spare on plant life. The artificial environment wasn’t exactly conducive for the plant life my mother cultivated and it consumed oxygen in a manner similar to a human, rather than like a surface plant would do. Residents were actually competing for the oxygen and water with the plants. My mother called the situation a necessary evil. When I heard his description of her world, I once again was plagued with the question of why he would want to abandon life above ground for it, but I knew better than to think I’d get an answer if I pressed the issue. 
Since I was a student of the same women who taught my mother the base of everything she knew about horticulture and who had encouraged her to go on to school to become a biologist, I was admittedly curious about the plant life she managed to cultivate in her subterranean world.  Geo said it was similar to what was found in his land and more what was found in the world before it was hit with nuclear toxicity.  She’d even managed to stumble upon some fossils of extinct plants and bring them back into existence. I wondered if any of these plants were ones I’d studied with my grandmother.
“I’ll admit I’m curious about it all,” I said, softly.
“Come back with me and quench that curiosity,” he urged.
“I don’t know if I can tolerate being underground like that,” I admitted.
He shaded his eyes with his hand and looked off into the distance toward my home and smirked. 
“It can’t be any worse than here,” he said with haughty honesty.
My immediate reaction was to take offense, but I quickly put myself in check. He was right about my home.  I’d often referred to it as the ‘armpit of the planet’ when begging my grandparents to move closer to civilization. It was ridiculous for me to be offended for him making a comment that I heartily agreed with.
I listened to myself tell him that I would go back with him while he held me in one of those captivating eye connections that sent my body into a tailspin.  What was I thinking?
I clearly wasn’t.
Just what was it about this man that got me all twisted up inside? I felt like I was going when I should be coming and coming when I should be going.  It was damned difficult to keep my head clear enough to manage the situation with caution.  He’d told me just enough to peak my curiosity and now I didn’t know if I could prevent myself from following him home even if I was to listen to that nagging warning deep in my gut.
The loud grumbling from my stomach brought such color to my face it could have been mistaken for sunburn. It was well into the afternoon and I still hadn’t eaten.  On top of that, I’d merely picked at my dinner the night before.  I was seriously hungry.
He spared me more humiliation by saying nothing about my boisterous belly. Picking his feet from the cool stream he snickered at his water wrinkled skin, wiggled his toes, and announced he was hungry. With as much ado as one would expect to be showered on a guest in a grand home, he helped me to my feet, offered me his arm, and asked that I join him. 
I was hard pressed to walk as regally as I could with my hand on his arm when all I wanted to do was shove him out of my way and race to the fire where a rabbit was roasting on a spit. Rabbits were a rarity in these parts and considered a delicacy. How he’d managed to acquire one was beyond me. At that particular moment, I didn’t care. My hunger overrode my curiosity.  
It was almost painful holding myself in check. The aroma of spigot roasted rabbit permeated the air as we walked closer to his cooking camp. I wiped the saliva escaping the corners of my mouth as inconspicuously as possible. If he noticed, he was polite enough not to mention it.
Comparing the rude way I told him he stank when we first met to his polite ignorance of my loud stomach and drooling made me feel small and petty. It magnified the isolated life I’d led. I had a lot to learn about socializing with people.
“The sun will be at its hottest in a bit,” Geo uttered with a yawn. “I think it would be better to travel at night, don’t you?”  Although he’d cooked the rabbit for me, he ate none of it.  Even so, his hands were greasy from preparing and serving. Without waiting for me to reply he stood up and poured some water from his travel canteen over his hands and added, “Do you nap?” 
I couldn’t remember the last time I slowed my body down enough to take a nap in the middle of the day.  I shook my head to indicate ‘no’.
“Well, try,” he said. “I’m going over there under that tree.”  He pointed to a tree thick with foliage that would provide sufficient shade during the sun’s hottest peak and then moved his finger toward the rocks behind us. “There’s a small overhang up there that should work for you. It should catch the breeze as well.”
He handed me the canteen so I could follow suit and clean my hands before heading off for his afternoon siesta. I shrugged my shoulders as I carefully replaced the cap over the canteen’s opening and set it down next to his supply pack.  It suddenly dawned on me that I hadn’t noticed this pack when we’d met on the road. I made a mental note to ask him about it and then headed off toward the spot he indicated.
 
 












 

CHAPTER THREE


The heat of the day, exertion of searching for Geo, and an empty stomach that was finally satiated took their toll on me.  I’d no sooner lied down to take the nap that I was sure I wouldn’t be able to take when Geo was shaking me awake.  I looked around, a little disoriented.  
The sun was set and there was very little illumination in the sky from the stars or moon.  I questioned how he thought we’d make our way across dicey terrain to wherever it was we were going, but decided to keep my doubts to myself.  After all, I may not have traveled very far away from home, but Geo had. In fact, I was fairly certain we were simply retracing his steps back to Sybil’s underground world.
As we made our way across the desolate land that took me further and further from the safe cocoon of my home, I was thankful for the poor visibility.  It kept me from looking back.  We walked for several hours before I realized my eyes were adjusted to the lighting and I was able to see shapes in the distance ahead of us. They looked like trees and mountains, but I couldn’t be sure.  The ground we walked on was still baron dirt with no visible signs of vegetation. It could have been one of the vegetation oases that we were always grateful to come across that I was seeing in the night, or it could have been a figment of my imagination.
It wasn’t long before it was clear to me that what I was seeing was indeed a grove of trees with a mountainous background. I looked at Geo and was surprised to see him scoping the sky as if he was looking for something.  
It was my intention to ask if we could rest a bit and enjoy the lush vegetation when we reached it.  Instead I inquired about what he was searching the sky for.
“Drones,” he said, bluntly.
“At night?” I asked with surprise.
“Always,” he replied with exasperation.
I’d heard of the drones used by the New World Order to keep an eye on the populous from my grandparents, but knew little about them; including what they looked like. The area that I lived in wasn’t considered habitable, so the drones didn’t bother with it. I asked Geo to describe them to me so I could help hold vigil.
“There are the large drones that monitor the skies during the day and the little ones that buzz around at night.  We’re looking for the little ones. They have eight legs jutting from their body. They remind me of oversized spiders.  Where there’s one, there will be more.  They travel in packs so if one gets shot down the others can broadcast headquarters with the information about how it happened,” he said with disgust.
“A pack of drones,” I muttered. “It sounds ominous.”
“It is,” he said, flatly.
“Does that mean we can’t rest up ahead?” I asked, hesitantly.  
My legs and feet were screaming from the hours of walking we’d done.
He looked at me and shrugged while saying, “For a bit... if you need to.”
I scowled and said nothing. I did need to and I wasn’t going to be made to feel bad or foolish because of it.  I knew my body. Give it thirty minutes of down time and I’d be good as new.
We reached the oasis within a matter of minutes and let our ears lead us to the flowing stream. I removed my shoes and immersed my aching feet into the cool water.  Geo went upstream a bit and checked to see if the water was potable with a little kit he had in his travel pack.  It was. He filled our water canteens and then returned to me. 
Seeing him reach into his travel pack reminded me about the fact that he didn’t have the pack with him when we met up on the road.  It was my intention to ask him about it when he sat down, but, to my surprise, I stretched out and lay down on the soft grass instead. Within a matter of seconds, I was sound asleep.
The sun was just kissing the peaks of the mountain tops when I opened my eyes. Sometime during what remained of the night I’d pulled my feet from the stream and curled up in the fetal position for warmth. My travel blanket was removed from my travel pack and placed over me, but with nothing beneath me, the damp chill from the earth was countering the warmth of the blanket.
When I realized I’d slept, when I’d only intended on resting my feet and legs for thirty minutes or so, I jumped to my feet.  Not only had I slept, but I’d slept until dawn. Why had Geo allowed this? He said he didn’t want to travel during the day because of the heat. A wave of emotion swept over me. I was annoyed with him for allowing me to sleep and annoyed for needing the sleep as much as I apparently had. Then guilt crept in as I questioned if my oversleeping messed up his travel plans. After which I reasoned with myself that our trip wasn’t actually on a planned schedule, so I couldn’t have messed it up.
The sound of Geo’s footsteps approaching ceased my brooding.  I sat up with a start.
“Good morning, sleepyhead,” he said with an irresistibly charismatic smile.
Well, at least he wasn’t angry with me.
“Why did you let me sleep so long?” I pensively asked. 
“You needed it,” he said with a shrug.
“Where are we?” I asked as I looked around.
I’d been in an oasis or two during my years of isolation but I’d never been in something as lush with life as this one.  I could smell the richness of the dark, damp soil as I ran my hand through thick, lush blades of emerald green grass. Tall pine trees cast shadows in the early morning light that stood strong and defiant against the unforgiving sun.
“We still have a way to go,” Geo mumbled as he packed up the remnants of our makeshift camp.  “The fire’s out, but the pine needle tea should still be warm. I set out a few cold biscuits for you.” 
I questioned whether I was wrong about his lack of anger when, without stopping his packing ritual to look at me, he pointed to a small cluster of bushes and directed me to ‘do my business’ there.
I hurried to the bushes to relieve myself and then scurried back to the water to wash up, before helping myself to the lukewarm pine needle tea and cold biscuits.  It was the first time I tasted pine needle tea, so I hesitated to put it to my lips. I was surprised to find it quite palatable. I couldn’t say the same for the biscuits.  They had a mineral taste; like they were made from ground stone. I remembered his comment about the water and assumed the taste was a result of watering their plants with it.
As if reading my mind, Geo said, “The biscuits were made for the trip with subterranean grains. The water gives them a taste that you’ll notice, but I assure you they’re fine to eat.”
“Do you read minds?” I asked, hesitantly.
It wasn’t that I was uncomfortable about the fact that my traveling companion might have the ability to read minds.  It was the fact that I wasn’t aware of this and I was nervous he might pick up the thoughts about his sexy body that flooded my head on more occasions that I cared to admit.  I could feel the color rising in my cheeks while I waited for his reply.
“It doesn’t take a mind reader to know your reaction to the taste of those biscuits,” he said with a chuckle. “It wasn’t that long ago that my own palate was assaulted with the taste.  I’ve gotten used to them, but I still remember.”
 I smiled with relief, while assuring him they weren’t too horrific.  Thanking him for the morning fare, I proceeded to assist him what little packing was left to do. 
I have to say I admired his proficiency and speed in setting up and taking down our little camp. I guess that came with practice.  From the stories he told me, it was clear he had plenty.
Sometime during our stops, he managed to scrub his fedora free of debris. It sat perched on top of his shiny raven hair that was pulled back in a queue at the base of his neck.  Secure with the protection of my grandmother’s sunscreen, he’d shed most of the layers he’d worn when we met. It was difficult to keep my admiration of his well-developed body in check.  I reasoned with myself that it was because I’d lived out the last ten years with only the company of two elderly people that I found his body so beautifully irresistible.  Had things been different, I would have surely been less affected. 
With the heat of the day rapidly approaching, Geo insisted on applying the sunscreen to my back.  Even though I wore clothing, my grandmother was adamant I was coated from head to toe against rays that might invade the weave of the fabric. Without my applicator, I had no choice but to accept his assistance. I trembled with erotic delight as his strong hands stealthily spread the sunscreen along the length of my back. When he reached the waist of my jeans I gasped as a burst of pleasure consumed my abdomen. My head tipped back as I abandoned myself to the feeling. I’d been clutching my tee shirt over my front, but, I was so lost in the sensation, I forgot all modesty and allowed my hands to drop to my sides; leaving my large, youthful breasts exposed.
A mindless buzzing filled my head as I leaned back against Geo’s solid chest.  I could feel his heart beating as he gently slid his hand from my back to my stomach. The sensation was foreign and impossibly arousing. I wanted him to continue and stop at the same time.
His breath caressed my ear as I moved my head to the side to allow his lips to find mine.    I mentally scolded myself for such wanton behavior with a man I’d only met, but did nothing to stop what was happening. I knew it was me and not him initiating it, but I couldn’t control myself.  It was like some unseen force was driving me forward.  What was it about this man that just drew me to him like a magnet?  Somewhere in the back of my mind, I regretted him washing away the dirt and stench that camouflaged his irresistible good looks and magnetism.
His kiss was long and deep. I was far too consumed with the amazing sensations the floated throughout and teased my body to worry about how amateur my kisses might appear to this very adept kisser. I would worry about that later. The low groan of pleasure that came from deep within my throat changed the mood from slow and sensual pleasure to hard and lustful need within Geo. It was like a switch was turned on in him. He no longer held back on his desire to have me. His hands explored my flesh in a way that caused my body to jolt with delight.  
The change in the atmosphere prompted my mind to sit up and take notice about what was really happening. I wrestled within myself on what to do. Should I stop him from taking it to the point of no return?  It felt fabulous, but it was also dangerous to let him continue. I was a virgin, after all. At what point should I ask him to stop?  This wasn’t the first time I regretted not having female friends my own age to talk to, but it was the time I regretted it the most.  If I’d had a girlfriend with a little experience to share stories with I might have a better idea of what to do.
When his soft moist lips consumed my breast I threw caution to the wind.  Never in my life had I experienced the delights his touch created and I had no intention of stopping it now. I felt the cool earth against my bare back as he gently positioned me beneath him and unzipped my loose fitting, extremely faded jeans. It didn’t matter what I should and shouldn’t do at this point. I was lost in mindless abandonment.

****

I lay in stunned silence while I watched Geo merrily splash the cool, clear water the oasis provided on his naked body while he washed away the remnants of our love making. He beckoned me to join him with surprising enthusiasm, but I couldn’t move.  I knew I needed to follow suit, but my body refused to cooperate.  I was trembling from head to toe and was certain my legs wouldn’t hold me if I tried to stand on them.
I was in shock.  Somewhere in the middle of all of that deliciousness, a reality dagger cut through. My mindless pleasure fell by the wayside as the piercing pain of my actions shot through my tender body. I’d heard that the first time for a virgin was uncomfortable, but no one prepared me for the breathtaking pain that consumed me as he drove his manhood deep into the folds of my most private area. Suddenly I felt everything with acute accuracy and it didn’t feel good. I wanted him to stop, but his long deep kisses prevented me from screaming the request. Tears moistened my cheeks while he rhythmically drove himself to his peak of pleasure.  His weight felt crushing as my tender flesh collided with the abrasive grassy soil to the rhythm of his strong, slender hips.
Then it was over.
The heat of the day dried the sweat of our coupled bodies almost immediately after he rolled away from me and made his way toward the stream. He was either unaware of my state or didn’t care. From the jovial way he was splashing in the water I wondered if it could have been both.
Geo‘s sexy nakedness emerged from the water with me still lying in the same position he’d left me in. He sat down next to me and shook pellets of cold water from his hair. He’d loosened it from its binding in order to freshen his sweaty scalp and it now hung limp and glistening against his shoulders.
“I never would have guessed you to be a virgin,” he said while he squeezed excess water from his raven locks.
I said nothing.
“Did it hurt much?” he asked timidly. “If I’d have known you were a virgin I...”
“Let it go,” I said, as I forced myself to hop to my feet.
I wanted to get as far away from him as I could. I was upset and I didn’t know why.  Maybe it was because of his nonchalant attitude about something that was life altering for me, or maybe it was because I was really upset with myself. I was the one who’d encouraged him. It was no wonder he was surprised to find me a virgin.
I made my way to the water with little care about the fact that I was still naked. When I caught his admiring eyes on my physique while I washed myself, I lifted my chin, haughtily, to send him a message. I was briefly able to catch the look of confusion on his face before I turned my back to him.
I know I was being unreasonable, but I couldn’t help myself.  This wasn’t how I planned things to go for my first time. Sure, Geo was gorgeous beyond gorgeous, but to rut like animals in the grass wasn’t the romantic scene I dreamed of night after lonely night once my womanhood set in.
I had no idea he’d followed me to the water until I felt his hands washing the dirt off my back. He was gentle with his ministrations, but he remained in confused silence.  
 






 

CHAPTER FOUR


Although he watched me from the corner of his eye, Geo said little for the remainder of the day. I knew I owed him an apology, but I wasn’t ready to give it.  The truth was that I didn’t know what to say or how to say it. My pride wouldn’t let me admit that I was a naïve and sheltered girl who’d never been kissed, let alone anything else. I let the moment get away from me.  Just thinking of it brought waves of humiliation. I concluded the world he lived in was far more open than my uptight grandparents could have ever allowed. 
The more time I spent with him, the more I realized what a baby I truly was. It was both embarrassing and humbling. Every time I imagined the sophisticated and worldly women he’d probably been with and how I paled in comparison, my cheeks grew hot. I couldn’t hide my virginity, but I could at least hide the extent of my naivety from him. 
“It won’t be long before we go underground,” he said matter-of-factly, while unpacking the makings of our makeshift camp.
“It’s amazing how you manage to find these little oases in the middle of such desolation,” I said, uncomfortably.
“I had a map,” he confessed before focusing on his task.  
Our camp was near a stream that sported a decent population of trout. After building a fire with some twigs he’d gathered, Geo produced a collapsible fishing pole from his sack, brought it to full length and headed for the water.
I sat dejectedly by the fire hugging my knees while I thought through what I could say to break the uncomfortable vibe between us. I wanted to kick myself for reacting like I had. I was certain a sophisticated woman wouldn’t have behaved in such a way.
“Stupid idiot,” I mumbled to myself.
“What?” Geo said as he approached the campfire with three fish in hand. “What did I do now?”
“I wasn’t talking to you,” I said in a tone far harsher than I had intended.
He looked around with bewilderment, “Okay.”
I couldn’t believe how badly things were going. Because of my stupidity, something that should have been star spangling fantastic was nothing more than a tarnished pile of rubble.  I could blame no one but me.  Worse, I could think of no way to change it; save sacrificing what little pride I had left. 
I wasn’t prepared to do that.
I stood up and started for the stream.  
“Where are you going?” he barked, more than asked.
“I need to think,” I said.
“It’s getting dark,” he replied.
“I won’t go far,” I assured him.
“The fish won’t take long,” he insisted.
“I won’t be long,” I replied with emphasis.
As I huffed my way down the small slope to the edge of the stream I could hear his grumbling about the impossible task he’d taken on.  I assume that task was collecting me for Sybil.
Could things get any worse?
I pulled my shoes off and rolled up my pant legs to just below my knees before wading into the remarkably clear water. It felt cool and soothing. An occasional fish fluttered past my ankles, but I paid them no mind. It was as if an unsaid truce existed between us. I was an outsider in their water world, but I was no threat to them; just as they were no threat to me. For the first time since I’d lain with Geo, I felt a little more like me. I closed my eyes and allowed the water to wash away my anxiety, embarrassment, and shame.
The humming overhead pulled me from my reverie. I looked up just in time to see several drones hovering overhead.  As if on cue they darted out of sight, but not before a flash of bright light practically blinded me.   Suddenly, Geo was pulling me from the water.
“What’s happening?” I asked breathlessly as I scrambled up the slope behind him. “I need my shoes,” I added.
“We need to get out of sight,” he said with concerned excitement.  
He urged me to keep going, assuring me he’d collect my shoes. The speed in which he turned back to scoop up my shoes before catching up with me was nothing short of remarkable. When we were finally nestled deep in the shrubbery, I questioned him about it.
“How are you able to run so fast?” I asked.
“Shhh.  Drones can pick up sound,” he hissed.
We were huddled so close; I could feel his rapid heartbeat against my back. His strong arms wrapped around me, possessively, while he nestled his chin below my ear and whispered reassuring words in a tone that was barely audible.  It felt secure and cozy.  It was as if I was right where I belonged. I leaned against him and took a deep breath. My life was uneventful while in my grandparent’s care.  Clearly, meeting Geo changed all that.  
I closed my eyes while I tried to relax my body and steady my breathing.  The bright light from the drones was probably a flash as they snapped my picture and relayed it back to headquarters. But why?  What was the issue with wading in the stream?  
When he finally said the drones were gone, it was the first thing I asked him. His response was both confusing and concerning.
“We’re on the border of one of Bartholomew’s encampments.  I’d have preferred to take a different route, but I was looking for you for so long and time is running out. This is the quickest route. We’ll have to break camp and leave right away,” he said in response to my question.
I tried to get a better explanation from him, but he was so focused on breaking camp and getting us as far away as possible that I couldn’t get much out of him other than a grunt or two. 
My legs were put to the test as I scrambled to keep up with his tireless pace. I was already tired when we’d stopped to make camp.  I had no idea how long I would be able to keep going.  I said nothing to Geo, but he must have guessed my state of exhaustion. He surprised me by adjusting his backpack and ordering me to climb onto his back.  He was actually demanding I let him give me a piggy back ride.
I looked at him long and hard while I assessed the situation.  The night was dark and visibility was poor.  From what I could tell, we had some rough and rocky terrain ahead of us.  I may be scrawny, but carrying just me for a long time would be taxing.  It seemed to me that his carrying me with my pack, combined with his own very large pack, would exhaust him in a matter of minutes.  It was hardly worth the hassle of struggling onto his back.  Yet, I climbed on his back anyway.
I draped my arms around his neck and nestled my chin on his shoulder.  I was exhausted.  It would take very little for me to fall asleep, even in the position I was in.  My legs gripped his torso as he lunged forward in a slow jog.  I could feel the rhythm of his strong, well developed muscles as they carried us steadily toward our destination.  I closed my eyes and focused on his breathing. It was slow, steady, and effortless.
It wasn’t long before I allowed my body to relax. His hands supported my buttocks when the grip of my thighs loosened.  As crazy as it sounds, it actually made me feel comfortable and secure.  As a result, I fell into a remarkably deep sleep.


****

I awoke lying next to Geo in a large soft bed.  I had no idea where I was, how I got there, and why I was completely naked.  Interestingly, I didn’t care.  
The bed was made of a material unlike anything I’d experienced before. It molded around my body like a protective glove. Its coverings were of a smooth, light satin that erotically tantalized my flesh.  
I stretch my arms out to my side until my palm rested on Geo’s bare chest.  I let it settle against his cool, smooth skin while I watched his slow, rhythmic breathing. 
“Good morning,” he muttered, sleepily.
“Good morning,” I replied in a voice just above a whisper. I watched him for a bit longer before asking, “Where are we?”
I waited for a response that I questioned would actually come. Had he gone back to sleep? His breathing certainly indicated it. I decided to get up and check out my surroundings a little.  I’d no sooner shifted my weight to lift myself from my cozy cocoon when his strong arm wrapped around my waist and pulled me to him.
How do I describe what happened next? It was like a dream, or perhaps a scene from one of the romance stories I downloaded from the internet book stores. It was definitely closer to those wonderfully erotic and girlish dreams I’d had for all those years. The disappointing memories of our first time together were diminished by the deliciousness of the moment.  This should have been my first time making love with him.
His normally cool skin was heated by passion. It was in stark contrast to the coolness of the bedclothes, yet just as silky. The sensation was only surpassed by his knowing caress. I was so lost in the bliss of the moment that I barely realized what happened until it was over.
As I lay wrapped in his embrace, while enjoying the sensation of the light kisses his lips left as they traveled my face, neck, and bosom, I was brought back to reality by a knock on the door. Although Geo was undisturbed by the intrusion, my heart picked up speed at the thought of being discovered naked in his bed.  This was the moment when my lack of worldliness was painfully clear.
Feeling the tension surge through my body, he looked at me assuringly.
“No one will hurt you here,” he said, softly.
“Where are we?” I practically whispered.
“Wait here,” he said as he leapt out of bed in all his naked glory.
 I watch in surprised awe as he nonchalantly meandered across the large room that housed us until he reached the door.
“Who is it?”  he asked, while placing his hand on the door knob. 
Although the door muffled her voice and I was on the opposite side of a very large room, I was sure I heard a young woman state her name as Julia. Geo unlocked the door and casually walked into a small room that I later learned was his walk-in closet and returned wearing a plush black robe. He looked totally huggable.
I pulled the lightweight satin sheets up to my neck. I was mindful of how they molded to the shape of my nakedness, but was unable to do anything about it. I could feel color rising in my cheeks as Julia’s disdainful eyes slowly traveled the length of my body, as if to emphasize what I already knew. Her look spoke louder than any words could have.
“This is her?” Julia practically hissed.
“Be nice,” Geo said with gentle firmness.
“I take it she came willingly?” she asked.
“She did,” Geo replied.
“With a little persuasion from you, I’m sure,” she added, “You couldn’t control yourself, I see.  That’s not going to go over well.”
Geo chuckled, but said nothing as he lowered himself into a chair that was strategically placed near a large window that consisted of glass made with the latest technology our hard-working scientists came up with to combat the remnants of pollution left from the great war.  It filtered the harmful rays of the sun as the morning light flooded the room. My grandmother’s enormous greenhouse was made of the same glass since certain plants were still not hardy enough to tolerate the sun’s direct rays.
“Majesty’s eager to see her,” Julia said, bluntly.
“In due time,” Geo casually replied.
Julia raised her brows in surprise. “You’re playing with fire, Geo.”
“Perhaps,” he said as he stood and stretched to his full height. “I can understand Majesty’s eagerness to be reunited with her daughter, but she’ll have to wait just a bit longer.” He walked over and sat at the edge of the bed.  Pushing some hair from my face with his finger he added, “Princess is in need of a hot bath and a hardy breakfast.  Her journey wasn’t an easy one.”  He turned to Julia, “Surely Majesty will understand.”
“Surely,” Julia repeated in an unconvincing tone.
“Tell her we’ll be there in an hour or so,” Geo said in a commanding tone,  “and have Gigi bring breakfast.”
“To your room?” Julia asked, incredulously.
Geo nodded.
“Yes master’,” she snapped as she pulled the door shut.
I watched Geo in silence as he slipped his robe off and walked into the large, marble tiled bathroom. 
“Coming?” he beckoned with an alluring smile as he popped his head around the doorway.
I inched my way out of bed, never taking my eyes off the entrance door to the room.  He didn’t lock it behind Julia and Gigi was bringing breakfast. He may not have a modest bone in his body, but I sure did. Steam billowed from the bath he was drawing.  He held up a bottle of bubble bath with raised brows, as if to ask if I wanted it in the water.  I nodded and smiled as I watched him pour the liquid into the running water with care. I could smell the lavender releasing with each bubble that formed.
“How did you manage to get your hands on lavender bubble bath?”  I asked. 
Lavender was one of the plants that was close to extinction.  Only a few botanists were able to grow it. My grandmother being one of them.
“Majesty grows it in her greenhouse,” he said. “She provides it to a select few.”
“Of which you are one?” I asked.
“Correct,” he replied.  
Before I could say more, he held his hand out to assist me into the bath. I felt giddy as I accepted his offer and stepped into the oversized stainless-steel tub. The bubbles tickled in places that had only recently come alive and I giggled with delight. He carefully guided me into a reclining position before producing a sponge to wash me with. His ministrations were gentle and mildly sensual, but he made no move to take it further.  I guessed it was because he knew he couldn’t keep Sybil waiting for too long.
I could hear dishes clanking in the bedroom and guessed our breakfast awaited us.  As if on cue, Geo hopped into the tub and positioned himself on the opposite end with his back to me.  He tossed me the sponge and asked me to wash his back. I eagerly obliged him. 
It was an intimate scene that felt so perfect. I wanted it to last forever. 
CHAPTER FIVE


From the conversations with Geo, I shouldn’t have been surprised to discover that he kept a home above ground just outside the entrance to Sybil’s subterranean kingdom, but I was. Perhaps it was more the type of home he kept than the fact that he kept it. 
After a quick breakfast, he gave me a brief tour of his place before hurrying me along to be reunited with Sybil. I was in awe of the splendor surrounding me.  I’d only seen rooms like these in photos of modern, European homes on the internet.  The humble cabin that was my home for the better part of my life paled so severely in comparison to the splendor of his exquisite place.  As he pointed out the purpose of each room, he acted not the least taken by the quality of the satin, silks, and velvets that covered his sleekly designed furniture and broad windows. Nor was he impressed by the sheen of the highly polished brass and silver door knobs and lighting apparatus. Instead, he expressed his disappointment in not being able to show me his true home in Verso.  
His nonchalant attitude toward such modern luxury told me all I needed to know about his fortunate upbringing.  Yet, he behaved as if he was one of the masses who struggled for survival.  
The more I learned of Geo, the less I knew.
I slid my sun glasses on, but slid them back up onto my head almost immediately when I realized Geo was directing me through a passageway from his house to the entrance leading to Sybil’s subterranean world without having to go outside. As we passed through the narrow doorway, we entered an equally narrow passage that looked long, dark, and ominous. My heart sped up as adrenaline coursed through my veins.  My muscles tightened in preparation for flight. Although, where I’d flee to was a mystery in such cramped quarters.  It didn’t help that Julia decided to follow, thus cutting off my exit options.
My knees threatened to fail me as I struggled to maintain composure. I’d never been in such tight quarters before and I didn’t like it one bit. I hadn’t realized I was claustrophobic. When we finally reached the end of the three-hundred-foot passageway that descended steadily with each step we took.  We entered a much-appreciated anteroom.  My body was dripping with perspiration, my face was flushed, and I was breathing laboriously. Geo, whose back was to me during the tortuous trek, looked at me with shocked dismay.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were claustrophobic?” he asked with concern as he affectionately wiped a few stray strands of hair from my damp forehead.
“I didn’t know,” I replied.
“Wimp,” Julia said as she pushed her slender, finely muscled female form past me.  The strength that she emitted was almost overwhelming.
“Enough,” Geo said to her with authoritative firmness.
I looked from Julia to Geo and back as I tried to guess who she was and what type of relationship there was between them. I suppose I could have asked outright, but I was afraid of what the answer might be. What if she was also his lover? My possessive innocence wouldn’t allow me to contemplate such a thought, so I pushed it and all curiosity about her into the recesses of my mind.
Whether it was spiteful cattiness or simply an act of possession, I can’t be sure, but I surprised myself when I walked to Geo and gripped his hand in mine. For extra emphasis of my message to Julia, I leaned in close to him.  If Geo was aware of the silent turf war between Julia and me, he made no comment. He gave me an affectionate look, wrapped his fingers around mine, and pulled me toward the exit of the anteroom.
“It’s time to reunite with your mother,” he said in that sexy, sultry voice that drove me wild.
When I realized how close I was to being reunited with my long-lost mother, my knees were once again like jelly. I stumbled into Geo. Fortunately, he was quick to catch me and set me aright.
“Are you okay?” he asked with concern.
“Spare me,” Julia said from behind us.
“I said enough, Julia, and I meant it,” Geo growled from deep within his throat.
I shuddered at the contrast between his handsome features and such an ugly tone of voice.
“The reality of seeing my mother after thinking her dead for all these years just hit,” I explained.  “I’ll be fine.”
“I don’t know how I’d react if some stranger appeared and announced my dead mother wasn’t really dead and then asked me to journey to a land I never knew existed to reunite with her.  You are one strong woman,” he said with a voice that beamed with admiration.
“I don’t feel so very strong.  Crazy maybe, but not strong,” I said with a chuckle.
Geo took a moment to smooth my hair and kiss my forehead before urging me to continue on with him.
“Things moved fast between us,” I said, out of the blue.
Geo looked at me with surprise for a moment and then nodded.
“When something is meant to be, that can happen,” he explained. “It wasn’t my intention to fall in love with you.  Far from it. I knew you were mine the minute I tasted your sweetness.” 
“Really?” I said with surprise.
“It’s an undeniable, unbreakable connection, my love,” he said.  “In time, you’ll see what I mean.”
“An unbreakable connection,” I mused, more to myself than anyone else.
“Are we going or what?” Julia blurted with disdain.
Her abrupt reminder of where we were and what we were about to do brought both Geo and me back to reality. He smiled, reassuringly, patted my hand, and led me deeper into the underground world that belonged to Sybil.
I was both surprised and impressed by the manner in which the earth was carved away to create broad, smooth walled tunnels and living areas with seemingly no ceiling for the mass of people who chose to make this inner sanctuary their home.  The lighting was nearly as bright as that above ground, but the air felt denser and more difficult for my lungs to process. I was assured my body would acclimate relatively quickly and I would soon not notice.  
I could see my mother’s handiwork in the botany surrounding us. I recognized most of the plants, since they could also be found in my grandmother’s garden or greenhouse.  Some, however, were so foreign I couldn’t even recollect ever having heard of them. I was so engrossed in my observation of our surroundings that I failed to notice when we stopped in front of a broad white building with enormous double doors until my body collided with Geo. 
As I stumbled to realign my balance, while muttering my apologies, I stopped short when my eyes settled on my mother. She looked just as I remembered her. There wasn’t a year added to her face or physique.  How could that be?  She moved toward me so gracefully that had I not seen her body pelleted with bullets I would have never guessed she was one of Bartholomew’s victims that fateful night. She’d managed to heal completely.
If she noticed my slight flinch when her outstretched hands cupped my cheeks she made no mention of it.
“You’ve grown into a beauty, my girl,” she said in a voice that was slow and sultry.
Finally, something about mother that wasn’t normal.  The voice I remembered was smooth and light. This voice was deeper and slower, with only a hint of the feminine tone I remembered so well.
“Hello, Sybil.  You’re the same as I remember you,” I said, boldly.
“No.  I’m changed, my dear daughter,” she said with a hint of sadness that may have been because of my bold, emotionless tone of voice or may have been because I called her Sybil instead of mother.  I had no idea.  Heaving a sigh, she added, “I’m still your mother and my love for you is the same.”
“Is that why you let me think you were dead all these years?” I asked with unmasked hostility.
The words flew out of my mouth before I could stop myself, but it didn’t matter. She’d left me thinking she was dead for ten years. Is that the act of a mother who loves her child?  I think not. I had a right to be angry, no matter what her excuse for doing it was. 
“I suppose I deserved that,” she said calmly. “Come inside for tea and I’ll explain.”
“Tea,” I said with a chuckle.  “After disappearing for all those years, you want me to join you for tea.  What if I don’t like tea?”
“You love tea and you know it,” she replied, briskly, before turning on her heels.
She led us into the grand building that I later learned housed her as well as was used for government headquarters.  I equated it to the White House I read about that housed the president before the New World Order took over, more so than the palaces and castles of the lords and rulers of old.  My undead mother escorted us to a large sitting room.  There had to be at least forty exquisitely upholstered, sleekly designed club chairs positioned to allow small intimate conversations throughout the room. She moved to the far end where a few steps took us up to an intimate sitting area resting on a platform that made us just high enough above the rest of the room so that everyone sitting in the room could view those occupying the chairs on the platform.   
A tea cart was being wheeled through a door at the back of the platform by a meticulously groomed young man in a white jacket. He reached the seating area at the same time we did and began pouring and distributing fine china tea cups filled with a deliciously aromatic lemongrass tea.
“How did you know I learned to enjoy tea?” I asked.  “I didn’t when you...err... left.”
“You’d be surprised by what I know.  I may have been absent all of those years,” she said, firmly, “but I was never far away.  My eyes were always observing.”
“Why didn’t you come home?” I practically whimpered.  
I took a deep breath to control the tearful emotions created by loss and longing that were threatening to burst forth.
“Your grandparents thought it best I stay dead to you,” she explained. “I suppose they were right.” As an afterthought she added, “You have no idea how difficult it was to stay away.”
“If you knew where I was then why did Geo have to search for almost a month to find me?” I asked accusingly.
“It’s complicated,” she replied, dismissively.
“I can’t believe they knew you were alive and didn’t tell me,” I complained. “I feel deceived and cheated on so many levels.”
“I’ve no doubt you do,” she said with a nod.
I waited for her to say more... to apologize or cry tears of remorse over abandoning me.  All she did was sip her tea and watch me as I sipped mine.  I felt Geo’s hand gently squeeze my knee with reassurance.  It was the first I realized he was even sitting with us. I looked for Julia, but only Geo had joined us. Once again, I questioned who Julia was and what role she played in the scope of things.
Sybil scowled at the apparent intimacy between Geo and me.
“What’s this?” she said while staring disapprovingly at his hand on my knee.
“I didn’t plan this...” Geo began.  
“What have you done?” she said.
“It just happened,” he  sheepishly explained.
“I thought you were equipped with better control,” she snarled.  Looking at me she asked, “Did he take you by force?”
My face burned.  Was my mother referring to my sleeping with Geo? Surely his hand on my knee wasn’t enough to let that cat out of the bag.  Sex was something my grandparents and I never discussed. I grew up believing it was a private thing between man and woman that should only be done after marriage. It definitely wasn’t a woman’s place to initiate pre-marital sex. Yet, I allowed myself to be lost in the sensuality of the moment.  It was because of me things went as far as they did. I was the cause of what happened between Geo and me. 
I was uncomfortable with the way this conversation was going.  More than that...  I was mortified with the fact that I was the one who caused things to go that far, yet Geo was getting the blame for it.  I drew a little comfort from the fact that he was clearly happy with the situation.  
“It’s no big deal,” I said timidly.
“Did my mother teach you that pre-marital sex was no big deal?” she almost screeched.  “I assure you it’s a very big deal.  Free love is not tolerated in this society. There are too many disfiguring diseases to contract. Mankind learned its lesson long before the war. Even if they hadn’t, they have by now.  The gruesomeness of the germ warfare that took place prior to the bomb may never be eliminated.  Not to mention the undesirable DNA to pass on. One must be extremely careful.”
“You know I’m...” Geo began.
“There’s also the matter of the fact that you’re promised to another,” mother interrupted him. 
“That can’t happen now,” Geo said, firmly. 
“I know with certainty that Geo is disease free and his DNA is desirable, but he is not your intended,” she said, ignoring his remark.  She set her cup down on the small brass based, glass top table next to her chair and crossed her legs as she sunk deeper into the sleek, yet plush club chair. “You’ve made a mess of things, Geo.  I should have you flogged.”
“What’s she talking about?”  I asked with confusion and hesitancy.
“I’m not your fiancé,” Geo said softly and with great reluctance.  
Although clearly annoyed with the direction things had gone, he acted completely unruffled by the aggressive chastising my mother was dishing out.
“I’m to be married?  That’s presumptuous,” I snapped, ignoring the verbal onslaught being dished out at Geo.  
“She can’t marry him,” Geo said, regardless of Sybil’s tongue lashing.  “I love her.  She’s mine.”
“The hell she is,” Sybil practically roared. “You’ll stop this nonsense at once.”
I was aware the practice of arranged marriages had returned to society but, since my grandparents promised never to put me in such a position, I wasn’t prepared to be a victim of said practice.
“I was hoping to introduce you and let you get to know your intended and decide to wed him on your own,” Sybil said. She waved her hand as if dismissing the matter. “It doesn’t matter now.” Clapping her hands loudly she called out, “Archibald!” The well-groomed man who served the tea reappeared almost immediately. “Fetch Luthias and Abigail please,” she added with polite warmth.
“Yes, majesty,” he said with a smile and a bow.  
He managed to catch a quick glimpse of me before he scurried out the door.
Sybil stood and took a moment to stretch her back before ordering Geo to get out of her sight and for me to follow her.
I asked several times what would happen to Geo, but was met with silence as I dutifully followed her down a long, expansive hallway to her living quarters. 
“This is your room,” she said after abruptly stopping in front of a large, oak door.  “I hope you like it.”
“Thank you,” I said, a little uneasily.
I peeked over my mother’s shoulder as she pushed the door open. The room’s decor was sleek and simple, yet lovely. The quality of the materials the furniture and window treatments were made of, as well as the workmanship, was outstanding. Once again, I questioned where my mother acquired the ability to possess such wealth.
“Do you like it?” she asked.
“I’m trying to wrap my mind around the idea of windows in an underground world,” I said.
“We try to keep things as close to the way they are above ground as we can,” she explained.
“Where does the sunlight come from?” I asked as I walked to the window and peered through the glass pane.  “It looks real.”
“It is. We’ve secured technology to funnel it down to provide light without the harmful radiation and rays,” she said, softly, as she seated herself on a sleek settee and patted the cushion next to her.  “Come... sit here.”
I hesitated briefly before doing her bidding.  
As I seated myself next to my long-lost mother, my heart skipped a beat. The energy projecting from her was profoundly intense. I longed for the warm, soothing embrace I remembered so well. Who was this woman and what had she done with my mother?
I remembered my grandmother’s words, ‘Your mother was no longer herself.  We felt it best to leave things as they were.’
“What happened to you?” I asked as I inched away just a bit.
“Didn’t Geo give you my note?” she asked with surprise.
“I saw you die,” I continued.
“Yes, that,” mother said with a sigh.
“Why are you here and why do you … feel like... I don’t know,” I said with frustration.
“All in good time, my sweet daughter,” she said as she patted me on the knee.
The power that surged into my knee from her hand was like a jolt of lightning. I leapt up in surprise.
“I think now,” I demanded.
I stood a fair distance from her as we locked eyes, each assessing the other.
“You’ve grown into a fine young woman with a strong will,” she said.  “I like that.”
“What are you?” I demanded.
“I’m your mother,” she replied.
“Tell me or I’ll leave,” I insisted.
“Where will you go?” she asked with mild amusement.
“Home,” I said.
“So far on your own?” she asked, still amused.
“It isn’t so far... a few days maybe,” I replied with annoyance.
“Try a few weeks,” she said firmly. “Geo is not your average man. He has strength and power that allows him to move at an unbelievable speed with incredible endurance.  He carried you over a distance that would have taken you days to walk in a matter of hours.”
“Geo and I were on the road a few days, not hours,” I said with a conviction that I suddenly didn’t feel.
There was a nagging inside me that wondered if she was right and I was wrong, but, how could that be?  Geo and I stopped to sleep only a few times before I woke in his home.  Was he also altered?  If so, that might explain the irresistible draw I had to him and why I behaved in such a surprisingly wanton manner.  Could that be it, or was I simply grabbing for excuses to justify my behavior.
I regretted my actions. If only I could turn back time. I wanted to erase everything that happened since meeting Geo.  I started for the door.  Once I was back home I’d forget about all of this and life would be normal again.  People would be normal again. This place may be far lovelier than anything I experienced in my desolate home above ground, but it was filled with unfamiliar and frightening energy... and people.
“I want to go home,” I said, firmly.
“Give this place a few days and then see how you feel.  Get to know us …  who we are and what we are about. Then decide,” she said, patiently.
“Is everyone here like you and Geo?” I asked, hesitantly.
“Geo and I are not alike,” she said, “but if you mean are we all different than those above ground, the answer is yes.  We aren’t only different. We’re better.”
“Geo isn’t like you?” I asked.
She nodded.
“What are you and what is Geo?” I continued.
“Geo was severely wounded in a battle above ground by Bartholomew’s troops. When we found him, he was on death’s door,” she began.
“He told me,” I interrupted with impatience.
“Yes, I suppose he would,” she said with a warm smile.  “Did he tell you that in order to save his life we needed to infuse him with a solution that altered his DNA?  It turned him into the best he can be.  He is stronger, faster, and his senses are far more acute.”
“Is he human?” I asked hesitantly.
“Absolutely,” she replied with humor.
“Not that I’m going to do it, but what about this... person... you decided to marry me off to?  Is he human?” I asked, hesitantly.
“No,” she said in a flat, matter-of-fact way.
“Oh,” I said with surprise. We sat in silence for a brief moment before I continued.  “Are you?” 
“Not so much,” she said, honestly.
“What does that mean?” I continued.
“Sit back down,” she demanded, gently, while patting the cushion beside her, “and I’ll tell you all you want to know.”
 















 

CHAPTER SIX


After waiting patiently for me to seat myself next to her and then waiting a bit longer for me to get comfortable within her energy field, she told me how she and a few others were discovered by a small troop of mutant-vampires alongside those massacred that fateful night ten years ago.  No one could understand why she still breathed. For most of the people they found it was too late. The few who were holding on to life by a thin thread would die soon. After a brief debate on what to do, the leader of the troop decided to welcome them into their world.  They gave her and the other few still alive their venom.
My gasp didn’t go unnoticed when I heard the words mutant and vampire. Nor did the shift in my seating. Her hand shot out to catch my forearm in a vice grip, preventing me from following my instinct to run as far away, as fast as I could.
“You need not fear me, child,” she assured me. “I don’t drink the blood or eat the flesh of humans. Remember, I’m not pure vampire. I’m mutant, but I’ve conquered the desire for human flesh. If I eat meat, brains are my chosen delicacy. As for blood... I never developed a taste for it and since I’m mutant I don’t require it for survival.  I’ll partake in some on occasion, but it’s rare.”
“Whose brains do you eat and whose blood do you rarely drink?” I asked  with trepidation.
“I’ve created a serum that makes it so I don’t need to drink blood or eat flesh for survival,” she replied.
“But...” I sighed, “I don’t understand.”
“Let me explain it to you as clearly as I can,” she said with boldness.  “When the war broke out and the bomb was released, it wasn’t only humans and animals who were affected. All living creatures were in some way touched by the radiation. For centuries vampires and zombies exist in folklore. These tales come from a spark of truth.  They really exist, but not quite in the dramatic way the stories portray. Remember, folklore is the storyteller seeking ways to entertain an audience.   
“A true vampire survives mainly on blood.  Even so, they’re able to eat the food of humans if they so choose.  Most drink only what they need, but rarely enough to kill the donor. It’s unfortunate that, as with humans, there is cruelty and evilness amongst vampires. Some drink from humans just because they can or because they’re addicted to it. Human blood has addictive properties that very few vampires have the where-with-all to resist. The human body also possesses frailties the animal kingdom doesn’t. Because of this, it’s easy to mistakenly take more blood than the human can tolerate losing. The human dies as a result.  These cruel vampires know the risks of drinking from humans, yet they do it anyway. It’s a shame.”
“You use the word human as if it’s an abstract from your reality,” I mused.
“In many ways it is,” she replied.
“What about mutants?” I asked. “You said you’re a mutant-vampire.  Does that mean you’re also a flesh-eating mutant or that you are a mutated vampire?”
I knew very little about vampires. In fact, I hadn’t even realized they were anything more than a fairy tale until Sybil said otherwise. Sadly, I was all too familiar with what a human mutant was and what it was capable of doing. Our society was at war with them long before I was born.  Although I didn’t want to hear she was either type of monster, I prayed her response would be that she was a mutated vampire and not a flesh-eating mutant who was also a blood sucking vampire.
My prayers were not answered.
The creature occupying the body of my long-lost mother told me, in no uncertain terms, that she was a human mutant that was turned vampire.  My heart sank while I listened to her explain how she could live on either human flesh or human blood if she so chose. I barely heard her as she went on to explain how she’d used her knowledge in biology and botany to create a serum that allows her to eat normally and refrain from flesh and blood. In my mind it didn’t matter what she ate. I was raised to hate and fear mutants and she was a mutant. I found that concept far more repulsive than her being a vampire. The concept of vampires was still abstract to me.  They were still character’s in folklore. Often, they were portrayed in a way I thought sexy and romantic.  Mutants were very real and there was absolutely nothing sexy or romantic about them. 
She proceeded to explain how many vampires were left vulnerable to the attack of mutants after being weakened by radiation.  They were either bitten by mutants in battle or made the mistake of drinking their blood. The mutant’s humanity and intelligence ratio was diminished, leaving only their animal nature for survival. Because vampires have a different makeup than humans, they didn’t lose all of their faculties, but they were altered by the mutant’s craving for flesh.   
Many mutant-vampires longed to be free from the mutant curse so, when Sybil utilized her knowledge and skills to create a serum to hold the mutant traits at bay, they eagerly supported her.  Her skills, compassion, and nurturing for their affliction -along with her hatred for Bartholomew and leadership skills- soon brought her to the forefront of her society.  In a very short period of time they looked upon her as their leader. Since vampires live extremely long lives, many still supported the feudal system and eagerly placed her in the category of the hierarchy. Hence, she was nick-named ‘Majesty’. 
My stress level peaked when I asked if there were any normal humans other than myself within the community and was told no. Sybil informed me that, with the exception of Geo -who was altered beyond what was considered normal, but still very much a human-, all of the other occupants were either vampire or mutant-vampire. Her pride when she assured me that no human mutants were allowed within miles of her kingdom was radiantly clear.
I looked at the creature before me with new eyes.  I was so taken by the fact that my mother stood before me when I first set eyes on her that many of the little signs of how she’d changed went unnoticed until that point. Of course, the intense energy radiating from her body was the first give away that something was amiss. Then there was the fact that her normally green eyes now contained flecks of red and brown with a dark black ring around the iris.  How could I miss that from the onset?
Her skin was powdery white, but, if she hadn’t told me about her new state of being, I would have guessed it was because she lived below ground.  I thought about Geo’s skin and realized his was pale as well.  Was that because of his altered condition?  How human was he?  Had I slept with a monster? Worse yet, fallen for one? Even though we’d newly met, there was something between Geo and me that surpassed physical attraction.  It was like we’d been waiting for each other all our lives.  He felt it and so did I.
My mind whirled.
Before I had the chance to ask any more questions, we were interrupted by a knock on the door.
Sybil was clearly unhappy with the conversation that took place between herself and a very attractive young woman. I could only make out a few whispered words, but it was enough to alert me to the fact that the building would soon be filled with unexpected vampire guests. To add to this, these were pure vampires who considered mutant-vampires an abomination.  They were coming for some kind of meeting for which I couldn’t hear well enough to grasp, but understood the mutant-vampires were offering something to help form an alliance with the vampires against Bartholomew.  The vampires were arriving a week earlier than expected and the preparations still weren’t completed.
I suddenly remembered the story of “The Wizard of Oz”.  It was one of my favorites. My mother read it to me regularly and, when I was old enough to read it on my own, I did so over and over again. I loved the way Dorothy was able to click her heels and return to the safety of her home. How I longed to be Dorothy just then.
To my surprise and dismay, not only was I ordered to remain in my room, but the door was locked to make sure I did. I was furious as I paced the thick, room size Persian carpet while my mind worked overtime trying to figure out what to do.  I was being held prisoner by a very dangerous creature occupying my mother’s body.
I was so engrossed in my musings I missed the door slowly opening and Geo slipping quietly in. His hand flew over my mouth to stifle the scream I involuntarily emitted when he touched my shoulder.
“No one can know I’m here,” he whispered as he pulled me close enough for my back to rest against his chest.  “Please be quiet.”
His lips caressed my flesh and his clove scented breath tickled as he spoke softly into my ear. I reached up and placed the palm of my hand on his cheek, wanting to compare the feel of his flesh to that of Sybil’s.  His was much smoother, but still a little cool to the touch. Was that because of the serum in his body or the fact that the temperature in Sybil’s subterranean kingdom barely reached sixty degrees?
He gently pulled his hand from my mouth and turned me slowly to face him. Before I could speak his lips consumed mine in a deep passionate kiss. My head spun and all thoughts of vampires and mutants fled as I reveled in the sensational delight of his embrace.
“I can’t get enough of you,” he whispered when we finally separated.  “I’ll think of some way out of this.  Just give me a little time.”
His kiss unlocked the lust within me. I was consumed with wanton desire for this man. As I pulled at his clothing I heard a low, sultry moan come from somewhere deep in his throat before his lips found mine once more.  
I could hear fabric tearing as I impatiently pulled at his shirt.  If he noticed, he made no move to stop me. Instead, he worked in a manner that was defter and less destructive than mine to relieve me of my own clothing.  
The air felt cool and heavy as he swept me into his strong arms and carried my naked body to the bed.  Even in my passionate fervor, I couldn’t help marvel over the strength he displayed as his extended arms slowly lowered my body onto the bed with smooth and gentle ease.
It wasn’t only my body seeking the blissful release his love making provided, it was my mind as well.  I needed to be free from the torment of where I was and what was happening; if only for a short while.

****

We lay naked and spent when a loud gasp echoed through the room. Unlike his devil-may-care attitude displayed in his own home, Geo leapt from the bed and grabbed his clothing in an attempt to cover his nakedness as best he could.
“Julia warned me you were heading this way,” Sybil roared before looking directly at me. “How many times has he bedded you?”   
Her eyes were almost black with rage. If I thought it was because she was worried about protecting me and what little virtue I had left, I would have felt better. Unfortunately, something deep within me told me her rage was over the fact that I’d be considered sullied and unsuitable for whatever monster she had in mind for a son-in-law in the underground hell hole she ran.
“Answer me!” she bellowed.
“I... I don’t know,” I stammered, while pulling the tee shirt Geo tossed to me over my head. “A few times, I guess.”
“Enough times to impregnate you, I’m sure,” she growled. Turning her fury toward Geo she continued, “You’re not to come near her again. Is that understood? If I discover you’ve come within twenty feet of her from this point on, I’ll have your head.” Her chest heaved as she said the words, “Don’t cross me on this Geo. You’re special to me, but not that special!”
“I love her,” Geo boldly insisted.
“You can’t,” Sybil replied.
“I love him!” I shouted, defiantly.
“You don’t know the meaning of love.  Other than your grandfather, you’ve only been exposed to him,” she insisted as she glowered at Geo.
“Don’t tell me what I know and don’t know,” I said, angrily.  “Haven’t you ever heard of love at first sight?”  I could see her react to my words and I knew the reason why so I continued, “Of course you have. It’s what happened between you and father, isn’t it mother?”   
I could see her flinching. I’d used as much sarcasm as I could muster when I said the word mother. Was that the reason she flinched, or was it because she knew I was right? 
She drew a deep breath and shook her head slowly, “It doesn’t matter, my child. You’ve been promised to a very important leader in hopes of bridging the gap between us and forming an alliance against Bartholomew. Geo knows this. It’s why he fetched you here. I’m the queen of this empire.  That makes you its princess.  It’s your duty to do what’s needed to keep your people safe.”
“My people?” I said incredulously. “These are not my people.  Shit!  They aren’t even people!”
“That’s enough,” Sybil barked before turning back to Geo.  “Leave now and don’t let me lay eyes on you until dinner.”
For a moment, I thought Geo was going to defy her, but it was for the briefest of moments.  With his eyes to the ground, he left the room without looking back.  The man I thought to be my hero was no hero at all. I was devastated.
“Try not to be too hard on him,” Sybil said with more warmth that I expected. “He had no choice than to obey me.”
“So, it seems,” I said with a snarl.
“As do you,” she continued.
With the loud clapping of her hands, Sybil summoned two very burly characters into the room.
“Take her to the infirmary and have her cleaned out and returned to a virgin state,” she ordered. 
“What?” I screeched.
She looked at me long and hard before turning on her heels and walking to the door.
“I expect her to be back to normal by morning,” she shouted over her shoulder before closing the door behind her.
Her two goons wasted no time. Each took an elbow and literally lifted me off the floor while scurrying out of the room. I did my best to get one of them to tell me what my mother meant by cleaning me out and returning me to a state of virginity, but was met with silence. Surely these two men weren’t going to bathe me. I was so traumatized by the mere thought that I couldn’t even venture further into the concept of how they might accomplish giving me back my virginity.
The infirmary was located at the far side of the building on the basement level.  My head whirled as I tried to focus on the many rooms we passed with lighting speed. I was only able to register a brief bit of it into my muddled brain before we reached our destination.
An older, thin man in a white coat and equally white hair scowled as we burst into the oversized room containing several gurneys and medical equipment. Two females, also in white coats, scurried behind him as if to make ready for our arrival.
“Put her there,” he said as he pointed to what looked like an operating table on the far side of the room. 
Panic consumed me as my captors plopped my body onto the table with such force my teeth threatened to embed into my brain. I heard a soft snap in the back of my neck.  Although I knew it was from the jolt, had I not known better, I would have thought I was stabbed with a knife. I struggled against their grip while trying to ease the pain traveling down my spine. They shoved me on my back and strapped my arms to my side.  It was only when they were positioning my legs in the stirrups that I realized I hadn’t finished putting on the rest of my clothing. Those goons dragged me through the length of the building wearing only a tee shirt and leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination.  Now I was both terrified and mortified.
I watched as the doctor approached the table with what looked like a long wand with some type of laser at the end of it. He ordered my captors to leave the room. They were quickly replaced by the two nurses who’d been waiting in the background. A cold orange-red solution was sprayed all over my lower torso. It burned like iodine on an open wound.  I cried out in protest, but to no avail.
My body arched in shock when the doctor pried my legs wide apart and inserted that wand contraption deep into my womb.  Heat and a buzzing sensation flooded my insides as he went deeper than I imagined possible. He removed the wand and inserted a hose a few inches inside me before I felt the steady flow of the liquid it dispersed. So, this was what Sybil meant by cleaning me up.  If Geo had left his seed, surely this barbaric wand procedure forced it free and the liquid would flush it out.  I felt the sadness of loss for the unborn babe I didn’t even know if I conceived as the fluid continued to enter and leave me with unmitigated consistency.  
Just when I thought I could stand no more, it stopped.
I breathed a sigh of relief, but my reprieve was a brief one as the hose was replaced by equipment I heard him say would put my virginity back intact.  I felt a searing burn inside me that caused me to pierce the air with agonizing screams.
“Keep her quiet,” my punisher demanded.
A cloth containing chloroform was immediately placed over my mouth and nose.  I held my breath as long as I could while tossing my head left and right in an attempt to shake off the hand that clamped the cloth so firmly against my pursed lips.  Eventually I had no choice but to breathe.  
Then it was dark. 
 

CHAPTER SEVEN


I struggled to focus on my surroundings as the world came back into view. I was still in the infirmary, but I was no longer strapped onto the operating table. Instead, I was resting comfortably on a narrow cot. My tee shirt was replaced by a long white nightgown constructed of a light flannel and lace.  I craned my head toward the sound of feet shuffling behind me.  One of the nurses came into my line of vision and stopped to inspect me. Compared to the treatment I had from the doctor, her ministrations were gentle.  Never-the-less I found them invasive.
“There, princess,” she said as she pulled my gown down over my legs and the sheet up over my torso. “You are good as new again. Our princess is fit for a prince.” With a giggle over the humor I didn’t understand, she ordered the two goons who dragged me from there to return me to my room.
My body was still tender from the horrific ordeal I just experienced, so I didn’t argue when they positioned themselves on either side of me, placed a hand under each of my armpits and lifted me off my feet to transport me back to my room in the same swift manner they’d brought me. Maybe it was because I didn’t fight them or perhaps it was because they felt sorry for me after all I’d suffered through, but they were surprisingly gentle with their transport.
Julia was waiting in my room when we arrived. I wanted to slap the smirk off her face as she watched my escorts settle me onto the enormous bed in the center of the room. My hand caressed the mattress as I remembered the lovemaking between Geo and me just hours earlier.
“So, is our little princess all put back together again?” she sneered as the men were leaving the room.
“Good as new,” one said as he closed the door behind him. 
An awkward silence permeated the room. I could feel her eyes on me, but I refused to acknowledge her presence.  I had no idea why she didn’t like me, but it was clear she didn’t.
 “Why do you keep rubbing the bed?” she asked with disdain.
“I’m remembering Geo in bed with me,” I said in a tone that matched her own.
“That’s all he’ll be to you from now on... a memory,” she said. “He should have never been anything else. He overstepped his position big time with you.”
“What position is that?” I asked.
“He didn’t tell you?” she smirked.
“Maybe you should tell me,” I replied.
“He’s general in her majesty’s army,” she said with pride.  “We’ve fought side by side since he came here two years ago.”
“You’re a soldier?” I gasped.
“What’s wrong with that?” she asked, defensively.
“I thought only men fought,” I replied.
“That’s dumb,” she said. 
“I wasn’t thinking, I guess,” I said sheepishly.  “I know women fight.  I don’t know why I said that.”
Her “humph” echoed through the room as she headed for the door.
“Get some rest princess. Your future hubby will be summoning you tomorrow,” she said bluntly.  “You stay with your kind and leave mine alone.”
“Geo is my kind,” I grumbled. “You’re just jealous because he wants me and not you.”
“Geo is far from your kind. Besides, I wasn’t speaking about species, I was speaking about rank,” she said as she closed the door behind her.
I listened to the key turn in the lock and sighed.  I was filled with mixed emotions.  In many ways, I regretted ever meeting Geo and allowing him to talk me into coming with him. Yet, I couldn’t regret falling in love with him.  I didn’t care what Sybil said about not being exposed to men. I knew myself and I knew how I felt.  This wasn’t a crush or puppy love for a man who took my virginity. There was a connection between Geo and me that went deep.  
I was mildly bothered by Julia’s statement that Geo fetched me for the arranged marriage.  Then I dug into the recesses of my mind and remembered him adamantly affirming he never expected to love me.  He was a soldier doing his job.  I had to accept that and not hold it against him.
Since I was considered royalty, her comment made it clear that I was expected to marry royalty. I could barely wrap my brain around the idea of being with any man other than Geo.  It made my body shudder and my head hurt.
I decided to take a nap and allow myself more time to recover from the horrific treatment I’d received. I may have been healing quickly on a physical level, but my emotional pain would take some time.  I’d worry about who I was expected to marry later.
I closed my eyes and allowed myself to revel in the memories of Geo’s touch.  It wasn’t long before I fell into a deep, blissful sleep.



****



Disappointment filled me when Julia’s shaking of my shoulders made me realize that my being wrapped in Geo’s strong arms was only a dream.  I sat up and rubbed my eyes.  The drapes were pulled partially shut, but I could still see the darkness outside. I marveled over how they managed to mimic an environment that so closely resembled the surface.  They even had a day and a night.  I wanted to peek out to see if there were stars and a moon, but surely that was asking for too much.
“Time to get up sleepyhead,” Julia said with gusto.  “Your future hubby awaits you in the dining room.”
“How long did I sleep?” I asked, remembering Sybil’s instructions to have me ready for the following day.
“Around the clock,” Julia replied briskly. “The prince grows impatient.”
“Oh,” I groaned and flopped back onto the bed. “Tell him to go away.”
“I can’t do that,” she said. “Unlike Geo, I know my place.”
“Geo,” I gasped.  “What happened to him?”
“Happened?” she asked.
“Sybil was so angry,” I continued.
“She sure was,” Julia chuckled.
“What did she do to him?” I persisted.
“Nothing,” Julia said with a shrug, “which is surprising.  He has had some kind of odd standing with her ever since she saved his life. No one understands it. He’s one lucky superhuman.”
“What could have happened if he hadn’t been so lucky?” I asked, although I wasn’t sure I really wanted to know.
“Disobeying her Majesty can be lethal,” Julia explained.  “A large portion of our populous has been alive since the dark ages. Many still hold onto their way of life.  Fortunately, Majesty manages to keep them under control. She ordered your little tryst kept secret on the threat of a beheading.  That’ll make anyone not want to gossip.”
“Beheading?” I gasped.
“It’s one of the only things that can kill us,” she explained. “That and ripping our hearts from our chest.”
“Like in the books,” I mused.
“No stake through the heart though,” she added.  “that’s a myth.”
“As is surviving solely on blood,” I said.
“Oh definitely.  Vampires are really not much different than humans when it comes to food for our bodies,” she volunteered.  “Humans eat meat, don’t they?”
“Mutants eat flesh, not vampires,” I said with disgust.
“So, you’re an expert now?” she said with sarcastic surprise.
“I’m pretty schooled on mutants,” I said, defensively.
“Clearly,” she grumbled as she walked to the closet, pulled out a long, satin gown, and hung it on the outside of the closet door. “Put this on and do something with your hair.  We’re late.  I’ll be back in fifteen minutes.”
Before I could say another word, she informed me my private bath was fully stocked with toiletries and makeup and that I was to use them. With that, she was gone.
I stared at the gown. Its rich red coloring was accented with thin threads of gold. I could only imagine how this enhanced its simplistic design when walking.
Swinging my legs over the edge of the bed, I slid to the floor. My toes sank into the plush rug that covered the majority of the smooth slate flooring. It hugged my feet in the most welcoming manner. This was in such stark comparison to the rough, hand woven jute carpets that covered our equally rough wooden floors back home. I wondered what it would have been like to have grown up in an environment such as this.  It saddened me to think of the comforts my grandparents were missing in their golden years. It sickened me to think their own daughter possessed the ability to provide those comforts, yet did nothing.
I made my way into the bathroom and gasped with awe.  It was fit for a princess. Not only was it as large as my entire bedroom back home, but it was furnished with the most elegant fixtures. The deep red porcelain tub was recessed into the floor and large enough for three people of my size. Its polished brass faucet with attached sprayer reflected the light in soft, soothing tones. The vanity consisted of an oversized sink with a smaller one next to it.  They were also made of rich red porcelain with polished brass fixtures. The floor was made of white marble with thin threads of red running through it, as was the top of the vanity. The base of the vanity, as well as the walls of the room, were covered with a glimmering white enamel material. I’d admired rooms such as this on the internet. 
I longed to fill the tub with a nice hot bubble bath like I’d shared with Geo, but remembered I had a mere fifteen minutes to prepare for the meeting of this mystery creature Sybil promised me in marriage to. I didn’t know why she expected me to behave like some dutiful princess doing the right thing for my people. I had no loyalty to them, or her. 
I sat down on the red commode and closed my eyes in anticipation of the pain that would accompany my going pee after the surgery I’d had.  To my surprise, with the exception of a tender abdomen and mild soreness in my private area, I felt completely normal. I was even free of blood! I heaved a sigh of relief. It was bad enough being presented to my intended under these circumstances without having to endure the pain and bleeding that generally accompanied the recovery process of such a surgery.
More than once I overheard my grandparent’s conference calls to their friends and cohorts about the popularity of arranged marriages returning. The general consensus was that it was easier to maintain control over the rebuilding of the masses in the direction the New World Order wanted it to go if the genetics were handpicked by those who knew best.  In most cases, this was the parents. Since licensing to marry required the final evaluation of the pairing by a committee assigned by the New World Order, there were times when the match was rejected. In these cases, a more suitable solution was strongly suggested by the committee; for which they would maintain contact with the families chosen until the marriage took place. On the extremely rare occasions when the families refused to cooperate and follow through with the committee’s choice of mates for their son or daughter, the son or daughter would mysteriously meet with some type of tragedy.  This was yet another reason my grandparent’s strove to stay out of Bartholomew’s radar.
I inspected the contents of the large mirrored cabinet recessed in the wall over the vanity. I pulled out a hair brush, toothbrush, and toothpaste. I was attacking the film in my mouth when Sybil burst into the room.
“You’re still not dressed?” she barked with authority.  “Prince Vogel has been waiting for hours already.”
“Why haven’t you provided for my grandparents?” I asked, bitterly, as I spit toothpaste into the sink. “If you’ve been watching me all these years like you say you have, then surely you’ve been aware of the hardships we’ve endured while you’ve been living like this.”
She heaved an impatient sigh.
“They refused to take anything from me other than the equipment to keep them in touch with the rest of the world,” she replied.
“The internet?” I asked.
“As well as the computers and other gadgets your grandfather enjoys tinkering with. He was slightly more receptive to the new me than your grandmother was,” she explained.  “I wanted to provide so much more. It shamed me to think of my daughter... a princess of a realm of riches... living in abject poverty and wearing rags.”
“I had everything I needed,” I said, defensively. “Just not at this level of quality.”
“Yes, yes,” she said while waving her hand in dismissal, “Your grandparents did a fine job of providing for you, as I knew they would. Now, get moving before the prince changes his mind and war breaks out.”
“War?” I gasped.
“Yes, war,” she replied. “I’ve agreed to the marriage between you and Prince Vogel to create an alliance between vampire kingdoms in the event of a war from occurring that could potentially destroy all I’ve worked so hard to create.”
“I thought it was to create a united army against Bartholomew,” I said.
“That too,” she said, impatiently, “but more than that, he can’t very well try to annihilate us if he’s married to their princess, now can he?”
“I’m just a pawn in your chess game,” I said.
“You play a very important role in saving not only our people, but our way of life,” she pointed out.
“You worry about losing all your lush comforts,” I hissed.
“Of course, I worry. I don’t want to see my people... your people... lose not only their comforts, but their homes and lifestyle. Even more so, their lives,” she hissed back. “War can do that.”
“They’re not my people,” I said. “They’re mutants.  Mutated-vampires if you prefer.  Mutants of any kind deserve to die.”
The unexpected slap she delivered sent my head reeling. The sting it left behind was overshadowed by the acute ringing in my ear.  I covered my cheek with the palm of my hand while involuntary tears trickled down my face. 
“You know nothing about what they deserve,” Sybil said with forced civility.  “Now get dressed.  I’ll send Julia back to retrieve you in ten minutes.” As she made her way out of the room she stopped in the doorway.  Keeping her back to me she bellowed over her shoulder, “Ten minutes.  Do you hear me?”
“Yes,” I practically whimpered as I worked my jaw to evaluate its condition.
“You’d better or that slap will seem like a tickle,” she roared.
The silence that followed her visit seemed louder than her roars as I stood looking at myself in the mirror.  Sometime between leaving my home and that very moment the innocence and joy my eyes always displayed was replaced by a dull sadness. Was this to be my fate? Would my eyes never project the joy of life again? I may have been raised in a struggling environment, but I was raised with love and taught to value and enjoy each moment of life. Sybil was raised by the same people. Had she lost all they’d taught her?  She still valued life, but it was the life of others and not mine.
The gown I was to wear was so elegant it deserved an elegant hairstyle to complete the look, but, even if I was adept at creating such a style, there was no time.  I pulled the brush through my almost waist long hair, doing my best to remove the tangles that took hold as a result of negligence. I never wore makeup, but since it was laid out so neatly on a gold trimmed mirrored tray at the far side of the vanity, I moved toward it and selected the basics. After filling the large basin with warm water, I quickly washed my face and then my essential body parts. 
A wave of sadness swept through me when I picked up a container of cream for my face and recognized it as the same formula my grandmother made. Shaking it off as best I could, I applied the cream to my face, shoulders, arms, and hands before reaching for the cosmetics I selected.  I had no idea how to apply them, but I also knew I was expected to use them. Since I wasn’t eager for another powerful slap across my tender face or worse, I was extremely considerate of the time. My hands shook as I lightly applied foundation and blush. It felt foreign and thick. Shuddering, I picked up an eye liner pencil and mascara. I did my best to fashion eyes like the ones I saw on models in advertisements. Pleased with my accomplishments, I decided not to push my luck and forgo the eye shadow.
Julia returned in time to help me zip my dress up the back. It shouldn’t have surprised me when I remarked that it fit as if it was made just for me she giggled and said it was.
At Julia’s insistence, I allowed her to quickly trim the split ends of my loose hanging hair. My fears of the damage my apparent nemesis where Geo was concerned might do to my thick locks were quickly squelched when I watched her adept hands maneuver the sharp scissors with competency and accuracy.  Although she took a minimal amount off its length, I had to admit my hair hung in a far more appealing manner when the task was completed.
I took one last look at my reflection in the mirror before following her out of the room.  I was beautiful. For the first time since I’d arrived, I actually felt like a princess. 
If only Geo was there to see me...
 
 

CHAPTER EIGHT


The luscious feel of satin against my skin made up for the clumsiness of the heels I was forced to wear as I did my best to follow Julia to our destination. At one point, I thought I was at risk of turning an ankle, but, after stopping and adjusting my stance, I eventually got the hang of walking in such foreign footwear.  We were about half way there when I had finally managed to manipulate my strides in a manner that allowed me to keep up with my rough and tough escort. 
Julia got me as far as the anteroom to the great room I had tea in when I first arrived before backing away.  She explained that the room was for the elite only.  Being a mere soldier, she wasn’t allowed past the anteroom.  Once again, I was made curious of Geo’s position within Sybil’s kingdom. Were generals considered elite? 
A woman I could only describe as stunning approached me. Her long gown glistened beneath the soft lighting of the elaborate crystal chandelier that hung low from the center of the high ceiling.
“Good evening, princess. You look lovely,” she said in a low, sultry voice that reminded me of Geo’s. “My name is Abigail. I trust you found everything to your liking?” As if struck dumb by her beauty, I could only nod. “Good,” she said with a broad smile that bordered on proud.
There was something vaguely different about the energy she emitted.  It felt lighter than what the others I’d met projected.  It was also quite alluring.  Once again, I was reminded of Geo. 
“Are you human?” I asked timidly.
“Hardly,” she said with a twinkling laugh.
“An altered human, perhaps?” I continued.
“Keep guessing, princess,” she replied with obvious amusement.  “Oh good, Luthias is here.” 
I followed her eyes to the opposite side of the anteroom where a tall, slender, but clearly well built, incredibly handsome blonde man was walking toward us with the regal manner of a king. The rich fabric and elegant cut of his designer suit served to enhance his lean, athletic body and good looks to the point it took my breath away. His sexy blue eyes sparkled with amusement when my knees buckled as I did my best to stand firm and receive the kiss he planted on the back of my hand with his perfectly formed mouth. There was no denying his looks could rival Geo’s; as could his effect on me.  
“Good evening, princess. You do us proud with your beauty,” Luthias said with a sultry tone similar to that of Abigail and Geo as he offered me his elbow. “Prince Vogel is most eager to lay eyes on you. It’s marvelous to see he won’t be disappointed.  Please allow me to escort you to him.”
I clumsily placed my hand in the crook of his arm.  His body felt cool, yet still warmer and suppler than the bodies of Sybil’s kingdom and he emanated the same gentle, seductive energy, as Abigail and Geo. Yet, Abigail said she was not human in any way.
As we made our way steadily through the crowded great room I couldn’t resist asking, “What are you?”
“I’m someone who is completely taken by your beauty and grace, princess,” he replied with a gallant smile that displayed perfectly proportioned, brilliant white teeth.
“No,” I snapped impatiently as I noticed we were nearing the platform where Sybil and a small party awaited us, “What are you?  Are you a human or a mutant?  You feel like Geo.”
“Oh yes, Geo.  Her Majesty relies heavily on him.  He has the reputation of a fine general. I’m honored to have such a comparison,” he said coyly as he guided me up the steps leading to the platform of fate. 
“Ah, here is my beautiful daughter,” Sybil said with sickening sweetness. 
The others in the party may not have noticed, but it was clear to me that the beast occupying my mother’s body still hadn’t gotten over my offensive remark. Considering the fact that she was at the root of the torture I endured since my arrival, I was far from caring.  Even so, I was cautious not to arouse her anger again. The slap I experienced was a clear indication of the violence and strength that existed below the surface of her calm demeanor. It was enough of a sample of what could come forth to subdue me.  
Her grip on my elbow was cold and hard as she steered me in front of an elaborately dressed man seated in an equally elaborate chair. Although we were already on a platform within the room, the chair was placed on yet another small platform to indicate it was reserved for someone with the highest of status. There were two empty chairs to his left.  They were reserved for Sybil and me.
“Prince Vogel, please allow me to introduce my daughter, Princess Casey,” Sybil said with syrupy sweetness.
The prince rose to his feet upon the introduction and bowed low. My body jolted so vehemently at the onslaught of powerful energy he emitted I couldn’t adequately appreciate his remarkable good looks. He was the epitome of handsome with his strong square chin, prominent cheekbones, and dark, deep-set violet eyes that seemed to penetrate the surface of who you were and bore right into the depths of your being. Unfortunately, his good looks were overshadowed by an air of cruelty that surrounded him. I trembled with genuine fear for the first time since my arrival to that nightmarish kingdom. 
“Well, well, princess,” Prince Vogel purred with the same sultry tone I noticed with Abigail, Luthias, and Geo, “It’s indeed a pleasure to finally meet you.  I have been most eager for this moment, I assure you.”
A surge of energy shot through me when he placed his hands on my shoulders. His lips were cold and dry when he pressed them against each of my cheeks.  I had no idea what he was, but I guessed he wasn’t a mutant-vampire. Since Sybil made a point of emphasizing my marriage to him would prevent a war, my guess was reaffirmed.  Could he be part of the New World Order? I’d heard they possessed power beyond description. Pairing up with them would definitely make the vampires think twice before attacking.  That could certainly fit the man before me; providing he was a man.  It was then I remembered Sybil’s whispered conversation about unexpected vampire guests. Was Prince Vogel one of these vampires?  He felt so different from Sybil, Julia, or the goons who’d dragged me to the infirmary.... I just didn’t know.  What did a true vampire feel like?
He took my hand and led me to the seat next to his. 
“Please sit.  We must get acquainted,” he said as he guided me into the chair.
Rather than immediately sit down in his own chair, he returned for my mother and gallantly guided her to the seat on my left. 
There we sat, a powerful prince of whatever he was prince of, a demure and frightened human who was still trying to wrap her mind around the concept of being called princess, and an incredibly powerful and dangerous queen of a mutant-vampire kingdom. 
What joy was mine?
I did my best to politely respond to the prince’s questions as I covertly searched the crowd for Geo. Surly, if he was someone Sybil relied upon so heavily, he would be in attendance. I was just about to give up when I spotted his elegantly coiffed jet-black hair and impeccably dressed physique leaning against the wall at the far recesses of the expansive room. I found the way he could look just as sexy in jeans and a tee shirt as he did in the expensive couture suit amazing. I couldn’t help wondering if he thought the same of me as I meekly smoothed my hair. We expressed our mutual torture through locked eyes. I was so tuned into him that I could actually feel his anguish when the prince caressed my cheek in a manner that reeked of familiarity. I knew little about the evil creature this crowd revered, but I knew I was risking Geo’s well-being by connecting with him in this way in the presence of such a beast. With incredible reluctance, I pulled my attention back to the prince. The circumstance I found myself in felt wildly surreal. I wondered if I might be dreaming and would wake up at any moment. Once again, I remembered Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz.  I clicked my heels together ever so lightly; just in case.
No such luck.
My attention returned to the prince’s words just in time to hear him discussing our wedding plans with Sybil. She was feigning pleasure over his early arrival and suggesting the wedding take place right away. He eagerly agreed.  Whether he was aware of my tryst with Geo or simply eager to have me as his own, I’ll never know.
The rest of the evening was a blur.  I did my best to hide the pain in my heart and hold back the tears as the minutes took me closer to my time of doom and further from the one I loved. 

****

The worried and fitful night I experienced showed the following morning. Abigail clucked and sputtered about my matted hair and the circles under my red rimmed eyes when she came to assist me with my wedding ensemble.  Far more gifted in the ways of fashion and makeup, she was able to turn me from a haggard mess to a thing of beauty in a matter of a few hours.
Her soothing ministrations as she climbed into the oversized tub and leaned me against her perfect body felt slightly erotic and incredibly relaxing. Upon her insistence, I leaned my back against her firm breasts and rested my head against her milky shoulder as she sponged my chest with a sensuality that I doubted even Geo could duplicate.  Little by little I was lost in the sensations as she lightly guided the thick sponge over my flesh. Although I found her touch tantalizing, she never remained in one place long enough to complete the arousal.  It was just enough to get me excited, but not enough to make me beg for more. 
I was briefly startled when she eased me down between her outstretched thighs, leaving only my face above the soothing bubbles. I quickly relaxed as she gently massaged my scalp.  The only thing keeping the moment from being perfect was the fact that it was Abigail and not Geo performing the act. Her pert nipples caressed my face as she leaned forward and massaged the hair of my private area as she had my scalp. Once again, I found the experience gloriously tantalizing. 
I was disappointed when the ritual ended all too soon and Abigail pulled her perfect body from the tub and dried it with a thick, soft bath towel.  I focused on the movement the air from my nose created in the water while I watched her don the clothing she’d removed and put her moist hair into a pony tail. Reaching for a clean bath sheet that was strategically placed on a stool prior to the onset of our bath, she held it out for me to enter.  I reluctantly pulled myself to my feet and stepped out of the tepid water. Her embrace was firm and strong as she wrapped me in the folds of the thick, lush towel.
“You’ll be the envy of all when I’m finished with you, my sweet,” she whispered softly against my ear before planting a soft kiss onto my neck.
I shuddered with delight, finding it fascinating that something as simple as a whisper in the ear and a kiss on the neck could arouse me from someone of the same sex. Perhaps her ministrations in the bath were what led me to the point of reacting to the kiss?  Sadly, I was too inexperienced to know.  Whatever the reason, I could feel tingling in my private area while my abdomen contracted with sheer delight.  It was a sensation I’d only experienced with Geo during love making.  I blushed at the thought.
“Never be embarrassed by what comes naturally,” she cooed softly as she placed her hands over my breasts and squeezed them gently. “If we had more time, I’d take you to places only a woman can take you.  It’s good to experience what comes naturally, my sweet.”
I pulled away and she laughed.
“That’s right. I forgot the sheltered life you’ve led,” she said with obvious amusement. “I understand you received quite the lecture on being promiscuous when you arrived.  Poor princess. No wonder you’re frigid. I have a little secret for you.” She leaned closer and continued in a soft sultry tone, “Sybil lied. No one holds out for ‘the one’ because of diseases or whatever she was barking at you about.  She just wanted to keep you pure for your new hubby. Sex is good.  Everyone does it. Women do it with women, men do it with men, women with men... whatever you prefer.  No one judges except her majesty. Then, she was raised by the same prudes who raised you, correct?” She leaned back and looked casually up at the ceiling.  “What’s that saying?   Oh yes...  the apple does not fall far from the tree.”
“I’m nothing like her,” I sneered.
“Prove it,” she chided.
Once again, I surprised myself with my wanton ways as I turned and placed a kiss upon her lips that rivaled any I’d given Geo.  She responded in turn by yanking the towel she’d just wrapped around me away and tossing it to the floor. Her slender hands roamed my flesh as if to memorize it while her mouth consumed mine with a passion that matched Geo’s before she gently pushed me away.
“There’s no time, my sweet,” she said in a breathy, throaty tone that was a mixture of arousal, reluctance, and amusement. “Perhaps another time.”
Mortification over my actions took over.  I ran from the bathroom as fast as my feet could carry me and flung myself face down onto the bed.  What was wrong with me?
“There’s no time for that either,” she said as she followed me into the room. “Come, we must finish getting you ready. It’s your wedding day, remember?  Your mind should be on the prince’s love making, not mine.”
Her obvious delight in my humiliation floored me. Had I been deceived by her caring ministrations?  Was she just as catty and vicious as Julia?  I began to look at her with new eyes. Unfortunately, this only proved to make me want to wash all over again.  This time, alone.
Taking her unaware, I raced past her and dove into the tub.  I managed to scrub at my flesh enough to satisfy me before I felt her vice grip pull me back out.
“Seriously, princess,” she said with exasperation.
“Stop calling me princess,” I barked.
“As you wish, milady,” she replied.
“Not that either!” I screeched.
She closed her eyes and sighed, “What do you wish to be called then?”
“Casey,” I said with a quivering tone. “My name’s Casey.”
“Then Casey it is,” she said in a soothing tone one might reserve for a small child throwing a tantrum.  “Now, shall we do something with that wet hair of yours?”
I hesitated briefly before nodding. It was clear there was no way out of the situation and I already had a taste of what would happen should I cross Sybil.  Delaying the inevitable would only bring pain and sorrow to my doorstep, which was something I vehemently wanted no more of.  I allowed Abigail to turn me into the beauty she’d promised while I focused on the one good thing that would come out of my marriage to Prince Vogel... I’d be leaving the confines of Sybil’s prison.

****

I could hear the hustle and bustle of the crowd that awaited the blushing bride as we made our way toward what served as a chapel for the elite of the kingdom. With the exception of the fact that it lacked a crucifix and statues of saints, it could have passed for the world famous Sistine chapel with its angel murals painted on the arched ceilings, stained glass windows, and elegantly upholstered pews.
Abigail graciously released me to the ever sexy, ever stylish Luthias; who waited at the door to escort me down the aisle. I blushed, profusely, while he proclaimed my beauty with genuine appreciation. We watched from the doorway as an immaculately groomed usher escorted Abigail to her seat. As if on cue, the organist began playing music that I was completely unfamiliar with, but was, in a very creepy way, fitting for the occasion.
“I believe that’s our cue,” Luthias said with a smile that bordered on forced.  “Shall we?”
I swallowed hard as I looked at the sea of unfamiliar faces awaiting us. Luthias’s reassuring pat on my hand as he tucked it firmly into the crook of his arm gave me the strength to keep walking as we slowly made our way down the aisle. It took a moment for me to find Geo amongst the guests, but I eventually did. His sad eyes mirrored my own emotions as I moved past him with my head held high. I was grateful for the veil hiding my face from the crowd. I doubted I would have been able to disguise the anguish I felt as I moved passed the man I loved toward my fate.
As Luthias deposited me next to the prince, I could feel the energy shift. I cringed as Luthias -whose energy was magnetic and sensually appealingly- presented me to the prince, who felt evil and intimidating. His warm smile as he took my hand buffered it somewhat, but we were through the better part of the ceremony before my body ceased its incessant trembling.
The ceremony completed and I found myself the bride of the commanding prince all too soon. Had circumstances been different, I might have actually been excited about the prospect of being married to such a handsome and eloquent ruler. Unfortunately, when he took me in his arms and gave me my first kiss as his wife, my mind and body couldn’t respond.  I felt like I was cheating on Geo, who I knew was watching.
As he pulled away he whispered, “There is no need to fear me, my pet.  Soon you will be begging for my kisses.”
I did my best not to flinch when he kissed my forehead and turned me toward the audience. With my hand in his, he bowed low, pulling me down with him.  The room filled with applause and shouts of approval as he placed my hand in the crook of his arm and guided me back down the aisle.  As we passed the section where Geo was, I focused on my new husband. I was no longer wearing my veil and couldn’t risk locking eyes with the man who had my heart.
There was something final about the situation.  I knew my life would never be the same. 
CHAPTER NINE


I remember only two things about my wedding reception. One was the fact that my new husband told me his first name was Charles and the other was the tortured look on Geo’s face every time Charles touched or kissed me; which was often. I found the situation so horrifically unbearable that I was actually pleased when Charles told me it was time to consummate the union.  Nothing could be worse that being in the same room with Geo while belonging to another man. 
Or, so I thought.
Charles surprised me by leaving me at the door of my room with Abigail in attendance and continuing on to the suite assigned to him.  I wanted to wipe the knowing smirk off her face as she guided me into my room and closed the door behind us.
“I’ve been assigned to prepare you for the prince,” she said with a smug smile. “Let me help you out of your gown. 
“I can do it myself,” I said as I backed away from her.  “You can leave now.”
“No, I can’t,” she said, firmly.  “My orders were clear and I intend to follow through with them.”
“Don’t touch me,” I said, threateningly.
“You’re in my charge and the bride of my prince,” Abigail said with convincing chagrin. “I mean you no harm. I only wish to serve.”
“You aren’t part of Sybil’s kingdom?” I asked with surprise.
“I’m part of the prince’s kingdom. I arrived early to see to your care and preparation. I’m your lady-in-waiting,” she explained.
I learned about such things during my years of tutelage while in my grandmother’s care, but I couldn’t believe it was still practiced.
“Who are you people?  What kind of a place are you taking me to?” I hissed.
“Has no one told you?” she asked with mock innocence.
I shook my head.
“Honey, we’re pure blooded vampires,” she said with that fake smile I made the mistake of falling prey to earlier on.
“Say what?” I bellowed.  
My theory of a union between the Sybil and Bartholomew was out the door.  Since Bartholomew was responsible for her death it was a stretch to even think it, but the alternative was truly unthinkable.  My ears rang as Abigail spoke what I was thinking.
“You are now married to the ruler of Vampire Land,” she said with an exaggerated sigh. “For some crazy reason, our prince agreed to marry you in order to form an alliance between our kingdom and that of your freak mother.”
“She’s not my mother,” I snapped, grateful for an excuse to release my frustration.
“Truly?” she said. “You could have fooled me. The resemblance is uncanny... and I don’t mean just in looks.”
“My mother died ten years ago,” I continued, ignoring her insinuation.  “That’s a monster in my mother’s body.”
“I see,” Abigail said in a tone that bordered on tender.  After looking at me long and hard she asked. “What’s your age?”
“I’m eighteen,” I said, hesitantly.
“As am I.  Or at least that’s the age I was when I was turned,” she mused. “Now I see why I was chosen to care for you.”
“So, how old are you now?” I quizzed.
“I’m five-hundred and forty,” she replied with a giggle.  
The realization that I’d been married into a vampire kingdom suddenly struck home. I was human. Didn’t vampires survive on human blood?  What plans did the good prince have for his new bride?  Did he plan on keeping me as a food source until I ran dry? I was terrified. The adrenaline coursed through my veins so hard and so fast I couldn’t hear her words over the whirring in my head. I tried to read her lips, but to no avail.  
Then the world went black.
When I awoke my gown was hung neatly on the wardrobe door and I was naked on my bed with Abigail massaging a musky scented ointment all over my body. I lay in silent bliss while I reveled in the sensation until I regained my senses enough to have what was actually happening fully register. I swatted her hand away with such force she gasped in surprise.
“There’s some power in you,” she mused. “That’s unusual for a human.”
“Will I be staying human?” I asked with trepidation.
“For a while, I think,” she replied.
“How long,” I persisted.
“I couldn’t say,” she said. “I imagine it depends upon how well you tolerate coupling with the prince.”
“Tolerate?” I repeated her word cautiously.
“If you don’t die,” she said in an exasperated tone.
“What does he do in bed?” I screeched as I tried to sit up.
She pushed me back down and proceed to complete the task of massaging the ointment in me from head to toe.
“If you’d relax and enjoy the sensation you might just get through it,” she grumbled.  “I had you primed prior to the ceremony. Let me do that again for you. It could save your life.”
“Why don’t I believe you?” I asked.
“I can’t imagine,” she replied. “I have only your interests at heart.”
“You mean your interest,” I said with emphasis.
She released a full bellied laugh.
“You have me there,” she admitted. “If you learn only one thing about the nature of a true vampire, learn this... we are highly sexual.  It matters not to the majority of us if our partner is male or female.   We enjoy it with both.”
“I enjoy it with the male!” I said.
“Hmm,” she mused. “I wouldn’t have guessed that from your display earlier.”
I could feel my cheeks turning scarlet.
“Never mind, my frigid princess,” she said in a comforting tone. “I’m teasing you. Vampires radiate a sexual energy that humans can rarely resist. You never stood a chance with me.”  She pulled me up into a sitting position and lifted one of my abundant breasts.  Her thumb caressed my nipple as she said, thoughtfully, “If you survive the initial coupling you just might enjoy your new hubby.”
“You sound like you know,” I said, surprising myself with a jealous tone in my voice while I removed her hand from my person.
I have no idea why I’d be jealous of this beauty coupling with the evil vampire I’d been forced to marry. After all, I didn’t even know him and, after finding out he was a sadistic vampire ruler, I didn’t want to. Vampire coupling with vampire seemed the right way of things, not vampire with human. Even so, there was something about her persona that irked me. The more I moved past her beauty and fake smile, the less I cared for her. There was a cattiness beneath all that beauty. I thought of Julia. At least she wore her true feelings on her sleeve for all to see.
“It won’t serve you to be jealous, princess,” she said coyly. “The prince has a wandering eye and an insatiable appetite for sex. I think after a week or so you’ll be grateful for it. I guarantee you’ll appreciate the reprieve.”
Our conversation came to a halt when a timid knock on the door caught our attention. Still in control of the situation, Abigail bade the intruder to enter. A slender female entered the room. Her arms were laden with clothing that turned out to be part of my trousseau. They were a gift from Sybil. The young woman made a point of elaborating on how the seamstresses had to scramble to complete it upon the news of the wedding taking place earlier than planned.
I watched in silence while Abigail oh’d and ah’d over the collection created just for me. Even from where I sat, I could tell the fabric and workmanship was the finest available. I had to give Sybil credit. When she wanted to impress, she spared nothing.  Having been neglected by her since her pseudo death, I was certain the one she strove to impress was the prince. 
I watched as the young woman carefully packed my newly acquired belongings into a large trunk I hadn’t noticed before. I assumed it was placed in my room sometime during the ceremony. Her movements were methodical and deliberate. Within minutes she’d completed her task and I was once again alone with Abigail.
“Now, princess, where were we?” she said as she flashed me her most alluring smile. “Oh yes, I was about to prepare your body to receive my prince.”
“I told you to leave me alone and I meant it,” I snapped.
“If you don’t allow me to do this, you’ll regret it,” she said in a low, sultry growl.
“I’m not a lesbian,” I said defensively.
“Nor am I,” she replied.  “I’m a highly sexual vampire doing my master’s bidding.”
“He asked you to prepare me?” I asked, incredulously.
“Of course,” she said. “In fact, he’ll be arriving shortly to watch and then take over.”
“Watch? What are you talking about?” I practically bellowed.  “Did I marry a voyeur?  This just gets creepier and creepier.”
She threw her head back and shook with deep bellied laughter before explaining to me that it was rare to find a male vampire who possessed the faculties of gentle foreplay, no matter how much he might like to believe he did. Male vampires have an abundance of energy that’s difficult to control when aroused.  She made a point of stressing that anyone who encountered a gentle and passionate vampire with the gift of foreplay and restraint should hang onto him for dear life. The prince understood his short comings and, out of consideration for his virgin bride, ordered Abigail to perform the task of foreplay in preparation for his entry. He would arrive in time to complete the task Abigail began and consummate the marriage.
I was certain she was joking and I said so.
She assured me she wasn’t as she disrobed and climbed on the bed beside me.
I was living a nightmare.
“Just relax, my sweet,” she whispered into my ear as she slowly traced my navel with her index finger.
When she realized it wasn’t going as well as it had during our erotic bath, she suggested we get back into the tub.
I refused.
“If you don’t willingly allow me to do this, I’ll have no choice but to drug you,” she said sharply.  “I prefer you alert and responsive.”
“I prefer to be doped out of my mind,” I said, vehemently.
“As you wish,” she said with obvious reluctance. After a moment, she smiled, “I think I’ll slip a little aphrodisiac in with your sedative. It will be interesting to see how much passion comes of it.  Maybe then I won’t feel like I’m preparing a corpse.”
“Do what you want,” I snapped.  “Just as long as you drug me good.  This is a night I never want to remember.”
Our eyes locked for a brief standoff of wills before she sighed and got off the bed.  Moving to the far side of the room, she opened the top drawer of the elaborate nightstand to reveal a telephone. I have no idea who she called, but within a ridiculously short period of time the slender young woman who’d brought my trousseau arrived with a tray containing one vile of liquid, a packet of powdered substance, and a glass.  Abigail ordered her to set the tray on a small round table in the sitting area of the room and then leave.  Although she did so without uttering a word, I’m sure I caught her glancing my way with a look of pity on her face.
“What’s that?” I asked, apprehensively, as Abigail poured a generous amount of liquid into the glass, shook some of the powdered substance into it, and stirred it with her index finger while walking slowly toward me.  
My bravado was suddenly gone.
“We have very little time left before your husband arrives.  It won’t go well for either of us if he finds I haven’t done my duty,” she said.
“Tell him I refused,” I said, firmly.
“What do you know about the prince?” she asked quizzically as she stood at my side extending the glass toward me.
If the contents tasted as vile as it smelled, I truly didn’t want to be forced to drink it.  I moved my face away in hopes that by some miracle she’d take it away or spill it or something.
“Nothing,” I replied, trying hard not to wretch from the stench of the liquid.
“Let me educate you,” she said. “Your mother... Sybil... is a pussycat when her orders aren’t obeyed compared to the prince.  Am I making myself clear?”
“Perfectly,” I said as I swallowed hard.
I was in a true dilemma. The bathtub scene took me unaware, which was probably why she was able to get away with it; not to mention I had no idea she was a vampire. This time, I was fully informed of her true identity and her intentions and couldn’t relax enough to allow her near me.  As hard as I tried, I just couldn’t bring myself to let her touch me, let alone touch me in the intimate way I knew she intended to do.  
With a sigh of resignation and a look of disgust, I grabbed the glass from her hand and downed the liquid. It took a while for me to stop coughing and gagging to appreciate the delightful floating sensation surging through my body. I had a sense of wellbeing that was indescribable and something I never would have thought I’d have in a place such as that. I could have stayed like that forever. Mixed with my relaxed pleasure was the insatiable desire to be made love to.
I gave her no resistance as she pushed me gently back on to the mattress and rested her own naked body along the length of my own. As I had in our bath earlier, I allowed her lips and hands to explore and fondle me in places only Geo and that horrific doctor had been. It was delightfully arousing.  It wasn’t long before I was begging for more.
I heard her comment on how surprising it was to have a virgin respond in such a willing way as I did, but I was too caught up in the moment to bother explaining that I really wasn’t a virgin and had already been schooled to some degree in the way of love making by my beautiful Geo.  Instead, all I could do was utter his name.
Over and over and over again I called his name.  With each climax, my demand for him grew bolder. I wasn’t sure if she didn’t care that I wanted him or was so involved in her mission of servicing that she didn’t notice. It was only when the door opened and my newly acquired husband stepped through it that she placed her lips against my ear and hiss the order for me to stop calling out the name of a man who wasn’t my husband. Her tone was so harsh and insistent that I obediently shut up.
“Your bride is ready my prince,” Abigail cooed as she removed herself from the bed with so much casualness one would think all she did was deliver me a cup of tea.
“Very well done,” Charles said as he placed his hands between my thighs. “I believe this is your best accomplishment yet.”
Yet? Did my fuzzy mind hear right? Was this something he had Abigail do on a regular basis?   She did say he had an insatiable taste for sex.
“How many wives do you have?” my thickened tongue managed to slur.
“You accomplished this with her drugged?” he said with surprise. “Admirable, my dear.”
“I never would have guessed her to be a virgin,” Abigail volunteered, “not with that type of a response.”
“She is one, I hope,” he said firmly.  “My agreement is contingent on it.”
“I checked and she is,” Abigail said, reassuringly.
“Wonderful,” he said as he let his robe drop to the floor.  “So then, let’s get down to the business of making this official, shall we?”
“Do you wish me to stay?” she asked while pulling her dress over her head.
“Do,” he replied, “and call in the rest of the witnesses.”
Witnesses?  What was going on?  I struggled to sit up, but was forced back down by my newly acquired vampire husband.
“Don’t move, my sweet. We don’t want all of Abigail’s hard work to be for naught, do we?” he said in a deep, sultry tone that reeked of power.
As I allowed my foggy brain to take in the image of his naked and very ready body, my thoughts went to Geo. I thought our rutting in the soil to be the most unromantic moment, but this topped it completely. Not only was I prepared for my husband’s entry into my recently revirginized body by another female, but I was to have an audience as well.  I’d read about this happening with royalty in the early days of man, but now? Did they still have to practice such a ridiculously barbaric ritual?  What type of antiquated, blood sucking society was I entering?
I watched him put on a sheath that looked like it had tiny little bristles on it and cringed as far into the bedding as I could. When I saw Sybil sitting poised and proper amidst a dozen or so onlookers I wanted to spit. Was there no end to my shame? Although no one spoke a word, I could tell by the look on most of their faces that they were duly aroused by the scene. This only served to make me even more mortified. 
With all of the adrenaline my fear released flowing through me, it didn’t take long for the effects of Abigail’s adept ministrations to disappear and my head to clear. Did she know this would happen? Had she convinced me to take the drug on purpose just to have her way with me one more time? I remembered her proclamation earlier in the day about how she would take me to heights only a woman could take me to and then the conversation she had with Charles.  After weighing the two, I decided she was really only following orders.  The fact that she enjoyed it was a bonus.
With all of the voyeurs settled in their chairs, it was easy to notice Geo when he slipped into the room and stood against the wall, as if trying to go unnoticed.  It didn’t work.  Sybil spotted him almost immediately and moved to his side.  I watched as she placed her hand on his arm, just above his elbow, as if to hold him in place. Was this part of his punishment?  From Sybil’s satisfied look, I guessed it was.  Our eyes met and I could feel his pain and remorse for my situation.  
Then, it began.
I struggled for air as Charles flipped me onto my stomach and lowered his large, muscular frame over mine. I felt as if my ribs would crush and I’d suffocate with my face jammed into the bedding like it was.  When he finally raised us both up onto our knees my joy for being able to breathe again was overshadowed by the painful thrust of his manhood deep into the very depths of me.  I could hear my body tear as he repeatedly thrust himself with brute force.  Compared to this, Geo’s taking of my maidenhead was a walk in the park.  
“You are a virgin no more,” he bellowed proudly.
The applause coming from our audience took me by such surprise that I could no longer contain myself. I screamed like I’d never screamed in my life.  This only served to please my twisted onlookers even more.  As for my husband, it had some crazy erotic effect on him. He rutted like some wild animal without an ounce of care for my wellbeing.  I feared his large hands would pull my breasts from my body as he used them for leverage to hold me securely in position. Just when I was certain he was going to rip me in half, he let out a roar and fell onto the bed beside me.
Blood coated the bed covers with such surprising abundance that I thought I was going to bleed to death.  This hadn’t happened with Geo.  There was blood, but only a small, manageable amount. I had no fears of dying after we were through, only shame for my wanton ways.
Charles lay panting next to my traumatized body while our audience filed out of the room. I could feel Geo’s eyes on me, but I couldn’t look his way.  He’d stood by and watched my humiliation.  Even though I knew there was nothing he could do to stop it, I needed time to move past the fact that he’d witnessed my shame and abuse.
After a brief moment of silence, Charles started licking the blood from my legs and most private area.  I could feel his tongue delve deep inside to reach every last drop.  When he was finished, he bit his wrist, forced my lips apart and let his blood fall onto my tongue, explaining it was to help mend the tears inside me quickly.  It had a salty, metallic flavor that was surprisingly pleasant. Satisfied, he kissed my swollen lips with a mouth that smelled of sex and blood, praised me for my strong constitution in tolerating our coupling, and thanked me for the beautiful experience before leaping from the bed.  After calling Abigail back into the room and ordering I be cared for, he was gone.
“What just happened?” I said with a weak moan as I rolled to my side and placed myself in the fetal position.
“You somehow managed to survive something that very few humans do,” Abigail said, gently. “He was rougher with you than I’ve ever seen him be with a woman, human or vampire. He even wore that crazy sheath. You’re amazing. I find it difficult to believe you lived through that onslaught of torture. You must have magic in you,” She studied me before shrugging and adding, “Whatever the reason, you have my respect.” 
“I still might die,” I said as I lay trembling on the blood-stained sheets.”
Her voice filled the room with orders as staff members appeared from out of nowhere to do her bidding.  My head spun from pain and shock.  I was able to grasp very little of what was happening around me.  What I was aware of was the soothing sponge bath that I received and someone manipulating my body in order to put a soft and cozy sweat shirt and sweat pants on me. Although they didn’t take away the physical pain, my emotional torture was lessened.
Movement was swift and determined around me. It was as if they were on some type of schedule that they were afraid to mess up.  It wasn’t until I felt Geo’s strong, loving arms lift me from the bed that I forced my brain to focus on what was happening.
“I’m here, baby,” he whispered softly. “That bastard won’t hurt you again.  I promise.”
I wanted to ask him why he stood by and let Charles hurt me in the first place, but his name was all I managed to whisper.
I buried my face into his neck and allowed tears born of pain, fear, and relief to flow freely. Mindless of the water works that saturated his shirt, he planted a strong kiss on my feverish brow before beckoning Abigail, Luthias, and the small band of attendees to follow him.
I didn’t understand why he was consorting with the enemy, but I couldn’t worry about it at the time. I was seriously wounded by my vampire husband. I’d lost a tremendous amount of blood and I was extremely weak. The blood he gave me stopped the bleeding, but not the pain.  The effort of locking my arms around Geo’s neck was about all I could handle.
I couldn’t be sure, but I got the impression there was a small team assisting me with my escape. It didn’t make sense to me, but I didn’t care. I was in Geo’s arms and he was taking me away from the monster I was married off to in order to prevent a war between him and Sybil; yet another monster.
We were forced to creep past Sybil’s guards -who were distracted by chatting and celebrating the union of prince and princess with Charles’s guards- on multiple occasions.  My rescuers managed to pull it off without a hitch.  At one point, Abigail led us through a hidden door in the corridor that looked like a display case. The passageway was narrow and dark, forcing us to move single file for an uncomfortable period of time. When we reached its end, we were rewarded with the cool night air of the world above ground.  Our way was illuminated by a full moon and brilliant stars.
I filled my lungs with the familiar air and looked around. If it seemed desolate before, it looked even more so after the lush environment Sybil created down below. I didn’t care.  I was just so happy to be free. 
“Where are we?” I asked with a weak and feeble voice.
“Shhh, my love,” Geo whispered in my ear. “We’re on the fringe of one of Bartholomew’s encampments. There are drones everywhere. We can’t risk talking.”
I nodded my head to show I understood.
My lover tirelessly cradled me in his arms while keeping pace with the others as we raced for safety. At first, I thought we were going to Geo’s home, but then I realized that would be the first place Sybil would look for me.  
It wasn’t until the predawn of the following morning when the group stopped to rest that I learned we were going to Geo’s village of Verso. During the few hours break, we gathered around a small fire that provided a little light and heat for my wounded body.  Someone slung a jacket over my shoulders and I mumbled my thanks.  It really wasn’t cold enough to be bundled like I was, but the loss of blood caused my body temperature to drop dangerously low. I needed all the help I could get to stay warm.
One of my rescuers turned out to be none other than the doctor from the torture chamber Sybil called an infirmary.  The first thing he did when introduced was to apologize for what he was forced to put me through, but explained there was no other choice.  He couldn’t risk being exposed for who he really was. After his apology, he opened a small bag and took out a few jars of medication and proceeded to treat my aching body. I explained that Charles forced some of his blood in me to heal the wounds he’d caused and he nodded. The others in our small group were gracious enough to move away and make themselves busy to afford me as much privacy as possible. Only Geo stayed by my side; asking questions about my condition with every grunt or humph the doctor made.
Feeling a little better after the doctor’s adept ministrations, I looked around at the small group who risked so much to rescue me. My eyes rested on Luthias and Abigail. Once again, I mentally tried to make sense of why they were cooperating with Geo.
As we gathered together to make ready to continue our journey, Geo lifted me in his strong arms and whispered, “I know you’re curious, my love.  I’ll explain everything once I’m sure you’re safe.”
He kissed me long and hard before securing my arms around his neck and assuring the others he was ready to move on. They took off at a pace that would have easily passed as running for the average man, yet they considered it a jog.
CHAPTER TEN


It was late in the afternoon when we stood on the mountain ledge overlooking the valley that harbored the small community of Verso. Although we were still too far away for me to see the actual village, realizing its position between two mountains, I could easily see how the community could remain under the radar of Bartholomew’s people.
When we finally entered Verso, my first impression wasn’t favorable. The landscape surrounding the small community looked just as war torn and haggard as the rest of the land we’d traveled over. Remembering Geo’s description, I struggled to understand why Geo would tell me a story about his beautiful home when he came from an area that may actually be worse than where I lived.  
We encountered a few people now and then and I was struck by the reverence they gave Geo and the small group.  If nothing else, he  was certainly loved.
When we reached an old dilapidated barn that was riddled with abandoned, rusty farm equipment, Geo set me down.
“Are you able to walk?” he asked, gently.
I stood quietly and focused on my body. The excruciating pain in my abdomen was reduced to a slight ache. My legs no longer felt wobbly and my head was finally cool to the touch. I nodded, indicating that I was fine to walk on my own.
“Good,” he said with a satisfied smile. “Follow me.”
He grabbed my hand and led me into the old building. My head whirled as I surveyed the structure. It looked as though it would fall over with the slightest nudge. I questioned our safety in entering it, but said nothing. I trusted Geo knew what he was doing and where we were going.
He did.
At the back of the barn he removed an ancient, mold and dust filled bale of hay to expose a trap door. Its hinges groaned from lack of use as he pulled the trap door open.  I couldn’t help coughing from the dust that whirled in protest to the disruption of its dormancy. Someone handed me a handkerchief to place over my mouth before Geo lifted me by the waist and climbed down the ladder leading from the opening of the trap door. He set me down gently at the bottom and led the way down a darkened passageway. The going was a little slower than they might have liked due to my fragile condition but I was at least able to maneuver on my own. Although Geo made no complaint the entire time he carried me, I was certain he appreciated the reprieve.  It became excruciatingly dark, but I was so happy to be away from Sybil and Charles that I didn’t care. I grabbed Geo’s shoulders and hugged his back while he led me further into the darkness. The creaking of the trap door as it was pulled closed and the shuffling of footsteps behind me told me the others weren’t far behind.
The floor of our narrow passage was uneven. I stumbled several times, but managed to regain my footing and keep the pace. My shoulders almost touched the walls, which explained why Geo was happy I could walk on my own.  In a width this narrow he would have had to carry me over his shoulder. I couldn’t even imagine what kind of an experience that would have been for me, but I was certain I wouldn’t like it.
Claustrophobia was about to win out when Geo pushed open another door and light flooded our narrow passage.  I grunted with disgust at the sight of the dirt, dust, and cobwebs we’d walked through before stepping out onto the lush landscape. The air was very different than any I’d experienced before.  In my home area it was dusty, dry, and hot. Below ground in Sybil’s world it was heavy and moist. Here it was refreshing, light, and pure. I filled my lungs completely. For the first time, I  felt like I was actually receiving all the oxygen my body required to function.  
Luthias came up behind me and placed his hand on my shoulder.
“It’s wonderful, isn’t it?” he asked.
“Where are we?” I asked with wonder.
“Verso,” Abigail said as she moved gracefully past me without sparing a glance in my direction.
The sight of her brought the memories of our recent encounter to the forefront of my mind.  They were still too fresh for me to forgive or forget.  I scowled with disgust at her back.
“That’s quite a scowl,” Luthias said, softly. “Do I receive the same when my back is turned?”
“I have no reason to hate you,” I grumbled.
“It was I who walked you down the aisle,” he reminded me.
“I know,” I sighed.
He placed his other hand on my shoulder and whispered in my ear, “It was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done, believe me.”
“So, you think my role was easy?” Abigail said as she spun on her heels and faced us. “Do you think I enjoyed playing Lesbian for a Day?”
“I didn’t say that,” Luthias said, defensively. “You’re being defensive.”
“I’m tired of the charade,” Abigail complained, “and I’m pissed that we were so close and then little miss princess comes along and screws it all up.”
“It wasn’t her fault,” Luthias said.
“What wasn’t my fault?” I asked.
Being amongst arguing vampires who I didn’t know was making me nervous. Abigail clearly had a grudge against me for something I did without realizing I did it. I looked around amongst our small group for Geo, but he was nowhere to be found. I was so engrossed in enjoying the fresh air and lush green scenery I hadn’t even noticed him leaving.
“Where’s Geo?” I asked.  
“See what I mean?” she said at Luthias before stomping away to join the others.
“What got up her butt?” I asked.
“Up her what?” Luthias asked with a chuckle.
“Okay, how old are you?” I asked, accusingly.
“Just shy of one-thousand years,” he replied with pride. “Why?”
“You strike me as being flexible enough to move forward with the language of the times,” I said without commenting on the number he’d rattled off.
“Do you think so?” he said with a smile. “I try.”
“It looks like I’ll have to work with you,” I replied with a smile to match his own.
“I can see why Geo is so taken with you,” he said, thoughtfully. “There’s something about you that’s different from what I’ve encountered with other humans over the centuries.”
“I’m nothing special,” I said.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Geo said as he came up behind me and put his arm around my waist.
“Where did you go?” I asked.
“To check on things,” he replied.
“What things?” I asked.
Geo looked at Luthias and nodded his head.
“Alright everyone,” Luthias called out softly.  “It’s time to move on.”
I asked Geo several times where we were going but he would only smile and asked me to wait and see. I eventually stopped asking and lost myself in the wonder as we walked further into the land of lush grass, enormous and healthy green leaf trees, and wild flowers of all shapes, sizes and colors.
Although I tried not to show it, my body was growing tired and my abdomen was beginning to bother me again.  I worried what might happen if I started bleeding while in the company of so many vampires. Geo had gone ahead of our small troop on another of his mysterious missions and left Luthias in charge of my care.  It didn’t take long for him to notice the shift in my gait.
“We still have a way to go, princess,” he said. “If you don’t mind, I think I should carry you for a while.”
I hesitated for the briefest moment. Being cradled in his arms for an indefinite period of time seemed a rather intimate action that should be done between lovers, not strangers.  Unfortunately, I was out of steam.  I needed to use some alternate mode of transportation other than my legs if I was going to make it to wherever our destination might be.  Since Geo was nowhere to be found and the only two members of our little group I even remotely trusted were Luthias and Abigail, what choice did I have? I probably could have asked Abigail to carry me. She’d proven her strength and stamina in more ways than I could count, but the thought of her touching me made my skin crawl. Handsome... no, make that gorgeous... hunky Luthias was all that was left.  
I closed my eyes and nodded my agreement.
In a matter of seconds, I was cradled in his strong arms just as cozy as you please. We moved at a pace I could have never achieved at my fittest form. I sensed the group was grateful to be able to pick up the pace. He gently pushed my head against his shoulder and suggested I close my eyes and take a small nap since we’d be traveling for several hours before stopping.  I took a moment to admire the tireless way my rescuers moved before the musky scent permeating his smooth white flesh filled my nostrils and occupied my full attention. It was sweet and spicy and oh so soothing. In the right circumstance, it would have been arousing. As it was I found it soothing and comforting. I nuzzled deeper into his neck as I greedily took in as much of the aroma as my nostrils allowed. My senses were eventually satiated and my sore, aching muscles relaxed. Within minutes I drifted off into blissful darkness.
When I awoke I was resting on a tapestry upholstered lounge chair with a soft, cotton blanket covering me. The sun had set and brilliant stars filled the night sky.  There was no light on in the room, but between the light from the moon and star illuminated sky coming in through the clear glass window pane to my left and the beam of light from the adjacent room coming through the open doorway, I was able to see enough of my surroundings to get a feel for where I was.
The room had an eclectically odd assortment of furnishings strategically placed to make them look like they belonged together. I often heard my grandmother telling my grandfather that if she was able to possess all she favored in style and décor for her home he would be forced to build her a room to put it in.  Since these articles and furnishings were in no way created for each other and would probably make a silly combination, she would call it her ‘silly room’.  Whoever owned this silly room did a great job of making it work.
I stretched in a catlike fashion while I contemplated exploring my surroundings and, hopefully, locating Geo.  It was then that the voices of Geo, Luthias, Abigail and the doctor floated into the room.  They were arguing about something, but I couldn’t make out what it was. It sounded like they were moving closer into the room next door as they continued a heated debate. 
“Forgive my boldness but, you can’t see three feet in front of you since you met that girl,” Abigail barked.  “It’s jeopardized our entire mission.”
“I wouldn’t go that far,” Luthias said in a manner that sounded like he was trying to calm her down.
“I would,” the doctor joined in.  “For three years I put up with those vile creatures and perform acts that make my skin crawl.”
“I can’t tell you how many times I was forced to play lesbian lover for that bastard’s voyeur pleasure,” Abigail said, vehemently. “I even had to do it with her!”
“It’s no secret you love sex no matter who the partner, so stop your whining.  I was forced to return her to virgin status so that bastard could have the pleasure of taking it,” the doctor bellowed. “It was painful for the poor girl as well as humiliating... for both of us.”
“Stop, both of you,” Geo ordered.  “We all had a role to play and none of us enjoyed it.”
“Did Casey know?” Luthias asked with a serious tone.
Silence permeated the air. I sat up and focused harder on hearing what they were saying.  It was difficult because my adrenaline started to soar at the mention of my name and my ears filled with the roar it always caused.  I breathed in and out to try to calm myself.
“You never explained her part in this to her, did you?” Abigail said, accusingly.
“It was hard enough getting her to come with me,” Geo said.  “I couldn’t risk it.”
“But you could risk taking her virginity,” Luthias said with a hint of hostility.
“It wasn’t intentional. It just happened,” Geo groaned. “If you were there you’d understand.”
“If I was there it would never have happened,” Luthias said, boldly.
“Whether she knew or didn’t know isn’t our problem,” the doctor said with urgency. “What is our problem is that Geo convinced Sybil to marry her daughter off to Prince Vogel in order to allow us to merge our efforts and now he has stolen her from him on their wedding night.  Years of infiltrating their societies gone to waste with just one action.”
“You helped,” Abigail said with amusement.
“This isn’t funny,” Geo barked.
“No, it’s not,” Luthias said. “Nor is it alright that we were forced to change direction of our plans to rescue her.” 
“I couldn’t leave her there,” Geo groaned. 
“Yes, you could,” Abigail said.
“I didn’t know I’d fall in love with her,” Geo confessed. “Sybil forced me to sit in on the witnessing.  I wanted to tear that bastard’s heart out.  Sybil’s too.” 
“And there lies the problem,” the doctor said, sadly.
I couldn’t listen any longer. Hearing that Geo played a part in actually convincing my mother to sell me off to a vampire prince was intolerable.  I was livid.  How dare he?   My blood boiled with anger as I leapt from the lounge and crossed the room with speed I didn’t know I possessed.
 The look on their faces was a mixture of surprise, remembrance that I existed, and chagrin as I stood in the doorway of the room and glowered at each one individually.  I reveled in their obvious discomfort while they looked at me, expectantly.  
When my eyes finally settled on Geo I hissed through gritted teeth, “Things just keep getting better and better, don’t they?”
“Oh, hell,” Geo groaned as he started toward me.
“Stay back,” I snapped with teeth still clenched.
“Listen,” he said.
“Oh, I did listen,” I huffed, “and I didn’t like what I heard one bit.”
“Maybe you should hear it all before you decide whether you like it or not,” Abigail said as she stepped between Geo and me.
“Keep out of this Abby,” Geo said, defensively. “I can handle this without your help.”
“Oh right... you’ve handled things so well, Geordie,” she barked while keeping her back to him and her eyes on me.  “Maybe if you hadn’t been so arrogant and pig headed and let us accompany you when you went to fetch her we’d be finished by now instead of hiding out trying to decide where to go from here.”
“That’s enough, Abigail,” Luthias said softly.  “Remember your place. Pointing fingers won’t clear this mess. It’s time to focus on what we do next instead of what we should have done.”
“Always the level headed one,” Abigail said as she turned to smile at Luthias.
The winning smile he flashed back at her was so warm and genuine it could have melted an entire glacier. It hinted of a relationship that ran deeper than simple comradeship for a cause.
Geo tried to move toward me again.  I threw my hands in front of me and gestured he stay away.  He shook his head and with sadden eyes made an excuse to leave the room.  No one stopped him.
The doctor slowly approached me.
“I’m sure you want nothing to do with me after what I did to you, but I would like an opportunity to redeem myself in your eyes,” he said softly.
“Why would my opinion mean anything to you one way or the other?”  I asked hostilely but with genuine curiosity.
He looked at the floor and replied softly, “It just does.”
“Oh crap,” Abigail blurted out, “stop the games and tell her.” She put her arm around the doctor’s shoulders and pulled him close to her side and added, “He’s your great uncle on your father’s side.”
“Uncle Milton?” I gasped.
“The very same,” he replied.
“Doesn’t anybody in my family die?” I bellowed as I stomped from the room. 
 

CHAPTER ELEVEN


My reaction to discovering my great uncle wasn’t dead was far from receptive, but what did they expect?  He supposedly died long before I was born.  The world as I knew it had almost instantly disappeared.  Accepting and understanding the new one I found myself in was difficult and sometimes nerve-wracking.  Because of this, I understood and excused myself for my outburst even if they might not. 
Amongst the many things my grandparents hadn’t had the forethought to make sure were placed in our emergency hideaway that became our permanent home were pictures of our family. Although they lamented over the loss of the photographic memories of generations past, we had far greater items that would determine how well we survived to worry about replacing.  The photos were soon forgotten. If it hadn’t been for my grandfather’s references to the fact that not having Milton’s adept abilities as a medical whiz to complement my grandmother’s magical herbal skills was a great shame, I wouldn’t have even realized he’d ever existed.
I could hear bits and pieces of the trio’s grumbling and brainstorming in the next room, but I blocked them out as I paced back and forth within the confines of my darkened sanctuary. My mind was whirling.  Geo deceived me.  I could forgive his not realizing he’d fall in love with me.  After all, we’d never set eyes on each other, so how would he know?  But, to deliberately scheme with that monster living within my mother’s body to marry me off to Prince Evil... well, I felt used and defiled.
My musing was interrupted when a slight young woman in a blue maid’s uniform -that rested just below her knee and covered by a crisp white apron, with long auburn curls that poured out of a starchy white cap- entered the room. She introduced herself as Jenny.
“Oh, my goodness. Who left you in the dark like this?” Jenny asked as she set a tray of food on a small table next to the window and turned on the table lamp it supported.
I would have complained about the light being turn on, but the warmth the low lighting created in the room actually had a calming effect on me. I spotted the tray of food positioned near the lamp and immediately salivated. There was a medium sized bowl of piping hot tomato bisque soup in the center of the tray, two oversized biscuits on a plate next to the bowl, and a tall beverage glass filled with some sort of carbonated drink. I realized how ravenous I was when the sight caused my stomach walls to beat against each other. I hadn’t eaten since my wedding reception the day before.
Jenny removed the fare from the tray and arranged them on the table before positioning a nearby accent chair up to the table and beckoning me to sit. I quickly complied. I was grateful when she left me alone to enjoy my meal.  What I thought was tomato bisque turned out to be some other type of soup with a tomato base, but I couldn’t place the ingredients enough to label it. The biscuits were a delightful surprise since they tasted nothing like the ones Geo fed me while journeying to Sybil’s kingdom. The carbonated beverage had a pleasant, undefinable flavor. Once again there were some mystery ingredients but I thought little of it. From what I was able to see of Verso while traveling through it, the plant life was far more varied and complex than anything I was familiar with. I questioned if even my grandmother would have the knowledge required for this world. 
I devoured the soup and biscuits and drank every drop of my beverage.  Jenny returned just as I was pushing myself from the table. She smiled with satisfaction while clearing the table.
I took the opportunity to question her.
“Where am I?”  I asked softly.
“Why, Verso, princess,” she replied.
Although I was a little taken aback that she called me princess, I made no mention of it.
“Yes, of course, but whose house is this?” I asked. When she looked at me, quizzically, I continued, “I was asleep when we arrived.” 
Her body visibly relaxed and she gave a broad smile.
“I see,” she said, warmly. “You are in the home of our commander and most revered leader, Lord Geordie Brennus. His family ruled the Scottish Highlands generations before he was born. He comes from a long line of lords and masters.  In Verso, he is king.”  She leaned forward and spoke in a hushed tone, “His family name is Breda.  They were Italian emigrants. He switched it to Brennus. It is Gaelic for prince or raven.  It suits him, eh?”
“King?” I mused aloud.
“Indeed,” she said.
“You mean Geo?” I asked, clearly confused.
“That would be his nick name, but the servants certainly don’t call him that,” she said.
“What do you call him?”  I asked hesitantly.
“Milord, mostly,” she replied, thoughtfully. “Although a few below stairs call him master.” 
“Master?”  I said, incredulously.
“For sure,” she replied. “He dislikes the term majesty.”
This was all too weird.
As she picked up the tray to leave I said, “Do you have just a moment to answer a few more questions?” 
“As you wish, princess,” she said as she set the tray back down on the table and stood quietly with her hands clasped low in front of her while she waited for me to speak.
“Verso is like nothing I’ve seen before. I’d like to know a little about it,” I said. 
“Do you know the meaning of verso, miss?” she asked.
“It’s the opposite of something, correct?”  I said.
“That’s correct.  Verso was named such because it’s everything the rest of the world is not,” she explained.
“How do you manage it?” I asked.
“It’s protected by a shield of magic that was placed over it centuries ago. At first it was to provide a haven for milord’s people, but then, after the nuclear war, a new shield was added to keep the devastation from reaching us. Verso cannot be seen or touched by the rest of the world unless the magic shield is penetrated or taken down,” she said, proudly.
“What if someone just stumbled into it?” I asked.  “I mean… it can’t be seen, but how can it not be touched?  Couldn’t you walk through it even though you don’t see it?”
“That would be difficult since we actually exist in an altered dimension. We are still on earth, but we are hovering in a different vibration.  We are opposite everything out there.  Even our population is not like those on the outside,” she said. “Some of us have been around since as early as the twelfth century B.C.” 
“I don’t understand,” I said, earnestly.
“We are vampires. Vampires are practically immortal,” Jenny said, proudly, and then giggled. “We don’t feel like vampires to the vampires and others outside of Verso.  They feel the difference in the energy we emit and assume we’re humans that are altered in some way,” she explained. “We don’t tell them differently in order to keep our secret.”
“You are all... vampires?” I gasped.  “Everyone?” 
“Everyone,” she said. “that’s part of the magic. ‘Tis difficult to survive in Verso if you are not a vampire.” She looked at me with concern. “No one told you?” 
I shook my head.
“But...” she started and then, as if realizing she’d gone too far with her information, she shut down.  She picked up the tray, looked down at the floor and said briskly, “I beg your leave, princess.  I must go now.”  
Before I could protest she was gone.
My heart sank. Not only had Geo convinced Sybil to use me as a pawn in his plot to join the mutant-vampires with the Vampire Land vampires against Bartholomew, but he’d deceived me about who he was as well.  He never once told me he was a vampire, nor did he correct Sybil when she said he was just an altered human. He certainly left out the part about him being lord of a kingdom. 
I felt confused and frightened.  Had I escaped my fate with one clan of vampires only to meet it with another?  I was consumed with panic as Jenny’s words echoed in my head, ‘You cannot survive in Verso if you are not a vampire.’  What was going to happen to me?
I needed to get out of there.  I wanted to go home.
I don’t know how long I paced the room while deliberating what to do.  I also don’t know when it was that the trio left the room adjoining mine.  I just know I was surprised by the intense silence when I finally did cease my musings and focused once again on my reality.
I’d made up my mind to leave Verso and find my way home.  I was strong and adept with a fairly level head on my shoulders. I had no doubts I could manage the journey.  It was the task of finding my way out of Verso that caused doubts. I cursed myself for sleeping so much during the journey.  
Steeling myself for what was before me, I peeked out of the doorway and scoped the adjoining room.  It was empty.  Walking as lightly as I could manage, I made my way to the hall and, once again, checked it for activity.  All was quiet.
So far, so good.
Feeling encouraged, I stepped out into the hall and looked around. It was wider and far plusher that I would expect a hallway to be. Sconces lining the immaculate cream-colored walls on either side projected a soft glow. An occasional piece of furniture spoke of a time in history long gone. Thick Persian carpet completed the rich ambiance of yesteryear.  
It wasn’t until my toes reveled in the softness of the thick carpet that ran the length of the incredible corridor that I realized my feet were bare.  With a grunt of disgust, I returned to my room in search of my shoes, plus my sack containing the supplies I’d need in order to make a journey through the desolate and devastated land that awaited me outside of Verso.  My shoes were easy to locate, but my travel bag wasn’t. I strained my mind to remember if they’d even bothered to bring it. After all, I wasn’t in the best of conditions when they’d scooped me up and stole me from my marriage bed.  Since I knew how much Geo valued and appreciated the protection from the sun’s rays my grandmother’s ointment provided, I felt certain he wouldn’t leave it behind.  The question was... where did he put it?  I knew I wouldn’t fare well without it.  
After looking beneath the bed and behind the furniture, it finally dawned on me to look into the obvious location; the closet.  I released a sigh of relief when I found my bag resting on the closet floor. I grabbed it and closed the door harder than intended. The vibration caused a large painting of an elaborate mansion and its grounds to swing about an inch away from the wall on one side.  Could it be on hinges and hiding a safe or something? I pulled its edge eagerly. As it swung toward me, I was shocked to discover a small empty cubby recessed in the wall. I set the bag on the floor and inspected the cubby more closely.  The back panel wasn’t positioned evenly against the side walls.  I pressed on it and it gave way, displaying a deep dark passage that looked large enough for a person to slither through, but certainly not large enough to walk or crawl in. I grabbed the bag and secured it to my back while I considered my options. I had no idea where the passage led, but I also didn’t know what direction I needed to go in order to escape the house without being discovered.  
I studied the passage a bit longer while I debated what to do.  It was narrow.  Could I fit in it? What happened if I came to a dead end?  Would I be able to back out while crawling on my belly? I certainly wouldn’t be able to crawl out on my knees.  Where did the passage lead to?  Would it take me deep into the bowels of the building with no escape?  Should I just take my chances with walking through the building?  At least I knew it had exits to the outside.
Hearing movement in the adjacent room, I quickly swung the painting back into place; making sure it was secure against the wall.  Yanking the bag off my back with haste, I shoved it into the closet and quietly closed the door. I managed to kick off my shoes and position myself on the lounge only seconds before Luthias leaned his body against the door frame of my room.
“Ah, my lovely princess,” he said with a low sultry voice that I found tantalizing even in my frazzled state.  
The question of what it was about these vampire voices that made me react the way I did flitted through my mind and then I remembered Abigail telling me that vampires emitted a vibe that humans had trouble resisting. 
“I’ve come to see if you are comfortable,”’ he explained.  “Is there anything I can get for you?” 
“Jenny just cleared away from my meal,” I said, softly.
I couldn’t explain why, but for some reason I held no grudge against Luthias. He was a vampire like the others, but I inherently knew he meant me no harm.  Because I found him alarmingly handsome and charismatic, I forced myself to remember that, although he may not mean me harm, I was still his captive and I needed to be on the alert. Vampires were clearly crafty.
“Yes,” he said softly. “I met her en-route.  She said you had some curiosities. I’d like to ease them if I may.  You need only ask.”
His offer was irresistibly tempting. I was torn with mistrust, anticipation, and confusion. I wanted to ask him so many questions that plagued me, but would I truly get an honest answer?  I’d blindly trusted and followed Geo and look where it got me. If I was to escape, I needed to know a little more about where I was and what to expect once I left.  Out of all of the vampires I was exposed to, Luthias seemed the best choice to try to get information from.
I took a chance and asked, “Where am I, exactly?”
“Do you mean overall, or this dwelling?” he asked.
“Both,” I replied.
“You are in Geo’s home, which is in the heart of Verso,” he replied.
“Geo lives comfortably,” I mused as my hand caressed the upholstery of the chaise.
“When possible,” Luthias replied.
“What about you?” I asked. “Do you live like this too?”
“I’ve had a considerable amount of time to create a comfortable lifestyle,” he replied.
“Are you married?” I asked and then bit my lower lip. 
What was I doing? What was I thinking? What was wrong with me?
“Are you offering?” he teased with a rich, sultry chuckle. I could feel my face reddening. “Geo won’t be pleased if you are,” he said, gently, yet a little more seriously.
“Geo can go to hell,” I said.
“Oof, that’s harsh,” he said as he placed his hand over his heart.  “Why the change in devotion?”
“I have no idea why I asked you if you are married,” I said, defensively. “It just came out. It’s probably that vampire vibe you emit.  It effects a real human in crazy ways.  That’s probably why I fell for Geo’s charms and all of his lies.”
“You consider yourself a real human?” he asked with earnest.
“Of course,” I said, briskly.
“I see,” he mused.  “May I go a little further and ask you to define a real human?”
“Well, we’re not vampires or mutants,” I said with a voice that reeked of bitterness.  “I can assure you of that.”
“Of course,” he said  with incredible patience.
I waited for him to say more, but all he did was inspect his nails.  
When I realized he was waiting for me to continue I said, “A human is a human.  We have souls and make our own blood and don’t eat each other.”
“Cannibalism was practiced by certain humans long before the nuclear war,” he volunteered. “Are you aware of this?” 
Okay, this wasn’t going the way I wanted our conversation to go.  I needed to find out where I was and the best way to get out, not argue about what I was verses what the rest of the world had become.
“That probably wasn’t the best explanation,” I said as my mind focused on how to turn things around.  I shook my head and said, “We’re getting off the topic. You were going to tell me more about Verso.”
He looked at me long and hard.
“I was under the impression Geo described Verso in detail to you on your journey to meet Sybil,” he said with slow deliberation. “I’m uncertain what more I can add to that description.”
Well, Geo may not have been open and honest with me, but it was clear he was communicating quite well with his cohorts. Whether he realized it or not, Luthias squelched any hesitation or uncertainty I might have been entertaining about leaving Geo with that last remark. I was feeling more and more betrayed.  I took a few deep breaths to cool my blood as it began to boil with rage.
“He did,” I offered, eagerly, in an attempt to disguise my angst. “He didn’t tell me that it was in a different... what did Jenny say?”
“Vibration,” he offered.
“Yes.  Nor did he tell me he was a vampire amongst vampires, or that he was king of Verso,” I said while giving him the most seductive smile I could muster.
“Be careful, my beautiful princess,” he said in a slow, seductive tone. “If you smile at me like that much longer I might be forced to forget my loyalty to Geo and take you as my own.”
His remark made me shudder with anticipation while shaking with trepidation. I immediately wiped the smile from my face.
“I didn’t mean anything by it,” I lied. It was my intention to woo him into a loose tongue. Fearful my flirting was getting me more than I bargained for, I tried a different tactic of being honest. “I was just starting to feel relaxed and excited. I’ve always been an avid and eager student.”   
He must have realized my nervousness and honesty because his entire demeanor shifted from seducer to teacher.
“Any way I can assist you with improving your knowledge and wisdom,” he said with a gallant bow. “Ask away, my lovely.”
I dove into the line of questioning that I felt would be believable as well as helpful when I found my escape.
CHAPTER TWELVE


Luthias’s visit lasted far longer than I’d have preferred, but I saw no way of rushing him without being obvious. He clearly enjoyed storytelling. I learned our small party passed through the portal leading to the magical dimension while traveling single file through that incredibly dark and narrow passage beneath the old dilapidated barn. The residents above ground lived willingly on ruined land that was so common place throughout the planet. Their worries for having their needs met were relieved by the assistance and supplies provided by the residents of Verso.
Very few non-vampires have ever entered Verso and, to his knowledge, none left alive. When I questioned why I was brought to such a place, he simply shrugged and said they had no other place to take me. When I reminded him that I had a home with loving grandparents who I was certain were searching for me and he could have easily taken me there, he pointed out what I already knew; Sybil would look there first.
I learned that residents of Verso kept it a tight secret. Charles’s kingdom of vampires had no idea it existed, nor did Sybil and her mutant-vampires.  Apparently, it was a privilege and a rarity for an outsider to be brought there and I was to consider myself fortunate.
He touched lightly on the war that was on the brink of breaking out between the mutant-vampires and the vampires. Although Verso vampires had very little to do with either sector of their species, they felt solidarity between all vampires against the New World Order was necessary to avoid the threat of annihilation. He remembered a time before they learned to live below the radar of man that vampires were genuinely at risk of extinction. They’d managed to improve their numbers since then, but slaughtering each other would only bring them back down and make the vampire kingdom vulnerable once again.
I’ve always had a keen interest in history, so when Luthias began the story of how the planet was settled by vampires and humanoids from several planets at the same time, I gave him my full attention.  He spoke of a time so long ago when dinosaurs were still occupying a large portion of the planet. Finding the overly cumbersome creatures of little use and in many cases a threat to them, the newcomers united in the cause of their removal.  Weather machines and energy blasts of unfathomable magnitude made short of the task. Their efforts led to the extinction of most of the giant reptilians and the DNA alteration of the rest. Soon they were dividing the planet between themselves.
Peace reigned supreme for a considerable period of time before yet another species of beings arrived.  These beings were of the darkest nature. They infiltrated those who settled before them and created havoc within social structures. Members turned against members and great divisions were formed. If that wasn’t bad enough, the humanoids and vampires started to covet the other’s territory and wars broke out.  The planet and its inhabitants have known little peace since.
As I listened to Luthias’s tale of old, I couldn’t help admiring his handsome features. Were all vampires good looking? Geo, Abigail, and Charles were also gorgeous in their own right.  Was this a vampire trait?
“You seem preoccupied, my lovely,” Luthias said. “I’m boring you. Forgive me.”
“Absolutely not!” I declared with fervor. “I was just...”  I caught myself just before I said out the words, ‘I was just thinking how handsome you are.’
“You were just...” he prompted.
My mind raced with an alternative to say.
“I was just wondering about the mutant humans.  Where do they live and how are they able to survive?” I managed to say. “The New World Order is pretty diligent in their search for them, aren’t they?”
“Ah,” he said with renewed enthusiasm. “Now this is a topic I’m most eager to share my theory on.  I believe the darkness that settled here so long ago took advantage of the weakest of the populations of both humans and vampires when nuclear warfare broke out and seized them. I truly believe that it’s because of this that the mutants not only survive, but grow in numbers.”
“Why do you have compassion for something that’s dark?” I asked.
“Who said I had compassion?” he replied with surprise.
“It’s just the way you spoke of not wanting the mutant-vampires to fight the vampires,” I stammered. “I thought you felt sorry for them.”
“For the vampires, perhaps a little,” he shrugged, “but never for the humans.”
“That seems bias,” I snapped. 
“You have compassion for mutant humans?” he asked with surprise.
“I think all mutants should be wiped off the planet,” I said. “They are an abomination.”
“Even your mother?” he asked cautiously.
“My mother died when I was eight years old,” I replied.
“I see,” he said.
“I’m not bias. I said all mutants,” I clarified, “unlike you.”
“Humans and vampires have been at war for so long, we’ve lost count of the years. War breeds anger and hatred,” he said. “Of course I’m bias.”
Now it was my turn to say, “I see.”
Silence reigned between us for so long I worried the conversation lost its momentum and I still hadn’t learned enough to feel safe escaping. I decided to push the mutant topic a little further.
“Do you ever have problems with the mutant humans?” I asked.
“Unfortunately, Verso is located on the border of one of their largest encampments.  Our residents in Desolation are on constant alert for an occasional mutant raid,” he admitted.
I learned later the Verso vampires gave the nick-name of ‘Desolation’ to their surface decoy of Verso we’d traveled through.
“That’s terrible,” I gasped.  
“You need not fear.  They can’t enter Verso,” he said, reassuringly.
“What about when you come and go? Do you risk running into them?” I asked.
“Indeed, we do,” he replied.
“Can they...” I said before hesitating.  
I wanted to ask him if the story Sybil told me about vampires not being susceptible to mutants was correct, but I just couldn’t.  I didn’t know why. 
“Can they turn us mutant if they bite us?” he said, finishing my question.  “Yes and no.  Yes, they infect us and no, we don’t become completely like them.  Sybil and her band of merries are proof of that.”
“Sybil was bitten by mutants?” I gasped. “She told me a band of mutant-vampires gave her their venom to save her life.
“Sybil’s story is a unique one,” he explained. “She was dragged from Bartholomew’s sea of slaughter by a small band of mutants who began to dine upon her not yet dead body.” He stopped speaking when I covered my mouth and gagged involuntarily at the mere thought of what he was saying. With a look of genuine concern, he asked, “Should I stop?”
I shook my head and managed to squeak out the word, “No.” 
“Very well,” he said with a sigh. “Bartholomew’s crew spotted the mutants and made short of them. They abandoned the scene to reap the praise of a job well done, leaving the cleanup from their slaughter to the natives.  It so happened a small band of vampires were passing by. They took pity on the bullet ridden survivors who were hanging onto life with pathetic futility and introduce vampire venom into their systems. Unfortunately, Sybil and a few others they saved were so riddled and torn with bullets it was impossible to tell they were bitten by mutants and would soon turn mutant themselves. The vampire venom prevented the complete transformation, but they aren’t pure vampire either. They’re a mixture. How do you say... mutts?”
“Sybil is an original?” I mused, more to myself than to him.
“I never thought of it that way,” he said with a hearty laugh.
“But... I thought mutant-vampires have been around a long time,” I protested.
“Where did you hear that?” he asked with amazement.
“I’m not sure,” I admitted.
“Well, if you heard it anywhere, it was probably within her den,” he said and then chuckled. “I mean, her kingdom as her majesty prefers it to be called.”
“There are so many of them,” I continued.
“With more to come, if Sybil has her way,” he said with an air of sadness. “She will have to be dealt with at some point if we are to keep her population suppressed, but now is not the time. Bartholomew has expanded his search for vampires. We must focus as a unit to diminish his threat to our kind.  Your marriage to the prince was intended to create the alliance we needed.”
“That’s a thing of the past,” I said, quietly.
“Indeed, it is,” he replied with a gentle smile.
“Don’t let me interrupt,” Geo said with obvious jealousy as he stood behind Luthias.
The temptation to compare these two virile vampires as they stood so close was too strong to ignore.  My eyes slowly took in the sleek sexy image Luthias made in his well-tailored suit that hung perfectly over his lean muscular torso, short blonde hair that rested in a fashionable feathering over his ears, and sparkling blue eyes lined with thick dark lashes. Geo was equally breathtaking, although drastically different. His gleaming jet-black hair was pulled back in a stylish queue at the nape of his muscular neck. His dark, doe-like eyes were also lined with his dark lashes, which made them alluring and mysterious.  Although he was also lean and muscular, his shoulders were slightly broader than Luthias’s.  His well-developed muscles strained against his freshly donned tee shirt and faded denim jeans. Both vampires were of equal height, but Geo emanated a power that gave the impression he was larger and far more dangerous. 
Luthias studied Geo briefly and then me. 
“We were discussing the history of vampires and mutants,” he casually explained. “Your lady love has quite the curiosity.”
“Is that so?” Geo said in a manner that bordered on surly as his eyes locked with Luthias’s.
Luthias stole one more look in my direction before making his excuses and leaving me alone with Geo.
“How are you feeling?” he asked in a tone that sounded genuinely concerned.
“Emotionally or physically?” I asked in a standoffish way.
“Both,” he said, softly.
“You’re unbelievable,” I barked. “You walk in here and drive Luthias out with your surly looks and then try to make it look like you give a damn about my wellbeing.”
“I do give a damn,” he replied in a level tone.
“So much so that you sold me to that vampire monster and then watched while he defiled me!” I shouted.
Geo visibly flinched as my shouts echoed off the wall. I hadn’t intended to vocalize so powerfully, but I didn’t regret it. Let him feel the shame of his actions, for they truly were shameful.
“I didn’t know I’d fall in love with you,” he said sheepishly. “At the time, you were just a girl with a use.”
“That makes it okay?” I asked incredulously. “That vampire king you married me off to practically ripped me in half while you, Sybil, and a bunch of strangers looked on.  As if the shame I suffered from your friend Abigail’s drug induced creepy lesbian preparation ritual wasn’t enough.”  My chest heaved with emotion. “So, now you want to know how I am?  My abdomen is tender as hell, my crotch is numb, and my heart is crushed.  That’s how I am.”
“I’m so sorry,” he practically whispered. 
His voice was filled with genuine pent up emotion, but I was too worked up to let it affect me.
“So sorry that you brought me to a place that’s filled with vampires and where only vampires survive?” I continued with rage. “What’s to happen to me in this place?  I’m not a vampire, remember?”
“I remember,” he said, sullenly.  After a brief silence he said, “I haven’t thought that far ahead.  My only thought was to get you away from that sadistic bastard before he killed you.”
“So, you bring me here to die instead,” I said with disgust.
“I’ll think of something,” he offered with a voice full of remorse.
“Get out,” I ordered with a firmness that surprised me. “I never want to see you again.”  
“You don’t mean that,” he said as he stepped toward me.
“Stay away from me,” I said through clenched teeth.
“Is everything alright, milord?” Jenny asked from the center of the adjoining room. “We heard the princess shouting.  Is she in need?”
“Everything is fine,” Geo said without taking his eyes from me. “Thank you, Jenny. You may retire for the evening.”
“Yes, milord,” she said as she curtsied and disappeared.
“Milord? What kind of antiquated place is this?” I demanded.
“Most of our residents date back centuries and prefer the orderly and genteel ways of days gone by,” he explained.
“How far back do you date, milord vampire?” I asked with obvious hostility.
“Several centuries,” he replied, passively. It irked me that he managed to capture my interest, but I just couldn’t help waiting eagerly to hear his what he had to say. “I’ve been privileged enough to know the world when all was like Verso,” he said with a smile.
If he hadn’t smiled he may have held my interest for a bit longer, but the spell was broken when he flashed his beautiful set of teeth at me and I was reminded of how, in my naivety, I fell for that smile and was taken in by his charismatic ways.  
I immediately put myself in check. It didn’t matter to me that I was in the company of a vampire who could turn on me if I provoked him too much, because I didn’t think of Geo as a vampire.  He was the man I’d fallen in love with and felt betrayed by; nothing more.
“You should leave,” I said with earnest.
For a moment, I thought he might argue the point, but then, to my mixture of surprise, pleasure, and sorrow, he turned on his heels to leave the room.
“I have to pee,” I called after him.
He stopped briefly, but kept his back to me while saying, “I’ll send someone to take you.”
“Am I your prisoner?” I hissed venomously, but got no reply.
My curiosity as to whether all vampires were gorgeous was satisfied when a very homely young female, named Vanessa, arrived to escort me to the nearest toilet. Poor Vanessa’s narrow, beak-like nose and thick, protruding lips made her incredibly difficult to look at. This was soon overshadowed by her incessant chattiness and inability to keep a secret. Having her sent to assist me was a stroke of luck that I took advantage of right up until she returned me to my room.
I learned that, although I wasn’t a prisoner, I was to be heavily guarded since I was a human amongst vampires and not all vampires cared about my wellbeing.  In fact, many resented my fleeing the bed of my vampire king on my wedding night, since it jeopardized their plans for solidarity between the vampires and the mutants. It apparently didn’t matter to them that I didn’t escape by my own volition.  
I also learned the reason humans in general didn’t survive Verso was because there were vagabond vampires who simply couldn’t resist sucking them dry of their blood, in spite of the warnings given by their government. 
When I asked her who their governmental leaders were, she looked at me with surprise before saying, “Lord Geo is our head of government.  He is king of the lands and Sir Luthias is his right hand, princess.”
Geo was certainly full of surprises. After being in the company of my recently wed husband, the king of vampires, and my supposedly deceased mother, the queen of mutant-vampires, I was surprised to have it confirmed that Geo was in a position of equal authority. I just found it difficult to wrap my brain around, since he didn’t fit the mold with his gentle ways and casual attire. Luthias, on the other hand, with his immaculate appearance and stately mannerisms fit his title quite adequately.
I questioned her a little more about the vagabond vampires. I learned that, although they weren’t allowed in Geo’s palace, they occasionally found their way in -through the air ducts or a door a guard was negligent enough to leave unattended- in their search for mischief. This wasn’t good news. Not only did I need to worry about mutant-humans once I slipped out of Verso, but I had to get past vagabond vampires with an insatiable lust for human blood as well. When I questioned her about the size of the palace, I was informed it contained over three hundred rooms.  One could easily get lost in such a place, which was another reason I required a guide.
Vanessa was agog over the fact that their leader brought home a human woman he reportedly loved enough to jeopardize the truce he’d worked so hard to brainstorm. Apparently, he’d shown no such love for another over the centuries.  I didn’t have the heart to tell her he brought me there for lack of a better place to put me. I also kept it from her that Geo was a complex and deceitful vampire that I no longer trusted. After all, he not only willingly stood by while I was married off to another, he attended the wedding ceremony and the vile and excruciating consummation. I’d heard him confess that Sybil forced him to attend, but I chose to ignore that fact.  I just wished I could shut down my heart toward him.  The fickle thing still longed for his embrace and sultry whispers of love and devotion.
I did my best to shove my sorrow over a love gone sour out of my mind and focus on the matter at hand. I was elated to discover that Vanessa’s father was a scout for Geo and brought home tales and maps of the outside world. I was encouraged by my good fortune of her gossipy personality and questioned her in depth about Verso’s geographic location in respect to Sybil’s underground kingdom and my home. She proved a valuable source.
I discovered I was quite a distance from home and had to pass by several of Bartholomew’s out-camps to get there. I knew Geo and Luthias believed the first place Sybil would look for me was at my grandparent’s cabin.  I, on the other hand, felt strongly that she knew we’d think it the first place she’d look, so she might not bother checking there for some time.  I knew in my heart that if I could just make it to the loving arms of my grandparents I’d be safe. I just needed to survive the journey.
Vanessa told me the mutant-human camp was near the south entrance to Desolation.  My home was also in a southerly direction. If I wanted to truly avoid the mutants I’d have to leave by way of the north entrance and travel around the mountain to get to the southern route. Since Desolation was nestled in a valley between two mountains, north and south were my only options. This would add an easy week onto a journey that would already take me an estimated four weeks to make.
My hand caressed my abdomen as I wondered if I should sit tight for just a bit longer to allow my body to heal properly. Thanks to my grandfather’s rigid training schedule, I was stronger and tougher than one might expect a girl of my size to be, but embarking on a treacherous journey past mutants and Bartholomew encampments with vampires of all breeds hot on my tail and drones flying above required my body be in optimum health.  
Suddenly exhausted, I snuggled in the fetal position on the lounge.  I was vaguely aware of Vanessa covering me with a blanket, checking my forehead for a fever, and assuring me my suite would soon be ready for me to transfer into before I fell into a deep, blissful sleep.
 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN


I was slow to rouse to the sound of scuffling in the distance. I was even slower to shake the fog from my head and remember where I was. Luthias burst into the room just as I was alert enough to understand something was amiss. I opened my mouth to speak and shut it obediently when he put his finger to his lips. His body language told me all I needed to know.  I was in danger.
Geo raced past Luthias and scooped me into his arms before I realized his intention. My first reaction was to fight him off. I was angry with him, after all.  The sensible voice in the recesses of my mind shouted for me to behave and let him do what was needed to save me from whatever was violently making its way down the hall.
“What’s happening?” I whispered into Geo’s ear as he paced the room with me in his arms.
“Your husband has arrived,” he whispered, vehemently, between clenched teeth and an iron jawline.
“I thought he couldn’t enter Verso,” I gasped.
“He never could before,” Geo growled softly. “Something’s weakened our barrier.  Once you are safe, I’ll look into it.”
“Is there no way out of this blasted room?” Luthias hissed.
“Only the window,” Geo said, regretfully, as he peered out at a mob two stories below. “It doesn’t look to be an inviting route.”
“Nor does this,” Luthias said in an equally hushed tone as he nodded his head toward the outer room.
I hesitated. Did this mean Geo didn’t know about the passage behind the painting?  Should I tell them about it? I listened a bit longer to Geo and Luthias debate which route would be the best way to get me away from the dangers my husband and his army posed. Both had serious concerns.
“I know a different route,” I finally blurted out in a loud whisper.
The two stunned vampires stared at me as if suddenly struck dumb.
“Put me down and I’ll show you,” I said in a soft, steady voice to Geo.
He lowered me gently to the floor without saying a word. I walked, stiffly, to the painting and swung it away from the wall to reveal the passage. Geo and Luthias gasped simultaneously.
“Did you know about this?” Luthias whispered to Geo.
“Definitely not,” Geo whispered back.
“Who used to occupy this suite?” Luthias asked with genuine curiosity in a hushed tone.
“You mean this wing,” Geo whispered, still stunned. “This wing hasn’t been occupied for centuries. Its last resident was our Verso magician.”
“Gwendoline?” Luthias gasped softly as he looked around the room.
“The very same,” Geo whispered.
“Why is it that I can’t remember that?”  Luthias mused quietly.
“She was here for only a short time upon my insistence.  It was during the witch hunts when Verso was still unmasked.  Once it was decided to shield Verso, she was free to leave,” Geo explained softly.  “You were off fighting the Turks, if I recall correctly.”
“Ah, those were the days,” Luthias whispered with a grin. “Gwendoline was always big on secret passages.” He stuck his head into the entrance of the passage and looked as far into the darkness as he could.  “Do you have any idea where it leads?”
“I felt a breeze when I first found it,” I volunteered. “Wouldn’t that suggest it led to the outside?”
“Indeed, it would,” Geo whispered in my ear in a tone that was incredibly seductive.
I probably would have succumbed to the sensation of his seductive vampire whisper if a loud crash, that sounded dangerously close, hadn’t forced us to make an immediate decision. Geo slid his body into the passage first, insisting he be the one to meet danger should the passage lead us in that direction. His muscular body filled the space to the point it left very little room for him to pull himself along. When his feet disappeared into the darkness Luthias’s strong hands gripped my waist and hoisted me into the passage. I was better able to move than poor Geo or Luthias.  Unfortunately, I was quickly consumed by claustrophobia.  My body froze at the thought of going deeper into the darkness.
“Keep moving forward, princess,” Luthias quietly urged.  “I need more space than you’re allowing to get the painting secured behind me once I’m fully in.”
“I... can’t breathe,” I said as I sucked air through my windpipe.  
I could feel myself hyperventilating.
“I’m right here, baby,” cooed Geo.  He somehow managed to turn his body enough for his strong hands to pull me gently toward him. “Try to relax.  The passage is shorter than you think.  We’ll be out of it in no time.”
Those were exactly the words I needed to hear. I allowed my tense body to go limp and my breathing to slow down as Geo gently pulled me toward him. Luthias’s grunts as he struggled to secure the painting against the wall and then replace the false wall that hid the passage from eyes that weren’t searching for it floated past me, but they too eventually quieted down. We froze briefly when we heard the commotion in the room we’d just escaped. I held my breath while I listened to Charles’s deep voice tossing threats and insults to the staff as he demanded the return of his bride.    
As badly as I longed for Geo to pull me out of that tight, pitch black passage, I knew vampires possessed superior hearing. We couldn’t risk him hearing our movement within the walls. I even slowed my breathing down to a light minimum, just to be safe.
Just when I began to wonder if he would ever leave, Charles received a tip from one of his men as to my whereabouts and stormed from the room. I could only assume the tip came from one of Geo’s loyal staff. I made a mental note to find out who played a hand in our escape and insist Geo reward them when this was all over.
I could feel cool, refreshing air on my flesh long before I could see the end of the passage. Geo inched out of the opening and steadied himself on the ledge of the castle walls before pulling me to him and holding me close.  I stifled a scream when I realized we were overlooking a steadily flowing river that was at least forty feet below us and buried my face into his neck.  He kissed my cheek, cradled my head in his hand, assured me he’d never let me fall, and then moved aside to allow Luthias an exit from the passage.  
Clearly neither vampire was bothered by the distance between us and the river, but I certainly was. I gasped as Luthias jumped from the ledge without hesitation.  Geo quickly begged me not to scream and give our whereabouts away, tightened his grip, and leapt into the air.  A weak, involuntary cry escaped my lips, but it was muffled by burying my face into his neck.  When we were about to enter the water he ordered me to fill my lungs and hold my breath.
The water felt bitter cold as we plunged into its depths. Instead of swimming to the surface, my vampire rescuers stayed below it in order to go unnoticed as we moved along with the current.  As if on cue, just when I thought my lungs would explode from holding my breath for so long, Geo’s mouth forced my lips apart and he breathed for me.  To my surprise, my lungs felt rejuvenated and ready to continue. 
Unfortunately, my body was finding it difficult to tolerate the water’s icy temperature. I feared hypothermia would set in before we got to wherever we were heading.  It was a good thing all I had to do was hold onto Geo.  I couldn’t imagine what would happen if I’d been forced to swim. I was sluggish and sleepy and beginning to feel detached from my limbs.
Geo continued his vigil of breathing into my mouth at steady intervals while he and Luthias swam at breakneck speed beneath the water’s surface.  As we went further and further from Geo’s palace, I found myself wondering if we were still in Verso.  I tried to see through the darkness of rushing water, but could only see an occasional tree or boulder jutting from the water’s edge.
I was struggling to get my foggy brain to come up with a way to warn Geo that I was about to lose consciousness when he took us to the surface, shot up into the air, and then lowered us gently onto the grassy river bank. Without hesitation, Geo stripped my clothing from my body. I hovered in mortified nakedness while Luthias spun so fast I could barely see him.  Geo arranged my clothes in his hands, held them out before him and spun in the same manner as Luthias was doing.  
Luthias ceased spinning first and removed his suit coat. As he placed it around my bare shoulders, I was amazed to discover it was completely dry. He stood behind me and wrapped his arms around my shoulders while pulling me close to his body. Although it seemed inappropriately intimate, I was glad for whatever warmth his cool vampire body was able to provide, so I didn’t complain.
I could feel him tremble and stiffen as I pressed my body against his in search of greater warmth. Had my thoughtless move aroused him? I began to wonder if Luthias would be a vicious bed mate like Charles or a gentle one like Geo and was mortified that my actions created such a reaction in him and thoughts in me.  
He leaned his head close to mine and caressed my cheek with his own. His breath tickled my ear as he whispered, “The exertion of escape has left me in need of nutrition, my lovely princess.  Leaning so close causes your scent to fill my senses with taunting longing.  It would be wise to move away.”
Shocked by his unexpected confession, yet still held within the constraints of his embrace, I moved as far away as possible. Geo stopped spinning and scowled when he looked our way.  He looked directly into Luthias’s passion filled eyes with his own hard, angry ones that eventually softened.
“Thank you for caring for her in such a way,” Geo said with a controlled voice. 
It was clear he was still working on getting command of his emotions.
“My pleasure,” Luthias replied as he slowly released me. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I must attend to my needs.”
“Of course,” Geo said.
With that, Luthias was gone.
“It took a little longer for these to dry.  The material’s quite absorbent,” he explained as he returned my clothing. “It was good of Luthias to relieve your suffering while you waited.”
“I w-was freezing,” I stammered. 
I hadn’t tried to speak prior to this and it surprised me that my voice wasn’t as cooperative as it should be.
“It appears you still are,” Geo said as he moved closer to me.  “Let me finish what Luthias started.”
Even though he’d just performed the heroic act of rescuing me, I was still very confused about how I felt.  My immediate reaction when he stepped toward me was to step back.
“Please,” he murmured.
I hesitated, briefly, before moving toward him.  My limbs were surprisingly stiff and I practically fell into his arms.
“My poor baby... my love,” he whispered as he wrapped me in his semi-warm embrace, “I’ll make it up to you.  I promise I’ll never let anyone hurt you again.”
“Like... you... did?” I said between chattering teeth.
I could feel his body stiffen, but he didn’t pull away.
“I have no excuse for what I did to you.  It was wrong.  My only defense is that I didn’t know I’d fall in love with you,” he explained with a saddened voice. “You must remember vampires and humans aren’t friends.  To me you were just another human to be used as a means to an end.  Then I met you and spent time with you, made love to you, and it all changed.”
“Why did you let them marry me off to that monster if you loved me so much?” I whimpered.  “He almost killed me while you watched.”
Geo released a sigh that sounded like a mixture of frustration and agony before responding to my heartfelt question.
“I didn’t want to, believe me,” he said as he tightened his hold. “I can’t bear the thought of anyone touching you. Even Luthias, who has been my most loyal friend and companion for centuries is at risk of suffering my wrath should he overstep himself. Sybil rushed things when she discovered my love for you. I couldn’t come up with a way to stop the wedding in time without ruining the plans my people and I have sacrifice years to put into place. Making me sit in on the consummation was her way of punishing me. If I’d given her resistance she would have had me killed.”
“Why didn’t you steal me to stop it?” I asked bitterly. “You ended up doing it anyway.”
“Believe me, I wanted to,” Geo lamented. “I couldn’t convince the others to do it.  It wasn’t until they witnessed the onslaught of brutality in your marriage bed that they agreed to go along with it.”
“You couldn’t have done it on your own?” I asked, vehemently.
“You have to understand, my love,” he said softly.  “I’m king of Verso.  I carry on my back the responsibility of the wellbeing of an entire kingdom, just like Sybil and Prince Vogel. My people were carefully placed in positions to infiltrate their kingdoms to evaluate and strategize a way to stop the inevitable war that was brewing and bring solidarity for our cause to push Bartholomew’s troops back. The discovery of our deception could initiate unfathomable repercussions for them. You’ve met Sybil and Charles. I don’t need to tell you that. I couldn’t risk anyone in my team’s wellbeing.  I needed to make sure they were all evacuated before I took action to steal you away. If only Sybil hadn’t rushed the wedding...” He nuzzled his face into my thick, damp hair and inhaled its scent. The water had released the scent of the exotic oils Abigail placed in it while preparing me for Charles. “My team was angry with me,” he continued while keeping his face buried in my hair. “It took several years for me to convince Sybil of the advantages of giving you away in marriage to Prince Vogel and equally as long for Abigail and Luthias to convince the Prince to unite with the mutant-vampires instead of killing them. You’re of Sybil’s blood.  Whether human or not, the bond would have prevented Charles from continuing with his plans of wiping them out.”
“The mutants deserve to be wiped out,” I said. “Vampire or human, they’re an evil abomination”
“I won’t argue that point,” Geo said. “No one knows more than I the evil that a mutant-vampire is capable of. Try to look at it from a leader’s perspective.  That same evil aggression could be most beneficial in a war against Bartholomew.  He may not be a mutant, but he’s as evil and dangerous as they come; as is the government he represents.”
His words finally penetrated my anger and it all came clear to me. My seducing Geo at the creek that day instigated a chain of reactions that risked the destruction of an entire kingdom of vampires who were probably the kindest and most caring creatures on the planet. I felt horrible.
“Should I return to Charles?” I asked, meekly.
“Absolutely not!” he roared as he pushed me at arm’s length to look into my face.  “Didn’t you hear my words?  You’re my love. No one will touch you or hurt you again.  Not while I live, and believe me when I tell you that I’m extremely difficult to kill.”
“I hope so,” I said as I raised my lips to accept his deep passionate kiss.
It felt wonderful to relax and feel secure once again in my lover’s arms. Tears of relief moistened my lashes as my lips responded readily to his passion.
“I was so worried I’d lost you,” he said into my ear when we finally separated long enough for him to speak. “I’ve searched for you for centuries. Now that I found you I can’t imagine life without you.”
“I love you,” I whispered as I sought his lips once more.   
“Well, it’s nice to see we didn’t risk our entire existence for naught,” Luthias said with a chuckle as he walked out of the darkness toward us.  “Now, my Lord,” he said with a teasing bow that belied their friendship. “Might I suggest you tend to your needs so we can be on our way?”
“Are you warm enough?” Geo asked me, gently.  When I nodded he said, “Luthias, my man, kindly turn away to allow my lady a bit of privacy.  She needs to remove your suit coat and get dressed before I leave.”
With a chuckle that reminded us he’d already seen all there was to see, Luthias turned away.  Geo slipped Luthias’s suit coat from my back and tossed it to him with a quick ‘thank you’ while helping me back into my clothes.  Once he was satisfied I was decently covered, he gave me a quick and gentle kiss while assuring me he’d return post haste. 
With that, he was gone.
“You can turn around now,” I said to Luthias.
Although he smiled, I thought I detected a bit of sadness in his brilliant blue eyes as my vampire companion turned to face me. He still had his suit coat in his hand and was holding it to his nose. 
“Your scent is as intoxicating as you are beautiful,” he said with earnest. “I must confess I half hoped you’d reject dear Geo and allow me the opportunity to make you mine.  We vampires search long and hard for a female companion of your magnitude.  I’ll honor the joy of my best friend’s love, but I also wish to make it clear that I’ll be waiting in the background should you change your mind.”
“How can a human be a longtime companion of a vampire?” I asked, uncomfortably.
“Indeed,” Luthias said as his eyes bore into mine.
It was then that I realized my dilemma. If I was to remain with Geo, I’d have to turn vampire. This was something I wasn’t sure I was ready to do, no matter how much I loved him.
“I don’t want to....” I began.
“You don’t want to what?” Geo asked as he leapt from the darkness.
His joyful boyish actions struck me like a knife in my heart. I couldn’t bring myself to hurt him by telling him I didn’t think I wanted to be a vampire.
“Can I ask what needs you two tended to?” I asked in an attempt to change the subject. “Was it your toiletries?”
As soon as I asked the question and saw the humor on their faces I realized what a ridiculous question it was, but it was too late to take it back.
“Are you implying something, princess?” Luthias said with a glint in his eye and a chuckle in his tone.
“She’s pretty open with her critique on hygiene,” Geo said with affection.
“I didn’t mean...” I stammered.
I was grateful when Geo took pity on me and didn’t continue the jest.
“Although we do our best to live off the fruits of the land,” Geo began, “there are times when we require the nutrients that only blood can provide. It’s particularly necessary after an exertion of energy such as the one we just experienced.”
“You went off to drink blood,” I mused. “Of course. That’s what vampires do.”
“It’s not all we do, but we require it at times, like I said,” Geo said patiently. “We hunt an animal and take only enough to nourish ourselves, but never enough to kill the animal.”
“You don’t drink human blood?” I asked. I remembered being told only the evil drank human blood, but I wanted to hear it from Geo’s lips.  “I thought vampires...”
“Verso vampires don’t survive on human blood,” Luthias broke in. “You’re thinking of the outsiders like Prince Vogel and his band of gaggles.”
“But... what about the fact that humans can’t survive in Verso?” I pressed.
“Every bushel of apples runs the risk of one or two being bad,” Luthias said, defensively.
I decided to change the direction of our conversation before I truly insulted these wonderful vampires who risked so much to rescue me from my brute, human-bloodsucking husband.
“I don’t want to stand on this bank anymore. I’m nervous about getting caught,” I lied.
“I agree,” Geo said.  He looked relieved at the change in subject as he held his hand out for me to take and said, “Shall we?”
I placed my hand in his. He pulled me close, planted a light kiss on my lips, and ordered me to climb on his back.  When he was certain I was secure, he took off across the dark terrain with lightning speed. Although I couldn’t see him, I knew Luthias was traveling right along with us.
 

 CHAPTER FOURTEEN


The sun peeked over the horizon when we finally stopped outside a quaint little cottage nestled in an awe-inspiring grove of fruit trees. I wondered if I would ever stop marveling over the breathtaking beauty of the land. Luthias and Geo both spoke of Verso being like earth was prior to the war and the twentieth century pollution modern man created.  Although I was saddened that I was born in a time of devastation, desolation, and the dominance of evil, I felt even sorrier for them. How horrible it must be to watch your world turn into a decrepit shell of what it was.  I wondered why they’d ever step outside of Verso.
A slight and somewhat wiry, gray haired woman meandered out onto the porch to greet us. Even at that early hour her hair was pulled back in a smooth bun upon her head and her slacks and blouse were neatly pressed. I thought of the stark contrast she made against my grandmother, who would have greeted us with long gray hair in disarray and an old robe covering her nightgown at such an early hour.
“Greetings milords, what brings ye to my humble home on such a fine morning?” she called out as we neared her.
“Ah, good Gwendoline, ye are a sight for these poor eyes,” Geo drawled with the same speech pattern as the old woman.
“How old did you say you were?” I whispered.
“Ye ask me this now, fair lass?” he said with a slight chuckle and a twinkle in his eye.
Geo’s obvious pleasure in seeing Gwendoline and his jovial response to my question made me curious who this woman was and what role she’d played in his life over the years. 
“Is she a vampire?”  I asked Luthias as I watched Geo hurry forth and hug the woman energetically.
“She’s the only one living in Verso who is not,” he replied.
“She’s human?” I asked.
“She’s a magical human,” Luthias replied.
“A witch?” I gasped.
He nodded, but said nothing.
“She’s the one you said lived in the rooms we escaped from,” I mused.
He nodded once more, but still said nothing.
“I didn’t know they were real,” I said, softly.
“Now that’s humorous,” Luthias said with a smile.  “You believe vampires and mutants can exist, but not a magical human?”
“I didn’t know vampires of any kind were real until Geo introduced me to Sybil,” I said, defensively, “and mutants are a result of nuclear genetic altering.”
“So your first introduction to vampires was in the mutant-vampire den?” Luthias said more than asked.
“Technically, it was on the road near my home when I met Geo,” I corrected him. “Although I didn’t know he was a vampire until I was stolen from my creepy vampire husband.”
“Charles is creepy?” he chortled.
“I stand corrected.... evil.  I should have said evil,” I said.
“I can’t argue with you on that,” Luthias said.
“What are you two so engrossed in conversation over that you can’t be polite enough to greet Gwendoline properly?” Geo chastised teasingly.
I rushed forward and extended my hand in greeting.  Gwendoline raised a brow in surprise, but eventually took my hand and weakly shook it. I heard the soft chuckles of both Geo and Luthias behind me, but I paid little attention to them.  I was too surprised by the jolt of energy that shot from Gwendoline’s hand and up my arm to focus on much else. Fearful of insulting her, I steadied my body as best I could and kept my hand connected to hers until she voluntarily released me.
“The lass has spunk,” Gwendoline said as she looked past me to my vampire companions.  “Is she the reason ye came?”
“Aye, she is,” Geo replied.
I looked at Geo, quizzically, but said nothing.  Hearing his altered speech pattern shouldn’t have surprised me.  With every passing minute I was discovering more and more details about my incredibly complex lover. Even so, I wondered why he adapted this mode of speech for this woman.
“Then ye best come inside,” Gwendoline said.
She held the door opened while Geo took my elbow and led me through the door.  I couldn’t help smiling when I heard Luthias insisting on holding the door for the old woman and the light bantering that went on between them about his chivalrous ways as even he adopted her pattern of speaking. 
“Why are you smiling?” Geo whispered.
“If Luthias is anything, he’s chivalrous,” I replied.
“Should I be worried,” he asked in a tone that made me think he might be serious.
“Should I?” I asked as I watched Gwendoline move past us toward what looked to be the kitchen.
“Touché,” he said.
Before I could ask him what his unexpected touché meant, he left my side and followed Gwendoline into the kitchen.
“Who is this woman?” I asked as I turned to face Luthias.
“I told you. She’s a witch,” Luthias said, guardedly.
“I know what you told me,” I said. “I also know you didn’t tell me everything. I want... no, I deserve to know everything.”
He looked at me long and hard before sighing and motioning for me to sit on the nearby settee.  This prompted me to take in my surroundings for the first time.  The room was a hodgepodge of old and new. Rustic antiques were mingled amongst plush modern furnishings. Yet, amazingly, it all worked.  The room had a relaxing and appealing feel. It reminded me very much of the room I was housed in at Geo’s palace, but on a smaller scale.
I lowered myself onto the settee while Luthias paced back and forth in front of me.
“Just tell me, please,” I said. “I’ve probably already guessed.”
“I doubt that,” he said as he eased himself onto the cushion next to me.
I’d be lying if I didn’t say I felt a little flutter of excitement when I found myself seated so close to Geo’s handsome and elegant longtime friend. Who wouldn’t?  His looks alone were enough to tempt any woman.  The vampire pheromones he emitted only served to accentuate the pull.  I took a deep breath and shuddered as my fickle body reveled in the feel of his potent presence.
“Are you alright?” Luthias ask in earnest. “Should I fetch Geo?”
I couldn’t imagine how I’d explain the embarrassing fact that my fickle body found Luthias’s dynamics as fabulous as Geo’s.  I was certain it wouldn’t settle well with Geo if I could.  On the other hand, I had no desire to get caught up in another tangled web of lies with my love. There had been enough lies between us already to last me a lifetime. I quickly assured Luthias I was fine and there was no need to disturb Geo before begging he continue with his story.
Forgetting that I’d already been told by Geo and several others that I was the first female he loved since the death of his wife, I imagined Luthias was going to tell me that Gwendoline was Geo’s lover in her younger years. She was a human after all, so aging would naturally occur and although the romance ceased with that aging, the bond between them remained. I imagined it would be the same between him and me as I grew older and less desirable. What I wasn’t prepared to hear was that Gwendoline was in fact Geo’s birth mother.  How could that be?  First of all, she wasn’t vampire and secondly, humans just didn’t live that long. Did they?
As if prepared for the onslaught of questions I threw at him, Luthias answered them in a steadfast manner.  He explained that Geo was born human in the Scottish Highlands. He came from a long line of magicians, which was one of the reasons he was Lord of Verso.  Although he didn’t practice magic to the capacity of his mother and other relatives scattered throughout Verso, he held enough of it within him to come in useful at times of crisis during raids or wars.  Luthias’s face beamed with pride when he told me that, like his ancestors who came before him as well as those who still survived, Geo took the welfare of his people seriously and would lay his life down if need be on their behalf.
“How has Gwendoline managed to stay alive for centuries?” I asked.
“That, my dear princess, is a secret to which I know not the answer,” he said with a shrug. “Although I’m certain it involves magic and the fact that she has fae blood.”
As if on cue, Gwendoline entered the room, followed by Geo. I was so consumed with curiosity that I completely forgot myself. I stood up and approached her slowly while I inspected her from head to toe with my eyes.
“Your skin is amazing,” I mused, “and your muscle tone...”
“You told her, I see,” Geo grunted at Luthias.
“Aye,” he replied.
“You’re like an old woman with your gossip,” Geo said, teasingly.
“The lass has had enough deception, don’t ye think?” Gwendoline said in a quiet and self-assured tone. “What say ye two lads go make yourself busy doing whatever it is ye vampires do while I have a little chat with my guest?”
Her comment immediately squelched all curiosity.  I swallowed hard while my eyes begged Geo not to leave me alone with his centuries old mother who was also a witch.  The events over the last few days were piling up on my nervous system. Too many fairytale characters were coming to life. I felt overloaded. Geo crossed the room and put his hands on my shoulders while he kissed me gently on my forehead.
“It will be fine,” he whispered.  “Trust me.”
My legs went weak beneath me. I was grateful he still had hold on me and was able to offer support while escorting me back to the settee. Realizing my state, Gwendoline left the room, promising to return with a refreshing pot of tea.
“What’s the matter, my love?” Geo asked with concern.
“I’m overwhelmed,” I explained, meekly. “Before you came into my life, my biggest concern was what photograph was the best to submit as my contribution to bring in a little money for supplies my family might need. We were self-sufficient, with minimal outside interaction. I’ve led a quiet and sheltered life.”
“I realize that,” he said, guiltily.
“Since I met you it’s been frightening and chaotic. I’ve not only learned my dead mother is some sort of mutant monster and that my fairytale vampires aren’t fairy tales at all.  In fact, the human with super powers I fell in love with is actually a fairytale vampire whose mother is a witch with…what is it?  Oh yes, fae blood,” I said in a tone that was more of a whimper than a complaint. “As if that wasn’t bad enough... my evil mutant-vampire mother married me off to an equally evil vampire who tried to rip me in half on our wedding night.  Now, I’m being hunted by this evil creature and I’m sure by Sybil as well.  So please forgive me if I ask for a reprieve before I face yet another fairytale creature...  a centuries old witch who just happens to be your mother.”
He pulled me into his arms and rocked me while showering my face with tender kisses and my ears with apologies.  He admitted he was so accustomed to his world that the actual impact the events to date would have on a human outsider never dawned on him, especially a sheltered human outsider. He cursed himself repeatedly for his thoughtlessness while he assured me I didn’t have to do anything I didn’t want to do.
As crazy as it sounds, that little assurance was all it took to relax me and relieve the majority of the overwhelming tension and angst built up inside me. I took a deep breath and apologized for the meltdown before stating I’d be fine if left alone with his mother.  He looked at me long and hard, as if trying to look inside my mind to see if I was telling the truth.  Finally, when I kissed him softly, smiled gently, and reinforced that I’d be fine, he stood up and beckoned Luthias to follow him out of the room. Luthias stole a worried glance in my direction before following Geo. I inherently knew his worry was over my meltdown and not about leaving me alone with Gwendoline. I also somehow knew Luthias’s teasing professions of love had truth behind them. Since I found him to be one of the gentlest and kindest amongst men and vampires combined, the last thing I wanted to do was lead him on and cause him heartache. I made a mental promise to stop being so selfish about my own needs by leaning on Luthias for comfort and security when Geo wasn’t available and remember his feelings were involved.
Gwendoline stood in the doorway with her tray of tea and waited for my vampire champions to leave the room before heaving an enormous sigh.
“‘Tis always difficult when the heart is in too many places,” she said with a soft tone.
“I love Geo,” I said, defensively.
“I have no doubt ye do, lass,” she said. “I was referring to Luthias.”
“Luthias has two loves?” I asked with genuine confusion.
“My dear Luthias has been the beau of the beautiful Abigail for several centuries. She’s quite favorable in his eyes.  He also has deep love for my son. In a different way, of course,” Gwendoline said.
“How do they conflict?” I asked innocently while I struggled to squelch the humiliation I felt every time I thought of Abigail.
“They don’t,” she replied. “The conflict lies with Luthias’s love for ye. Although many vampires exercise the concept of free love, Geo would never stand for it. For that matter, neither would Luthias. In fact, most vampires in Verso don’t tolerate such behavior. ‘Tis more the behavior of an external vampire.”
“Like...,” I began.
I thought about telling her how Abigail developed a career of doing Charles’s bidding in the bedroom, but then thought better of it and stopped.
“Vampires are by nature highly affectionate and sexual. Verso vampires put great stock in self-discipline. They learned to control their oversexed tendencies as well as many other undesirable habits.  External vampires tend to expound upon them instead,” she explained.  “‘Tis not uncommon to find male with male, female with female, couples sharing couples, and so on with outside vampires.  Just let your imagination go to work and that’s probably what you’ll find at one time or another.  Outside vampires have an insatiable, and often cruel, appetite for sex.  Geo and Luthias take commitment of monogamy seriously.”
“I look upon Luthias as a friend,” I explained.
“Try to keep it that way,” she said with earnest. “‘Twould be a tragedy to tear those lads apart. Geo and Luthias were like brothers long before they turned vampire.”
“Geo is that old too?” I gasped.
She threw her head back with full bellied laughter.
“He’s remarkably preserved, is he not?” she said when she was finally able to speak.  “I find ye delightful.  You’ll make a fine addition to the family.”
“I’m human,” I said soberly, “and I possess no magic.”
“That surprises me. Ye certainly have the constitution of a magical person. Would ye like to possess it?” she asked with sincerity.	
“What are my options if I stay in Verso with Geo?”  I asked, boldly.
“Vampire or magic?” she asked with a slight shrug.
“If I choose magic, will I age like you have?” I asked.
“Well, I never...” she began.
“No,” I said, hurriedly, realizing too late my question was offensive. “I asked because Geo doesn’t age and you have.”
“What makes ye think I didn’t look like this when he was born?   Not all women give birth in their younger years,” she asked.
“I hadn’t thought of that,” I said, apologetically.
“We must teach ye to use that head before ye use that mouth,” she said with humor.  “In answer to your question, yes, ye will age, but very slowly.”
“Why can’t I have both? Get magic and become a vampire?” I asked.
“You’d become a vampire?” Geo asked as he burst into the room and rushed to my side.
“I couldn’t imagine life without you. Nor do I want to grow old at your side while you don’t age even a minute,” I said with a giggle.
To my surprise, the concept of becoming vampire didn’t bother me as much as I thought it might. After being so hesitant only hours earlier, it seemed odd. I had little time to contemplate the why of it before Geo swept me into his arms and twirled me in the air.  His light-hearted behavior since arriving at Gwendoline’s little cottage was infectious to all but Luthias. His scowl was dark and ominous.
“Becoming a witch and a vampire at the same time can be dangerous,” Luthias said, firmly.
Geo stopped twirling and lowered me to the floor.
“A witch and a vampire at the same time,” Geo said.  “What do you mean?”
“Clearly you didn’t hear her entire statement,” Luthias proceeded.  “She requested being given magic as well as being turned into a vampire.”
“Absolutely not,” Geo bellowed. He released me and stepped back to fully look me in the eye. “It’s rare for a vampire to be able to tolerate magic within them. Most don’t survive.”
“You have,” I said.
“I was born magical and then turned vampire,” he replied.
“Then wait to turn me vampire and give me the magic first,” I said, boldly.
Silence permeated the room for what felt like an eternity. I didn’t realize how tense I was holding my body while I waited for their response until I felt weakened when my muscles relaxed upon hearing Gwendoline’s words.
“She already feels like there’s magic inside her waiting to come out. I believe it can be done,” she said, thoughtfully, “but it must be done with care and patience.  I will bring out her magic and teach her to control it as well as use it.  If she requires more, then I’ll give her more. Then, and only then, will she be ready to become a vampire.”
Geo turned to his mother with a look of concern.
“Can you guarantee this can be done without harming her?” he asked.
“The only thing I can guarantee is that I’ll do my best,” she replied.
“It’s a risk,” Luthias complained.
“A risk I’m willing to take,” I boldly emphasized.
“Why do you want magic?” Geo asked.  “Why not just become my vampire queen?  Isn’t that enough?”
“Look,” I said as my eyes dove into his deep dark ones for emphasis, then into Gwendoline’s pale gray eyes, and finally Luthias’s’ rich blue eyes. “Besides the fact that I’ve always been intrigued by the concept of doing magic, I have an evil vampire king and an equally evil mutant-vampire queen hunting me down. Charles is old and strong and Sybil, although not so old, seems to have a great deal of power in her. I’d be a young vampire with little backing me if I was caught alone by either of them. Being vampire just doesn’t seem enough ammunition to fight them off.   I think... no... I know I need the magic as well.”
“The lass has a point,” Gwendoline said.
“We can protect you,” Geo insisted.
“I have no doubt you can, providing you’re beside me every hour on the hour.  We both know that won’t be the case,” I said, soothingly, as I stroked his arm. “If you’ve learned anything about me by now, you should recognize my independence and need to be self-sufficient. I don’t know how long it will take for Charles or Sybil to cease hunting me.  It could be centuries...”
“That’s true,” Gwendoline interjected.
“I don’t want to spend centuries running in fear or hiding behind you or Luthias for protection,” I explained.  “That would too closely resemble imprisonment to me.”  I turned to Gwendoline and asked, “If I have magic within me, and I happen to be found without their protection, I can at least do something to protect myself, correct?”
“Absolutely,” she said with a proud smile. “In fact, your magic could protect vampires if need be.”
“Then, it’s settled,” I adamantly said.
“Receiving magic into your essence or even pulling it out of you is no walk in the park,” Geo warned.
“I can handle it,” I assured him.
“By the way she weathered my handshake, I believe the lass is right,” Gwendoline said with amusement.
When Geo and Luthias were informed in no uncertain terms that they must leave me alone with Gwendoline, their protests were loud and long.  Gwendoline patiently reminded Geo of his duties to his people and the need to check on their welfare after Charles’s invasion. Luthias was reminded that not only was he Geo’s right-hand man, but his partner, Abigail, would be worried and searching for him.  She assured them she would dome her little cottage with a protective spell to prevent even them from finding us and sent them on their way.
They were barely out of the grove before she performed the spell that shielded us from all eyes. I watched through a hazy wave of energy as Geo and Luthias looked around in search of us. It was clear they saw nothing but trees.
I suddenly felt isolated and lonely.  In my zeal for receiving the gift of magic, I hadn’t thought much about the process involved. In fact, I never even asked. I turned to discover Gwendoline was no longer behind me.  I decided to search her out.  Now was a good a time as any to learn the particulars.
 

CHAPTER FIFTEEN


From start to finish the process of infusing my body’s energy field with magic proved intense. Every two hours, around the clock, I forced down six ounces of thick purplish sludge. If I fell asleep, Gwendoline woke me up to make sure I didn’t miss my dose. She was relentlessly diligent. I thought the taste and texture of her horrific magical concoction would eventually grow on me, but after a full week I still shuddered with each swallow. 
Gwendoline made a point of reminding me how brave and strong I was. She pointed out that very few humans who weren’t born magical are able to withstand the necessary steps to acquire it.  Once again, she mused on the fact that I had magic hidden within me.  She also assured me that step one of drinking the sludge was the worst step.
When, on day number seven she told me I’d forced the last drop of sludge I would ever have to ingest down my throat, I literally did a happy dance.  It not only brought laughter into the room, but it gave me an opportunity to work off some of the pent-up energy I felt within me.
Gwendoline was adept at scrying and was keeping tabs as best she could on Geo’s battle with Charles.  She was unable to see him in her copper water bowl for the last few hours and was concerned. Eager to complete my training so we could go in search of Geo, we immediately went into step two.
The second phase of my training focused on the energy that built up inside me as I’d absorbed the magic. I was clumsy at first, especially when I was asked to project energy beams from my hands with enough force to sever branches from trees or demolish boulders.  I suffered a few burns on my palms before I finally got the hang of it.  
With each level of training I found the lessons came to me easier and easier. Gwendoline declared me a natural.  She enthusiastically taught me even more than someone new to magic would be able to handle.  While she focused mainly on the do’s and don’ts of witchcraft, she occasionally slipped in a bit of vampire information to help round out the lesson plan. After all, it was our intention to go to battle the outsider vampires on Geo’s behalf as soon as I was ready to face them. It made sense that I learn what I could about the enemy first.
The sludge was replaced with an aromatic tea that gave my energy level an added boost every time I drank it.  Gwendoline explained how using large amounts of magic could easily deplete a witch’s energy force, like it did a vampire’s. It was necessary to replenish it with the special herbal tea. It was something all witches had to do; even her.
I told her about Luthias’s statement of how the exertion of our escape required he replenish and asked if he also drank a tea. She gave a full bellied laugh. When she pointed out that my vampire friend had to drink the obvious blood to replenish himself, I felt more than a little foolish.  I recovered some of my dignity by explaining how since neither Geo or Luthias behaved in a manner one would expect a vampire to behave, I forgot they were vampires more often than not.
I worried that my two rescuers might be no match for the power of my evil husband and equally evil pseudo mother. Geo and Luthias were caring, gentle, and loving.  Could they muster what was needed to defeat the evilness of my two wicked pursuers? I expressed my concern to Gwendoline.  She assured me that both Geo and Luthias were warriors, but then confided her concern that whether they defeated Charles and Sybil would depend upon the strength and devotion of their Verso followers. They couldn’t battle armies alone. Her greatest fear was whether the number of trained Verso warriors would be sufficient to push back two armies of invaders.  
The barriers of Verso had never before been broken.  That in itself was a worry that needed to be addressed. She suspected magic was behind it, but which of the two wicked foes had the magician she couldn’t say.
I mastered the art of energy maneuvering with surprising speed and skill.  We were about to begin my lessons on using herbs for spells when Gwendoline’s attention was pulled to the perimeter of our barrier. I followed her outside and peered through the hazy energy field. I could see a tall, slender blonde man limping toward us in the distance, but I couldn’t make out his features.
“‘Tis Luthias,” Gwendoline said, worriedly, between pursed lips.
“Is he hurt?” I asked.
“It appears so,” she said as she strained to scope the area around him.  “I don’t see anyone with him.”
“Will you let him in?” I anxiously asked.
“Aye,” she said with a sigh. “Your lessons will have to wait, lass.  I have a feeling we’ll be going to battle earlier than expected.  ‘Tis lucky ye are such a fine student.”  She cupped my chin with her gnarled fingers affectionately. “I believe I will let ye remove the barrier.”
“But... I didn’t create it,” I said, hesitantly.
“Whoever breached the Verso barrier didn’t put that up either.  ‘Twas me who created that.  Whoa to the one who took it down when I find out who did it.  Now, take the barrier down and be quick about it,” she snapped.
As Gwendoline headed toward Luthias, I took a deep breath and extended my hands.  As I uttered with as much of a brogue as I could manage the words “Amach an bac go surrounds dúinn go léir a ghlacadh mé sibh sios anois a dhéanamh titim ye” over and over again, I could see the energy wavering, but not breaking.  Determined to succeed, I grew bolder with emphasis as I continued to repeat the words.  Gwendoline had almost reached the edge of the barrier where Luthias huddled in obvious pain before the wall finally fell away. Although excited to have accomplished something many experienced witches couldn’t manage, I was completely spent and barely able to make my way into the cottage to have a cup of the ever-available replenishing tea.
I quickly downed the hot liquid and then rushed back out to help Gwendoline. Luthias’s body was coated in blood, but I couldn’t tell if it was his or someone else’s. Gwendoline had his arm draped around her shoulder.  It was clear she was having difficulty supporting his bulk.  I ran to drape his other arm around my shoulder to help ease her burden. Between the two of us, we managed to get him into the small medical room she kept in the back of the cottage. My mentor wasn’t only the Verso Witch. She was also the local witch doctor.
From all I read in books or seen in movies about vampires, I was given the impression they healed almost immediately from their wounds. Yet, Luthias looked to be fading rather than recovering.
“What’s wrong with him?” I asked. “I thought vampires could heal almost immediately.”
“They can from most wounds except bites from other vampires or werewolves.  This is his blood, lass,” she said with disgust. “They stuck him so full of holes, it’s a wonder he didn’t bleed dry.”
“Werewolves really exist?” I said aloud. 
When she didn’t respond to my insensitive babbling, I clamped my mouth shut. I emitted a loud gasp after inspecting him more closely, but said nothing more.
Luthias lay frighteningly still on the table.  He looked a shell of the vibrant vampire who helped me escape the clutches of my evil groom just a few weeks earlier. It seemed surreal. I asked Gwendoline for a task to perform. I felt antsy, worried, and despondent. I needed to keep busy.
My wise mentor set me to task cutting off Luthias’s clothes and cleaning the blood from his gaping wounds.  I became so overcome with trying to grasp how anyone -be they human or vampire- could survive that many wounds and blood loss and still manage to travel to find us that all else fled my thoughts.  
As I carefully washed a myriad of wounds clean of blood and the debris that attached itself to the wounds during his struggle to reach us, I couldn’t help being reminded of the blood soaked and bullet ridden body of my mother as she lay limp on the field that fateful day.  I wondered if anyone cleaned her up like I did Luthias. The pain of losing her still hovered deep within me. 
Luthias groaned and raised his hand to his head.  Gwendoline was at his side in a flash.  She lifted him into a position that allowed him to easily drink the liquid she held to his lips and then lowered him back down again.
“This will help him regain a bit of his strength, but he’ll still need blood,” she said. She went to a tall refrigerator in the corner of the room and inspected its contents. “I doubt I have enough to bring him back to normal.”
“How much do you need?” I asked.
“He’s almost bled dry,” she said.  “I have enough to keep him alive, but not much more than that.”
I bit my lower lip while I watched Gwendoline pull every bag of blood she had in her supplies and place them on a tea cart to roll next to the table.  She emptied the first bag into a glass and urged him to drink.  He weakly obliged. By the time she’d fed him the last bag, the hollow around his sunken eyes was beginning to disappear and his wounds were starting to shrink.
I pointed this out to Gwendoline and she gave a faint smile. 
“If he has more blood will they heal completely?” I asked.
“Within seconds,” she said.
“Where does he usually get his blood?” I asked, hesitantly.
“He hunts deer or wolf. Large animals are generally the best,” she replied.
“No humans,” I mused, admiringly.
“Verso vampires refrain from drinking human blood whenever possible.  The risk of developing an addiction is too great,” she explained. “We live peacefully amongst ourselves and rarely venture out into the rawness of what’s left of our planet. An addiction to human blood would require they leave Verso.”
“There are some who drink it,” I said.  “A maid told me humans don’t last long in Verso because rogue vampires drink their blood until they’re dead.”
“That’s true,” she said with a nod. “It takes a strong vampire to be able to stop drinking a human’s blood before they drain them dry. In my centuries of life, I’ve known of only a few who could do it.”
“Is it the magic that keeps you alive?” I asked.
“Indeed,” she replied with pride. “As it will ye.”
“I plan on becoming a vampire,” I reminded her.
“Yes, but until ye do, the magic will slow down the aging process,” she explained. “There’s no need to rush things.”
“How old was Geo when he was turned?” I asked while I mindlessly stroked the length Luthias’s arm.
“He was twenty-eight. He had a wife and three children, poor lad,” she said.
 “I never thought about him having a family,” I gasped. “What happened to them?”
“They were killed by the raiding vampires. Geo was saved because of the strong magic in his veins.  Luthias found him and brought him to me to tend to.  He looked much like Luthias does now,” she said.
“When did Luthias turn vampire?” I asked.
“It was a few years later,” she said, thoughtfully. “The lad actually requested Geo turn him.  They were always an inseparable pair,” she said with a chuckle.
“How did Geo turn him?” I asked hesitantly, knowing the same would happen to me.
“He bit him and gave him his venom,” she said.
“He stopped in time,” I mused.
“Geo is one of the few who can do it,” she replied. “He’ll be the one to turn you when the time comes.”
“Is it painful?” I asked.
“Very,” Luthias interjected, weakly.
“Luthias!” I exclaimed. 
Before I realized my actions, I was hugging him and kissing his cheeks while declaring how relieved I was that he was still alive. Gwendoline looked on with piercing eyes and raised eyebrows, but said nothing.
Luthias smiled warmly at me. I could see the love he had for me in his eyes as they grew less hazy and more alert. Deep within me I knew my behavior wasn’t making matters easier, but I just couldn’t stop myself.  I alternated between burying my face into his neck and kissing his cheek while whispering over and over again how afraid I was of losing him.
Whether he remembered Gwendoline was in the room and just didn’t care, I have no idea. I know I didn’t remember her at all when Luthias pulled me closer for the slow, sensuous kiss he surprised me with. I bathed in its bliss, coming back to reality and realizing what I we’d done only after he released me.
I gasped with mortification over my own actions and sat back with a jerk. I searched the room for my lover’s mother and found her stoically standing on the opposite side of the room.  Her eyes met mine, but I couldn’t tell what she was thinking.  She’d taught me to use my abilities to pick up on thoughts, but she’d blocked all her thoughts from me.
Luthias tugged at my arm.
“I know you love me,” he whispered. “You’re just afraid to admit it.”
“I... I love you, but not like that,” I whispered back. “I’m so sorry.”
“You’re only fooling yourself,” he continued.
“Please,” I begged.
He waved his hand in the air, as if to dismiss the topic and smiled weakly.
“I’m too weak to debate this with you, my lovely,” he said in a soft, sultry voice that made my skin tingle.
I quickly excused myself and fled the room. I wasn’t only mortified by my actions in front of the mother of the vampire I professed to love, but I was confused about my reaction to Luthias’s kiss.  Even his voice got a response from me that took me by surprise.  How could I love one, but react so wantonly to another? I wasn’t so naïve to believe it was vampire pheromones behind my actions. They may have played a part in it, but I knew it my heart it was more than that. Maybe Sybil was right when she said I didn’t know what love was.
I sat in the rocker on the front porch pondering who I was, what I’d become, and what was to become of me.  I was so engrossed in thought that I didn’t notice Gwendoline standing near me until she spoke.
“We have a little dilemma, lass,” she said, softly.
“I didn’t mean to start something,” I said, apologetically, “I don’t know what happened in there.  I love Geo, truly I do.”
She nimbly lowered herself onto the stoop at my feet and affectionately patted my knees.
“Vampires emit pheromones that humans find irresistible. It draws them like bees to honey. If the vampire happens to be handsome and kind like Geo or Luthias are, it only serves to enhance the attraction. When fluid is exchanged –be it blood, saliva, or semen– a bond is formed that is very difficult to break on both sides.  It’s a mystery why this happens, but it does,” she said.
“Are you saying I only think I love Geo because we had sex?”  I asked.
“Ye had sex?”  she gasped.
I could feel my face reddening and looked away.
“I didn’t mean to embarrass ye,” she said, compassionately. “I’m just surprised. Geo has a set of rules he’s lived by since he lost his wife and children and became a vampire.  I’ve not known him to break them.  If he had sex with ye, believe me, he’s serious about ye.” 
“I...,” I gulped guiltily. “I initiated it.”
“He’s an old vampire with the power and sense to resist.  Yet, he bedded ye,” she said.
“More than once,” I added, although I don’t know why. 
Discussing sex in this way was so foreign to me, yet it felt natural and acceptable. On more than one occasion Gwendoline emphasized the fact that sex between male and female was a necessary and natural part of maintaining the existence of a species and she disliked the way so many were raised to speak of it in hushed tones. That was one trait of the vampire that she admired. They were comfortable with their highly sexual inclinations.
She heaved a sigh.  “This is heart breaking.”
“That he loves me?” I gasped.
“Listen, lass,” she said as she grabbed my hand in hers. “I haven’t been able to see Geo for a day now.  There are only two reasons this could be.  One... he’s dead.” My gasp of dismay stopped her briefly, but then she continued. “The other reason would be because he is shielded by magic similar to the way I shielded this cottage.  We can hope the second is the reason.”
“Is there no way of telling?” I asked, although I was sure I already knew the answer.
She slowly shook her head. 
“My magic is very old and very strong.  I know of no witch able to block me,” she whispered.  The pain on her face was the pain of a mother who had lost her child.  It was clear she believed him dead. I did my best to be strong and hold back the tears threatening to flood my cheeks as I reacted to the news.  It felt like a knife was cutting me to pieces from the inside out. “Until we know for sure what’s wrong,” she continued, “there’s no need to get so upset. Not yet, anyway.  What we do need to do is to be realistic.  If Geo is... dead... then ye will need a new protector and vampire to change ye, should ye still wish to change.”
“What?” I asked, incredulously.
“Prince Vogel will be relentless in getting ye back. I know very little about Sybil, but from what I’ve heard, I imagine her pride will force her to be the same. Ye will need vampire protection,” she explained.
“You can protect me,” I said.
“Alas, my lovely lass,” she said softly, “Geo’s magic was combining with mine to keep my magic as strong as it is. Once he is gone, my magic will slowly weaken.  Whoever is working magic for them was able to break through my shield.  This makes this magician my equal. If I weaken, I will be no help against someone like that.”
“Is it fading now?” I asked eagerly. “If it’s not fading then he’s still alive.”
“Ye misunderstand me. ‘Twould take years for the magic to leave me,” she explained.  “The hunt could last long after that. They won’t cease looking for ye until ye are captured or dead.”
I sank deep into the rocker and rested my chin on my chest.  I felt deflated and defeated.
“Luthias can protect ye once he’s back to his old self,” she said.  “He carries a bit of the magic just like Geo.  ‘Tis in our blood.”
“I don’t understand,” I said.  “Is Luthias your son too?”
“He’s my sister’s first born,” she said with a weak, almost forced smile.
“They’re cousins,” I gasped.  “They never said.”
“Luthias prefers not to speak of it, since his mama died giving birth to him and he blames himself,” she explained.  “His father was ill equipped to care for him.  Since I was already a widowed mother, I took the boy in and raised him as my own.  He and Geo were born two years apart.  Ye can imagine the job it was raising those two scallywags.  I love him as if he came straight from my womb.”
“Luthias must be torn to pieces over Geo and me,” I mused without realizing I was speaking aloud.
“I’m sure he is,” she said. “I’ve never known those two to love the same woman since they turned vampire.  ‘Tis bound to cause a clash that would best be avoided.” She leaned forward and looked me in the eye. “I love my boys more than life itself. They are the reason I keep the magic alive in me.  I’ve grown fond of ye as well, lass, over a very short period of time.  I already look upon ye as my daughter, which is why I’m looking ahead for your welfare.  If Luthias dies due to lack of the nutrients only blood can provide and Geo is already dead, my magic will weaken and you’ll be alone. Geo left ye in my care and I take that very seriously.  We need honor him and look ahead.”
“How?” I asked with confusion.
“I’m going to ask ye to give some of your blood to Luthias,” she said.
“Of course,” I said eagerly as I leaped from the rocker.
“Not so fast, lass,” she spouted. “It’s not just the risk of a vampire getting addicted to human blood that keeps Verso vampires from drinking it. It wouldn’t be right not to warn ye of what is to come once he feeds on your blood first. Ye also need to know what to expect if, in his befuddled state he accidentally gives ye his venom and turns ye into a vampire.”
“Oh,” I said.
My heart skipped a beat while I waited to hear what she had to say. What would happen to me if I gave blood to Luthias? She said he could turn me in place of Geo so surely, he wouldn’t drain me of all of my blood. What if he accidentally turned me vampire. Wasn’t I ready?  I already had magic in me.  What else did I need to be warned about? 
 “Remember I said when bodily fluids are shared with a vampire a connection on both sides is formed? When a vampire feeds on a human, an even stronger bond is formed between them.  The vampire will always know the human’s whereabouts and activities and will be able to summon the human at will.  The human becomes a sort of property of the vampire. It’s a bond between the human and the vampire that only the vampire can break.  This bond happens when a vampire turns a human into a vampire as well,” she said.
“Forever?” I asked.
“Yes,” she replied, “Unless the vampire releases the human or the vampire he created willingly, they are bonded forever.” She looked away into the distance. “This is my concern, since Luthias is clearly in love with ye. Whether he simply feeds on ye or gives ye venom and turns ye, I can’t see him releasing ye from your bond to him willingly.  That would be fine if Geo is actually dead and ye thought ye could love Luthias back.”
A long silence hovered between us until I finally spoke.
“Sybil said I don’t know the meaning of love,” I began. “I wonder if she might be right. I’d be lying if I denied feelings of some sort that flutter inside me whenever I’m around Luthias, but they don’t compare with the powerful desire and actual lust that overtakes me whenever I set eyes on Geo.  Are lust and love the same? I’m sure they aren’t, but that’s the most powerful force that draws me to him. As for security... in truth I feel just as safe with Luthias as I do with Geo.  So, do I know the meaning of love?  Am I even able to really love?  I question that.”
She stroked her chin in silence for a while and then turned to look directly at me.
“Tell me exactly how ye felt when ye thought Luthias was dying,” she said.
“I felt so very sad, and maybe a little panicked. I felt like I was losing my best friend and I couldn’t imagine how life would be without him,” I explained.
“What about when I told ye Geo might be dead?” she continued.  “I know ye cried, but I saw tears for Luthias as well.  What else did ye feel?”
“I felt a searing pain inside me.  It’s like someone was cutting my heart right out of my chest,” I said with a shudder. “I wanted to die right along with him.”
“Ye know love, lass,” she said gently, “and ye know it on all levels.”
“What are you saying?” I asked.
“I’m saying that ye love both of my sons,” she replied. “Ye just love one more than the other.”
“That’s so wrong,” I moaned as I covered my face with my hands.
“It’s not wrong or uncommon to love more than one person,” she soothed.
“I can only have one and only one can have me,” I replied.
“This is true, especially with my boys.  Sadly, lass, one could be all that’s left,” she said. “Luthias will recover whether ye give him your blood or not. I’ll make certain of it, even if I have to give him my own. When he does, if ye haven’t given him some sign that ye are receptive to his declaration of love, he’ll more than likely return to Abigail.  If that happens and Geo is really dead, you’ll have no one.  If I know Abigail, she won’t stand for Luthias being your protector.” She shook her head and almost growled, “I hate the thought of it.” 
“Abigail,” I gasped. “I forgot about her.”  I thought for a minute before asking, “I thought she and Luthias were a couple. Didn’t you say they’ve been together for centuries?”
“Indeed, they have, “she agreed, “but he’s never said he loved her.” She moved close to me. “Listen to me. Luthias and Geo may seem very different and, in many ways, they are, but they’re alike in ways too... the important ways. If there is one thing I know, it’s that my boys would never profess love unless they truly felt it. ‘Tis the first I’ve heard it come from either of their lips in centuries, and never for the same woman. I thought ye must be really special when Geo brought ye to me, but, after getting to know ye, I’m sure ye are.  There’s nothing I’d love more than to have ye marry my Geo, but if he is no more, then giving ye to Luthias surely pleases me. If ye help speed his recovery by feeding him your blood, that’s exactly what will happen.”
“What about Abigail?” I asked. “She’s Luthias’s lover.  Did he make her?”
“Geo made her,” she replied. “Luthias hasn’t the talent for it like Geo. If he made you, you’d be the first. I’d only ask him to do it in a pinch and then only with my supervision.”
“So, Abigail is bonded to Geo?” I practically screeched.
“He released her shortly after he made her, as he does with all the vampires he creates,” Gwendoline said proudly. “Geo only makes a vampire if the human requests becoming one and has good reason to do so. Like Luthias did or if the human is on death’s door and it’s the only way to save him.  Even so, Geo asks what the sickly human wants and if the human selects death Geo honors that.”
“How many vampires has Geo created?” I asked.
“He’s been alive for centuries, lass,” she reminded me.
“If he makes me a vampire, will he release me too?” I asked.
“I can’t say, but I doubt it since he covets ye for his mate,” she replied.
“I see,” I said.
“‘Tis no sense thinking of what will probably never happen. I can’t see him anymore,” she said sadly.  With a heavy sigh she continued, “So, lass. This brings us back to the son I can see with my own two eyes and what to do about him.  All I ask is that ye think long and hard before ye do something that only my love-struck son who covets ye as much as Geo can undo.  I fear ‘twill be permanent.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN


I needed time to think.   
I could understand Gwendoline’s desire to see both of her son’s happy; and she clearly considered Luthias her son. I could even see the logic in her thinking. I found Luthias ridiculously good looking, irresistibly charismatic, and I admittedly felt something for him. Since he’d already declared his love for me, it was a good start.  I also wanted the protection he and Gwendoline could provide until we could figure out a way to get Charles and Sybil to stop hunting me.  So, why did I hesitate?
Geo.
Someone magical broke through the shield around Verso. What if that same magic person put a magical shield around Geo for whatever reason? It could be what happened. Gwendoline said the possibility was so herself.  Just because Gwendoline hadn’t met a witch equal to her in power and abilities didn’t mean one didn’t exist. What if that was exactly what was going on? What if, when this nightmare was over, Geo came back to me?  How would I feel knowing I was bonded to Luthias?  How would he feel seeing me with Luthias? Would he steal me from Luthias like he stole me from Charles?  Knowing my feelings for Geo, I was sure I’d go willingly. They were far too powerful to ignore or fade quickly, no matter who else I opened my heart to. What would that do to them?  Could I live with myself knowing I was the cause of dividing cousins who were raised like brothers? Could I look at myself in the mirror knowing I’d crushed Luthias in that way?
I openly expressed these concerns to Gwendoline.  Although her ego was bruised when she discovered I entertained the possibility of another witch being her equal, she accepted my words with grace and reinforced the possibility.
I asked how long I had to think about it before Luthias sank back into the danger zone. She shrugged her shoulders and told me to take my time and think long and hard because there was no turning back. In the meantime, she was going to see if she could trap a deer or wolf for him to feed on.  
She didn’t sound or look very confident as she gathered what she would need for her quest, but she left just the same without pressuring me. I went to Luthias and pulled up a chair to sit beside him.  He looked weak and his eyes were once again sinking into his sockets. My mind struggled on what to do.
“Hello, my lovely,” he said, weakly.  “Did you come to give me another of your sweet kisses?”
“You shouldn’t talk like that,” I scolded, lightly. “What about Geo?”
“Oh, I know he loves you deeply,” Luthias said. “He may even love you more than me. If he does it’s not by much and its only because you physically bonded. I question what would happen if you and I made love as well.” 
I sucked in air at his comment, but said nothing. What could I say?  Hadn’t I wondered more than once what making love to him would be like? It may have been for a different reason, but the thought happened all the same.  Acting shocked by his statement would be hypocritical.
“I’ve had time to think about things, my beautiful princess,” he continued.  “I’d never be so low as to try to steal you from Geo. The sad fact is that I question if he made it out of that last battle. They came with magic far more powerful than we had available to us without Gwendoline at our side. So many were slaughtered. Geo was next to me when they shot us with fireballs. He pulled me from the pack of sadistic vampires that did this to me.  We were about to make our escape by way of the river -like we did with you- when I was knocked off the wall with a magician’s fireball. I fell into the river and was swept downstream. I came out not far from where we surfaced during our escape with you, so I made my way here.  I think if he survived he’d be here by now.”
“Gwendoline thinks he’s dead,” I said with a heavy heart.
“Does she now?”  he asked with interest. “I find that surprising. I would think she’d hold on to hope a bit longer.  She must be sensing something.”
“She can’t see him in the copper bowl anymore,” I explained.
“I see,” he said, weakly.  “She must be dying inside over the loss.  He was her world.”
“So are you,” I offered.
“No,” he said with a raspy voice.  “She raised me, but I’m not her son.”
“She looks upon you as one,” I said. “She just finished telling me so.”
“That pleases me greatly,” he said with a weak smile. “I can’t thank you enough for letting me know.  I’ll do my utmost best to live up to the honor,” he said as he feebly placed his hand over his heart.  After a brief moment of silence, he asked, “Where is she?”
“She’s trying to trap something for you to feed on,” I said.
He laughed and moaned about the effort of laughing at the same time while he explained what a poor hunter the mighty witch actually was. For emphasis, he added small humorous tales about her attempts over the years.
It certainly lightened our moods.
I was so engrossed in the pleasure of his story telling that I didn’t notice how poorly Luthias was doing until he stopped talking, started breathing laboriously, and quickly lost consciousness. I struggled to revive him, but got no response. Fear of losing him for real consumed me. I couldn’t lose both Geo and Luthias.  I just couldn’t let that happen.
I ran out onto the porch and searched for signs of Gwendoline. I stood perfectly still and willed my mind to connect with hers.  I was too worked up to manage it.  Adrenaline surged through my veins as I panicked over what to do.
I ran back to Luthias’s side. He was scary weak. Without hesitation, I shoved my neck against his lax mouth and insisted he feed.
Nothing happened.
I shook him, vigorously, and shouted demands that he feed from me while slapping his cheek so hard that my hand went numb, but got nowhere.
Out of sheer desperation, I grabbed a blade from the nearby surgeon’s tray and quickly sliced my wrist. I held it against his mouth while my blood flowed freely into it.  It wasn’t long before his teeth secured my wrist into position and he was greedily feeding on my blood. 
My mind whirled while I felt the blood being sucked from my body. It was an eerie sensation. When should I tell him to stop? Vanessa mentioned humans didn’t make it in Verso because the vampires drained them of their blood.  Would I be able to stop him before he drained me completely without Gwendoline’s help to stop him? In my panic over the possibility of losing Luthias, I really hadn’t thought things through.
As I grew progressively weaker, I knew I’d reached a risky point.  I pulled at my wrist, but he gripped it with such force it wouldn’t budge. It was then that I realized I was at serious risk of him drinking every last drop of the blood in my body. He may have incredible self-control under normal conditions, but these were not normal conditions.  In my frenzy to save his life, I’d forfeited my own.
I felt my flesh tear where he sank his teeth into my wrist when Gwendoline’s strong hands freed it from his grip.  My legs went one way and my torso went the other as she shoved me aside with surprising might and I tumbled to the floor.  I placed the hem of my tee shirt over my wound to try to stop the blood flow, but stayed put while I watched with a mixture of awe and fear as Luthias raised his body from the table and searched the room for his food source.  He was clearly not done feeding. 
I studied his face closely.  His fangs were extended to their fullest. They looked strong and formidable. His beautiful blue eyes had a ring of red around them that actually glowed.  Other than that, he looked pretty much the same. I thought about the gruesome changes that happened to vampires in movies and shook my head. Anything for entertainment, I guess. 
So, now I knew what I’d look like if I became a vampire. It wasn’t so bad.  
I was unable to hear the words Gwendoline said to him as she pushed him back down onto the table.  Whatever they were, he immediately calmed down.  She went over his body checking for signs of its complete healing.  When satisfied, she turned to me and held her hand out to help me up.
I took it gratefully.
After she saw to bandaging my wrist and I changed into a clean shirt, I followed her out onto the porch where she produced a second rocker and placed it next to the one I occupied earlier. Neither of us spoke as we positioned ourselves in a rocker to face the setting sun.  Its brilliant orange and yellow fell slowly behind the mountain, leaving us to enjoy the peaceful chill of the onset of another fall night.
“The seasons are so pronounced here,” I mused while I rocked steadily.
“‘Tis as it was before the war,” she said.
“I wish I’d lived then,” I sighed.
“Stay in Verso and ‘twill be like ye are. Nothing changes here unless ye want it to,” she said soothingly. “Ye probably noticed that in Geo’s palace.”
I mentioned that Sybil’s palace was a mixture of eras as well and she grunted.  After a brief silence she explained that those who were turned before the war often tried to keep the era of their humanity around them. For her, there were parts of every era she enjoyed so she mixed them up.  She couldn’t speak for the mutant-vampires, but since some of them were once normal vampires she guessed it was probably the same with them.
Silenced reign again for a considerable period of time. It was only broken when Luthias stepped out onto the porch. I was elated to see him move and look like the Luthias I’d come to know and love.
“So here’s where I find the two most important females in my life,” he said with that sultry vampire chuckle that could drive me crazy if I allowed it to. “I felt abandoned.”
He slid behind Gwendoline’s chair and wrapped his arms around her shoulders.  She leaned back into him with a sad smile.
“He might still be alive,” Luthias said, sympathetically.
“Maybe, maybe not,” she said with obvious false bravado.  “‘Tis difficult to tell.”
“I’m going to go look for him,” Luthias assured her.
“You’ll do no such thing,” she barked. “Your brother left this lass in my care and I need your help.  Whether he’s alive or dead there’s one thing for sure, he’d want us to take proper care of her.”
“I can take care of myself,” I lied.  “If you think he’s alive you need to help him.”
“Stop it,” Gwendoline snapped. “I’ll hear no more.” She stood up and patted Luthias’s hand. “Now that I know ye are fine I’ll take my leave.  I need to be alone for a while to grieve for my son.”
“Gwendoline,” I choked.
“Enough,” she said.  “I’ll see ye in the morning.” As an afterthought, she turned and said to Luthias, “Now that you’re back to your old self ye can make yourself useful and heal the lass’s wrist.” 
I felt helpless to do anything as I watched the woman I’d come to love in a very short period of time step off the porch and start across the grove.  My eyes never left her slumped figure until I could see her no more.
“That’s so sad,” I half choked, half sighed.
“I need to go look for him,” he insisted.
I was torn over what to do. I wanted nothing more than to have Geo back with me, but I was also able to tap into the fear Gwendoline held within her over the possibility of Luthias not being lucky enough to escape fate twice. She truly loved both equally. How does a mother forfeit one son on the off chance he can rescue the other? She needed time to get over the trauma of almost losing Luthias before she was asked to take that risk again. I stood up and moved toward him.  He was a good foot taller than me, but I still managed to look him in the eye and relay the feeling behind my words.
“I know you want him back, as do I,” I said quietly. “I can think of no greater gift for Gwendoline than if you were to bring him back to her, but is it wise to ignore her wishes when she’s in such obvious pain?  She asked us to stay put.  Shouldn’t you wait at least until the morning and see how she’s doing then?”
“I don’t do it solely for her,” he said. “I know your heart breaks for him.”
“I let you feed from me,” I said, softly.
“I love you too much to force you to be with me,” he replied. “If Geo lives, I’ll release you.”
“How can you love me like that?” I asked. “We barely know each other. We’ve only kissed once and you were half dead at the time.”
“Why did you risk your life to save mine?” he asked.  “I could have killed you.”
“I’m not sure,” I said, nervously.
“I know,” he said with conviction. “When there’s a connection you don’t need time. It hooks you immediately.  That’s what happened with us. I may have felt it first, but I know you feel it now.”
“Geo said the same thing,” I mused.  Realizing he was confused, I added, “About the connection being instant, I mean.”
He pulled me close and lowered his lips to mine. His kiss was tender, yet passionate.  It told me so much more about what was going on inside him than words could ever say.  My heart ached from the emotion he relayed.  He was telling the truth. He loved me.
When he released me, he looked deep into my eyes.
“I didn’t kiss you because I fed from you.  I kissed you because I love you.  I love you so very much,” he said with heartfelt emotion. “I long to hear the same come from your sweet lips, but I won’t force you. I want you to want me and I don’t believe that will happen as long as there’s one spark of hope that Geo will return.  I need to find out for sure for all of us, not just for Gwendoline.”
“What if he’s alive?” I asked, hesitantly.
“I’ll release you, as promised, and we’ll have to see who you love most,” he replied. “I promise I won’t hold you to the bond.  I believe you love me enough that I won’t have to.  If he’s alive, rest assured I’ll find him.”
“Can you slow down just a little?” I asked. I was beginning to feel trapped and panicked. “Can you at lease wait until the morning? I want to know for sure what happened to Geo just as much as you do, but right now we need to honor the request of a grieving mother.”
“I don’t understand why she’d want to wait. I’d think she’d want me to find him,” he said.
“You really don’t understand how much she loves you, do you?” I whispered.
He looked at me with confused silence. It was clear he didn’t.
“Please. Don’t get me wrong. I do care for you and... and love you in a way, but if it was up to me I’d be sending you off right away to find him.  I respect Gwendoline too much to upset her. She came close to losing both her sons today. It clearly surprises you, but I told you she loves you just as much as she does Geo. I’m sure the thought of losing you along with him was devastating. So what if she’s using me as an excuse to keep you out of harm’s way.  Can you blame her?  Let’s understand the fear she’s harboring and give her a little time, shall we?  I’m sure once she’s recovered from the trauma of the day she’ll be hustling you off to rescue Geo,” I said.
“You are truly wise for your years, my lovely,” he cooed. 
“I just put myself in her shoes.  I know how I felt when I thought I’d lost you both.  I can only imagine what she went through,” I replied.  “Plus, she taught me how to use my abilities to sense people’s emotions and thoughts,” I giggled impishly while he smiled appreciatively.  “As for who I love more... can we put that thought on hold for a while? I feel a little weak from the loss of blood and overwhelmed by all that’s happened.”
He immediately apologized for causing me distress and taking too much blood, after which he removed my bandage, pierced his finger with his canine tooth and rubbed his blood on my wounds. They disappeared almost immediately.  Awestruck, I thanked him profusely.  
We remained in silence after that for a considerable amount of time before he agreed to search for Geo only after he received the go ahead from Gwendoline. Completely exhausted, I begged my leave and told him I’d see him in the morning. I had an evening of heavy thinking to do and I needed to be alone to do it.
To my shock and surprise, Luthias insisted on retiring with me.  I worried about how my fickle body would be able to resist the accentuated pull his pheromones now had since he fed on me, but he assured me all would be fine. He waited for me to crawl beneath the covers before stretching out beside me and pulling my head into the crook of his armpit.
Emotions whirled within me. It felt like this was right.  I belonged lying next to Luthias and snuggling deep into him.  Yet, this was wrong. I was in love with Geo and I should not be lying with anyone but him; especially since Gwendoline made Geo’s views on monogamy quite clear. I realized the feeling of rightness could have easily been instigated by the connection created when Luthias fed on me, but deep inside I had to be honest and admit that a part of me would have liked it even without that vampire bond.  It was time to admit that if Geo wasn’t in the picture, Luthias would have had me body and soul.
But, Geo was still in the picture... wasn’t he?
Luthias was right.  We needed to find out.
As I expected, my body betrayed me. Lying next to Luthias caused my senses to soar to heights I didn’t know they could reach.  My hands explored his body in the most intimate way. He did nothing to stop me, but also didn’t reciprocate. I heard an occasional moan of pleasure escape his lips when I caressed an area of intimacy, but other than that he was unresponsive.
“You said you loved me,” I whispered softly into the darkness.
“I do,” he replied in that sultry vampire voice.
“How can you love me and not want to make love to me?” I practically whined.
“What makes you think I don’t want to make love to you?” he asked.
“Are you serious?” I said as I sat up to try to get a better look at him in the darkness.
 He grabbed me and gently pulled me back to him.  His flesh was exceedingly warm with desire as he kissed me long and hard. I could barely stand the torment of having him so near, yet not having him fully.
“Please make love to me,” I begged.
“You don’t mean that,” he whispered. “It’s the connection. It’s stronger than I realized it would be.”
“Why are you torturing me?” I moaned, despondently.
“I don’t want you to wake up in the morning with regrets,” he whispered.
I felt exasperated.
“Why did you come into my bed?” I said as I pulled away from him like a spoiled child who didn’t get her way.
“It wasn’t for this,” he assured me.  “I didn’t want to leave you alone.  I have no idea if I was followed here.”
I was chagrined by my behavior. 
His connection to me was so great it was as if he felt what I was feeling. He assured me he hadn’t intended on causing me embarrassment and unease, nor had he planned on seducing me.  He just wanted me to be safe. He also made it perfectly clear through words and actions that he wanted nothing more than to make love to me, but felt that, under the circumstances, he’d be taking advantage of the situation.  He wanted our first time together to be because I truly wanted it and not because I was influenced by a vampire bond.
His belief that my forwardness was the influence of the combination of his vampire pheromones and the bond his feeding on me formed eased my guilt over being unfaithful to Geo. Unfortunately, it didn’t subdue the hormones running wild in my body.  My mind may have been satiated, but my body certainly wasn’t.  
I rolled away from him.  Perhaps if I put a little space between us my body would relax and give me some peace.
“Is it really that difficult?” he asked.
“Don’t you feel it?” I asked with surprise.
“Of course,” he replied, “but I won’t act on it unless you truly want me to.”
“That famous Verso self-control,” I pouted.
“We do try,” he chuckled.
“I don’t know how you can stand it,” I said.  “I find it overwhelming.”
“I love you too much to succumb to the temptation,” he assured me.
“I wish you would,” I whispered.
“What?” he said with surprise. 
“I wish you’d stop playing the martyr and putting the decision on me,” I explained. “If you just took me then I know I wouldn’t feel as guilty about it because it was out of my control.”
“I won’t be the cause of your guilt over being unfaithful to Geo and the sorrow that would accompany it,” he said firmly. “Even if it was out of your control, we both know you’d enjoy it and that pleasure would cause you regret in the morning.”
“How do you know that?” I practically hissed out of frustration. “Are you a mind reading vampire?”
“I’m simply a vampire in love who also happens to be an adept lover,” he said in a tone that sent ripples of delight up and down my body.
I rolled over to face him. Something had to be done to ease the mounting sexual tension between us, but if he wasn’t willing to make the move or submit to my advances I had no idea what. My eyes were growing more accustomed to the lack of lighting, so I could see enough of his face to know he was looking right at me.  Could he see me?
“Can you see me well?” I asked.
“It’s a vampire trait,” he said with a low sultry chuckle. “We’re naturally nocturnal.”
“I didn’t know,” I said, thoughtfully.  “So, when we were going through that dark, narrow tunnel everyone except me could see?” 
“Yes,” he replied as he pushed a few strands of hair away from my face with his slender, well-manicured fingers.
“Do mutant-vampires have the same traits as vampires or do they lose them?” I asked.
“Geo has spent far more time in their company than I, since I was assigned to infiltrate Charles’s kingdom, but it’s my understanding they have the same traits as vampires.  The difference is that they prefer eating flesh over drinking blood to obtain the nutrients they require for regeneration after exertion,” he explained.  “A vampire has many of the same traits as a human.  We can eat food alongside a human, but in small amounts and never flesh.  We dine on grains, fruits, and vegetables. We drink water, tea, alcohol, and juices.  Our emotions are more magnified and intense and we live far longer, but really we are quite similar.”
“Geo fed me the most horrific biscuits when we first met,” I said with a wrinkled nose.
“They are bad, aren’t they?” he said. “Sybil’s recipe, I believe.”
Our shared amusement over the biscuits we both had to choke down at one time or another took my mind off my desire for him and my body slowly calmed down. I eventually settled back into the crook of his arm and drifted off to sleep.
My slumber was tormented by faces and memories of Charles and Sybil. Although I’d said nothing when Luthias told me he wasn’t sure if he was followed, the possibility plagued my sleep.  
Luthias and I were steadfastly battling an onslaught of vampires with Charles at the helm. I watched as Luthias stepped between Charles and me. Charles had size in his favor but Luthias had angry determination. They battled as if their lives depended on it, because they did. They moved with lightning speed while punching, tossing, and choking each other.  Just when it looked like Charles might be getting the better of him, Luthias plunged his fist deep into Charles’s chest. Charles’s eyes went wide with surprise as Luthias pulled his still beating heart from the hole his fist made and held it for all to see.  I felt relief, gratitude, and love for Luthias as I watched Charles crumple to the floor.
Seeing the fate of their leader, vampires started retreating. I’d almost settled the adrenaline from the battle back down in my veins when a powerful burst of energy knocked Luthias to the ground. I gasped with horror as I watched Sybil step out from a thick mist with her hands spread wide like I was taught to do while performing magic. Was Sybil the witch who broke through the shield over Verso?  
I had little time to contemplate it. Seeing Charles dead at my feet brought her fury to the forefront.  I soon found myself deflecting her deadly bolts of destruction in order to protect not just me, but Luthias.  I looked around for Gwendoline but she was nowhere to be found.  It was up to me to battle Sybil.  I pulled on all I’d learned and hoped it was enough. I called upon the winds. Soon debris was assaulting my evil pseudo-mother from all directions.  This was enough to slow her down, but not enough to stop her.  I took advantage of the brief reprieve to check on Luthias’s condition. He was still breathing, but not moving. I thought back on Gwendoline’s tutelage. She told me a bolt of energy could knock a vampire unconscious long enough to cut off his head or tear out his heart.  Was this what Sybil planned on doing?
She managed to subdue the onslaught of debris I’d instigated and was once again headed in my direction.
“Come out of hiding and face me,” she shouted. “Or is the great and powerful Verso witch too much of a coward?”
I gasped at her words. Did she think it was Gwendoline who caused the onslaught? The more I watched her movements toward me and listened to the insults she was tossing out, the more I believed she did.  
This could work in my favor.
I called out for Gwendoline to come to my aid, knowing full well she was nowhere around. Sybil continued her verbal degradation of Gwendoline while she slowly made her way to me.  I took the opportunity to study her more closely. Her fangs were lowered, but not fully extended like Luthias’s were when he’d fed on me.  Her eyes had the same glowing red ring in them as Luthias had, but her whites looked burnt orange. Where Luthias’s features stayed pretty much the same, Sybil’s cheekbones protruded and her eyes looked sunken.  She was a pretty gruesome sight. The closer she got to me the stronger the feel of evil in the air. She was clearly powerful and very frightening.
“You shamed me with your antics, child,” she said when she finally reached me. “I’ve thought long and hard about what to do once I found you.  My first intention was to return you to your bridegroom, but I see that’s no longer possible.”
“Why don’t you just ignore me like you’ve done for the last ten years?” I boldly asked.
“Aren’t you just a little bit afraid?” she asked as she slowly circled me. “You should be.”
My instincts told me Sybil was circling me to find the best opportunity to kill me quickly. Snapping my neck came to mind.  If I’d had any sentiments about her still being my mother, they disappeared right then and there. Since I had the advantage of Sybil not realizing I possessed magic and years of training in self-defense, it was easy to take her by surprise like I did. What wasn’t so easy was getting the best of her. We wrestled and battled for dominance while I struggled to avoid her bite. The last thing I wanted was to be infected by a mutant of any kind.  She was frighteningly strong. When her fang grazed my skin, but didn’t break the flesh I had a renewed surge of energy that I released full force.  It was enough to knock her down and disable her long enough for me to drive my fist into her chest like I’d seen Luthias do to Charles. My hand probed her chest cavity until it cradled her beating heart. It felt soft, warm, and squishy moist.  I’d never felt a beating heart before.  In fact, I’d never touched an organ of any kind.  The experience almost knocked me off guard, but I held steadfast and secured my grip while I pulled my fist from her chest.  It looked so effortless when Luthias did it that I was surprised when I encountered resistance.  I had to use a great deal of force to pry her heart from her chest.  In fact, if it hadn’t been for the fact that Luthias had revived and pulled at my arm to assist me, I question if I’d have succeeded before she awoke.
With Charles and Sybil dead at our feet and their vampires retreated, I tossed Sybil’s heart away and collapsed into Luthias’s arms. A myriad of emotions passed through me while he held me close.  I was finally free from the torment of being hunted and could return home if I chose.  I looked up at Luthias’s adoring face and knew then and there I couldn’t leave him. There was a special type of bond between us that I couldn’t deny.  I offered my lips for him to kiss. What started out as an easy, gentle kiss rapidly shifted to one of crazed passion.  All of the stress from the battle manifested as passion.  We were like wild animals who couldn’t get enough of each other. Our foreplay alternated between rough and wild to tender and gentle, but it was consistently wonderful. Impatient to have him completely, I shoved him onto his back with surprising zeal and mounted him before he could resist me. His eyes filled with a mixture of surprise and reserve but quickly shifted to love, lust, and passion as I thrust my hips in an unbridled search for the release we both needed.
 






 

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


I awoke naked and covered in the residue of sweaty sex. If that wasn’t enough, I was lying on top of Luthias’s naked body.  The sun’s rays filtered through the window just enough to give me a decent view of my surroundings. Luthias lay in peaceful slumber with a look of satiation on his face.  
My mind went back to my dream.  It seemed so real, yet I knew that we hadn’t battled Charles or Sybil.  What truly happened?  Was it a mixture of fantasy and reality?
Signs of sex were everywhere. 
What had I done? Could I have really practically raped this gorgeous vampire in my sleep?  Who was I?  What had I become? I didn’t know myself anymore.  Did I have some alter ego that was rebelling against the naïve and sheltered life I’d led right up until meeting Geo? Or was it simply the lure of the vampire I couldn’t resist.  Perhaps it was both.
I did my best not to disturb Luthias as I slowly got out of bed and moved to the adjoining bath Gwendoline installed in order to keep up with the times.  It was small, but cozy, with far more amenities than I had in my bathroom back home. I showered as quietly as I could and then tiptoed back into the room to put on one of the outfits Gwendoline had magically manifested for me. Although she warned me that using my magic for personal gain could turn it against me, she assured me that there was a difference between producing what one truly needed verses what one frivolously desired.  One reeks of greed and one does not.
“Had you intended on abandoning me after loving me so sweetly?” Luthias mused from beneath closed lids.
I froze in place.
He sat up and smiled such a sexy smile I couldn’t help shuddering with delight.   Had I really made love to him in such a shameless manner?
“I thought I dreamed it,” I admitted, meekly.
He reached his arm out to beckon me to go to him. I obliged without reservation.
“I tried to resist as long as I could, but you were so persistent, and so, so sweet,” he said as he pulled me close and kissed me while caressing my breast. 
The passionate part of me wanted to climb back into bed and have sex when I was actually alert enough to realize I was doing it, but the sensible side of me won out and I pulled away.
“It was a crazy dream,” I began even though he hadn’t asked about it. “You and I were battling Charles and Sybil’s armies.  You tore Charles’s heart out and then helped me rip out Sybil’s.  After that their army fled.” I hesitated and then added, “Then we made love.”
“Well, the making love part was real,” he said with satisfied amusement.
“You look pretty smug about that,” I said in a tone that hinted I might be teasing.
“Smug? Pleased to finally taste your sweetness maybe, but smug?” he said with mock dismay.  “I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.  You certainly seemed to, tiger.”
“Oh,” I moaned as I covered my face with my hands and vigorously shook my head.
His rich laugh echoed off the walls as he wrapped me in his arms and pulled me back down on the bed. We giggled and rolled for a while before lying side by side and settling into a more serious mood.
“I know in my heart that Geo lives,” I said with a voice that was just above a whisper.
“I hope you’re right,” he replied, “but I have my doubts. Only death would keep him from someone as lovely as you.”
“Last night wasn’t fair to him,” I said.
“If he’s truly alive, then, no, it wasn’t,” he agreed.
“What’s wrong with me?” I whispered with a hint of despair.
“You love us both,” he said with conviction.
“If he’s dead, then making love to you so soon is like spitting on his grave. If he’s alive, then I’m being unfaithful,” I complained. “Neither is admirable.”
“When you put it that way...,” Luthias said, thoughtfully. “Let’s not forget I fed on you. That, combined with the feelings I know you hold for me, was enough to make you do something you normally might not do.  Don’t be so hard on yourself.  The bond also made it very difficult for me to resist you. Add that to the fact that your foreplay drove me crazy to the point I thought I’d explode if I didn’t have you... well... Let’s just say I don’t blame myself.”
“I literally mounted you,” I moaned.
“That you did, my lovely,” he said teasingly, “but only after you drove me to the point of distraction, my irresistible vixen.”
“You didn’t push me away,” I continued, “You said you didn’t want to make love and have it be the cause of my feeling guilty.
“I resisted as best I could,” he explained, “I would have been satisfied with the delicious foreplay, but when you mounted me I was lost completely.  Remember, I doubt Geo’s alive and I happen to love you. Your sweet ministrations got the better of my common sense.”
“What happens now?” I quietly asked.
“Whatever you wish, love of my life,” he replied.
Geo’s face flashed before me and I groaned. Whether I’d been influenced by the bond between us or not, once again it was me who initiated the love making. First with Geo and now Luthias.  I had no one to blame but myself for the mess I was in.
“We need to discuss something very important,” Luthias said with sincerity.
Thinking he was about to bring up the subject of Geo and knowing I wasn’t up to facing it right then, I rolled onto my side and begged him not to talk about anything serious just yet. He started to say something, but must have thought better of it because he stopped and got out of bed instead.
He left the bathroom door open while he quickly showered. I became an instant voyeur. I found it fascinating how very similar vampires were to humans. They ate food like us, perspired like us, and used the bathroom like us. As for drinking blood, well, as Luthias so clearly pointed out, cannibalism and blood drinking has been around for centuries amongst humans, so that can’t be held against the vampire; especially since my vampires only took what they needed from an animal and then set it free. In my opinion, given their supernatural powers and longevity of life, they were actually a better version of us.    I watched him dry off and dress with greedy eyes.  Other than Geo, I really hadn’t seen or touched a male body. I knew I was being spoiled, since both were perfect specimens of male anatomy. I didn’t count my encounter with Charles’s nakedness in the mix since I was drugged and then practically raped by him without ever really seeing him completely.  
I found myself mentally comparing Luthias’s lean, muscular body to Geo’s equally lean and muscular frame.  What set them apart were their shoulders.  Geo’s shoulders were much broader than Luthias’s. This gave him the appearance of being more fit under their clothing. Looking at Luthias in all his naked glory, I could clearly see it was an illusion.  His muscles bulged and twisted in the most erotic fashion with every move he made.
“Stop drooling,” he teased. “There’s plenty more to come.”
I let out a bellow of exasperation and threw a pillow at him. It felt good to have lighthearted teasing after so much tension and drama.  He caught the pillow and placed it on the bed. Then, without warning, he swept me into his arms, threw me over his shoulder, slapped my backside a few times for good measure, and carried me out to the porch.  
My peals of laughter and mocked struggling only stopped when I spotted Gwendoline coming across the clearing.  Luthias set me down next to him.  We stood like two school children waiting to be chastised as we watched her climb the steps.
“Good morning my loved ones,” she said, quietly.  “Breakfast will be ready in a few minutes.” Although she sounded chipper enough, she didn’t spare us a glance as she walked past us into the cottage, which was why I was so surprised when she called back as she kept walking, “Go tidy yourself, Luthias. Ye look a sight.”
I giggled, nervously, as I looked at what I’d done to his hair during our little playful encounter. My normally perfectly coiffed vampire had a head of hair that looked like he’d been struck by lightning.  
“Trouble maker,” he teased as he flashed me a debonair smile, tweaked my cheek, and left to do Gwendoline’s bidding.
I followed Gwendoline to the kitchen to give assistance with breakfast. I entered the room, hesitantly. I was embarrassed to be caught laughing with Luthias when Geo was still missing and possibly dead. I can’t even explain why I allowed myself to go that route, except that it felt so good to not worry about anything; even if it was only for a brief time.
I pulled the dishes from the cupboard while Gwendoline silently focus on the gruel cooking on the stove.  I was no stranger to gruel.  My grandmother raised me on it; praising the nutrients it provided to start the day.  Gwendoline was of the same opinion.  She made allowances for the different needs of our bodies by adding a few ingredients in my gruel that she left out of Luthias’s.  
Luthias entered the kitchen and silently took his place at the table. He stole a quick glance at me before focusing on the bowl Gwendoline set before him. He looked so solemn and stoic. It was as if our light-hearted playing never happened.  I settled into the chair opposite him and waited for my mentor to seat herself before looking at my dish. It had a far greater abundance of raisins and apples in it than normal.  I looked at Gwendoline, questioningly.
“Ye didn’t tell her?” she asked as she looked, accusingly, at Luthias.
“I tried, but she didn’t want to hear it,” he said.
“How hard did ye try?” she demanded.
I grew nervous as I watch the tension between mother and son mount. What hadn’t he told me? I struggled to remember. Oh yes, I did cut him off when he said he needed to discuss something.  Was that what this was about?
“Is it Geo?” I asked, hopefully.
“Eat your breakfast,” Gwendoline snapped without taking her eyes off Luthias.
My gasp of surprise at the abnormal way Gwendoline snapped at me must have hit the right mark because she quickly apologized for speaking to me in such a manner and patted my hand.
“I’m a bit agitated this morning,” she explained.
“Is it something I can help with?” I earnestly asked.
“You need to let me tell you what I tried to tell you earlier,” Luthias interjected, impatiently.
Stunned, I nodded my head to indicate I was listening.
“After Sybil found out you... err... coupled with Geo, she ordered you cleaned out and returned to a state that would fool Prince Vogel into believing you were still a virgin,” he began.
I closed my eyes tight in an effort to block out the memories he was pulling on while I nodded for him to continue.
“Do you understand what she wanted to clean out of you?” he asked.
I shook my head.
“Geo’s seed,” Gwendoline interjected. “When a male vampire beds a female human, there’s a ninety-nine-point nine percent chance she’ll conceive.  Sybil had the child ye conceived by Geo aborted.”
“No!” I screeched, “and this is the act of a grandmother?”
Tears welled within me at the thought that Geo and I had conceived a child. Sybil stole something far more precious from me than my pride and dignity.  Even though I had no idea I was pregnant, the blow of knowing it was stolen from me was acute.
It took a while for it to hit home that after I’d endured such a horrific act I suffered through the equally horrific coupling with Charles. Was I pregnant with Charles’s child?  Is that what they were trying to tell me?
“Am I carrying Charles’s child?” I moaned.  “Please no!”
Gwendoline placed her hand over mine and finished the story that Luthias was clearly having difficulty telling.  
“Your coupling with Charles on your wedding night was painful for more than the mere fact that he’s a villain.   Even though Sybil ordered your coupling with Geo be kept secret upon pain of death, Charles somehow learned of your romance with Geo and didn’t trust Sybil’s physician to do a competent job of aborting.  He wore an apparatus on his manhood that literally scraped away your internal lining. He wasn’t taking any chances that Geo’s seed might still be in there,” Gwendoline said with disgust.
“I thought he was going to cut me in half,” I mused.
“Poor child. You’ve endured so much for someone so young and in such a short span of time,” Gwendoline said, sympathetically, before taking a deep breath and continuing. “We have a situation that even Luthias isn’t aware of.  Last night I had a vision. Geo lives.  He’s being held captive by Sybil. She’s very angry at him for the ruse he pulled on her.”
“He’s alive!” I squealed with happiness. “That’s wonderful.  We have to go to him and set him free.”
Instead of joining in making plans to rescue Geo, Gwendoline and Luthias sat silent and still. Gwendoline looked pained and worried, while Luthias looked like he’d been told he had to kill his best friend.  I looked from one to the other before it struck me as to what might be the reason.
“I’ve conceived Luthias’s child,” I whispered.
“That ye have, lass,” Gwendoline said with a slow nod.
I threw my hands over my face and shook my head as the repercussions of my embarrassing sexual behavior from the night before struck home. Saying it happened when I wasn’t in full control of my faculties was no excuse. Not only had my unbridled lust brought pain and heartache onto me by way of hurting Geo, it would certainly destroy Luthias’s relationship with him as well. Poor Gwendoline -who clearly loved both of her boys equally- would be stuck in the middle.  I’d successfully destroyed four lives all for the sake of a sexual encounter that I didn’t clearly remember.  Good going Casey!
“I love her,” Luthias said to Gwendoline.
She placed her hand on his shoulder as she rose from the table and said, “I’ve no doubt about that, son.  Sadly, Geo loves her too.”
“I truly thought him dead,” Luthias said aloud, even though it looked as if he was speaking to himself.  “He was even lost to the copper bowl. I truly thought him dead.”
 She picked up her empty dish and walked to the sink. With her back turned to us she continued, “Ye should wed, of course. Geo will be upset, but he’ll survive. Ye must think of my grandchild now.” When she turned and spoke I could clearly see the pain in her eyes.  I knew in my heart that, had it not been for the pain this would inevitably cause her son, there would have been joy in them instead.
Luthias’s eyes never left me while we listened to her suggestion that we wed.  I knew it was something he desired.  I could see it in his eyes when she said the words.  I also knew it was the right thing to do.  
My lack of self-control had altered my life path forever.  There was nothing more to do but agree to marry the kind, gentle, and very handsome vampire who was so willing to make things right.  I pushed thoughts of what could have been with Geo out of my mind. There was no use in dwelling on what might have been. No one forced me to sleep with Luthias.  I did it on my own and now I had to own up to my actions. 
Things could be worse, I thought. At least I have feelings for him, which is more than I can say for Charles.
“Charles,” I gasped.  “I’m already married!”
This time it was Gwendoline’s turn to bury her face in her hands and shake her head.
 

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


We immediately agreed that, before anything else, we’d work out a plan of rescue for Geo. Once he was safe and free, we’d focus on what to do about Charles. It took the better part of the morning for emotions to settle down enough for us to come together as a team to decide on a plan of action.  At one point, an enormous tug of wills took place as Luthias and Gwendoline insisted I stay hidden in the cottage under the shield of protection for the sake of my unborn child. I struggled to get them to under-stand that, between the magic in me and years of intensive self-defense instruction, I was well equipped to hold my own.  I reiterated the dream I had and how I felt it was a symbol of truth. Gwendoline said I had magic in me from the start that just needed to be pulled forth and expounded upon.  That magic had to be inherited from someone and I was banking that someone was Sybil. If I had magic, then so did she. If Sybil truly was the one who broke through the shield of Verso, she’d be waiting for the one known as the Verso Witch.  That was Gwendoline, not me.  It might be the ace in the hole we needed to get Geo out alive. They agreed I could be right, but, because I could be pregnant, they weren’t willing to risk it.
Since Gwendoline said the odds of my being pregnant were ninety-nine-point nine percent, that still left a tiny spec of possibility that I wasn’t.  It was minute, but it was there.  I voiced my sorrow that it was too soon to tell if I was pregnant.  After all, it hadn’t even been twenty-four hours since my dream-like love making with Luthias. Gwendoline smiled that crafty smile of hers that popped up whenever she had something to show me that she was sure would wow me. When she produced a bark that, once soaked in urine, showed if the female was pregnant within minutes of conceiving, I took her by surprise and snatched the bark, unceremoniously, from her hand and rushed to the bathroom.  She rapidly regained herself and caught up with me just before I was about to close the door.  She replaced the bark with a small bowl to pee in. She told me in no uncertain terms that she’d be the one to dip the bark in my urine since she was the only one who knew what to look for. Knowing she was right, I apologized for being so presumptuous. 
Luthias sat quietly while Gwendoline searched the urine soaked bark for signs of pregnancy and I paced anxiously back and forth behind her.
“You’ll wear a hole through the floor,” Gwendoline said as she kept her eyes steadfast on the bark.  “It takes a bit for the bark to change.”
“I’m nervous,” I said with a trembling voice.
“Nervous that you are pregnant, or nervous that you are not?” Luthias asked with hesitation.
I studied him for a moment. It was clear I wasn’t the only anxious person in the room, but I guessed his anxiety was for a different reason than mine.  Bond or no bond, if I wasn’t pregnant he’d have a difficult time convincing me to be with him now that we knew Geo was alive. I guessed he knew this. There was no denying the connection between Luthias and me. I knew it was mostly from his feeding on me, but there was also a part of me that genuinely loved him, but there were many levels of love. I loved Luthias, yet I loved Geo more.  Our bond happened without Geo having to feed on me. It was that strong and that true.  I remembered both their philosophy, ‘When something is meant to be it doesn’t require time to happen. It just is.’  So, it was with both of them.  Had Geo not been in the picture, I know I could have been happy with Luthias. The fact of the matter was that Geo was and I wanted him back with me more than I wanted life itself.
Before I could respond to Luthias’s question the suspense ended.  Gwendoline announced in no uncertain terms that I was pregnant. Luthias’s vampire speed came in handy when he managed to reach me in time to catch my fall as my knees buckled in response to the news. I have no idea why I reacted that way. The chance that I wasn’t pregnant was so minute, I was bound to test positive.  It was just that having it confirmed beyond a shadow of a doubt also confirmed the direction my life was about to take.  I could no longer look forward to a life with Geo. I would stay with the father of my child.
It wasn’t my first choice, but I had to admit it was a good choice. Luthias would make a good father and devoted companion.  On top of that, he was kind, good looking and –from what I could remember– great in bed. I should consider myself lucky to have him. Of course, there was still the matter of my evil vampire husband to work out, but we’d focus on that after Geo was free.
Geo. How could I face him knowing what I did to alter our future?   Would he ever forgive me?   Would he forgive Luthias?  I tried not to think about it too much.  I was a human in a land of vampires.  I needed to maintain a clear head if I wasn’t going to be a burden on the trip. 
Gwendoline verbally lamented over teaching me as much magic as she had when I stubbornly refused to stay behind and threatened to take down the shield and follow them if they tried to force the issue.  She and Luthias had no choice but to allow me to accompany them.
After much debating, we decided to bypass Geo’s palace in case Charles was still there and go to the east until it was safe to head to the southern exit.  Gwendoline warned me to hold back on using my powers once we were out of Verso.  She explained that they wouldn’t act in the same manner since the vibration of the dimension was different.  I was to use them only if necessary.
The magic activated within me aided me in traveling a lot farther and faster than I had when coming to Verso.  It was a pleasure to know I wasn’t holding Luthias and Gwendoline back like I would have prior to the development of my magic.  Of course, the tonics and treatments Gwendoline provided for the healing of my body certainly helped things considerably.  All in all, I felt ready and eager to face the enemy; which was a good thing because we came across them all too soon.
We were almost to the portal into Desolation when a small band of Charles’s vampires stumbled across us.  We’d seen them coming and hid in the trees, but my human scent was so strong it gave me away.  As the vampire that discovered me sneered up at me with glee and called to his companions, I fervently looked for Gwendoline and Luthias.  They were nowhere to be found.  I almost lost my grip on the tree branch as panic seized me. Seeing this, my would-be captors laughed and jeered about how easy it would be to capture me if I just fell into their grasp.  They stood below me with arms readied to catch their falling prey as they shouted lewd remarks about how much my husband missed me and how happy he’d be to have me returned to his bed.  I recognized one of their faces as being amongst the onlookers during my tortuous nuptial consummation and shuddered.  If I got a chance to kill any of them, I wanted him to be the first.
I felt like a cat trapped in a tree with a gaggle of dogs barking below.  It was unnerving.  I closed my eyes and willed them away, but the only thing I accomplished was to amuse them even more.  
They eventually tired of their little game and things got serious. I felt my branch shift position under the weight of one of the vampire predators as he leaped up onto it and settled down next to me as if we were about to enjoy a picnic or something.  It was then that I realized how ridiculous it was for me to think hiding in a tree would save me.  The branch shook again as the one I recognized as my wedding night voyeur settled on the other side of me.  The leaves above me rustled as yet another perched on the branch in over my head.  The energy they emitted was profoundly scary. My heart was pounding so hard I was sure they could hear it.
“You’ll get back if you know what’s good for you,” I snarled with false bravado.
I have no idea why I made such a threat and neither did they. Laughter filled the air while they speculated on what fate might await them if they continued to pursue me. 
 They were so preoccupied with their taunting that Luthias and Gwendoline were able to swoop in and take them off guard with ease.  Gwendoline shot fireballs at the four on the ground, burning a hole in each one’s heart so rapidly I doubt anyone knew what hit him. She followed through by severing their heads. It was done with such remarkable speed for a human -especially an old woman- that I was stunned speechless.  Meanwhile, Luthias knocked the vampire above me and the one to my right from the tree. I could hear their bodies slam against the hard ground below.  Without hesitation they were scrambling to their feet and preparing for battle.
I swelled with admiration and pride as I watched Luthias slowly lower himself to stand before them with such grace and confidence.  He showed virtually no fear.
The voyeur vampire was the only one left in the tree.
“Shall we enjoy the show,” he asked as he wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me close.
“Let’s not,” I said before twisting my body and plunging my fist full force into his chest with a speed that surprised me.
The look on his face was one of disbelief mixed with respect. He’d clearly underestimated me. I shuddered at the feel of his heart in my grasp, but I refused to let go.  I knew that, if I didn’t tear it from his chest with a quickness, he could still find the means to stop me. He was in a state of paralysis and shock that would only last a matter of seconds. I pulled my fist back, but his heart refused to budge. It reminded me of my dream.  I needed leverage.  Since his grip was no longer tight around my waist I twisted my body so that I was crouching with one foot on either side of him.  I braced my feet as best I could in the crook of the tree to balance myself, but one foot slipped.  I could feel myself falling.  Even so, I refused to let go of his heart.  I could hear the sucking noise as my fist left the hole I’d created in his chest.  My fingers were wrapped tight around his squishy, still beating heart.
Luthias had just finished off the vampires in battle when he saw me falling from the tree. He managed to catch me only seconds before I would have landed on the hard ground. Although impressed with my performance to the point he teased me by saying he never wanted to get on my bad side, his fear for my welfare and the welfare of our child overshadowed his pride over my performance. He smothered me with kisses while scolding me for being reckless for so long that, by the time he was done, the beating of my voyeur’s heart had long since stopped.
“Really, Luthias,” I said with angst when I could finally get him to listen. “If this is the way it’s going to be, it will be one very long pregnancy.”
Gwendoline laughed as she helped pry the heart from my grip. The one thing I didn’t know -and Luthias forgot during his overprotective coddling- was that when a vampire’s heart stopped beating it would attach itself to anything warm in an attempt to rejuvenate itself. My hand provided plenty of warmth. 
“The lass has a point,” she said with pleasure and amusement as she tossed the heart away. She’s surprisingly tough.  We might do well to consider her part of the team instead of a child needing protection.”
“I’ll always protect her,” Luthias said with a scowl as he stormed over to one of the vampires he’d killed and ripped off his head. 
I watched as he did the same to the others, thinking it was done with far more aggression than was needed.  Either our pointing out that he was being overly protective really irritated him or he was just that frightened by my battle. He’d repeatedly told me he loved me, but it still surprised me when situations showed me just how much.  Geo’s face flitted before me before I pushed it away and sighed. Once again, I reminded myself what a good father and mate Luthias would be and how lucky I was to have escaped the clutches of the evil vampire king.  I even went so far as to remind myself it was Geo who instigated that marriage in hopes it would help me get over him. Of course, I deliberately neglected to remember that it was Luthias who gave me away and Geo who insisted in stealing me back.
We’d traveled about fifteen minutes before my adrenaline finally settled down. That was when I felt the effects of the force I’d used to break through the vampire’s chest on my fist. I looked down at my bruised hand and did my best to massage it without my companions seeing.  It was no easy feat. Although Luthias was still pouting and keeping his distance, it didn’t stop him from keeping an eagle watch on me. This put extra pressure on me to act the superwoman so he wouldn’t be able to say, ‘I told you so’.   To top it off, I was feeling the effects of the dramatic twist of my body I did on the tree branch in order to get more leverage to rip that evil son-of-a-bitch’s heart out.  I was handling it fine for the time being, but I suspected I’d soon develop a limp if I didn’t slow my pace.
I focused on making it out of Verso. Something told me that once we were through to Desolation it would be too difficult to force me to return back to the cottage.
Gwendoline moved closer to send me a mental message, ‘We’ll stop in Desolation.  Can you hold on until then?’  I nodded that I could.  I was too fearful Luthias’ vampire ears would hear me if I tried to reply with an actual word.
Gwendoline led the way into the passage through the portal with me following and Luthias bringing up the rear.  It was as dark as I remembered, but at least I was prepared for it this time. We reached the ladder much faster than I anticipated.  I waited at the bottom rung while Gwendoline spryly climbed up it. I was grateful for the break, no matter how short. I was feeling winded and my hip threatened to seize on me. The light beaming down the shaft was my cue that break time was over.  I took a deep breath, grabbed the rung above my head and put my left foot on the one near the ground.  I was just about to hoist myself up when I felt Luthias’ strong arm encircle my waist and lift me off the ground.
“I don’t want to hear a word out of you,” he growled in his deep sultry voice that did little to hide his affection behind his facade of sternness. “Can you grip enough to ride my back?”
I told him I could.  He set me down, turned his back to me and lowered his tall, sexy body enough for me to climb on. As I wrapped my legs around his narrow waist I couldn’t resist planting a little thank you kiss on his neck.  He took my hand and pulled it to his lips to gently kiss before taking the other one and clasping them together in front of him.  When he was certain I was secure, he scooted up the ladder so fast I barely knew what happened.
“I would have brought you up too if you’d waited,” Luthias said to Gwendoline as he helped me slide off his back.
“I’m perfectly capable of making that climb, young man,” she scolded in a teasing manner.
“So am I,” I said, defensively.
“I have no doubt,” Gwendoline said with a wink.  “Would ye deny the man everything?”
I chuckled at her humor as I followed her out of the dilapidated shed and into the street. We were greeted by a small band of people who looked to be human, although I reserved that determination until I found out more, since the Verso Vampires seemed human to me as well until I found out differently. The leader of the group, Tod, respectfully greeted Gwendoline as if she was the goddess herself. Luthias explained later that Gwendoline rarely appeared in the flesh to them. She astral projected on a monthly basis to check on their wellbeing, but to have her walk their soil in the flesh was a rare honor that many generations never experienced. He escorted us to his home a few blocks away and made such a fuss about being certain we were comfortable that Gwendoline looked embarrassed.
I smiled as I watched this wonderful, centuries old woman downplay the pomp being created in her honor. It was then that I realized just how special she was to me. In just a short period of time she’d managed to find a solid place in my heart. Now that I knew her, I couldn’t imagine life without her. I thought about the similarities between her and my grandmother and wished they could meet.  I was certain they’d have hours and hours of good conversation.
We stayed for a few hours to allow time to rest and then said our good-byes.  As we were about to leave, a young woman entered with a sack of food for our journey.  She made a point of giving it to Luthias.  It was impossible to miss the look of longing she had when he thanked her. Luthias was undeniably gorgeous and that wasn’t the first time I’d observed a girl going all gaga over him.  What surprised me was the fact that he didn’t reward her with one of his notoriously devilish smiles and winks that I’d experienced on numerous occasions since we’d met. Instead, he motioned me to his side and held me close while pulling Gwendoline to his other side and assured the young woman he and his lady loves were most grateful for her thoughtfulness. She barely concealed how crushed she felt. When he turned to thank Tod, the look she gave me was daggerous.  I couldn’t leave fast enough.
It was amazing how quickly I’d grown accustomed to the scenery Verso offered. I missed it, miserably, as we made our way through the desolate hills and valleys that separated us from Geo’s prison. Gwendoline took a few minutes before our departure to scry for him once again.  From what she could tell, he was being held in a shack above ground.  She projected a hologram for Toby and his people to view to see if anyone recognized it.  One of the older men in the group said he was certain it was about a day’s walk from Desolation. He drew us a map to guide us.  When Gwendoline emphasized the fact that she’d seen mutants hovering around Geo, the older man confirmed the existence of a mutant encampment only minutes from the shack.
My heart almost stopped beating when I thought about Geo being held a prisoner so close to mutants. Had they bitten him?  Was he infected?  Would he become like Sybil?  My desire to reach him quickly spurred me forth; surprising my travel companions who expected me to pace myself in such a desolate environment. What they didn’t take into consideration was that I’d grown up in a desolate land much like the terrain we crossed and was very accustomed to it.  A few short weeks in Verso didn’t alter that.  I guessed I was dealing with the journey far better than they were. My only regret was that I didn’t have my grandmother’s salve with me to protect against the sun’s harmful rays. I was glad I took Gwendoline’s suggestion to wear long sleeves and a hat.
We stopped a few times for fifteen-minute breaks.  I was certain these breaks were for my benefit, but I made no comment.  I’d received a bit of magic to help me, but I was still human and my body felt the journey in more ways than one. By the time we stopped at an oasis to make camp, I was more than ready for a long rest.  
Luthias left us briefly to scope the area for both human and vampire mutants; as well as signs of Bartholomew.  When he returned satisfied that we were safe, Gwendoline waved her hands and said, “Mar is mian liom chun sosa agus a leagan mo cheann, a sheoladh chuig dom a tent le leaba.”  The air swirled around us and then, before my very eyes, a tent large enough to house us appeared out of nowhere.  With a girlish giggle, I peeked through the flap to see two comfortable looking beds inside.  One bed was large enough for two occupants and the other looked more suitable for one.
I looked at Gwendoline, questioningly.
“Go on, lass.  Get ye off to bed,” she said, affectionately.
“I’m a little hungry,” I admitted with hesitation.
“Of course ye are,” she said, apologetically. “I’ll search the sack for something to bring to ye.  ‘Tis too dangerous to make a fire so the fare will be cold, but filling.”
“I’d eat dirt about now,” I said with a sigh. “I can’t believe how hungry I am.”
“‘Tis the pregnancy,” she offered.  
“Already?” I gasped.  “It’s been one day.”
“What do ye know about vampire pregnancies?” she asked.
“I didn’t even know vampires were real until I met Geo,” I replied.
She pulled me into the tent and told me to sit while she dug into the sack and pulled out cold biscuits, hard cheese, and apples. I accepted them, gratefully, and munched while she talked.
I was saddened when she told me the gestation period for a vampire child is roughly five months. It didn’t seem like it was enough time to get used to the idea of being a mother. She warned me to be ready for the changes that would occur in my body at a steady, rapid pace.  The more I heard, the more concerned I was about what was happening.  It was all too fast. Everything was happening too, too, too fast!
When I questioned why -if it was that easy to get pregnant and the gestation was so short- Verso wasn’t overridden with vampire babies. Her answer surprised me. The ability to conceive drops considerably for female vampires. This is one of the reasons the male vampire’s sperm is so potent. It can take centuries for a vampire couple to conceive a child, if they ever did. Female humans were far more receptive to the potent seed a vampire left behind. It was when I asked her why there weren’t a lot of vampire-human children out there she insisted I’d asked enough for one night and urged me to get some rest.  
She was hiding something, but I was too tired to care.  I barely heard the tent door drop upon her departure before I was sleeping peacefully in the incredibly comfortable bed.
 

CHAPTER NINETEEN


I awoke stiff and sore. I did my best to stretch the kinks out of my legs and hips, but it was difficult.  Something large and heavy was pinning me down. When my eyes were better able to focus and my head cleared enough to remember where I was, I realized Luthias’s solid frame was sprawled, possessively, across me.  I managed to get my arm from beneath him and shook him vigorously to get him to move.  He was like dead weight. 
“He’s in vampire sleep, lass. Ye won’t get him to move until he’s good and ready to wake up.” Gwendoline said from across the tent.
“What?” I asked with vocal chords that were barely cooperative.
“Vampires rarely truly sleep, but when they do, they go so deep ye would think them dead.  Nothing wakes them,” she explained as she finished tying the lacing of her shoe.
“I have to pee,” I moaned, “and I can’t breathe.”
She moved to my bed and lifted his bulk as if it was nothing more than a blanket she was pulling off me.  I slid, clumsily, from beneath sleeping beauty before she lowered him back into his original position. I was amazed to see we hadn’t disturbed his slumber. Had the situation been reversed, I would have been looking around wondering what was happening.
The morning sun was fresh and new as it fed the oasis that managed to survive through the trauma and turmoil that the war brought to the planet.  The chill in the air felt refreshing as I performed my morning constitution.  I was pleased to discover a wash station set up with all of the amenities needed to properly care for the body.  I decided to take advantage of it as long as I was there. I felt grungy.  
Gwendoline’s copper scrying bowl was doubling as the wash basin.  I filled it with cool water and dipped the sponge she’d set out into it.  I’d fallen asleep in in my tee shirt and panties, so I stripped them off before attacking my body with a vengeance.  A cool breeze caressed my wet nakedness. It felt soothing.  As I moved the dripping wet sponge over my abdomen I noticed it looked slightly rounded. This explained why my jeans felt a little snug and might also explain the reason my hips were hurting.  Since I wore my clothes loose fitting, my body had room to expand before anyone would notice.  Surely this hadn’t happened overnight. I was so focused on learning magic that I really hadn’t paid attention to my body.  Gwendoline’s food was tasty, but I didn’t think I’d made a glutton of myself.  To expand like this in such a short period of time from eating required I gorge an abundance of food.  
I heard Gwendoline gasp as she approached me.
“Is this normal?” I asked as I placed my hand on my slightly rounded abdomen.
“Not for only a day,” she said.  “‘Tis more of what would happen after a month, a few weeks at least.”
“I don’t understand,” I said.
“Nor do I,” she mused as she placed her palm against my womb. “Something’s not right.  Sybil had the doc abort Geo’s seed, correct?” 
I nodded.
“My informers assure me Prince Vogel used a sheath when he consummated your marriage.  In fact, he used a sheath with barbs affixed to it so he could tear out any seed Sybil might have missed,” she mused. “How much did ye bleed after that?”
“I can’t remember,” I replied. “I know it was painful and the sheets were bloody but he... err... cleaned the blood off me and then gave me his blood to help me heal. I don’t recall much bleeding with either ordeal.”
“Ordeal?” she asked.
“Sybil’s doctor and my husband,” I said, vehemently, as my mind brought forth memories of the torture I’d been forced to endure.  “The doctor –who it turns out is my great uncle,” I said with a sarcastic chuckle, “used some sort of laser on me.  I assumed it was to prevent bleeding since I was surrounded by vampires.  He was in disguise.  He’s part of Geo’s team that infiltrated Sybil’s society.”
“I see,” Gwendoline said softly.  “Ye bled not at all?”
“Not that I can recall,” I admitted.  “I worried about doing it though. I mean, even Geo’s vampires have trouble resisting a human... or so I’m told.”
“Some of them, yes,” she said. “I doubt Geo exposed ye to that lot.”
She took in every inch of my naked body with her eyes as she walked slowly around me.  I was surprised at how relaxed I was under such scrutiny. When she felt one of my breasts and declared it was preparing to nurse, I wasn’t bothered in the least by her actions.  Naked displays of my person were not something I’d grown up to experience.  I was naked in front of more eyes since I met Geo than in my entire life.
“We have a situation here, lass,” Gwendoline said, softly. “‘Tis a good situation, but also a bad one.”
I stood, frozen, while I waited to hear what she had to say.  I was still trying to get used to the idea of becoming a mother, but that didn’t mean I wanted something to be wrong with my child. What did good situation, bad situation mean? Was there something wrong with my baby?
“Get dressed, lass,” she said as she stroked my cheek with the back of her fingers.  “Come get some food in your belly and we’ll talk about this.”
I looked at my shirt and panties. They needed cleansing. It was my intention to wash them after I’d finished washing myself.  After a brief hesitation, I dunked them into the bowl and scrubbed them with soap. I quickly dumped the water from the bowl and added fresh.  I bent over the bowl to rinse my face and jumped back with a start when I saw Geo’s sad eyes looking back at me.  I crept back up to the bowl and slowly peered back into the water, but he was gone. I rinsed my face quickly, rinsed the soap from my shirt and panties, and then checked to see if Luthias had risen. It would have been nice to utilize his speed in drying my clothes for me. When I saw no sign of him, I rung them out as best I could and put them back on.  My teeth chattered from the chill for a brief moment before my body’s warmth altered the temperature of the wet fabric.  I looked at the sun’s position, knowing that as it rose in the sky so did the temperature.  It wouldn’t be long before my clothes would be completely dry.
I settled on a stoop next to Gwendoline and accepted the cheese and biscuit she offered. Neither of us complained about the lack of variety in food.  We were just grateful Tod had the foresight and generosity to provide it.  Hopefully, our rescue of Geo would be swift and smooth and we’d be back at the cottage enjoying Gwendoline’s tasty cooking in no time.
“Ye look a little shook up,” Gwendoline said as she planted herself next to me.
“I saw Geo’s face when I was washing up,” I explained.
“Ye can scry?” she asked with wonder.
“Is that what I did?” I asked.
“Apparently,” she mused. “‘Tis either the connection ye have with him or ye are more adept at magic than I gave ye credit for.”
“Or both?” I said with a weak smile.
“Or both,” she agreed, smiling back.
We were silent for a moment while we chewed our breakfast.  I was curious about the situation she wanted to discuss, yet I was fearful to hear what it was. I absent mindedly caressed my abdomen while I waited.
“I believe ye don’t carry Luthias’s babe,” she blurted through the silence.
Biscuit spurt from my mouth as I choked out, “What?”
She patted me on the back until the coughing subsided and I was once again able to breath normally.
“I didn’t mean to do that,” she apologized.
“Is this Charles’s baby?”  I practically screeched. “No!  You said he wore protection.”
“I have it on good authority that he did,” she assured me. “I don’t believe your great uncle aborted Geo’s seed.  The laser you said he used wasn’t to abort it. It was just the opposite.  It was to make sure nothing could remove it.”
I stood up with a look of disbelief on my face as I hugged my unborn child.
“I carry Geo’s child?” I whispered.
“Aye, lass. That ye do,” she said with a happy smile.
My heart felt like it was going to explode and an enormous smile consumed my face. For the first time since I discovered I was pregnant, I was truly happy.  Geo and I were going to have a baby.
“That’s good, right?” I asked.
“‘Tis very good,” she said with a nod.
“So, what’s the bad thing you wanted to discuss,” I asked with hesitancy. “My baby’s alright, isn’t it?”
“Luthias believes ‘tis his babe ye carry,” she said softly. “He loves ye unbelievably. The news will crush him.”
“Oh gosh, how do we tell him something like this?” I moaned. 
“There’s a little secret I’m going to share with ye, but ye need to promise me ye won’t ever tell anyone else,” she said with urgency. “I only trust ye with it now because of the decision ye must make. There’s no one else alive who knows this secret.”
I nodded my head to indicate I’d keep her secret and waited for her to speak.
“I told ye a lie about Luthias,” she said while wringing her hands. “In fact, I told a lie about both my boys.” 
I looked at her in confusion, but said nothing. She asked me to hold my questions until she was done and I agreed.
“I married one of the finest men in the county at a very young age.  He was much older than me, but he was kind and had land, money, power and looks. A fine catch he was. After years of trying to conceive I grew frustrated, as did he.  He worried about dying without an heir to take over his lands and position.  He grew angry with me about the possibility of my being barren and actually threatened to cast me out for a new wife if I didn’t conceive soon. One night, I did the unthinkable. I coupled with a traveling warlock who was passing through. He was strong and beautiful.  I remember how his jet-black hair glistened in the moonlight and the way his taught muscular shoulders flexed as he thrust his seed deep inside me. ‘Twas a magical night to be sure,” she began. She paused briefly as if to gauge my reaction before continuing.  When I said nothing, she continued. “He gave me the greatest gift a man could give a woman. He not only gave me Geo, but he saved my marriage. I never told my husband he was infertile. I just let him think it took time for me to conceive. We were happy for a few years, but then my husband’s age caught up with him and he grew sickly. His meddlesome sister started squawking about the possibilities of Geo dying -as so many children did back then- and leaving my husband without an heir.  She insisted we try for a second son to assure this wouldn’t happen. I had no idea where my handsome warlock was by then. He was a wanderer after all. I was new to the use of my magic, but I tried to pull him to me with a spell anyway. It didn’t work. Out of sheer desperation I searched out a handsome virile lad from a nearby village and lay with him. He gave me Luthias. I’d barely conceived Luthias when my husband died of consumption. ‘Twas a nasty death that took its toll on all who cared for him. Because I was with child, my sister-in-law was his nurse.  She soon followed him.  I was left alone with only Geo at my teat and Luthias in my womb. The looks of the men I had lain with were vastly different.  I feared my boys would also be opposite in their comeliness. I wasn’t mistaken.  Both are handsome lads, but they clearly don’t have the same father.”
“You said you adopted Luthias from your sister,” I mused, forgetting my promise to stay quiet.
“Aye.  ‘Twas to save the lad the humiliation of being labeled a bastard,” she sighed.  “‘Twas an easy ruse to pull off.  When my husband and sister-in-law died, I went to live with my sister in Ireland. She was expecting about the same time as me.  I gave birth a few days before her, so I wasn’t able to help her deliver.  The nag they brought in to do the job botched it up and both my sister and her babe died. My brother-in-law was full of grief.  He blamed me for not being fit to help with the birth and cast us out. We returned to my husband’s lands with no one the wiser.”
“Luthias and Geo are brothers?” I mused.
“‘Tis a secret ye must keep lass,” she said.  “‘Twould do no good to spill it now, after all these years.”
“Why did you tell me?” I asked.
“Whichever lad is the father, the baby ye carry has my blood,” she explained.  “I felt ye should know ye are in the middle of true bothers, not cousins.”
“Something they themselves don’t even realize,” I said with a bit of angst.
For the first time since I was introduced to Gwendoline, I was annoyed with her.  Her desire to keep her sons from realizing their true parentage forced everyone to live a lie.
“The pickle ye find yourself in is one I can’t help ye with. I love both of my sons equally.  Both of my sons love ye. Both have bedded ye and one has impregnated ye. Yet the other has fed on ye, which gives him the strongest claim,” she said.
“Luthias,” I whispered.
“Letting Luthias feed on ye gave him claim to ye,” she explained. “‘Tis vampire law.”
“He said he wouldn’t enforce that,” I said with hesitancy, panic, and concern.
“I wonder,” she said. “I’ve never seen him like he is with ye.  Both of my boys have surprised me where ye are concerned.  I can’t guess what either will do.”
 







 

CHAPTER TWENTY


We’d cleaned up the camp before Luthias emerged from the tent. He looked a little chagrined when I greeted him as ‘sleepy head’ but took it in good humor.  I learned later that vampires seldom went into the deep coma-like slumber I witnessed Luthias in. This only happened when their body suffered trauma and exhaustion.  It occurred involuntarily in order for them to regenerate.  With all that Luthias went through, I wasn’t surprised it happened to him.
“I could think of a better time for my body to regenerate,’’ Luthias said with a scowl as he looked up at the position of the sun.  “We lost half the day.”
“Hardly, lad,” Gwendoline said as she patted his back while walking behind him. “A few hours, perhaps, but we can make it up.”  She turned to me and asked, “‘Tis time to get rid of the tent.  Would ye like to do the honors?”
“I don’t know the spell,” I said, humbly.
“Just repeat after me,” she said, patiently.
“It’s okay to do this outside of Verso?” I asked.
“We’ll see,” she said with a smile.
I stood in front of her with my arms extended and repeated the words she whispered in my ear, “Ós rud é mé a thuilleadh gá seo anseo, ordaímse an puball a imíonn siad.”
I could feel the power surge through my body and out my hands as the tent wavered, then shuddered, and then disappeared into thin air.
“I knew it. Ye have the magic strong in ye,” Gwendoline said, proudly.  She thought for a moment and then asked, “What’s your heritage?”
“My father was a Merker, my mother a Camron,” I replied. “I was raised by my mother’s parents, Millie and Arthur Camron.”
“Sybil Camron,” Gwendoline said thoughtfully.  “It all makes sense now.”
“What makes sense?” Luthias asked as he came up behind me, slipped his arms around my shoulders, and rested his chin on the top of my head.
My first reaction was to pull away out of respect for Geo and our child, but I caught myself and forced myself to relax against his chest.  Now wasn’t the time to stir the pot of jealousy.  We needed level heads if we were going to get Geo out safely.
“The lass’s dream about Sybil being the witch who broke the veil,” Gwendoline replied. “The Camron family has powerful magic. They only married magical spouses. It surprises me the lass wasn’t taught such by her grandparents.”
“I knew nothing of our magic.  My grandmother focused on herbal usages,” I said with a shrug.
“Which will come in very handy now that ye understand how to use the power ye hold,” Gwendoline said with obvious pleasure. “It also explains how Sybil managed to create such a kingdom.  I knew it wasn’t scientific.  No wonder Geo insisted he be the one to get close to her.  I’ll wager he knew she had magic all along.”
“He hinted at such, but never actually said,” Luthias offered.  “It would make more sense why he coddled to her ways like he did.  I was surprised more than once by the way he allowed her to bully him.  He kept saying it was for the sake of our mission, but he could have easily used his magic to deflect some of her evilness, yet he didn’t.”
“He didn’t want her to know he possessed it,” I mused aloud.
“Exactly!” Gwendoline said, excitedly. “‘Tis a disadvantage that she has magic, but an advantage that she doesn’t know Geo has it.” She looked at me with glee, “Or ye, for that matter.”
“Is Geo’s magic strong?” I asked.
“It could be,” she replied, “if he’d study.  He never had the desire.  Even so, he has enough of a handle on it to do some damage if need be.”
Luthias bent down and kissed me long and slow before releasing me.  Admittedly, I kissed him back.  It was partly because I didn’t want to upset the applecart just before our rescue mission, but also because I did love him and enjoyed his kisses almost as much as I enjoyed Geo’s.  As my guilt and judgment of my actions crept up, I forced them back.  I’d worry about my shameless side later.
“We need to get Geo out of there,” he said while rubbing his hands together.  “What’s the plan?”
We spent the better part of an hour formulating a rescue plan for Geo.  
Gwendoline scryed in order to get a better idea of the area that contained Geo while Luthias scouted as best he could for stray mutants that might be meandering the neighborhood. Things looked good. Clearly, they weren’t expecting a rescue attempt.
We managed to reach the old dilapidated shack with only a brief scuffle with two mutant guards. Gwendoline was surprised by their poor state of alertness. Mutant humans were often confused with zombies because of their appearance. Zombies were actual carcasses that were brought back to life. They had minimal brain activity and functioned at the equivalent to that of a primitive animal.  Mutants, on the other hand, were humans whose DNA was mutated -or should I say mutilated- by radiation.  They thought with clear heads but reasoned more like primitive animals than sophisticated humans. The mutants we battled leaned more toward zombie than mutant.
We found the shack empty. Luthias walked around the interior searching for a trap door.  It made sense that they’d hold Geo below ground.  The interior of the shack was like an oven.  Not even the guards would survive in it for very long.  
“Here,” he whispered as he motioned for us to join him.
We scurried to where he stood and he pointed at the corner of a trap door peeking out from beneath a ratty braided jute rug. I pulled back the rug while Luthias raised the trap door.  Gwendoline stood ready to blast fireballs at anyone we might encounter when the door opened. To our surprise and relief, the passage was empty.
We decided to leave Gwendoline at the trap door in case there were more mutant guards wandering about. Luthias entered first.  When he reached the bottom, he whispered in a tone just loud enough for me to hear to follow him. He took my hand and pulled me behind him as we walked down a narrow passage. It wasn’t as bad as the one leading to the portal to Verso, but it was still too narrow for us to walk comfortably side by side.
We reached the chamber where Geo’s cell could be found with incredible ease. In fact, both Luthias and I thought it seemed just a little too easy. He placed me at the entrance to keep watch while he went deeper into the chamber in search of Geo’s cell.  I listened the creaking of metal and hoped it was Luthias bending the bars and not something more sinister. I waited for what seemed like forever while my ears strained to hear something more after the creaking stopped.  The silence was nerve wracking.  I was just about to leave my post and go in search of them when Luthias appeared with Geo in tow.  Geo had clearly been drugged.
The minute Geo laid eyes on me his entire demeanor grew more animated.  He tried to speak my name and we shushed him immediately.  We weren’t out of danger yet and had no idea who was nearby. Clearly not himself, Geo struggled against Luthias as he tried to reach for me.  Luthias had no choice but to snap his neck.
When I stifled a horrified gasp, Luthias leaned forward and assured me that Geo would revive within an hour or two, depending upon how drugged he was.  Snapping a vampire’s neck was like punching a man in the jaw to knock him out, nothing more. 
Relieved, I hurried ahead.   Luthias followed a few yards behind with Geo’s limp body flung over his shoulder like a sack of flour. Seeing this reminded me of our playfulness not so long ago and I smiled.  I guessed Luthias was thinking the same when he flashed that sexy, winning smile of his at me in a knowing fashion.
Gwendoline was pacing from the door, to the window, to the trap door, and around again when I climbed out of the passage.  She anxiously looked at me.  I smiled and nodded my head in the direction of the opening in the floor just as Luthias shot out with Geo’s body flopping like a rag doll over his shoulder.  
No one spoke.
Instead, we darted out of the shack and across the barren flat land to the hillside where we’d camped the night before. I was upset by how winded I was by the time we stopped until I noticed both Luthias and Gwendoline breathing a little heavier than normal.  I suddenly didn’t feel so odd man out.
Luthias laid Geo gently on the ground while he explained to Gwendoline why he felt it necessary to knock him out with a neck snap. Gwendoline listened intently while she studied Geo’s fingernails, ears, and eyes.  When she was finished, she confirmed he’d been drugged and that she had a strong idea what herb was used to do the job.  It was then that I learned laboratory medicines had no effect on a vampire. Only nature was potent enough to take down a vampire. It had something to do with their chemistry makeup. To someone who was thoroughly schooled in herbology and horticulture, this was good news.
I stood a distance away while I watched mother and brother care for my unconscious love with adept and loving hands. Luthias’s ministrations were so gentle, one would think he was caring for a fragile child instead of a centuries old virile warrior lord.  The love he had for his brother was clear not only in his actions, but in the concerned way he inspected Geo’s body and movements. 
Geo lay peaceful, without a worry in the world to mark his handsome features. His dark hair framed his face, accentuating his perfectly shaped brows and aristocratic nose.  His dark, doe-like eyes were closed, but I remembered them well and could easily fill in the blanks. My gaze traveled over his lean, muscular body as it lay stretched out to its fullest length.  His biceps bulged from beneath the short sleeves of his tee shirt to the point I could see the blood pumping through pronounced veins. The outline of his powerful thighs was prominent against his well-worn jeans that fastened snugly around his narrow hips.  Visions of our love making flitted through my mind and I heaved a heavy sigh. I missed his passionate kisses and knowing touch.
Luthias moved past me and my eyes immediately fell upon him. Once again, I found myself comparing my two champions. Like Geo, Luthias radiated a power that was both sexy and foreboding.  His insistence on dressing like a dandy gave a false impression of weakness to foes who didn’t know him. His manner of dress, combined with his handsome features, created a look that drove women mad with desire. His face was strong like Geo’s. Although I was able to see a resemblance when I thought they were cousins, knowing they were brothers made me look a little closer. Their hair and flesh had a different coloring. Geo was more Mediterranean in appearance which gave me a fair idea of his father’s heritage. This of course was something Gwendoline searched for before coupling with him since her husband was from a wealthy Italian family that immigrated to the Scotland Highlands to avoid the wrath of a disgruntled holy roman emperor.  It was easy to pass Geo off as his son.  Since Gwendoline and her entire family were fair, when she’d selected a man to father Luthias who was of Anglo origin and quite fair, she’d hoped to declare her genes the prominent ones to her husband and his people.  The circumstances surrounding Luthias’s birth prompted her to fabricate the story of him being her nephew, which eliminated the need to try to convince the people of her land that her husband fathered him.  
Luthias’s intricately tailored clothing did a better job of disguising his powerful, sculpted muscles, but I knew firsthand they equaled Geo’s.  It concerned me when I felt a jolt of desire and a pang of love in my heart for this beautiful and very sexy brother of my vampire love.  It could only mean trouble, yet it was solidifying regardless.
Luthias clearly loved his brother.  What would happen when he found out I was carrying Geo’s child and not his?  I was a human who let him feed off me.  Not only had he taken a considerable amount of my blood, but we’d shared body fluids in other ways. We’d made love.  It didn’t matter that I’d made love to him in a dream state. The act was done and now he thought I carried his child in my womb.  
If I was to be honest with myself, I’d have to admit that I wanted to lay with him.  It would have been easy to blame it all on the feeding bond, but I knew better.  I knew deep inside me that Luthias stirred something that had nothing to do with vampire bonding. Of course, pheromones played a big part, but it was more than that. He felt familiar. He was kind, gentle, and caring. He made me feel safe and loved. Most of all he was inherently good from the inside out.  I also knew without a doubt that, had I never met Geo, I would have given myself to Luthias body and soul. He was the epitome of perfection. He’d managed to work his way into my heart even though I did my best to block him. I had to be honest at least with myself, and admit I loved him.  It would break my heart if I broke his.
My joy over discovering Geo was alive and that I carried his child was instantly replaced by regret, dread, and sadness.  I was disgusted with myself and my actions. I realized it took two to make a relationship, but I also knew in my heart of hearts that neither of these brothers would ever go into a situation they knew would end badly without undeniable persuasion and temptation. I was their temptress.  My lack of control singlehandedly created a situation that could only end badly.  As a result of my wanton selfishness, two brothers who were loyal and inseparable for centuries would now be pitted against each other. All because of me. It wasn’t fair to them and it made me feel terrible about myself. I couldn’t ruin their happiness. Not only could I not allow myself to come between them, I needed to regain my self-respect. 
I knew then what I must do. 
Gwendoline thought it best to keep Geo as he was until we’d returned to Verso.  
She was clearly fearful of what would occur when he discovered my bond with Luthias and she wanted whatever happened to happen within the boundaries of Verso, not on the outside. It was decided that traveling in the night would be too dangerous since mutants were at their strongest then.  We found a cave in the hills and cloaked it with a spell of invisibility before settling in. Since Luthias and Gwendoline had used a considerable amount of their power to rescue Geo in the shortest amount of time, both were grateful for the rest they’d get before journeying back with Geo’s deadweight over Luthias’s shoulder. 
Gwendoline made a point of lecturing Luthias about keeping his distance from me until things were settled with Geo.  Although he wasn’t happy about it, he agreed it was probably for the best. After a long passionate kiss goodnight, he settled in on the opposite side of the cave on the luxurious bed Gwendoline magically summoned for him.  Within minutes he’d fallen into what appeared to be yet another vampire sleep.  
Although my heart went out to this wonderful vampire who’d taxed his energy to its limits to save his brother, I had to admit I was glad to see him return to vampire slumber. This left only Gwendoline to slip past once she’d fallen asleep.
I’d decided the only thing for me to do was to leave these dear people and to return to my grandparent’s home.  Surely Sybil had checked it by now and found nothing.  My only concern was making it there before Gwendoline and my two vampire lovers discovered I was gone. I spent the remainder of the afternoon and much of the evening contemplating the best way to do this while feigning the need to rest.  I saw no alternative than to use my magic. With the exception of making the tent disappear, I hadn’t tapped into my magic. Gwendoline was insistent that I needed to take it slow once out of Verso until we found out how it would behave.  The density of the vibrations had an effect on magic and the earth’s natural surface vibrated far differently than in Verso.  I felt that difference when I made the tent disappear. It felt stronger and like it might be a bit harsher on my body if I used it for something more than parlor tricks, like disappearing tents. I guessed this was the same for Gwendoline when she fell into deep sleep almost immediately after climbing into the bed she’d manifested.
From all I’d been told, it would take me weeks to reach home while traveling over a perilous route. I still had Sybil and Charles searching for me. Once I left them, Gwendoline, Geo, and Luthias would be added to the mix.  That in itself was enough to have to deal with.  The added concern of Bartholomew’s men and mutants made traditional travel impossible. Magic was my only choice.
I took some time to write out a spell that would not only teleport me to my grandparent’s home, but would cloak my whereabouts from my companions. This took considerable thought.  Not only did I need to cloak myself from a powerful witch, but I needed to somehow sever the vampire bond that allowed Luthias to know my whereabouts and summon me on command. I had no idea if I could pull it off, but I had to try. It was time I stopped being so selfish.  Once I was out of their lives, they’d be able to go back to the way things were before they met me. It broke my heart to think I’d never see them again, but at least I’d have a piece of Geo in my child. In a way, it would also be a small connection to Luthias too; since they shared the same blood. 
I forced myself to push the sadness and regret I felt for leaving them away while I waited until I was certain no one would arouse when I slipped past them and tiptoed out into the night.  Although the cool air was like a refreshing slap in my face, I felt my body heat leave me.  I was shivering within minutes. I regretted not having the foresight to grab a blanket to use as a wrap. Since I didn’t dare press my luck by returning to the cave, I shrugged off the cold as best I could and picked my way down the hill through the thick brush until I reached the flat clearing just feet below the cave’s opening. I turned and scoped the area to make sure no one followed me and was surprised to see only rock. Gwendoline’s spell prevented me from seeing the actual opening of the cave.  I had to admire the woman.  She was good.  I just hoped I’d learned enough from her to pull off what I was about to do.
Once again, my heart tugged at the thought of never seeing them again and once again I forced myself to proceed with plans I knew I must follow through with. I reached in my pocket and pulled out the piece of fabric I’d managed to tear from the bedding Gwendoline provided me without anyone noticing and read the words I scribbled on it with my own blood. It was a risky thing to do, considering I was traveling with two vampires, but since I had no pen or fire to provide charcoal, I saw no other option.
I stood with my feet planted firmly apart and my arms raised to the sky as I read my spell in a soft, firm tone, “Tóg dom as an áit seo do bhaile, a chur chugam díreach ná a dhéanamh dom roam. Cheilt dom ó gach súl draíochta, dom a chosaint ó bhannaí ina gceangal mar sin iad siúd perusing dom dall.” 
The ground trembled beneath my feet and my surroundings swirled around me with such speed I wasn’t able to identify anything. I was caught in a whirlwind of energy for so long I became nauseous. My muscles trembled and jolted as I fell to my knees.  I was dizzy and disoriented. Panic took over. I was so new at doing magic. Had I done the spell incorrectly? Was I going to die in this funnel of energy?  Worse yet, was I trapped in it?  I had no idea how much more swirling and twirling my body could tolerate.
Then it stopped.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


When my grandparents rushed into my bedroom to investigate the noise my entrance caused, they found me lying face down in my own vomit. I was too weak to explain to them my whereabouts over the last weeks or how I managed to make it home, but that didn’t stop them from trying to get it out of me. I didn’t blame them for their incessant questions. Since it was my intention to merely question Geo about Sybil and not go with him to meet her, I hadn’t told them where I was going or what I was about. I can only imagine the worry my disappearance caused them.
They were incredibly curious about where I’d been, but were also considerate -once they’d recovered from the shock of finding me face down in my own vomit on my bedroom floor- enough to recognize I wasn’t physically up to telling them. My grandfather lifted me from my pool of sick and lovingly carried me into the bathroom where my grandmother was already preparing a bath.  Even in my weakened and foggy state, I was impressed by the strength he displayed.  His daily training certainly paid off.
Once my grandfather left us alone, my grandmother helped me undress and guided me into the hot soothing water.  She’d sprinkled essence of lavender into the bath and I couldn’t help remembering the bath I’d shared with Geo. Her hands diligently worked to help me wash the vomit from my long golden-brown locks.  It seemed years since I relaxed in a luxurious bath without lust, fear, or trepidation accompanying it.  I felt safe and nurtured.
Once she was certain I was clean, she helped me from the tub and wrapped me in a soft bath sheet before guiding me back to my room.  My grandfather took the time to bring in a portable brazier to help against the night’s chill.  I sat in a chair near it and allowed the heat to dry my long locks while my grandmother lovingly brushed them, while humming a lullaby she’d hummed to me over the years whenever I was upset. 
My grandfather sat on the edge of my bed and watched the two most important females in his life, but said nothing.  My eyes grew heavy and my head drooped. He pulled a thick flannel nightgown from my dresser drawer and gently pulled it over my head.  He turned his back while my grandmother removed the bath sheet she’d secured around my chest and finished helping me into it.  It felt soft and cozy.
When she announced I was ready, he carried me to my bed. The two loving people who’d raised and nurtured me for ten years tucked me into the freshly made bed and kissed me goodnight as they had so many nights throughout my childhood. I smiled at them gratefully, rolled my body to face the wall, and fell into a deep sleep.
When I awoke, the sweet smell of my grandmother’s home-made sausage and biscuits permeated the air. I sat up feeling refreshed and happy. I was home and amongst normal human beings who loved me, unconditionally. The big test would be their reaction to the news that I was pregnant by a vampire. Although I dreaded telling them where I’d been and the trials I’d been through, I knew they’d be understanding. They had to be, because I needed them to be.
I slipped on my thick robe and slippers and made my way to the bathroom. My tireless grandmother had already cleaned up all signs of our bathing party just hours earlier.  The woman was remarkable. I quickly performed my morning constitution.  I made a point of wiping the sink dry and tidying up after myself before scooting off to the kitchen.  
Grandfather was already at the table reading something on his tablet that he’d downloaded from the internet.  Since this was his daily habit, I made no mention of it when I sat down opposite him.  Instead, I reached for a piping hot biscuit and the honey butter placed next to it in the center of the table.
“I’m starving,” I said.
“You’ve developed an appetite?” my grandfather said, nonchalantly.
“I guess I have,” I replied.
“Good,” he said. “You were too skinny.”
“Were?” I said with surprise.
“You’ve gained weight while you were … wherever you were,” my grandmother offered as she placed a large sausage link on my plate.  “You look good, child.”
I chewed slowly on my food while I thought of the best way to approach the story I knew I had to tell.  Silence filled the room to the point of uncomfortable while they waited to hear what it was I had to say. I finally decided to swallow my pride and tell them the truth exactly as it happened.  I skipped over the parts where I seduced Geo, practically raped Luthias, and had a lesbian encounter with Abigail, but, otherwise, they heard it all as it happened. Of course, I left out the graphic details about my marriage consummation and just left it as he was rough and hurtful. They didn’t need to know just how sadistic a creature their daughter bartered me to was.
When they discovered the doctor who tended to my fake abortion and reinstatement of virginity status was my grandfather’s deceased brother, their brows were raised, but they didn’t seem surprised to hear he was a vampire.  Once again, I was discovering one of the many secrets they’d kept from me while growing up. 
My grandmother agreed with Gwendoline that the baby I carried was Geo’s. She was familiar with the equipment Uncle Milton used and assured me they were not for the purpose of aborting. They were developed during the nuclear crisis to assist stressed females who were at risk of miscarrying in keeping the seed in their womb long enough for it to take hold and the embryo to take shape so the population of normal human beings could be replenished.
“Old Milt must think highly of this Geo fella to defy Sybil in such a way,” my grandfather said.
“He’s part of Geo’s people.  Geo’s the king of Verso,” I offered. “Uncle Milton, Geo, and a few other Verso vampires infiltrated Sybil’s society while Luthias, Abigail and some other Verso vampires slipped into Charles’s kingdom. They were working on some plan to unite mutant vampires with the outside vampires to try to take Bartholomew down.  Since the vampires want to annihilate the mutant-vampires, they came up with a plan to tie them together through me.”
“That’s a pretty ambitious task,” my grandfather mused.
“I really don’t know much about it. I only learned about it because I overheard them arguing with Geo about how he ruined their plans by stealing me away from Charles,” I said with remorse. “I caused so much trouble to so many.  I should never have followed him that day.”
My grandmother wrapped her arms around me, lovingly, and whispered in my ear, “If you hadn’t then you may never have found true love, my sweet girl.”
Tears trickled down my cheek.  I brushed them away quickly and said with as much bravado as I could muster, “I don’t deserve to be loved.  I’m a wicked person.  I’m no different than Sybil.”
“What?” my grandmother and my grandfather exclaimed simultaneously.  
“We’ll hear no more of that, girl,” my grandfather bellowed.
“No, we certainly won’t,” my grandmother chimed. “You can’t help where your heart takes you.  Do you think you’re the only person ever torn between two loves?”
“They wouldn’t love me if I hadn’t started it,” I said with a pout.
My grandfather’s laugh echoed off the walls. 
“Oh, the innocence of children,” he managed to say between peals of laughter.  “My dear child, no one can make someone love them.  They either love or they don’t love.  It comes because it’s supposed to be.”
“They both told me the same thing,” I groaned.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Casey,” my grandmother said as she cleared the dishes from the table and placed them in the sink.  “Rather than have this little pity party you seem to be wanting to wallow in, I think it wise we address your condition. Your vampire loves aren’t going anywhere. We have a baby to prepare for and, from what I understand, he’ll be coming soon.”
“He?” I said hesitantly.  “You know it’s a he?”
“If you were merely carrying a magical child I’d know for certain, but the vampire genes are throwing me a little.  Even so, I’m betting you have a son in your womb,” my grandmother explained.
“Gwendoline said our family has a magical lineage,” I said.
“We were going to tell you about that soon,” my grandfather explained. “You’ve been receiving training for that time all these years.” 
“I suspected as much,” I said with a smile.
“You always were a bright girl,” he said as he returned my smile with genuine warmth.
“Well now,” my grandmother said as she stood looking at me with her hands on her hips.  “It seems to me you’re back to normal enough to help out around here.  I need to go out to the greenhouse to fetch some herbs to make a tonic to keep you and that baby healthy. Arthur needs to get started making some baby furniture. That leaves you to do the dishes young lady.”
I chuckled as I caught the apron she tossed my way.  Nothing could have said how much they loved me better than to treat me as if nothing happened.  It was their way of saying it would be alright.  
I loved these people.
“I can do it with magic,” I called out playfully as they exited the room.
“Don’t you dare,” floated in from the direction my grandmother took.
I giggled like a school girl while I tied the apron around my waist.  I couldn’t help noticing that my abdomen was distended a bit more than it was the day before.  My son was growing quickly. Once I was done with the dishes I would go through my closet to see what clothes I could alter to fit my changing body. 
Our kitchen sink rested below a large picture window that provided a panoramic view of the mountains in the distance. I was going over my wardrobe inventory in my mind while staring at the mountains when I caught movement in the distance. I strained my eyes to see better.  Were they deceiving me?  Was that Sybil making her way across the flats just as bold as you please? My heart bolted into my throat and I dropped a dish on the floor. The shattering brought my grandfather in post haste. I pointed out the reason for my anxiety and he hurried out to fetch my grandmother.
“We’ve been waiting for this day,” she said as she rushed into the room “We just didn’t think we’d have to defend a mother-to-be.”
“It does complicate things,” my grandfather mused aloud.
“I’m sorry,” I said.  
“Stop before you start,” my grandmother snapped.   “Now is not the time for that nonsense.  We need to focus.”
“She’s taking her time,” my grandfather pointed out.
“Is she alone?” I asked.
“I doubt it,” my grandmother replied as she looked out the window at the shell of the daughter she once knew. “She’s probably moving so slowly to keep our attention while her goons surround us. Good thinking, child.”  
My mouth dropped when I saw her raise her hands above her head and spread her legs in typical witch fashion.  Without hesitation she spoke with authority, “Draíocht mo shinsir Iarraim ye amach. Teach seo nacht ó dheas ó thuaidh. Õ soir go siar sciath go léir, a ligean ar na daoine a iarracht a shárú sé ag teacht.”
“You cast a shield around us,” I said with wonder.
“That I did,” my grandmother said. 
“Unfortunately, Sybil was a good study and will find a way to remove it soon; just like she did the original one I cast.”
“Let’s go,” my grandfather said as he pulled the table to the side of the room, lifted the small round rug that rested beneath it to the side, and pulled on a ring attached to a trap door in the floor.
“I’m not dressed,” was all I could manage to say as I followed my grandparents into the root cellar below the house.
“We’ll worry about that later,” my grandmother snapped.
I could feel my face burning from the embarrassment of my foolish words.  What a silly thing to worry about when running from an evil mutant-vampire.
Things started happening really fast after that. My grandfather methodically handed me the bow and arrows I used while hunting with him over the years. Almost without thinking I filled two quivers with as many arrows as I could and then slung one over each shoulder. Even though adrenaline was surging through my veins, I stood, patiently, while I watched my grandparents follow suit. Expecting we’d barge up the stone steps that led to the outside and storm our attackers with an onslaught of arrows, I was surprised when my grandfather pulled a cupboard full of my grandmother’s canned goods away from the wall.  There was a door behind it.  He pushed the door open and beckoned us to follow.  My grandmother nudged me in the small of my back and I moved quickly into the passage behind my grandfather.  Unlike the other passages I traveled through over the last few weeks, this one was roomy and well lit. I looked back in time to see my grandmother grab a thick strap that was attached to the cupboard and pull it effortlessly back to the wall.  It was then I realized the cupboard was on casters.  She quickly pushed the door shut and bolted it before silently motioning me to follow my grandfather.
We walked at a quiet, methodical, and determined pace.  It was the same gait I’d been trained to use while traveling the countryside hunting for food or for photos.  Although much slower than the pace I kept with my vampire companions, we still traveled at a good speed, but this one didn’t leave me breathless.
From the distance we traveled, I guessed the tunnel was taking us to the mountains. When my grandfather held up his hand for us to stop and pressed against a panel in the wall to expose the world outside, I soon learned I was right.  Even in the midst of our perilous escape, I couldn’t help being amazed at the incredible resourcefulness of my grandparents. Nor could I escape a tiny pang of sorrow over their belief they needed to keep so many secrets from me.  Of course, my running off with Geo certainly proved them right in the emotional maturity department. I couldn’t deny the fact that, had I known about the tunnel prior to my crash course in reality, I would have probably acted the foolish child and used the tunnel to sneak out on more than one occasion. My grandparents knew me well. Probably better than I knew myself.
I hadn’t realized how stale and stifling the air in the passage was until I filled my lungs with fresh mountain air.  We came out close to the oasis where I first met up with Geo and agreed to go with him. My heart fluttered with each step I took as we drew closer to it.
My grandfather slid an arrow from his quiver with lightning speed, positioned it in his bow, and released it. It all happened so fast I was hard pressed to follow the process. Thinking he spotted and shot one of Sybil’s mutants, I was horrified when I caught sight of Gwendoline and Luthias standing over Geo’s motionless body.
I grabbed his arm just as he was preparing to load another arrow.
“No, stop!” I gasped. “You just shot Geo.  They aren’t the enemy.  Please stop.”
My plea quickly sunk into his level head and he lowered his bow.
“I didn’t know,” he said, apologetically.
I raced toward the trio. I was moving with such momentum that, when I fell to my knees a few feet from Geo, I slid until I reached his out stretched body.
“Geo!” I exclaimed a little louder than was advisable.
“Hush lass,” Gwendoline hissed. “He’ll be fine. The arrow took him by surprise and knocked him out is all. He’ll be back up in a heartbeat.”
She’d barely finished scolding me for my thoughtless bellowing and assuring me Geo would be fine when he raised himself on his elbow.
“Did you miss me, my love?” he asked with a boyish grin.
I slapped his chest while I made a few mock remarks about how irritating he could be and then stood up to introduce everyone to my grandparents.  Although they were gracious with their acceptance of my vampire friends, I was surprised by their reaction to Gwendoline. Neither stepped forward to offer their hand in greeting to the sweet centuries old woman who I realized occupied a space in my heart equal to that of my grandparents. It hurt me deeply to see her hand hanging in mid-air while she waited for someone to accept it as they had her sons.
“Grandmother,” I hissed.
She shook her head as if to clear it and apologized, profusely, for her rudeness as she accepted Gwendoline’s hand in greeting. 
“‘Tis about time ye came out of hiding, Millie, my dear old friend,” Gwendoline said gently before pulling my grandmother into a warm embrace. She looked at my grandfather and asked, “How have ye been, Arthur?”
“Just fine, Gwen,” he said with a warm smile.  “Ye are a sight for these old eyes.”
I don’t know which shocked me more, the fact that my grandparents clearly knew Gwendoline or the shift in my grandfather’s speech pattern. 
“I’m sorry,” I blurted out. “Am I missing something?”
Geo, Luthias, and I looked on as the three old friends slapped each other on the back and hugged in a warm reunion.  As I looked from vampire to vampire, I could see that they were just as confused as I was.
Gwendoline finally took pity on us and said, “Ye already know the magic can make ye live on for centuries.  These old buzzards aren’t the young chicks they make themselves out to be.  They’re as old as these hills and then some.”
“Go away with ye,” my grandmother scoffed. “I’m still younger than you’ll ever be.”
“By mere months, my dear... mere months,” Gwendoline said with amusement.
“By the gods, are we going to have this conversation again?  ‘Tis as if no time’s passed at all,” my grandfather complained, light heartedly.
“Aye,” Gwendoline agreed. “We should probably focus on the task at hand.”
“I agree,” came a voice from within the trees. 
We all simultaneously turned to discover Sybil walking boldly toward us. To my dismay and surprise, she’d managed to cast some sort of netting that formed a cocoon around the bodies of Gwendoline and my grandparents.  Only their eyes and nose were exposed. 
“We can’t have you old timers weaving any spells to prevent me from being reunited with my daughter now, can we?” she said with a sickening sweetness. Her eyes darkened to display her anger when she set eyes on me. “Hello daughter. You’ve been a great inconvenience and embarrassment to your mother. Not only did you shame me, but you put me in a position of having to bow down to a vampire king who I’d much prefer slaughtering.”
She turned to Geo. “I’m so glad to see you’re alive and well, dear Geo. I have such plans for your magic at my side.  Naughty vampire, hiding it from me like you did.”
Geo stood up.  He pulled my grandfather’s arrow from his chest and tossed it boldly in her direction. It was if he was silently challenging her.
“Perhaps one day we’ll get to see your true value as a warrior,” she cooed as she raised her hands and shot an energy net around Geo, Luthias, and me. “I’m fully aware you’ve been holding back in order to hide your true identity, my lord.”
I heard a low growl rumble in Geo’s throat as he tried to step toward Sybil. The only thing she’d left free to move was our heads.  Had the situation not been so grave, I would have thought the scene a comical sight.
“So, this is your faithful side-kick,” she sneered as she moved toward Luthias. “It’s unfortunate his magic isn’t as strong as yours.  Then, he had only one magical parent instead of two.” She heaved a dramatic sigh, “It makes a difference you know.  Look at me.  My parents waited... hmm... how long mommy?  Oh yes, centuries, to have me.  But, it was worth it.  You see, the older you get, the stronger your magic becomes.  By the time these old coots sired me, they had more magic for me to absorb than one can possibly imagine. Do you know the best part?” She looked me straight in the eye as she continued with her evil taunting, “They were so busy raising my brat that they never noticed the spell I cast to siphon their magic into me.  It’s why I’m so powerful.”
“Sybil,” my grandmother moaned. Although her speech was muffled from the web, we could clearly hear the words. “Daughter.”
“Don’t worry mother.  It was mostly father’s magic I siphoned.  I figured he was too busy hunting and training to miss it,” she explained vehemently. “He was always too busy.  Weren’t you, papa?”
She returned her attention to Luthias.
“Prince Vogel will be arriving shortly, so our little reunion will have to wait.  I have plans for Geo that don’t include allowing the prince to rip his heart from his chest as he so dearly longs to do,” she said while still inspecting Luthias. “As for you, my handsome vampire.  It would be a waste to see you lose that gorgeous head of yours.  I think you’d make a fine addition to my mutant family.”
I could see Luthias’s muscles straining against the spell as Sybil opened her mouth to bite him.  His eyes were wide with loathing as he flung insults about what he thought of her turning him mutant while he continued to struggle against her spell.
“If you don’t stop thrashing your head like that I’ll have to paralyze you completely,” Sybil said impatiently.  “I need to bite you in the jugular if you’re to retain your intelligence after you’ve mutated.  We wouldn’t want me to miss my mark now, would we?”
She was like a cat playing with its food.  We all knew she could have easily bitten Luthias. The theatrics were purely for her enjoyment. As if her teasing and taunting weren’t enough, she added to the mix by insisting he was too tall for her to comfortably reach the spot she needed to bite.  So, she proceeded to find a log to place in front of him to stand on.
By the time she’d completed her dramatic show, my blood was boiling so much that I felt as if I would scald anyone who touched my flesh. Energy was building up in me to the point my bones were trembling. I could stand no more.
“You leave him alone, you evil, evil bitch,” I screamed as Sybil opened her mouth wide and bared her gruesome fangs.
My outburst shocked Sybil enough to stop her in her tracks.
“Why daughter,” she said with surprised amusement.  “Is that any way to speak to your mother?”
“My mother died ten years ago,” I said. “You’re nothing but a monster in her shell.”
“Casey!” my grandmother managed to project from the confines of her webbed cocoon. “Don’t antagonize her.”
“Wise advice, mother dear,” Sybil said with a sneer.
“I’d like to do more than antagonize!” I bellowed.
“We can discuss this after I’ve tended to turning this handsome vampire into one of my mutants,” she said as she turned her attention back to Luthias.
“You won’t touch him!” I roared. 
I can’t say I actually know what happened, but, without warning, I was free from the spell that held me motionless and I was on the attack.  I flung my body at Sybil; knocking her off the log.  I felt a searing pain in my abdomen when her weight landed on me as we slammed to the ground, but I ignored it as I leapt to my feet and kicked her square in the jaw.  Although I was hot in the fury of the moment, a tiny piece of me took the time to mentally thank my grandfather for those years of self-defense lessons.
“You little bitch,” Sybil roared as she scrambled to her feet and rushed toward me.
The air left my lungs swiftly as she tackled me to the ground.  It was clear she was trying to bite me in the same spot she’d targeted on Luthias.  
“You’ll never turn me into one of your monsters,” I gasped as I struggled to hold her at bay.
“Would you rather die?” she growled.
She’d managed to pin me to the ground in such a way that a passerby might think they’d stumbled upon a wrestling match. Something in the finality of her last remark brought a surge of energy forth from deep within me. 
“No, would you?” I roared as I whipped my body out from under her with lighting speed and jammed my fist into her unsuspecting chest.
Once again, I felt the soft, squishiness of a beating heart in my grasp.  I closed my eyes to prevent my seeing the look of shock and horror on the face that once belonged to a mother I held dear as I pulled with all my might. The loud sucking noise as my fist left her chest cavity echoed off the trees as I tossed the heart as far as I could manage in my exhausted state.
Silence permeated our surroundings as the cocoons that entrapped Gwendoline and my grandparents disappeared; as did the energy bands around Geo and Luthias.  I looked wearily at Luthias and then Geo. Neither one moved.  I saw no bands, so why didn’t they move?  Was there more to the spell than I realized. Had the spell not left them with Sybil’s death?
“You saved me,” Luthias finally said in a voice just above a whisper.
“I guess I did,” I replied just before the world went black.
 

 

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


My grandmother and Gwendoline were hovered together at the foot of my bed when I awoke.  They were talking too softly for me to understand their words, but it was clear they were concerned.
“What happened,” I asked as I struggled to get up.
Gwendoline rushed to my side and gently pushed me back down onto the bed.
“Ye need to lie still, lass,” she said gently.  “That babe inside ye took a beating during your battle to save Luthias.  He’s debating whether to stay in there or leave us.”
I could see the moistness in Gwendoline’s eyes as she struggled to control her emotions.
“I’m losing my baby?” I wailed with remorse.
My grandmother pulled a chair up next to the bed and sat down to comfort me as she’d done so many times over the years.
“You fought ferociously, sweetheart. The strain on your body, combined with Sybil’s full weight slamming on you when you knocked her off the log, did some damage to the pregnancy.  It may not hold,” she said, reluctantly.  “I’m sorry, Casey.  I know you want this baby.”
“I’m losing my baby,” I repeated softly.
“She’s in shock,” my grandfather said from across the room.  “Give her something for the shock.”
“Go away with you,” my grandmother barked.  “I’ll not be having you tell us women our jobs.”
“Then do your job, woman,” he commanded as he left the room.
I didn’t take their bickering seriously. This kind of banter happened often between my grandparents.  Now that I knew how long they’d actually been together, I wasn’t surprised. That many years of bonding brings on a certain familiarity and understanding that can only be understood by others in the same situation.
“He’s still a feisty old coot,” Gwendoline said with a chuckle.
“He’ll never change,” my grandmother said with a smile.
“Would ye want him to?” Gwendoline asked.
“Never,” my grandmother replied.
“How do you two know each other?” I asked.
“Ah, now that’s a story to be told,” my grandmother said, enthusiastically. “Grab that chair in the corner Gwen and pull it up next to me.  I’ll need your help with this one.”
Laughter and lightheartedness abounded as the two old women I held so dear shared with me the story of how they’d met, fallen in love, and battled over the same man.  My grandfather.  
Magic was a very real and accepted practice in their early years before human scientists convinced the world that it was nothing more than a hoax. Those born with the gift actually attended class to learn to develop and control their abilities. It was in one of these classes that Gwendoline and my grandmother met. The magical girls were kept segregated from the boys, but they were brought together during times of celebration. It was while attending one of these celebrations that the two fourteen-year-old fae witches met the ever so handsome warlock, Arthur Camron. My grandfather. 
Since Arthur found them both amazing and attractive, the young witches spent a season competing for his attention. It was his parents who finally chose my grandmother over Gwendoline. Although my grandfather often insisted he would have made the same choice, they would never be sure. Gwendoline went on to marry a man who wasn’t magical.  She quickly got over the disappointment of losing Arthur. Sadly, her new life with her new husband prevented her from openly continuing her magical studies, as well as associating with Millie and Arthur. Their connection was eventually lost. It was clear the two women were once good friends and heartwarming to see them reunited.
I was about to say so when a pain shot through my abdomen. I rolled on my side and wailed, uncontrollably, while Gwendoline and my grandmother did their best to console me.  The possibility of losing my child was acute and very, very real.
Luthias rushed to my side and knelt down so that his face was close to mine.
“I’m so sorry, my lovely,” he whispered.  
Without thinking I placed my hand affectionately on his cheek.
“I thought she was going to turn you into a mutant,” I whimpered. “I couldn’t stand the thought of losing you to them.”
He took my hand and kissed its palm.
“Saving me could cost the life of our son. I’ll never forgive myself if that happens,” he whispered. “I’ll never forget your bravery and what you did for me.”
His words were enough to stop my tears.  No one told him the child wasn’t his.  I suppose they were waiting for the right opportunity. I was at a loss for words. I looked past him to where Geo stood frozen as he watched the intimate scene between Luthias and me. I didn’t know what to do, so I resorted to crying. It offered me an outlet for so many sorrows and was something no one would deny me at this moment.  I cried and cried until I could cry no more.
Hours later, I lay in a freshly made bed, wearing a clean cozy night gown. Although they were able to save my child, I was still feeling out of sorts and was ordered to stay in bed. I didn’t mind. I was in no hurry to face the vampire brothers.
The house was bustling for most of the day. The women spent their time caring for me, while the men prepared for the inevitable visit from Prince Vogel. After putting their magic together, Gwendoline and grandmother were able to see the wizard that belonged to Prince Vogel’s entourage. It was he who broke through the shield of Verso.  They had no doubt he’d penetrate the one around our cabin as well.  Once satisfied that I no longer needed their care, Gwendoline and my grandmother teamed up with the men to complete their preparations.
I was finally feeling hungry when I heard a light tapping on my bedroom door. I could smell the rich aroma of grandmother’s famously delicious healing soup through the cracks of my door.  I eagerly sat up in preparation for my meal and bade she enter. My heart skipped a beat when Geo stepped through the door instead. 
The fact that he was unaccustomed to serving others in such a way was painfully apparent as I watched him carefully balance the tray of soup as he tiptoed toward the bed. He obviously feared it wouldn’t make it.  A satisfied sigh of relief escaped his lips as he placed the tray onto the nearby stand my grandmother left positioned next to the bed for just such an occasion and settled into the chair next to it.
“I thought you might be hungry,” he said, timidly.
“I’m starving,” I said with a warm smile that felt wasted since he was looking everywhere but at me.
I reached for the bowl, but he ignored my efforts as he tucked a napkin under my chin, picked up the bowl of soup, and slowly spooned it into my mouth. It was warm, soothing, and nostalgically delicious. Its healing effects went far beyond the body. They seemed to reach right down to my core. Little by little the excruciating pain and shock of having to kill the creature that was once my mother and the trauma of almost losing the child of a most beloved eased into a dull memory.
“Those two old women can sure work wonderful magic,” I said between spoonfuls.
“You did pretty good yourself,” he said, softly.
“I didn’t do anything,” I replied.
“It took powerful magic to break that binding spell,” he said.
“Really?” I said with surprise.  “I hadn’t thought.  I don’t know how it even happened.”
“I do,” he said with a tone that reeked of sadness.
I waited for him to tell me. It took several more spoonfuls of soup before he did.
“You’re in love with Luthias,” he said quietly as he pushed the spoon past my lips.
“Luthias fed off me when he arrived half dead on Gwendoline’s doorstep,” I said after quickly swallowing.
“You resisted that bond with your magic act the night you slipped away,” he said flatly.
“I don’t know what happened,” I said both defensively and apologetically. “He fed on me and then... I don’t know... I woke up and we were... I...”
“I know,” he said stoically. “Luthias told me.” 
He set the half empty bowl of soup back down on the tray and took my hand.  I could feel the love surge from him.  Unfortunately, I could also feel the sadness. I may have been able to weaken the hold Luthias had over me, but clearly Geo’s held firm. I wanted to take him in my arms and profess my need for his love, affection, and trust, but I couldn’t move.
“I want you to listen to me without interruption,” he said, firmly. “Can you do that?” 
I nodded and remained quiet.
“Good,” he said as he absentmindedly played with my fingers. “For the first time in our lives Luthias surprised me by having feelings for someone I loved.  Of course, it’s been centuries since I’ve been serious about a woman, so the opportunities to love the same woman weren’t plentiful. In fact, you’re the first since I turned vampire one-thousand years ago.” He waited for my reaction to his age, but since I already knew from my conversations with Luthias and Gwendoline, I remained quiet. When he realized I wasn’t going to comment, he continued. “I’m sure you noticed my jealousy whenever you and Luthias were near each other. I couldn’t help myself.  I knew he had an attraction to you that surpassed that of his traditional playboy antics. I also knew that, deep within, you felt something for him.” I started to protest and he raised his hand to stop me. “There’s no sense in denying it.  There’s a connection between us that lets us feel what the other one feels.  You know it’s true.  I felt your reaction to Luthias whenever he was near.  Although it saddened me, it didn’t surprise me one bit to hear how far things went after he’d fed on you. I want you to know I don’t blame or hate either of you for what happened.”
I released the air I’d been holding in my lungs as a wave of relief swept over me.
“Let me continue,” he said. My body tensed all over again. I wanted to believe he was going to shower me with professions of love, but the look on his face as he steadied himself to further his conversation worried me. “That binding spell was powerful.  In fact, it was so strong that two ancient and very powerful witches, one adept warlock, and one magical vampire were trapped within it alongside you. Somehow, you miraculously broke it.  Did you know that has never been done before?”
 I shook my head to indicate I didn’t.  
“Yet you broke it,” he said, softly. “It was your love for Luthias and me.... your desire not to come between us that gave you the where-with-all to pull into the depths of your magic and break the vampire connection so we wouldn’t notice you fled.  Gwendoline struggled to scry for you, but had no luck.  It was I who put myself in your shoes and decided that, if I were you, I’d go home.  That is why we came here for you. Your magic is powerful, as is your love.  It was also your love for Luthias that gave you the strength to pull on the magic of your ancestors to break free from Sybil’s binding spell and save him.”
“I just didn’t want to see him turned mutant,” I said, defensively.
“Nor did any of us, yet it was you who broke free,” he continued. “There was no vampire bond prompting to you do what you did.  It was deep and pure love that drove you to his rescue.  The sooner you admit that, the better things will be for all of us.”
I looked into his sad doe-like eyes and felt his pain. How could I explain to him how I felt? How could he understand my confusion over the love I felt for two vampire bothers when he’d just admitted it took him almost one thousand years to get over just one woman and be able to love another?  Did I even deserve the love of this vampire? From all I’d witnessed and heard, Luthias occupied his time, both as a human and a vampire, flirting from one pretty smile to another without a care in the world. Although I was only intimate with Geo and Luthias of my own accord, perhaps I displayed a pattern and personality more suited for Luthias. So why did it feel like Geo was surgically removing my heart without anesthesia?
“Are you dumping me?” I asked with trepidation.
“Not dumping,” he said as he gently brushed a stray hair from my temple. “I’m slowing things down between us. I told you we have a connection that can’t be broken. Not by me, anyway.  My love for you is eternal. What I’m trying to do is to get you to understand your own feelings. Own them and then decide what to do about them.  This requires time. I know I’m guilty of rushing things between us.” He paused, chuckled softly to himself, and shook his head slowly before continuing, “You’re young and I was your first.  I’m not so naïve that I don’t know girls often fantasizing loving the one who took their virginity and I’m not so selfish as to ignore that fact.”
“You’re so old fashioned,” I groaned.
“I’m sure I am,” he said with a chuckle.  “It comes with the territory, I guess.”
“I guess,” I repeated.
“I love you with all my heart and always will,” he said in a choked and raspy voice, “but I won’t stand in your way if you choose to be with Luthias.”
“I love you,” I said as I gripped his hand and pulled it to my chest. “I love you.”
“I know you love me,” he said as he pulled his hand away and stood up.  “Unfortunately, you love my brother too. Time will tell which of us you love the most.”
I sat propped against my pillows. I was speechless as I tried to wrap my head around what just happened, while the wonderful, adoring, father of the child I carried kissed me lightly on the lips and exited the room.  
I spent the remainder of the day in frustrated thought over Geo’s words. Now that the vampire connection between Luthias and myself was, for all intents and purposes, broken, there was no doubting that I had genuine feelings for him. The panic I felt when I saw Sybil preparing to turn my wonderful, handsome, good-down-to-the-core vampire into one of her beasts was unbearable. I couldn’t let her do it.
I caressed my abdomen as I thought about the life Geo and I created from our love.  What was I to do?  Did Geo believe my baby to be Luthias’s child?  Hadn’t anyone told him the truth? Could he really be so cold as to push me away knowing I carried his child in my womb?  He said he loved me and I believed him, but was love enough to overshadow the selfish vamp who came between two brothers? Was that why he was stepping back?
I did my best to reason with myself to not judge myself too harshly.  I was only eighteen years old.  I’d led a sheltered life under the wings of my grandparents. Geo himself reminded me that he’d been my first lover. What he may not have been aware of is that he’d been my first anything. I’d barely set eyes on another person since we went into hiding, let alone a young, handsome, and oh so hunky male such as he.  Was he right?  Did I just think I loved him because he was my first?  Was my love for Luthias truer because I’d been with others before I fell for him?  Is that how things worked?  
As the questions tumbled through my mind, I actually felt embarrassed about being so naïve.  Maybe if I was living nine-hundred years ago this type of naivety would have been the norm, but, in the day and age that I was born, it seemed ridiculously childish.  For the first time in my life, I felt a twinge of resentment for the way my grandparents kept me from the outside world.
The full moon was high in the sky when Luthias knocked on my door before popping his head in and asking for permission to enter. 
“I brought you some tea,” he said, quietly.  “I could hear you rustling about in here and thought it might help relax you.”
“How long have you been standing outside my door?” I asked when I put the tepid tea to my lips.
“Too long, I guess,” he said, meekly. “I wasn’t sure you’d want to see me.”
“You’re always welcome,” I said as I set the tea cup on my nightstand and turned to sit on the edge of the bed.
The mattress gave under his weight more than either of us anticipated when he planted himself beside me and I fell against his chest before I could catch myself.  He wrapped his strong arms around me and held me tight.  I made no attempt to move and he made no effort to release me. We stayed that way in silence for an indeterminable amount of time. We were each lost in our own thoughts.
It felt so right to be in his arms until Geo’s face flashed before me and I became riddled with guilt. It was then that I understood. The entire time Geo was discussing the fact that I loved Luthias, never once had Luthias’s face appeared before me like Geo’s did when Luthias and I were together. I felt no guilt about cheating on Luthias when I was with Geo. Yet I felt incredible guilt about cheating on Geo when I was with Luthias.  It was true I loved Luthias, but there were many levels of love.  I simply loved Geo more.  It wasn’t because Geo was my first.  It was because Geo was the one I was meant to spend my life with. That was why he hadn’t met someone in almost a thousand years that made him forget the pain of losing his wife and children and that was why my grandparents had unwittingly kept me from meeting other men who might sway me from my path. I was supposed to be with Geo in the land of Verso as his Lady, and perhaps as their witch.
 The realization struck me so hard I started trembling.
“Are you feeling alright?” Luthias asked with concern.
“I need to speak to Gwendoline,” I said with urgency.
“Of course,” he replied as he fled the room.
It was only a matter of seconds before he’d returned with Gwendoline in tow.
“Are ye in pain, lass?” she asked with concern.
“Can you leave us alone, please?” I asked Luthias.
He bowed slightly in that gallant and sexy way of his. Now that things were clear in my mind I allowed myself the pleasure of smiling at the vampire who managed to capture a piece of my heart as he closed the door behind him.
“What is it?” Gwendoline pressed as she seated herself in the chair near my bed.
“I need your help,” I said. “Geo came to see me and told me he wouldn’t stand in the way if I choose to be with Luthias.”
“Yes,” she said as she closed her eyes and nodded her head. “He loves ye just that much.”
I found the fact that Gwendoline and her sons confided in each other so completely in stark contrast to the apparent secretive life I’d led with my grandparents.  It saddened me just a bit.
“He believes I only think I love him because he was my first. He so much as said I loved Luthias more because I’d lain with other men before him so I didn’t have that school girl crush on him like I’d have with my first,” I said with dismay.  “He’s wrong.  He’s so horribly wrong.”
“‘Tis clear to all how much ye love Luthias, lass,” Gwendoline said gently. “The vampire bond was broken.  Ye love him, lass. Ye proved it when ye went up against Sybil.  ‘Twas no easy thing ye did.”
“I’m not saying I don’t love him,” I said with mild impatience. “I’m saying that I love Geo more.  I’m saying that I choose Geo.”
“I see,” she mused.
“I need you to help me figure out a way to get Geo to believe my love for him is really more than a first time crush and to tell Luthias without hurting him too much,” I begged.
We stayed silent for a while. Each deep in thought.
I finally broke the silence when I said, “I hate this.”


 

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


All thoughts of my dilemma with Geo and Luthias came to a halt when my grandmother burst into the room and announced Prince Vogel was outside with a band of vampires and was boisterously demanding the return of his wife.
My blood went cold.
“Stay in here and lock the door behind me lass,” Gwendoline hissed as she darted from the room.
I found it incredulous that a witch as familiar with vampires as she was would tell me to lock a door to keep one out, but I padded my bare feet across my wool carpet to obey her orders anyway. My heart was threatening to climb into my throat as I pressed my ear against the door to hear what was being said on the other side. This was a time when I truly longed for vampire hearing.
From what I could make out, my witchy protectors decided there was no sense trying to hide the cabin, since Sybil had already located it and the cat was out of the bag.  Instead, they placed a force field around us and, so far, it was holding fast. Prince Vogel and his small army of vampires were pacing its perimeter searching for a way through it. My mind flew to the tunnel we’d used to escape Sybil. I wondered if we’d be using it again.  
Just to be safe, I decided to dress and be ready for the occasion.  Battling Sybil in my nightgown and robe hadn’t been the easiest thing to pull off. If I was going to fight off a troop of vampires, I wanted to be in attire that fit the occasion.
I ran to my dresser and pulled out a bra, panties, a loose-fitting tee shirt, and a pair of leggings. As I pulled my leggings up I immediately noticed my slightly rounded stomach. I hoped I wouldn’t be forced into a battle like the one I’d had with Sybil again.  I didn’t trust my baby would survive another ordeal like that. 
I could hear faint scuffling. Had Charles and his vampires broken through the shield? I quickly finished dressing and raced to the door and unlocked it. I was about to pull it open when I stopped with my hand on the handle and remembered Gwendoline’s command.  As her student, I was taught not to take her commands lightly and to realize there was a reason behind each and every one of them. Perhaps she’d placed a spell on the door that took effect the moment I locked it. I backed away while doing my best to regulate my breathing. The last thing I needed was to pass out from hyperventilating.
I quickly put on a pair of socks and the shoes I always wore while training with my grandfather.  I’d worn them so often over the years that they molded to my feet like a second skin, yet provided the protection needed when forcefully kicking objects.  I rotated my shoulders and neck to loosen them up and touched my toes a few times. I took a moment to inspect the condition of my body.  My stomach was showing, but I was still unencumbered by it. If need be, I was fit and ready for battle. 
My bedroom door swung open and my grandfather urgently beckoned me to follow him. As I suspected, Charles and his dozen or so vampires had somehow managed to break through the shield. Gwendoline suspected it was with the help of his resident warlock. This was confirmed when my grandmother pointed him out.  Even though he was a distance away on the mountain top, he made a formidable image as he stood with the moon to his back.  
A resident warlock was something none of us realized Charles possessed. Geo raced into the room growling vehemently about Abigail’s failure to report the existence of a magical person in Vogel’s court as he scooped me into his arms and raced to the trap door in the kitchen. I didn’t argue his carrying me since I knew we’d travel at vampire speed this way. I could see Luthias’s concern, and possibly fear, for my well-being as we swept past him. The situation was clearly serious.
We reached the end of the passage in record time.  Geo set me down while he inched the door open and peered outside.  I looked back down the passage for signs of the others.
“Where is everyone?”  I whispered.
“They’re not coming,” he whispered back.
“What?” I whispered in a tone that was dangerously close to being too loud when pursued by vampires with acute hearing.
He put his finger to my lips to signal me to quiet down.
“They’ll be slaughtered if they stay back there,” I protested, quietly, as I moved my lips in spite of his finger.
“They know what they’re doing,” he said with a shrug as he pulled his finger from my lips.
“Getting slaughtered so I can escape?” I hissed. “Do you know how ludicrous that is? What a waste?  Do you think Charles will stop at this? He’ll hunt me down until either he’s dead or I’m dead. I won’t have those I love killed for nothing.”
I started back down the passage. I was determined to do something, although I had no idea what.  
“You’re being foolish,” Geo said as he grabbed me and pulled me to him. 
“Let me go,” I demanded as I struggled to free myself from his vice grip.
“Stop,” he hissed.  “They might hear you.”
“Let me go or I guarantee they will hear me,” I threatened in a dangerously loud whisper.
Without warning Geo covered my lips with his own.  At first, I struggled, but then I fell easily into the sensation of being embraced in a kiss by my one true love. It was a long time coming. My brain emptied of all thoughts as the passion rose between us.  His lips worked mine in a way that was familiar and satisfying.  His tongue probed my mouth in a manner that demanded a response. I did so willingly. When he finally released me, I felt weak and spent. It took a moment for me to remember where we were and the seriousness of our situation.
“That wasn’t fair,” I said with a pout.
“Are you calm now?” he asked.
“I can’t leave them,” I replied.
“I know,” he said. “It was a dumb idea to begin with.”
With that, he swept me up once again into his powerful arms and raced back to the kitchen. We arrived to a frenzy of fighting.  I didn’t know where to go or what to do.  Vampires were battling to get into the kitchen while my protectors fought them off; sometimes one on one, sometimes two on one. To my relief, my people were holding their own.
The sight of my returning brought joy to no one.  Gwendoline finally convinced me to retreat to my room, confirming what I suspected about the spell she’d placed on the door. It would reactivate once I closed and locked it. She emphasized the fact that no one would be able to focus on the battle if they were worried about my well-being and scolded Geo for bringing me back.
I wanted to come to Geo’s defense. He knew I wouldn’t willingly leave them behind. He also knew that if he forced me to go with him, and even one of them died, I’d never forgive him. What choice did he have but to bring me back? Since timing was everything and this was hardly the time for verbal defense, I gave my love an apologetic shrug and   obediently made my way to my room.  If I couldn’t please them by leaving without them, the least I could do was to stay out of their way.
I don’t know what happened to my brain once I closed and locked the door behind me. It was like I’d left it behind in the kitchen when I did what I’d call the stupidest thing ever. Forgetting about the shield around the building being broken, I walked to the window and blatantly looked out for all the world to see me.  It wasn’t long before I was staring into the face of my very handsome, incredibly sadistic vampire husband, Prince Charles Vogel.
What was I thinking?
I clearly wasn’t. 
Now he knew where I was and that I was alone. 
Within seconds he’d broken through the window and had me in his grasp. I violently kicked and screamed as he struggled to maintain his hold on my wrist. I could hear Luthias on the other side of the door cursing the spell for keeping him out and shouting vile threats of the fate that awaited Charles if he harmed one hair on my head. It caught Charles’s attention just enough to allow me to utilize a move my grandfather taught me and twist my wrists from his grasp. At some point Geo joined Luthias with his threats and beating on the sealed door, but I couldn’t be sure when.  I was too busy doing my best to avoid being trapped by my evil husband.  I even managed to get in a few good kicks where it counted on occasion. It pleased me greatly to discover male vampires were sensitive in many of the same places as male humans were.
As I tired, I realized Charles was only playing with me.  He’d actually enjoyed watching me expend my energy fighting him off. It was merely an amusing divergence for him. When the amused smirk left his face and his dark eyes developed a black sinister hue, I knew I was in trouble. 
“I tire of this game,” he said. “Enough. It’s time to put you in your place, my young bride.”
I didn’t know what that meant, but I knew it wasn’t good.  I inched my way to the window.  I took my eyes off him for only a second to assess my chances of escaping through it when he grabbed me with lightning speed and pulled me to him.  His grip was so strong and firm I couldn’t help thinking how foolish I was to imagine I could ever escape him.
“Your mother promised you for my vampire bride. It’s time you make good on that promise,” he said just before sinking his strong white fangs deep into my neck.
The sensation was far different than what I remembered from feeding Luthias from my wrist. I learned later it was because Charles was depositing his venom while draining me of my blood.  The venom burned like acid as it crept through my veins.  
The scream I emitted was so blood curdling it stopped the battle completely. Momentarily free from the onslaught of vampires to battle off, Gwendoline quickly reversed the spell she’d placed on my bedroom door. When Geo and Luthias crashed through it like bulls, Charles tossed me onto the bed like a discarded doll. Gwendoline and my grandmother raced to inspect the damage my evil husband did to me while Geo and Luthias vehemently circled him.
“He didn’t finish,” Gwendoline shouted with dismay. “She is dying.” 
Charles laughed ferociously.
“I never intended to finish,” he said. “Let the deceiving bitch die the agonizing death she deserves.  I never wanted her for a wife in the first place.” He looked squarely at Geo.  “You are next.”
“You’ll fight me, you sadistic bastard,” Luthias roared as he grabbed Geo’s elbow. “You’ll have to finish,” he said to Geo. “You’re the only one who can do it.” 
Geo looked at Charles with blatant longing. It was clear he wanted to rip Charles’s evil, pompous head from his body, but he knew he needed to tend to me. He reluctantly conceded to Luthias’s suggestion and rushed to my side. I was barely aware of the ferocious battle that ensued between Luthias and Charles as I writhed with burning pain. Charles had size on his side, but Luthias had fury.  
“I’m so sorry, my love.  There are far gentler ways to do this. I wish I could wait, but what he started must be completed or you’ll die. Forgive me,” Geo said as he cradled me in his arms and inserted his fangs in the holes Charles made in my neck.
The burning intensified as Geo continued to suck blood out and deposit his own venom in an effort to overshadow Charles’s venom. I tried to push him away while screaming for him to stop, but he steadfastly continued.  I cried and begged for my grandmother or Gwendoline, only to discover they’d returned to the kitchen to help my grandfather when the battle renewed.
Splinters of furniture flew above my head as Charles and Luthias growled, snarled, punched, and wrestled. Sometimes they twisted and moved so quickly they were nothing but a blur and other times they moved almost in slow motion. I was just beginning to wonder if Luthias would manage to be the victor when I saw his powerful fist drive deep into Charles’s chest. He pulled my sadistic vampire husband’s heart from his chest, just as he had in my dream. 
Almost simultaneously, the commotion of the battle stopped...  as did my heart.
The burning slowly subsided as I floated above my body. I looked down at the vampire brothers hovered over me in the midst of the chaos and destruction from the battle.  Geo was wiping his face that was soaked by tears he’d shed while forced to finished Charles’s dirty work. Luthias was stroking my hair and helping Geo put me in a more dignified position on the bed.
I looked very dead.
I tried to speak to them, but couldn’t get my vocal cords to work.  I wanted to touch Geo’s grief infused face and tell him I forgave him, but my hand wouldn’t move.  Although frustrated about being so detached from my body, I was equally grateful for being removed from the burning pain that ran through it.
“Were you able to do it?” Gwendoline asked as she entered the room.
“What about the babe?” my grandmother asked with concern, “How will this affect the baby?”
“‘Tis half vampire, half witch,” Gwendoline said.  “That should be enough to help him weather his mother’s transition.”
I made note of how battle worn they all looked. Luthias and Gwendoline stuck out the most to me. I’d grown accustomed to seeing them immaculately dressed with every hair in place. On this occasion, their clothes were almost in as much disrepair as the house and its furnishings and their hair was anything but neat. 
My grandmother left the room and returned with a cloth and homemade antiseptic.  She immediately tended to a gaping wound on Gwendoline’s arm.  Other than that, I saw no signs of injuries.  They were one tough group of very special people.
Suddenly, I felt myself being pulled back into my body.  I resisted as best I could, fearing the burning sensation that accompanied being in it. I could feel my heart start pumping again.  It dispersed the tortuous venom with each beat further and further through my veins. To my surprise, as the venom spread, the burning ceased; until I could feel it no more.
“She’s coming around,” Geo said softly, but worriedly. “You better get out of here.”
“Will it be that bad?” Gwendoline asked. “She’s such a sweet lass.”
“She has more of Vogel’s venom in her than mine. It could get ugly,” Geo replied.
I didn’t know what he meant by that, nor did I like the feeling of aggression that was overtaking me.  I could smell the blood pumping through the old witch’s veins and I could feel the overwhelming need to taste it surging forth.
I thought I heard a bit of panic in Luthias’s voice when he announced, “It isn’t looking good.  Get out now.”
“I could kill that bastard,” Geo said as he wrapped his hands around my wrists.
I wanted to ask what all the fuss was about, but I still wasn’t able to move or speak. The smell of blood taunted my nostrils and saliva flowed from the corners of my mouth.  Was I actually drooling?   How gross!
Luthias hustled the women out of the room and bolted the door behind them only seconds before my eyes flew open.  The world looked surreal.  I felt like I was dreaming as I slowly sat up and looked around.  I could hear a bug crawling along the floor, a cricket scratching his legs together out in the fields, a mouse scurrying across the cellar floor, and three magical hearts pumping beautiful, rich, nutritious, delicious blood on the opposite side of the bolted door.
I needed to get to that blood to quench my driving thirst. I was sure I could drink gallons and gallons of it and still not have enough.  I’d never been so thirsty.  When I tried to leave the bed to seek out the blood that called to me, I found myself restrained by Geo’s vice grip.  
“Hold steady, baby,” he said in a low, firm voice.  “Luthias and I will help you.  Try to be calm.”
“I’m thirsty,” I said with incredible aggression.  
I didn’t know why I was angry with Geo, but I was. It was more than the fact that he was restraining me that I found irritating. It was everything about him.  Just looking at him sickened me.
“We’re here to help you, princess,” Luthias said with extreme gentleness that I found excruciatingly irritating.
I turned to him.  To my surprise I felt equally angry and disgusted by his very existence.
“Go to hell, both of you,” I said. “Let go of me now.”
“Not good,” Luthias said as he slowly shook his head.
“I hate that bastard,” Geo growled.
“I hate you!” I bellowed.  “Let me go.”
“Try to take some comfort in the fact that he’s dead,” Luthias said to Geo while he helped him restrain me. 
I had unbelievable strength.  I even managed to break free from them once or twice before they got a solid hold on me and bound me to the bed.
“She has too much of his venom in her,” Luthias complained.  “You’ll have to remove some.”
“I don’t want to hurt her anymore,” Geo insisted.
“What’s your solution?” Luthias asked.
“We can try feeding her,” Geo said.
“Now you’re talking,” I cackled. “There’s fresh blood just on the other side of that door. Be a good little vampire and go fetch it will you?”
“Send Arthur for a deer or one of their farm animals,” Geo ordered.
Luthias disappeared from the room and returned minutes later shaking his head. All of the farm animals were murdered by Charles’s vampires and Arthur twisted his ankle tripping over debris while trying to clean up the devastation from the battle.  He had no choice but to go on the hunt himself.
“Can you handle her on your own?” Luthias asked.
“I’ll have to,” Geo replied.
“I feel like dancing!” I bellowed.
“Are you sure you don’t want to just get some of that venom out of her?” Luthias asked one more time. 
I was trying to follow their conversation, but the roaring in my ears, smell of fresh blood, surreal appearance of the world around me, and energy bubbling inside me that needed release made it difficult to concentrate for any length of time. My growing dislike for the two vampires I once thought I loved was almost unbearable.
“How could I ever think I loved you?” I spat at Geo.
Rather than feel remorse at the hurt look in his eyes, I taunted him with laughter and a few jabs about his inadequate manhood.  I turned my attack toward Luthias once I felt satisfied with the ones I’d flung at Geo.  When I finally ran out of hurtful words and the desire to fling them at whoever was near, I stayed quite for a while.  They took advantage of this brief reprieve to focus more clearly. 
After a great deal of deliberation, they came to the decision that I had far too much of Charles’s venom in my system and it wasn’t compatible with Geo’s. This wasn’t uncommon. It was for this reason that only one vampire placed his venom in a human to turn them.  Geo knew the potential outcome of mixing venom, but he also knew that if he hadn’t taken action I would be dead right now.
“I’ve never seen a newly turned vampire this aggressive before,” Luthias said. “Do you think it’s because she’s also magical?”
“I have an idea,” Geo said to Luthias. “Get some strong rope, will you?”
Luthias looked questioningly at Geo, but did as he asked.  Within minutes I was trussed up so tight I couldn’t move a pinky if I tried. Once they were satisfied that I was securely bound, they called in my grandmother, Gwendoline, and my grandfather. I went wild from the scent of their blood so near. I screamed and swore and called them every heathen name I could think of while I cursed them for torturing me like they were.  I made promises of the vile things I’d do to each and every one of them once I was free from the binds they’d put me in.
My grandmother looked pale and faint. Her hand shook visibly as she mixed odd smelling liquids together. At one point my grandfather placed his hands over hers to steady them and looked her deep in the eyes. This seemed to calm her a little, until I renewed my threats and warnings and informed them of how delicious they smelled and of the pleasure I’d take in drinking every last drop of their blood.
It was Gwendoline who finally snapped. She walked stoically up to me while ignoring my insults and threats, pulled her hand back as far and she could, made a fist, and punched me square in the jaw.  It shut me up long enough for my grandmother to finish mixing the disgusting drink they ultimately forced down my throat. Of course, I fought them the entire time.
“Let us know when she no longer wants to kill us,” Gwendoline said as she pulled my grandparents from the room.
“Don’t hold your breath, old woman,” I bellowed.
Being bound the way I was, I could do nothing but throw taunts and insults at Geo and Luthias and I’d grown tired of that. I decided to go to sleep.  At least then I wouldn’t have to look at their faces. I declared one more time how I had no clue what possessed me to think I was in love with either one of them, slammed their prowess in the bedroom for good measure, and then drifted off to sleep.

 



 

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


When I awoke, I felt more like myself. The overwhelming urge for human blood was now just a slight nagging in the recesses of my mind. The anger and excessive energy I experienced was gone.  I smiled with satisfaction when I opened my eyes and the world looked normal again.
I looked for Geo or Luthias, but neither was in the room.  Although I was still bound to the bed, the heavy rope that pinned me motionless was removed, leaving only my wrists tied to the bedposts. I estimated that, if I really wanted to, I could break free. I just didn’t want to.
What I wanted was Geo.
I called out for him, but got no reply.
I tried again.
Still nothing.
I looked out through the broken glass. It was morning.  Soon the sun would be beating directly on me.  I felt its intense rays even then.  I needed to be free of the ties so I could move away from the window.  I called for Geo again.  When he didn’t respond, I tried calling Luthias. Then Gwendoline. Then my grandparents.  Was no one around?
I was just about to give up and start working on breaking free from the bindings when Geo stepped into the room carrying a small trussed up rabbit.
“What’s that for?” I asked.
He stopped and studied me before saying, “You.”
“Oh, thank you,” I replied. “I’m a little hungry.”
“I imagine you are,” he said as he set the frightened critter on the bed next to me and untied my wrists.
“I... I said some things,” I began.
“We will never mention it. Never,” he said, firmly.
“I just don’t know why I would be that way,” I persisted.
“Drink your rabbit,” he said. I giggled in response to his sentence which brought a smile to his handsome face.  “You know what I mean,” he added.
“I do,” I said as I picked up the rabbit and drove my fangs into his tender flesh.
“Stop if you can,” he urged in a gentle tone. “We try not to kill our blood donors.  If you can stop before he dies, please do. If you’re still hungry I’ll fetch you another... and another after that if need be. I’d rather hunt all day than kill for blood.”
“That’s quite a philosophy,” I mused as I pulled away from the rabbit.  
I wasn’t sure I stopped in time so I handed the rabbit to Geo and asked him to determine it. He smiled with satisfaction and said I had.  He asked me if I’d like another.  I told him I would, but asked if I could be the one to hunt it.  I felt confined after my ordeal and wanted to stretch my legs.  He evaluated me a bit longer and decided to take a chance on letting me out of the room.
As I walked out into the morning light, I soon discovered why no one was around the hear my calls.  The property was destroyed and peppered with dead animals and vampires. Gwendoline and my grandmother were too exhausted from the events of the last few days to muster up enough energy to create a spell to put things back together, so they were doing it the human way. They’d started an enormous bon fire and were dragging the vampires and their mutilated victims into it; one beast at a time.
I spotted Luthias dragging the remnants of a cow toward the fire. I approached him warily.
“Luthias,” I said timidly. “I said things I didn’t mean. You know I didn’t mean them.  I was lying.  I wanted to hurt you.  I didn’t mean...”
“I know,” he said as he placed his finger to my lips to stop my ramblings. “It wasn’t you speaking.  Think no more about it.  Say no more about it,” he said with a conviction that equaled Geo’s.  “No matter what you say or do, I’ll always love you,” he murmured as he continued to drag the cow toward the fire.
Geo came up behind me and put his arms loosely around my waist. I leaned back into him. It felt so good.
“Are you ready for the hunt” he asked in that low sultry tone I loved so much.
“I need to apologize to them,” I said as I looked over at Gwendoline and my grandparents.  “Then we can go.”
“Can you handle being that close?” he asked.
“I’m not sure,” I replied.  “Maybe you and Luthias should stand on either side of me to be safe.”
Geo called Luthias to us and explained the help we needed. My gentle vampire readily agreed. Although I couldn’t blame them, I felt saddened when I saw the people I loved tense up and edge back as I approached them.  I apologized to them, profusely, and was given the same response from them as I received from Geo and Luthias, but somehow it didn’t feel as sincere.  Perhaps it was because they were noticeably exhausted.  
Instead of the anger I felt toward them prior to them forcing that disgusting drink down me, I felt overwhelming love and compassion. I wanted... no, I needed to help them. Although I desired hunting for more blood, I inherently knew I’d received enough from the rabbit to last for some time. Hunting for more was simply being gluttonous. I witnessed Geo and Luthias show discipline and restraint where that was concerned. If they could do it, so could I.
I abandoned the idea of hunting for a new one.  I was going to clean up the mess for them. After all, I was the reason it was created in the first place. I looked around at the debris and then asked to be left alone for a few minutes. I didn’t want to tell them what I was doing in case it didn’t work. It seemed I’d received some of Charles’s pride and ego along with his venom. They walked over to the fire and entered conversation while watching me from afar.
I struggled to come up with the Gaelic words that would create a proper spell to set everything aright, but finally gave up.  Feeling frustrated, I threw my hands in the air, took a deep breath, felt the buildup of energy start in my feet and travel out my hands with lightning speed and shouted “Order!”
Vampires and humans fell to the ground to avoid the onslaught of carcasses, broken wood, and other burnable materials that flew into the fire. Barrels appeared. Broken glass and other non-burnable material flew into them until they were filled up.  It took about five minutes to complete, but eventually all that was left was the broken shell of the home I knew and loved.  The debris and dead bodies my family struggled to clear were no more.
I felt tired, but good.
Gwendoline summoned enough courage to  cautiously approached me.
“Ye seem to have a good handle on your magic,” she said.
“I won’t hurt you,” I said. “I promise. I... I love you.”
A smile spread across the old woman’s face as she made her way into my embrace. Although happy to see the union, Geo and Luthias placed themselves on either side of me as a precaution. I didn’t mind.  
“I’m not ready to stop learning from you,” I whispered.
“I’m not ready to stop teaching ye,” she said, lovingly. “‘Tis time for me to pass the title of Verso Witch to someone younger and stronger. You’ll do nicely.”
“Shall we go home, then?” Geo asked with a broad smile.
I looked at my grandparents and then at what was once our home.
“Will you come?” I asked them.
“We don’t want to be a burden,” they said in unison.
“You could never be that,” Geo and I said in unison.
“I would like to be around when my great grandson arrives,” my grandfather mused.
“You do realize that you’re now a widowed queen with an unborn heir in your belly, don’t you?”  my grandmother asked. 
“I hadn’t given it much thought,” I said.
“What are the vampire laws on the matter?” she asked as she looked directly at Gwendoline.
“Since vampires don’t believe in monogamy, it matters little who fathered it. The babe inherits the kingdom by default,” Gwendoline said with a shrug.
“My child will be king of the vampires?” I said, incredulously.
“As ye are now queen,” Gwendoline said firmly.
“What does that mean?” I asked.
“It means you have an army of vampires at your disposal, should Bartholomew attack,” Geo said with obvious pleasure.
“It means you can order a truce between the mutant-vampires and the vampires,” Luthias added as he reached out and stroked my cheek with the back of his hand.  “Don’t forget Sybil was their queen. My lovely Casey, in one clean sweep you’ve inherited two kingdoms.”
“Well, this is a little overwhelming,” my grandmother said as she leaned into my grandfather.
“Let’s take one thing at a time, shall we?” Gwendoline suggested. “I vote we get back to Verso and make ready for a baby to be born.  Then we’ll worry about kingdoms.”
“And other things,” Geo added.
Gwendoline looked from me to Luthias and then to Geo and said, “Yes, and other things.”
“Speaking of other things,” my grandfather said in an authoritative tone. “I’d like to broach the subject of you two young men and my granddaughter.” The look on both Geo’s and Luthias’ faces was priceless as they faced my grandfather and waited to hear what he had to say.  I had all I could do to suppress a giggle. “You are two very fine lads.  Gwen clearly did a good job raising you. That being said, I feel it’s my duty to reprimand you on your behavior toward our little girl. Clearly, you were aware of the sheltered life she led.  You can imagine our surprise when she returned to us pregnant!”
“Grandfather!” I wailed with humiliation. “Don’t, please...”
“Hush child,” my grandmother hissed. “This needs to be said.”
I shrunk my body as small as I could in hopes of disappearing while my grandfather continued with, “You two are damn near as old as Gwen, Millie, and me.  Yet, you act as if you’ve only got a year or two under your belt. You came from an age where a woman’s body was to be revered, not used in such a shameful manner.”
“Sir,” Geo interjected.  “I love her.  I would never use her in the way you’re insinuating.”
“Nor I,” Luthias said quickly. “I love her too.  She’s so very special.”
“If you love her so much, why then did she return to us distraught, with a child in her belly, and two virile vampires both thinking they’re the father?” he practically bellowed.
Although I was humiliated, I had to give my grandfather credit for standing up to two one-thousand-year-old vampires like he did.  That took courage. But then, he was an ancient warlock. Even if Sybil had siphoned some of his magic from him, he still had plenty left to protect himself if need be and what he lacked my grandmother would have made up for.  If there was one thing I learned since meeting Gwendoline, it’s that magical beings are a force to be reckoned with. I was equally impressed by the respect Geo and Luthias paid him with the humility they displayed as he continued to chastise their actions.
“It’s my fault...” I began.
“You’re eighteen, girl. They’re one-thousand or there about,” grandfather growled. “Tell me truly which of you should have had the where-with-all to know better?”
I had no answer to that, nor did my two lovers.
“I know you both love my granddaughter,” my grandmother stepped in and said as she put her hand on my grandfather’s arm in a silent gesture to calm him down. “In truth, I believe either of you would make a fine match for her.  We’re in a time where arranged marriages are once again preferred, but we’ve promised Casey we wouldn’t subject her to that.  So, the burden of choice goes from us to her. It’s my suggestion that you both step back and allow her to focus on getting accustomed to her new state of being a vampire witch.  It will take some getting used to for sure. Also, she’s pregnant with my great grandson.  She needs to concentrate on delivering a healthy baby without the strain of having to choose between you overshadowing what should be a very joyous time. Once he’s born, the two of you can begin courting and Casey will choose.”
“I think that’s a great idea, Millie” Gwendoline agreed, “and ye will be my guests in the meantime. My cottage is small, but we’ll get along fine.”
Although they didn’t appreciate it, both Geo and Luthias saw the wisdom in Gwendoline’s insistence that my grandparent’s and I be her guest while she helped me adjust to my new state of being; at least until I’d given birth to my baby.  She stressed the fact that I needed time to think things through where Geo and Luthias were concerned; emphasizing that I’d led a very sheltered life and shouldn’t be expected to act in a worldly manner or make decisions as such.  Although reluctant, my wonderful vampires also agreed it was best to let some time pass and allow me to get in touch with my true feelings where they were concerned.  So much had happened over such a short period of time. They could see where it would be overwhelming; especially for a young woman who’d been raised in a very sheltered existence. 
Once the baby was born my two handsome, sexy vampire lovers were to begin their courting.  I giggled at the thought. Did people really call it courting these days? I guess that, since I’d stepped into a world where the old ways still held true, it really didn’t matter what people outside of it did or didn’t do or say. I agreed that I needed time to figure out just where Geo and Luthias were positioned in my heart.  I felt strongly that Geo was the one, but the pull from Luthias was powerful and I needed to explore that before I made a decision that would be permanent. 
When in private, Gwendoline once again stressed the fact that I was young and just emerging from a sheltered existence.  She insisted I shouldn’t trust my feelings until I’d given birth and things settled down.  She said the world would look different to me then, as might my choice of her sons.


The End
(For now)

 

A SNEAK PEEK AT VAMPIRE QUEEN 
[ A Continuation of Vampire Witch]




PROLOGUE


“Now Casey, what I want you to take into consideration is the fact that… through no fault of your own… you’ve led a very isolated life,” my grandfather said with a deep chested, and very serious, sigh.  “In a few short months, you were exposed to more danger than any one person should experience in an entire lifetime.  On top of that, you fell in love with two brothers -both of which are vampires-, had your hidden magical heritage brought to the forefront and expounded upon, became a vampire yourself, and conceived a child. I just think it would be prudent to slow down just a little.  Let’s focus on this pregnancy and get you adjusted to your magical powers and… your vampirism… before you make such a serious and permanent decision as selecting which brother to settle down with.  One will undoubtedly be crushed and it will more than likely impact their relationship.  There can be no mistakes in your choosing, my child.”
I knew my grandfather’s words made sense, but it seemed to me that picking Geo over Luthias because of the baby I carried in my womb was the right thing to do. It didn’t matter that I loved them both on a fairly equal basis.  One was the father of my child and one wasn’t.  In my opinion, the choice was clear.  Surprisingly, my grandfather, my grandmother, and Gwendoline, didn’t agree.
 “I should be with the father of my child,” I said stubbornly.
“There’s no law stating that,” Gwendoline quickly interjected. “In fact, if ye recall, the boys said your child can inherit the vampire kingdom no matter who the father is.  Your marriage to Charles sealed his inheritance.  I’d say that’s a good thing.”  She paused for a moment before adding, “As for your mother’s mutant domain... that goes to the child by default.”
“It’s not the vampire kingdom or mother’s domain that concerns me. I love Geo and I’m carrying his child,” I explained. “It makes sense that I would choose him.”
“It makes sense if you truly love him,” my grandmother said softly. “Let’s not forget that he’s the first male you kept company with; Luthias being only the second.”
“What about Charles,” I asked with hesitant meekness.
“Ha… we won’t even discuss that beast,” Gwendoline interjected briskly. “That devil isn’t even part of this equation and should be left out of it.” She took my trembling hands in hers and added, “No one is saying ye can’t be with Geo; especially me.  He’s my son, after all.  What we are asking of ye is that ye put deciding between my boys on the back burner for a bit and focus on our grandchild and your magic lessons. I didn’t mention it to ye earlier because I thought I’d have more time to train ye before ye became a vampire, but ‘tis harder for a vampire to wield magic.  I can’t explain the why of it.  It just is.   Now that ye are a vampire, we’ll have to work doubly hard to balance your magic; especially while ye are still adjusting to your new state of being.”
“Who’s going to help me with my adjustment to being a vampire?” I asked.
“I can,” she offered, “or we can get Abigail to come help.”
“No!” I practically screeched.  I cringed at the thought of being in Abigail’s company again. Her lesbian actions on my wedding night still haunted my dreams more often than I cared to admit.  It didn’t matter that she was acting upon Charles’s orders to prepare me for him.  I found the whole experience revolting. That, and the fact that she’d been Luthias’s lover, made her the last female I wanted to keep company with. “I don’t want that she-wolf within ten feet of me.”
“Understood,” Gwendoline said softly.
My reaction made it clear I had no intention of forgiving and forgetting.  She didn’t know the extent of my dealings with Abigail and I wasn’t about to tell her the story of how that vile seductress drugged me before she did Charles’s bidding and prepared me for my marriage bed. Gwendoline just knew we had negative history.  I suspected she thought my angst with Abigail was because she’d been Luthias’s lover for centuries, but I didn’t care. I’d rather she thought that, than admit to the truth.
“You have some time before you deliver,” my grandmother said in earnest. “Can you please take that time to relax and do what’s necessary to assure a healthy birth? After all, it isn’t every day a vampire baby is birthed.  I have no experience with it.  Have you Gwen?”
“Not enough to call myself an expert,” Gwendoline replied.
“What?” I said with concern as I paced Gwendoline’s porch.  “Is there danger for my baby?”
I’d barely managed to hold onto my pregnancy after my life and death battle with my evil, mutant-vampire mother.  Laying in my bed while I waited to see if I was going to miscarriage was as traumatic -if not more so- than most of what I’d been through up to that point.  I couldn’t even think about any more threats to the innocent little creature that depended upon me for life-support and survival.
“Sit child,” my grandfather said softly, but firmly. “The last thing we want is to upset you. Sit, relax, and listen before you jump to conclusions.”
Gwendoline took my hand and pulled me down onto the top step next to her.  She held my wrist and focused on determining my heart rate.  It was naturally faster than when I was still human. Vampire’s heartbeats weren’t considered fast until they reached a resting rate of one-hundred-thirty beats per minute, but she knew enough to take this into consideration.  When she was certain I’d calmed down, she explained things more clearly.
“First and foremost, I want to make it perfectly clear that ye and my grandchild are not in any danger with this pregnancy.  I also want to make sure ye understand that ye are free to choose whichever son of mine ye so desire.  I know both of them would move mountains for ye and either one would make a fine husband and father for that babe in your womb. What ye need to remember is that, now that you’re a vampire, conceiving again won’t be as easy.  In fact, the odds of ye conceiving again are extremely low.  That makes this grandchild all the more special to Millie, Arthur, and me; as I’m sure does for ye.”
I didn’t know what to say to that. It wasn’t that I didn’t want the baby. It was created out of the love I shared with Geo.  Of course, I wanted it.  It’s just that I’d only just learned I was pregnant. Most girls my age were focusing on their education, careers, or whether or not to join Bartholomew’s army and help protect the populous against the threat of the human mutants. Having a baby was something that required permission and monitoring by the New World Order. The mixing and matching of the right and perfect genetics were of the utmost priority in order to repopulate the planet with healthy human specimens after the nuclear devastation that took place.  The girl was also married before she conceived.  This was law.  Surprise pregnancies for unwed mothers just didn’t happen.  To add to the stress of it all was the fact that the gestation period for a vampire baby was just a little over half that of a human.  It barely gave me time to adjust to the fact that I was going to be a mother, let alone worry about whether I could do it again.
Ending up as an unwed mother wasn’t a concern for me.  Both Geo and Luthias declared their undying love repeatedly.  In that I was secure. I simply needed to make a choice and I’d be a wife forever.  Even if I decided not to wed, it really didn’t matter anymore.  I’d left the world of humans who lived under the watchful, rigid eye of the New World Order forever.  As far as I was concerned, I no longer needed the protection of a spouse. I was now a vampire queen of two kingdoms with the hereditary talents of a powerful witch being developed and unleashed.  It didn’t matter that it would be more difficult for me to develop them to their fullest potential now that I was a vampire.  I trusted my mentor and dear friend, Gwendoline, to come up with a way to work around this obstacle.
I have to admit that remaining single was becoming more and more appealing as I listened to my grandparents and Gwendoline repeat the same concept that the evil mutant-vampire who posed as my mother tossed at me before I had the satisfaction of killing her. ‘You don’t know what love is,’ were the words she said as she sold me -body and soul- in marriage to the wicked vampire king, Prince Charles Vogel, for her own personal gain.  In their own way, my loving guardians and mentor were saying the same thing.  Was it true?  Was Sybil right?
I occasionally thought of Sybil.   When I did, a myriad of emotions surfaced.  I didn’t regret killing her.  As far as I was concerned, the mutant-vampire that occupied the body of my once beautiful, once kind and loving mother wasn’t her at all.  Other than by appearance, she barely resembled the woman who once cradled me with motherly love and devotion.  Even so, I’d be lying if I didn’t admit that a wave of sadness swept over me whenever I thought of how it might have been had she not transformed into such a vile and evil creature. Having lost her during the massacre by Bartholomew’s army when I was just a young girl, only to discover she was still alive, should have been a joyous occasion. Sadly, instead of being reunited with the strong, loving arms of the warm and caring woman I remembered, I was confronted with selfish wickedness.  Only a hint of the woman she once was remained.  It was an evil creature who died at my hands during our battle to the death.  My true mother was slaughtered by Bartholomew’s gun brigade a decade ago.
Even though I knew my mother really wasn’t my mother, the fact that she was alive and hadn’t seen fit to contact me all of those years still stung deep.  It didn’t matter that she’d become a mutant-vampire and buried her humanity; if not lost it.  I just couldn’t accept the fact that a mother -no matter what her state of being- could abandon her own child the way my mother abandoned me.  It mattered little that she’d made certain I was cared for by my competent and loving grandparents in the event something happened to her. It didn’t even matter that she’d tried to see me on more than one occasion and my grandparents turned her away.  If she was truly my mother and truly loved me, she should have tried harder.  I promised my unborn child that, no matter what happened, I would never abandon him.  I say ‘him’ because something deep inside me told me I was carrying a boy.  At the risk of sounding sexist, I felt the strength and energy that a boy would emit.  Gwendoline offered to do a test for the gender, but I declined.  I may have suspected that I carried a boy, but I wanted to be surprised when all was said and done.  Besides, the sex didn’t really matter as much as my baby -who was possibly the only baby I’d ever have- being healthy did.
“My baby deserves all I can give him.  If that means staying away from Geo and Luthias to assure a healthy birth, then so be it,” I said firmly, “I want to do the responsible thing.”
 

 

ONE


I cradled my newborn son in my arms as I listened to Gwendoline and Geo conversing in low tones on the front porch.  True to my promise to Gwendoline and my grandparents, I’d spent the remaining months of my pregnancy focusing on doing what was needed to assure a healthy baby, adjusting to being a vampire, and learning all I could about the responsibilities of being a Verso Witch, while Gwendoline determined ways to get around the magical block the vampirism created.  It was this block that made me realize and understand why Geo wasn’t as adept to magic as someone born of two magical parents should be.
Although they kept close contact with Gwendoline as to my health, wellbeing, and progress with both my adjustment from humanity to vampirism and lessons in witchcraft, Geo and Luthias respectfully kept their distance from me. They stayed close by for the delivery, but didn’t attend. This was something I was grateful for.  I’d tasted what it felt like to be on display on my wedding night with Charles when he practiced the archaic custom royals did of having the consummation of their marriage witnessed. Having two brothers who vied for my love and affection watching me give birth while my modesty was tossed to the wind wasn’t top on my list of things to do.
 The fact that a vampire’s birthing is just as dangerous to the vampire mother as a human’s birthing is to the human mother was kept from me until after the ordeal was over.  I had it in my head that, because I was a vampire, I’d simply heal should anything go awry. I didn’t take into consideration that the babe I was birthing was also a vampire and, when vampires wound vampires it isn’t always that easy to heal from those wounds. Vampires only heal well from wounds inflicted by beings that aren’t supernatural; such as humans.  That, and the fact that they have incredible longevity of life, is probably why humans consider vampires to be immortal. In fact, depending upon the wound a vampire inflicts upon another vampire, it could potentially kill them.  I should have remembered that from the suffering Luthias endured after battling Charles’s army, but I didn’t.
I felt incredibly fortunate to have at my disposal the magical and herbal talents of both my mentor, Gwendoline, and my grandmother, Millie. They’d taken the time to study up on delivering vampire babies.  Their complete inventory of “what if” remedies were close on hand.  When my son started to deliver breach, they quickly remedied the situation and delivered him with not so much as a hitch. Even the most experienced midwife would have been hard pressed to catch on that neither of these women had much exposure, if any, to delivering babies - human or vampire.
Now, the father of the beautiful little creature I cradled so lovingly to my breast was about to see him for the first time.  
Remembering the tale Gwendoline told me of how Geo lost his wife and children prior to becoming a vampire, I could only imagine the myriad of emotions running through him as he stood in the doorway looking at us. I let my eyes drink in every inch of him.  Our separation hadn’t been long, but it was long enough for me to look at him as if for the first time.  His tall, muscular physique filled the doorway as he leaned against its frame and fidgeted with a loose nail that was attempting to back its way out of the smooth, polished wood.  His jet-black hair glistened beneath the rays of light that filtered through the multi-paned window near the door. I found the combination of his Tom Jones style queue, form fitting faded jeans, and a black and white tee shirt irresistibly sexy.  I couldn’t help shudder with longing.  
“Are you cold?” he asked with concern as he straightened his body.
“Are you just going to stand in the doorway and fidget?” I asked with amusement.
“I’m waiting for an invitation to enter,” he replied.
“Since when does a father need an invitation to see his own son?” I asked with sweet delight.  
His whole demeanor softened as he moved toward us with agile swiftness. When he stopped just inches away, I filled my lungs with his rich musky scent.  His brown, doe-like eyes were moist as they slowly took in the sight of mother and son.
“This is a day I never thought I would see,” he whispered.
“Would you like to hold him?” I asked as I extended my bundle of joy toward him. When he hesitated, I nodded confidently and continued to extend our son toward him until he positioned his trembling hands and arms in a manner that would allow me to gently place our baby down into the nook he’d created. “I’m fairly confident he won’t break.”
“This feels like a dream,” Geo said in a tone that was barely audible as he stroked our newborn’s tiny cheek with his strong finger.
“I’m still getting used to it myself,” I said. “Everything that’s happened since I met up with you on the road that day seems like a dream to me at times.”
“Not a nightmare?” he asked without looking up at me.
“Some of it,” I replied with a shrug as I crossed the room and eased myself onto the sofa, “but most of it is like a wonderful dream come true.”
“I love you,” he said as he raised those beautiful eyes in my direction.
“As well you should,” I said in a tone that hinted of teasing.  “You did knock me up, after all.”
He threw his head back in full laughter before raising the baby so their cheeks connected.
“I certainly did that,” he said lightly.
“They’re insisting I take my time and go through with this courting thing,” I whined.
“Courting and other things can wait, young lady,” announced my grandfather as he strode into the room with such a regal flair that anyone who didn’t know who was who would have guessed he was the king of the Verso instead of Geo.  “It hasn’t been twenty-four hours since you delivered and here you are gallivanting all over the place.  Back to bed with you.”
“I feel fine,” I objected.  “I’m just a little sore, that’s all.”
“You haven’t healed yet?” Geo asked with concern.
“We have things under control,” Gwendoline piped in as she approached Geo with her arms extended.  “‘Tis time to put both mother and son back to bed where they belong.”
“Why hasn’t she healed?” Geo demanded as he relinquished our son to his mother and strode over to my side.  He kneeled before me and searched my face with concern, “What’s hurting? Do you need a doctor?  Should I fetch your Uncle Milton?”
“Well, I never,” Gwendoline clucked as she strode from the room with my baby in her arms.
“That wasn’t very nice,” I murmured.
“Nice be damned,” Geo said.  “I love my mother as you well know, but if a doctor is in order then we need to send for one. What hurts?”
I looked at my grandfather uncomfortably before saying, “The usual.”
“You should have healed by now,” Geo insisted as he repositioned himself on the cushion next to me. When I flinched as his weight jostled me a bit, he growled, “I’m getting your uncle.”
“If you want to get my brother for the sake of a family reunion, then by all means go fetch him,” my grandfather said gruffly. “As for my granddaughter’s health and well-being... she’s in the finest hands she could be in right here and now.  She will be well enough in a day or two.  Remember that she gave birth to a vampire, not a human. There is no need to insult your mother and my wife in such a way.”
“He’s just worried,” I said as I placed the palm of my hand on Geo’s cheek. “He didn’t mean to insult anyone.”
“I did not…,” Geo said quickly as he pulled my hands to his lips and kissed it gently before releasing it slowly. “It’s just... I can’t lose her.”
“Do I need to point out you can’t lose someone you don’t have?” my grandfather said callously. At the sound of my shocked gasp he added, “I’m not trying to be cruel. I’m just keeping things in the right perspective.  I was serious when I said you and your brother must court our girl for a respectable period of time to give her a fair and honest opportunity to get to know you. Then, and only then, will she choose.  The minute I think things are being done otherwise, I will scrap the whole idea and pick the husband for her myself.” He turned and looked Geo straight in the eyes, “I can’t guarantee I’d pick either one of you.”
“Grandfather!” I gasped with both surprise and mortification.
He either forgot that Geo was a vampire king of a nation and I was a vampire queen of two nations and he held no authority over either of us, or he just didn’t care.  I opted for the latter.  My grandfather was older than Geo and quite magical. He’d lost a considerable amount of his magic to my mother when she siphoned it from him on the sly, but it all returned to him upon her death.  I reckoned he took that, plus the fact that I was still his granddaughter, and decided it gave him the right to pull rank.
“Listen to me fully before you protest,” he said while looking directly at me. “Both this young man and his brother were raised in a time when women were handled far more delicately than they are today. Free love wasn’t accepted.  Those caught attempting it were punished.  Yet, these two brothers seemed to feel it was alright to seize the opportunity to take you to their bed only minutes after meeting you.”
“I initiated it...” I began.
“It does not matter who initiated it,” he practically bellowed. “Both of them knew better.  They were aware of the sheltered life you led with your grandmother and me in that isolated and barren land, yet they took you to their bed anyway.  One went so far as to impregnate you.”
“Stop,” I begged.
He turned to Geo and boldly continued, “Now I ask you, Geo, how would you feel if it was I who imposed upon your innocent ward in such a way?”
Geo looked at the floor while slowly shaking his head, but said nothing.
“I’d be furious,” Luthias said as he stood in the doorway. “You have every right to be so, sir.  Our behavior was inexcusable.”
I sucked in my breath at the sight of Luthias’s lean, muscular frame filling the same doorway Geo had just stood in. He’d abandoned his traditional sport coat and was wearing a designer polo shirt and silk slacks that draped perfectly over his trim, well-formed thighs. Sunlight bounced off his light hair, creating a halo effect.  He stood at his full height with his hands in his pockets, while devouring me with his rich blue eyes.  Shivers of desire traveled the length of my body until they settled in my most intimate parts and proceeded to torture me.  
Although Geo was dark and Luthias was light, Luthias’s looks and charisma rivaled Geo in every way.  Being privy to Gwendoline’s secret that she was the birth mother of them both, and that they were brothers with different fathers instead of cousins, helped me to see the little hints of close genetic resemblance that others might miss because of their difference in coloring.  They were of equal height and build; the exception being Geo’s shoulders were a little broader. Most of the time Luthias camouflaged his perfect physique with sport coats and loose fitting pants.  On the rare occasions when he dressed in more form fitting attire -or during our intimate times- it was clear to see his build rivaled Geo’s in perfection.  
Both brothers sported large eyes that were set perfectly on their distinctively masculine faces; although Geo’s were an alluring, doe-like brown and Luthias’s were a rich, seductive blue.  They shared the same straight, Anglo nose that was in perfect proportion to their squared chins and lips that were far too similar to deny the gene pool they shared.
My reaction to seeing Luthias after our separation left me unsettled.  It was Geo who I should have responded to in that way.  I reasoned it was because I was more concerned with uniting Geo with his son than I was with his looks; although I did drink him in to the fullest with my eyes upon seeing him.  Even so, any type of reaction to Luthias -other than that of brother and sister- was unacceptable.  I needed to reprogram myself and do it quickly.
“I agree,” Gwendoline added as she returned from putting my son down to sleep.  She moved behind Luthias, placed her hands on either side of his waist, and gently guided him through the door so that she could also enter. “What’s done is done, Arthur.  There’s no sense in dwelling on it.”
“I’m not dwelling on it, Gwen.  What I’m doing is explaining my position,” my grandfather said briskly.
“As ye have done so many times before,” Gwendoline said with a roll of her eyes.
“I’m within my rights to demand respect and consideration for my granddaughter,” he bellowed.
“What’s going on in here?” my grandmother asked in a sweet, soothing tone while she sauntered into the room.
As she stood next to Gwendoline, I took a moment to compare the two old friends.  They were clearly beauties in their youth. Both were magical beings and about the same age.  In their early years, both had vied for my grandfather’s attention, but that’s where the similarities ended.  Where Gwendoline was a fastidiously put together woman, my grandmother was anything but.  Her slender body was an easy five inches taller than Gwendoline’s petite frame.  Her long, platinum-grey hair cascaded wild and free down her back in stark contrast to the neat and tidy, braided upsweep Gwendoline sported.  While Gwendoline could be found wearing well pressed slacks and a crisp clean shirt most of the time, my grandmother, favored long, loose cotton shifts that allowed her freedom while keeping her cool.  Even though the climate in Verso was moister and cooler than our home in the nuclear scarred and desolate land and loose fitting clothing that allowed air flow was no longer necessary, she didn’t bother to shift her wardrobe to accommodate the change in climate.  
“No one is negating that fact, my dear,” my grandmother said soothingly after they filled her in on what conversation she missed.  “We are all in agreement that things were handled poorly in the past and need to be shifted.  Therefore, there truly is no need to convince us further.”
“Quite right,” Gwendoline said with a smile that spoke of how she may have used it to manipulate the opposite sex in her younger, more handsome years. “Besides, my boys have something far more pressing to focus on,” she turned to me and added, “as do ye.”


*****



VAMPIRE QUEEN [A Continuation of Vampire Witch] is available at your favorite bookseller.
 

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

 Eileen Sheehan primarily writes hot, steamy romances (mostly New Adult) with a sexy male and strong female. A few are steamier than others (see their description). The majority of her novels are paranormal, but some are novels about normal people in love (contemporary or historical with the author name of Ailene Frances). ALL of her stories have a bit of naughtiness, some excitement, a few thrills, and maybe a touch of mystery mixed in with sometimes hot, sometimes sweet lovin'. She strives to write a novel length that will allow the busy woman to be able to sit down in an evening or two and be taken on a romantic journey without having a week go by before she gets to the end of the story.  Most of her novels take the average reader five to six hours to read.

An incurable romantic, she has a love affair with at least one of her characters... one book at a time. She hopes the same thing happens to you.


***

Eileen Sheehan started out as a freelance writer for periodical magazines and newspapers. From there, she tried her hand at writing screenplays. Her screenplay, "When East Meets West" was a finalist in the 2001 Independent International Film and Video Festival at Madison Square Gardens, NYC. Finally finding her niche, she lets her imagination loose with new adult/paranormal romance/thrillers (some are steamy and some are tame) with the author name of Eileen Sheehan. She creates steamy historical and contemporary romances with the author name of Ailene Frances. Since she enjoys a bit of adrenaline releasing now and then, she writes mystery/thrillers with the author name of Eileen F. Sheehan. Seeing how far out of the box she could stretch, she crafted an alternative romance with the author name of E. F. Sheehan and has a few self-help books under her work name of Lena Sheehan. 

A Personal Note from Eileen:
Hello all of you paranormal/ romance/ horror/ thriller fans! Thank you for supporting me as an indie author. If you could feel inclined to write a review, or even simply tell a fellow reader that you enjoyed my books I'd be eternally grateful. Reviews are one of the primary things that retailers look at when referring a book to others, which makes them almost as important as sales. If you want to see more quality writings at a reasonable price, please support my efforts by leaving a review. Thanks!

