





Vanilla 
By Ella Price

This book is a work of fiction, and does not represent real events. Characters, names, places, and incidents are works of the author’s imagination and do not depict any real event, or person living or dead.
Copyright © 2016 by Ella Price
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form.

Cover by AEP Book Covers

Chapter 1

The rain was finally clearing out. I knew that meant Lena, my best friend and roommate, would want to go out tonight. It was Friday, and it was our first day of summer vacation. Lena and I had been best friends since middle school; so I knew how she was. I was spending the day working, but I only worked until five. I loved my job; so I didn’t really consider it work. I was an art major. In my first year of college, I met Meg, the owner of a downtown art gallery. Since art was basically my life, the job was perfect for me. 
During the school year I worked part time, and during the summer I worked full time. I glanced at the clock on the wall. It was a little after four. I had already completed my closing activities, such as dusting and sweeping the gallery floor. It was somewhat of a slow day. Tonight, it would get busier. Monica worked nights, unless there was an event, and then everyone worked. 
“Mandy, darling, did you rearrange the Garro paintings?” Meg asked as she sashayed out of her office. She spent most of her time there, or meeting with artists. She was an older lady with a glitzy sense of style. She was successful at what she did, and she made quite a bit of money from it. She had a lot of friends and connections. 
“Yes, I did. I arranged them just as you asked.” I was in a good mood. I made sure I did everything I was supposed to; so I could leave on time.
“Excellent. As soon as Monica arrives, you may go.” Her good mood reflected in her voice like it usually did. She made her way toward the Garro display. She was singing lightly, like she always seemed to do. I didn’t recall ever seeing her in a bad mood.
A few minutes later, Monica rushed through the door. She always seemed like she was in a hurry. She graduated last year, but she was still working at the gallery. I could understand why she wanted to stay; the gallery was an awesome place. 
“I am so glad the rain is going away.” She sounded slightly disgruntled as she shrugged her raincoat off.
“Me too. I’m tired of gloomy weather.” I didn’t have a car; so I had to catch the bus; which made the weather more of a predicament for me. 
I followed Monica to the back room. She was putting her things away, as I was gathering mine to leave. I slipped my raincoat on, just in case. I gathered my purse, making sure I had my phone. 
Monica put her things on the shelf, and then glanced at me. “Are you working tomorrow?” 
I nodded. “From two to close, I think.”
“That’s right. That charity thing is tomorrow night,” she said thoughtfully. She walked back out toward the front room, and I followed.
“Yep, Meg is super excited about it.” I admired her as I followed behind her. I was always slightly jealous of Monica. She was the tall, dark haired, model type. She had the long legs, and tan skin.
I, on the other hand, was slim, but I was short and petite. I was in proportion and my legs were long, considering my height, but I was by no means super model looking like she was. I had full breasts, and nice curves, but I couldn’t strut in a pair of heels like she could. I had curly blond hair that fell almost to my behind. Monica had the perfect stylish bob. I imagined myself getting the haircut she had, but I kept thinking it would look funny on me; so I didn’t. 
Monica took up her position behind the front desk. She smiled broadly at me as she picked up a magazine. “Try to stay dry, and I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
“I will try.” I waved as I walked through the door. I was happy to be free for the evening. I walked the short distance to the bus stop and waited for the bus. I was sure as soon as I got home I would be bombarded by Lena and her plans for a fun night. I wasn’t big on clubbing. Lena went out a lot. Usually, I had an excuse not to go, but she knew since it was summer, my excuses would be limited. 
I boarded the bus after only a few minutes. I was out of work just in time. The apartment I shared with Lena was only a mile away from the gallery. It was closer to school; that way I could walk to class. 
I walked into the apartment, and music was blaring from Lena’s room. I didn’t bother calling her name because I doubted she would hear me. I dumped my things on the couch and made my way to her room.
“Knock, knock,” I called when she didn’t immediately notice me. 
She was routing through her closet, looking for something to wear. She smiled as me, and then hurried over to turn the music down. “You should find something to wear. We are going to have some fun tonight.”
I sighed as I plopped down in a chair near her bed. “Where are we going?” I always let her pick where we went. I hadn’t regretted it yet. She knew all the best places to go. I wasn’t into clubbing like she was.
“So … hear me out before you freak out. I found this totally awesome club in the middle of downtown. I met this guy that goes there, and he has a friend …” she started, but I cut her off.
“No, no friends,” I said firmly. I didn’t want to be set up. I wasn’t in a big hurry to get into any kind of relationship. Relationships were distracting, and I would much rather finish school first.
“Oh, come on,” she pouted. “You are totally his type.”
“His type for what? Why can’t we just go hang out?” I was trying not to pout like she was, but I really hated being set up.
“This is where the ‘don’t freak out’ part comes in. They are both Doms and the club is of a more mature nature.” The hesitant tone in her voice told me everything. 
My eyes widened with shock. “Lena! No!” 
She raised her hands. “Please, please, please, Mandy. Patrick is so hot, and Quinn is to die for. I have done a session with Patrick and it really isn’t as bad as you think.”
“Lena, I said I would go to a dance club, not a sex club. That is a bit of an extreme leap.” I was shocked that she even suggested it. It was a seriously extreme leap.
“It is so much fun, I promise. You just have to relax and give it a chance. You can meet Quinn and if you don’t like him, then you don’t have to do anything with him.” She continued to watch me with her hopeful eyes. She knew I had a hard time saying no to her.
I wanted to say no, but she looked like I would break her heart. “Lena,” I moaned as I got to my feet. 
I wasn’t a sex club kind of girl. Hell, I wasn’t a girl that had even had sex yet. I was waiting. I wasn’t really sure what I was waiting for. I liked to think it was for prince charming, but I was pretty sure I just didn’t want the stress and responsibility of being sexually active. Every time Lena had a boyfriend she would freak the minute her period was a few seconds late. I didn’t need that right now. 
“Just come with me. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. I just want you to meet Quinn. Pleeaase!!!” She was resorting to begging, and it annoyed me more.
I rolled my eyes. “Fine.” I was defeated, and she smiled when I surrendered. She knew she would get her way. It wouldn’t hurt to go there and meet Quinn, but that was all I was doing.
She squealed in excitement and jumped up and down. She began to push me toward my room. “Go get dressed. Wear something sexy, but elegant.”
“I can’t believe I agreed to this,” I muttered.
“You are the best.” She hugged me, and then she hurried back to her room to find her outfit. 
I sat down on my bed and looked around my room. I wasn’t sure about this. Lena was so excited, but I was terrified. I decided to get dressed, since she would be bugging me soon enough. I couldn’t believe I agreed to go with her. I considered telling her no, but I decided against it. I could do this at least once. If I went and didn’t like it, then I would know. There would be nothing really lost.
I stood in front of the mirror trying to decide if what I was wearing was overdoing it, or underdoing it. I didn’t know what the proper sex club attire would be. The dress I was wearing clung to my curves. It was a pale pink rose color that went well with my hair and skin tone. I showed some cleavage, but nothing was hanging out. The swishy skirt fell to my knee, and the white heels gave me a few extra inches. My manicure and pedicure were fresh from the previous night. I pinned my curly hair up. I wasn’t a huge fan of makeup, and my complexion didn’t require much. I did some light mascara and enough eyeshadow to bring out the light green of my eyes. I did a rose lipstick to match the dress. I looked good, but I wasn’t sure if I was sex club good.
Lena came bursting into my room startling me a little. She hesitated when she saw me. “Wow.” She sounded a little shocked as she looked me over.
“Is it too much?” I asked worried. She was wearing a tight red, tank dress. It was more of a modern look than mine. She was wearing a lot of makeup, at least more than I was. Her lips and shoes were the same crimson color as her dress. Her brown curly hair was loose around her shoulders. She looked like she was going clubbing. I looked more like I was going to a tea party.
“No! It’s perfect. I know Quinn will love it.” The excited gleam in her eye reassured me. “Are you ready?”
I glanced at the clock. It was only a little after eight. I didn’t realize I took so much time getting dressed. “It is kind of early isn’t it?” I was nervous. I was trying to hide it, but I was failing.
“They will be there. Come on.” She was coaxing and encouraging me. She knew I wasn’t comfortable with this, and she was giving me the extra push I needed. 
“I need to switch my purse.” I hurried to my bed. I quickly switched my phone and wallet to a smaller purse that matched the dress. “I still can’t believe I let you talk me into this.” I was a little worried I would regret it later.
She giggled. “It will be fun. It is not as scary as you think.”
I didn’t believe her for a second. I knew she would say anything to get me to go. I followed her out of the apartment to her car. She seemed like she was in an excessively good mood. I wasn’t quite sure how I felt yet. I was sure as soon as I walked in the club, the reality of what I was doing would hit me and I would freak out. 
The drive was relatively quick. I loved having an apartment right downtown. It made things so much more convenient. Lena parked on the side street of a busy part of downtown. There was a variety of restaurants and bars, but nothing that screamed sex club. 
She hopped out before I could ask her anything about the place. I sighed and followed her. She was in such a hurry, and I was trying to delay. She walked down a set of stairs, and I reluctantly followed. There was a man in a suit standing just outside the set of double doors.
She gave the bouncer her famous flirty smile. “I’m Lena, Patrick’s guest, and this is Mandy.”
The man looked over a list, then nodded and opened the door for us. Lena hurried inside, and I forced myself to follow. The main part of the club was blocked from view when we walked in the front room. 
Lena hesitated before moving into the main part of the club. “Are you okay?” She looked at me for confirmation.
I nodded. I felt a little sick, and I knew I was pale, but I was trying. 
She hurried over to me. “It really isn’t that bad. You are gorgeous.” She was trying to reassure me, but it really wasn’t helping. “Come on.” She snatched my hand, wasting no more time. She was ready to see Patrick.
I let her lead me into the main part of the club. It looked like a regular bar, just more expensive. There were not nearly as many people as I expected. I knew it was a private club because there wasn’t even a sign out front. I was pretty sure it was invite only. The bar was a circular bar in the center of the room. There was a variety of booths, tables, and couches spread throughout. There were hallways leading to private rooms in the back. I expected to see some X-rated activities, but everything seemed pretty laid back. I was sure it was just early. I was also trying not to look around too much.
She hesitated and looked around the room. “There they are!” The excitement in her voice was evident, as she pointed them out. “Patrick is in the gray suit.” 
I looked in the direction she was pointing. Two men stood near the bar. Patrick was good looking. He was smiling. His light brown hair was short and neat. He was tall and athletic. If I met him on the street I wouldn’t think he was the sex club type. 
The man standing next to him was the complete opposite of him. His expression was darker and less forgiving. He was gorgeous, almost too gorgeous. He looked like he belonged on the cover of a magazine. His black hair was longer and slightly untamed looking, but at the same time he made it look classy. I couldn’t tell what color his eyes were, but I imagined they were brown. His skin was darker like it was his natural color, not a tan. He was tall and broad, but he was fit like he worked out. I knew if I stood next to him he would be so much larger than me. Just looking at him made me feel like my heart was going to stop. If that was Quinn, there was no way I was going to be able to make it through. He hadn’t even looked at me yet, and I was pretty sure I didn’t want him looking at me like that.
I started to panic. “I can’t do this.” I pulled back as Lena attempted to pull me toward them.
She looked at me, startled at first; then her annoyance was evident. “What? Don’t flake out on me now.”
“I should have never come,” I countered. “It is your fault I am here.”
“Mandy,” she moaned. 
“Lena, this is ridiculous. I don’t belong here. It was stupid of me to come.” I hoped my protests would encourage her to release me.
She had an iron grip on my wrist, and a determined look in her eyes. “You are not bailing on me like this.”
“Is everything okay?” The playful male voice was behind us. He caught both of our attention. 
I looked up and met Patrick’s playful blue eyes. 
“Everything is fine.” Lena’s voice went from her annoyed pout to a gentle coo once she realized he was standing there. “I was just trying to talk Mandy into not freaking out.” She eyed me as she spoke.
“I don’t belong here, Lena.” I matched her tone, standing my ground. 
Patrick looked amused, like he thought the whole situation was funny. “Perhaps a drink would make you feel better?” 
Lena gave me the same hopeful look that got me into the situation. “Yes, one drink. If after one drink you still want to leave, then you can.” 
“Fine, one drink.” I made sure my tone was firm; so she knew I wasn’t going to back down.
She grinned as she looked up at Patrick. “Lead the way,” She was using the sexiest tone she could manage. I was sure she saved it just for him. Patrick walked toward the bar, and Lena dragged me along with her. She was refusing to release my wrist. I was pretty sure she thought I would bolt the first chance I got.
I noticed Patrick didn’t bring us over to where Quinn was standing. Quinn was talking to another man and woman that weren’t there a few minutes earlier. Patrick ordered us drinks, and I stood nervously waiting for mine.
Patrick smiled as he touched Lena’s shoulders. “I am going to see what is keeping Quinn.”
“Okay, we’ll be here.” Lena made it a point to bat her eyelashes at him. I could tell she had it bad for him already. 
I rolled my eyes. “You know he is going to break your heart.” I waited impatiently for my drink trying not to glance around too much.
She scowled at me. “You are such a pessimist. You need to loosen up.” She snatched the pin holding my hair up, and my hair went tumbling around my shoulders.
“That took me forever to pin up,” I complained, as I tried to snatch my hair pin back. 
She grinned. “You look less uptight with it down.” She held the pin out of my reach. She was taller than me by a few inches and she was using it to her advantage.
“You are impossible,” I muttered as I accepted the drink the bartender handed me. 
Someone touched my hair, making me hesitate. It was a gentle touch, more like how a lover would touch my hair, not a stranger. 
“How long have you been growing your hair?’ I couldn’t see the man, and I didn’t recognize his voice. 
Lena grinned like a hyena. Her reaction made me pretty sure it was Quinn standing behind me. 
“Since I was young.” I was trying not to sound like a breathless idiot. My cheeks were burning. I wasn’t used to anyone touching me so quickly. I had a guy or two move in for a kiss, but it wasn’t the same. The way he touched my hair seemed more intimate.
“It’s beautiful. It’s your natural color?” He ran his fingers through my hair as he spoke, like he was genuinely admiring it.
“Yes.” I wasn’t sure what else I was supposed to say or do; so I kept my responses simple.
“It lightens more during the summer,” Lena added. I knew she was trying to encourage the conversation. 
Quinn moved up next to me, and looked down at me. Just as I thought, he towered above me, even though I was wearing heels. My eyes met his. His eyes were a deep brown, much darker than I thought they would be. He caught my chin, partially cupping my cheek. He ran his thumb over my cheek slowly as he watched me. 
His brown eyes were extremely intelligent and observant. “You aren’t wearing much makeup.” 
I was suddenly self-conscious. He was examining me closely. I didn’t recall ever having a man pay this much attention to me.
Lena laughed nervously. “Mandy doesn’t need makeup. She has perfect skin; sometimes it is so annoying.” 
I was pretty sure she was getting nervous for me. The way he was touching me made me nervous and excited. He was almost admiring me like someone would admire a piece of art. 
“She is beautiful, but I am afraid her lack of training is a problem.” His admiring tone quickly turned to a dry tone as he released my chin.
Patrick scowled slightly. “Oh come on Quinn. At least give her a chance.” His tone was disapproving. It was obvious he wanted Quinn to like me as much as Lena did. 
“I don’t want a chance.” I spoke before I really thought about what I was saying. I was pretty sure my response startled them both. “I mean you are a very good looking man, but I really don’t belong here.” I glanced at Quinn nervously. I didn’t want to offend him, but I didn’t want him to think I wanted something I didn’t. 
“Mandy,” Lena complained as she stomped her foot.
“Stomp your foot all you want. I do not belong in a place like this. I should have never agreed to come with you.” I was starting to get annoyed, and I was making sure she knew it. “In fact, I should be going.”
“There is no need to rush off,” Patrick said quickly. “I understand being here is a bit overwhelming, but no one is pressing you to participate in anything.” 
I looked at Lena and she looked like she was going to start begging. “I suppose I could stay for a while.” I was starting to regain my composure. 
Lena brightened a little. “Why don’t we go sit on one of the couches?”
Patrick offered her his arm, and then he led her over to one of the vacant couches. I sat down, and Lena sat next to me. Quinn and Patrick sat in chairs across from the couch; so we were sitting in a circle. 
I took another sip of my drink, trying to calm my nerves. Lena started talking about her day; which was a nice distraction. I could feel Quinn’s eyes on me. I looked over at him, and just as I thought, he was watching me. I was sitting with my legs crossed. I was fighting the urge to shift under his dark gaze. I moved my hair to one side as I tried to focus on Lena’s conversation. Patrick seemed like he was completely enamored with her. After a few minutes, they decided to go get another drink. They were going to leave me alone with Quinn. He really didn’t look like the type that wanted to babysit the newbie. 
I decided to make conversation to kill the awkward silence. Once Lena and Patrick were gone, I was at a loss. “How long have you and Patrick known one another?” 
He smiled. The way he smiled was both incredibly sexy and teasing. “Since we were in grade school. Why are you so uptight?” 
I felt my cheeks redden. I brushed my hair behind my ear trying to mask my nervousness. “I just don’t like it here.” I decided the truth would be the best. He would know if I was lying. 
“Why not? Are you one of those individuals that thinks having a little bit of fun is wrong?” His tone was condescending, and I was having a hard time focusing under his hard gaze.
I tried to relax, but I was unable to meet his gaze. “No, I think everyone should do what makes them happy as long as it isn’t hurting anyone else. This just isn’t for me.” 
“Have you ever been dominated?” The amused lilt in his voice told me he already knew the answer.
I shook my head as I smoothed my skirt. “No, it isn’t something I ever considered doing.”
“So you’re all vanilla; figures.” He sounded bored as he took a sip of his drink.
“What does vanilla mean?” I was hoping it wasn’t a stupid question. I knew it was a flavor, but he was using it in a different way then what I heard in the past. 
He watched me thoughtfully. “It means you aren’t adventurous in the bedroom. You don’t try anything new.” 
“Oh.” I thought about it for a moment, and then I smiled. “Vanilla isn’t always bad. I like vanilla ice cream.”
He smiled and it went to his eyes for the first time. “I like vanilla ice cream too, but it is better with chocolate sauce and strawberries.”
I giggled at the topic of conversation. “Sometimes I like caramel and peanuts.”
He raised his eyebrows in amusement. “Is this you flirting?”
I blushed shaking my head. “I am not even going to attempt to flirt with you. I know I would fail miserably at it.”
He laughed, sending shivers of excitement through me. He had a beautiful laugh, everything about him was flawless, and that scared me a little. “That isn’t necessarily true. Would you like a tour of the club? You never know, you might see something you like.” He was making fun of me, and I knew it.
I shook my head. “I don’t think that is a good idea. I am trying not to run as it is.” I was trying to keep my tone even, but it was difficult.
“Come on. If you never try, you will never know.” He stood as he spoke. He adjusted his jacket and offered me his hand.
I looked at him nervously. I didn’t want to move because I really didn’t want to know what was in the back rooms of the club. I had to admit, he made me curious. I didn’t want to be teased; so I set my drink down and slowly stood. I took his hand.
He smiled as he placed my hand on his arm. His smile was more devilish, like he was planning something. He led me toward one of the doorways that led to the back rooms. I was trying to control my breathing. I was also trying not cling to him for dear life. The scent of his cologne made me relax a little. I wished I was one of those brave confident girls, but I wasn’t. The hallway we stepped into was dimly lit, and the walls were covered with erotic paintings. 
“This side is private rooms. I think you will be more comfortable over here, then the other side.” The amusement in his voice made me blush. He was still making fun of me. I just brushed him off.
I was assuming that meant the other side wasn’t so private. He led me into an open doorway. I hesitated just inside the door when I saw the room. He placed his hand on the small of my back and ushered me forward; so he could close the door. 
His lips brushed my ear making my breath catch in my throat. “Just remember, it isn’t as bad as it looks.” His tone was a seductive whisper; one he would use in the bedroom.
I didn’t have much time to focus on his tone. I was quickly distracted by the room. The room was the most frightening one I had ever seen. There was a large leather mattress on one side. There were no blankets or pillows. One wall was lined with switches, canes, and riding crops of every variety. There was also a choice of cuffs and chains hanging from another wall. Shelves of various toys used for pleasure and pain were lining other parts of the wall. The entire room had nothing but objects meant for sexual play. There were so many things to look at, it was almost too much.
His fingers slipped around my wrist, catching my attention. He led me toward the leather bed. My body didn’t resist him even though my mind was screaming for me to run away. He easily lifted me, setting me on my knees on the edge of the firm leather mattress.
“What are you doing?” I sounded breathless; even though I was trying to sound brave. 
“We are just playing.” His playful seductive whisper was back. It sent a rush of excitement through me. He gathered my hair in his hands; pushing it to one side, and then he slowly began to slide his hands down my back. He caught my wrists and raised them above my head. He cuffed each of my wrists. 
I considered protesting, but I decided against it. I knew he was just playing. He already said he wasn’t really interested in me.
He moved away from me, and I turned to see what he was doing. He walked to the wall of pain inflicting items and selected a switch. It was a pretty brown leather one, that I probably would have admired if he wasn’t about to use it on me. 
“What is that for?” I squeaked as he moved back toward me.
He smiled wickedly as he played with the end of the switch. “I told you. We are going to play.”
I felt my cheeks redden, as I pulled against the cuffs. “You aren’t going to hit me with that are you?” The disbelief in my voice was evident. 
My reaction made him smile wider. He came to a stop just behind me. “That is exactly what I intend to do.” 
“You said I didn’t have to participate.” I spoke so quickly, I had a hard time forming the words.
“Patrick said that, and you’re the one who let me cuff you.” He was teasing me, as he continued to watch me with his playful brown eyes.
I scowled slightly, as I pulled on the cuffs. “I assumed you were a gentleman.” 
He laughed. “That was your first mistake.” He moved closer to me. He pulled on the cuffs, forcing me to face away from him.
He swatted me across my rear before I had time to protest. I squeaked in surprise when it stung. I pulled harder on the cuffs. “I never agreed to be spanked!” 
My voice was high pitched and my face burned with embarrassment. My heart was pounding. I wasn’t scared; it was more humiliating and embarrassing than anything. 
“Oh, but I want to spank you so bad.” His seductive whisper was still affecting me, but I was still fighting the feeling.
One of my wrists slipped free. He reached for my flailing wrist, catching it in his large hand. I struggled and my other wrist slipped free as well. He went to swat me again, but I caught the switch in my unoccupied hand. He had one of my wrists in one hand and the switch in the other; so he couldn’t grab my other hand. 
I pulled back and twisted as he moved forward. He landed on his back on the mattress and I shifted quickly. I somehow managed to straddle his hips. I pinned his wrist to the bed; so he couldn’t use the switch on me again. 
His brown eyes were blazing with excitement and amusement. He was panting just as much as I was. I was surprised to find I was turned on by the intimate position. I could feel his erection pressing into my thigh. My body was already responding to him in ways it hadn’t responded to a man before. I could smell him, and feel him. He could have easily tossed me off him, but he was lying still. He was holding my wrist and I was holding his. Our eyes were locked on one another, as if both of us were waiting for the other to make a move. The sudden urge to kiss him overcame me. I wasn’t really sure what I was thinking. I almost felt like my body was doing whatever it wanted, despite the protests from my brain. 
I pressed my lips to his without taking much time to think about it. Part of me feared he would push me away, but another part of me didn’t care. It was worth the risk. His full, soft lips, tasted so sweet. He didn’t resist, if anything he immediately returned the kiss. His tongue touched mine, making me moan in excitement. We were still holding one another’s wrists as we kissed one another passionately. I didn’t want to stop. It was as if everything around us faded away. I never had such a feeling when I kissed a man. My body felt like it came to life, as pleasurable tingling sensations rushed over me.
The door suddenly opened, startling us apart. A woman I didn’t recognize looked at us. She was tall and beautiful like a supermodel. Her blond hair was pinned up, and she was wearing a very form fitting dress. I had a feeling she knew he was in the room. 
“Am I interrupting?” She sounded annoyed. The expression on her face suggested she wasn’t happy about what she was seeing.
Quinn quickly shifted, dropping me on the bed. “Not at all, Rebecca. Did you need something?” He was pretending she didn’t just catch him in an intimate situation. 
Her eyes shifted to me momentarily, and then she looked back at him. It was a little awkward because she seemed like her feelings were hurt. She quickly regained her composure. “Don was looking for you. Patrick said you were showing someone around.” 
“Tell Don I will be out in a few minutes.” He kept his tone even and his face expressionless as he spoke to her.
She nodded, and then hurried out, closing the door behind her.
He looked over at me. His expression was extremely hard to read. 
I smiled nervously. “I didn’t mean to get you in trouble.” 
He laughed as he walked over to put the switch back. “You are trouble, but you haven’t gotten me in trouble; at least not yet.”
 “I am sure Lena is wondering where I disappeared to.” I was trying to make an excuse to kill the awkwardness. I slid to the edge of the bed. 
He smiled as he offered me his arm. “I will walk you back out to the bar.” 
I narrowed my eyes at him. “The last time I took your arm I ended up in cuffs.”
His smiled widened. “I promise this time I will just escort you back to your friend.”
I bit my lip trying to keep from grinning like an idiot. I slipped my hand on his arm. I hated that he was making me feel this way. I was usually able to remain cool and calm around men. He made me feel like a silly girl. 
He led me back down the hallway into the main bar. I scanned the room, but didn’t see Lena anywhere. Quinn guided me to the bar, and pulled a seat out for me. 
He waved the bartender over. “Gary, get her a drink, and put it on my tab.” He turned his attention to me. “I will find Lena for you.”
I nodded as I released his arm and climbed into the seat.
He made his way back toward the back rooms. I watched him until he disappeared out of sight.
“What can I get you?” Gary asked catching my attention. He smiled playfully like he was considering flirting.
“Martini, please.” I tried to relax as I waited.
“Coming right up.” He winked and went to work making my drink. 
I didn’t look around. I was still afraid of what I would see. I was hoping Lena would appear soon to distract me. Gary handed me my drink, then he went to tend to another customer. I sipped my drink as I waited.
“What happened between you and Quinn?” Lena’s excited voice startled me. She slid into the seat next to me. I didn’t even hear her approach. It was almost as if she appeared out of nowhere. 
“Nothing really. Why? What did he say?”  I was a little confused. We kissed, but I didn’t think he would go tell everyone. 
“He didn’t say anything. His ex-sub Rebecca is having a fit. Something about catching you two together.” She was watching me intently as she spoke. 
“We weren’t really together. We were just playing around.” I was trying to politely brush her off.
“Playing around? Playing around how? Quinn doesn’t play around. I need details.” She sounded desperate. 
I smiled shaking my head. I didn’t really want to go into detail, but she didn’t act like she was going to let it go. “We were just playing around and I kissed him, but it was nothing. It was just a caught in the moment type thing.” I kept my tone as nonchalant as I could manage.
Her eyes widened. “You kissed him? What did he do?” 
The shock in her voice confused me. “He kissed me back of course, and then Rebecca walked in. Why is this a big deal?” The topic of conversation was a little uncomfortable. I wasn’t one to discuss what I did in private with guys. 
She grinned like a hyena. “Quinn doesn’t kiss his submissives.” 
I scoffed. “That is ridiculous. How do you keep from kissing someone?”
“It’s one of his rules. He doesn’t kiss them on the lips or in other places.” She winked suggestively.
“How do you know that?” I was slightly horrified by the topic of conversation. I knew what she meant by other places, and my cheeks reddened at the mention of it. I didn’t want to know what Quinn did and didn’t do with women. 
She shrugged. “Patrick mentioned it, and men talk. He must be really into you.” She nudged me playfully. 
“Oh, no.” I refused to go down this path. “I am not cut out for this lifestyle. Rules and kinky sex just aren’t my thing.”
She rolled her eyes. “You have no idea what you are missing.”
I was about to respond, but someone touched the small of my back. I looked up into Quinn’s dark eyes. He completely disarmed me. All my protests left my mouth. I was speechless when I looked at him.
“I’m going to go find Patrick.” Lena hurried away before I could protest.
Quinn raised his hand to get Gary’s attention. “Do you want another drink?”  
I shook my head. “I shouldn’t. I have to work tomorrow.”
Gary hurried over to him. “What can I get you?”
 “Scotch on the rocks.” He turned his attention back to me. “Where do you work?” 
“I work at, Inspirations, an art gallery downtown.” I was trying not to sound as nervous as I felt under his dark gaze. Lena’s mention of his rules made me a little more nervous around him. I wondered if I offended him by kissing him. 
“You like art?” He sounded like he was surprised. 
I was under the impression Lena told him something about me, but apparently she didn’t. “Yes, I am actually in college for art. I have one more year.”
“I see. What is it you like to paint?” He sounded more interested in me than I thought he would.
I thought about the variety of things I painted. People, landscapes, I painted really anything that inspired me. I shrugged. “I will paint anything really.”
“I would love to see some of your work.” He watched me intently as he spoke. He made it sound like he wanted to see it now.
“Now?” I asked a little startled. 
He smiled slightly. “Now is fine with me.”
I hesitated. “Most of my paintings are in my room back at my apartment.” 
“That works out perfectly. I will give you a ride home, and you can show me your paintings.” He retrieved his wallet. He handed the bartender money, then he took my hand. 
I was a little startled, but I didn’t argue. I glanced around looking for Lena, but I didn’t see her anywhere. I knew she probably would be aware that he was taking me home, so I didn’t worry about it too much. 
He led me out of the club. There was a car waiting at the entrance. A man held the rear door open, and Quinn ushered me in the backseat. He climbed in next to me, and the man got in the driver’s seat. 
Quinn addressed the driver as soon as we were both seated. “Jack, we are going to go to Ms. Slater’s residence. She lives with Ms. Drake.”
Jack nodded and started down the road.
I was a little caught off guard. I didn’t expect him to have a driver. I really didn’t expect him to know where I lived. It was obvious Jack had given Lena a ride home before. I smoothed my skirt nervously. I wasn’t used to feeling this way for a guy. I was confused and excited. I was terrified I was going to do or say something wrong; so I thought it best to remain quiet. 
Quinn caught my chin with his fingers. I looked up at him. My cheeks flushed when my eyes met his. I fought the urge to pull away and look down. 
He ran his thumb across my lower lip, making my breath catch in my throat. “Your lips tasted so sweet.” He leaned into me and nipped at my lips. 
I wanted to taste his lips again. He was giving me approval; so I moved in. I pressed my lips to his. I tangled my fingers in his hair pulling him into a passionate kiss. His arms embraced me as his tongue invaded my mouth. We clung to one another desperately. I briefly considered the fact that we weren’t alone, but I found that I didn’t care. 
The car came to a stop and he broke the kiss. We were in front of my apartment. Jack stepped out of the car. I knew he was giving us some privacy. Quinn’s brown eyes were blazing like he was trying to control himself. 
“Do you still want to see the paintings?” I was breathless as I spoke. I knew what he wanted, and I wasn’t inviting him just to be friendly. I wanted him to come in. I was a little worried about how I was going to handle what happened next, but I decided to worry about it when it happened. I was on birth control; so I was prepared for what might happen between us. I never considered going this far with a man, especially not one I just met. 
He looked like he was regaining some of his composure. “I don’t think that is a good idea.” 
“Oh.” I couldn’t hide the disappointment in my voice. “Did I do something wrong?” I looked up at him. 
He was still watching me intently. He smiled slightly. “You haven’t done anything wrong. You know what I like …” he started, but he trailed off.
“Oh.” I understood what he was trying to say. I wasn’t what he wanted. “Well, I had fun anyway.” I was hoping he didn’t see how red my cheeks were. 
He reached out and tugged on a strand of my hair. “I had a lot of fun too.” 
We watched one another for a minute or two, and then he turned and opened the door. He climbed out, and I slid across the seat and took the hand he offered. He helped me out of the car. I walked toward my apartment and he followed. 
I unlocked the door, then turned and looked up at him. He just watched me with his dark eyes. I wondered what he was thinking, but I knew he would never tell. I stepped forward, and kissed him on the cheek. I had to stand on my tip toes, and press my hand to his chest to steady myself just to do that. If he didn’t lean down to me, it was nearly impossible for me to reach him without trying. 
“Thank you for the ride home,” I murmured. Our eyes locked again. I was vaguely aware that I was still touching his chest. I loved the feel of his muscles and the soft fabric of his shirt. The scent of his cologne was all I could smell. I didn’t recall ever feeling so comfortable with a man.
His expression softened as he looked down at me. He suddenly stepped away from me, and the cool calm mask he usually wore was back. “You’re welcome. Maybe I will see you around.”
“I’m sure you will.” I forced a smile, trying to kill the sudden awkwardness. “Goodnight.” I quickly retreated into the safety of my apartment. I closed the door and leaned against it. I closed my eyes as I took a steadying breath. I didn’t know what it was about him that made me feel this way. I knew he wasn’t what I was looking for and I wasn’t what he was looking for, but I was so attracted to him it was almost too hard to resist.
If he hadn’t of said no, I was pretty sure I wouldn’t have been a virgin much longer. I felt like I had no self-control when he touched me. I shook the feeling and walked further into my apartment. I walked to my bedroom. I kicked my heels off, and tossed my purse on the dresser. I couldn’t help but notice how alone I felt. I normally didn’t feel this way. There was something about Quinn that made me yearn for his touch. I only wished he was like every other man in the world, then again if he was, maybe I wouldn’t feel the same way about him.

Chapter 2

The sound of my door opening woke me up. I looked over and Lena was coming in my room.
The disappointed look on her face gave me an idea of what she was here for. “What are you doing here?” 
I laughed as I propped myself up on my pillow. “I live here.”
She rolled her eyes as she walked over to my bed and sat down. “I know that. I thought when you left with Quinn, he might take you home.”
I knew she was hoping something would happen between us. I thought her annoyance and disappointment was funny. “He did take me home.”
“I meant his home,” she said swatting me gently. 
I smiled. “You knew that wasn’t going to happen.”
She sighed as she examined her fingernails. “Did he do anything?”
“He walked me to the door. He is really very sweet.” I tried to give as little detail as possible. I knew Lena, and she liked to talk.
She made an annoyed noise as she stood. “You should have dragged him in here and showed him what he was missing.”
I laughed as I sat up. “Lena, I have no clue what I am doing when it comes to men. All I would have done is looked like a fool.”
Her eyes widened as if the thought just struck her. “Have you ever …” she hesitated like she wasn’t sure if she should ask.
“Have I had sex? No, I haven’t.” I wasn’t afraid of answering her unasked question. It wasn’t something I tried to hide, or that I was ashamed of. 
She was shocked at my revelation. “How do I not know you are a virgin?” 
I shrugged. “My sex life doesn’t really come up, since I don’t really have one.”
“Oh my god! I am such an ass. I basically tried to feed you to the wolves.” She was horrified and it made me giggle at her sincerity. She was really acting like it was a big deal. 
“It is no big deal, Lena. I am a big girl. I know how everything works and what goes on. Besides, it wasn’t that bad. I did have some fun.”
She watched me for a minute, and then she started giggling.
 “What are you laughing at?” I was trying not to giggle too. Her laugh was infectious. 
She shook her head as she stood. “I am going back to bed. It is way too early for me to be up.”
I glanced at the clock. It was only a little after six in the morning. “Why are you home so early?”
She shrugged. “Patrick had a meeting or something.” She walked out of my room without saying anything else. 
I readjusted my pillow and tried to get comfortable. I decided I wasn’t going to be going back to sleep anytime soon. I was wide awake now, even though I didn’t have to be to work until later in the afternoon. Thanks to Lena, my mind was back on Quinn. 
I showered and dressed, and then I spent the next couple hours painting Quinn. He was a beautiful man, and I somehow managed to remember every perfect line of his face. Painting his perfect full lips was my favorite part of the whole process.
My alarm chimed at one, pulling me from my trance. I set my paints aside and quickly changed into the dress I would wear to work. Tonight there was a charity event, and that required that I dress up a little more than usual. I did my hair and light makeup. 
I walked out into the main part of the apartment. Lena was already gone. I was sure she was off shopping or doing whatever it was she did. I hurried out to the bus stop, and like always I was just in time to catch the bus to work.

Work went quickly. I enjoyed what I did; so it didn’t really seem like work. The charity event was a success, and Meg was happy. The gallery was crowded up until the doors closed. It was a little after eleven and Monica and I were doing some last minute cleaning. Meg was still entertaining a few of her friends in the back.
Monica glanced at me as she began folding the last table cover. “Do you need a ride home?” 
“I would love one.” I was glad she offered because I hated asking. Normally she gave me rides when I had to work late. The bus quit running around ten; so it was either I get a ride from her or Meg, or I had to call a cab.
She handed me the folded table cover. “I am going to tell Meg we are done.”
I nodded as I gathered the others. I carried them to the back room. I retrieved my purse at the same time. I knew Monica was in a hurry to leave. I walked back out, and Monica was waiting for me.
She looked through her purse for her car keys. “Ready?” 
“Definitely.” I was happy to be off work. I enjoyed my job, but I also liked my free time too. She found her keys and I followed her out the door. 
I hesitated when I saw Quinn leaning up against a sleek sports car. He straightened when we walked out, like he was waiting for me. He was wearing black slacks, and a blue button up. His hair was somewhat careless tonight, and that made him sexier.
Monica hesitated and looked Quinn over and smiled. “Hello.” She used a lot of emphasis in her tone like she approved of what she saw. She was making sure he knew she was interested. Monica was brave like that, I wasn’t.
Quinn smiled like a gentleman would. “Hello.” His polite tone made him even sexier. He shifted his dark gaze to me. “Amanda, I was coming to see if you would like a ride home. Lena said you would be off soon, and I was in the area.” 
I doubted he was really just in the area at this time of night. I couldn’t help but feel a small rush of excitement at the thought that he wanted to pick me up from work.
Monica pushed me toward him. “She would love a ride. If she doesn’t take one, I want one.”
I giggled at her enthusiasm. “You’re crazy.”
She scoffed. “Not as crazy as you would be if you don’t go with him. I will see you Monday.” She started down the sidewalk toward her own car.
I looked back at Quinn smiling. Monica made the choice for me. She wasn’t even going to wait for my answer. “I guess I’m riding with you.”
He smiled slightly as he held the passenger door open for me. I moved past him, taking a second to enjoy the light scent of his cologne. I slipped in the passenger seat and he closed the door. 
He walked around to the driver’s side and climbed in. “I was wondering if you wanted to go for ice cream.”  His tone was playful as he glanced at me. The smile he had on his face made goose bumps cover my arms as a small rush of excitement rolled over me.
I was unable to hide my smile. “I would love some ice cream.” 
He was being so sweet. I didn’t understand how he could have so many rules like Lena said. He just didn’t seem like that type. The guy Lena described couldn’t possibly be this sweet.
He didn’t drive far before he parked in front of Bella’s. Bella’s was an upscale restaurant that I had never been to. Their food was a little out of my price range, and I never had a date that suggested we go. It was late. I couldn’t really believe they were still open.
He climbed out of the car and hurried to my side. He opened my door and I stepped out. He smiled playfully as he offered me his arm. I slipped my arm in his returning his smile. He led me into the restaurant. The restaurant was vacant, except for one table set near the center of the room.
A man hurried toward us. He was wearing the traditional chef’s uniform. “Mr. Quinn! So glad you could make it.” He had a rich Italian accent that went with the theme of the restaurant. I was pretty sure he was the owner.
“I appreciate you staying open for us, Max.” Quinn smiled at Max as he shook the hand Max offered.
Max urged us forward. “Come, come.” He turned and hurried toward the table that was set in the center of the dining room. 
Max held my chair, and I took my seat. I smiled politely at him. “Thank you.” I wasn’t used to the amount of attention and service Max was giving us.
“You are most welcome. Anything for Mr. Quinn’s beautiful lady friend.” Max’s personality was infectious. He seemed like he was extremely excited to be waiting on Quinn. 
Quinn smiled; obviously feeling the effects of Max’s good mood like I was. “Thank you, Max.”
“I will be back with your order.” He hurried toward the kitchen without waiting for either of us to comment. 
Once we were alone, I looked over at Quinn. “This is nice. I have never been here.”
“Really? This place is the best restaurant in town. They have the best vanilla ice cream in town too.” He seemed to smile every time he mentioned vanilla ice cream.
“Oh really? I didn’t realize you knew so much about vanilla. I was under the impression you insisted on smothering the simple flavor with chocolate and strawberries.” I was teasing him. He was so easy to talk to. He made me nervous and he excited me at the same time.
His brown eyes glittered with amusement as he watched me. “I do like my vanilla with a little flavor, but that doesn’t mean I can’t still taste it.”
“I think you are missing out completely. Vanilla has its own exotic taste that can easily be missed if it is masked by other flavors.” I was trying to keep from grinning as I spoke. I liked the playful banter. I knew the conversation was about so much more than the flavor of ice cream. 
Max hurried out carrying a tray with a variety of bowls. Quinn continued to watch me, but he didn’t speak as the bowls were set on the table. Max placed a bowl of plain vanilla in front of me, and a bowl of vanilla covered with chocolate and strawberries in front of Quinn. He also laid out bowls with a variety of other toppings, including caramel and peanuts. 
Max looked the table over, smiling broadly as he did. “If you need anything, shout.” He hurried away, disappearing into the back of the restaurant. 
“Are you going with just vanilla tonight, or will you make it more exciting?” The playful glint in his eyes made him seem like he was daring me. 
I sighed as I stood. I picked up my bowl of vanilla ice cream, and moved toward him. “I think I will go with plain tonight, and I intend to convince you that it has its own excitement that you are missing out on.” I spoke as seductively as I could manage. I wasn’t great at flirting, but I had my moments.
His eyes went from amused to curious, and maybe a little excited as he watched me walk over to him. 
I pushed his bowl back, and set my bowl on the table in front of him. He didn’t resist when I sat down in his lap. I intended to flirt with him as much as I possibly could. I didn’t care about his rules; I just wanted to be close to him. I was sitting sideways on his lap; so I looped one arm around his shoulders to support myself, then I retrieved the spoon with my free hand. 
I took a small spoonful of the vanilla ice cream and offered it to him. He opened his mouth when I offered, and I fed him the spoonful. His dark eyes watched me, making me want to blush. My stomach was in knots. I never got this close to a man on my own. I was being braver than usual. 
I smiled playfully. “Do you taste it?” 
“It doesn’t taste like much of anything.” His voice was soft, almost seductive. I had to work hard to focus and not let him get to me.
I sighed. “You didn’t taste it then.” I made sure I sounded like I was chiding him. I got another spoonful and offered it to him. 
He took the spoonful I offered. He took more time this time savoring the flavor. “Taste it yet.” I leaned into him as I whispered seductively. “It has its own exotic flavor if you pay attention.” My eyes drifted to his full lips. I wanted to kiss him, but I wasn’t sure if I should. I felt his erection building slowly under me. I loved knowing I aroused him. My eyes locked with his, and then I retrieved another spoonful. “I know you can taste it; you are just stubborn.” I kept my tone playful as I offered him another spoonful. 
He opened his mouth and I fed him the ice cream. A small drip fell on his lower lip. I moved in and gently kissed the ice cream from his lip, sucking gently as I did. His breath caught in his throat as I savored the taste of his mouth combined with the flavor of vanilla ice cream. 
“Taste it yet,” I murmured against his lips. My eyes locked with his as my lips brushed his.
His eyes were dark like molten chocolate. He was excited, and so was I. His erection was firm underneath me, and I wasn’t complaining. My body was responding, my panties were damp with my arousal. I was turning myself on teasing him.
“I’m starting to.” His voice was smooth like silk. He was excited, and I loved it. His excitement encouraged me.
I smiled as I retrieved another spoonful and offered it to him. He accepted like he had the others. I leaned into him and pressed my lips to his. The taste of his cold sweet lips made my heart pound. I was crazy about him already; it didn’t make sense, but I didn’t care. I slowly moved away from him and looked at him. 
His eyes were hooded and his breathing was quicker than it had been a few minutes before. He was excited, and it was exciting me.
I shifted against him; so I could feel his hard cock press into me. I loved the feeling. “Do you want more?”
“Oh I want so much more.” His voice was a low growl as he straightened. He pulled me tighter against him. “You have proven your point, but I think it is the type of vanilla, not all vanilla, that is exotic.” He ran his fingers through my hair. 
I closed my eyes relishing in the feel of his hands on me. “Oh, there are different types of vanilla now?” I was trying to keep my voice even. He was driving me crazy with how he was touching me. His erection was pressing into my thigh and was distracting enough without his hands touching me. 
“Mmm, there are types that haven’t been tasted yet.” His seductive whisper made my heart race. His lips brushed my ear making me moan in excitement as my belly clenched with pleasure. The way he spoke suggested Lena couldn’t keep her mouth shut. I was sure she told Patrick I was a virgin, and Patrick told Quinn. 
I didn’t care if he knew. “Do you want a taste?” I kept my tone light and playful as I opened my eyes and looked at him. His lips were dangerously close to mine. If I wasn’t a virgin, I was pretty sure we would have already been ripping each other’s clothes off.
His hand was resting on my thigh. I knew he wanted to trail higher, but he was hesitating. His eyes were watching me, but I could tell he was deep in thought. He was battling himself. “I do, but I know a taste won’t be enough.”
I giggled as I ran my fingers through his hair. I pressed my lips to his, kissing him hungrily. He didn’t resist or pull away. I savored the taste of his lips and his tongue. I knew he was being agreeable now, but that could change in an instant.
He finally broke the kiss making me moan in protest. He laughed. “While I love the taste of your lips, kissing is not going to be enough for me and we both know it.”
“Then take me home.” I sounded a little more desperate than I intended.
He raised his eyebrows in surprise. “You want to go home with me?” 
“I want you.” I was sure of what I was saying despite my earlier reservations about him. I pressed my body against his hoping to encourage him. 
His expression darkened. “I have rules, Amanda. My attention comes with a contract.” His firm tone suggested he wasn’t playing anymore. He was being serious, and it was a little disappointing.
I had a feeling he would change his tone soon. He always did whenever we got too close.
I scowled slightly. “No contracts, no rules.” I crossed my arms defiantly as I spoke.
He smiled, amused by my outburst. “I’m afraid that is not how I operate, regardless of how appealing you may be.”
I sighed as I slowly stood. “I suppose you should give me that ride home then.” I was disappointed, but I couldn’t be in a contract relationship like he wanted, and he couldn’t do without one. We were too different, no matter how much we were attracted to one another. 
He stood slowly. “I think it would be best.” His usual unreadable mask was back. “I will let Max know we are leaving.”
I nodded and he walked toward the back where Max kept disappearing. After about five minutes, he walked back out. He offered me his arm, and I took it. He led me to the car and held my door for me. I climbed in and he went to his side. He set off toward my apartment. The silence was a little too much for me to handle.
I cleared my throat trying to kill the silence. “I had fun.” I wasn’t mad. I was a little disappointed, but that didn’t change how I felt about him. 
He smiled, and the tension in the car immediately eased. “I did too.”
Within a few minutes, he was in front of my apartment. He climbed out and opened my door. I took his arm and he led me to my door. I turned and kissed him on the cheek like I usually did. I breathed in his sweet scent before pulling away. The smell of his cologne alone excited me. 
I smiled up at him. “Have a good night.”
He smiled back down at me as he gently tugged a strand of my hair. “You too.”
I walked into my apartment, closing the door behind me. He was difficult, and it was annoying me. I walked to my room deciding there was nothing more I could do to convince him. He didn’t like vanilla, and I was all vanilla. 

Chapter 3

I never did much on Sundays. Usually, I did homework and hung out with Lena. Unfortunately, Lena was M.I.A and school was out for the summer. I had very little to do; so I decided to go shopping for a few hours. 
I browsed the mall; trying to kill my boredom, but it was hard. My thoughts kept drifting back to Quinn. I knew better than to get too invested in him, but I did it anyway. I didn’t even know him for long, but there was something about him that drove me crazy.
It was close to dark by the time I made my way back to the apartment. I hadn’t heard from Lena. I was sure she was still with Patrick. It seemed like she was disappearing more and more lately. I was guessing their relationship was going well.
I walked to my apartment door and unlocked it. I entered and hesitated when I saw a large, yellow envelope on the floor. It looked like it had been slid under the door. I closed the door and picked it up. My name was scrawled on the front in black marker. 
I walked over to the couch and sat down. I was curious about the envelope. I wondered if it was from Quinn. I opened it and dumped the contents on the coffee table. The envelope was full of pictures. I hesitated when I first realized they were pictures of women bound and gagged. There were a variety of women, and I didn’t recognize any of them. Most of them were nude; some of them were partially nude. Some of them looked like they were bleeding from where they had been whipped or cut. There was a folded up piece of paper that read: ‘Ready to play, Amanda?’ The words gave me chills. I quickly put the photos back in the envelope. I didn’t understand who would send me photos like this. I didn’t want to believe Quinn would, but he was the only person that came to mind.
The door opened making me jump. Lena walked in and closed the door behind her. “Everything okay?” She watched me curiously as she walked further into the apartment. 
I nodded. I wasn’t sure if I should tell her about the pictures. I didn’t want her to run right to Patrick, and then Patrick would go to Quinn. I wasn’t even sure if Quinn sent them. I figured changing the subject would be the best course of action. “How was your day?”  
She set her purse on the counter as she continued to watch me. I knew she was suspicious. “Fine. What’s in the envelope?” 
I looked at the envelope, still appalled by the pictures inside. “I’m not really sure …” I was trying to hide my horror, but my hesitation made it even more evident. 
“Let me see.” Her tone was demanding as she walked over to me. She could sense something was wrong; she knew me too well. I didn’t stop her when she took the envelope from my hands. She opened it and pulled the pictures out. “What the hell are these?” Her brow furrowed in anger as she sorted through them. “Where were they?”
I shrugged. “On the floor. I guess someone slid them under the door.”
“It didn’t say who it was from?” she asked as she continued to go through them.
I shook my head. “I was just going to throw them out.”
“What? No. This is serious Mandy. I need to call Patrick. This is creepy.” She sounded disgusted and a little worried. She grabbed the piece of paper and unfolded it. Her expression darkened even more. “You can’t ignore this.” She retrieved her cell phone from her purse, determined to call Patrick.
I grabbed her arm, stopping her. “The only one I know that would send this is Quinn. I don’t think getting Patrick involved is a good idea.” 
Her eyes widened in surprise. “Quinn wouldn’t send you these. He isn’t a sadist. I will tell Patrick not to contact Quinn. Just let me call him. I don’t like this.” She sounded genuinely worried, and that made me a little more uneasy.
I sighed, relenting. “Fine, call him.”
She quickly dialed Patrick. He agreed to come right over. I wasn’t sure I was comfortable with it, but Lena knew more about these things than I did. 
Lena stood once she got off the phone. “I’m going to get us some wine.” She walked back to the kitchen. She retrieved a wine bottle from the fridge and two glasses. She carried them back over to me. She sat down and poured us each a glass. She was silent, and she looked upset.
I was upset too. I was creeped out, but it seemed like more of a joke than a serious threat. The knock on the door pulled me from my thoughts. Lena jumped up before I had a chance to think about moving. She hurried to the door. She looked through the peephole, and then unlocked it when she saw it was Patrick.
Patrick stepped inside and smiled down at her. “You wanted me.” His tone was playful. He obviously didn’t sense the urgency in her phone call.
“I always want you, but this is serious.” She was using her no nonsense tone; which meant she was serious. She snatched his hand and pulled him over to the couch where the pictures were spread out. “Someone left these for Mandy along with this note.” She handed him the note, and waited nervously for his response.
His brow furrowed as he looked over the note, then he shifted his gaze to the pictures. “There was nothing other than her name on the envelope?” he asked as he looked through the pictures.
Lena shook her head and handed him the envelope. “She said it was under the door.”
He shifted his blue eyes to me. “Did you call Quinn?” 
I shook my head. “I didn’t really think it was a big deal.”
He retrieved his phone. “I think it is. I am going to call him.”
Lena touched his hand before he could dial. She glanced at me, and then looked back at him. “Are you sure Quinn had nothing to do with this?”
She was asking the same question I was thinking. Patrick looked slightly offended. “Quinn would never send her something like this. I know that for sure.”
He sounded confident, and that made me feel a lot better. She nodded and let him make the call to Quinn. They had only a brief conversation, and then Patrick hung up the phone. 
He looked back at me. “There has been nothing else odd, right?”
I shook my head. “Nothing out of the ordinary.” I thought about the past few days. There was nothing I could think of that was odd. The only thing new in my life was Quinn, and that was bothering me. I didn’t want to believe Quinn had anything to do with this.
“I’m sure we will get to the bottom of this.” He sounded like he was trying to reassure both me and Lena. 
Lena glanced nervously at me, and then she looked back at Patrick. “Hopefully it is nothing. Maybe it is just a prank.” 
“Maybe.” He didn’t sound as confident as I would have liked.
I was a little uncomfortable. Everyone seemed to be nervous. Patrick and Lena were discussing the pictures. Lena was asking him questions like she was trying to determine how much he knew. 
I slowly got to my feet. “I think I am going to change.” I was getting antsy. I knew Quinn would be arriving any minute. 
Lena forced a smile as she looked up at me. “Okay.” She was worried and I could tell. 
I walked toward my bedroom. I was wearing a dress, but I wanted to change into jeans and a tee shirt. I hesitated at my bedroom door when I saw it was closed. I never closed my bedroom door when I left the house. I didn’t remember closing it this morning when I left. I hadn’t been in my bedroom since arriving home. I wasn’t sure if I was just really paranoid after receiving the pictures, or if I didn’t actually shut the door.
I took a breath gathering my courage. I didn’t know why I was so nervous. Lena’s reaction made me more nervous than anything. She thought it was necessary to call Patrick. I opened the door and froze. My stomach did a flip flop when I saw the scene in front of me. There was a woman bound and gagged lying on my bed. She was naked, and there was blood on her. I stifled a cry as I stepped back. She looked like she was dead. Her eyes were closed and she wasn’t moving. 
Lena hurried down the hall toward me. “Mandy, what’s wrong?” She looked in my room; then she grabbed my arm, pulling me back. “Patrick!” She shrieked so loud she startled me.
She startled Patrick too because he made it to us in record time. “What is it?” He looked in the room. “Fuck! It’s Rebecca. Call an ambulance.” He hurried over to the girl and checked her pulse.
Lena ran down the hall back to the living room where her phone was. I stood frozen, not sure what I should do. I didn’t even recognize her at first. Once Patrick said her name, I did. It was Quinn’s ex, Rebecca.
“Rebecca, Rebecca, wake up.” Patrick spoke firmly as he pulled the gag from her mouth and began to untie her. 
The fact that she was naked bothered me. I was sure there would be men swarming the apartment soon. If it was me in her position I would want someone to cover me. I moved into the room and retrieved my extra blanket from the shelf. 
I offered the blanket to Patrick. “Cover her up, please.” 
He took the blanket and did as I asked. “Amanda, Quinn had nothing to do with this; I promise.” His eyes locked with mine as he spoke.
I wasn’t sure what to think anymore. I just nodded as I wrapped my arms around myself. “Is she going to be okay?” I was more worried about her than me at the moment.
He nodded. “Her wounds are superficial, and she has been drugged, but I think she will be okay.” He checked her pulse again. He acted like he knew what he was doing.
I realized I didn’t know much about Patrick. Lena never mentioned what he did professionally. “Are you a doctor?” 
He nodded. “I’m a surgeon.” He was still focused on Rebecca, checking various things.
I heard footsteps hurrying down the hall. I thought it would be Lena, but Quinn walked in the room. He glanced at me briefly then turned his attention to Rebecca and Patrick. “Is she okay?” He hurried over to the bed where Patrick was still monitoring Rebecca.
“I think so. She was drugged and beaten, but she is breathing.” Patrick sounded slightly disgusted as he glanced at Quinn. 
Before anything else could be said the sound of more people coming down the hall filled the room. The paramedics walked in the room and swarmed her. They both recognized Patrick. He gave them orders for treatment and helped them load her on the stretcher. 
Lena hurried over to me and put her arm around me like she was trying to comfort me. A couple cops and a detective walked in the room as they were preparing to take Rebecca out. 
Patrick left with Rebecca and the paramedics. Quinn was being questioned by the detective. I wasn’t sure what we were supposed to do. I didn’t really want to be in my room anymore. I wasn’t sure I would be able to stay in the room ever again. I was seriously creeped out. 
Quinn walked over to me and Lena. “Can you answer questions right now?” His expression was gentle as he watched me. I could tell he was worried about me.
“I don’t know anything. I walked in to change and there she was. I have been gone all day. I got home a few minutes before Lena.” I was trying to think of anything unusual, or different that happened, but there wasn’t anything.
“Just tell them what you know.” He waved the detective over. 
The detective introduced himself as Detective Williams. He seemed like a nice man. He asked for a detailed report of my day. I included finding the pictures. Once I was done talking to him, Quinn and Detective Williams walked out to the living room to look at the pictures. Lena and I followed behind them. I was just glad to be out of the bedroom. 
Detective Williams gathered the pictures, and then looked at Lena and me. “Do you two ladies have somewhere else to stay for the evening?” 
“They can stay with me.” Quinn offered before Lena or I could answer. 
Detective Williams looked around the apartment. “Good, crime scene is in route, and this guy doesn’t seem right in the head. He obviously knows the layout of the apartment, and its possible one of you is the target.” 
I knew he meant I was the target. It was obvious. The pictures were addressed to me, and Rebecca was in my bed. It didn’t take an intelligent person to figure that out. Lena grabbed my hand like she was thinking the same thing I was. 
Quinn cleared his throat breaking the silence. “We are going to leave now. I would like to get them settled in. Here is my card.” He offered Detective Williams his card.
Detective Williams took the card, and looked it over before putting it in his pocket. “I will be in touch.” He turned and walked back toward the bedroom. 
Quinn ushered us both toward the door. “Jack is waiting outside. I am going to have him take you to my place. I am going to head to the hospital.”
 I didn’t like leaving all my things behind, but the apartment was technically a crime scene. We walked outside where Jack was waiting.
Jack held the back door of a black SUV open for us. Lena climbed in, and then I climbed in after her. I looked at Quinn.
He brushed a strand of hair behind my ear. “I will check on you later. Jack will keep you safe.”
I nodded. “Let me know if she is okay.” I felt bad for her, especially if someone hurt her because of me. 
“I will.” He shut the door, and walked to his own car. 
We set off immediately. Lena was still holding my hand, and I was beginning to think it was more for her comfort than mine.
“This is so messed up.” Her voice was a low whisper like she was upset.
“I know. I am sure they will figure out who it was.” I was trying to sound optimistic, but I didn’t feel as upbeat as I sounded.
She didn’t say anything else. We both remained silent the rest of the ride.
Jack pulled into the parking garage of a high rise downtown. He parked in a designated spot, and then climbed out. He opened our door and I got out and Lena followed.
We followed him to an elevator; where he typed in a code for the penthouse. The elevator opened and we all stepped into a small foyer. He typed in another code and opened the door. Lena and I followed him into a very nice penthouse apartment. The place was decorated with modern furniture and paintings. It was the kind of place I could see Quinn living in. 
An older woman greeted us. She looked like she was in her fifties. “I heard about Ms. Rebecca; is there any news?”
Jack shook his head. “Not yet. This is Lena and Amanda. They will be staying for a while.”
She smiled. “Of course. Mr. Quinn called me. I am Marie, Mr. Quinn’s housekeeper.” She ushered us toward the couch.
“Take care of them. I will be in my office.” Jack walked quickly toward the back of the apartment.
Marie looked at us. “Can I get you ladies something to drink?” 
“Coffee, please,” Lena said as she glanced at me.
“Coffee sounds nice,” I said for lack of something better to say. 
“Coming right up.” Marie hurried toward the kitchen, on a mission to make us coffee.
We both sat down on the couch. I wasn’t really sure what to say; so I remained quiet. Lena was just as quiet. I looked around the room wondering if I could learn anything about Quinn. The place was kind of cold. There were no pictures, nothing to indicate who even lived here. It didn’t seem like a home. It was more like a hotel room. 
Lena sighed impatiently. “Hopefully they will be back soon.” She was texting on her phone. I knew she was probably talking to Patrick. 
Marie came out after a few minutes. She was carrying a tray with two cups of coffee, sugar, and cream. She set it down on the table in front of us. “If you need anything else call for me. I will be in the kitchen.”
I smiled. “Thank you.” 
She smiled and hurried back to the kitchen. I went to work making my coffee. 
Lena followed suit and began making hers. Her brow was furrowed like she was deep in thought. “This has been one fucked up night.”
I laughed. “I agree. I don’t know how I am going to go back to my room.”
“We will move if you want.” She looked like the thought of going back to the apartment made her uneasy as well. 
She always had a solution for everything. We had been together through a lot more than most friends. She was more my sister, than my friend. 
I sighed as I leaned back against the cushions. “This is just crazy.”
“I agree.” She took a sip of her coffee as she thought about it.


Chapter 4

We were both silent as we drank our coffee. Lena was constantly checking her phone. Marie brought out cookies to snack on. I was starting to get antsy. I wanted to know what was going on. I glanced at the clock. We had been at the apartment for over an hour. 
The door finally opened and Lena jumped up. Quinn walked in followed by Patrick. 
Lena hurried over to Patrick. “Is everything okay?” 
He nodded. “She is going to be fine. She doesn’t remember anything.”
Quinn scowled. “We will get to the bottom of this whether she remembers or not.” 
I could tell Quinn was annoyed when he spoke. His tone was clipped like he wasn’t finding out what he wanted to know fast enough. He stood at the bar making Patrick and himself a drink. He hadn’t looked at me yet. I wasn’t sure if he was annoyed with me, or just annoyed by the whole situation. 
Lena watched Quinn for a minute, and then she turned her attention back to Patrick. “Do you know why she was in our apartment?” Lena wasn’t the type that was okay with waiting. She wanted answers immediately. I did too, but I knew it probably wasn’t going to be possible to get answers so soon. 
Patrick shook his head. “No, we haven’t learned much of anything.” Quinn offered him a drink, and he accepted.
Lena glanced at me, and then looked back at them. “Mandy and I are going to move. It is just way too creepy. We will have to start looking tomorrow.”
Patrick didn’t look like he approved of the idea. “If this person is after one of you, moving won’t stop them. I suggest you give it a few days before you make any major decisions.” 
Lena’s expression immediately darkened. “It’s obvious Mandy is the target. I mean she got the note and the pictures, and Rebecca was in her room. She didn’t have a problem until she started hanging around him.”
Patrick looked genuinely surprised by her outburst. “Lena, that isn’t fair.” His firm tone voiced his disapproval.
Quinn didn’t say anything. His expression was as unreadable as always. He was watching me, but I was trying to keep my attention on Lena. I couldn’t meet his eyes at this point. I was confused and tired. I didn’t know what to think.
Lena suddenly turned her anger on Patrick. “What? It’s true. Do you really think it is a coincidence Rebecca is his ex-sub?” 
Patrick looked like he wanted to roll his eyes. “I am sure it isn’t a coincidence, but we don’t know that much yet.”
“Whatever,” she muttered as she crossed her arms.
Patrick looked at me when Lena refused to look at him any longer. “Mandy, do you know anyone that would want to hurt you or scare you?” 
“Don’t blame her. She doesn’t mess with men, and now I understand why,” Lena cut in. 
Patrick scowled as he looked at Lena. I could tell she was getting on his nerves. 
I looked at Lena. “Fighting isn’t going to help anything.” I tried to keep my tone as gentle as possible. It was obvious she was upset. I turned my attention to Patrick and answered his question. “I don’t know of anyone who would do this.” 
Quinn moved catching everyone’s attention. “It is getting late. I will have Marie make up the extra room for Amanda. Patrick, I am sure Lena wants to stay with you.” Quinn made it a point to look directly at Lena when he spoke. Quinn and Lena seemed like they were currently battling one another. I wasn’t really sure why. It wasn’t too long ago Lena was pushing me at Quinn.
Lena pursed her lips and put her hands on her hips. “I don’t think Mandy should stay with you.”
I rolled my eyes. It was a little late for her to be overprotective. “Lena, I will be fine.”
“You sure?” Lena actually looked a little worried as she watched me.
I nodded. “I am sure.”
She hurried over to me and pulled me into an embrace. “Call me if you change your mind.”
I bit my lip trying to keep from smiling. “I will.” I was hoping she wouldn’t fan the fire anymore. Quinn looked like he was ready to smack her and Patrick wasn’t far behind. She was getting on both of their bad sides. I knew she was upset and worried and she tended to get a little cranky when that happened. 
Patrick snatched her hand. “Let’s go.”
He pulled her toward the door. She managed to shoot Quinn one last dirty look. 
Quinn raised his eyebrows in amusement and annoyance as he watched them leave. Once they were gone he turned his attention back to me. “If you are uncomfortable with me, I can get you a hotel room.”
I smiled slightly as I focused on smoothing my dress. “I’m not uncomfortable with you. I was just caught off guard by everything that has happened.”
Marie came down the stairs distracting us both. “Mr. Quinn, I made the extra room for Ms. Mandy,” 
“Thank you, Marie. That is all we will need for the night.” He walked over to the couch where I was seated, and sat down on the opposite end.
She hurried off in the same direction as Jack’s office. 
“Do Marie and Jack live here?” I only asked because it seemed a little late for Marie to be on duty.
He nodded. “It makes it easier. Lena seems to hate me all the sudden. Did I do something wrong?” He was watching me with his gorgeous brown eyes as he spoke. Sometimes it was hard for me to think straight when I looked at him. 
I shook my head. “She is just protective of me.” I unpinned my hair. I didn’t usually wear it up for so long and it was starting to make my head ache. “Do you think I am in danger?” The thought just occurred to me. Everything that happened creeped me out, but nothing was actually done directly to harm me.
He was sprawled out on his side of the couch. He had his drink in one hand, and his other arm was lying across the back of the couch. He looked incredibly gorgeous like always. “I don’t know. I do know I won’t let anything happen to you.” His brown eyes were so serious, it made them seem darker. 
I felt my cheeks redden under his gaze. I looked at my hands nervously. “I really appreciate you letting me stay. You didn’t have to.” I looked back at him, and he was still watching me intently.
He straightened and set his drink on the table in front of him. “I don’t do things because I have to. If I am doing something it is because I want to.”
I reached out and touched his hand. I wasn’t sure what made me do it; I was just compelled to touch him. His eyes went to my hand on his. He lifted his hand so I could lace my fingers through his. I slid closer to him; so my body was leaning against his.
Neither of us spoke. The silence wasn’t awkward. I enjoyed just being close to him. The light scent of his cologne was comforting. I hated to admit it, but I was scared. He made me feel safe. I didn’t believe he had anything to do with what happened. The thought crossed my mind at first, but it didn’t stay for long. 
 “It’s getting late.” His gentle tone made my skin tingle. 
I tried not to think about it too much. The way his voice affected me was unnerving. “I know. I have to go to work tomorrow,” I said thoughtfully. I had to be in at ten. It was going to be a pain because I didn’t have any of my clothes or makeup. “Do you think I will be able to get some clothes from my apartment in the morning?”
He squeezed my hand gently. “I will make sure you have something to wear.”
I smiled. “You know, you are a lot sweeter than you look.” 
He laughed and his eyes glittered with amusement. “No one would agree with you.”
“They would if they got to know you.” I was confident they would think he was sweet. He was just reserved until he warmed up. 
“I doubt it. Let’s just say you get special treatment.” He nudged me gently as he spoke.
I felt my cheeks redden at his teasing tone. “Why do I get special treatment?” 
He thought about it for a minute, and then he looked at me. “I honestly couldn’t tell you.”
I leaned into him and nuzzled his neck. “I am just so irresistible right?” I covered his earlobe with my lips and sucked gently. I loved teasing him.
He growled low in his throat. He shifted quickly, startling me. He pinned me to the couch, leaving me breathless. One of his hands pinned my wrists above my head. He ran his other hand along my bare thigh. My dress rode up, exposing my panties. He planted his hips firmly between my thighs. His erection strained against his pants, pressing into the soft folds of my pussy. My thin lace panties weren’t doing much to keep him at bay. He rocked forward pressing his hard cock against my swollen clit. A muffled moan escaped my lips as pleasure rocked me. He knew the slightest move of his hips would drive me wild. 
“The only reason my cock isn’t already buried inside you is because of your inexperience.” His voice was laced with excitement. His lips brushed mine, making me gasp.
I watched him wide-eyed. “I want you.” My voice was a ragged whisper. I didn’t intend to sound so desperate. He was making me this way. 
  He slowly looked me over. His eyes roving my body made my heart race. My body immediately responded to him. My pussy dampened more, as the excitement from his touch coursed through me.
His dark eyes met mine and he rocked forward again, drawing a cry of pleasure from my lips. Pleasure radiated from my swollen clit, making my nipples tighten. My cheeks flushed from excitement and embarrassment. I couldn’t believe he could so easily push my buttons.
“You aren’t ready for what I want to do to you.” His seductive whisper made me flush. His lips brushed my jaw, making me fight the urge to squirm.
I could smell his cologne; everything about him was driving me wild. “Please, Quinn.” I was resorting to begging because I wanted him so bad. 
He laughed softly as his lips brushed my neck. “I am more demanding than you can ever imagine. You don’t want to go down this road, Amanda. Tell me no.” He sounded like he was giving me an order. He rocked forward again; when I didn’t immediately comply. 
I groaned, pressing my hips into him. His lips found mine and he kissed me. His tongue tangled with mine, demanding control of the kiss. He was demanding I tell him no in one breath, but he was still touching me; convincing me to beg him for more. He broke the kiss leaving me breathless.
I was panting as my eyes locked with his. “I don’t want to tell you no.”
He still had me pinned, and the way he was holding me excited me more. He was bigger than me, and he was proving how easily he could control me. His expression darkened. He looked like he was caught in a tough spot. He wanted me, but for some reason he was trying to deter me. He wasn’t going to deter me, and he was figuring that out slowly. 
He stood, disappointing me a little. I feared he might stop like he had before. Suddenly, he leaned over and scooped me off the couch. He carried me up the stairs and down a hall. He bypassed the first bedroom, and continued on to the door at the end of the hall. He opened the door and carried me inside. 
I was half expecting the bedroom to be similar to the ones at the club, but it wasn’t. It was a normal bedroom. In fact, it looked like it might be his bedroom. The furniture was all modern dark brown wood. I yelped in surprise when he shifted me, tossing me over his shoulder for a moment; so he could pull the comforter and the flat sheet off the bed. He pulled my high heels off, and tossed them on the floor before tossing me on the bed. The silk fitted sheet was a beautiful cream color. It was gorgeous with his copper comforter. I had never been on silk sheets before. Lena and I always admired them but we could never justify spending so much money on bed sheets. 
He kicked his shoes off and climbed toward me. My breath caught in my throat. The look in his eyes was of shear lust. He wasn’t going to stop this time, and I knew it was too late for me to back out. I didn’t want to back out. I wanted him so bad my body ached for him. He slowly moved over me, pressing me down on the bed. My heart was pounding in my chest. The pressure of his body on mine was almost more than I could handle.
His lips brushed mine. “Last chance, babydoll. Tell me no now, or you won’t be walking out of this room a virgin.” The tone of his voice alone was enough to drive me crazy.
I was breathless under his dark gaze. “I want this.”
He didn’t speak; he pressed his lips to mine. His kiss consumed me. Pleasure rushed through me as he ran his hands up my thighs. My nipples tightened, and my eyes fluttered shut. He pressed his hips into me. I could feel his cock, hard and ready to take me. 
He shifted so he was sitting on his knees in front of me. His eyes roved my body as he ran his hand up my belly and over my breasts. He grasped the front of my dress and tore it apart like it was made of paper. I gasped at his sudden show of aggression.
He ran his hands over my bra. I closed my eyes arching my back, pressing my breasts into his hands. He ran his thumb over the spot where my skin and bra met. He grasped my arm and pulled me to a sitting position. He peeled the torn dress from me and tossed it aside. He unclasped my bra and tossed it on the floor with the dress. He pushed me back down on the bed. He looked me over again, as he ran his hands over my breasts. He gently tugged on my nipples. I moaned as pleasure rolled over me. 
His fingers hooked my panties. He slowly slid them down. He was careful not to tear them like he had the dress. He tossed them aside, and then his eyes met mine again. I was lying in front of him completely naked. I thought I would feel more self-conscious, but I didn’t. I wanted him to look at me. I wanted him to touch me in places I never let a man touch before. 
He cupped my pussy, keeping his eyes locked with mine. He used his thumb to stimulate my clit. A strangled cry of excitement escaped my lips as I fought the urge to squirm. I gripped handfuls of the bedsheets trying to relax. His fingers were rough, but I liked the feeling. My nipples tightened to the point of aching. He massaged me until I was slick with excitement. 
My eyes widened in surprise when he slowly began to slide his finger inside me. His breathing increased as he watched his hand touch me. “Fuck.” His voice was ragged, as if he was barely in control. He used his free hand to unbutton his pants. He freed his erection and ran his hand along his hard length. 
He was bigger than I anticipated. Seeing him bare in front of me made my belly clench in excitement. His eyes shifted to mine when he felt my pussy respond at the sight of him. 
A small smile played at his lips. “Like what you see?” 
My eyes drifted to his. “Is this going to hurt?” I was worried, but the thought of being with him was overriding the fear.
His eyes glittered with amusement. “When I am done, you can tell me if it hurt. You will be my first virgin.” 
Before I could say anything, he leaned forward, moving his hand from my pussy. His lips covered my nipple. He suckled gently making me moan. I stiffened when he positioned himself so his throbbing cock was pressed against my pussy. He rubbed against me, covering himself in my arousal. 
He groaned as he gently pressed the tip of his cock against my wet opening. He wasn’t putting any pressure on me, he was just playing. “I am going to come before I get inside you if I’m not careful.” 
“Is that a bad thing?” I was trying to focus. Feeling him against me made me a little hazy. 
He smiled. “Not for me.” He climbed off the bed. “Perhaps more playing before the actual act will help.” He watched me as he slipped his shirt off. He let his pants drop, then he stepped out of them, kicking them aside. “Do you have anything against sucking my cock?” 
His question shocked me a little. He was so blunt. I blushed as I shook my head. “I have never … I mean you will have to tell me how.” I was trying to hide my nervousness, but I knew I was failing.
He raised his eyebrows in surprise. “What have you done with a man?”
I sat up slowly as I thought about it. “Nothing, other than a kiss.”
He climbed on the bed next to me. He moved up past me, and laid back against the pillows. “I will guide you. I am sure you know the general idea.”
His teasing tone made me blush even more. I moved up next to him. “I do.” I settled on my knees next to him, touching him tentatively. 
He reached out and cupped my cheek. He ran his thumb over my lips. His eyes were dark with excitement. “I will tell you when I am going to come; so it doesn’t surprise you.” 
I nodded as I shifted nervously. He took my hand and placed it on his hard cock. My breathing picked up as he placed his hand over mine. He began to guide my hand over length of his shaft. He did this a couple times before letting me do it on my own. 
“Use a firm grip.” His tone suggested he was giving me a firm order. 
I tightened my grip slightly as I continued to massage his throbbing cock. His skin was hot to the touch, but it was so smooth my hand easily glided over him. 
He watched me as I continued to touch him. “When you are ready, grasp the base of my cock. Use your mouth and tongue. Go slow so you don’t catch me with your teeth.”
I looked at him nervously, and then I slowly leaned over him. I grasped the base of his cock firmly. His breath caught in his throat as my lips covered him. I moved slowly, gently sucking and running my tongue along his impressive length. His fingers tangled in my hair; encouraging me to move quicker. He pushed himself so far in my throat I thought I gag, but he pulled back just before I did. I didn’t realize how arousing the act could be. I was invested in my task. I wanted to make him feel good. I wanted to know what he tasted like. I was terrified and excited. I didn’t want to make a mistake, but it felt so good. 
My body was humming with excitement. My pussy ached wanting to be touched. His cock was firm in my mouth. I ran my lips and tongue up and down the length of him, teasing him as much as I could. He was a well-endowed man, and it was awkward at first, but once I got into a rhythm it became much easier. I tasted the sweet saltiness as he began to lose a small amount of control. I knew he would be completely losing it soon. I was just getting a small taste of him and I wanted more. I loved how he was making me feel. His hands touched me, encouraging me. 
“I’m close.” His voice and breathing was ragged. He was excited. I knew he was thoroughly enjoying everything I was doing. His excitement was exciting me. I wanted to feel his cock inside me. I was looking forward to the moment he penetrated me. The thought made me flush. I never thought such dirty thoughts about a man. I was never this intimate with one either. My thighs were damp; I didn’t want to wait any longer. 
His groans signaled his impending release. His grip tightened on my hair as his muscles tightened. He was fighting for control, but he was losing. His cock hardened more as I continued to tease him. I wasn’t stopping until he stopped me. He cried out. His warm, salty release was startling even though I was waiting for it. I moaned as I tasted him. My body seemed to relax as he let go. We were both waiting for his release, and when it came it relived both of us. His cock softened, as I slowed my movements. 
He still had a firm grip on my hair. He pulled me off him. My eyes locked with his as he held me firmly by my hair. His dark eyes were glowing with excitement. He suddenly pulled me to him. His mouth covered mine in an aggressive kiss. His tongue invaded my mouth, taking my breath away. I straddled his hips as I wrapped my arms around his neck. He released my hair and wrapped his arms around me in a tight embrace. The feel of his bare skin against mine excited me more. His erection was quickly reforming, and I was anticipating what was coming next. 
He broke the kiss. “This is insane.” His voice was low and deep. His hands roamed my body, torturing me.
I closed my eyes as his lips trailed over my neck and chest. I wrapped my arms around his head as his mouth covered my breast. I tried to shift so his cock would penetrate me. I didn’t want to wait anymore; this was torture. His lips teasing my nipples was enough to make me scream in frustration. He was winding my body so tight. I never experienced release, but I knew there was something pleasurable at the end of this torture. 
“No,” he growled as he grasped my hips, pulling me tighter against him. “I will fuck you when I’m ready.”
I moaned in annoyance. “Please.” I was back to begging. My lips found his again. “I want you so bad.” I wasn’t worried about the pain of his cock penetrating me. I didn’t believe it was going to hurt. All I could imagine was feeling pleasure. 
“Oh, I know.” The excitement in his voice was evident. He ran his fingers over my pussy, covering his fingers in my arousal. He groaned. “You are so wet for me, babydoll.”
“I want you inside me.” Since pleading wasn’t working, I decided to try pouting. I kissed his lips as I ran my fingers through his hair. He was enjoying torturing me. It didn’t make sense because he was torturing himself too. 
He suddenly shifted forward; lying me on my back. He looked down at me. His lips met mine. I relaxed my legs as he settled over me. I was ready for him. He suddenly began moving lower trailing kisses over my body as he went. 
I moaned in annoyance as my fingers tangled in his hair. His lips brushed my belly, and then he settled lower. He draped my legs over his broad shoulders. His lips brushed my pussy, earning him a strangled cry of horror and excitement from me. His lips covered my pussy and my cheeks flushed as my breathing increased. I was mortified and excited all at the same time. His lips and tongue explored my heated depths driving me wild. My fingers dug into the bedsheets as I tried to relax and let him pleasure me. I was caught somewhere between being self-conscious and wanting the pleasure his mouth was giving me. My eyes flew open in surprise as pleasure began to unfurl inside me. It started low where his lips were touching me, and slowly flowed higher tightening my nipples, and making my cheeks burn. 
I cried out. “Quinn!” He disregarded my cries and continued to encourage the pleasure. It was building and building. I knew it would peak soon. I was anticipating it, and trying not to fight it at the same time. He continued to tease me until the pleasure was crashing over me. I cried out lifting my hips, encouraging him. The pleasure was so intense, it was almost dizzying. My release was relieving, but I wanted more. I wanted his cock buried inside me. “Quinn, please fuck me!” I pulled on his arm trying to get him to do what I wanted, as I pleaded with him.
He smiled deviously as he moved over me. “Such dirty requests shouldn’t come from such pretty lips.” 
“Quinn,” I moaned as he pinned my wrists to the bed just above my head. He was going to torture me more. 
“Nicholas,” he said softly as his lips covered my nipple.
I heard him, but I wasn’t quite sure what he said. “What?” 
His eyes met mine. “Call me, Nicholas.” His lips brushed mine playfully.
My eyes widened in surprise when I felt his cock rub against my pussy. He slowly moved his hips covering himself in my arousal. His eyes locked with mine as he shifted slightly so the tip of his cock pressed against my small, wet opening. 
This was it. My heart was pounding in my chest. His expression darkened as his breathing increased. He was anticipating this moment as much as I was. He leaned forward and brushed my ear with his lips. “Relax as much as you can.”
I closed my eyes and attempted to relax. As soon as he felt my body relax, he pushed his hips forward. His cock slowly began to fill me, making me gasp in surprise. The intense pressure wasn’t something I was anticipating. 
I cried out for him. “Nicholas!” I was caught somewhere between excitement and discomfort. 
He released my wrists, as he shifted so he could settle his weight on me. He held his position, waiting for me to relax again. My arms wrapped around him. Holding on to him seemed to ease some of my hesitation. I relaxed wanting him to continue. He pushed forward again, fighting to get inside me. 
His breathing was ragged as he buried his face in my hair. He ran his hands over my thighs as he pushed forward again. 
I cried out and my body suddenly gave, allowing him to push further inside me. 
He groaned. “Yes.” His voice sent shivers through me. He pulled back, then slowly pushed forward, burying himself deeper inside me. 
I fought the urge to pull away from him. I was so close to being full of him. The pressure and slight pain was quickly disappearing as he moved. The awkward feeling of being full of him was rapidly turning to the aching pleasure I was anticipating. He held my thighs firmly as his thrusts became more fluid and aggressive. He was a tight fit, but I was so aroused it allowed him to move smoothly. 
His lips found mine, as his arms wrapped around me. My body melded to his, as I let his kiss consume me. He moved against me, slowly drawing the pleasure from my body. I felt the sensations slowly start to build every time he buried himself inside me. The constant thrusts made me ache with anticipation. 
“Nicholas,” I murmured breathlessly against his lips.
“Yes,” he whispered. He approved how my body was responding to him. 
I felt my pussy tighten, and then a wave of intense pleasure rolled over me. Strangled cries escaped my lips. He quickly stifled my cries with his lips. “Hush,” he ordered firmly. He cussed as he tried to remain in control. “Damn.” His defeated groan filled my ears. I felt a rush of warmth fill me. His cock immediately softened as soon as he released. His eyes were hazy with pleasure. 
I was moaning trying to slow my breathing. My body was humming as the remnants of my orgasm rolled over me. My body was flushed from pleasure. I pressed my lips to his. He kissed me pressing his hips into me. He was semi-hard, but he still felt good inside me. 
We lay there for a moment, kissing and touching one another. He nuzzled my neck playfully. “We should clean up.” He shifted to his knees, pulling himself free of my body. 
 I didn’t like the empty feeling I suddenly felt. It made me ache for him. I felt my cheeks redden when I saw the blood covering his cock and thighs. “Oh no, I ruined your sheets.” My thighs and the sheets under me were covered in blood. I knew the blood would never come out of the pretty cream silk sheets, and there was a lot more blood than I anticipated. 
He laughed. “We did ruin my sheets, and I would ruin them over and over again to have sex with you.”
He climbed off the bed and walked toward the bathroom. I heard the shower start; so I sat up. I was still numb with pleasure. I caught my reflection in the mirror. My hair was a mess, and I was flushed. 
He walked out of the bathroom and offered me his hand. I took his hand and slid off the bed. He led me into the bathroom. I stepped into the shower and he followed me in. He began to wet my hair, running his fingers through it as he did. I closed my eyes while he washed my hair. I was enjoying the attention he was lavishing on me. When he was done with my hair, he moved on to my body. He put body wash on a wash cloth and ran it over my skin. Everywhere he touched me my skin tingled. Once he was done with my backside, he turned me around.
I watched him as he ran the cloth over my breasts, my belly, then between my thighs. My breath caught in my throat when the cloth brushed my clit. 
He hesitated and his eyes met mine. He laid the cloth aside, and then ran his fingers over my clit. He pressed me to the wall as he began to tease me. “Are you sore?” 
“A little.” My soreness was quickly being forgotten as his fingers stimulated me. I stepped forward. “Isn’t it my turn to wash you?” I took the washcloth from him. I made him change positions with me; so he was standing in the water.  
I poured the soap on the cloth and started at his chest. I slowly moved over his perfect muscles. I loved the feel of his muscles under my hand. I ran the cloth over his cock and thighs, cleaning him. His cock was hardening as he watched me touch him. 
I looked up at him playfully. I set the cloth aside, and then I reached out and grasped his cock. I ran my hand over him, enjoying how his smooth skin felt in my hand. He was still covered in soap; so my hand easily slid over him. I rinsed the soap from him. I peeked up at him and he smiled. 
His eyes darkened with excitement. “We should get out.” He didn’t wait for me to reply. He opened the shower door. I stepped out past him. He wrapped a towel around me, and then he got a towel of his own and wrapped it around his waist. 
He walked out to the bedroom. I followed at a slower pace. He was changing the sheets when I walked into the bedroom. Once he was done, he walked over to me. He pulled my towel off and dried my hair. He tossed the towel aside and led me over to the mirror. He had me stand in front of the mirror. I waited nervously as he walked to the dresser and retrieved a brush. He removed his towel, and then moved up behind me. He began to brush my hair; taking his time to comb each strand. 
I kind of liked how attentive he was to me. I felt a little bit like a doll. He obviously liked caring for me. My thoughts drifted back to moments spent in his bed. He told me to call him Nicholas. I thought Quinn was his first name, but I was obviously wrong. 
He pressed his erection into me, momentarily distracting me. I looked at him through the mirror and he smiled slightly as he was finishing up the last strand of my hair. He set the brush aside and pulled me back against him. His lips brushed my ear. “I intend to fuck you until my cock can no longer get hard.”
I felt my cheeks redden at the way he spoke. “I plan to let you.” I met his dark gaze through the mirror.
He smiled. “Good.” He reached down and started to massage my clit. I was already wet from thoughts of our previous excursion. He tsked. “Someone likes being fucked.” 
“Only if you’re the one fucking me.” His eyes locked with mine again as soon as I spoke. I couldn’t imagine letting another man touch me like I let him touch me. I knew it sounded crazy, but it was true. 
His expression excited me. He walked over to a chair and pulled it over to where we were standing. He set it off to my left. I thought he might sit in it, but he didn’t. He moved back to his position behind me. He lifted my left leg, setting my foot on the edge of the chair. 
He reached around me and began to massage my clit again. The way I was standing with one leg up exposed my pussy. I could see everything, and I was pretty sure he intended for it to be that way. I watched through the mirror as he played with my pussy. His eyes met mine. He slowly pushed one of his fingers inside me. 
I gasped in surprise. My cheeks flushed from the pleasure of his touch. 
I felt his cock hard and ready, as he pressed it into my back. His eyes remained locked with mine as he pushed a second finger inside me.
“Nicholas,” I moaned as my hand grasped his wrist. 
“Relax.” His voice was calm but firm.
I closed my eyes and relaxed. Two of his fingers were a tight fit. He continued to stimulate me until I was wet and needy. He suddenly withdrew his fingers. My eyes flew open in surprise at the sudden emptiness. 
He shifted his hips, pushing his cock between my thighs. He was still standing behind me. He rubbed his hard shaft against my pussy, covering himself in my arousal. He looped one arm around my waist, supporting me. He grasped his cock with his free hand. He guided his cock, pushing inside me. My eyes were locked on the mirror. The way he had me positioned allowed me to see every detail of what he was doing. I watched his cock penetrate my body at an achingly slow pace. The feeling was intensified by the sight of what he was doing. His warm breath on my ear sent a rush of pleasure through me. I closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling.
He stopped thrusting. “Watch me fuck you.” He was giving me a firm order.
I opened my eyes, and our eyes met in the mirror. His expression was serious, yet I could see how much he was enjoying what he was doing. I shifted my gaze to his cock. He was about halfway inside me. As soon as I returned my attention to what he was doing, he slowly began to push inside me again. He would push until he met resistance, then he would pull back giving me relief. Seeing his cock filling me was an exhilarating feeling. Watching the act made it seem so much dirtier, than when I wasn’t watching him actually penetrate me. 
“Touch yourself.” He was panting as he continued to move inside me. He was all the way inside me, at least as far as the position would allow him to go. My eyes met his again. I was nervous about doing what he asked. I was almost seeking his approval every time he ordered me to do something. Whatever I saw in his eyes gave me the approval I was looking for.
I reached down and touched my pussy. I started massaging my clit. Pleasure coursed through me as my pussy clamped down around him. He started to thrust as I continued to massage myself. My breathing increased as I watched him move in and out of me. Seeing and feeling it happen at the same time was overwhelming. The pleasure built and built. I suddenly pulled my hand away from my clit. His thrusts and my own stimulation were too much for me.
His free hand quickly took the place of mine. He started massaging my clit aggressively as he thrust. His grunts of excitement filled my ear. I fought the urge to take my leg off the chair. I knew if I did it would stop everything. I was so wet, the sound of his thrusts echoed through the room. My body flushed, and his eyes lit up when he saw my response to him. He knew I was close to release. Pleasure rolled over me, and I cried out fighting the urge to pull away. My leg dropped off the chair, but he was able to keep himself buried inside me.
He wrapped both his arms around me tightly. He held me in place as he continued to thrust. I was so small compared to him; he easily kept control of my body. He stumbled a few feet to the bed, and pushed me over the side of it. His thrusts became more aggressive, drawing my orgasm out. My orgasm ebbed as his hot release flooded me. He continued to thrust, until he was soft inside me. He acted like he didn’t want to stop, but his body was forcing him to. 
He collapsed over me panting. After a minute, he moved up on the bed and pulled me up with him. He lay behind me with his arm over me possessively. His body was pressed to mine. He covered us with the comforter. I slowed my breathing, relaxing in his arms. I suddenly realized how exhausted I was, but I was satisfied. I felt incredible.

Chapter 5

I wasn’t use to sleeping next to anyone. I actually enjoyed the feeling of having someone there next to me. I woke up with my face buried in his chest. He had his arms around me possessively. It seemed like every time I moved out of his grasp, he would find me and put his arm around me again. It was light out, but it was dim. It was either early morning, or it was overcast. 
The light knock on his door made him stir. “What is it?” He sounded slightly annoyed that he was being woken up in the first place. 
“There is a phone call for you.” Jack sounded hesitant as he spoke. I wasn’t sure if he sensed Nicholas’s tone, or if it was odd for him to have to get Nicholas out of bed. 
Nicholas shifted and looked behind him at the clock. He cussed in annoyance as he sat up. “I will be out in a minute.” He climbed out of the bed, and started searching for his clothes.
I looked at the clock too. It was a little after eight, but he acted like it was much later. “Is this late for you?”
He looked at me as if he just realized I was in his bed. He turned his attention to pulling his pants on. “Yes, very. I am normally up at five.” 
The thought of getting up at five every morning wasn’t a pleasant one. “That’s terrible.” I sat up and watched him dress. “I have to be to work at ten. Is there any chance I will be getting those clothes you promised?”
He smiled for the first time. “I prefer you naked, but since you have to leave the house, I will see what I can do. Why don’t you shower, and you can wear my robe until I get you something.”
I smiled as I climbed out of bed. “That will work.” 
He looked me over. He actually looked like he was reconsidering getting his phone call. He shook his head. “I have to go.” He hurried out of the room before I had a chance to change his mind. 
I walked to the bathroom and started the shower. I was slightly sore, but nothing like I thought I would be. I took my time showering, since I had time to kill. Once I was done, I climbed out and dried off. I found his black silk robe, and I slipped it on. 
Once I was decent, I made my way out of his room. I could smell coffee; so I walked toward the main room. Nicholas and Jack were nowhere to be found. I walked into the kitchen and Maria smiled at me.
“Would you like some coffee?” She rushed to start making me a cup before I could even reply. 
I sat down on a barstool at the counter. “I would love some.”
She was also making a cup of tea. “What kind of tea are you making?” I wasn’t much for tea, but I liked it every now and then.
She set a cup of coffee in front of me. “That is Mr. Quinn’s Earl Gray tea. He doesn’t drink coffee.”
“Oh,” I said quietly. I realized I didn’t know much about Nicholas at all. Hell, I didn’t know his first name wasn’t Quinn until last night. She went to work preparing his tea. He had two teabags in one cup, and she added two spoons of sugar. 
She smiled as she gathered his cup. “I will be back.” She carried it out of the kitchen. I was guessing she was taking it to his office. I knew a lot more about the men I went on dates with, than I knew about Nicholas. I didn’t even sleep with those men like I had Nicholas. The thought bothered me a little, but I didn’t let it hang around for long. 
Marie hurried back in the kitchen. “I am making pancakes and bacon. Is that okay with you?” 
I took a sip of my coffee, and then smiled. “That’s fine.” It had been a long time since I had a home cooked breakfast.
I watched Marie hum as she made pancakes and bacon. I wasn’t sure what else I should do. I considered finding Nicholas, but I decided against it. 
Jack walked in the kitchen as Marie was finishing the last batch of pancakes. “Ms. Slater; I put some clothes in Quinn’s room. He told me to let you know.”
I was relieved I finally had something to wear. “Oh, thank you.” I hopped off the seat. I wanted to go put real clothes on as soon as possible.
“Hurry back. Breakfast is just about ready,” Marie called after me.
“I won’t be long,” I promised. I hurried up the stairs, then down the hall to Quinn’s room. I walked in and Quinn was dressing. It looked like he had already showered. I smiled as I walked to clothes laid out on the bed. “Hey.”
“Hey yourself.” He was focused on buttoning his shirt, instead of looking at me. He looked exceptionally good this morning with his damp hair slicked back. I could smell his body wash and cologne. It made me yearn for the time I spent in his bed.
“Are you going to have breakfast once you dress?” I had been wondering if he would be joining me.
He looked up at me through the mirror. “Yes.”
There were three outfits laid out. I picked the olive colored dress. It was a soft material. I imagined it was expensive. I found a black lace bra and a lacy thong. I slipped them both on, and then I slipped the dress over my head. I looked up, feeling his eyes on me. He had been watching me silently the whole time. 
He was still putting cufflinks and his watch on. “That color suits you.”
“Thank you.” I smiled as I turned back toward the bed and found the pair of shoes that matched the dress. I slipped them on, and then I let my hair down. 
“Here, let me.” He gently touched my waist, startling me a little. I didn’t even hear him move up behind me. I didn’t realize he was there until he touched me. He began to brush my hair like he had the night before. I actually enjoyed that he took the time to tend to me like this. 
“Do you have a busy day planned?” I decided to make conversation because it made me less nervous. I didn’t know the proper way to act after spending the night with a man.
“I do, like always. What about you? What time do you get off work?” As he spoke, he continued to focus on brushing my hair. 
“Six. Do you think they will let Lena and me back in our apartment tonight?” I wasn’t sure if he was okay with me staying another night. I didn’t want him to think I expected it. 
He set the comb aside and rested his hands on my hips. “I was under the impression you didn’t want to go back.”
I sighed. “I don’t, but I have to eventually.” I knew it would be a while before I would be able to sleep soundly if I did go back. The thought that someone got in without being detected was a little unnerving. 
“Are you ready for breakfast?” His lips brushed my ear as he spoke. He wrapped his arms around my waist pulling me tighter against him.
I closed my eyes, enjoying every second of his affectionate touch. I breathed in the light scent of his cologne. My body immediately came to life when he touched me. “I am.” I tried not to sound breathless when I spoke, but it was nearly impossible. 
His lips trailed down my neck and over my shoulder. His hands slowly roamed my body. My heart started to race. He was driving me insane and he knew it. “We should get downstairs before we end up back in bed.” 
The amused lilt in his voice made me smile. “I won’t protest going back to bed.”
He hesitated like he thought I would immediately agree to go to breakfast. “I thought you had to be at work soon.” 
I sighed. “I do, but I think Meg would understand once she saw you.”
He laughed, releasing me as he did. “As much as I would love to take you up on your offer. I have work I can’t ignore.”
He offered me his hand, and I slipped my hand in his. I wasn’t going to argue with him. I had a feeling there were very few arguments he lost. He led me out of the bedroom and down the stairs. 
Marie had everything set out on the table. He held my chair for me, and I took my seat. He walked to his side of the table and sat down. 
He started removing the teabags from his tea; while I made my coffee. “I am going to assign security to you until we know more about what happened. They will be watching you from a distance. I don’t want you to be alarmed if you notice them.”
I looked up at him a little startled. “You think that is necessary?” I was suddenly worried. Maybe he knew more than what he was saying. 
He glanced at me, and then went back to what he was doing. “I think I would rather be safe than sorry. They are there as a precaution, not because there is an actual threat.”
“Oh,” I said thoughtfully as I stirred my coffee. “Do you know any more about who might have attacked Rebecca?”
He shook his head. “I am hoping to find out more today. Until then, I just want to make sure you remain safe.”
I smiled as I took a sip of my coffee. I liked that he was worried about me. I didn’t like that there was someone out there who might hurt me. I kept trying to come up with an idea of who it might be, but I couldn’t think of anyone. I kept to myself most of the time. 
“I will take you to work this morning, and Jack will pick you up this evening. Between now and then we will figure out whether you will be going back to your apartment or not.” He spoke casually, refusing to give anything away.
I smiled. “That will be perfect.” 
I turned my attention to my food. I had no idea whether he wanted me to stay with him or not. I didn’t want to assume he did. He was so skittish. He was used to submissives, and I wasn’t his submissive. I actually wasn’t sure what I was to him. Maybe I was a one night stand. The thought was a little disheartening, but I wasn’t going to fool myself. I never thought my relationship with him would go as far as it had. He was so determined to be a Dom. He didn’t seem like he was open to anything else, but he gave in. I just wasn’t sure if that was temporary or permanent. 
He cleared his throat, catching my attention. I looked up at him. He was watching me, and he had yet to touch his own breakfast. 
“Is there something wrong?” I asked worried. His expression was hard to read like usual. I couldn’t tell if he was upset, happy, or just indifferent.
His expression darkened slightly. “Are you going to make me ask for everything?” His tone was clipped, finally giving me some indication of his current feelings. 
“I don’t understand what you mean.” I was genuinely confused. I thought things were going well between us.
He looked down at his food like he was trying to decide what to say. His eyes met mine again after a moment. “Due to recent events and the fact that we spent the night together, most women in your situation would assume they are going to stay with me. You haven’t even suggested you want to stay with me. Obviously, you want me to ask you to stay, or maybe you don’t want to stay.” 
I could definitely sense his annoyance now. I tried to stifle my smile as I picked at my food. I couldn’t look at him and keep a straight face. He was actually offended because I didn’t assume he wanted me around. “I was going to leave the choice to you. You are the one with specific preferences. I am flexible.” I met his hard brown gaze, and he seemed to relax a little. 
“Fine, then I will tell Jack you will be staying here this evening.” As soon as he spoke, he turned his attention to his food. 
I couldn’t help but smile. He was so stiff sometimes. I didn’t want to push him because I knew he was the kind to shy away. He didn’t want the same type of relationship I did. My type of relationships involved hanging out, dating, kissing, and so many other activities. His relationships consisted of whips and cuffs. 
We both finished breakfast in relative silence. I didn’t have much time before I needed to be at work. Once we both finished our food, I stood and gathered the plates off the table. I walked them to the kitchen.
Marie hurried over to me and took them from me. “I could have gotten them, dear.”
I laughed. “I don’t mind. Thanks for breakfast.” 
She smiled. “You’re welcome. Have a good day.” She hurried to the sink with the dishes. 
I walked back out to the main room. 
Nicholas was standing near the door waiting for me. “Ready to go?” 
I nodded, then hurried over and gathered my purse and cell phone. He held the door for me, and I slipped past him into the foyer. I pushed the button for the elevator, as he moved up next to me. He placed his hand on my lower back, almost possessively. I leaned into him as we waited for the elevator. It didn’t take long for the doors to open. He ushered me in, then he hit the button for the garage level. He moved back to his position next to me. He slipped his arm around my waist, and pulled me against him.
I giggled as I closed my eyes and leaned into him. 
His lips brushed my ear. “You are driving me insane.” His voice was a low growl. It was his bedroom voice, the one that made my panties damp. He pressed his erection into me. 
I ran my hand down over the bulge in his pants, and smiled. I had the same effect on him that he did on me. “Will you be home this evening?”
“Yes, I shouldn’t be long after you.” The elevator doors opened and he released his hold on me. He took my hand and led me toward his car. 
“Good, I will be waiting for you,” I teased. He opened the passenger door. I moved up close to him, and peeked up at him. 
“I don’t want to wait that long.” He sounded like he was pouting. 
I kissed his cheek. “Maybe I can help with that. Get in the car.” I slipped in my seat. He raised his eyebrows in amusement as he shut the door. 
He walked to his side and climbed into his seat. He shut the door and looked at me. I moved as close as I could to him. I ran my hand over his bulging manhood. I smiled sweetly as I undid his belt. I unbuttoned his slacks and freed his erection. I leaned over him and pressed my lips to his throbbing shaft.
His breath caught in his throat as I covered his cock with my mouth. I slowly began to tease him. I knew it wouldn’t take much, he was already fighting the urge to let go. I could taste him, salty and sweet. He placed his hand on my back. His breathing was ragged. “Fuck,” he murmured as he leaned his head back. 
His hips swayed with the rhythm of my mouth. I used my tongue and lips to drive him crazy. My pussy started to warm and ache, wanting him. I knew I would have to wait until tonight to relieve my need. We had limited time as it was. The thought of him penetrating me encouraged me. I moved more vigorously. I wanted his release; I was demanding it.
His strangled moan signaled he was losing the last bit of control he had. Salty heat flooded my mouth. I savored the taste of him as I slowed my movement. He was panting, trying to catch his breath. 
I shifted, and smiled at him. I pressed my lips to his. My tongue touched his. I wanted him to taste himself on my lips. His brown eyes were blazing. He looked like he was holding back. He wanted to tear my clothes off and take me right then, but he knew we didn’t have time.
“Better,” I cooed as I readjusted him. I buttoned his pants, and fixed his belt. 
“I’m not sure. I think you just made me want to fuck you more.” His voice was a little ragged like he still hadn’t recovered. 
I giggled as I sat properly in my seat. “Tonight, lover. I am going to be late for work.”
He sighed disappointed. He started the car and pulled out of the garage. He reached over and placed his hand on my thigh as he navigated traffic. I smiled at him and laced my fingers through his. He smiled briefly, and then he turned his attention back to the road. He looked like he was deep in thought. 
The gallery wasn’t that far from his apartment. In fact, it was in walking distance. He parked in front, and I leaned over to kiss him on the cheek. He turned at the last second, and my lips met his. I groaned as I leaned into him and deepened the kiss. I loved the taste and feel of his soft lips. 
“Go before I lose all control and fuck you right here,” he growled as he gently pushed me away.
I giggled as I opened the door. I climbed out, and then gave him a small wave before walking into the gallery. 
Meg was already here. I swear she got here extremely early. The gallery was her life. I hoped one day to be as dedicated as she was to her work. 
Meg watched Nicholas pull away from the curb. “New boyfriend?”  I could hear the curiosity in her voice. It was unusual for me to be dropped off by a man. 
“You could say that.” I couldn’t hide my smile. I was taken with him. I was a little worried at times because he seemed like he could easily break my heart, but I couldn’t resist. 
Meg gave me directions for the day like she usually did. We had more art coming in for an upcoming show. I was going to spend the day clearing one of the rooms to prepare for the new showing. I would be looking forward to spending the evening with Nicholas the entire time.

Chapter 6

The morning went by slowly. I was hoping it would go by faster, but it didn’t seem like it was going to. Around lunch, Meg ran off to do whatever it was that she did. I was standing at the front desk flipping through a magazine. I couldn’t be in the back clearing the room because I was the only one at the gallery at the moment. Someone had to watch the front. 
The door jingled and I looked up. Lena walked in looking a little disgruntled. She was supposed to be starting an internship at a magazine soon. I was beginning to think Patrick was distracting her from it because I hadn’t heard much about it lately. 
I closed the magazine as she walked toward me. “Hey Lena.”
“Hey. I was just checking in. I was worried, but I see Quinn has guards on you.” She didn’t sound all too happy about it. In fact, she seemed like she was in a bad mood. 
“Yeah, he said they would be there.” They had been there all morning. There were two of them parked across the street in a black SUV. I was pretty sure it was them because they hadn’t moved. 
She glanced around nervously like she usually did when she wanted to say something, but was holding back. She looked at me after a moment or two. “Patrick says you are staying with Quinn again tonight. Are you sure that is a good idea?”
I laughed. “Is it a bad idea?” I was actually surprised by her question. She had been pushing Nicholas at me and now she was trying to get me away from him. I didn’t understand what had changed so drastically.
“He wants certain things, and I don’t want him pushing you into anything you aren’t comfortable with. When this whole thing started, I didn’t realize you were so inexperienced. You need to experience regular relationships before you agree to a contract one.” She seemed genuinely concerned. Obviously Patrick hadn’t told her everything. Either that, or Nicholas didn’t tell Patrick everything. 
“Nicholas and I don’t have a contract relationship. I refused to agree to it,” I said as I focused on organizing magazines.
“Nicholas?” The confusion on her face was evident. 
I forgot she didn’t know his first name. “Quinn is his last name. He is a lot sweeter than he seems. He isn’t forcing me into anything. Everything that has happened between us has been consensual.”
“Oh my god, you slept with him!” Her voice went up an octave higher than usual. 
I felt my cheeks redden. “So. Did you really expect me to remain a virgin forever with him hanging around?”
She pursed her lips as she thought about it. “I guess not. Did you do it in his playroom?” She sounded far more curious then I liked. I hated discussing these things with her.
I rolled my eyes trying to keep my blushing to a minimum. “No we were in his bed like normal people. I am telling you. He isn’t all kink like you think he is. He is sweet and gentle, and I think he cares about me.”
She scoffed. “He must be putting on one hell of a show. Either that or you are living in a fantasy world and telling me stories. I have never heard the words ‘gentle’ and ‘sweet’ used in, or anywhere near the same sentence as the name Quinn.”
I shrugged. “Believe what you want. You know me, Lena. If I wasn’t happy with him I wouldn’t be with him. I am not one to cling to a guy just because.”
She sighed. “I guess you are right. Can we do lunch tomorrow? I know it’s your day off.”
I nodded, and then I stepped forward and hugged her. “We can, and you can call me whenever you want.”
“Okay,” she said as she pulled away. “I have to go. Patrick is waiting in the car.”
I smiled. “Okay. I will see you later.”
She nodded, and then she turned and hurried out. I went back to my magazine. My thoughts drifted to Nicholas. Everyone had such a negative view of him when it came to relationships. Maybe he was putting on an act, but why would he waste the time? He could have any woman. Hell, he got in my pants. There was nothing keeping him from walking away. I smiled when I remembered his face this morning. He was upset because I didn’t assume I could stay. He wanted me to stay with him.
My phone chimed pulling me from my thoughts. I retrieved it, and looked at the screen. It was a text message from a blocked number. I opened the message, and a video popped up. The sound of a female’s muffled screams sent chills through me. There was a woman tied to a bed. I didn’t recognize her because her face was blocked. She was blindfolded and gagged. The other person in the video was just a shadow. Her nude body was covered in cuts. The shadow moved closer to her and cut across her abdomen with a knife. She screamed in agony. It wasn’t a deep enough cut to kill her, it was just enough to cause severe pain and bleeding. I quickly stopped the video. I couldn’t watch anymore, or I was going to be sick. I set the phone down. I realized I was shaking. The gallery phone rang making me jump. I quickly picked up the phone.
“Inspirations, this is Mandy speaking.” I sounded breathless and terrified. 
“Ah, just who I was looking to talk to.” The voice on the other end was male, but I didn’t recognize it. 
“Who is this?” I asked trying to keep my composure. I wasn’t sure if the video was freaking me out, or if the guy on the phone was someone to worry about. 
“Did you like my video?” He was excited as he asked. 
I fought the urge to hang up. “Who are you? What do you want?” I was trying to sound brave, but on the inside I was trembling.
“Such defiance. I am going to have fun when it is our time to play, Mandy.” The phone line went dead. I stared at it for a minute, and then hung it up. My mind was racing. I didn’t recognize his voice. Who was he? I was racking my brain, but coming up empty.
“Ms. Slater?” 
I yelped startled, as I quickly turned to face Jack. I didn’t even hear him come in.
He looked hesitant. It was obvious he didn’t mean to scare me nearly to death. “Are you okay?” He suddenly looked worried. 
I shook my head. “Someone sent me a video and called the gallery. He knows I work here.” I was trying not to panic, but I could hear her screams and his cold voice. Tears rolled down my cheeks. I couldn’t stop them, I was scared. 
“Show me the video.” He was in full guard mode now. 
I turned and reached for my phone. I was trembling. I could barely hit the buttons. He took the phone from me and quickly navigated to the video. I couldn’t see it, but I could hear her screams. Jack’s face was grim as he watched it. He watched far more than I was able to. 
He turned it off and looked at me. “I need to keep this. I will get you another phone. What did he say when he called?”
“He asked if I liked his video, then he said he was going to have fun when it was our time to play.” I felt sick as I said it. I was pretty sure he was talking about doing to me what he did to that girl. 
“I am going to alert Quinn to everything that is going on. He is in a meeting; so he sent me to check on you. I am going to have Carl come inside. I am no longer comfortable with watching you from a distance, especially if he knows where you are.” He was texting on his phone as he was speaking. He slipped his phone back in his pocket as he watched me. “We won’t let anything happen to you.”
I nodded as I quickly wiped my cheeks. “I just don’t understand what he wants?”
“He is sick, that much is obvious.” His tone was grim, and it made me worry more. 
The front door opened and a man I didn’t recognize walked in. He was wearing a suit similar to Jack’s. 
“This is Carl. He will be your guard. Anything else happens, report it to him. He will make sure Quinn and I are notified.” Jack spoke firmly, like he was worried I wasn’t paying attention.
I nodded. “Okay.” I still sounded breathless and weak. 
Jack walked over to Carl and said a few quick words, and then he continued out of the gallery. He left in the truck that had been parked across the street all day. 
“I will be over here if you need me, ma’am,” Carl said. He walked over near the entrance, and took up a position against the wall. 
I tried to focus on something other than the maniac out to get me, but it was difficult. I didn’t have my phone, and I couldn’t focus on a magazine at the moment. I basically watched the clock when I wasn’t helping guests. 

Chapter 7

Monica rushed in around five-thirty. Meg had returned an hour earlier, and was currently in her office. I already had my things ready to go. I didn’t want to be here any longer. 
She caught a glimpse of Carl and raised her eyebrows. “Did we get new security?”
I smiled shaking my head. “He is guarding me. I’ve gotten some odd phone calls and texts. Nicholas is just taking precautions.” I was trying to brush it off. I said the same thing to Meg when she asked. I wanted to believe it wasn’t a serious threat, but it was getting harder and harder. 
She looked a little confused. “Like a stalker?” 
I nodded. “If you see or hear anything odd, just let me know. I don’t think it’s serious, but just in case.”
She draped her coat over the chair. “Okay. Are you okay?” 
“I’m good.” I fought to force a smile. I had to keep telling myself I was okay. I would be better soon, once I was back in Nicholas’s bed.
The gallery doors jingled, catching our attention. Nicholas walked in, and relief immediately washed over me.
“Damn, that man is fine,” Monica said low enough for just me to hear. She giggled and nudged me, then strutted back to the office to put her things away. 
I hurried over to Nicholas. I immediately threw my arms around his neck, burying my face in his chest. I breathed in his scent. He embraced me tightly, making me sag in relief. 
“I’m scared.” My voice was cracking, and I was afraid I was going to start crying again.
He pulled away from me, and pressed his lips to mine. He kissed me gently as he cupped my cheek. “He will never get to you.” His voice was confident and reassuring. A stray tear rolled down my cheek. He brushed it away with his thumb. 
“I want to go home.” I sounded so weak, but I didn’t care.
He nodded. He slipped his arm around me and guided me toward the exit. I noticed Carl stayed behind. I wasn’t sure if he was going to keep watch over the gallery, or if he was waiting for a ride. I didn’t ask.
Nicholas opened the rear door of a town car and I climbed in. He slid in next to me. He pulled me into his lap. I lay my head against his chest. I was content in his arms. I needed to feel protected, and he was easing my fear. The town car set off toward his apartment. He was quiet as he held me. I considered asking him questions, but I wasn’t sure I wanted to know the answers. 
“How does take out, and spending the night in sound?” he asked, finally speaking. 
“That sounds perfect.” All I wanted to do was spend the night tangled in his arms. 
The car pulled up in front of the apartment building. I slid off his lap; so he could climb out. He exited, and then offered me his hand. He led me in through the front entrance, and walked straight to the elevator.
“Jack took my phone earlier. If Lena calls …” I started, but he cut me off.
“Lena knows to call me. I will have a phone for you by the morning.” He squeezed my hand to reassure me.
The elevator doors opened and we stepped in. He typed in his code and the elevator set off. He moved forward, pressing his body against mine. He pressed me to the wall. His mouth found mine. His kiss was deep and desperate. I tangled my fingers in his hair. My panties dampened as he pressed his growing erection into me.
I smiled as his mouth roamed my neck, and the tops of my breast. “You aren’t supposed to have dessert before dinner.” 
He smiled as he looked down at me. He was pressing his body into mine possessively. “I am going to have dessert several times, before and after dinner.”
His words sent a rush of excitement through me. The elevator doors opened and he snatched my hand. He opened the door, and pulled me into the apartment. As soon as he shut the door, he was on me. His tongue explored my mouth, as he pushed me back toward the couch. 
“What about Marie?” I was a little self-conscious. I didn’t want to be walked in on.
“I gave her the night off.” He barely took time to answer. 
I yelped in surprise when he lifted me off my feet. I wrapped my legs around him as he carried me to the couch, and lay me down. His mouth was on mine again. His kiss was needy and consuming. 
“I have been thinking about this all day.” His voice was his low seductive bedroom voice, the one that made my panties damp. I could have been angry at him, and that voice would have the same effect. His eyes locked with mine, as he hooked my panties and slid them down my legs. He tossed them aside. He pushed my dress up, exposing my pussy. He didn’t bother removing my dress or heels. His eyes drifted to my pussy. He ran his hands up my thighs as he lowered his mouth to the slick, heated skin between them.
I closed my eyes and moaned as he began to tease me. His tongue and lips explored every part of me. I wanted him. The feeling was so intense my pussy ached. The memory of his cock penetrating me was so vivid; I could almost feel it. The pleasure was too much. The slight flick of his tongue pushed me over the edge. I cried out, pressing my hips forward. I wanted more. My fingers tangled in his hair as he drew every ounce of pleasure from my body. 
I was panting, and my cheeks were burning with excitement. He moved over me, pressing his lips to mine. I could taste my release on his lips, and it excited me more. He was mine. I wrapped my legs around him possessively. 
His hard cock easily found my wet opening. I wasn’t sure at what point he undid his pants. I never noticed. I was too focused on the feeling his lips and tongue gave me. He thrust forward partially filling me with his hard cock. I cried out in ecstasy. It was intense and pleasurable all at the same time. He pulled back and thrust forward again. My arousal allowed him to ease inside me, but my body still resisted when he tried to move quickly. He was relentless, thrust after thrust until he was buried inside me. I loved how large he was. I liked that he felt too much for me to take. He pushed my body to the limit and beyond every time he touched me. I wasn’t sure if I would ever adjust to his size.
His fingers dug into my hips as he began to thrust. His rhythm was quick and rough. He was looking for the feeling as much as I was. He wasn’t in the mood for playing. He wanted to fuck, not make love. His eyes were hooded as they locked with mine. I braced myself against the couch. His eyes blazed with excitement. He picked up the pace and began to thrust more aggressively.
My eyes widened in surprise at his sudden aggressiveness. He was slamming his body into mine; bottoming out inside me. The thrusts were bruising, but I loved it. I knew I would be sore once we were done, but that didn’t matter to me. 
“Harder.” The word left my lips before I even thought much about it. He was already being rougher than usual. 
His eyes glittered with excitement. He was obliged to fulfill my request. He slammed his body into mine. I didn’t think he could thrust much harder, but I was wrong. I cried out in surprise as I gripped the couch. I wouldn’t ask him to stop. I wanted this. Pleasure rolled over me, quickly diminishing the pain of his punishing thrusts. My cheeks flushed, as my body quickly warmed. A thin sheen of sweat covered my skin. He held me firmly, as he continued to move relentlessly. I could feel the pleasure right there. I was so close. Cries escaped my lips as the pleasure rolled over me, numbing my body to his thrusts. My release soaked my thighs and him. The sound of his cock thrusting in and out of me was all I could hear. 
He yelled in frustration and excitement. His hot release spilled from the tip of his cock, filling me. He collapsed over me panting. He was groaning as he continued to move his cock inside me. He had softened considerably, but he was still firm. I lay under him trying to catch my breath. I was numb. I didn’t know if that was good or bad. 
He brushed my lips with his. I tangled my fingers in his hair, and deepened the kiss. He settled down against me. He kept his cock firmly buried inside me. He slowly kissed me, teasing me with his lips. I wrapped my legs around him, slowly moving my hips. His cock shifted inside me, slowly massaging me. He found my spot and focused on it. I moved my hips with him, intensifying the pleasure. 
“Yes,” I moaned as I lifted my hips meeting his slow thrusts. I could feel my release building again. I was losing the numb feeling, and all I could feel was pleasure. 
His eyes were locked on my face. He liked watching me enjoy him. I pulled him into a kiss. I moved my hips to the rhythm of his thrusts. My breathing turned into ragged pants. Pleasure rushed over me. I moaned, gripping him tighter.
 His moans echoed my own. I felt him release again. He collapsed against me. I ran my fingers through his hair, enjoying how close he was to me. Surprisingly, he wasn’t heavy as he lay over me. He was still planted firmly between my thighs. 
“You smell incredible.” His voice was muffled as he spoke because his face was buried in my chest.
I giggled as I played with his hair. 
He looked up at me and grinned. “That was fun.”
“That was fun,” I agreed. 
He slowly sat up. He went to work attempting to adjust his clothes. His hair was a ruffled mess. “I need a drink now.”
I laughed as I sat up and smoothed my dress. “Can I have my panties back?”
My panties were sitting on the coffee table in front of him. He stood and picked them up, and then he looked at me. “I think I will keep them.” He shoved them in his pocket, and then walked over to the bar to make himself a drink.
I pursed my lips as I watched him. “It is rude to steal a lady’s panties.”
He smiled. “I am going to start a collection. Every time I have you, I think I will keep your panties.”
I laughed. “I guess I will just have to quit wearing panties. Then what will you do?”
“Never get anything done again because every time I see you the thought of you panty-less will drive me insane.” He sounded sincere, and that made it funnier. He offered me a drink, and I accepted. He retrieved his phone, and sat down in the chair across from me. “I am going to order Chinese.”
“That sounds good. Maybe after dinner we could take a bath.” I loved baths, and I had yet to enjoy one with him. I was looking forward to it because I knew he would be fun in the bath.
He smiled as he watched me. “That sounds like fun.” He called and ordered food. Just as he set his phone aside, there was a knock on the door. It had to be someone that had the code to the elevator. He got to his feet and walked to the door. He opened it and hesitated. “Jillian, Fredrick; what are you doing here?”
“We are checking on you silly.” The woman’s voice was playful, almost flirtatious. I hated to say it made me jealous, but it was a little too flirtatious for my taste. 
“Oh … I’m fine. Come in.” He moved aside so they could come in. He glanced at me like he was a little unsure. 
The man and woman walked in the apartment. I recognized them as the couple from the club. The one Nicholas spoke to the first night I met him. The woman was a pretty blond, and the man was handsome. He reminded me a lot of Patrick. Neither of them immediately noticed my presence.
“Patrick said you wouldn’t be coming to the club tonight. That is like three days absent. Are you sick?” The man, Fredrick, sounded like he was teasing him.
“No, I just have other things to do. Jillian, Fredrick, this is Amanda.” Nicholas introduced me before they noticed I was there.
Jillian looked a little startled as she turned her attention to me. “Oh, I didn’t realize you had taken another submissive.” She actually sounded a little hurt. 
“Mandy isn’t my submissive. Would you guys like a drink?” He moved toward the bar as he spoke. Nicholas was being vague. I was also surprised he used my nickname. He was usually all about using my full name. I wondered if he would tell them I was his girlfriend. I wasn’t even sure if I was his girlfriend. 
Fredrick smiled at me. “I would love one.”
“Me too,” Jillian added as she turned her attention back to Nicholas. “So, the masquerade party is this weekend. Will you be going?” 
“I am not sure.” He spoke without looking up. I could tell he was uncomfortable. Maybe he was regretting having me here. It was obvious his friends were into his lifestyle. 
“Weren’t you at the club the other night?” Fredrick asked as he took a seat across from me.
I nodded. “Lena goes there a lot. She is my roommate.”
“Lena is Patrick’s submissive,” Nicholas explained, as he offered Fredrick his drink. 
Jillian already had her drink. She was watching me. I was a little uncomfortable under her gaze. She was standing just behind Fredrick’s chair. 
Fredrick accepted the drink from Nicholas. “Yes, I met Lena a week or two ago. She is a nice girl.”
Nicholas sat on the couch next to me. He didn’t sit too close, but he wasn’t sitting far away either. 
Jillian looked at Nicholas. “So are you and Amanda seeing each other?” I could tell she finally gathered the courage to ask. It had been bothering her since the minute he introduced me. 
Nicholas looked uncomfortable again like he didn’t want to say yes, but he didn’t want to say no either.
I decided to cut him some slack. “We are friends. Nicholas has been sweet enough to help me out lately.” 
“Oh, I see.” She didn’t sound like she believed me as she glanced from Nicholas to me, then back at Nicholas. “Have you gone to visit Rebecca today?”
He shook his head. “I was caught up today. I had someone check in on her. She is supposed to be released tomorrow.” He didn’t sound like he wanted to discuss it, but it was obvious Jillian wanted to. 
“Have you heard anything about the investigation?” She continued to press him for information.
“I think he would have told us if he had, dear,” Fredrick cut in. He could obviously sense Nicholas’s annoyance as much as I could. Jillian just didn’t seem to notice or care. 
She scowled slightly at Fredrick. “I am just worried about Rebecca. Rebecca and I are friends.”
Nicholas looked at Jillian. “I am doing everything I can to help find out what happened.” 
She sighed. “I know you are. It is just really upsetting.” 
Fredrick took Jillian’s hand as if he was trying to reassure her. He looked at me briefly, and then looked at Nicholas. “There were investigators at the club today. They seemed to think it may have been someone there.”
Nicholas nodded as he stood. “I told them to check there. That is where Rebecca spends most of her time. Whoever did it is familiar with bondage as well.” Nicholas walked back to the bar to freshen his drink. I could tell he was uncomfortable with the situation. 
I looked back at Jillian and Fredrick when I felt their eyes on me. They knew I was more than just Nicholas’s friend. I could tell they wanted to know more, but they knew how private Nicholas was. 
“So, Mandy, how long have you known Quinn?” Jillian asked breaking the awkward silence. 
“A few days. I met him at the club the night I was there.” I didn’t mind the questions, but I wasn’t going to give them the confirmations they wanted. 
Nicholas took a seat next to me again after he refreshed his drink. “Rebecca was found in Mandy’s apartment. She is staying here for a few days while they investigate, and Lena is staying with Patrick.” 
Jillian looked both surprised and annoyed. “Oh; that is surprising …” She trailed off as if she wanted to add more. 
“I think it is nice of you to give her a place to stay. She seems like she is a nice girl. It is terrible she has to be dragged into whatever Rebecca got herself into,” Fredrick said before Jillian could say anymore. 
“It is a little soon to say this is Rebecca’s fault,” Jillian said haughtily.
Fredrick scoffed. “Everyone knows Rebecca has issues.”
“I think we should wait to pass judgment until everything has been investigated,” Nicholas cut in. It was obvious he was tired of the subject.
Jillian sighed. “I suppose you’re right.” She looked thoughtful for a moment, and then she brightened. “We should work on finding you a submissive before the masquerade party.”
Nicholas looked hesitant again, like he wasn’t sure how to approach this particular subject with her. “I believe I will be out of town this weekend anyway. There is really no point in rushing for that.” 
I noticed he was making it a point not to look at me as he spoke. He didn’t want to upset me, but he didn’t want to claim me either.
“Oh, well, either way, I have been collecting some resumes for you. Maybe I will drop them by tomorrow evening?” Jillian continued.
“That will be fine,” Nicholas said gruffly. His jaw was tense. He was really starting to get uncomfortable. 
Fredrick stood. “We should get going. I told Daniel we would be at the club tonight. If you get a chance, drop by.”
Nicholas stood; ready to show them to the door. “I will.” Fredrick ushered Jillian to the door. Nicholas saw them out. “Have a good night.” 
I heard Jillian and Fredrick say goodbye, then Nicholas shut the door. He looked at me a little unsure. “Do you need another drink?”
I shook my head. I had barely touched mine. I was sure he was asking just to kill the awkwardness. “You know I don’t expect you to be my boyfriend or anything just because we had sex.” I wanted to clear the air and maybe help ease some of his tension. 
He visibly relaxed. “I’m not trying to be a dick, but …”
“You don’t want what I do.” I finished the sentence for him because I knew what he was going to say.
His expression softened as he watched me. “I feel like such an ass for taking your virginity, then not claiming you.”
I laughed. “I am not a delicate flower. You never deceived me in any way. I have no unreal expectations. I know what you like and what you want, and I know I am not it.”
“Don’t say that. You are …” He trailed off as if he couldn’t find the words.
“Young and naïve?” I asked playfully.
He smiled. “Perfect in every way. You deserve a man who wants everything you have to offer, not an asshole stuck in his ways like me.”
I giggled as I set my drink on the coffee table. “Well, for now; I am okay with the asshole stuck in his ways.”
He smiled. Before he could say anything, the doorbell rang. He opened the door. It was our food. He paid the man delivering, then shut the door and carried the food over to me. He set it on the coffee table, and then he sat down next to me. 
I moved closer to him, resting my hand on his thigh. 
He raised his eyebrows as he looked at me. “Are you trying to delay dinner?”
I laughed as I reached past him and took one of the cartons out. “For a Dom, you have very little self-control, sir.”
The playful glint in his eye made my thighs involuntarily clench. “I haven’t been in Dom mode since the night I met you. Believe me, I have tried, but you are making it impossible.” He turned his attention to setting the cartons out. 
“What made you decide to become a Dom?” I decided it was time I tried to at least learn a little bit about him. 
He glanced at me like he was trying to decide if he wanted to tell me something that intimate about himself.
I nudged him when he didn’t respond immediately. “Answer my question, then I will answer any question you can come up with.”
He smiled wickedly. “Okay. I didn’t have a very good childhood. I never got along with anyone, especially not women. I wanted sex, but I didn’t want relationships. I also didn’t want to have random partners. Becoming a Dom was the perfect alternative. I could have long term relationships, but without the intimacy and annoyance.”
“That actually makes sense,” I said thoughtfully as I set the container I had been eating from aside. 
“My turn.” The wicked glint in his eyes made me a little nervous. “I want to know what your fantasy is.”
I giggled shaking my head. “I don’t have one, at least not yet. Can you really have a fantasy when you don’t even know what being with a man is like?”
“Of course. Maybe you want to try it with a woman, or with two men? Nothing?” he asked sounding disappointed. 
I smiled as I thought about it. “I know this doesn’t sound true, but I promise, it is the truth. I never really wanted to have sex until I met you. The night we met, and you took me in the playroom, it was the first time I could actually see myself enjoying being with a man.”
He looked a little confused. “I’m sure you’ve been attracted to others.”
“Of course, but I would get to know them and try to picture myself being with them intimately, but …” I trailed off trying to think of the right thing to say. 
“But what?” he pressed. I had his full attention now.
“They weren’t worth it. They didn’t make me feel like I thought I should. I thought I should feel something amazing when a man touched me. All my girlfriends made it seem that way. I never felt anything like I thought I should; so I was afraid there was something wrong with me. When you came along, I realized I just had to find the right person to make me feel the amazing feeling that everyone else was talking about.” I looked at him a little unsure. I didn’t want to scare him away by telling him how I really felt. 
“Huh,” he said thoughtfully, as he turned his attention to his food.
I picked my container up again, and started to pick at it. He didn’t seem freaked out; he seemed like he didn’t know what to say. 
He laughed after a second or two. I looked up at him a little startled. “What’s so funny?”
He smiled shaking his head. “I just realized you are the only woman I have actually had vanilla sex with. Unprotected, vanilla sex and I think it is the only time I really enjoyed making a woman feel good. Sex with my submissives is more about making me feel good. With you, I wanted to make you feel good. I wanted to make you come.”
He looked at me, and I felt a blush creep up my cheeks. “That is kind of how I felt, especially when …” I trailed off a little unsure.
“Tell me,” he urged as he set his container aside. He took my container from my hands and set it on the table. 
My cheeks reddened more. “When I was sucking your cock. I really liked doing that.”
He smiled. “I like it when you do that.”
I stood nervously and offered him my hand. “Let’s go take a bath, and then maybe you can let me do it again.”
He took my hand and stood. I led him upstairs to his bedroom. I walked into the bathroom and released his hand. I started the bath. I turned and smiled at him. I slipped my dress off, letting it fall to the floor. I walked over to him and began unbuttoning his shirt. I slid it down his arms, taking my time to run my fingers over his arms and chest. Once his shirt was off, I undid his pants. His erection sprang free. His eyes locked with mine, as I knelt sliding his pants down. I couldn’t resist, my lips covered his hard shaft. I sucked and licked him greedily. He gripped the sink as I remained on my knees in front of him pleasuring him. He closed his eyes as his breathing turned into ragged pants. My breathing picked up as I imagined him inside me. He moaned, unable to hold off long. His warm release filled my mouth, satisfying me.
I slowly got to my feet. I stepped in the bath, and slid down in the fragrant bubbles. He remained leaning against the counter watching me. His cock was semi-hard as a variety of dirty thoughts crossed his face. 
“Have you ever been with a woman in the tub?” I asked playfully.
He shook his head as he straightened. “Too intimate.”
I smiled. “Maybe that is my first fantasy. I want sex in the bathtub.”
His expression darkened with excitement. He moved forward and climbed into the bath with me. He moved up between my thighs. “Is this how this works? You tell me your fantasies as you think of them, and I get a chance to fulfill them?”
“Is that how you want it to work?” I brushed my lips playfully against his. I was aroused and I wanted him to know it. 
He nodded. “I want to be your fantasy.” His excited whisper made my pussy clench. 
I smiled as I ran my fingers through his hair. “You already are.” I pressed my lips to his. 
He pressed his body into me kissing me frantically. He grasped my thighs. I wrapped my arms around his neck for support. He pinned me to the side of the bathtub, then his cock slowly started to fill me. 
It felt odd in the water, but he didn’t seem to notice. He broke the kiss, making me moan. His lips trailed down to my neck. I closed my eyes, and let his touch possess me. I loved how he felt. His rough thrusts sent shockwaves of pleasure radiating through me.
His lips brushed my ear. “Am I doing it right?”
I sighed as the pleasure of his touch continued to consume me. “You are always doing it right.” I cried out when the pleasure finally broke free. 
He held me firmly against him as I writhed in excitement. My fingers dug into his back as he pushed his cock deeper inside me. He groaned, losing control. My body sagged against him as his warmth filled me. 
He kissed me gently, and then he moved back off me. He sighed, closing his eyes as he leaned back against the other side of the tub. 
I watched him. He was so incredibly good looking. His body was perfect, like a god’s. His cock fit inside me like it was made specifically for me. I couldn’t find a flaw, and that scared me. He didn’t want this. He was just killing time with me. When things went back to normal, he would find another submissive. I wasn’t sure if I could handle that. 
“Would you still consider training me as your submissive?” I asked nervously.
He looked at me startled. “You don’t want …” 
I quickly cut him off. “I want you, and I want you to want me. Maybe I will like it if I just try it.”
He watched me silently for a moment. “You realize this isn’t part of being my submissive.”
I nodded as I watched him. “I just don’t want you choosing another woman. I can’t stand thinking about it. I want to try. I am not promising I will be any good at it, but I don’t want to walk away without fighting.”
His expression softened. “I’ve gone too far with you to take steps back like that. It will never work. I can’t get into that mindset with you.”
“Oh,” I said a little disappointed. “So you will choose someone else?”
He watched me for a moment, and then he looked away. “Yes, eventually, but I will wait until you have your place back.”
I didn’t know why, but I felt like I had been punched in the stomach. All the air felt like it was knocked from me. I stood, unable to remain so close to him. “I think it would be best if I stayed in the extra room,” I said breathlessly. I climbed out of the tub and retrieved a towel. 
“Mandy, wait,” he said a little worried. 
I couldn’t wait. I hurried out of the bathroom, and out of his room. I walked into the second bedroom and sat on the bed. Hot tears poured down my cheeks. I was angry that I let myself feel this way for him. I pressed my hand to my lips to stifle my sobs. Somehow I knew this was coming. I felt it coming on for a while, since his friends stopped by, and he confirmed yet again that I wasn’t what he wanted. 
“No, no, no, don’t cry over me Amanda.” His voice was firm, but worried.
He sat next to me and embraced me. I buried my face in his chest and cried. I couldn’t stop. He pulled me up onto the bed, and I lay across his chest. He stroked my hair silently as he listened to me cry. 
Once I was all cried out, I lay there silently trying to catch my breath and calm down. I didn’t know why I had such a strong reaction. I knew what was coming, but it still felt like a blow. My heart was broken. I tried not to have any unreal expectations, but I did and now I was shattered. I shouldn’t have felt this strongly after only a couple days, but I did the foolish thing and let my heart lead instead of my head.

Chapter 8

I woke up alone. I sat up and looked around. It was a little after two in the morning. There was a black robe on the chair across from the bed. I stood and slipped the robe on. My eyes were still puffy and sore from crying.
I walked downstairs, deciding I would get a drink. I figured Nicholas had gone to his own bed once I fell asleep. I walked into the kitchen and got a cup. I put some water in it and took a drink. I set the cup aside and turned. I nearly screamed when I came face to face with Nicholas. “You scared me,” I chided slapping his arm gently.
He smiled wickedly like he knew he would scare me. “I didn’t think you would be so jumpy.”
I scowled. “You’re too quiet.” It was either that, or I was too deep in my own thoughts. I went to move past him and he caught my wrist. I looked at him startled.
He pulled me against his chest and pressed my hand to the bulge in his silk pajama pants. “I know I should leave you alone because I’m hurting you, but I really want to fuck you. I had to leave the bedroom because I was pretty sure I was going to take advantage of you.”
I gently squeezed the bulge in his pants making his breath catch in his throat. He hardened more at my playful tease. I released him and untied my robe. I let it fall to the floor. “I like it when you take advantage.”
His eyes scoured my body, and then met mine again. He dropped his pants and kicked them aside, then he pinned me to the counter. His chocolate eyes were hard to look at. His erection was pressing into me. 
I shifted slightly, turning away from him. I placed my hands flat on the counter, and pressed my ass into him. “Are you going to use that thing, or just poke me with it?” I was teasing him, and I made sure he knew it.
He snapped out of it and grasped my hips. I was already ready for him. He quickly shifted, and pushed his cock inside me. I groaned as my body relaxed, adjusting to his girth. He held my hips in place as he thrust aggressively. My pussy moistened more. The sound of his body slapping against mine was intensified by my arousal. I was so wet and needy. I loved how he felt as he attempted to bury himself as deep inside me as he could manage.
I leaned back against him. His hands went to my breasts. His lips brushed my ear as he continued to move inside me. “I could never be as cold to you as I am to them. I could never treat you like that.”
I groaned. “I want … I want …” 
“Tell me,” he ordered. His excited voice turned me on more.
I bit my lips trying to gather my courage. “I want you to fuck me in my ass.” It sounded so much dirtier when I said it out loud. I wanted to try it, but I didn’t have the courage to ask until now.
He hesitated, slowing his movement. “Darling, I am a big man. That can be intense, and it should be done with toys first.”
I shook my head. “I don’t want toys. I want your cock,” I said firmly. I knew it was possible. I wasn’t worried about a little bit of pain. 
He groaned. “You are making this hard for me to walk away.”
“Please,” I begged pressing into him.
He cussed and pulled out of me. He rubbed the tip of his cock against my anus. “Breathe and relax.”
I nodded as I relaxed my body. I closed my eyes. He pushed and the pressure made my lips part in surprise. I fought the urge to tighten up. He held his position, and then eased back. He was going so painfully slow. He pushed forward again, making me moan.
“Tell me if it gets too much. We can stop,” he said firmly. His breathing was ragged as he held his position.
“I like it,” I moaned. I pushed back against him crying out as I did.
“Fuck, Mandy! I am going to come if you do that,” he growled. 
“This?” I asked amused. I pushed back against him again. His cock filled me more making me cry out. I moved against him, trying to ease the pressure, and then I pushed back again. I felt like I was completely full of him. 
“Fuck, Amanda,” he moaned. His fingers dug into the soft skin of my hips. 
I held my position waiting for him to move. “Aren’t you supposed to move now?” I asked amused. 
“I can’t believe you aren’t screaming. Most girls won’t even consider this for a while, especially not with me,” he growled. 
I giggled. “You feel good,” I murmured as I moved against him. “I want to feel you come.”
“Oh you will,” he growled as he slowly started to move. He was moving slowly, making me moan. I moved my hips with him. My cheeks burned. I never thought I would let a man do this, but I wanted Nicholas to do things I never wanted other men to do. I knew I had limited time with him, so I had to take advantage. 
He pushed me over the counter and started thrusting. I closed my eyes as pleasure washed over me. I stifled moans of pleasure. His groans, mirrored mine, filling the room. He let go, filling me with his heat. He slapped my ass making me yelp. It burned, but felt a little good. It felt good because it was dirty. He smacked my ass again making me groan. He pulled his cock free of me, making me gasp. He pressed his hand down on my back holding me in place. He smacked my ass again, this time more aggressively. 
I took a breath trying to assimilate the pleasure and pain. I could hear his breathing pick up. He liked what he was going. I was turning him on even more. He ran his hand over my burning skin. He lifted his hand, and then his hand connected with my ass again making me cry out. He rubbed my ass, massaging the sore spots. He smacked me again, making me flush. I wasn’t sure how long he planned on holding me pinned to the counter and spanking me, and I wasn’t sure I cared. I liked it more than I thought I would.
He pushed his hard cock back into my pussy. He grunted as he started to thrust. He held my hips firmly. His body slapped against my sore ass reminding me of his punishment. My cheeks flushed. “Yes,” I moaned as pleasure rolled over me. Ragged cries of pleasure spilled from his lips as he thrust erratically. He came again, but I could feel it was significantly less. He was wearing himself out. He collapsed back against the counter moaning. His eyes were closed as he tried to catch his breath.
I straightened. My backside was sore, but it was a pleasurable kind of sore. I looked over at him. He was watching me with his dark gaze. 
“Are you okay?” He sounded like he was asking because it was polite. 
I giggled. “I am perfect. I am ready for bed again.” I picked up the robe and slipped it on. “Are you coming?” I looked at him pointedly. After what I let him do I expected some cuddle time.
He smiled and retrieved his pants. “Yes, ma’am.”
I turned and continued on my way. I went to his room and climbed in the bed. He climbed in next to me and wrapped his arm around me. 
“Your ass is going to be sore tomorrow,” he murmured amused.
I smiled. “Good, every time I sit down I will think of you.”
He nuzzled my neck. “I like the idea of that.”

Chapter 9

I woke up and stretched. My backside did ache, but it was a good kind of ache. I smiled as I thought about Nicholas inside me. Just thinking about him turned me on. My body came to life, and my nipples tightened.
He shifted next to me. I looked over at him. He was sound asleep. My eyes scoured his perfect body. His cock was fully erect under the sheet. The sight of him made me want him more. I sat up and pulled the covers back exposing him. I straddled his hips. I slowly lowered myself onto him. I was so aroused he slid inside me with little effort. He was still a tight fit, and I loved it.
He groaned and his hands went to my hips. His eyes partially opened. I smiled down at him as I slowly moved my hips, pushing him as deep inside me as he would go. My lips parted as pleasure coursed through me. My nipples hardened to the point of aching. I was tender and sensitive to his touch after being with him so much. I moaned as I closed my eyes and started moving my hips more aggressively.
“Mandy, slow down, or I’m going to come,” he murmured. I slowed my movements. I wanted this to last. It was hard because I wanted to be aggressive, but I heeded his warning. He closed his eyes. His hands trailed up my sides to my breasts.  
I groaned as he tugged on my nipples. My pussy clamped around him. I was so wet; the sound of my body sliding against him was almost too much. 
“Fuck, you get excited,” he whispered as his hands went back to my hips.
I giggled. “I like your cock.” He moaned as I continued to move. I wanted to come. I started moving more aggressively. He looked at me. His breathing turned into ragged pants. My lips parted as pleasure started to creep through me. His cock hit my spot over and over again. Strangled moans escaped my lips as I came. “Yes!” I cried as I forced my hips against him, forcing him as deep inside me as possible.
He moaned as he closed his eyes. His back arched as his hot release filled me. The feeling was intoxicating. I moved until he was soft inside me. 
He sighed as he rested his hands on my thighs. “Damn, that is a good way to wake up.” He flattened the pillow next to him; so he could see the clock. His eyes widened in surprise. “It’s ten!” He quickly shifted, dumping me off of him. “Damn it Mandy! You’re killing my schedule.”
I giggled as I collapsed to the bed. He sounded genuinely annoyed at me. It wasn’t like I was tying him to the bed and forcing sex on him. 
He scowled at me. “Don’t you have to work?”
I shook my head as I propped myself up on my elbow. “It’s my day off.”
“Well it isn’t my day off. I need to shower. I have already missed like three meetings.” He rushed into the bathroom. 
I heard the shower start. I decided to join him. I knew the distraction might annoy him. I slipped out of the bed and walked into the bathroom. 
I climbed into the shower behind him and wrapped my arms around him. “Don’t be grumpy,” I cooed. I ran my hands over his abs as I spoke.
He pulled away from me. He turned and looked down at me with his annoyed brown gaze. “No, don’t touch. I have to go. You are already giving me a hard on.”
I giggled as I pressed my body to his. I pressed my breasts to his chest. He rolled his eyes. “You are seriously going to use your tits against me?”
I giggled again as I ran my hands over his ass. I gently squeezed his buttocks making him grasp my wrist as he eyed me. 
“You are impossible,” he growled as he pinned my wrist above my head. He caught my other free hand and pinned it there too. “I need you to cooperate. I really have to get to work.”
I gave him my best pouty face. “I was just trying to help you wash.”
He scoffed. “I am not fucking you again, Mandy. I have to go.” He released my wrists and went back to washing. 
I decided to give him a break. I grabbed the body wash and started washing as well. He washed quickly, and then he turned his attention to me. His expression darkened with excitement as I ran my soapy hands over my breasts. 
His eyes met mine. “You’re impossible.”
My eyes widened in surprise. “I’m just washing.”
“Uh huh.” He didn’t sound like he believed me for a second. He stepped out of the shower before I convinced him to stay. 
I smiled and finished washing. I climbed out, wrapping a towel around myself. I leaned in the doorway and watched him run around and dress. 
He glanced at me. “Your apartment has been cleared for you to move back in. I am having your mattress replaced this morning. If you and Lena would like to go back this evening, you can.”
“Okay, I will speak to her at lunch. Do I have a phone yet?” I asked trying to remain casual. I didn’t want to let him know I would be disappointed to leave his bed. 
He nodded as he quickly buttoned his shirt. “On the bedside table.” 
I dropped the towel and tossed it in the hamper. I walked over to the bedside table and picked up the phone. His eyes followed me. “Do I still need security?” I asked casually. 
“Yes, Carl will be available to give you rides and watch over you. He will be in Jack’s office.” His eyes remained locked on me as he continued to dress. I was pretty sure he was thinking some pretty naughty things. 
I set the phone down, and then I walked over and sat down on the edge of the bed. I smiled at him. “You look handsome as always.”
He smiled. “You’re being a pain. Do you know how hard it is for me to look at you naked and not do something about it?”
“Then do something about it,” I said playfully. I leaned back and spread my legs for him. 
He shook his head, but his eyes drifted to my pussy. I pressed my fingers to my clit and started to massage myself. The bulge in his pants told me he was enjoying the scene.
I moaned, throwing my head back. It felt so good. My pussy dampened as I teased myself into a fit of moans. He grabbed my legs, pushing them back. His cock impaled me, making me cry out. His dark eyes glared down at me as he started to thrust frantically. I won, and he was furious. He couldn’t walk away without fucking me. Pleasure rocked my body and I cried out panting. He groaned as he released. 
He reached down and grabbed a handful of my hair. I gasped in surprise when he pulled me into a sitting position by my hair. His face was inches from mine. “I want you out of my bed and out of my apartment by tonight. You are fucking up my schedule.” He pressed his lips to mine and kissed me, biting my lip as he did. He pushed me back down. He walked away, adjusting his clothes as he did. He left the room, obviously in a hurry to get to work.
I was breathless, and a little caught off guard by his anger and coldness. I couldn’t tell if he was playing or not. I had a feeling he wasn’t. I sighed as I sat up. I needed to get dressed anyway. I had a lunch date with Lena. 

Chapter 10

Lena was waiting at the restaurant when I walked in. She smiled when she saw me. “I like your dress.”
I hugged her. “Thanks, it’s one Nicholas got me.” I released her and took my seat across from her. 
Her eyes drifted to Carl standing not far from the entrance. “I see you still have security.”
I nodded. “Did you hear the apartment is ready?”
She nodded. “I will be glad to have our own space again. I love staying with Patrick, but it isn’t home. Everything there is his.”
I laughed. “I agree.”
She looked at me hesitantly. “So, you are okay with going back?”
I shrugged. “Nicholas is having my mattress replaced; so it will be fine.”
She looked relieved. “Good, like I said, I’m getting a little tired of living in a man cave.”
She turned the conversation to her and Patrick. She asked me a few questions about Nicholas, but I kept my answers vague. I wasn’t quite sure if he broke up with me this morning or not. It sounded like a breakup because he was kicking me out. I didn’t really know why he would have sex with me, and then break up with me. It didn’t really make sense. I decided I would just wait until he made the first move. 

After lunch, Lena and I went back to the apartment. My mattress was replaced, and it was complete with new silk sheets and down comforter. I checked my phone occasionally, but I didn’t hear anything from Nicholas. I wasn’t a girl that couldn’t take a hint. I was just going to leave him alone.
Around eight, I decided to take a bath. Surprisingly, Lena was still home as well. I was beginning to think she had enough of Patrick, or he had enough of her. I filled the tub with hot water and fragrant bubbles. I slid in the hot water and sighed as I relaxed. 
My thoughts drifted to Nicholas. I had my phone near the tub in case he decided to call. I wasn’t sure he would. He seemed a little fed up with me. The thought made me smile. He was so easy to rile up.
I heard my bedroom door open and close. Nicholas appeared in the doorway of the bathroom. He looked a little annoyed as he looked me over. “Is your phone broken?”
I shrugged. “Not that I am aware of. You’re the one who gave it to me; shouldn’t you know?”
He scowled slightly. “Why haven’t you called me today?”
“Why didn’t you call me?” I countered. I was a little confused now. He seemed upset that I didn’t call after what he said this morning.
“Women call men, men aren’t supposed to call women.” He was starting to raise his voice slightly. 
“Ah, I see. Well, normally women call men who they think want to be called. I didn’t think you wanted to be called.” I was trying not to smile because I knew it would annoy him more. 
He scoffed. “Women call regardless of what men want, unless they are women like you.”
I scowled slightly. “What is that supposed to mean?”
He shook his head. “Nothing, we need to talk.”
“About what?” I asked curiously.
His expression darkened. “Are you serious right now? About us of course, and what we are doing.”
I laughed. “We are currently doing nothing but bickering. I’m not sure if it is your time of month or what, but you are sending some very mixed signals.”
“I’m sending mixed signals?” he asked skeptically. “One minute you are fucking my brains out and the next you can’t even pick up the phone and call me.”
I sighed as I leaned back in the water. “I was trying to respect your space.”
He threw his hands in the air in annoyance. “That is my point. Women don’t do that. They push and they push until they get their way.”
“Maybe, I am not like normal women. Maybe I respect your boundaries. Do you want to get in?” I asked playfully changing the subject. I laid my leg across the rim of the bathtub giving him a peek.
He crossed his arms and glared at me. “I don’t want kids, I don’t want to meet your parents, and I will never ask you to marry me.”
I sighed as I poked at a bubble, and then I looked at him. “I don’t want kids either, I don’t have parents for you to meet, and marriage is overrated. Now will you get in here and fuck me?”
He looked a little caught off guard. He probably thought I would have a fit when he made demands. In fact, I was sure he was counting on me having a fit so he had an out. “Every woman wants kids and marriage, and where are your parents?”
I rolled my eyes. “Stop with the every woman bullshit. I am not every woman, and every woman doesn’t want marriage and kids. My parents are dead, and I was an only child; so you have no family to worry about meeting.”
He watched me for a moment like he was debating what his next move should be. He cussed and started to undress. He kept his dark gaze on me as he removed all his clothes and jewelry. He stepped into the bathtub and I immediately moved forward.
I settled on my knees in front of him. I grasped the base of his cock and covered his cock with my mouth. He groaned and tangled his fingers in my hair. I sucked and licked him, enjoying every moan that came from his lips. I felt his muscles tighten as he prepared for release. His moans filled the bathroom as his warm release flooded my mouth. I sucked on him until he was limp, then I moved away from him and settled back against the bathtub. 
He slid down in the water across from me. His eyes were hooded with pleasure as he watched me. “Do you mean everything you said?”
I smiled as I leaned back against the tub. “I do, at least at this point in my life. I’m not going to promise those feelings won’t change someday, but for now I like how things are.”
“What happened to your parents? I didn’t mean to be so cold when I mentioned them.” He sounded genuinely apologetic.
I didn’t really like talking about it, but he was someone I should be able to confide in. “Car accident when I was fourteen. I lived with Lena and her family until college. Lena is like a sister to me.” I decided not to mention my adoptive father, Edward. I wasn’t so sure he would like meeting Nicholas anyway. In a way, Nicholas reminded me of Edward. Slightly pushy, arrogant, and rich, but he cared for me. Edward was there during my worst days because he wanted to be, not because he had to be. He adopted me after my parents died, but I continued to live with Lena and her parents. He said it was better that way, but he supported me financially. He paid for the best private high school and the college of my choice. He was still always busy and out of town, but I saw him as much as possible. 
“I’m sorry,” he said after a minute, pulling me from my thoughts. He cleared his throat and continued. “My mother died when I was ten. She had cancer.”
I looked up from popping bubbles. I could tell it was a painful memory for him. “I’m sorry. What about your father?”
He shrugged. “He is around, somewhere. I haven’t spoken to him in years.”
It looked like the thought pained him. I was glad he was sharing with me. I moved forward and wrapped my arms around his neck. I pressed my body to his and kissed him playfully.
He ran his hands down my back and gently grasped my rear. I giggled as I continue to kiss him playfully. “You’re a goddess,” he murmured as he trailed kisses down my neck.
I laughed. “I am far from it. I am too short. I think goddess’s are supposed to be taller.”
 “Not my type of goddess. All you have to do is speak, and I am ready to bend to your will.” His hands continued to roam my body as he spoke.
I nipped at his lips playfully. “I like being yours.”
He smiled. “You are mine. I am glad we understand one another.” He nipped at my neck, making me giggle. “We should get out of here. I want to taste your pussy.”
His words made my cheeks redden. He could be so dirty sometimes. In this instance, I was all too happy to comply. I stood and stepped out of the bath. I wrapped a towel around myself, then I handed him one. I walked into the bedroom and dried off. I tossed the towel aside and climbed on the bed. I lay across the bed and smiled at him as he walked into the room. 
He tossed his towel aside. He stood at the end of my bed. His cock was fully erect. He was incredibly gorgeous. I almost couldn’t believe he was standing in my room. He stood watching me; his eyes scoured my body as if he was considering all the possibilities.
“You coming?” I asked playfully. I spread my legs, letting him know I was more than willing. He knew I was. He knew I loved being with him. 
He smiled as he climbed on the bed. “You will be coming in a minute.”
I blushed, biting my lip as I watched him settle between my thighs. He ran his hands along my thighs as he watched me. He lowered his mouth to my pussy. He slowly ran his tongue along my heated folds.
I gasped, as my nipples responded to his touch. My toes curled in excitement as the warm tendrils of pleasure flowed through me. I closed my eyes enjoying how his tongue and lips felt as he teased me. My cheeks started to burn as my body quickly responded. “Nicholas,” I murmured breathlessly. Saying his name excited me more. My body warmed as the muscles in my lower belly tightened in anticipation. I cried out digging my fingers into the plush mattress. 
He moved over me and pressed his lips to mine. His tongue filled my mouth. I could taste my release on his lips. “I love the taste of your pussy.” The excitement in his voice was evident. His words seemed so dirty, they made me blush more. 
His phone rang, startling us both. He cussed in annoyance. He climbed off the bed and hurried into the bathroom where his phone was. He was looking at it as he walked back out. He climbed back on the bed and set the phone on the nightstand. He pressed his lips to mine again, picking up where he left off. 
I giggled as I ran my hands over his ass. I pressed his hips into me. His cock slid between my slick, heated folds, but he didn’t penetrate me. 
His phone rang again and he cussed. “She is never going to quit calling,” he growled impatiently. 
“Who?” I asked distracting him with a kiss.
He kissed me for a moment, and then the phone started ringing again. He cussed breaking the kiss. “Jillian, she is driving me insane. I told her I would be at the club tonight.”
“Do you need to go?” I was careful to keep my tone even. I didn’t want him to go, but I wasn’t going to pout if he made plans. 
His dark eyes met mine, as I ran my fingers through his hair. “The woman I want is in this bed, not at the club. If you aren’t there, then I have no reason to be there.”
I smiled as I ran my leg up his. “You really know what to say to get laid, don’t you?”
He grinned. “It really isn’t hard to get you to fuck me.”
My eyes widened as I slapped his shoulder. “Are you saying I’m easy?”
His eyes sparkled with amusement. “Very,” he murmured as his lips covered mine. 
I giggled as I adjusted; so his cock slid against me. His cock slowly started to fill me. I moaned, moving my hips with his. His lips found mine again. I loved the taste of his mouth. He shifted slightly, covering my breast with his mouth. He sucked and rolled my nipple between his lips. His teeth gently raked my nipple making me cry out. My fingers tangled in his hair as he moved to my other breast. He was no longer inside me. All the pleasure he was giving me was through his lips.
He rolled me suddenly, taking me by surprise. “Hold the bed,” he ordered as he took my hands and wrapped them around the bars of the headboards. 
I was happy to comply. His body pressed against mine. His hard contours excited me. He pushed his cock back inside me from behind. The angle was more intense than it had been a few minutes earlier. 
“If you take your hands off the headboard, you will be punished.” His smooth, cool tone made his words have even more of an effect on me. 
I had a feeling he was going to do something that would make me want to remove my hands. He wanted to punish me, I was sure of it. He started off with a few aggressive thrusts. My pussy responded, moistening more. 
“Mmm, good girl,” he whispered in approval.
He shifted slightly. His cock pressed against my anus. My eyes widened as he started pushing inside me. I was so wet; he didn’t need any extra lubrication. His breath on my ear was enough to make me crazy. I fought to keep my hands wrapped around the headboard. 
“You have such a tight ass.” His excited voice sent shivers through me. He was making small thrusts, forcing my body to accept his girth. 
I closed my eyes. “Nicholas,” I moaned pulling against the headboard as he filled me more. He was going deeper than he had the previous night. The position we were in allowed him free reign.  
He lifted my hips, pushing my knees under me. He shifted, so he was sitting up behind me. He pushed forward, burying himself completely inside me. 
I was panting, trying not to beg him to stop. It didn’t hurt, but it was intense, so intense. He moved slowly, easing in and out of me. His hands held my hips firmly. He was torturing me on purpose. Once I relaxed, he picked up the pace. 
His excited grunts made me flush. I was close to release. My cheeks burned as my eyes widened. It was too much. I cried out refusing to let go of the bars. I was struggling as pleasure rocked my body. My thighs dampened as I released. “Please Nicholas!” I was pleading because I didn’t know what else to do. 
He laughed coldly. “Don’t let go lover. I am not nearly done.” He slowed his thrusts, trying to keep himself from coming. 
I cried in relief when he pulled his cock from my ass. I was panting. My body was wound so tight, I was gripping the headboard. The emptiness I felt was a slightly painful ache. I would definitely feel where he was in the morning. My body was humming as the remnants of pleasure continued to course through me. 
I felt him climb off the bed. He moved around the room, but I refused to move from the position and look. I knew he liked what was happening. I wanted to give him some of the pleasure he gave me. 
He moved up next to the bed. He gently slapped a cool leather belt across my ass. It was enough so I knew what it was, but not enough to even sting. 
“I want to use this on you. Can I?” His tone was cool and calm. I was surprised he was even asking.
I bit my lip and nodded. I could handle it, if it was what he liked. I wanted to do what he liked. I knew it was going to hurt, but he would never seriously harm me. I was sure of that. 
“I am going to hit you ten times. When I am done, I will fuck you again and make you feel good. Ready lover?” His voice was laced with excitement. He wanted to do this. He wanted to bring me pain. I thought I would be appalled by it, but I tolerated the spanking the other night and found I liked it. 
I nodded. The belt whistled through the air and I attempted to relax. The belt connected with my skin, making me cry out. The sting was intense, but I could handle it. 
“One,” he growled. The intense pleasure he was feeling was evident.
The belt hit me again, making me cry out. I tightened my grip on the bed. A thin sheen of sweat covered my skin. My belly clenched. I knew the hits would leave welts at least. He continued, after each hit he would call out the number. I found myself anticipating the last hit. The resounding slap of the final hit was painful and relieving. I cried out and my body sagged as I continued to hold the headboard. I was panting, and sweating from exertion. 
I heard the belt hit the floor, and he climbed on the bed behind me. He ran his hands over the burning welts on my backside. “I normally have to tie women down to do this. You didn’t let go once.” The approval in his voice excited me. He rubbed his hard cock against my wet pussy. He groaned. “Fuck, you liked it.” Before I could respond, he pushed his cock inside me. 
He was right, my pussy was soaking wet. My pussy clamped around his wide, hard shaft. He gently massaged my rear as he started to thrust. The pleasure and pain was a heady combination. I cried out as pleasure flowed through me. It took very little effort on his part. I was already so excited. 
“Damn, that was quick.” He moaned as he let go. He held my hips firmly thrusting until he was soft inside me.
He pulled me against him. I laid my head back against his chest. My hair was damp with sweat. My body was covered in a thin sheen of sweat. His body was also sweat covered, and cool to the touch. He shifted so he was lying against the pillows with me in his arms. I was completely relaxed. My body felt so heavy. My backside was still stinging, but it was nothing I couldn’t handle. 
He played with my hair as we laid together silently. “I didn’t hurt you did I?” He sounded a little worried.
I smiled lazily. “No, it felt really good. I feel like a lead weight now.”
He laughed. “I do too, but it feels good.” He kissed the top of my head.
I sighed. “I agree.” I laid, lounging in his arms. I hated to admit it, but I was crazy about him. I didn’t want to ever lose the feeling he gave me. All he had to do was look at me, and that was it. I was his. I wanted what he wanted, it didn’t matter how crazy it was. 
His phone rang again, breaking the silence. He made an annoyed noise as he reached for it. He looked at the screen. Jillian’s name flashed across the screen. I knew he didn’t want to answer, at least not while I was present. 
He finally relented, and answered. “Hello.” His tone reflected his annoyance. She had to know she was irritating him. I heard her say something, but I couldn’t make out what she said. “No, I changed my mind. I am busy tonight.” She said something else, and he listened. “I told you not to do that. I am not interested right now. I have to go. We will discuss this later.” He hung up without waiting for her to respond. He turned the sound off on his phone and set it aside. 
I ran my fingers over his chest as I peeked up at him. “You don’t have to change your plans because of me. If you need to go it won’t hurt my feelings.” 
His fingers brushed my cheek. “I don’t want to go.” His tone was firm and sure. The way he said it made my heart leap. He wanted to be with me. I was trying not to get too excited, but it was hard not to.
I pressed my lips to his, kissing him gently. I straddled his lap, tangling my fingers in his hair. I trailed kisses down his neck. He groaned as I kissed and nipped at his neck. His erection started to form again. I loved how he felt as I rubbed against him. 
“I cannot believe I can even get hard after all that.” His tone was playful as he grabbed my rear.
My rear was still a little sore, but it was a good kind of sore. I brushed my lips across his ear. “I like it when you’re hard.” I gently sucked on his earlobe and he groaned. I pressed my lips to his; kissing him aggressively. I shifted my hips slightly, and slid down onto his hard cock. I moved against him enjoying how he felt. I loved the feel of his thick hair between my fingers. He broke the kiss, and his lips trailed kisses down my neck to my breasts. 
He suddenly shifted, pinning me to the bed. His mouth covered my breast and I moaned. I moved my hips to the gentle rhythm of his thrusts. Tingling sensations rushed through me, making me moan. My nipples hardened as he continued to play with my breasts. My cheeks flushed, and the familiar rush of an orgasm took my breath away. As I cried out, he groaned, releasing with me. He collapsed over me, kissing me gently. He was being gentle and affectionate. I loved this side of him. 
He gently nuzzled and nipped at my neck making me giggle. He shifted so he was lying next to me. He lay next to me, and neither of us spoke. I was completely content lying in his arms.

Chapter 11

I woke up tangled in his arms. I looked over at the clock, it was a little after seven. I poked him gently. He groaned and opened his eyes. I smiled. “It’s after seven. Do you need to get up?”
He sighed. “Yes, but I don’t want to.”
I pressed my lips to his chest, kissing him gently. “I have to work at ten. What are your plans for the day?”
Before he could answer, there was a knock on my door. “Ms. Slater, I need to speak with Quinn.” Jack sounded annoyed and a little unsure. 
“Give me a second,” Nicholas called as he climbed out of the bed. He pulled his pants on, and then slipped out the door.
I was a little curious about what was going on. I was even more curious about how Jack got in my apartment. I was sure Lena let him in, or maybe he let himself in. 
“That son of a bitch!” Nicholas yelled from the other side of the door. Before I could do anything the bedroom door opened suddenly, making me jump. I pulled the sheet around myself as Nicholas charged into the room. “Where is it?” He was yelling as he started pulling things off my shelves. 
Jack quickly hurried in behind him. He glanced at me and quickly averted his eyes. He started looking through my things with Nicholas. 
I was so confused I couldn’t think straight enough to ask what was going on. Nicholas knocked some of my stuffed animals off the top of the bookshelf. He cussed as he yanked a black object down off the shelf. It had wiring. I knew that much because he ripped it out of the thing as he pulled it down from the shelf. “Fuck!” he yelled, and then he threw it on the floor making me jump.
A feeling of dread filled the pit of my stomach. “What is that?” I had a feeling I already knew by his reaction, but I was asking anyway. 
Nicholas didn’t respond. He pressed his palms to the wall and closed his eyes like he was trying to control his anger. 
Jack looked at me when Nicholas wouldn’t respond. “It’s a camera ma’am.” 
I felt myself pale as I registered what he said. I suddenly felt sick. “Who would put a camera there?” My voice didn’t even sound like my own. 
“Fuck!” Nicholas yelled again as he punched the wall, making me jump. He hit the wall so hard he put a hole through it. 
“We will threaten to sue. We will get it taken down.” Jack tried to sound reassuring as he spoke to Nicholas.
“Do what you can, quickly. I want everyone on this. I want to find that bastard.” Nicholas was furious. I never heard him sound like he did. His tone was scaring me, and he wasn’t even directing it at me. 
Jack nodded and hurried out. Nicholas still wouldn’t look at me. He was still leaning against the wall. He was breathing heavy like he was still furious.
I stood, pulling the sheet tighter around me. “Nicholas, what is going on?” 
He turned and looked at me. I was terrified of what he was going to say, but I knew it was coming. “He recorded everything we did last night and sold it to the media.”
I sat back down on the bed. “What?” My voice sounded hollow. I didn’t think I heard him right. I didn’t want to hear him right.
He made an annoyed noise. “A sex tape between a normally private billionaire and a college girl is going to be a fucking hit.” He walked over to where his shirt had been discarded the night before and pulled it on. “I have to go try to do damage control.”
I watched him a little uncertain. “What am I supposed to do?”
He glanced at me, and then looked away as he continued dressing. “Nothing, there is nothing you can do. Just don’t answer any of their questions.”
“Why would they ask me questions?” I was trying not to freak out, but it was getting difficult to stay calm. I blushed when I thought about what we did together. I didn’t want everyone seeing it. It would be mortifying to face people after that. 
He scowled as he checked to make sure he had everything. “Because they will. Just keep your mouth shut. I will handle this.” He walked out of the room before I could reply. 
The way he was talking to me was unusual, and it caught me off guard. I knew he was upset, but he sounded a little like he was angry with me. I cussed in annoyance and walked to the bathroom. I started the shower determined not to let his tone get me down. I needed to get ready for work anyway. 

I focused on getting dressed. Once I was ready, Carl was waiting for me. He was sitting on the couch browsing a magazine. He stood when I walked into the living room. Lena was already gone. I checked her room and she wasn’t there. I didn’t really feel like discussing anything that was happening. I wasn’t even sure what was happening. 
“Ready, ma’am?” Carl adjusted his coat as he watched me gather my things.
I nodded. “I am.”
He walked to the door and opened it for me. I walked out to the waiting car. He held the door for me and I slid in the backseat. I hated being driven around, but I liked the feeling of security. Carl set off for my work. I checked my phone. Nicholas hadn’t sent a text or called. I was wondering what was going on, but I wasn’t going to bother him. He was annoyed enough without me bothering him. 
The ride to work was short. Carl parked and we both climbed out. He followed me into the gallery. 
Meg looked up and smiled. “Good morning, dear.” She immediately went back to what she was doing. Obviously she hadn’t heard anything. I was terrified everyone had seen it, and I would have to explain. I wasn’t looking forward to it if it happened. I was hoping Nicholas could get things under control before anyone discovered who I was.

I spent the day doing my usual activities. My mind kept wandering to Nicholas, but he didn’t call. He acted like he was angry with me and that bothered me. 
I only had to work until six. I was way past ready to go home by the time Monica walked in. I was dreading her arrival in a way. I was waiting for someone to say something, but no one had yet. I was hoping that was a good thing. Maybe people didn’t see it. Maybe they didn’t know who I was. I hadn’t turned on the TV or browsed the news all day. I was terrified of what I might find. 
“Is everything okay, Mandy?” Monica was eyeing me like she sensed something was wrong, but luckily she didn’t know what.
I forced a smile and nodded. “Yeah, just a little tired.” I went over everything I had done for the day like I usually did. Meg had just returned an hour or so ago; so I figured I would catch Monica up before leaving. 
I gathered my things, and Carl was waiting for me at the door. He held the door for me like he always did. We walked to the car in relative silence. I still hadn’t heard from Nicholas, and at this point, I doubted I would. 
“Where to, ma’am,” Carl asked once I was seated. 
“I need to stop at the store before going home. There is a small market just around the corner from my apartment.” I figured I might as well put some food in the house. Lena and I hadn’t been home much lately; so there wasn’t much in the house.
He nodded and pulled into traffic. I looked at my phone again. The fact that he hadn’t messaged me or called was unsettling. I didn’t want to let it get to me, but it was. 
Carl parked in front of the market and followed me inside. It was odd having someone follow me like a faithful servant. It wasn’t something I think I would ever get used to. I just bought a few small things. I wasn’t in the mood for a lot of shopping. 
On the way to the apartment, my phone jingled. I was slightly disappointed to see it was Lena. Her message got right to the point.
Lena: “OMG, are you okay!” 
I replied as simply as I could. I didn’t want to assume I knew what she was talking about and make a fool out of myself. 
Me: “I’m fine, why?” 
Lena: “Patrick told me about the tape. I heard Quinn was furious.”
I sighed as I read the message. I didn’t know what Nicholas was because he still hadn’t called me. 
Me: “Everything is good here. I am sure he will get it handled. Will you be home tonight?” 
I figured I would ask if she would be home. I would have liked the company, but I doubted she would be.
Lena: “No, I have an event to go to with Patrick, but if you need me, call.” 
I sent her a quick acknowledgement and a goodbye just as Carl pulled up to my apartment. I climbed out, and Carl drove off. I was sure he or someone would be around. They would probably stalk the outside of my apartment like they usually did. 
I went inside and cooked myself dinner. I also managed to find a few things to clean. I always managed to clean when I got nervous or upset. I managed to make myself even more annoyed with Nicholas by going over everything in my head repeatedly. The more I thought about it the more I thought he was an ass. I was starting to go stir crazy in the apartment; so I decided to go out. Lena was busy; so I didn’t bother calling her. I thought a drink at one of the local bars sounded nice. I went to my room and dressed in a short, blue tank dress and boots with slight heels. I did light makeup just so I would get a free drink or two. I didn’t want Nicholas knowing where I was; so I had to leave without being noticed.
I could have been an adult about it and walked out the front door, but instead I climbed out the bathroom window where none of the guards would see me. I didn’t want them reporting my every move back to Nicholas. I was starting to feel caged and I didn’t like it. He didn’t want me knowing where he was; so I wasn’t going to tell him where I was.
Everything was pretty close to my apartment; so I only had to walk a few blocks to come to the small restaurants and lounges. I went into one of my favorites, a small Irish pub. A lot of people from the college campus hung out there. I liked the atmosphere of the place. It wasn’t crowded and overwhelming. It was just perfect for a relaxing night out.
I sat at the bar, and Billy, one of the bartenders immediately brought me a rum and coke, my favorite drink. He always served me and Lena when we came to the bar together. It seemed like ages since the last time we were out together, just the two of us. 
He smiled as he wiped the bar not far from me. “Where’s your sidekick?” 
I shrugged. “On a date.” I took a sip of my drink; trying to relax.
He laughed. “I guess that happens after a while.” He walked off to tend to another customer before I could respond.
I wasn’t a fan of drinking alone, but being at the busy bar beat being at home. I watched the football game on the TV, and listened to the conversations around me. I wasn’t exactly having the best time, but it was killing time, and that was all that mattered.
My phone vibrated after a while. I really didn’t expect to get any calls or texts. I knew Lena was busy and I was convinced Nicholas was just being an ass. Nicholas’s name popped up on the screen. 
I smiled when I read his text. 
Nicholas: “Where are you????” 
I decided to annoy him. 
Me: “Where are you?”
He text me back almost immediately. 
Nicholas: “Don’t play with me and don’t answer a question with a question.”
I wasn’t willing to give in so easily. I wanted to make him suffer a little. 
Me: “You don’t think I’m at my apartment?” 
Nicholas: “I know you aren’t because Carl is standing in your living room and you aren’t there.”
I decided to change the subject just to annoy him. 
Me: “Why is Carl in my living room?”
I waited for a reply, but I didn’t get one. I smiled slightly. I knew I probably annoyed him to the point that he didn’t want to talk to me anymore. I finished my drink then walked to the bathroom. I planned on ordering another drink once I returned. I did my business, and then fixed my makeup. 
I walked back out. Carl was standing at the bar. I wasn’t surprised. I was sure he would send him for me. I kind of thought he might come himself, but apparently he had better things to do.
I took my seat next to Carl. “I’m not leaving.” Billy set another drink in front of me.
“He wants me to take you to the club. He would have come himself, but he can’t get away.” Carl sounded a little unsure like he was worried I would cause a scene. 
I sighed in annoyance. I wanted to be difficult, but I wanted to see Nicholas too. “Fine.” I grabbed my purse and hopped off the barstool. I was feeling pretty good, but I wasn’t drunk. 
Carl led the way, and I followed him. He held the back door of the car open for me and I slid in. He hurried to his side and climbed in. The drive to the club wasn’t far. I waited silently. I was slightly worried Nicholas would be angry with me, but then again it was his fault. He was the one who stormed off this morning and hadn’t called since. 
Carl parked in front of the club. He hurried over to me and opened my door. I climbed out and waited for him to shut the door. I had only been in the club once, and I wasn’t really in a hurry to go back inside, but Nicholas was there.
The doorman immediately held the door for Carl. I followed him in. Once we entered the main part of the club, Carl looked at me. “He is in room two on the private side.”
I rolled my eyes. “Great.” He was obviously in a mood. He was already in one of the playrooms. I was sure he intended to tie me up and spank me, not necessarily in that order. As I walked toward the private rooms, I realized I was turned on by the thought of him. I hated and loved how he made me feel. I hadn’t even seen him yet, and I wanted him. 
I stopped in front of room two. My pulse quickened as my fingers touched the door handle. I was trying to gather my courage. I was excited and nervous at the same time. I opened the door and stepped into the dimly lit room.
Nicholas was sitting on the end of the bed. He was fully dressed in a tuxedo. He had obviously been at some event or party. He had a glass in one hand. I was sure it had his favorite, scotch in it. His expression suggested he was annoyed. Then again, that was always his expression. 
I closed the door and leaned against it. “You called?” I kept my tone as playful as I could manage.
The slight glimmer in his eyes suggested he was definitely annoyed with me, but I knew I could quickly change that. “You left without security.”
I sighed as I slowly moved toward him. “Somehow, I think you’re angrier that you couldn’t keep tabs on me, or maybe it was because I was at a bar flirting for free drinks.”
He scoffed. “I am not jealous. I have never been jealous. You are just another girl.” His tone was definitely annoyed. 
I was sure he thought he would hurt my feelings with his words, but I wasn’t going to let him. I knew better. I knew how he looked at me and touched me, even if he insisted on fighting it. I smiled as I stopped in front of him. I reached out and ran my fingers through his hair. His expression changed slightly, but he was trying to hide it. I trailed my fingers along his jaw as I removed the glass from his hand with my free hand. I walked over to the dresser and set the glass down. I walked back over to him and straddled his lap. 
He was still watching me with his blazing brown eyes. “I’m not having sex with you. Did you ever consider maybe I want to breakup, and that is why I called you here?” His tone was clipped and cold. He was really trying to be an ass. 
I giggled as I leaned into him and kissed his neck. “Breakup? Darling we aren’t together. What exactly is there to breakup?” I wasn’t sure if the alcohol was helping, but I felt braver than usual. “You look incredible in the tux by the way.” I smiled sweetly as I peeled his jacket off his shoulders. His cock was fully erect under me. He couldn’t deny he wanted me; just like I couldn’t pretend I didn’t want him. 
I pressed my lips to his. He groaned in annoyance as he allowed me to kiss him. His hands went to my ass. He kissed me hungrily as I pressed my body to his. I could feel his cock ready and wanting. I was panty-less. All I had to do was free him and he would be inside me. The thought excited me more. My fingers went to the belt and button on his slacks. I quickly undid his pants. 
He suddenly broke this kiss grabbing my shoulders firmly. “No, we are not doing this. We are supposed to talk, not fuck.”
I laughed. “You and I don’t do well talking. Besides, I went panty-less all night in anticipation of seeing you.” I grasped his cock squeezing him in my hand. He groaned excitedly. “And don’t tell me you don’t want it.”
He glared at me, but he kept his lips pressed together. I smiled sweetly as I slid down his lap; so I was on my knees in front of him. I pressed my lips to his cock. I slowly covered him with my lips. I sucked on him gently; slowly teasing him. His body seemed to relax. He closed his eyes as I continued to tease him. His protests had pretty much stopped. He liked what I was doing. I waited until I had him good and worked up, and then I slowly stood. I pushed him back, so he was lying on the bed. 
“Amanda,” he growled. He was trying to sound serious, but I didn’t care. 
I straddled his lap and pressed my finger to his lips. “You want this as much as I do. You can talk later.” He quit talking, and watched me. I ran my hands along his chest as I straightened. I moaned as I slid down onto his hard cock. 
He cussed as his hands went to my hips. I was wet and needy, but he was still such a tight fit. I moved slowly easing him in and out of me. I was slowly trying to adjust to his size. I became more aggressive, pushing his cock as deep inside me as he would go. I tangled my fingers into his shirt, holding him for leverage. 
Suddenly, he sat up, pulling me tightly against him. His mouth found mine. Our tongues tangled together as I grabbed handfuls of his hair. He felt so good; all I could think about was him. His scent and taste overwhelmed my senses. His cock hit me deep making me moan. His strong hands held me tightly, grinding my body into his. 
“I love your cock,” I murmured against his lips. 
He looked at me. “Is that all you love about me, Amanda?”
I smiled as I gently kissed his neck. “I love your hair, your lips …” I groaned. “Your hands.”
“Is that all?” He continued to insist. He kissed my neck. His breath on my skin made my body respond. 
The sudden rush of pleasure and excitement overwhelmed me. I wanted to cry out that I loved him. I did love him as silly as it was. I loved everything about him and that scared and excited me. 
Before I could say anything, the door opened. Jillian stood there, making Nicholas and I pause. 
Jillian glared at Nicholas. “What are you doing? You were supposed to be breaking up with her.” She actually sounded offended. 
Nicholas scowled. “Jillian leave.” 
“No! She is ruining you, Quinn. This is not you! I will not stand by and let this little whore ruin everything you are!” She was yelling at both of us. 
I was in shock at first, and then I started getting angry. “Who do you think you are?” I snapped as I climbed off Nicholas’s lap. The moment was gone. I was no longer in the throes of passion. I was just pissed off now. 
Nicholas cussed as he fought to cover himself. “Amanda, I will handle her.”
I scoffed. “You will not. She has no right to call me of all people a whore!” I glared at her. Her eyes were on Nicholas. She was making no move to avert them. 
“You aren’t using a condom with her?” Jillian actually sounded hurt and disappointed. “How do you know she isn’t trying to get pregnant? She will ruin you, Quinn!”
“Jillian stop! She is not a whore! She is not trying to ruin me, and I don’t appreciate this intrusion!” He was actually yelling at her.
Her eyes teared up as she looked at him. “You said …” she started, but he cut her off.
“My relationship with Amanda is none of your business, Jillian. You have gone too far with this. I appreciate that you want to protect me, but …”
“You said she was just a fling! Just a hot fuck! You said you were breaking up with her, but here you are fucking her again! She has complete control of you, Quinn!” Jillian was back to yelling at him. 
I was furious. I didn’t want to hear anymore. If he was so determined to breakup, then I would help him with that. I didn’t know what to say to either of them; I was speechless. I turned and walked out the door.
“Amanda!” Nicholas called after me. 
I hurried through the club trying to make it to the exit. Someone caught my wrist. I turned and glared at Nicholas. “Leave me alone!” I attempted to smack him with my free hand, but he caught my wrist and pinned me to the wall. 
“Don’t run from me.” His tone was both annoyed and aggressive. 
I scoffed. “I am not running. I am giving you what you want. Don’t call me and I won’t call you!” I went to pull away, but he tightened his hold on me. 
“Please, Amanda.” His desperate tone made me hesitate. He cupped my cheek. “I don’t know what I have been thinking. I will admit I am scared of this.”
I looked at him confused. “What are you scared of?”
He hesitated as he watched me. “I’m afraid of you. I’m afraid of how you make me feel. You make me say and do things that I …” he trailed off like he didn’t know what to say. 
I watched him, unsure of what I should say. Should I tell him how I feel, or would that scare him? I looked away trying to decide what to say. My eyes landed on Jillian. She was standing at the bar watching us. Her eyes on him angered me. I suddenly felt possessive. I didn’t want to leave him with her. She was obviously trying to convince him to leave me.
“Say something,” he begged as he pressed his body to mine.
I looked at him. I made up my mind. I was going to be honest with him. I didn’t care if he didn’t feel the same way. “I am in love with you, Nicholas.” He hesitated and released his hold on me. I straightened sticking my chin out defiantly. “I am in love with you, and I don’t care what you or your stupid friends think, but just so you know I think you want me to love you. You asked me in the room to say it; so I’m saying it.”
“Amanda, I didn’t mean …” he trailed off.
“I don’t care what you meant. I am telling you how I feel. If you want to breakup with me because Jillian doesn’t approve, then fine. I am not ashamed of telling you how I feel. I’m not ashamed of feeling this way for you either, but maybe I should be.” 
He continued to watch me, but he didn’t say anything. The silence was enough for me. I didn’t need him to confirm my fears. I turned and continued toward the exit. He didn’t try to stop me this time. I didn’t think he would. It was obvious saying what I felt was too much for him. He didn’t feel the same way, he never did. 
I felt that familiar feeling like I had been punched in the stomach, but I managed to keep it together. I hailed a taxi and gave him directions to my apartment. I knew this was coming. If I was smart, I would have known it was over before it began. Nicholas wasn’t prince charming no matter how much I wanted him to be. 
The taxi pulled up to my apartment. The lights were on; which surprised me. I was slightly worried that it was the creep who had been bothering me, but I decided I didn’t care. I paid the cabby, and then I climbed out and hurried toward the door. 
I walked in and Lena was standing near the counter. Her expression told me there was something wrong. Movement out of the corner of my eye made me look toward the couch. John, Edward’s right hand man slowly got to his feet. A small pang of panic rushed over me. 
“What happened? What is wrong?” I was suddenly terrified. I knew something bad happened to Edward. John didn’t come around without Edward. Lena hurried to my side and took my hand, making me want to panic more.
“Ms. Slater, Mr. Carver was in a car accident. He is seriously hurt …” He hesitated like he was waiting for my reaction.
“Where is he?” I demanded. I was terrified, and a little angry no one called. I could have been at his side sooner.
“He is at the hospital here in town. He was planning to surprise you with a visit.” He sounded grim. He sounded almost like Edward was already dead. 
“Take me to him.” I hurried to the door and rushed out. I knew the black SUV was John’s. 
He hurried after me, and Lena followed as well. I climbed into the passenger seat and Lena got in the backseat. John got in the driver’s seat and immediately set off. He wasn’t wasting any time. 
I remained silent. The drive only lasted a few minutes, but it seemed like an eternity. I couldn’t think about anything but Edward. I was worried they would tell me the worst as soon as I arrived. I wasn’t sure I could handle it. Tears rolled silently down my cheeks. 
I barely waited for John to park before I was out of the truck and hurrying toward the elevator. I didn’t want to wait any longer. John and Lena caught up. John pushed the button for the floor we needed. 
The doors opened and I realized it was the surgical floor. He was already in surgery. 
“You are listed as his next of kin; so you will need to sign some paperwork. He is in bad shape.” John sounded grimmer than before. 
I didn’t want to hear it. I tried to tell myself he was just being overdramatic. “Can I see him?” My voice sounded odd even to me.
John shook his head. “He is in surgery. All we can do is wait.”
I followed John to the nurse’s station and I was directed to sign a bunch of forms. They gave me a small box with Edward’s jewelry. They didn’t want it lost or stolen in the chaos. John directed me to a private waiting room. I didn’t want to wait. I wanted to be told he was fine. 
I sat down, clinging to the small box. Lena sat next to me and put her arm around me protectively. “He will be fine. Edward is stubborn.”
I took a deep breath. Fresh tears rolled down my cheeks. All I could do was wait, and I hated it.

Chapter 12

John remained in the room with us. He was watching over us like a faithful sentinel. I kept my eyes glued on the little box in my lap. I didn’t want to go through this again. Lena remained silent. She knew there was very little she could say to make it better. 
John’s phone went off, pulling me from my trance. He quickly picked it up and answered. He furrowed his brow, gave a terse reply, and hung up. “I will be back.” His tone was gruff and annoyed like he didn’t want to deal with whatever the problem was.
“Do you want me to call Quinn?” Lena offered.
I felt my chest tighten at the mention of his name. I shook my head. “We aren’t seeing each other anymore.” I couldn’t believe I managed to speak without breaking out into a full on sob. 
“I’m sorry, Mandy.” Lena sounded like she regretted bringing him up.
I shook my head. “It happened tonight before all this. You couldn’t have known.”
She sighed. “Well if it makes you feel better Patrick and I sort of broke up too.”
“I’m sorry,” I murmured. I wasn’t really interested. I would have been had the circumstances been different.
Lena patted my hand, and then went back to being silent. The minutes seemed like hours and I hated it. I at least wanted an update.
The door opened, and John walked back in the room. “Ms. Slater, Mr. Carver’s son is here. He is demanding an update on his father. I told him you don’t know anything yet, but he is insisting on talking to you.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. I knew Edward had a son, but they were estranged. I never met him. I didn’t even know his name. Edward was very tight lipped about him. I didn’t pry because I figured it was none of my business. 
“I don’t know what he wants me to say,” I said confused.
John scowled slightly. “He was more offended that his father adopted you and appointed you as his next of kin and heir.”
I sighed as I slowly stood. “I suppose I could speak to him, but I don’t know what to say.”
John opened the door and held it for me and Lena. I waited for John to lead the way. I followed him down the hall toward the main desk. We turned the corner and I hesitated. Quinn was standing there next to Patrick. He was waving his hands and speaking in an annoyed whisper. He wasn’t being loud, but he had everyone’s attention. It was obvious he was angry. He was the only person standing there not wearing a uniform, other than Patrick.
“You have to be kidding me.” Lena’s shocked voice echoed my thoughts. “I knew Quinn looked familiar.”
“Nicholas Quinn is Edward’s son?” I wasn’t speaking to anyone in particular. My voice was distant even to me. It all seemed like a bad dream.
“Yes, and he is twice the pain in the ass,” John growled.
I considered running and hiding. I was standing frozen in place. Before I could make up my mind, Nicholas’s furious brown gaze fell on me. I suddenly felt like I couldn’t breathe.
Nicholas’s expression softened slightly. He hurried toward me. I couldn’t keep my eyes off him. I was frozen. “Amanda, what are you doing here?” He cupped my chin gently as he searched my eyes. “Are you okay?” He was genuinely worried. 
“You know each other?” The disapproval in John’s voice was evident. 
Nicholas shifted his gaze to John like he just noticed his presence. Nicholas’s expression changed when he suddenly realized why I was there. His hand fell to his side as he looked down at me. “You’re my father’s adopted daughter?” 
“Oh boy.” Patrick sounded both concerned and slightly amused. 
I wasn’t entirely sure if it was a statement or a question. “I didn’t know you were his son.” I figured I would start out by claiming ignorance. 
His expression darkened. “I can’t believe this.” The anger in his voice made my pulse quicken.
Lena suddenly spoke, catching my attention. “It doesn’t matter right now. We are all here for Edward. We can figure out the rest later once he is better.”
Nicholas looked at her. “If he gets better.”
“Don’t say that!” I snapped. I was suddenly angry at the way he was acting. “Why are you here? Edward said you wouldn’t speak to him.”
“For good reason, obviously.” Nicholas sounded so angry. I wasn’t sure if I could take his tone much longer.
I took a breath trying not to lose my cool. “I’m going back to the waiting room to wait for an update. You’re welcome to join me.” I didn’t wait for him to reply. I wasn’t going to argue with him. I turned and walked back the way I had come. 
I was suddenly numb. I could barely think straight. This all felt like a bad dream. I didn’t know a whole lot about Edward’s life before I met him. I never imagined Nicholas was his son. I walked back into the waiting room and sat down. The more I thought about it, the more I realized they were both very similar. Maybe I had just been blind. Their last names were different too. There is no way I could have known. 
The door opened and I looked up. Nicholas walked in followed by Patrick, John, and Lena. Lena hurried over to sit next to me. Patrick and Nicholas sat across the room from us, and John took up his usual position not far from us. 
“Wow, this is awkward,” Lena whispered after a few minutes.
I sighed. “You don’t have to tell me.” I was dreading telling Edward that I was seeing his son; if I got to tell him. The thought made fresh tears roll down my cheeks. I didn’t care; I just wanted to speak to him again even if he was mad at me.
Someone put a jacket around me. I looked up at Nicholas a little startled. I was so deep in thought, I didn’t notice him approach. His expression was considerably softer, like he was calling a truce. He lifted me out of the chair startling me a little. He sat down and set me in his lap. He wrapped his arms around me, pulling me close. 
I closed my eyes nestling against him. The scent of his cologne was on his jacket. I immediately relaxed in his arms. He remained silent, but he held me tightly. 
After what seemed like an eternity, the door finally opened. I jumped out of Nicholas’s lap as several doctors filed in the room. I felt Nicholas stand up behind me.
The lead doctor looked at his board. “Ms. Slater?”
“Yes.” I sounded breathless. I didn’t like how many people were now in the room. They made it seem like they were bringing me terrible news. Lena obviously sensed my fear because she moved closer to me and looped her arm around my waist. 
“I am Dr. Snider.” He offered me his hand. 
I shook his hand. “How is my father?” I asked hoping to cut to the chase. 
He smiled, making me relax a little. “Your father is out of surgery. He is doing better than expected. Hopefully over the next couple days we will see more improvement. We have done all we can. Now all we can do is wait.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat. It was better news than what I was expecting. “Can I see him?”
Dr. Snider nodded. “In a little while, once he is moved to the ICU. One of the nurses will come get you.”
“Thank you.” I was relieved, but still terrified. He wasn’t out of the woods yet, but the doctor sounded hopeful. They all filed out of the room, leaving us alone again. I turned in Lena’s arms and embraced her tighter. 
Lena patted my back. “You should go home and get some rest, Mandy.”
I shook my head as I pulled away. “I want to see him. I am fine here.”
“Lena, let’s go get some coffee for everyone,” Patrick suggested. 
Lena looked at him. She looked like she wanted to protest, but then decided against it. “Okay, that might be a good idea.”
She took Patrick’s hand. Patrick looked at John. “You can come help us,” he said pointedly.
John’s eyebrows shot up. He knew Patrick was trying to get me and Nicholas alone. He looked at me. 
I forced a small smile. “I will be okay.”
He still didn’t look like he wanted to leave. “You have my number if you need me back.” He eyed Nicholas as he followed Lena and Patrick out. 
Now that we were alone I could feel the tension in the room. I was sure it was there the whole time, but I was distracted by worrying about Edward. I shot Nicholas a nervous glance before sitting back in my chair. “I hope it’s not long before we can see him.”
Nicholas walked to the other side of the room like he was trying to put distance between us. He crossed his arms and leaned against the wall. “I’m still not sure I want to see him.”
I looked at him startled. “Why are you here then?”
He shrugged. He was wearing the usual emotionless mask he did when he was trying to be a pain. “At first, it was out of some fucked up obligation since I am his son, then I stayed because of you.”
I looked down at my hands. “You don’t have to stay for me.”
He sighed tiredly, and ran his fingers through his hair. “I wasn’t doing anything anyway, and I still care about you, Mandy.”  
His words hurt, and I didn’t really understand why. He cared about me … that was it … I wanted more. I knew it was stupid of me to even think I could have more with him. Now things were even more messed up. He was Edward’s son. Edward was all I had. He didn’t get along with Nicholas. I didn’t know why they didn’t. All I knew was they hated each other. 
I looked at Nicholas hoping he would give me some answers. “Why are you and Edward estranged?” 
He held my gaze for a moment, and then he looked away and shrugged. “A lot of reasons. I am sure you would think they were petty. How did you meet him? How in the hell did he end up adopting you?”
I looked back down at my hands thinking about the day I met him. I knew Nicholas wasn’t going to tell me more about his relationship with Edward; so I thought maybe if I told him mine, he would be more open. “He was there the night my parents passed. My parents died almost instantly in the crash. I was hurt, but not severely. Edward pulled me out of the car and stayed with me until rescue workers got there. He stayed with me when I was taken to the hospital. I was terrified. I knew my parents were dead even though no one would confirm it. I knew by the looks everyone kept giving me. I figured he would leave at some point, but he never did. I had Lena’s family of course, but he asked to adopt me anyway. Everyone agreed, so he adopted me. I still stayed with Lena’s family because he was busy and didn’t have time for a teenage girl, but he supported me financially and he continued to visit me as much as twice a week when his schedule allowed.”
I looked up at Nicholas when I finished my story. He was watching me intently. I couldn’t read the expression on his face. “Edward doesn’t do anything for no reason. There had to be a reason.”
I looked at him confused. “Is it so hard to believe he may just be a good man?”
Nicholas scoffed. “It is extremely hard to believe. You don’t know him like I do.”
I shook my head as I looked away. “It’s obvious I am not going to change your opinion, just like you aren’t going to change mine.”
We both remained silent. I hated that we had nothing to say to one another. I was too tired to make idle conversation, and he seemed to be lost in his own thoughts. 
The door opened. Patrick, Lena, and John walked in the room. 
Patrick looked slightly disappointed as he looked from Nicholas to me, then back at Nicholas. “Well this is disappointing. We were hoping to walk in on you two ripping each other’s clothes off, but you’re both further away from each other than when you started.”
I smiled at Patrick. “It’s not quite the right setting for that Patrick.”
Nicholas was scowling at his friend. “We aren’t a couple of horny teenagers, Patrick.”
Patrick rolled his eyes as he sat down in his seat. “Suit yourselves, I tried.” He motioned for Lena, and she hurried over to him and sat in his lap.
I gave her a questioning look and she smiled shyly. Obviously they weren’t that broken up. I suddenly found myself a little jealous. 
John offered me a coffee. I smiled slightly at him as I accepted. I tried to focus on it instead of everything I was feeling. 
After a few minutes, the door opened again and Jillian rushed in followed by Fredrick. She headed straight for Nicholas. I was sitting off to the side; so I doubted she even saw me yet. 
“We came as soon as we heard. You should have called us sooner.” Jillian was fawning over Nicholas. She was touching his chest as she gave him a worried look.
Nicholas scowled slightly like they were not necessarily invited. I was just glad to see he wasn’t completely receptive to her. “It is not a big deal,” Nicholas said coldly. “I shouldn’t even be here.”
“Then why are you?” Jillian asked confused. 
Nicholas glanced at me. I wasn’t sure if he meant to or not, but he drew Jillian’s attention to me. 
Her expression went from worried, to enraged as soon as she laid eyes on me. “Just who do you think you are forcing him to be here? He has nothing but contempt for his father. Do you think by forcing Quinn to be here you can make him make amends with that man?”
I slowly stood. I needed to get out of the room before I turned her face into a punching bag. She had no idea what was going on, but of course she assumed she knew everything. “No one is making him stay here. That is his choice. Last I checked, he was a grown man, but I could be wrong.” I walked to the door determined to avoid a fight, I wasn’t in the mood to for.
“I will come with you,” John offered. I just nodded in response. He opened the door for me, and I slipped past him into the hall.
We walked across to the windows that overlooked the city. I sat on one of the benches, slightly turned so I could take in the view. 
“How serious are you with Nicholas?” John asked after a few minutes.
“Not very,” I said flatly. As far as I knew we were nothing anymore.
He cleared his throat and shifted nervously next to me. “I don’t mean to intrude in your life or anything, but it seems serious to me. There are very few forces in this world that can change Nicholas’s mind.” 
I scoffed. “I haven’t changed anything. All I have done is wasted my time.” I looked over at him. “I honestly didn’t know he was Edward’s son.”
He nodded. “I believe you. I saw the shock on both of your faces. I am sure it will shock Edward too.”
I watched him for a minute, and then I looked away. “I don’t think we should tell him,” I said quickly. “At least not at first.”
“I don’t like lying to him, Mandy, you know that,” he said firmly.
I looked back at him. I knew he was fiercely loyal to Edward. “I didn’t ask you to lie. If he asks you directly, then tell him. If not, then please just leave it alone.”
He held my gaze for a moment, and then gave me a brief nod. “I will agree to that.”
I was a little relieved. “Thank you,” I murmured as I looked back over the city.
The waiting room door slammed open, and then there was a string of fowl names. Lena came marching out, hands balled into fists. Her face was red and contorted with anger. “That slimy bitch! I don’t know how they put up with her!” 
I bit my lip trying to keep from smiling. Obviously Lena got a full dose of Jillian. “She’s nice isn’t she?”
Lena scoffed. “That twat actually accused you of trying to entrap Quinn. She claims you are trying to get pregnant, and that you intentionally met him as some grand scheme to get him to make amends with his father! I want to punch her so fucking bad!” Lena slumped down in the chair next to me.
I sighed. “She wouldn’t be worth breaking your nail.”
“I would break every nail if it meant I could rearrange that bitch’s face,” Lena growled.
John smiled, shaking his head. “Remind me not to piss you off.”
One of the nurses I met at the front desk came walking down the corridor. She smiled when she saw me. “Ms. Slater, they’ve moved him to the ICU on the tenth floor. You can go to that waiting room if you would like. It shouldn’t be much longer and you can see him.”
I stood, relieved. “Thank you.”
She nodded, and then walked to the waiting room. I was sure she was going to let Nicholas know too. Nicholas, Patrick, Jillian, and Fredrick came out of the waiting room. They walked to the elevator.
“I’m taking the stairs,” I muttered. I walked to the stairwell; which wasn’t far from the elevator. 
“I’ll see you up there,” Lena said as she hugged me. She was obviously opting for the elevator. I wouldn’t be able to stay in that small of a space with Jillian. 
I nodded and headed into the stairwell. John followed me like I knew he would. My feet were killing me and my dress was not exactly appropriate. I was still wearing Nicholas’s jacket. I wasn’t sure if I was wearing it because it was warm, or because it smelled like him and that gave me some comfort. 
I stepped out of the stairwell. The shades in the waiting room were all open. I could see the others were already inside. I walked to the front desk to let the nurses know I was here, and then I walked over to a separate waiting area and took a seat. 
“Don’t feel like being social?” John asked as he took a seat next to me.
I slumped in my chair. “Nope.” I grabbed a random magazine and attempted to focus on it. I couldn’t. Everything was blending together, and I couldn’t think straight. 
After almost an hour a nurse came over to me. “You can go back now, Ms. Slater.”
I got to my feet as the others came out of the waiting room. The nurse glanced at them, and then looked at me. “Three at a time, and they have to have your permission.”
I nodded, and then looked at John. “Are you coming?” 
He nodded. “I would like to.”
I looked over at Nicholas; his jaw was set like he was annoyed. “What about you?”
He gave me a quick nod. 
Lena smiled trying to reassure me. “We will be here when you get out.”
I nodded, and then turned toward the nurse. “Right this way.” She turned and started down the hall, back the way she had come. Nicholas walked silently beside me, and John brought up the rear.
I heard the machines before we even entered the room. I gave myself a pep talk, trying to prepare for what I would see. Edward was lying in the bed. He looked smaller then I remember. I wasn’t sure if it was everything he was hooked to, or if he was actually smaller. It wasn’t that long ago that I saw him. 
I hurried to his side and took his hand. His hand was cool to the touch; which bothered me. He was always so warm when he hugged me. John moved up to his other side. Nicholas seemed to hang back. 
Fresh tears rolled down my cheeks. He looked terrible. I wasn’t about to pretend everything was okay. I wanted to be optimistic about what the doctors said, but now that I was looking at him, I wasn’t so sure.
Nicholas moved up behind me. He wrapped his arms around me and buried his nose in my hair. My body immediately relaxed against him. I turned in his arms. I buried my face in his chest and sobbed. I held fistfuls of his shirt as I tried to control the tears. I was angry. This couldn’t be happening again. My parents were taken from me, and now Edward.
“He will be fine, baby. I know my father and he is one tough bastard.” Nicholas’s tone was soft. He was trying to comfort me. 
He held me until I calmed down. I remained in his arms for a few minutes. I just liked the affect his touch had on me. I slowly pulled away from him once I felt a bit stronger. I took Edwards hand again. I stood there for a while; I wasn’t sure how long.
Nicholas put his hands on my shoulders. “We have to leave for a while babe. They have some tests to run.” Nicholas’s voice pulled me out of my trance.
I nodded and he led me out of the room. We walked back into the main hall. I was a little disappointed to see Jillian was still waiting, and to make matters worse, Rebecca was standing next to her.
“Damn,” Nicholas muttered. 
I pulled away from him. He reluctantly released me, and I went to Lena. She embraced me and fresh tears rolled down my cheeks. “He looks so bad.”
“It’s okay honey,” she murmured. “He is so strong.” Lena’s words brought me a little comfort. I knew she was right. Edward was strong.
John moved up next to me. He placed his hand on the small of my back. “We should get some rest. He won’t wake up for a couple days and it will be a few hours before they are done doing tests anyway.”
I shook my head. “I don’t want to leave. What if something happens when I am gone?” I wanted to be here if he got worse or better. 
Nicholas moved closer and pulled me against him possessively. “You can come to my apartment. It is only a few blocks from here.”
John scowled as he let his hand drop off my lower back. “Her apartment isn’t that far from here.”
“It’s further than mine,” Nicholas countered. “Plus I have an extra room if you would like to stay there. She doesn’t have a big enough place to accommodate you.”
John looked a little startled by his offer. I was a little surprised myself. I didn’t think Nicholas would be that friendly. I had a feeling it has a lot to do with his plan to convince me to stay with him. 
John looked at me. “I will leave it up to you, Mandy.”
I sighed. “He is closer, and you need a bed to sleep in. All I have is a couch.”
He nodded, and then looked at Nicholas. “Your place it is.”
Nicholas kept his arm around me as he led me toward the elevators. I considered taking the stairs again because Jillian, Fredrick, and Rebecca were present. I thought better of it when I realized how tired I was. I just remained buried in Nicholas’s side until we made it to the waiting SUV. 
Lena promised to call me, and then the others went their own way. John climbed in the front seat. Nicholas opened the rear door for me and I climbed in. Nicholas climbed in next to me. Jack was driving. 
“To my apartment, Jack,” Nicholas said quietly as he pulled me into his lap.
Jack nodded, and then headed for Nicholas’s apartment. 
The ride was silent and uneventful. I was actually glad it was. I didn’t feel like discussing anything. I was exhausted and sad. 
Jack let us all out at the entrance. Nicholas led me inside his apartment building. John trailed behind us. Part of me was glad I was going home with him. I didn’t want to be alone tonight. 
Marie was waiting for us when we stepped into the apartment. Nicholas instructed her to show John to the guest room. She nodded and turned her attention to John. John glanced at me before following her up the stairs to the guest room. 
Nicholas silently took my hand and we followed them up the stairs. He led me past the guest room to his bedroom. He led me inside, and then released my hand. He walked to the door and locked it, and then he looked at me. “I’m going to start a shower.”
I nodded as I sat down on the edge of his bed. He walked into the bathroom. I heard him start the shower. After a few minutes, he walked back out. He was shirtless. He kicked his shoes off, and then walked over to me. He knelt in front of me and undid each of my boots, removing them. He stood and offered me his hands.
I slipped my hands in his. He pulled me up to my feet. He slid his coat off my shoulders. He wrapped his arms around me and unzipped my dress. I peeked up at him curiously. He was closer to me than he actually needed to be. I had a feeling he wanted more than to just help me. His lips brushed mine as he let my dress drop. His fingers trailed along my jaw.
My fingers went to the buckle on his slacks. I quickly unfastened his pants, and then let them slide to the floor. I wrapped my arms around him, pressing my body to his. A small gasp escaped his lips. His erection pressed against my belly. His skin was hot against mine. I loved how he felt. I could have stood holding him like this all night.
“Come on, baby.” His voice was a husky whisper. He was feeling the same way I was. I released him slowly. He took my hand and led me into the bathroom. I stepped into the shower. He followed me in. He moved up behind me and wrapped his arms around me.
He gently kissed my neck. “Can we forget about tonight for a couple hours? Let me have you, Mandy.”
I closed my eyes and nodded, as I relaxed into his arms. I needed him. I didn’t care about what happened. I just wanted to be close to him. I turned in his arms and pulled him down into a kiss. His tongue invaded my mouth. I tangled my fingers in his hair as his kiss consumed me. I gasped in surprise when he pushed me up against the wall. 
His mouth went to my neck. He moved lower kissing my collarbone, and then his mouth was covering my breast. He sucked and licked each of my nipples greedily. Groans of ecstasy fell from my lips. He slowly sank to his knees. His lips trailed kisses over my belly as his fingers found my clit. He looked up at me as he massaged me, making small circles over my clit with his thick fingers. 
My eyes locked with his. The look he had on his face was enough to make me lose it. I cried out as pleasure washed over me. His breaths turned into ragged pants as he watched me come apart. His hot breath on my delicate skin made me gasp. His lips covered me as his skilled tongue began to explore my heated depths. I closed my eyes as he took his time sucking and licking, until I was writhing in pleasure. 
I was panting, and my face was burning when he finally stood. He grasped my wrists and pinned them above my head with one hand. He took his other hand and pulled my leg up. He shifted slightly, and then forced his hips forward. My breath caught in my throat and my eyes widened at the sudden fullness I felt. I knew he wasn’t even completely inside me, but I felt so full. He took a few steadying breaths, then he pushed his hips forward burying himself all the way inside me.
I cried out when he bottomed out. The pain of his aggression was quickly overtaken by the pleasure of feeling him inside me. My pussy clamped around his thick shaft, welcoming him. 
We were both panting. He was standing still. Our eyes met. His eyes reflected an array of emotions, one quickly replacing another. It was occurring so fast I wasn’t quite sure exactly what he was feeling. 
I knew what I was feeling. I had never felt like this for another person. It was a passion for him …a need for him to take what he needed from me. I wanted him to feel good no matter what it cost me. I wanted to be the reason he felt good. I wanted to be the reason he was happy. 
He started to move … slowly pulling back before burying himself deep inside me again. He closed his eyes as he repeated the motion over and over again. The pleasure built inside me with every punishing thrust. I clamped my eyes shut as strangled cries fell from my lips. My pussy clamped around him as pleasure consumed me. 
He groaned low in his throat as his hot release filled me. He pressed his body to mine. He released my wrists. My hands tangled in his hair. His lips found mine. He kissed me, gently biting my lower lip as he did. 
We stood clinging to one another for a while. He finally pulled away. “We should wash and go to bed.”
I nodded and slowly started to do as he suggested. I was tired. My body felt so heavy. I really didn’t even feel like doing so much work. He stepped out a few minutes before me. Once I was clean I stepped out. 
I dried off and walked into the bedroom. He was already gone. I didn’t feel like trying to find him. Instead, I crawled in his bed and curled up into a ball. All I wanted to do was sleep and hope everything would be better when I woke up. 

Chapter 13

I woke up alone. I didn’t know why, but it bothered me. I wasn’t even sure if Nicholas ever came to bed at all. I sat up and ran my fingers through my hair. It was a little after six in the morning. I really hadn’t slept that long at all. 
I slipped Nicholas’s black robe on and walked downstairs. I wasn’t really sure where I was going. I was really just trying to find him. I saw a light on toward the offices so I headed that way. The door was ajar, so I went in. I knew it was Nicholas’s office, but no one was there. 
I walked over to the desk. I normally wasn’t one to snoop, but the folder laying open caught my attention. There was a picture of a woman, several pictures actually. I realized it was a portfolio of sorts. She was a submissive looking for a Dom. I wasn’t sure why, but that familiar feeling of being punched came over me again. 
I didn’t want to be here any longer. I needed to get dressed and leave. I turned and left the office. I hurried back upstairs. I stopped in front of the guest room and knocked lightly.
John opened the door. He was already showered and in the process of dressing. He looked slightly concerned. “Are you okay?” 
I nodded. “I will be ready in about thirty minutes. Can we leave then?”
He nodded. “I will call a car.”
I forced a smile. “Great. I will go get dressed.” Before he could ask any more questions, I hurried to Nicholas’s room. There was a fresh set of clothes laid out for me. I grabbed them and headed for the bathroom. I just needed to go back to the hospital. I needed to be away from Nicholas. I couldn’t keep doing this to myself. I knew what he wanted, and I wasn’t it.
I showered quickly. I didn’t want to run into Nicholas. I was sure he wasn’t in the apartment, but he could be back anytime. I quickly dressed in the soft jeans and tee shirt, and then I pulled my hair into a loose ponytail. I made the bed and put everything I used away, and then I gathered my things and hurried downstairs. 
John was waiting for me. He stood as I descended the stairs. “Are you ready?”
I nodded. “I am.”
He glanced around like he was a little unsure. “Is Nicholas up yet?”
I nodded. “He is out.” I didn’t elaborate. I didn’t know what else to say. I had no idea where he was at this hour. 
John didn’t question me; which was a relief. He simply followed me to the elevator. 
The car he called was waiting out front. I felt a little better once I was safely inside and we were headed toward the hospital. 
“Why do I have a feeling that was more of an escape than anything?” The amusement in John’s tone was evident.
I sighed. “Because it was. I’m not thinking straight. I should have never agreed to stay there last night.”
He laughed. “I can rent you a hotel room nearby if you would like.” 
I shook my head. “I can go to my apartment; it isn’t that far.”
He gave me a brief nod, and then stepped out. We were already at the front entrance of the hospital. We walked to the elevator. My phone started ringing. I had a feeling I knew who it was. It was too early to be Lena. I dug it out of my purse. Nicholas’s name flashed up on the screen. I turned it to silent and tossed it back in my purse.
The elevator doors opened and John’s phone started ringing. “Figures,” he muttered. “Hello,” he said gruffly as he answered.
“She’s fine, we’re at the hospital.” His tone was clipped like he was being inconvenienced. “I am not sure …” he looked down at me as if silently asking me if I wanted to take the phone.
I shook my head, and continued walking.
“She is busy at the moment, Nick. I would try a little later …” His conversation faded as I got further away from John. I didn’t care what John told him as long as I didn’t have to talk to him.
I was directed to a private room. It was nice. There was a large recliner I could curl up in and watch over him. Nothing had changed since last night; they didn’t expect anything to change. 
John came in after a while and offered me a cup of coffee and a muffin. I gladly accepted. I was getting hungry and I had yet to get any coffee. 
He sat down in the chair next to mine. “Nick said he doesn’t plan on coming up today. He wants you to call him when you get a chance.”
There was no way I was going to call him, but I didn’t say it out loud. I just gave him a simple nod of acknowledgement.
He sighed. “I take it he will be calling me again.”
I smiled slightly. “Probably.”
After a few minutes of silence, he cleared his throat. “Can I ask you why you decided you no longer wanted to talk to him between last night and this morning?”
I shrugged. “It’s a long complicated story.”
He laughed. “That is Nicholas for you,” he said dryly. 

I checked my phone near lunch and there were several missed calls. All except one was from Nicholas; the other was from Lena. I called Lena back.
She picked up on the first ring. “For the love of god, please, if you love me you will answer that man’s phone call.”
I smiled slightly. “I don’t want to talk to him. He obviously can’t take a hint.”
She laughed. “No, he really can’t. How are you doing? Why are you avoiding him?”
I sighed as I squeezed my eyes shut. “I’m alive, and I don’t have the energy to deal with him. What does he want?”
She scoffed. “I don’t know.”
“I will be home tonight, will you be there?” Part of me wanted the company, and another part of me wanted to be alone.
“I’ll be late. I have a date night planned with Patrick. Do you need me to cancel?” She sounded worried. 
“No!” I said quickly. I took a breath. “No, don’t cancel. I will be fine. John will be around.”
She was silent for a moment. “Okay, call me if you need me.”
“I will.” I hung up, and then debated whether I wanted lunch. John had gone off claiming he had some things to take care of. I didn’t know what he had to do, I didn’t ask. 

I left the hospital around nine in the evening. I was surprised Nicholas didn’t show up. I was beginning to think he took the hint. I didn’t want to admit that the thought made me a little sad. He had obviously chosen a submissive. He didn’t need me around anymore.
John called a car and he accompanied me back to my apartment. He just finished insisting I eat, but I wasn’t hungry. I lied and told him I had lunch. I was tired of being told what I needed. I planned to take an extremely hot bath and go to bed. 
I unlocked the door and he followed me inside. “Are you sure you are okay with the couch? I really don’t mind if you go to a hotel.”
He shook his head. “I will be fine. All I need is a blanket and pillow if you have it.”
I nodded as I dropped my things on the table. I made my way toward my bedroom. I hesitated at the door. It was closed again. It was like déjá vu. I really didn’t want to open the door; so I stood there staring at it. I knew it was probably irrational of me. It was a stupid door. Anyone could have closed it. 
“Mandy?” John’s voice made me jump.
I looked over at him. “Yeah?” I asked breathlessly.
“Are you okay?” He moved closer to me as he spoke.
I nodded, and then swallowed the lump in my throat. “My door is closed.”
He raised his eyebrows, looking slightly confused. “And?”
I sighed. “I don’t close it when I leave. The last time it was like this there was something bad behind it.”
He nodded, and then took his gun out of its holster. “I heard about that. How about we open it together?” He gave me a reassuring smile.
I took a deep breath and nodded. I touched the handle. I squeezed my eyes shut as I turned the handle and pushed the door open. 
John’s sharp intake of breath told me all I needed to know. My shoulders immediately sagged as a lump formed in my throat. I opened my eyes. There was a woman on my bed, bound and gagged just like Rebecca was. She was motionless and covered in blood. It was the exact same scene just a different woman. 
I stood there for a few moments, just staring. John was already on his phone. He rushed to the woman’s side checking her for vital signs. I couldn’t hear what he was saying. I couldn’t hear anything past the pounding in my ears. My eyes landed on the bedside table. There was a white card propped up next to a red rose. My body felt like lead as I walked over to the table and picked up the card. 
Even a fool could see, what a fool he’d be
She isn’t you, she never will be
The pain in your eyes, you couldn’t disguise
No one compares to you, I did this for you

Next to the rose was a picture of me in the hospital. It was from earlier today when I was leaning against the window in the main corridor. I was looking out over the city. It was when I was asked to leave the room so they could do more exams and tests. 
John touched my arm, making me jump. He scowled as he took the card and the picture from me. 
“Is she alive?” My voice was a whisper.
He nodded. “She is, the ambulance is coming. I know you are probably going to be mad, but I called Nick too.”
I didn’t respond. I moved around the bed so I could see the girls face. I felt myself go pale when I saw it was the girl from the pictures on Nicholas’s desk. It was his new submissive. My heart was beating so fast I thought I was going to have a heart attack. I turned and ran from the room. I heard John call after me, but he didn’t follow. I knew he wasn’t going to leave the woman’s side. 
I left the apartment. My run turned into a quick walk when my side started to ache. It was dark out and I was suddenly unsure. I didn’t want to be on the street anymore. I was in the middle of downtown. I ducked into a bar. I needed a drink. I needed to calm my nerves.
I walked to the bar. The bartender gave me a warm smile. “What can I get you?”
“A shot of rum.” I didn’t sound as breathless as I thought I would. I handed him my credit card so he could start a tab.
He nodded and poured me a shot. I downed it, and he poured me another. After my third one I started to relax. He mixed my rum with coke, and then left me to myself. My heart was still pounding. Flashes of the girl kept invading my mind. I was upset that Nicholas chose a submissive, but I never wanted her hurt. I didn’t understand what this guy wanted. To be honest, I had forgotten about the psycho stalking me after everything that happened with Edward. It wasn’t until I was standing in front of my bedroom door that I remembered. 
The warm sensations caused by the alcohol started to take over. My heart was finally starting to slow down. The bartender came and made me a fresh drink without asking. Obviously I looked like I needed one. I needed to slow down before I ended up drunk. 
“Amanda?” A familiar male voice made me turn in my seat. 
Fredrick smiled at me. “Fredrick…” I was hoping he wasn’t sent by Nicholas.
He took the stool next to me and ordered a drink. “I am surprised to see you here. I figured you would be at the hospital.”
I started to relax a little. I didn’t see how he could have been sent by Nicholas. No one knew where I was. “I was headed home. I stopped here on the way.”
He nodded. “I like this bar. It is a nice little getaway.”
I nodded and sipped my drink. I didn’t have anything against Fredrick. I couldn’t stand Jillian, but I never talked much to Fredrick. “I’ve never seen you away from Jillian.”
He laughed. “Let’s just say we aren’t exactly getting along.”
I scoffed. “You aren’t getting along with Jillian? No way,” I said in as sarcastic of a tone as I could manage. 
He smiled, and then waved the bartender over. “Two shots of what she is having.”
I hesitated. “I really shouldn’t. I have already had several.”
He pushed the shot toward me. “One more won’t kill you.”
I sighed and picked up my shot. We clinked glasses, then downed the shot. I shivered as the alcohol warmed my face. “Okay, I think I have had more than needed.”
He laughed, shaking his head. “I haven’t quite had enough.” He motioned for the bartender to pour him another drink. “Let’s go outback. I need a cigarette.”
I wound my way through the crowd. We walked out onto the back patio where a few others were gathered. He retrieved his pack of cigarettes. I leaned against the railing as he lit a cigarette. 
“How’s your dad?” he asked breaking the silence.
I shrugged. “As good as can be. They said it will be a couple days before we know much more.”
“I bet finding out Quinn was his son was a shock,” he said amused.
I giggled as I remembered the look on Nicholas’s face. “It was.” The alcohol was really starting to get to me. I slipped my long sleeve top off; so I was just wearing my tank top. I looked up and Fredrick was watching me. I wasn’t really sure why, but he was making me nervous. 
He looked away after a moment. “I’m sorry for everything Jillian has said about you.”
I laughed. “You have no control over what she says.”
He laughed harshly. “No … I really don’t.”
I knew I should call someone for a ride. I wasn’t entirely sure where I was going to go. I guess a hotel would be the best option. I didn’t have my phone; so I had to call someone whose number I knew. I didn’t know John’s phone number. I wasn’t calling Nicholas, so that left Lena. I looked at Fredrick, he was watching me again. “Do you have a phone I could borrow?”
He nodded as he reached inside his jacket. He handed me his phone. “I could give you a ride home.”
I sighed. “I’m not really sure where I’m going. I will probably crash at Patrick’s with Lena or a hotel.”
He nodded. “I am going to get a fresh drink. Do you want one?”
I shook my head. “I’m good.” He disappeared into the crowd and I dialed Lena’s number. I hoped she would pick up. 
Patrick picked up after the third ring. “Hello,” he sounded kind of pissed off. I was also wondering why he had Lena’s phone. 
“Where is Lena?” I asked a little worried.
Patrick hesitated. “Mandy?”
“Yes, is Lena near you?” I wasn’t interested in playing twenty questions. 
“Mandy, why are you calling from Fredrick’s phone.” He lowered his tone to almost a whisper. I was sure he was around Nicholas and he didn’t want him overhearing.
I sighed. “I ran into him at a bar and I don’t have my purse or phone. He was nice enough to let me use his phone.” I didn’t know why I had to explain, but I did just so he would let it go. 
“Lena is at home. She went to bed early. She wasn’t feeling well. Nicholas asked me to bring her phone when he found out you ran off. He knew you would call her. Where are you? We will come get you.”
I groaned. “Patrick, I really don’t want to see Nicholas. I will find a ride.”
“Mandy …” he started, but I hung up before he could argue.
“Did you get a ride?” Fredrick asked as he moved up next to me.
I shook my head as I offered him his phone back. “Lena isn’t feeling well.”
He gave me a questioning look. “And Quinn?” 
“I don’t really want to see him.” Another drink suddenly sounded extremely appealing. 
Fredrick’s phone started to ring. He dug it out of his jacket pocket and raised his eyebrows. “Speak of the devil.” He answered before I could protest. “Hey Quinn, what’s up?” I could hear Quinn’s angry voice, but I couldn’t make out what he was saying. Fredrick smiled slightly as he looked at me. “She actually just left. I guess she caught a cab.” I smiled relieved that he wasn’t going to turn me in. “No, she was okay … I see … I will do that.” He hung up and looked over at me. “You forgot to mention the Carla incident.”
I sighed, shaking my head. “I was trying to forget.”
He put his phone back in his pocket. “He is just worried about you. I didn’t realize you were literally hiding.”
I scoffed. “I am hiding from everyone. I think I am going to go back to the hospital. There is a recliner I can sleep in. I’m not going back to my apartment, and I don’t want to stay with Nicholas.”
He straightened and downed the rest of his drink, and then he offered me his arm. “I will take you to the hospital.”
I decided it would be best just to take the ride. I slipped my hand on his arm and he led me through the crowded bar. I was a little relieved to have the company.
 He stopped out front on the sidewalk. He retrieved his phone and dialed a number. “My car should be nearby.” He tucked his phone back in his pocket and smiled down at me. “Are you at least feeling a little better?”
I smiled and nodded. I was feeling pretty good. My face was burning from the effects of the alcohol. I was buzzed, but I wasn’t trashed. It was rare for me to even come close to being trashed. 
Fredrick’s fingers brushed my cheek, startling me a little. He laughed as he grasped my shoulders to keep me from falling backwards off the sidewalk. The sudden feeling of falling backward scared me. I tangled my fingers in his coat pulling myself into him to steady myself. The buzz I had going wasn’t helping my balance at all. 
He grinned down at me as I clung to him. “Are you okay?”
I was slightly breathless, but then I suddenly realized how funny it was. I giggled and nodded. “Just a little off balance.” 
Before I had a chance to step back, he pressed his lips to mine. I froze, unsure of what I should do next. My hands were still balled into his jacket. I knew I should push him away, but my brain seemed to be stuck in slow motion. When I didn’t push him away, he took it as an invitation. He deepened the kiss. His lips were soft and warm. I wanted to do the right thing and tell him off, but his lips felt so good. I realized I just wanted someone close to me. I wanted to be touched and reassured. 
“Fredrick!” Jillian’s high pitched voice could ruin anyone’s mood. Jillian was stepping out of a limo not far from us. 
I quickly moved away from him. I felt my cheeks redden in embarrassment. I didn’t mean to be caught kissing him. I wasn’t even the one that initiated it, but I knew how it looked. 
My stomach knotted when Nicholas climbed out of the car behind her. Patrick was trying to hold onto him. It was obvious he was on his way to harm Fredrick. 
“You son of a bitch!” Nicholas yelled as he attempted to charge Fredrick. Patrick was doing a damn good job holding him back. 
Fredrick stood there stoically. He wasn’t attempting to defend his actions. He didn’t seem bothered by the scene at all. “She isn’t your submissive or your girlfriend, Quinn. I don’t see how I have done anything wrong.” Fredrick’s tone was cool and calm.
“What about me!” Jillian squeaked. “I’m your wife!” Her face was bright red as she glared at Fredrick. 
He looked at her tiredly. “As I recall, you were biting Brian’s pillow last night.”
She stiffened like he slapped her.
I could feel Nicholas’s eyes on me. I couldn’t meet his angry gaze. Fredrick was right. I didn’t do anything wrong. I wasn’t currently attached, and I didn’t even initiate the kiss. Nicholas wasn’t charging Fredrick anymore, but he was standing there with his hands balled into fists at his side. 
“Mandy, you are coming with me and Quinn. Fredrick, go home with Jillian and work this out. It has been a very long night and fighting won’t solve anything,” Patrick said firmly. He was trying to be the voice of reason, but by the looks of it no one wanted to hear it.
“Fredrick, please come home.” Tears were rolling down Jillian’s cheeks as she looked at him. 
I could see him visibly relax. He nodded, and then walked over to her. She took his hand possessively and led him to the waiting limo. He climbed in and she glared at me before climbing in herself. I was sure she was going to find a way to make me pay. The limo pulled away from the curb. Patrick was on the phone calling another car. 
I remained in the same spot I was. Nicholas was still frozen in place. Patrick was standing between us. I wrapped my arms around myself when the cool air started to get to me. I didn’t have my long sleeved shirt. I must have left it in the bar. At this point, I really didn’t care. 
Nicholas moved, catching my attention. He was shrugging his coat off. He walked over to me and put it around my shoulders. 
“Thank you,” I murmured. I was grateful for it. I was surprised by his kindness. I was pretty sure he was still furious. His expression was dark and his jaw was set. I peeked up at him. “I’m sorry, Nicholas.” I wasn’t sure why I was apologizing; I just felt the need to say it. 
He pulled me into a hug. I was startled at first, but then I relaxed into his embrace. “You have no reason to apologize. I should be the one begging you for forgiveness.”
The car pulled up to the curb and Patrick opened the door. Nicholas took my hand and led me to the car. I climbed in. He climbed in after me. His body was pressing against mine. His hand was holding mine tightly. I wasn’t exactly looking forward to being alone with him. I knew there was a lot to discuss, and I didn’t want to discuss any of it. 
 Patrick sat in the seat across from us. He watched Nicholas with a wary look. His eyes shifted to me and I looked away. “Well this has been an interesting night.”
Nicholas looked at Patrick as if he just realized he was there. “I want to know anything new as soon as you know it. I want that bastard found.”
Patrick nodded. “I take it you will be putting security back on Mandy?”
Nicholas nodded. “I have security on my father just in case. Right now he is going after the women in my life. That could change if he is hindered.”
The thought that Carla was a woman in his life came creeping back in. I wanted to take my hand out of his, but I knew I couldn’t without causing a fight. “I would like to go back to the hospital.”
“No!” Nicholas and Patrick yelled in unison.
“Do you have any idea how long we looked for you tonight?” Nicholas growled. 
I scowled. “Last I checked I am an adult. I don’t need keepers.”
“You ran off with no phone and without telling anyone where the hell you were going! That is pretty juvenile if you ask me,” he countered.
I pulled my hand free of his. “Well it’s a good thing no one asked you!” I looked at Patrick. “I want to stay with you and Lena.”
“No! You are staying with me!” Nicholas growled as he took my hand again.
I pulled my hand free of his as I glared at him. “Don’t you have a submissive to tend to?”
He stiffened as if I hit a nerve. “We discussed this, Amanda.”
“Yes, we did, and at no time did I agree to let you have your cake and eat it too. You made a choice. A choice that means that I am not yours in any definition of the word. Not only am I not yours, I can kiss and sleep with any man I want without you having an opinion about it. You know why? Because only my boyfriend gets an opinion and you are not, nor will you ever be my boyfriend.” I turned back toward Patrick. “Can I please stay with you and Lena? Tomorrow, I will get a hotel room until I figure out what the hell I’m doing.”  
Patrick looked like he was trying to stifle a smile. He nodded. “I am sure Lena would love that.”
I relaxed back into the seat as I crossed my arms. “Thank you.”
Nicholas sat next to me, stiff and completely quiet. After what seemed like an eternity the car came to a stop. 
Patrick looked at Nicholas hesitantly. “This is our stop. I will check in with you in the morning.”
Nicholas simply nodded, then looked away. Patrick climbed out and I followed. I was tired of the games. I was coming off my buzz and all I wanted was a bed. 
I followed Patrick to the elevator. He shifted nervously as it moved up to his floor. “He cares about you.”
I scoffed. “I don’t care.”
Patrick sighed. “I know that’s a lie. You really did a number on him by kissing Fredrick.”
I glared at Patrick. “He picked a submissive! If that doesn’t scream ‘I don’t want you’ then I honestly don’t know what does.”
Patrick ran his fingers through his hair. “He’s confused. Maybe he will figure it out. I just hope it isn’t too late.” The elevator doors opened and he stepped out. 
I followed him into his apartment. He showed me to the guest room. He promised to send Lena in as soon as she woke up in the morning. I showered, and then climbed into bed. I was exhausted, and I wasn’t looking forward to tomorrow.

Lena’s obnoxiously loud voice echoed through my door before she even reached my room. “Where is she?”
I heard Patrick respond, but I wasn’t sure what he said.
My door flew open and Lena ran to me. She threw her arms around my neck. “I can’t believe how much I missed! Are you okay? You kissed Fredrick! What the hell?”
I couldn’t help but laugh. “It wasn’t as exciting as you make it seem, and Fredrick kissed me.”
She took my hands as she sat on the edge of the bed. “We are ditching that apartment. Another girl in your bed is not cool.”
“I agree,” I said dryly. I looked over at the clock. It was a little after six in the morning. “I need to get to the hospital.”
She hopped up. “I’ll drive you. I will get you some clothes.” She hurried out, and then reappeared within a few minutes. She handed me a dress and some sandals. “Give me thirty minutes to get ready.”
I nodded as I accepted the clothes. She hurried out of the room. I started the process of showering and getting dressed. 

Once we were in her car, and safely headed to the hospital, I relaxed.
She glanced at me. “So … spill what happened with Fredrick?” 
I sighed as I squeezed my eyes shut. “It was a mistake. I was a little buzzed and he kissed me. I think he was just mad at Jillian.”
Lena scoffed. “That would be a whole new level of angry for Fredrick. He knows how much Jillian despises you. He was looking to do some damage when he kissed you.”
I shrugged as I watched the buildings pass. “I don’t think he was planning on getting caught. It was just an in the moment kind of thing. It really wasn’t as big of a deal as everyone is making it.”
She started asking me a million questions about Carla. I didn’t have the answers she was looking for. I was never more relieved to be out of that car. She had to leave; so she didn’t walk up with me. She did however promise drinks and more discussion tonight. It was more of a threat to me. 
I took the elevator to the ICU. The nurses recognized me; so they let me in. I walked to Edward’s room and opened the door. I hesitated when I saw Nicholas sitting near the bed. I really wasn’t in the mood to see him. He looked exceptionally handsome in his black slacks and dark blue button up. He didn’t look at me when I walked in. I slung my things on the table next to the recliner. “I didn’t expect to see you here.”
“I brought your purse and phone.” He nodded toward the table.
I looked at my purse. “Oh, thank you. How is he doing this morning?”
Nicholas still wouldn’t look at me. “He is better, I guess. They removed his breathing tube.”
I walked to the end of Edward’s bed and looked him over. His color was coming back a little, and he wasn’t breathing via a machine anymore. I wasn’t sure what to say. It was extremely awkward between us. 
Nicholas stood. “I should go. I have a meeting I need to be at.” He walked past me.
I didn’t say anything because I didn’t know what to say. I stiffened when I felt him move up behind me. He rested his hands on my hips. His lips brushed my ear. “I don’t like this,” he murmured against my ear. “It hurts … will it stop hurting soon.”
I squeezed my eyes shut, as I let out a steadying breath. “I don’t know. This is all new to me too.”
He sighed as he wrapped his arms around me. He buried his face in my hair. I leaned back into him, closing my eyes as I reveled in his touch. His hand moved over my abdomen, splaying across my belly as he pulled me tighter against his body. A small groan of approval escaped my lips.
Someone cleared their throat startling both of us. I looked up at Edward. His eyes were open. “Edward!” I squeaked. I pulled away from Nicholas and went to Edward’s side. I hugged him, making him groan in pain. I pulled away quickly. “I’m sorry.” I took his hand in mine.
He smiled slightly. “It’s good to see you Mandy Bear.”
I felt tears prick my eyes when he used the nickname he gave me. “I’m so glad you are awake. I was so scared.”
His eyes shifted to Nicholas. “It’s good to see you too, Nick.”
Nicholas nodded and forced a smile. “I am glad you’re okay.”
It was awkward between them. Edward shifted his gaze back to me. I was sure he had questions about what he saw when he woke up. I was kind of hoping he would forget about the whole thing. I wasn’t ready to explain; I didn’t think I ever would be.
“I will call the nurse.” I leaned across Edward and hit his call button. I needed to do something to kill the awkward silence. 
“I really do need to go. I will check back in later.” Nicholas’s eyes drifted to me momentarily. I didn’t speak; instead I just nodded and looked down. He turned and walked out of the room, leaving Edward and me alone.
The nurse arrived shortly after Nicholas left. She checked Edward over, and then promised to send the doctor in.
“How long have I been here?” Edward asked as he looked at me.
“A couple days. I will call John.” I moved to get my phone, but his hand caught mine, making me hesitate. I looked back at him.
I could tell by the look in his eyes he was about to address the subject I was trying to avoid. “I love my son, don’t get me wrong, but he is not good enough for you.”
I sighed heavily as I sat back down. “It isn’t what you think it is …” I trailed off trying to figure out how to continue.
“I honestly didn’t expect to see him here. Did you call him?” He sounded confused, like he was genuinely surprised. 
I shook my head. “The night of the accident he showed up. It wasn’t until then that I found out he was your son.”
He raised his eyebrows in surprise. “You knew him before that night?”
I nodded. “We were sort of seeing each other. It was complicated, and now it is even more complicated. We are no longer together though.” I didn’t mention that we were never really together, at least not as in boyfriend and girlfriend. 
He laughed, and then winced when it hurt him. “Did he get that memo? Because he looked like he was here for more than just my good.”
I smiled nervously. “We care about each other, but that’s it.”
He didn’t look like he believed me, but the doctor came in distracting him. I hurried over to my phone. I slipped out of the room and dialed John. 
“Hello.” He answered on the first ring.
“John, it’s Mandy. Edward is awake.” I couldn’t hide the relief in my voice.
“I will be there soon.” He hung up before I could say anything else. 
I leaned against the wall in the hall and took a deep breath. Things were starting to look up. My phone chimed. It was a message from Nicholas.
Nicholas: ‘I just wanted to tell you I am letting go. You were right last night. You aren’t mine. I overstepped and I am sorry. I hope you find someone that will make you happy. You deserve to be happy.’
His words made my chest tighten. I read over them a couple more times trying to figure out what to say. I didn’t know what to say; so I said nothing. I swallowed the urge to cry. I had other things to worry about at the moment, like Edward. I tucked the phone in my pocket and slipped back into Edward’s hospital room.

Vanilla: Volume 2 is now available on all major retailers!!! Follow me on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ellaprice.ella


