














VICKIE
Doctor by Day, Zombie Hunter by Night

[Book One of the Adventures of  Vickie Anderson]

©2018 Eileen Sheehan
Worldwide Electronic & Digital Rights
Worldwide Print Rights
Worldwide Rights of all Languages
      
EARTH WISE BOOKS
ELECTRONIC EDITION

All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any form, including digital and electronic or mechanical, including photo-copying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the Publisher, except for brief quotes for use in reviews
      
This book is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


Note:  This Book has a sneak peek of another great book written by Eileen  Sheehan at the end.

Notice** Portions of this story may prove too graphic, sexually explicit, or violent for sensitive readers. This novel is intended for adult readers.








This book is dedicated to fantasy and paranormal readers around the world who enjoy a bit of romance and thrills combined.
 






"Why should I fear death? If I am, death is not. If death is, I am not. Why should I fear that which cannot exist when I do?"    —Epicurus

 






ONE
I can’t remember a time when I wasn’t trying to help heal someone or something.  As a little girl on my family’s dairy farm, I made it my mission to help my father with the care of the animals.  Such was my dedication that when I found a baby bird that fell out of its nest, I took great pains to nurse it to health and see that it was able to care for itself before I set it free.
Originally, I was determined to heal others the old-fashioned way, with herbs and energy work.  I’d read plenty of how-to books on the subject and even taken a few online courses. When I left the farm as soon as I graduated high school and moved to find my way in the nearby city of Winchester, Virginia. I even went as far as to open my own holistic practice.  
It was when I attended a six-week course through the local college’s community education program on herbal remedies that I decided that it was okay to integrate herbal and energy healing with modern medicine.  I really didn’t need the course.  I’d poured myself into that world for so many years that there was very little in the line of herbal remedies or reiki energy work left for me to learn.  I just enjoyed taking the classes and mixing with likeminded people who got a kick out of exchanging herbal remedy recipes and reiki sessions.  
Dr. Peter Thomason was the instructor of this class. I didn’t know for sure, but I guessed him to be in his early thirties.  He was not only full of excitement for life, but I found him incredibly handsome and charismatic. It was more than his looks; which, in themselves, were enough to mesmerize any healthy, red-blooded female. I couldn’t imagine anyone being able to resist his royal blue eyes that were made to look even bluer by the thick black lashes that framed them and his sun-bronzed skin as a background.  He had a full head of shoulder length hair that was almost ebony black with hints of sunlight running through it. They were more prominent in the out of doors than under the florescent lights of the classroom.  He wore his generous head of hair pulled back in an old-fashioned queue for most of the classes, but there were a few times when he simply let it fall wildly about. When he did, it framed his high cheek bones and square jaw in such a way as to make me wish it was my arms wrapped so possessively around such beauty instead of that hair.  I would sit in the back of the room and revel in the sight of the lean, muscular physique that I was sure existed beneath his baggy linen shirt and pants. 
On the few occasions when I was near enough, the pheromones he emitted practically drove me to the point that I needed to either leave the room or jump his bones; which was saying a lot because I was still a virgin. Since we were in a classroom with other students- and, even if we were alone, I was too inexperienced to know how to lure him into taking me right there on his desk- I opted to leave the room.  I’d visit the ladies room for a splash of cool water on my face and a good one-on-one scolding between me and my reflection in the mirror.
He’d recently arrived from a tour with Doctors Without Borders in Africa, which was where he got that memorable tan. More than once, he’d share a tale or two of what it was like for him to treat those in need with both herbs and modern medicine.  It was through his stories that I concluded that both had their place, and both had their value.  It soon became clear to me that by combining the two, I’d be able to heal a lot more efficiently and effectively.  By the time the six-week course was over, I was looking at colleges to attend for my medical degree.
Sadly, Dr. Thomason was scheduled to go on yet another tour with Doctors Without Borders shortly after the course ended, but I managed to convince him to have coffee with me to discuss my plans to go to medical school before we said our good-byes.  Admittedly, I would have preferred our conversation between the sheets after a ridiculously long marathon of love making instead of at Starbucks while drinking a latte and eating a cheese Danish, but no matter.  The meeting with the oh so handsome Dr. Peter Thomason, die-hard good Samaritan, was so intense and profound that it solidified my determination to become a medical doctor.
That was twelve years ago.
With my residency behind me, and a medical license finally in my grasp, life became a whirlwind of busy and full, but there were still times when I had a few moments of quiet to reflect on things that a vision of the handsome Dr. Peter Thomason popped into my mind and I wondered what good deeds he was doing and what third world was he doing them in.
 As for what was happening with me in my world…  I’d accepted a position as the town physician in a small community, called Wolf Junction, in the hills of West Virginia, not far from Mechanicsville. It wasn’t that I didn’t have opportunities to join the staff at a few prestigious hospitals.  I’d even been offered a position at a couple of holistic clinics that specialized in using both traditional and alternative medicine when dealing with illnesses such as cancer.  I was seriously considering one particular clinic in Phoenix when I learned of the position as town doctor in Wolf Junction. At first, I paid it little mind. After all, I may have been a newly licensed physician, but, not only was I top in my class, I was also highly knowledgeable in herbal and energy medicine.  The idea of the freedom being a town doctor would offer over that of a clinic with its hierarchy and rules was alluring.  I’d done my residency in a big city hospital with its mega rules, regulations, and jealous competitiveness amongst peers. Being able to work on my own and call the shots was definitely appealing. When I read the report on the recent outbreak of death by mysterious causes, I was sold.  The idea of being the physician to discover the illness that was killing a goodly number of Wolf Junction residents when others were stumped was far too alluring.  I just had to accept the offer. Besides, it would also provide me the freedom I so valued when it came to integrating alternative and traditional medicine.  The depths of the Blue Ridge Mountains weren’t exactly third world, but society in small towns tended to be less progressive than most of the country.  It was as close to third world as I was going to get.
So, with my medical degree and license proudly in hand, I packed my bags and headed off to Wolf Junction and my new life as Dr. Vickie Anderson, the town physician.  
Little did I know what I was getting myself in for.

TWO
Wolf Junction may not have been as advanced both socially and economically as the rest of the country, but it was filled with history.  To me, this made up for a lot.  
The home I’d rented was an enormous Victorian style house with a gorgeous wrap around porch.  It was far too large for one person, but it had a two-room office set up with a space to act as the waiting room and its own entrance. I was of the frame of mind that having my office under the same roof where I lived would reduce my overhead.  After all, I’d built up a considerable amount of debt putting myself through school.  Fortunately, my holistic care skills paid for most of my living expenses during my years of education, but there was still the loan for the actual cost of schooling looming over me.   As luck would have it, the place came partially furnished.   So, I lived in a one-hundred plus year old house that was the size of a mini-hotel with enough décor in it to make it look occupied.  Had the place not come with furnishings enough to soften the interior of the grand house, my bank account would have allowed me to select a room or two to furnish while leaving the rest to the ghosts whose voices echoed off the walls some nights.
I’m not being dramatic when I say the walls echoed voices. It was my own fault for going through a realtor and renting the place from the recommendation of the realtor and the photos I saw on the website.  Had I inspected it in person, I would have found the set up in the basement for the mortician to embalm and prepare the bodies to be laid out upstairs in the viewing rooms.
For some reason unbeknownst to me, the realtor left the fact that I was renting a former funeral home out of all communications.  Since there was no law stating that its former use needed to be divulged, there was nothing I could do about it but remind myself that I was a woman of science and medicine.  The residue of death didn’t, shouldn’t, and wouldn’t bother me.
For a small community, the town of Wolf Junction managed to keep two funeral homes in business right up until Jack Crowley, the mortician who owned my home, died a quiet and peaceful death three years earlier.  Running a funeral home had been a Crowley family tradition right up until Jack’s death ended it. Jack’s wife pre-deceased him by ten years. Sadly, they were childless and not one of his relatives felt obliged to pick up where he left off.  The house was one of the few things left in the estate that the relatives hung on to.  Whether it was for sentimental reasons, since it was a Crowley who’d built it, or if it was for investment purposes, I couldn’t say.  They tried to find another funeral director to take the place over, but, after three years of no interest, they put it with a realtor to rent and, well, you know the rest.
Business was slow at first.  Some of the townspeople were leery about patronizing a doctor who lived in and worked out of a funeral home, while others worried about the fact that I was so young.  It didn’t help that the doctor I replaced -who had died of old age in his sleep- treated the townsfolk for over sixty years.  His shoes were tough ones to fill.
What went to my advantage was my knowledge of alternative remedies.  I quickly discovered that the locals were more trusting of things that came from mother nature than they were with what came from the pharmacist at the neighborhood drug store.  So, I started out peddling the holistic side of my services and slowly slipped the medical into the mix.
By the end of the third month, things looked like they just might work out for me.  Although there was still room for plenty more, I had enough patients to fill up at least three days out of the week; although I spread them out throughout the five as best I could.   I used my free time to explore the area, as well as my enormous house.   
Wolf Junction was a small town amidst other small towns that were nestled in the hills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. I was delighted to discover the myriad of antique shops these towns possessed. History abounded.
It was in one of these quaint shops that I struck up a conversation with the woman behind the sales counter.  She was old enough to qualify as an antique herself, but she had the feistiness of a young woman in her persona.  Her name was Megan Hastings and I found her delightful.  
Megan was a walking encyclopedia of just about any topic that came up, or so it seemed.  She also had a great head on her shoulders when it came to pragmatic subjects; such as the fact that I was rambling around in that grand house when I could have the company of a boarder or two.
What a great idea!
As luck would have it, Megan even knew of a few professionals who would appreciate living arrangements like that.  One was a social worker who traveled through the area regularly checking on her cases.  Megan was sure that she would appreciate having a steady place to stay where she could keep a few belongings.  
The other would probably be a more temporary situation. He was a novelist who believed he wrote best if he planted himself in the geographical area that he was placing his characters in and exposed himself to the environments or situations that were similar to what he created in his story lines.  It was her understanding that he planned on staying for at least a year. He’d visited Megan’s shop and struck up a conversation with her enough for her to feel confident in recommending him as a boarder.  She had no doubt he’d be thrilled to leave the boarding house he spoke so poorly about.
It took less than two weeks to interview these two potential boarders, check their references, and set them up in one of the many bedrooms that my house had.  In fact, a few of the rooms had Jack and Jill bathrooms so I was able to rent out the two rooms to create a little private living space as well for each of them.  Megan was not only a feisty old gal with a winning personality, she was a genius.
I took the rent from the boarders and designated it to help pay off my innumerable debts from school.  This allowed me to re-invest money that I earned from my health care practice back into it.
Life was good.
 
THREE
Angela McGraw was a few years older than me, but not by much.  We looked to be about the same size too, but that’s where the similarities ended. Where my hair was sleek and dark, and my skin fair and unblemished, she sported a coppery head of wiry curls and flesh so peppered with freckles that it was impossible to count them.  As my eyes traced them to the collar of her pale blue cotton blouse, I had to fight the urge to ask if they continued onto her back and chest.  I guessed they did, but that was just a guess.  I envied her those striking green eyes.  Mine were such a common brown.  I noticed that they resembled rich emerald when she spoke passionately on a subject; which was often. 
She’d been working as the county’s traveling social worker for five years.  It was easy to tell that she loved her job by the way she lost herself into conversing about it whenever the opportunity arose. 
She was less outgoing and generous with words and information when it came to discussing herself and her family.  The background checks I’d done showed me that she’d lost her parents when she was in her early teens and was taken in by her aunt and uncle on her mother’s side.  Although she didn’t say, I got the impression that she wasn’t very fond of them and was eager to leave the nest as soon as she came of age.  Her brother, Michael, was two years older than her.  He died while fighting in Iraq. Her pain over losing him echoed in her words as she told the tale.  
She was a vegetarian and an animal activist with a special affinity for cats.  She didn’t own a pet for the simple reason that she was traveling too much and couldn’t take it with her, but it was something she longed to have.  Because it’s my philosophy that people should think before they speak, I didn’t offer to let her have a cat.  I needed to see how well she worked out as a boarder first. I also wanted to see how much she’d be home to take care of it.
Evan Ottenburg was the writer. Information on him was a bit harder to acquire, but I managed to get enough to feel comfortable about renting to him.  He was a clean cut, nice looking guy who was in his mid-thirties.  Unlike Angela, his features didn’t make him stand out as soon as he entered a room.  He blended with the crowd in a way that allowed him the anonymity I assumed he sought when people watching and coming up with ideas for his stories.
It didn’t hurt that he’d already met Angela in passing while visiting Megan’s shop and they spoke of each other in a way that made me believe them to be compatible. Just to make sure, I held a small dinner party and invited them, along with Megan, the sheriff, Max Orwell, and the owner of the town’s weekly paper, Joslin Camp.  
As I’d expected, Evan and Joslin took an instant liking to each other.  It was by listening to their conversation that I learned that Evan started his writing career as a journalist for the New York Post.  He eventually grew tired of the rat race and tried his hand at writing fiction.  His talent as a word sleuth, combined with his connections in the media world, gave him the foundation to help get the publicity he needed for his first novel to become a best seller.  He wrote under a pseudo-name, but I learned that was quite common.  A lot of writers did this for a variety of reasons; mainly the anonymity factor.
I chuckled when I saw Angela’s reaction to Max when he stepped onto my front porch and offered me a bottle of wine as his contribution to the evening.  I’d had the same reaction when I first met him.  Who wouldn’t?  He stood an easy inch or two over six feet tall with shoulders that resembled those of a football player.  His broad chest tapered down to narrow hips and a tight butt.  His pants didn’t hug his thighs, but I could tell that they were well-formed and muscular. I expected him to tell me that he was a body builder, but it was far from the truth.  He got his powerful physique from the hard labor that was required of successful farmers and he kept it by keeping busy in the out of doors doing things like hunting, camping and hiking.  He was also known to pitch in during haying season should a farmer find himself shorthanded; which was often.  His thick, sandy blonde hair was just long enough to cover the top of his ears.  It fell across his forehead in a way that drew attention to his sky-blue eyes. 
Had I been looking for a boyfriend, I would have definitely set my sights on Max. As it was, I was far too focused on getting my career off the ground to want to spare the time I felt would be necessary to maintain a relationship with a man that was anything more than casual friendship. 
This had been my thought process since I’d graduated high school.  Believe it or not, I went on exactly two dates while in college; both of which turned out disastrous.  I was of the frame of mind that dinner and a movie warranted a thank you and a nice evening kiss while my dates felt it deserved a wild bout in bed.  Since I was still a virgin and found neither of them hot enough to tempt me to change that status at the time, I sent them packing.  They didn’t call for a second date and I was just as happy.  I knew that when the time was right, I’d settle down with a man.  Now just wasn’t the time.  Since I’d always been fine with my own company, I wasn’t worried.
Dinner proved not only entertaining, but it seeded the beginning of several friendships. Once again, I praised Megan for her genius.  I couldn’t imagine how different my life would have been had I never walked into her antique shop.
FOUR
Life was going so well that I’d completely forgotten about the fact that I’d taken the job with the intention of being the savior who discovered what was causing so many deaths.  It was probably because there had been no deaths since my arrival.  That changed on the anniversary of my fifth month in town.  
It was a Wednesday evening. It had been a particularly grueling day with difficult and uncooperative patients.  Old man Smithson’s gout was acting up again and, of course, he had to argue with me as to what diet worked best to prevent the gout that was returning more and more frequently.  Grannie Oleson had yet another asthma attack.  As hard as I tried to convince her that she was allergic to the twelve cats she owned, I got nowhere. So, I simply treated her with herbs to help keep her passageways as clear as could be expected under the circumstances and wrote a prescription for an inhaler that I 
was certain she’d never get filled.
I’d just finished cleaning up after dinner and was settling in for a well-deserved evening of wine, a hot bubble bath, and a good book when my phone rang.  Against my better judgement, I answered it.  It was sheriff Max Orwell calling to ask me to meet him out at the rest area just outside of town on route 33.  He had a dead body and no coroner to declare it dead.  It seems, the former doctor doubled as a coroner and medical examiner. I would have found out sooner or later that these things were expected of me.  It just would have been nice if it was later.
I took a moment to look longingly at the grand staircase that led to the second floor where my big, beautiful claw foot tub awaited me before I pulled on my sneakers, grabbed my coat, handbag, and car keys and headed out to meet Max.
Less than fifteen minutes later, I was standing next to the very tall, very handsome Officer Max Orwell and staring down at a dead man who lay with his face buried in the overgrown grass.
Max squatted next to the body. “His name is Jacob Tripp.”
“Who found him?”
He shrugged as he took out a pair of tweezers and pulled several long, coarse hairs off Jacob’s bare shoulder. “I got an anonymous tip.  That’s how it’s been since these deaths started happening.”
I took a closer look at Jacob. “It looks like he was bitten.” I pointed my finger to a spot behind his ear.  “There.  Do you see where the flesh is punctured in several places?”
Max knit his brows together and squinted at the spot I was referring to.  “It doesn’t look much like a bite to me.”
“What do you think caused those wounds, then?” I asked impatiently.  Something deep inside told me that the man had been bitten.  I didn’t care what Max thought.
“I couldn’t rightly say.  I just don’t think it’s an animal bite. We’ve got no animal in these parts that would make a mark like that.  Besides.  If it was an animal, don’t you think it would have torn the flesh a might better than just leaving a few puncture wounds?  What animal does that?”
“You have me there,” I admitted.  Even though my gut still insisted that Jacob died from some kind of bite, I had no explanation to Max’s question.  “I guess that will better be determined during the autopsy.”
“I’ve been thinking,” Max said thoughtfully.  “The old doc used to declare the person dead and then send the body off to Mechanicsburg for the autopsy. Those people don’t give a shit about what happens to us here in Wolf Junction.  I think we’d be better off at getting to the bottom of what’s going on if we kept things within our town.  You’ve got that morgue set up in your basement.  How about you doing the autopsy there? The sheriff’s department will, of course, provide you with all the supplies you need.’
“Are you asking me to become the county examiner?”
Max displayed a perfectly straight set of teeth as he smiled that smile that I was certain got him into any bed he chose. “I suppose I am.”
My first instinct was to jump at the 
opportunity to expand my income, but I exercised my usual constraint and asked to be allowed to think on it.  Grant it, my business wasn’t brimming over with patients at the moment, but it was growing steadily.  Could I handle the responsibility of being the county’s medical examiner?  I remembered how busy they were in the morgue at the hospital I interned at and wondered if that was what I wanted.  Then I laughed.  How ridiculous it was of me to compare the ton of deaths that came through a busy city hospital to the sporadic ones that would show up on my doorstep.  After all, hadn’t I been living there for five months without seeing one corpse?
“You can think about it, but don’t take too long. Okay?  We’ll have to ship Jacob off to Mechanicsville Hospital soon if you won’t take him on.”
I heaved a sigh.  “I don’t know why I said I had to think about it.  It’s been a bitch of a day and I guess I just let it get to me.  Of course, I’ll do it.  Do you have a place to put him until I get the morgue set up to act as an examining room?”
There was both appreciation and relief in his voice when he informed me that he’d have the one remaining funeral home hold onto Jacob’s body until the following day.  He also reiterated that the county would be supplying the examining room with whatever I needed and asked me to make a list by morning so that he could put a rush order on it.
“I doubt the setup will be complete in a day,” I said, “but I imagine I have enough equipment to perform an adequate examination.”
“I think there’s a refrigeration system down there,” Max mused.  “It’s been years since I had an occasion to go down there, but I think I saw one.”
“To tell you the truth, I breezed through there once and haven’t been in it since,” I admitted. “I’ve been keeping myself busy building my practice and furnishing the main house.  It’s so big.  I can’t imagine ever being able to truly complete its décor.”
“It looked pretty good to me when I came to dinner,” Max mused.  “I’m sure I told you, but just in case I didn’t, I had a great time that night.  Both the food and the company were excellent.”
I smiled with pride and satisfaction. “We’ll have to do it again sometime.”
“Soon, I hope.”
I found myself staring into his beautiful sky-blue orbs shamelessly as I pondered the possibilities of having him over to dinner without other dinner guests.  Would he come? Would he consider me too forward?  I knew I was living in the modern age where women thought nothing of initiating the connection or hook-up as some call it, but I was still too inexperienced to feel confident in trying.  So, I tore my eyes away from his loveliness and looked at Jacob’s lifeless body instead.
I was so disappointed in myself that I could spit.  What was wrong with me?  Didn’t he hold my gaze just as long as I held his?  He certainly wasn’t the first to look away.  That cowardly act was all mine.  Was he interested in me even if it was just a little?  Even if it was just for sex?  I’d reached a point in my life where I’d be okay with that.  At least, I thought I would.  It wasn’t like I was saving my virginity for that special one. I’d just never been tempted to give it up.  Well, I had once with the hot and sexy Doctors Without Borders member, Dr. Peter Thomason. But, no one since then… until now.
A sudden burst of courage surged through me as I stood to face him. “I’ve been a little too busy to put together a dinner party, but maybe you’d like to come over by yourself?”
He moved toward me until there were a mere few inches between us.  I was a tall, five-feet-seven inches, but he still towered over me. “I was hoping you’d make that offer.”
The pheromones being emitted from his body were enough to charge a stallion. My abdomen contracted while tiny electrical jolts shot through me in places that normally lay dormant.  I could feel the moisture creeping into my crotch and my nipples tingled. Wow.  All this from a simple acceptance to a dinner invite.  I could only imagine what my body would do if he kissed me.
I didn’t have long to wait.
He wrapped me in his powerful arms as he gently placed his lips to mine.  I couldn’t help worrying about how inexperienced my kisses would feel to him as he explored my mouth with his tongue, but I shoved all concern into the recesses of my mind.  I had every intention of being selfish and enjoying what was happening without worrying about what he was getting out of it.
My legs went weak and buckled from my weight.  Fortunately, it didn’t seem to interfere with his kissing. He simply tightened his hold to help support me as I lost myself in the moment.
I could hear a deep throated moan, but I didn’t realize it was me making it until he pulled his lips from mine and the moan continued to flow from my lips.  Now, that was embarrassing. If he didn’t know I was a novice before, he certainly did now.
Either it didn’t bother him to discover what a novice I was when it came to making love or it turned him on even more because, instead of stopping after that kiss, Max got into things full swing.  Before I knew what had happened, I found myself rolling around on the ground next to our corpse with my pants around my ankles and his fingers probing between my thighs. We were kissing with a type of frantic frenzy while he had his hand up my shirt to expose my generous breasts.  I don’t know if it was the cold night air assaulting the moisture he left behind on my tingling nipples when he shifted his mouth from one breast to the next or the fact that it felt like something was inserted inside of me -which very well could have been his finger, I couldn’t tell for sure- that brought me back to my senses.  Was this really happening?  Was I about to lose my virginity on the cold, still frozen ground of early spring while next to a dead man? Could things get any tackier than that? Oh, hell no!
My emotions were all over the place.  The selfish part of me said, ‘Corpse be damned.  This guy is hot, and my body is ready.’ While the sensible part of me shouted, ‘Slut!  Have you no respect for the dead?  What’s wrong with you?  There’s a time and a place for everything and this is neither the time or the place.  If this hot and sexy guy is really into you, he’ll wait.’  
The sensible part of me won the battle. I summoned the where-with-all I needed to push him from my breast and roll away before he could return. His eyes were glossed with lust and determination as he reached for me.  I scooted away as fast as I could until there was enough distance between us to prevent those pesky pheromones from overwhelming us with 
temptation and desire once more.
A look of chagrin quickly consumed him as he watched me struggle to tuck my breasts back into my bra and make my shirt sit aright on my body.  “I’m so sorry, Vickie.  I don’t know what got into me.”
“I played a part in this,” I sniffed as I stood and brushed at my pants while directing my gaze toward the body.  “Let’s 
forget it happened, shall we?”
His face looked like I’d punched it as hard as I could and then, maybe, followed up with a good swift kick in the stomach, but he said no more about it.  “I’ll call Zacharias at the funeral home.”
I nodded. “I’ll get started on setting up.  Have Zacharias ring me in the morning to arrange to bring him over.  You don’t need to be with him, do you?”
He shook his head without looking at me.  I’m sure he assumed that I asked that question because I didn’t want to be around him.  It was never farther from the truth. I simply asked the question to be clear on how things ran in the county.  
If my pathetic behavior, followed by my equally pathetic remark, didn’t show how badly I needed tutoring in dealing with the opposite sex, I didn’t know what did. 
FIVE
I’d had no call to be around Zacharias Bolt before Jacob’s death.  I thought it unfortunate that I found him to be a bit odd, since his was the only funeral home for several towns and I was the recently appointed official county medical examiner.
 Zacharias’ family had been in stiff competition with the Crowley family for the funeral business of the area for several generations. This, along with an over-abundance of fumes from embalming chemicals were surely what lend to his unlikeable personality. The smirk on his narrow and pinched face when he inspected the remnants of the Crowley morgue while delivering Jacob’s corpse to me was an immediate indication as to the person I’d be dealing with. He wasted no time comparing his state of the art set up to my pathetic -yes, he used the word ‘pathetic’- and antiquated one while speculating on the poor workmanship that surely was produced as a result.  
He clearly had no idea that I found him repulsive.  Nor did he have a clue about what an ass he sounded like as he proceeded to assure me that he’d prepare the bodies for viewing to such a perfect degree that, even as a doctor, I’d be forced to check for a pulse to be sure they were dead. I couldn’t help comparing his arrogant attitude to the earnest and compassionate ones of the funeral directors I’d had cause to associate with while in residency.  It was like night and day.
I eagerly signed the papers his boney and abnormally white hands shoved at me and hustled him out the door.
It was only after he’d gone that I felt the eeriness of my environment.  I’d been around enough dead bodies not to be freaked out by them. In fact, I’d had to dissect more than my fair share of them during my studies.  So, I knew it wasn’t poor Jacob who was sending chills up and down my spine.  
I looked around the room, but could 
see nothing out of the ordinary. I decided that the lighting needed to be updated.  Not only was it a little on the dim side, but the fixtures were probably leaking an abundance of electro-magnetic signals.  This happened with old equipment and was behind many alleged hauntings in a home since they would make the hair stand on your body as well as give you goose bumps.  More than that, they were unhealthy.
I didn’t know how much time I’d be spending in my little morgue examining bodies, but, however much time it was, I wanted to have my environment healthy and not detrimental to my well-being.  I decided to also have a mold check done.  Just for good measure.
“Vickie, are you down there?”  Angela’s sweet and steady voice echoed off the walls as it funneled down the stairs that led to the main part of the house. 
“I have a dead body down here,” I warned.  “Enter at your own risk.”
She smiled as she gracefully descended the stairs. “I’ve been around my fair share of them over the years. It’s an occupational hazard, I guess.  Most of them are mountain people who have either starved to death or taken the wrong home remedy for an illness.”
“I had no idea,” I said with awe.
My boarder and I weren’t what I would call friends, but we were gradually becoming very friendly with each other.  I think that if she was in town more often, our friendship would have developed and solidified at a more rapid rate. As it was, I liked her, and she liked me. We’d occasionally have lunch or dinner together, during   which   the   conversation 
flowed so well that time just flew by.
She shrugged.  “In the beginning, I was traumatized by what was occurring and I spent many a sleepless night trying to think of ways to get through to these people and convince them to drop some of their outdated ways.  But, I eventually gave in to the fact that you can’t save the world.  How does that saying go?  ‘You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink.’  Well, I adopted that philosophy with my cases.  If for no other reason than my sanity.”
“They’re that backward?”  I mused with surprise.
“It could be worse,” she chuckled. “I could be assigned to the Appalachian region.”  Before I could press the subject further, she shifted direction. “I came to invite you to lunch.  An old friend is in town who I’m sure you’d enjoy.”
I looked at my watch.  It was approaching lunch time and I’d yet to have breakfast. I had no patients scheduled for the day and wasn’t required to monitor my office for walk-ins until six that night.  I could join her for lunch and still have time to do an autopsy on Jacob before then. 
I covered Jacob’s waxen face up with the sheet that Zacharias made it a point of letting me know he was providing as a courtesy and wheeled the gurney into the walk-in refrigerator that was large enough to accommodate three gurneys at a time.   “I need to clean up.  Tell me where to meet you and I’ll be along shortly.”
Angela chuckled. My question seemed almost comical because the dining selection was so limited.  We had a diner, a luncheon café, and a restaurant that opened for dinner only on Tuesdays through Sundays. “I thought the café today.”
I smiled as I closed the door to the 
refrigerator.  “Okay.  I can be there in about thirty minutes.  Does that work?”
“That’s perfect,” she said as she scooted back up the stairs.
As I closed the one-time morgue turned medical examiner’s lab, that eerie sensation overtook me again.  I made a mental note to be sure to call an electrician before the end of the business day and scooted up to my room to change into something more suitable for a luncheon with my boarder and her unknown friend. It was at that time that I realized she’d not divulged whether her friend was male or female. But then, did it really matter?
I selected a pair of dark blue slacks and a cream colored short sleeved sweater.  The weather was warming up during the day as spring settled into the mountain townships, but there was still enough of a bite in the air to require a jacket or sweater.  I decided to wear the cardigan that came with the short-sleeved sweater. It was a set that was given to me at Christmas and something I thought I’d never wear because it was far too preppy a look for me.  For some reason, that day, I found the preppy look appealing.
The sun felt warm and soothing when I stepped off the porch and onto the broad sidewalk that led from the house to the street.  I decided to walk to the café where, by now, Angela and her friend waited for me.   
I made it there within fifteen minutes, making it exactly thirty minutes from the time I agreed to join Angela to the time that I actually did.   After walking in such bright sunlight without sunglasses on, it was difficult to see inside the café.  I could hear her hail me as I stood at the front door and waited for my vision to adjust. Her companion had his back to me, but I could see it was a man.  There was something familiar about him, but I couldn’t say just what.  
I waived to her to acknowledge that I saw them and scurried through the crowded room toward the table they occupied in the far corner.  I was surprised to see how many people ate out on a Thursday.  There was barely a vacant chair in the place.  I wondered, if I went to the diner, would I find it the same there?  Did the entire population of Wolf Junction eat their lunches out?  Had I been going against tradition all these months?
It took a little longer than I would have liked to reach the table.  I had to stop and wait for an old woman to get out of the chair she’d pushed back from her little two top table just as I reached it.  Then, I had to politely acknowledge a few ‘hello’s’ from patients who recognized me.  When I finally reached them, my heart was racing just a bit from the exertion.  Rather than slow down, it practically lept from my body when she made the introductions.
“Dr. Vickie Anderson, may I introduce to you my very dear friend, Dr. Peter Thomason?”
Not only did my face show my surprise, but my body reacted in such a way as to embarrass me. My knees trembled so badly that they buckled. I was forced to grip the back of Peter’s chair.  When he smiled and extended his hand in greeting, my hand trembled just as wildly as my knees did as I took it.
“Why, Vickie,” Peter said as he vigorously shook my hand.  “Angie told me that she was boarding in a house run by the town doctor, but I had no idea it was you.  So, you went ahead and got your medical degree.  Fantastic.”
Angela’s brows raised. “I can’t believe it. You two know each other?”
I found my tongue enough to explain how I knew Peter as I retrieved my hand and took my seat next to her and opposite him. “I met Dr. Thomason when he was teaching the class that convinced me to get my medical degree and combine it with the holistic healing method I was already practicing.”
“That she did,” he said with a broad grin.
Other than shorter hair, Peter looked exactly the same to me.  Oh, there were signs of stress around his eyes that I didn’t notice all those years ago, but, otherwise, he was most definitely the Peter Thomason I’d sat across from at Starbucks while longing to be in his bed instead.
It struck me as I ordered a cobb salad.  Other than Max, Peter was the only man I’d met who turned me on enough to want to give up my virginity. What were the odds that he’d show up in my little town as the good friend of my boarder … and, on the day after I’d done such a horrific thing as almost have sex for the first time on the ground next to a corpse!
The memory of my actions the night before made me shudder with humiliation.  It didn’t go unnoticed by Peter who immediately confronted me about what could be wrong.  Was I cold?  Did someone walk across my grave? By the time he finished badgering me with ridiculous questions, we were all laughing comfortably.
The conversation flowed so well that I soon lost track of time.  I’d forgotten how much I liked Peter as a person.  He’d been a phenomenal story teller all those years ago and that hadn’t changed. I learned that he’d returned to Africa and decided to stay and set up a practice rather than return to the United States with the other doctors.  He founded a non-profit that he ran right up until a few weeks earlier when he decided it was time to return to his home land.  He assured me that the foundation was still in operation and in competent hands. The only thing that changed was that he’d left it.  
Something in my gut told me that there was more to the story, but I let it go.  We all have our secrets and our skeletons.  Some are more exciting and interesting than others, but they’re there, none-the-less. 
SIX
I’d spent far too much time over lunch with Angela and Peter.  By the time I got back home, it was almost four o’clock.   There was no sense in starting the autopsy when I’d have to man my office for walk-ins from six pm until eight pm. 
I checked my calendar for the next day and saw that it was full.  That left me no choice.  I’d have to perform the autopsy after I closed the office at eight that evening.  Since I’d had minimal sleep the night before because of a guilty conscience over my lustful actions in the presence of a dead man after working well into the night taking an inventory and moving a few things around in the morgue, I’d been looking forward to a decent night’s sleep. Hopefully I could discover what killed Jacob quickly and that would still happen. 
I decided to relax until it was time to run my office, so I fixed myself a cup of hot tea, grabbed the mystery I’d started a few days earlier, and headed out to the front porch to enjoy the brilliant sunshine and fresh air while I read and sipped.
I’d barely opened my book when Angela approached me. “Am I interrupting a really good scene?”
Admittedly, she was.  My heroine was just about to reveal who she thought the killer at a party was and I was eager to see if I was in sync with the author, but I didn’t tell her that.  Instead, I closed the book and gave her a warm smile. “I had a nice time at lunch.  Thanks for inviting me.”
“I was surprised to see you sitting on the porch when I got back.  Did you decide to take the day off?  Don’t you have a body in the basement?”
“No and yes,” I replied as I shifted in my chair.  “No, I didn’t decide to take the rest of the day off, but I got home too late to start the autopsy before I have to run my office from six to eight and yes, I have a body in the basement that I’ll be performing an autopsy on after I close the office at eight.”
“Oh, my.  I really buggered up your 
day by inviting you to lunch, didn’t I? I feel bad. I’m so sorry.”
“I always enjoy your company and it’s my fault for not leaving at an earlier time.  It was just so nice to see Peter again.  I can’t believe you two are good friends.”
Angela smiled. “I had the biggest crush on him for years.”
“Not now?” I held my breath while I waited for her response.  I didn’t know the exact reason why I hoped she was over Peter in that way.  I just hoped it.
“Maybe a little, but,” she shrugged while she looked off into the distance before continuing, “things are far too complicated to entertain such emotions now. So, no.  I no longer have those feelings for Peter.  He’s all yours.”
I practically choked on my tea at her last sentence. 
“What do you mean, all mine?”
“I’ve been around you enough to know the difference in how you react to men. Other than that dreamy sheriff, I’ve never seen you so animated and bubbly.  Your face, no, your entire body illuminated when you were speaking to him.  Come on, Vickie, don’t even try to tell me that you don’t find 
him yummy.”
I grinned and sipped at my tea. “That obvious, huh?”
“Probably not for most people, but I’ve spent way too much time with you.”
“We are starting to spend more time in each other’s company,” I mused. “It’s like we’re…”
“Friends?” she interjected.
I laughed. “Exactly.”
“I’d like to think we are.  My job doesn’t give me the opportunity to make many of them, so I cherish the ones I do make.”
“Like Peter?”
She nodded. “Like Peter… and you.”
“I don’t travel like you do, but my studies kept me from socializing. I don’t have much in the line of friends either; even from before I moved here. I’m glad you’re my friend.”
A satisfied grin came over her freckled face as she sat down in the Adirondack chair next to mine.  “Thanks.”  After a moment of silence, she added, “I’m leaving tomorrow for a few days.  I’ll be home by the weekend.”
“That’s a short trip,” I mused.   
As I finished my tea, it dawned on me that I’d rudely drank it in front of her without offering her a cup.
“I’ve been working on getting assigned cases closer to Wolf Junction. Now that I have a home base, I’d like to be in it more.”
“I hope you know that, even if you cease traveling, you’re welcome to stay here.  This place is far too big for just me. Even though you have your own space and we can go days without running into each other, it’s nice to know you’re there.”
“Thanks, Vickie.  That means a lot.”  After a moment of mutual silence, she added, “What about 
Evan?  Does that go for him too?”
“Evan?  Oh shit, he lives here too, doesn’t he?” I said with a light laugh.  “Big house, like I said.”
“I think I see more of him than you do because our rooms are next to each other on the same wing,” Angela offered.
“Does that bother you?”
“Oh, absolutely not.  Evan is a great guy.  You should take the time to get to know him better.  He’s got stories that could rival Peter’s.”
“Truly?”
“Oh yes,” she said excitedly.  “He’s such an adventurer.  It’s because he’s adamant about experiencing as much as he can about what he’s writing.”
I knit my brows together in thought. “I knew this about him, but then I forgot.  Anyway, I thought writers of novels used their imaginations, not life experiences.”
“He’s a little odd, I guess.”
I tossed my head back in laughter. “You said that, not me.”
Her eyes sparkled with amusement and chagrin as she covered her mouth with both hands. “Shame on me.”
“I won’t tell,” I assured her.
“Thanks,” she said with a smile. “I’d hate to upset him.  I think he and I are also becoming friends.”
“Friends like us?  Or friends like boyfriend?”
She giggled and looked away. “It’s too soon to tell.”
As if on cue, Evan came sauntering up the sidewalk. “Good afternoon, ladies.  It’s a beautiful day today, isn’t it?”
“Indeed, it is,” I said as I studied my 
boarder with new interest.  “Funny.  We were just talking about you.” I could feel the panic and tension in Angela, so I quickly continued.  “I was just saying to Angela that I don’t get to see much of you.  I was wondering how things are going?  Is everything to your liking?”
“It is.  It is,” he said with a smile.  “I can’t tell you how appreciative I am to be out of that bed and breakfast.  The place was not only unkempt, but the other residents were not of my liking.”
“Well, good,” I said and then quickly clarified. “Good that you’re happy here.  Not good about the bed and breakfast.”
He chuckled.  “I knew what you meant.”  After an awkward moment of silence, he added, “I’m surprised to see you sitting on the porch on a week day.  No work this afternoon?”
“I’ve had occasion to shift my hours today,” 
I explained.  “I’ll be working into the night.”
“Seeing clients at night?” he said with surprise.
“If you want to call a corpse a client, then, yes.”
At his stunned look, Angela took it 
upon herself to explain that I’d been hired as the county medical examiner and, since there was no hospital for me to work from and there was a perfectly good set up in the basement – thanks to the former funeral home operator- I’d set things up for working down there.
Although Evan didn’t seem as comfortable with the concept of having a dead body in the basement, he took it relatively well.  We chatted about nothing for a bit longer before we all went our separate ways. 
SEVEN
With less than an hour before I had to open the office for potential walk-in patients, I decided to make a quick run to the grocery store for a few incidentals that I was about to run out of.  I was debating about buying Folgers coffee or a new organic Hawaiian blend when the handsome Dr. Thomason came up behind me.
“I’d go for the Folgers,” he said in the most intimate fashion imaginable into my left ear. 
I could feel his breath on the back of my head as my body tingled from head to toe.  “I’ve always liked Folgers, but it’s not organic.”
“I’d be careful with organic if I were you,” he offered. “That one’s fine because it comes from the United States and we have strict regulations, but a lot of the organic food comes from countries without laws to protect you.  Organic to them isn’t always organic as we see it.  You’re safer with American grown, even if it’s not organic.”
“Wow.  Coming from a doctor who patronizes third worlds.”
“Only for their health.”
“What about your health?  It sounds like you put it at risk eating there.’
“I could have if I hadn’t educated myself right away on their policies and the additives they used to grow and process.”
I put the Hawaiian coffee back on the shelf and the Folgers into my cart. “You just don’t realize all that’s involved in traveling and living abroad.”
He shrugged. “As with anywhere, you have to pay attention to the natives.”
At the mention of natives, I checked my watch. “I spent far too much time debating about coffee.  I have to get back to the office.”
“Night hours?”
“I run a night time walk-in one night a week,” I explained.
“Do you get much business?” he asked in earnest.
“It depends upon the night. Sometimes I’m swamped and other times I sit and read a book.”
“Would it be too much for me to ask to join you?”
I was a little taken aback, although I don’t know why.  Medicine and helping people with medicine was clearly this man’s calling.  “If you don’t mind taking the chance that you might see only me the entire time, then, you’re more than welcome.”
 “Will you be serving Folgers?”  he teased.  When I nodded he said, “Then, I’m in.”
I playfully slapped his chest and rolled 
my eyes in mock dismay before scooting to the checkout counter to pay for the few things in my cart.   The woman checking me out was a patient of mine. 
“How’s the foot, Evelyn?” I asked.
“It hurts like a son-of-a-bitch,” she complained.  “I think I need more of that salve from you.”
“I told you that if the salve didn’t heal that wound then you’d have to get an antibiotic in you. That was our deal, remember?”
“It ain’t that bad,” she said as she shoved my coffee into the bag with the other things I’d purchased. “I like Folgers too.’
“Don’t change the subject.  You need to come in and let me look at that foot again.”
“I can’t take the time off work,” she complained.
“I happen to know that the store closes at eight tonight.  I’ll keep my office open for you. Just come over as soon as the store closes and let me take a look.”
“But…” she began.
I raised my hand to indicate for her to 
stop talking.  “I know you aren’t eager to take an antibiotic and I promise that I’ll use that as a last resort.  I just want to get another look at your foot.  Okay?”  After a heavy sigh and a moment of silence she nodded.  “Good.  Now, I’ve got a big night ahead of me after I close the office so, please don’t dally.  Come right over as soon as you get out of work.”
I grabbed my grocery bag and left the store before any more could be said.  
“That was impressive,” Peter said as he caught up with me.  “So, it looks like you’ll have at least one patient tonight.”
“Yea, after hours,” I said with a sigh.  “The night’s just looking longer and longer.”
“What’s going on after you close the 
office?” he asked. “Or, isn’t that my business.”
“I just took on my first case as medical examiner today and I played hooky at the café with you and Angela instead of doing my job.  So, I have to do it tonight.”
“It can’t wait until tomorrow?”
“Full day with patients tomorrow, I’m afraid.”
“So, you’re building a nice little practice for yourself, eh?”
“It’s got a way to go before I can sit back and say I’m established, but I’m pleased with the direction it’s taking.”
“What about dinner?” he asked.
“Excuse me?”
“Dinner.  If you plan on working through the night, what do you intend to do for dinner?  You had a late lunch, so I doubt you’ve already had dinner.”
“I hadn’t even thought about dinner,” I admitted.  “I probably won’t eat.”
“Well, I intend to eat and, since I also intend to hang around while you do that autopsy, I’m ordering pizza and wings.  I’m also catching a ride back to your place with you, since I’m on foot.”
“Not too hot, please,” I said as I turned the key to unlock the car.
“Me? Or the wings?” he chuckled.
His little joke made me blush from head to toe.  Once again in the matter of twenty-four hours I was reminded of how inexperienced I was with men.
 
EIGHT
In the two hours that the office was opened for walk-in business I saw one sprained wrist that was acquired at an after-school sporting event and one ear infection. In between them I sat and chatted about anything and everything with Peter.  I found him super easy to relax around. 
Evelyn arrived around ten minutes after eight. Peter asked to assist me with her foot infection and, since Evelyn had no objections, I accepted his help. I listened and observed as Peter peppered her with a myriad of questions that I would have never thought to ask.  Little by little he rooted out of her tight-lipped persona that she kicked her shoes off immediately upon getting home and didn’t put them back on until she was required to for work.  There are many people who don’t wear shoes at home, so that, in itself, wasn’t the issue.  The issue was the fact that she lived in a communal environment with dirt floors and an outhouse.  This meant that, even though her festered sores were bandaged, the bandages were becoming soiled and contaminated because her bare feet were exposed to germs of a variety that most homes wouldn’t have.  Most homes in the United States, that is.  In the parts of Africa where Peter worked, it was the norm. 
After explaining to our patient the perils of leaving her foot exposed while the wound was healing, we got a promise from her that she’d keep it covered and wear slippers or some other type of protective barrier between her flesh and the ground and then gave her the salve to try once more.
It was nine at night before I was able to get downstairs to begin the autopsy.  Since the electrician wasn’t coming until the following day and I knew the electro-magnetic frequencies would make the place feel creepy, I was glad for Peter’s company.
I was in the middle of explaining the plans I had for improving the morgue turned medical examiner’s lab when I stopped in mid-sentence.
Peter placed his hand on my shoulder. “Is something wrong?”
“The body’s gone.”
“What do you mean?”
I pointed to the opened door of the walk-in refrigerator that now had an empty gurney in it.  “I left it on that gurney.  It’s gone.”
“Are body snatchers common in this area?” he asked with concern.
“This is my first corpse.  I’ve never heard 
tell of body snatching and Max didn’t mention it, but I can’t be sure.”
“Who’s Max?”
I looked at Peter just in time to see what I thought might be a bit of jealousy in his eyes before he turned away. When he looked back at me, he was his normal self again. 
My mind screamed ‘Max is the guy I almost screwed on the ground next to the corpse I just lost’, but, instead, I said, “Max is the sheriff.  He’s the one who hired me as coroner and medical examiner.”  I walked into the cooler and stared at the empty gurney.  “I’m not off to a very good start.”
“Who else knew you had the body down here?” he asked with concern.
I thought for a moment. “The undertaker who brought it, Max, Angela, and me.” As an afterthought I added, “Oh, and my other boarder, Evan.”
“When did you last see the body?”
“This morning when it was delivered.  I put it in the cooler before I met you and Angela for lunch. It was my intention to start the autopsy this afternoon, but I got back too late.  I never thought to come down and check on it,” I moaned, “Shit.  Now I have to call Max and tell him I lost the body. Worse than that is what that asshole undertaker’s going to say.  He came off as a real jerk.”
“I’m sure you’ll be fine where Max is concerned and who cares about the undertaker. I think I’d be most concerned about who could have come in and taken the body.  We came through the house, but there has to be another entrance.  Where does it take you to?”
“There’s a driveway in the back for deliveries.” I felt morbid calling the undertaker bringing a dead body to me a delivery, but what else was it?
Peter opened the door that led to the back of the house and stepped outside.  He knelt to closer inspect the drive.  “Sometimes you can see residue from tires if a vehicle has recently driven over it.”
“One did.  The undertaker’s hearse.”
“Yes, of course.” He stood back up and slowly searched the darkness with his beautiful blue eyes “We’d better call the police.”
I already had my cell phone in my hand to call when he said that. Max answered on the second ring.  He wasn’t happy to hear about the loss of Jacob’s body, but he also didn’t sound as surprised as I expected he’d be.  
Peter stayed with me while I waited for Max to arrive.  I’d considered calling for Angela to join us, but, then, I remembered her saying that she had to go out of town the following day.  I didn’t know what preparations she needed to do before a trip, so I decided not to bother her.
Sparks of jealousy permeated the air when I introduced Max to Peter.  Which man was emitting them the strongest was a mystery to me.  They both came across equally put out -or possibly threatened- by the presence of the other.  Their behavior was not only unsettling, but fascinating.  What had I been missing all those years while studying and not dating?  Did men really behave in such a caveman way?  It confused me.
I found it interesting that the only two men who’d managed to turn me on were so opposite in looks.  Peter had rich, deep blue eyes and dark hair.  He was tall and muscular, but his build was a lean muscular build of an athlete who runs or swims.  Max, on the other hand was blonde with pale blue eyes that darkened just a bit when things got intense.  He was an inch or two taller than Peter with that body builder look.  
Two such very different looks that got the exact same reaction from me.
I couldn’t help wondering if there was something more going on than just the battle for the woman.  With Max not reacting to the loss of our corpse as severely as I would have expected, and Peter peppering both him and me with questions that only someone with a vested interest would be expected to ask, I had to wonder what lay beneath the superficial layer of it all.
Peter was the aggressor in the situation.  He pounded Max with questions about the deaths over the last year or so. It was through his questions that I learned that, not only were there at least a dozen mysterious deaths over the last few years, but almost all the corpses disappeared before they reached the undertaker for embalming.  This bit of news was unsettling, but also a relief.  I no longer felt horrid about losing Jacob Tripp.
“I didn’t want to tell you about the bodies disappearing,” Max said as he looked directly at me. “It’s nothing I’m proud of.  I was hoping that changing where we took them would stop the thievery.”
“Are you sure it’s thievery?” Peter asked.
Max took a deep breath while rolling his eyes.  “Okay, doc.  I realize that you’ve spent at least a decade removed from civilization while living in third world countries amidst people who believed in and practiced voo doo or hoo doo or some kind of doo doo that would make them believe a dead body can just get up and walk away, but you’re back in the states now.  We maintain a more scientific approach to things.”
Peter shrugged and turned away. “I’m sure you’re right.”
Max puffed out his chest as if to indicate he’d won that round. “I am.”
“So, what do we do now?” I asked. “How have you been handling the disappearances?”
“The hospital in Mechanicsburg has a fairly tight-lipped crew.  They’ve managed to keep things quiet.”
“What about the relatives?” Peter asked with surprise. “Don’t they make some kind of a stink?”
“It’s a bit crazy, but the body snatcher seems to pick bodies where there is no living relative to claim it.  All of them were being buried by the county.”
“Well, that’s damned convenient,” I mused. When I looked up and saw both Peter and Max staring at me after my remark, I blushed.  “I mean, it’s weird, right?  How would the snatcher know these things? Whoever it is, must work in a place 
that gives access to the records.”
Max scowled in thought. “The county, the funeral home, the sheriff’s office, or the hospital.  My crew are few and dedicated, but I investigated them just the same. It makes no sense that the funeral home would steal a body since it was destined to go to them anyway.  That left the county and the hospital.  I came up empty with the county workers who live in the area, so I’d settled on it being someone in the hospital.   Since I didn’t take Jacob to the hospital morgue, there was no reason to tell them about him.” He shook his head. “If it is a hospital worker, they’ve got to be keeping abnormally close tabs on Wolf Junction; which I doubt.  That brings me back to county workers.” 
Before I could filter my words, I said, “Angela is a county worker.”  A look of horror consumed my face as I looked at Peter’s shocked reaction to my words and then at Max’s intense and thoughtful look.   I scrambled to redeem myself. “Maybe she can help us figure out who’d have access to such records.”
“Besides her?” Max asked matter-of-factly.
“I don’t think she sees that kind of information,” I said defensively.  “She’s a traveling case worker.”
“If she has access to the internet and has permission and the knowledge to maneuver their employee website, she does,” Max pointed out.
Peter scowled and scratched his chin.  
“Angela is my long-time friend, but I have to agree with Max.  She could have access to the information. She also knew the corpse was down here.”
I gasped with surprise and disappointment that Peter would and could turn on an old friend that easily.  Once again, I questioned what was really going on.
“Well, since she spent yesterday afternoon at lunch with you and me and then sat on the porch talking to me and Evan after that, I’d like to know when she had the opportunity to whisk away a dead body that weighed twice as much as she did.  I would have seen a car coming up to take it away as well.  This happened when I was at the café with you and Angela, Peter, so I believe that leaves your good friend in the clear.” I was sure to emphasize the words ‘good friend’.
The pedestal I’d placed Dr. Peter Thomason on just lowered a few inches.
 
NINE
It was well after midnight before Max was satisfied that he’d checked all he could for a clue as to who stole the body enough to depart.   I was exhausted.  In fact, I was so exhausted that when Peter said that he should probably call a cab to take him to his hotel instead of imposing on me to drive him there, I almost agreed.  Instead, I suggested that he stay in one of the many rooms my house possessed.
I struggled to keep my body functioning long enough to supply him with some of the things I’d been taught by my parents to keep on hand in the event of unexpected guests, such as a toothbrush, toothpaste, showering supplies, and in his case, shaving supplies. He smiled appreciatively at me as he hugged his goodies to his chest and made his way to the room I’d suggested he use.  It had an en suite bathroom, as did many, so he wouldn’t have to venture back out into the hall until 
he’d slept and was refreshed.  
I’d made it a point to tell him to make himself at home in the kitchen when he awoke, so I don’t know why I was surprised to find him sitting at the table with a freshly brewed cup of coffee in front of him.  
When he smiled and said ‘good morning’ in the most annoyingly chipper way as he stood to fetch me a cup, I waved him back into his seat.  I’d hoped to be the first to arise so that I could keep the fact that I was not a morning person a secret, but the cat was out of the bag.  There was no way of disguising how my body refused to function until after I’d had at least one cup of coffee and how it took even longer for my lips to be capable of forming anything close to a smile.  
“Sunshine in the morning you are not,” Peter teased as he watched me with eyes that literally sparkled.
“You’re perky enough for the two of us,” I mumbled.
“Are you sure you got enough sleep?  You were pretty exhausted.”
“I would have liked to stay in bed all day, if you want to know the truth, but I have a full day of patients.”
“I can take them for you.”
I stopped sipping on my coffee and considered his suggestion.  It was mighty tempting, but it wouldn’t do to have a substitute so early in the game.  I was only just earning the trust of the patients I had managed to acquire.  Someone as competent as Peter waltzing in on my behalf could backfire. I decided to be honest about it. “I appreciate the offer, but I don’t think I’m established enough to let an old pro like you cover for me.”
“I hadn’t thought about that, but you’re probably right.”  He poured himself more coffee and leaned his backside against the counter while he looked at me.  Since his eyes didn’t really look like they were focused on me enough to register that he was looking at me, I assumed the wheels of his brain were turning and he just happened to have his eyes in my direction.  I knew I was right when he said, “What if I work alongside you?  I’ll take a few of your patients just to help shorten your day.  You can decide which ones.”
A smile of relief spread across my face. “I’d like that.”
“And I like that morning smile, even if it is a burden to those beautiful lips first thing in the morning.”
“You think my lips are beautiful?” I said without thinking.  Once again, I was displaying my lack of savoir faire with men.  An experienced woman would have had a witty comeback.
He set his cup onto the counter and moved to stand in front of me.  Our eyes locked as he took my cup from me and set it on the counter by where I stood.  “I think all of you is beautiful, doctor.  Very, very beautiful.”
I emitted a slight gaspy moan as he lowered his lips to mine. His kiss was soft and gentle, but it woke my senses up like someone had tossed a bucket of water on me.  I threw caution to the wind and wrapped my arms around his neck to prevent him from escaping. I didn’t want this moment to end.  Never, ever, ever.
I was grateful that it was my die-hard habit of showering before I went to bed, no matter how tired I was and to brush my teeth almost immediately upon arising as he slid his long, slender fingers beneath the tee shirt I’d slept in to cup my braless breasts; one with each hand.  His kisses grew more intense as his thumbs teased my hardened nipples.  I was in heaven.
When I eased up on my hug to allow him to tear his lips from mine, he bent me backward over the counter to give his mouth clear access to my wanting breasts.  I was at a loss at what to do, so I stayed out of his way and reveled in the sensation.
When he suckled so hard I thought I’d go insane while he slid a hand down the front of my sweat shorts, I buried my fingers into his ebony hair as the threat of an orgasm overtook me. 
His fingers slid between my moist thighs and I jumped with erotic delight.  He gave a deep throated chuckle as he moved from one breast to the other, but it didn’t deter him from what he was doing. 
I’d never felt anything so wonderful as the sensations that occurred while he suckled, rubbed, and probed my body.  I found it difficult to keep my hips from gyrating to and fro. Yet, he miraculously didn’t miss a beat as he continued to taunt and tease me in ways I knew men did, but had never experienced for myself.
I was about to explode.  I needed him to do something to bring me to my peak before my body rebelled and imploded. “I need you,” I gasped.
“What do you want me to do?” he asked in a husky voice while holding my nipple between his teeth. “Tell me and I’ll do it.”
“Take… take me,” I stammered.
“Here?” 
“Anywhere,” I practically screamed.  “Just do it.”
He pulled my jersey shorts off my body with one swift movement and sat me on the counter.  I was just the right height for him to 
enter me without having to bend down at all.  
He was wearing loose fitting linen pants that he quickly undid to expose his hardened rod.  A man of the world, he was clearly prepared for situations like this.  He pulled a condom from his pocket and put it on with such smooth and surprising speed that it in no way impaired the passion that had built up between us. I gasped as he pushed into my opening, but I made no mention of the fact that I was still a virgin when he plunged deep inside of me.
I knew it would hurt.  I expected it to hurt. After all, he was tearing away a piece of me.  I also expected a bit of blood.  My medical studies taught me that both the hymen and the bleeding varied from woman to woman, but I expected some blood.  I also expected the pain to subside and for it to start to feel good.  When that didn’t happen right away, I grew concerned.
The edge of the counter cut into the back of my thighs as he pulled my hips to the edge and held me in place while he rammed himself in me at a speed that grew progressively more aggressive.  I was uncomfortable and found no joy in what was occurring.  I missed the gloriousness that I’d experienced during foreplay.  I felt raw and it actually burned.  Even if I wanted him to stop, I doubt I would have been able to get him to.  He was a man on a mission and that mission was to get the release his engorged penis clearly needed.  So, I buried my face into his muscular chest and hoped he’d end things soon.
I could feel him quite a way into my abdomen when he finally stopped ramming me and jolted while grunting to signify he’d accomplished his mission.  I wanted to be mad at him for such a disappointing experience but, how could I? It was me who demanded he take me, wasn’t it?  He only did what I’d asked him to do.  I just wish I understood why it burned and hurt so much.  I’d had plenty of conversations with women about sex during my medical studies to know that most women hurt for a bit and then it felt marvelous.  What happened?
He held the condom in place as he pulled out.  A scowl formed on his face when he saw the amount of blood on it. “Are you on your menses?”
“I was a virgin,” I snipped.
“I’m a doctor.  I could feel your hymen, or what was left of it.  I knew you were a virgin, but you shouldn’t have bled that much.  Your hymen had already been pierced, but it wasn’t pushed away like it would be had you had intercourse.”
Thoughts of rolling around on the ground next to a dead body with Max’s finger inside of me flashed through my mind and I forced it back. “It burned like a son-of-a-bitch too,” 
He didn’t even try to hide his shock.  “The entire time?”
I nodded.
“Something’s wrong.  I’m going to need to examine you.”
I groaned my dissatisfaction with the turn of events as I headed upstairs to clean up and then meet him in my examining room.  I was at a loss as to why this would have happened and so was he.
My heart felt heavy as I washed away the remnants of our love making. Something that should have been so beautiful turned out to be so awful.  Tears mixed with water as I scrubbed at my face.
I met him in my examination room about thirty minutes later.  We had exactly one hour 
before my first patient was scheduled to arrive.
I’d dressed for the day without considering the fact that I’d have to remove my pants for him to examine me.  Once I was naked from the waist down, I climbed onto my examination table and propped my legs in the stirrups.  He asked me if I wanted to cover myself with a sheet and I simply glowered at him. He’d just left there. What was there to be modest about at this point?
After a few hums and ahhs, he asked me how much I knew about sex enhancer capsules.  I knew nothing, and I told him so.  With a raised brow and a smirk, he announced that I’d had a capsule inserted into me that was intended to be sucked out orally by my partner.  It apparently was filled with mint and was quite satisfying for the one performing the oral sex.  The process of the tongue probing and sucking the capsule out was what satisfied the woman it was inserted into.  Apparently, the gel cap was shoved into me and dissolved, causing the mint to spread all through my vagina.  It was like putting a huge glob of Menthol on a sensitive membrane.   He felt that the abrasiveness of the mentholated herb also increased the bleeding.  He didn’t notice anything because he was wearing a condom.  He guessed that, had we not had sex, it would have fallen out on its own; probably when I went to the bathroom.
Memories of feeling something being inserted inside of me while I was in the throes of passion with Max flooded my brain. Clearly it wasn’t just his finger.  
“The question is how that thing managed to find its way into my beautiful virgin,” he mused.
I chose to ignore his comment. “Now 
that you say it’s mint, I can feel it.” 
“I was irritating it with the friction I caused.  You’re supposed to use your tongue and suck, not your dick and pump,” he said, more to himself than to me.
Before I could say a word, he pushed his face into my exposed crotch and drove his tongue deep into me. I had to admit that it felt soothing.  I wanted to ask him how he knew about such things when he’d been shut away in a remote third world, but I felt so good and wonderful that I couldn’t speak.  I especially didn’t want to say or do anything that would make him stop doing what he was doing with that lovely mouth of his so that he could answer.
He played with and teased my clitoris while his tongue laved and sucked the mint from inside of me.  Little by little I could feel an orgasm building. With my feet still in the stirrups, my hips were forced to stay still, which was probably the safer thing for Peter since I felt like a wild woman.  This was what I’d expected when he was inside of me.  This was the height of pleasure I’d missed.
When he stopped and asked me if I felt better, I almost went insane.  “You can’t just stop in the middle of a climax like that.  What’s wrong with you?”
He stammered for a reply.  “I was trying to ease your discomfort.  I figured if I sucked most of it out and you came, it would pretty much wash away.  That is what happened, right?”
I slapped my hand over my soft mound and massaged myself. “I can’t believe you’re going to leave me like this.”
He cocked his head to the side. “It felt that good?”
“Damn it Peter!”
He pulled another condom from his pocket and dropped his pants to expose an engorged penis.  It was clear that I wasn’t the only one it was that good for.  “If it hurts, tell me.  I think I got most of it out, but I won’t be able to tell.”
“Just do it, please,” I moaned.
I wasn’t at the same height as when I was at the counter, so he had to raise the table to make me so.  I sighed with relief as I felt him push inside of me.  Unlike the first time, there was no pain and no burning.  The remnants of the mint were just enough to arouse me.   I pulled my shirt up and slid my breasts from my bra so that he could suckle while he peaked.  I don’t know why, but something told me that he liked it that 
way.  I know that I did.
When we’d satiated our lust and things 
calmed down, I lay on the examination table and watched as he put himself back together.
He patted my foot as he said, “You’d 
better get ready for your first patient. It’s almost time.”
“There were plenty of ways to clean that shit out of me,” I said as I sat up and stuffed my breasts back into my bra.
He smiled that sexy smile of his. “I know.”  Helping me off the table, he added, “I’d heard about those capsules, but never tried one.  I wanted to see what it was like.”
I pulled my slacks on and zipped up the front. “And?”
“I can see the attraction.”
“Weren’t you in Africa for the last decade?  How did you hear about them?  Are you a member of some type of underground internet sex club or something?”
“There’s a lot about these third world countries that we could take into our advanced and so-called sophisticated society,” he said with a sneer.  “I’ll have you know that little capsule that was so cleverly tucked in your snatch is part of a voo doo type religious ceremony.  We white people found out about it and, of course, changed its usage to suit our glutenous needs.”
I was dumbfounded to the point of being speechless.
“You still haven’t said how it came to be there,” he pressed.
I had no intention of telling him that it was placed there by Max, but I sure intended to confront that son-of-a- bitch about it as soon as I could. “What type of ceremony is it used for?”
“Fertility.  It’s believed to strengthen the man’s sperm and the process of retrieving it gets the woman to release a lot of juices for the sperm to travel in.”
“Mint does that?”
“Mint is there to mask the taste of the other ingredients.”
I looked at the clock as I put on my white lab coat. “I have to unlock the door.”
“That’s convenient,” he muttered.
“It is,” I grinned as I started to leave the room.  When I reached the door, I turned to him and said, “Thanks for that, by the way.  It was nice to wipe out that first experience with such a fabulous orgasm.”
I could hear him laughing and a soft 
“You’re welcome, beautiful” as I headed for the entrance door to my office. 
TEN
The day went faster than I thought it would.  True to his word, Peter lessened my load by helping me with whatever patients I felt comfortable having him see. It was both refreshing and reassuring when several of them insisted on seeing me. I know it’s silly of me to worry, but with such a large education debt looming over me, I was a little fearful of failure.  Not to mention that walking in Peter’s shadow was a bit intimidating.
He kept himself busy in between patients by tending to some of the filing and making reminder phone calls to those who had appointments the next day.
When the last patient left, I leaned against the door after locking it and smiled my thanks to him.  “I appreciate your help.”
“We make a good team,” he said as he 
stood up and stretched in a cat-like manner.  “How about some dinner?”
“I’m too tired to cook.”
“I’ve lived off humble home cooking for years.  I want rich, spicy, aromatic, commercially cooked cuisine.  No offense to your cooking, of course.”
“None taken,” I said as I worked my shoulders to ease the tension in them.
“I think I should order in,” he mused. “You look too spent to go out.  We had pizza last night. So, it’s either I go pick up diner food or we have Chinese delivered.”
“Does that mean you plan on staying again tonight?” I asked with smirk and a raised brow.
“Would you really send me away after what we shared?  We’ve become as one, don’t you think?  I’m talking about working with the patients, of course.”
I emitted a humph and headed for the main part of the house. “I want General Tso’s Chicken and some wonton soup.”
“Yes, ma’am.  Coming up.”
Hearing his teasing and light tone helped pick me up enough to make the stairs. The realization that I was dating the handsome doctor I’d silently mooned over for over a decade gave me a sudden burst of energy, I practically skipped to my bedroom so that I could change into my sweats and a tee shirt.  It didn’t even dawn on me to go to a little more trouble to look my best because the man I’d thought about for years and had sex with twice that day was still in the house.  I was tired and aiming for comfort.  I guess that’s where my lack of dating skills showed.  I not only didn’t know any better, I didn’t care.
It’s always been a habit of mine to take a quick shower at the end of a busy day when I’ve been interacting with so many people, so I hopped into the tub and pulled the curtain closed.  As much as I reveled in sinking into that claw foot tub when it was filled with hot water and bubbles, I didn’t enjoy it doubling as a shower.  If I ever had the opportunity to purchase the house, the first thing I’d do would be to install a proper shower stall.’
That burst of energy that I had was short lived.  By the time I stepped out of the shower, I was exhausted, once again.
I’d just finished towel drying my hair when my phone rang.  It was Megan making a friendly call to see how things were going with me and my tenants.  Even though they’d been with me a few months, she always started her conversations by saying she was calling to see how they were working out.
Normally, when she’d call, I was happy for the upbeat and witty conversation, but I felt abnormally drained of all energy and wasn’t up to talking to anyone. In fact, it was my intention to go downstairs and make my excuses to Peter.  I wasn’t even sure I had enough strength in me to eat dinner.
Noticing a shift in my personality, she questioned me about what was wrong.  I assured her that all was well and that I was simply tired from a long day with patients.  I don’t know if she believed me, but as far as I was concerned I was telling the truth.  Why else 
would I feel so completely wiped out?
I decided to lay down on my bed for a few minutes before I ventured down that long, winding staircase to make my excuses to Peter.  My heart beat a bit harder than would be considered normal as I pushed my body to move when it clearly hadn’t the energy to do so.   I told myself that if I took just a few minutes of rejuvenation on the bed, I should be fine to go downstairs to let Peter know that my party was over for the night.
I don’t remember lying there, so my guess is that I fell asleep just as soon as my head hit the pillow. 
I was plagued with nightmarish dreams.  
I woke up to the sound of the floorboards creaking as someone walked past my room. Since I was the only one with a room on that side of the wing and no one else had reason to be on it, I ran to the door and stepped out into the hall in time to see the back of a man I was positive was Jacob Tripp. My mouth fell open for want of what to say or do as I watched him walk to the wing that I’d placed Peter in and go in and out of the rooms.  He turned so that I could see his face. It was a distance away, but I was sure it was Jacob.  Suddenly, Peter stepped out into the hallway and stood talking to Jacob.  It was all too creepy and frightening.   I ran back into my room in a panic and locked my door before flinging my body onto the bed and willing myself back to sleep.  
My body finally settled down, but it 
wasn’t restful.  Then it was dark all around me until I saw Peter dancing around a campfire with natives who wore masks and had painted bodies.  He threw something into the fire that made the flames shoot high into the air.  Then, I saw us lying on the ground next to the fire.  We were naked and having sex.  We acted as if we were completely oblivious to the fact that the natives danced around us.
Suddenly, Max stepped out of the dark and into the firelight.  His gun was drawn.  He pulled Peter and me apart before he shot and killed most of the natives when they tried to stop him from taking me away with him.
I woke up the following morning, sweating profusely
.
ELEVEN
It took yet another long shower and several minutes of standing in front of the mirror talking to myself to get my body and my mind back on track after such a horrific night of dreaming.  I was still very tired, but felt a few cups of strong coffee would change that.  Having three showers within a twenty-four-hour period was an excellent way to dry out my skin, so I took the time to slather on body lotion before getting dressed and going downstairs.
For the first time since I’d moved to Wolf Junction and set up my office, I was thankful for the light day that I had scheduled with patients.  I rarely felt as tired as I had over the last few days.  I decided that I’d let my immune system weaken with all of the stress over a lost corpse and other things, like rolling on the ground in a lover’s embrace right next to that corpse with the sheriff and having sex on my kitchen counter and then my examination table with a fellow physician. What got into me?  I didn’t recognize myself.
 I found Peter basking in the morning sunshine.  He’d pulled my favorite rocker from its designated spot on the front porch to where the sun was hitting so that he could absorb its warmth. He looked peaceful and worry free as he rocked with his eyes closed and his handsome face positioned to receive the full effects of the morning’s rays. I couldn’t help wondering what thoughts were going through his head.  Was he remembering good times?  The smile on his kissable lips clearly indicated he wasn’t having fitful dreams like I had. I hated to disturb him and almost went back inside, but a floorboard creaked under my weight and tore him from his reverie.
“Good morning, sleepy head,” he said as his smile broadened. “That was some long shower.”
“I’m sorry.  I was so unbelievably tired.  I thought that if I rested for a minute on the bed I’d regenerate and at least be able to spend an hour or two with you, but I don’t 
even remember my head hitting the pillow.”
“You still look tired.  Should I be concerned? Or, is that just your morning look?  As I recall, you weren’t a barrel of sunshine yesterday morning either.”
“I might be fighting off something,” I said as I pulled a chair up next to him while being careful not to spill one drop of the precious caffeine laden coffee in my oversized mug. “I’ll bet that sun feels good.”
“You’d do well to get a bit of the sunshine vitamin.  When was the last time you took a walk?  That might be why you’re not feeling well.”
“I walked to meet you and Angela at the café the other day,” I mused.  “I try to get out and walk at least three times a week.  I mostly do it on days when my patient load is light.”
“That makes sense,” he said as he sat forward and rested his elbows on his knees.  “So, it isn’t a vitamin deficiency effecting your immune system.  Stress, maybe?”
“That’s what I figure,” I said with a yawn.
“Who do you have today in the line of patients?”
“Let’s see. I have an arthritis case, a follow up on a dislocated shoulder, and a hypochondriac who will have some unknown, made-up, or exotic disease for me to deal with.  She comes in once a month.  I think it takes her that long to research the symptoms.”
“How old is she?”
“If memory serves me, she’s in her mid-forties,” I said.  “Why?”
“No reason other than it determines how to deal with her, that’s all.  If she was in her eighties, I’d be including dementia into the mix.” 
“I’ve considered that even at her age.  As you know, dementia can strike as early as in their thirties.”
He nodded. “True, but she’s probably a hypochondriac like you said.  A sad product of some dysfunctional childhood or an inherited genetic compulsive disorder.”
 “Inherited?”
“Most likely.  There was an intensive study done on obsessive compulsive disorders.  They determined that people tended to be genetically predisposed to adapt the disorder as a result of social or familial conditioning.  Interesting, eh?”
“Actually, it is.  Where might I find the papers on this study?”
“I read them while in Africa, but if it’s really something you want to read, I suppose I can hunt down the source for you.”
I placed my hand over my heart.  “You’d do that for me?”
His rich, blue eyes smoldered with desire. “Baby, you have no idea what I’d do for you.”
“What an insatiable appetite you have,” I giggled.
“Only when it comes to you, my beautiful.”
I wrinkled my nose.  “Maybe I was never told that I’m beautiful because I didn’t date.  It’s strange to hear you say it.”
“I noticed that about you when you were in my class all those years ago,” he said as he reached over and stroked my cheek with his thumb.
“What?”
“You have no idea how lovely you are.”
I nodded while yawning, yet again.
“That does it,” he said as he stood and extended his hand for me to take. I allowed him to pull me to my feet.  Chills of delight ran down my spine as he spoke softly into my ear.  “You’re going back to bed and I’m going to tend to your three patients.  When I finish, I’m going to join you in that bed and examine you from head to toe.”
“Is that a promise?” I asked in a voice that sounded seductive, even to me.
He slapped my backside in a playful 
manner while pulling my coffee mug from my hand.  “Off with you.”
I obediently made my way back inside.  I turned to look at him one more time before ascending the staircase.  He was smiling and drinking my coffee.
I couldn’t get back in bed fast enough.  I couldn’t remember ever feeling so tired.  I got back up and got the thermometer from the medicine cabinet and hopped in bed.  After waiting the appropriate time, I checked to see if I had a fever.  My temperature was normal. That, at least, was a relief.  
I’d always led a sensible, thought propelled life.  Of late, it had been more of an emotion propelled life.  My psyche was probably fighting it.  
As I snuggled beneath the covers, I 
nervously worried about dreaming those horrid things again.  It was with great effort that I told myself I’d have a peaceful sleep and not one bad thought would enter.
It must have worked, because the next thing I knew Peter was beneath the covers with me.  His hands were working diligently to relieve me of my sweat shorts without disturbing me.  I giggled and rolled onto my back so that I could raise my hips and make things easier for him.
“I thought you were going to examine me?”  I giggled sleepily.
“Indeed, my beauty.  I believe in doing things naturally.” His voice became muffled as he slid beneath the covers. “I intend to use my eyes, my hands, and a few other body parts that could prove useful in determining your state of well-being.”
“Truly?” I chuckled.  “What body parts might that be, doctor?”
“Let’s play a little game,” he said as he gently spread my legs far enough apart for him to fit his body between them. “Let’s see how well you remember your anatomy lessons.  As I use the part, you identify it.”
I have no idea how long Peter was in my bed.  I just know his foreplay was something I could have had go on for days and days.  Since I had no other lovers to compare him to, I could only guess at his prowess, but I believe he’d rank high in scoring.  
 When he left my bed and began to dress, I whined like a spoiled child about having to get up and deal with the world. He informed me in no uncertain terms that I was going to finish my unexpected day off sleeping. He expected me to have caught up with all of my sleep and be my exuberant self the following day. In the meantime, he was going to go pick up his things at the hotel and move them into that cozy room I’d put him in.  I didn’t argue as I rolled over and closed my eyes.
Life was good.

TWELVE


My body finally had its fill of sleep around two o’clock in the morning.  I felt fully rested and fidgety.  I needed to either get out of bed or find something to do in bed that would occupy my attention. I lay wishing I’d put a television in my bedroom like I’d been contemplating doing so that I could entertain myself.  I was in the middle of reading a good mystery, but the novel was in the living room downstairs.
When I could stand it no more, I climbed out of bed and pulled my terry robe on over my tee shirt and jersey shorts.  Sliding my feet into my slippers, I padded my way to the top of the grand staircase.  
Memories of my horrific dreams popped into my head and I stood at the top of the stairs and looked off into the darkness of the wing I’d dreamed Jacob was wandering. I rubbed my eyes when I saw something move through the darkness.  Peter wasn’t back, was he?  
Knowing Angela was gone, I struggled to remember if Evan was out of town too. It wasn’t uncommon for their trips to coincide or overlap each other.  In fact, I’d made a joke of it to Angela during one of our girl talks. I just couldn’t remember, so I tip-toed down the hall that led to his set of rooms and listened at the door to see if there was any life behind them.  Since Evan was a profound snorer, it would be easy to tell if he was sleeping.  If he was home and not sleeping, then I’d see light coming from beneath the door since I couldn’t imagine a writer sitting idly in the dark.
All was quiet and there was no light.  Evan was more than likely out of town.  A slight smile formed on my lips as I contemplated my suspicions that Evan and Angela were a bit more than just boarders.  If they were, it wasn’t my business, but it sure was romantic.
A window was strategically placed at the end of the hall of each wing. Since the house was built before Wolf Junction would have joined the band wagon and installed electricity into their homes, I assumed it was to assist with lighting.  There was also a bay section of each wing with a light.  These not only aided with light distribution, but it created a type of cooling system in the hotter months.  I hadn’t been in the house to experience its effectiveness in the summer months, but, if it wasn’t efficient, I intended to put window units in the rooms.
I was more awake now.  So, when I saw a male figure in Peter’s wing while looking at the moonlight filtering through the window at the end of the hall, I grew nervous. Was Peter back?  If so, what was he doing creeping around the house in the dark in the middle of the night? 
I thought about calling him, but then it hit me. I had absolutely no idea how to reach him.  I’d never gotten his cell phone number from him and I didn’t bother to ask what hotel he was staying in.  Since Wolf Junction proper didn’t have a hotel, he’d have to be staying in one of the motels along route 33 or in the hotel in the town fifteen miles east of Wolf Junction.   
As silly as it sounded, in my panic over someone being in the house and my not having the foggiest idea how to reach Peter, I took the time to wonder why he was on foot at the super market.  The nearest motel was five miles from town limits.  Was he really such an avid fan of walking that he’d venture on foot?  Had he taken a cab with the intention of running his errands and then taking another cab back?  I shook my head.  It wasn’t important.  What was important was that I’d unmistakably seen a man in the house and I was alone.
I pulled my cell phone from my robe pocket and dialed Max. It took several rings before he answered.  His raspy voice was a clear indication that I’d woken him up.
I backed into the alcove and sat down on the window seat while whispering, “I didn’t know who else to call. I’m home alone and there’s someone in the house.”
“Who is this?” he demanded in a not so 
friendly tone.  “We have men on duty.  Why didn’t you call the station?”
“I don’t know.  I didn’t think.  I panicked, I guess.”
“Vickie?  Is that you?”
“It’s dark, but the silhouette shows it’s a man.  I’m sure of it,” I knew I sounded frightened, but I couldn’t help it.  I was frightened, and I wanted someone there 
pronto.
“I’m coming,” he said with urgency. “I’m only five minutes away.  Just hang tight and don’t move.”
“I’ll need to unlock the door to let you in,” I said, worriedly.
“Stay silent and still until you see the lights of my car pulling into the drive.  Then, do your best to descend the stairs as quietly as you can. I’m banking that whoever is in the house is under the assumption that you’re sound asleep.”
I nodded- as if he could see me- and disconnected the call.  After slipping the phone back into my pocket, I scooted into the corner of the window seat where the moonlight coming through was less apt to silhouette my body.  I pulled my knees close to my chest and hugged my legs while I held vigil by the light of the moon.
I didn’t look at the clock, but I guessed Max spoke truth about living close to me because he really did get there in a remarkably speedy time frame.  I saw his car pull into the driveway and stopped short when he turned out the lights.  Before I could get caught up in trying to understand the reason behind his actions, I forced my trembling legs to take me to the front door so that I could unlock it.  To my surprise, it was wide open.
Max hurried out of the car.  He’d barely reached the top step leading to the porch before I flew into his arms.
“Whoa there.  Are you okay?” he asked as he held me by my upper arms and pushed me far enough away so that he could see my face.
“The front door was wide opened,” I said with breathless worry.
“Are you okay?” he persisted.
“I’m just scared, that’s all,” I assured him.
“Well, that’s understandable,” he said sympathetically as he pulled me close and gave me a comforting hug. “We’ll talk about why it was unlocked later.  For now, I want you to plant yourself in that chair over there while I check out the house.”
I nervously did as he asked while I watched him pull his gun from his holster.  Rather than alert whoever was in there by turning on the lights, he leveled a flashlight over his gun and slowly enter the house.
The night felt empty and lonely as I waited and listened.  When I could finally stand it no longer, I went into my medical office and armed myself with a syringe full of GHB.  With a hospital so far away, I kept some on hand for those occasions when I needed to anesthetize my patient for a small procedure.   Someone who understood how to use GHB was capable of doing all kinds of sordid things, from date rape to murder.  I didn’t have the security that hospitals had so I debated about stocking it. I was officially glad I did.
With my knuckles white from the grip I had on the syringe, I stood at the bottom of the stairs and strained my ears to hear what was going on upstairs.  Did Max find the guy?  There’d been no gunshot, but that didn’t mean he hadn’t snuck up on him and put him in handcuffs. My overactive imagination went over a variety of scenarios on how the man’s capture could have gone down; which was good because it kept me occupied.
It wasn’t until I heard a loud ‘thump’ and then, nothing, that I began to worry. I knew better than to call for Max, but I also knew I couldn’t just stand there and do nothing.  Filling my lungs with air, I gathered all my courage and slowly ascend-
ed the stairs. 
I surprised myself by how steady my body moved.  If I hadn’t been the one experiencing such panic only minutes earlier, I would have never guessed I’d been anything but cool, calm, and collected.  I knew it was sheer will power and adrenaline taking charge, but I didn’t care.  I was just grateful for steady legs, a relatively cool head, and the steady hands I’d need if I was called upon to use my syringe.
When I reached the top of the stairs, I could see Max’s large body slumped on the floor.  With my eyes combing the darkness as best I could, I moved as quickly as I could while still maintaining a semblance of silence.  I cursed the old house with its creaking floors more than once before I reached Max’s limp body.  I set the syringe down on the floor while I quickly checked his vitals.  He had a nasty lump on his head that was sure to give him a horrendous headache for several days, but, otherwise, I believed him to be okay.
Every nerve in my body came alive and the hair on the back of my neck stood at attention.  I could hear nothing, but I just knew that the intruder was standing behind me. Guessing that he intended to pummel my head in the same way he’d done to Max, I acted as naturally as I could while I picked up the syringe and positioned it in my hand to be used as a weapon.
I closed my eyes. Since it was too dark to see much more than silhouettes, I felt that the concentration of my other senses that closing my eyes provided was most important.  My ears managed to hear the slightest sound of movement behind me.  It was enough to give me an idea of where he stood.  I already knew his height, since I’d seen his silhouette crossing the hall.   
I both surprised and shocked myself 
with the speed in which I whirled around on my knees and slammed the needle into his thigh. With the expert speed of a trained physician, I emptied the contents of the syringe into his thick muscle.  I expected him to howl in protest.  Instead, he merely grunted and grabbed my hair.  I yelped as I grabbed his hands in my own and struggled to free the length of hair he was pulling on.  His strength was intense. For a brief moment, I wondered if he’d pull the thick chunk of hair completely from my head. Then, his grip weakened until I could pull his hands away and he fell to the floor.  The sedative had finally kicked in.
I ignored the temptation to spend time rubbing my head where I’d nearly been scalped by plucking. Without hesitation, I grabbed Max’s handcuffs and, after positioning my intruder’s hands behind his back, I secured the cuffs on his wrists. Then, and only then, did I slap Max in the face hard enough to bring him back into 
consciousness.
I held my hand and actually kissed it in sympathy for the pain it endured from the impact of my palm against a face that was surely made of brick.  I was grateful that it only took one slap for Max to open his eyes and get his bearings.  I couldn’t imagine having to slap him again.
I raced to the wall and turned on the lights.  After a moment of squinting to adjust his eyes, Max gasped with surprise at the sight of the man lying face down next to him with his handcuffs binding his wrists.  “You did this?”
“I guess I did,” I said as I sat down and finally let the situation consume me.  Tears slid down my cheeks.  “I never want to do it again, either.”
“How?” he asked as he got on his knees and rolled the man onto his back.
“My weapon of choice was a syringe full of anesthesia.”  I closed my eyes and sighed. “I just hope I didn’t use too much.  I wanted to knock him out, not kill him.”
“Well, there’s no worry there,” Max said with a tone that made me open my eyes to see what was wrong. “Do you recognize him?”
My hands flew to my face as my eyes opened three times their normal size in disbelief.  There, on the floor, handcuffed and sedated was Jacob Tripp; my lost corpse!

THIRTEEN
The two of us sat in silence for an undetermined amount of time while we struggled to absorb and understand what was happening.  As the official county coroner, I’d declared Jacob dead along the roadside.  He’d been transported from the scene of his death to the funeral home and then from the funeral home to my examination lab without showing any signs of coming back to life.  How could he come back to life?  He was dead.  He really was.
I finally came to my senses enough to check his vitals.  He had none.  He wasn’t breathing, he had no heartbeat, he was as cold as one would expect a dead man to be and his skin was a pale gray like a dead man’s would be.  Since he was barefoot, I could even see the black around his ankles that happens when the person’s blood stops 
circulating and settles in pools.  
I looked at Max with unbridled confusion. “He’s got no vitals.  He’s dead, Max. I don’t get it.”
“He was alive enough to bop me over the 
head with something,” Max complained as he felt the lump that was growing ever larger.
“We need to get some ice on that,” I mused. “First, we have to do something with this corpse.  I just don’t know.  Do we put it back downstairs or does he go to jail?”
“I can’t arrest a dead man,” Max said matter-of-factly.  He surveyed the halls. “Isn’t there an elevator behind a door on that wing?  I remember old man Crowley telling me he used an elevator to bring down the body of his mother when she died.  He was a frail sort of man and could never have managed her on the stairs.”
“I have no idea about an elevator, but, then, I haven’t combed this place like some people would. There could be one on the west wing. No one uses it, so it could easily be overlooked.”
“This place is huge, Vickie. I know it has some amenities that come in handy for a doctor, but it’s really big to ramble around in,” he said with agitation.
“I’ll go look for the elevator and get you some ice,” I offered.
“Just find the elevator,” he grumbled as he heaved Jacob’s corpse over his shoulder.  “The ice can wait.”
“If we truly have an elevator to use, we can bring the gurney up here to take him down rather than you straining your back carrying him.”
Max shook his head. “I’m not letting him out of my sight for a second. Not until I know he’s locked up tight in that cooler of yours and I have possession of the key.”
Although he sounded way too macho for my taste, I didn’t argue.  He’d been clubbed from behind pretty hard and his head was surely throbbing from it.  Add that to the fact that the assailant was a corpse and his aggressive attitude was understandable.  So, instead of giving him a tongue lashing for his attitude, I nodded and scurried off to open doors in search of an elevator. I found it at the end of the hall, next to the window.  Thinking about its location, I realized that it would take us right down to the morgue.  If it didn’t stop on the first floor too, then a red flag was going to be raised as to why there’d be an elevator in a residence that led to the morgue only.
To my relief, the elevator did stop at the first floor and I also learned -at a later date- that the undertaker’s mother was in a wheel chair. Hence the reason for the elevator.  
I’ve never been good at riding in elevators.  I assume it was because I watched one too many scary movies where people got trapped in them and the devil or some equally scary creature showed up.  It was a residential elevator, not a commercial one.  This meant that there was only room for two to three people to comfortably fit in it.  Max and his burden equaled that without me.  I will never forget the horror of being flattened against the back of the elevator with Jacob’s cold flesh wedged against me.
I practically bulldozed Max out of my way when the elevator door opened.  I could hear myself intaking air as I rushed for the gurney and wheeled it to him. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that you were claustrophobic?”
“Maybe I just don’t like being wedged against the wall by a dead man,” I said as I steadied my breathing.  “I also don’t like elevators.”
“But, you’re not claustrophobic?” 
“It depends upon the circumstances, I guess.  I’ve been in tight places with no problem.  Like I said, it was probably the dead man in tight quarters.”
He dropped Jacob’s chemically inert and very dead body onto the gurney and I helped him position him so that he was aligned and straight on it. We strapped him onto it before wheeling it back into the walk-in refrigerator and closing the door behind us.  
Max looked around.  “What do you have to lock this with?”
“I can’t be sure, but I think there’s a padlock or two in the desk,” I offered.
He marched to the desk and vigorously pulled drawers opened. It was clear that his adrenaline was still working overtime. He found two padlocks in the third drawer down on the left. He grabbed them both and checked to make sure they had keys that worked with them.  The last thing he wanted to do was to lock the body in the cooler with no way to get it out other than with bolt cutters.
“I was serious when I said I wanted to hang onto the keys,” he said in a tone that was a bit gentler than before.  “These locks have two keys though, so, if you will hide yours, I’ll leave them for you.”
“That’s mighty kind chief,” I said with deliberate sarcasm.
“It’s nothing against you,” he said as he placed the palm of his hand over the lump on his head.  “Hell, my head hurts so bad.  Can we have this discussion at another time?”
“Come upstairs so that I can get a better look at that bump,” I said in a commanding tone that left no room for argument.
I stepped aside to allow him to ascend the stairs before me.  When I reached the top stair, I held my hand on the light switch while I accessed the room.  It felt damned creepy down there.  It was then that I realized I’d slept through the time the electrician was to come. I silently chastised myself as I turned off the light and locked the door behind me.  I would have to make a new appointment.
FOURTEEN
“You handled yourself pretty good tonight, doc,” Max said with a tone of approval.  When I said nothing as I focused on examining his eyes’ reaction to the light I was shining in them, he added, “Knocking out and handcuffing a corpse, now, that’s impressive.” I put the light back in my pocket and put the stethoscope in my ears so that I could listen to his heartbeat.  After finding none in Jacob, it was reassuring to hear the steadiness of his, even if it was accelerated. “Most people would be completely freaked out about a walking corpse.”
“I didn’t know it was a dead man.  I just knew it was a man,” I said as I pulled the stethoscope from my ears. “I can’t say what I would have done, had I known it was an animated corpse in the house.”
Max grinned.  “Animated corpse. I like that.”
“You seem a bit cavalier for having just been bludgeoned by a dead man,” I said accusingly. “What makes me think this isn’t your first encounter with something like this?”
Max stood up and buttoned his shirt before tucking it into the waist of his uniformed pants.  “I’m sure the report about Wolf Junction mentioned the mysterious deaths.”
“It did, but I assumed the mysterious part was a virus or bacteria in the drinking water to be identified and removed,” I explained.
“How familiar are you with dark magic?”
“This, coming from the man who mocked Peter for suggesting the very same thing?” I practically gasped.
“I don’t know this traveling doctor well enough to discuss things that go on in Wolf Junction.  Hell, it took me five months of watching you before I felt I could let you in on our secret.”
“Secret?  What secret? Are you trying to tell me that dead men walking around in the night is a common occurrence?”
“That’s exactly what I’m trying to tell you.”  He’d managed to place himself between me and the door so there was no escaping the conversation. “It’s been going on for a few years now. There’s a death like this somewhere in the county at least once a month.”
“There have been no deaths since I moved here,” I foolishly insisted.
“Not that you’ve been made aware of.  I had to make sure you could handle things.”
“So, you knew I’d lose the corpse and yet you allowed me to feel guilty about it?”
“I wasn’t sure how things went.  We’d always sent the bodies to the morgue in the city and they said very little except that there had to be body snatchers about.  I figured it was their police department’s problem, so I left it alone.  It wasn’t until the old doc died and there were reports about people who were supposed to be dead walking about the county at night that I was forced to take notice and get involved.”
“So, the old doctor was a part of this whole thing?”
“I can’t rightly say,” Max admitted. “It just seems pretty coincidental that the sightings started just after his death.”
“What do you think he was doing?”
“I’ve been studying this stuff, trying to get a better idea of their beliefs.  At first, I thought they were zombies, but they don’t eat people, they just walk around.”
“As far as you know,” I insisted.
“What?”
“You’ve researched in libraries and on the net, right?”
“That’s right.”
“Have you followed one of these things around to see what it’s doing?”
“I’ve just caught it and gotten it embalmed as quickly as possible. That seems to stop things,” he admitted.
“So that creepy, arrogant undertaker is in on this?” I spat with disgust.
“Only in as much as he’s told that the body was retrieved by the snatchers and needs to be embalmed immediately. They’re treated like emergency cases. Since they stink like a rotting corpse, he hasn’t questioned it.”
“How have you been catching them and subduing them enough to pass them off 
to the undertaker?”
Max looked away.  “You won’t believe this.”
“Try me.”
“Just like you did,” he whispered.
“With anesthesia?” I gasped.
“Exactly,” he said with a nod.
“I don’t understand,” I mumbled.
“It’s pretty wild that you did the same 
thing I was prepared to do to stop him,” he said as he reached in his pocket and pulled out a syringe about half the size of the one I’d used. “It’s not as much as what you used, but it does the trick.”
“How did you know to do that?”  I asked with genuine curiosity.
He shrugged.  “Trial and error.  What about you?”
“Well, it wasn’t with the intention of bringing down a dead man.”
Max chuckled.  “That had to be a shocker.”
I was suddenly furious with him.  I couldn’t put my finger on the exact reason. After all, I had several.  I just knew that I was angry with him and it was finally the right time to vent that anger.
“It was wrong of you to bring me into 
this without full knowledge of what I was getting into.  While I’m at it. It was also very wrong of you to shove that love capsule inside me!”
“Love what?” 
“Don’t play me for a fool.  You know very well what I’m talking about,” I hissed.  
By the look on his face, I questioned if he actually did know what I was talking about. If he didn’t, then how could that capsule have gotten inside of me? Surely Peter didn’t put it in me during foreplay and then deny it, did he? I gasped   with confusion.  There were far too many strange things happening and way too many secrets.  I literally didn’t know who to trust at this point. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Vickie,” he said in earnest as he lightly caressed the lump on his head.
The last thing I was going to do was to go into detail about the capsule and Peter, so I decided to let it drop for the moment.  “You’d better get some sleep. The sun will be coming up soon.”
“Do you have any pain killers?  I want to take my head off and stick it somewhere.”
“You should get that x-rayed just in case,” I said as I made myself busy picking up my office. 
“We still need an autopsy done on Jacob,” he said as he walked outside.
“I’ll get at it today,” I assured him as I closed and locked the door behind him.
I know I should have thanked him for coming over like he did, but I was just too angry. After all.  It was his fault the corpse was in my house to begin with.  Had he told me about things, I might have declined the position.  Even if I still did take it, I would have done things differently; like take precautions to assure the body couldn’t get up and walk away.
I went to the kitchen to brew some coffee.  It was going to be a long day and I had a lot of thinking and sorting out before it started.
 
FIFTEEN
I am not big on breakfast, so I was surprised to discover that I had an appetite.  I assumed it was because I’d been up for so many hours.  I fixed myself scrambled eggs and toast, wondered where Peter could be while I ate it, and then headed downstairs to get the autopsy out of the way. I made a detour to my office to get another syringe with GHB in it as a safety measure.  
My hands shook as I inserted the keys into the two padlocks Max insisted on locking the door with.  I’d used enough GHB in that syringe to keep him out for some time, but it had been a few hours and he was a big guy.  I also wasn’t sure how it affected dead people verses live ones. Was it more 
potent, or less?
I slowly pulled the door open far enough to peek in and make sure the body was still on the gurney.  I was glad we’d taken the extra measure of strapping it in.  He looked still and very dead.  I just hoped that was the fact of the matter.
With an enormous intake of air, I pulled 
the door wide open and walked into the cooler.  Chills covered my body that I was certain weren’t caused by the change in temperature.  I grabbed the end of the gurney and wheeled it out to the main room where I positioned it beneath the florescent light fixture that was the length of the gurney.
I remembered the electrician and pulled my cell phone from my pocket to call him.  After making what seemed like a thousand apologies for wasting his time, I convinced him to come that afternoon. He wanted to come right away, but agreed to wait after hearing that I was in the beginning stages of an autopsy.  I wasn’t sure if I should have divulged to him that I was the official medical examiner since we didn’t know who was involved in the case of the walking dead, but I figured he’d put two and two together fast enough when he came to update the electricity.
Still in my terry robe, I slipped a lab 
coat on over it and then put on a mask and gloves.  Rolling the utensil tray next to the body, I began the examination.
The first cut was the hardest.  I didn’t know what to expect.  Would he sit up and protest my slicing in to him? Could he feel it?  All the times I’d cut into corpses in the past, something like that never occurred to me to even contemplate.  Then, those corpses had never gotten off a gurney and attacked me either.
With no signs of him feeling what was happening when I sliced into his chest, I allowed the medical side of me to take over and forgot about the fact that he’d been a corpse gone wild.
I found nothing to indicate the cause of death in his body cavity, so I moved to his brain.  “What happened to make you be the way you are, Mr. Tripp?”  I mumbled as the saw blade cut off the top of his skull to display his brain.  I set the saw down and pulled the cap of his skull completely away from his head so that I could clearly see the enormous black matter in the center of his brain.  Taking the long tweezers, I pulled it out.  It turned out to be a sizable member of the Araneae species, better known as a spider.  As I continued to pull it free, pieces of webbing came with it.  “What the heck?”
I pulled my cell phone from my pocket with my free hand and called Max.  Without a ‘hello’ or a ‘good-bye’ I demanded that he come over immediately.  He arrived only minutes later.
“What is it?” he asked as I let him in through the morgue entrance.
“I want you to see something,” I said over my shoulder as I quickly returned to the body. “I’m not sure how this would make him animated, but I found it in his brain.  It was building a web.”
“You don’t say?” Max looked completely 
floored.  “What the hell?  I’ve read nothing about spiders in the brain of these things.”
“I have,” I offered quietly.
He looked at me with sky blue eyes that were wide with surprise.
“It was in a story book as a child, but I remember it.  The spider crawled into the head through the ear while the person was sleeping and settled in its brain.  It became a beacon or transmitter for the witch who was controlling the people.”
“Damn. How old were you when you 
read that?  A teenager, I hope.”
I laughed. “Actually, I was about ten years old. The book belonged to my cousin who was trying to frighten me.”
“Which means that your cousin was a boy and not much older than you.”’
“Of course.”
“Typical,” he said with a sigh as he pulled out an evidence bag and put the spider into it.  “Well, in this case I’m glad for it.  You know, they say that most myths stem from truth. I’m going to research witchcraft and spiders to see what I can come up with.”  He stepped away from the gurney and looked at Jacob, as if for the first time. “Damn.  I don’t know if I could do your job, Vickie.”
“Nor I yours,” I said with a smile.
His beautiful blue eyes darkened with a hint of desire as he grinned at me.  “So, there you have it.” As he walked to the exit door, he asked, “What time should I tell Zacharias to fetch the body?”
“Give me an hour.”
He looked me up and down and chuckled. “You might want to put some decent clothes on.  You wouldn’t want to give creepy Zacharias any fuel for gossip.”
“So, you think he’s creepy too!” I exclaimed. “I’m so glad.  I thought it was just me.”
I needed him to throw his head back in genuine laughter the way he did.  Things had gotten far too serious and heavy for my taste.  I giggled as I looked down at my bare legs that showed below the terry robe that stopped at my knees and at my fluffy slippers.  He was right. I needed to change.  “Better give me an extra half hour.”
 






SIXTEEN
Exactly ninety minutes later, creepy Zacharias pulled up to the door of the mortuary to fetch the body.  I’d managed to put Jacob’s skull back together so that you could barely tell that I’d cut it open, but that still didn’t stop him from fussing about the extra work he had in front of him to camouflage the butcher job I’d done on the poor man.   I bit my lip for fear of saying something I knew I’d regret and hustled him out to his hearse.  I expected the electrician at any moment and I didn’t want any stark reminders of what went on in the morgue greeting him.  Seeing the body being hauled away by the obnoxious undertaker was a sure given.
One hour later, Jameson Packson hesitated at the door with tools in hand. “Is the coast clear?”
“Clear and clean Mr. Packson. Please, come in.”
“You can call me Jamie, doc.  Everyone does.”
“Alright then, Jamie. As you guessed, I’ve turned this morgue into a medical examination room.  I’ve been hired by the county. The house is so old.  I’d like to have the entire building rewired, but, of course I can’t.  I would, however, appreciate it if you would check out this area and make sure it is up to code and in perfect working order.”
He stepped into the room and set his tools on the floor.  “Sure thing.” 
“I’ll be using that walk-in refrigerator, so please be sure to check that too.  I don’t have patients until this evening, so if you need to turn the main breaker off, feel free.  Just please give me a heads up before you do it, okay?”
“It’s a deal.”
“Alright then, I’ll get out of your way. I’ll be upstairs if you need anything.”
Jamie set to work like the professional that he was as I exited the lab through the stairs to the main house. I had to stop myself from reaching over and turning off the light, such was the habit I’d developed.  If I was nothing else, I was a creature of habit.
I didn’t feel like venturing out doors, nor did I want to read. As I ran my finger along the accent table in the broad foyer and saw the dust line, I knew what to do with my time.
An hour later, I was nodding with approval at the clean and shiny tops of the furniture in the parts of the house that I used.  There were still plenty of rooms downstairs that I was certain could use a good dusting, but they were shut off and, quite frankly, I’d run out of cleaning mojo.   I told myself that a nice cup of herbal tea would be just the ticket and then, perhaps, I’d feel inclined to go into those unused rooms with the feather duster.  They were sparsely furnished, so it wouldn’t be such an ardent task if I got myself motivated enough to do it.
As I sat at the kitchen table enjoying my tea, my mind settled on Peter.  He’d said he was going to collect his things from the hotel and bring them to my place.  That was almost twenty-four hours ago.  I could have kicked myself for not having the good sense to exchange cell numbers with him. He, at least, could call my office since it was a business listing, but I was completely handicapped when it came to reaching him.  If Angela was back, I would have asked her for his cell phone.  They were, after all, good friends so she should have it, or, at least know where he was staying.
Jamie’s deep, masculine voice calling me from the top of the stairs leading to the morgue brought me back to reality and I went to see what it was that he needed.
“It all looks up to code to me,” he said as he leaned against the wall.
“Seriously? Nothing is leaking electro-magnetic frequencies?”  When he chuckled and shook his head, I added, “Are you sure?”
He pulled out a hand-held EMF meter and shoved it at me. “Check for yourself.  There’s nothing for me to fix down there.”
My heart sank.  I couldn’t understand it. Things felt so odd down there; creepy.  It had to be the electromagnetic frequencies.  Why else would the hairs stand on my body like they did?
I didn’t take the meter. I felt that it would be an insult to him as a professional to do so. He already acted a bit indignant that I would question him. Instead, I paid his fee for the service call and thanked him, once again, for coming on such short notice after being stood up the day before.
After he left, I went back downstairs and stood in the middle of the room.  It just felt creepy. I looked around to see what I could do to change the feel of the place.  Perhaps a little Feng Shui was in order?  I’d never been a die-hard believer of it, but, at this point, I’d try anything.
I scooted back upstairs and sat in front of my computer.  It was time for a crash course on Feng Shui.  Although I didn’t put much stock in finding actual truth on the internet, I didn’t think much altering would be done to this type of information.  
After reading a few websites on the topic, I felt I had a good enough idea of what was needed to adjust the energy flow in the morgue so that I wouldn’t suffer every time I went downstairs. I found it fascinating that not every Feng Shui set up was suitable for everyone.  Since we are all individual machines of nature with an energy current of our own, the room is supposed to match us. I had a mind that was more open than most medical doctors because of my holistic training and background, but, even if I didn’t, this would make sense to me.
I felt encouraged as I headed back downstairs to adjust the energy flow of the room by repositioning things.  I even went so far as to put a few plants and vases with water in places that – according to the articles I’d read on the internet- needed them for balance.  When I finished, I left the morgue and stepped outside for some fresh air.  I was walking around the house with the intention of sitting on the front porch when I saw Peter standing at the end of the drive talking to Megan.
 
SEVENTEEN
My brows knit together as I tried to remember if he’d mentioned knowing her.  I’d met Angela through her and he was friends with Angela, so it wouldn’t be an odd thing if they were friends.  I decided to make it a point to get a bit more information out of my lover before I crawled back into bed with him.
It was Megan who spotted me first and waved her greeting.  I couldn’t help returning the broad smile she wore as she waddled up the drive.  Watching her struggle to get her arthritis riddled legs to walk, I was reminded of how old the woman truly was. Her witty and youthful conversations made it something that was easy to forget.
I rushed to spare her more walking than necessary.
“What a pleasant surprise, Megan,” I said as I gave her a quick hug. “What brings you here?  Is it an official visit or just friendly?  Are you well?”
Megan’s eyes sparkled in the late afternoon sun as she shook her head. “I brought your wayward doctor friend to you.  Neither of us have your cell phone number and your office phone is out of order.”
“Out of order?”  I gasped.  “I had no idea.”
I wracked my brain trying to think what could have happened to knock my phone out of order. The phone hadn’t rung all day, but, although it happened less and less, there were still days when it was like that, so I hadn’t worried or even thought to check it.  Had it been out all day?
“That ain’t no way to build your business,” she teased.
“It surely isn’t,” I agreed. “Come in, please.  I’ll make you some tea.  I picked up some delicious honey scones. Would you like to try one with your tea?”  I turned to Peter. “Do you need help with your things?”
He waved me into the house with a smile and a shake of his head.
When we got inside, Megan grabbed 
my arm so hard I flinched.  “You and I need to have a talk, but not in front of him. Come to my place tomorrow.  Can you do that?”
“I have a few patients, but I should be able to be there by four if that’s okay,” I said in a tone that was as hushed as hers.
When she heard Peter’s luggage being set on the floor of the foyer, she released my arm and smiled broadly once again.  “What kind of tea do you have to offer?”
“I’ll have a cup when I’m done taking all this upstairs.  I’ll need something afterward.  It’s a shame you didn’t place me on the first floor,” he said with a light-hearted tone that hinted of seriousness.  
I looked at the luggage and boxes that he had.  It would take at least two trips, possibly three.  Feeling pity for him, I told him that I’d discovered an elevator that would take him right up to the second floor, only a few doors from the room he occupied.  He pulled me into a bear hug and twirled me around before planting a quick, but solid kiss on my lips and gathering his things to take to the elevator.  His enthusiasm was infectious, and I found myself making tea with equal pleasure.
With Peter upstairs, I couldn’t resist 
pressing the issue.  I was never known for my patience and I wasn’t sure I could manage waiting until the following afternoon to find out the topic of what she wanted to discuss.
“Can you give me a hint about what you want to talk about?”
She looked past me toward the foyer. “I’m just worried he’ll come in and hear us.  He’s a nice enough man… handsome too… but he’s not one of us.  What I have to tell you is something that very few know about.  It wouldn’t do to let outsiders in on it.  Before two shakes of a lamb’s tail, the whole world would know, and we’d surely be flooded with government whoo haas wanting to investigate us to death.”
Although I wasn’t a follower of the supernatural world, I did believe that we had certain abilities that we were born with.  The ability that stood out to me and that I paid attention to was that I seemed to ‘know’ or ‘sense’ things.  After years of ignoring and resisting, I learned to trust that feeling in my gut, or image in my mind, or voice in my head.  In this case, it was the voice in my head.
“You know about the animated 
corpses,” I gasped.
“The animated what?” she asked, incredulously.
“The corpses that go missing from the 
morgue in the hospital and are seen walking around at night.”
“You know,” she gasped.  She reached across the table and took my smooth, slender hand in her aged and bony one. “Peter told me that someone came and stole Jacob Tripp’s body from your morgue.  I wanted to forewarn you about it. The bodies show up missing than then return like zombies.”
“Are they zombies?” I asked.
She cocked her head with surprise. 
“You’re not frightened?”
“Jacob Tripp was in my house last night.  The sheriff helped me capture him.  He’s embalmed by now.  From what Max tells me, that pretty much ends their zombie days.”
Megan’s eyes flew wide open as she quickly made the sign of the cross over her chest. “Max knows, then.”
“It seems to be the least kept secret in town,” I said with a nod. 
“How did you capture him?” Megan asked.
“I think maybe Max should be here for this conversation,” I said. “I’d feel better if he told you instead of me if you don’t mind.  He stressed that he’s trying to keep it from the folks of Wolf Junction.  Then, you aren’t from Wolf Junction, but he might think I’m splitting hairs.  Would you mind if I called him over?”
“What about your friend upstairs?”
“Isn’t he your friend too?” I asked with caution.
“I’ve met him, but we can’t claim a friendship,” she explained. “Although, he really does seem like a stand-up guy.”
“He is,” I said with a smile.
“He’s not bad to look at either,” she snickered.  “What’s he like in bed?”
“Megan!” I gasped.
“What’s who like in bed?” Peter asked as he bounded into the room.  He looked directly at Megan and smirked. “I hope you’re asking about me and not some other lover I’m going to have to 
battle with for the right to bed my fair lady.”
“Really, Peter,” I scolded while Megan rolled with laughter.
He raised a brow and then kissed my neck. “Just asking.”
I put a cup in front of him as he sat at the table next to Megan and playfully squeezed her hand. I was extremely curious as to why she had to bring him home instead of him taking a cab, but I also didn’t want to change our topic of conversation.  Peter spent a decade with the natives in Africa.  I had no doubt he could prove useful in figuring out what was going on with the dead bodies come alive with spiders in their heads.  I decided to broach the topic.
“I was just going to call Max over here,” I began as I filled his cup with herbal tea. 
He leaned into Megan, “Max is the sheriff who has the hots for my gal here.  I’m sure you’ll find the two of us in the same room extremely 
entertaining.”
“Oh boy,” Megan said with a chuckle as she brought the tea cup to her lips.  She looked at me, “Then, hurry up and call the man.  Let’s get this show on the road.”
“The two of you are incorrigible,” I muttered as I dialed Max’s number.   He wasn’t happy to hear that Megan knew about our little problem and said he’d be over after he finished something up at the office. 
I used the time I had before Max arrived to grill Peter with questions. I wanted to know what he’d learned about voo doo and zombies. It turned out that he knew quite a bit.  To my surprise, so did Megan. Of course, she didn’t call it voo doo.  She called it mountain magic, but it was basically the same thing.  A wicked magic person would cast a spell to cause people to become zombies. Be it in the wilds of Africa or in the hills of West Virginia, it seemed to be something going on that was very real.  I asked them if they knew how to stop it and they shook their heads.  They said they needed to know the source of magic before they could battle it.  Apparently, there were a variety of ways to create a zombie.  Who knew?
Max entered the house without knocking.  Although it didn’t bother me, it clearly irritated Peter.  I caught his eyes with my own to plead for him to say nothing just before he opened his mouth. Fortunately, I was in time.
I explained what we’d been discussing to Max and then proceeded to tell Peter and Megan more about Jacob, the walking dead. They sat in silence until I finished my story about the spider and its web in Jacob’s brain.
“Have you heard of anything like this?” I asked as I looked from Peter to Megan.
Peter stayed quiet, but Megan nodded her head. “It was when I was just a young girl.  Something like this went on back then, but the old girl responsible is long dead by now.”
“What exactly was she doing?”  Max asked.
“I don’t know for sure.  They say that she was creating an army,” Megan said with a heavy sigh. “The crazy fool thought she could overthrow the government with her zombie people once she had enough.”
“Why?”  I asked.
“I was just a young girl and the adults were careful not to say much in front of me, but from what I gathered, she was of the belief that the government was in cohorts with aliens and was letting the aliens steal people from their homes for experiments.  She claimed to have been a victim herself.  She wanted to put a stop to it.” Megan shook her head. “Can you believe she thought she’d bring peace and happiness to the country by overthrowing it with an army of zombies.  Did she think she’d be able to control them after they’d eaten enough brains to start thinking for themselves? Such delusion.”
“They do what?” Max gasped.
“They eat the brains of humans and, after a while, something happens in them that allows them to think for themselves,” Megan explained.
“How many of these creatures are walking around now?” I asked.
“I’m sure I couldn’t say,” Megan replied.  “I imagine it would depend on how many of the walking dead the good lawman has managed to retrieve and send to his grave, permanently.”
“Not enough,” Max mused.  “A handful at best.”
 “So, do you know how many bodies have actually gone missing?  Is it more than just from here?” I asked.
“I think it’s only here at the moment,” Max mused. “I haven’t heard any complaints from other areas.”
“You’ve stayed tight-lipped about it.  What makes you think they haven’t as well?”  I asked.
He scowled.  “Shit.”
After further contemplation and conversation between Megan, Max, and me, we agreed to keep each other informed of anything new we learned.  
I finally came to my hostess senses and offered Max a cup of tea and a scone, but by then we were finished with our brainstorming and he needed to get back to the office.  He said good-bye, while eyeing Peter -who’d been silent for most of the conversation- and left.
Megan said she’d be leaving as well.  When she stood up, Peter placed his hand on her shoulder and asked her to stay for a bit longer. He had something to tell us and he wanted to do it only once.
 
EIGHTEEN
I sat, expectantly; watching Peter fidget as he gathered his thoughts to share with us. 
He looked at Megan.  “I asked you to stay because it was clear to me that you were holding back while Max was here.”  When Megan locked eyes with him and then gave a slight nod, he continued. “You are a wise woman who knows more than you’re letting on.”
“Get to the point,” Megan said in a friendly, but firm tone.
Peter looked at me. “It’s time for me to share this with you, but I’m not looking forward to it.  It might change our relationship.  If it does, it will be a sad thing for me.”
I couldn’t imagine what it was that he was leading up to, so I guessed. “Does it have to do with why you had to catch a ride with Megan rather than spring for a cab?”
Peter grinned and shook his head. “I caught a ride with Megan as a means to get the two of you together to have this talk.”
“We don’t even know each other, young 
man,” Megan said with a frown. “Now, you have 
me curious.”
He heaved a sigh. “There’s no easy way to tell you this.  In most cases, I wouldn’t even venture to utter it, but from what I’ve learned about you, Megan, and what I know about you, Vickie, and what I’m sure you’re up against… I believe it’s right to tell you the truth. It can only make things easier.  
“I am what I like to call an altered human.  While in Africa, I encountered a wicked high priestess who infected me with the zombie spider; like what happened to Jacob.  Fortunately, my travels had exposed me to a variety of wise and knowledgeable people.  One such person was a clan leader who admired the work I was doing with educating the needy on maintaining good health.  When he saw my health and stamina declining, he recognized that I was heading toward zombism.  You see, the type of zombie that this wicked woman created didn’t start when the body died.  It started when a person was alive with a spider in the brain. Little by little, the spider sucked the life from the body so that the corpse was connected to the main source; the priestess.  Then, she could manipulate it to do her bidding through thought waves that were sent via the webs woven in its head by the spider.  Since the person must die before she can take control, the body has limited thinking and mobility capabilities.  Eating human brains somehow aids in rebuilding those capabilities so that it can better respond to the communication and 
demands of the priestess.
“Through ritual and magic, he killed and removed the spider and its web from my head; hence breaking the connection to the priestess and stopping the death process within me.  To do this, he needed to infect me with an antidote.  This antidote didn’t kill me, but it altered me forever.  I am not dead, but I am no longer a mere human. 
“Megan’s story about the woman wanting to build an army to overthrow the government is just that, a story.  Oh, the old woman was working on building an army alright - as are others - but it isn’t to over throw the government.  In the darkness of the shadows of life, a war has been raging for centuries. It is between the zombie leaders and the vampires.”
When I gasped, he raised his hand to stop me.  “Don’t get hung up on the vampire image you find in movies and books. Nor the zombie image, for that matter. They aren’t like that. Just like advanced zombies can blend in with society undetected by the average human, so can vampires.
“The battle for supremacism is more of a genetic and cultural thing.  Like the Irish stick with the Irish, the Russians with the Russian, the French with the French, the Italians with the Italians and so forth. Each feels their people and culture is superior.  Such is the plight of the zombies verses the vampires.   Vampires are altered humans with a specific point of view.  The zombies are dead puppets of a wicked cult that wants to dominate the earth and control the humans. The vampires do not.  The vampires outnumber the zombies, for now, and we plan on keeping it that way.”
“So,” I mused, “the zombies are a result of some type of controlling magic.  
What are the vampires a result of?”
Peter smiled that winning smile of his. “That’s where Megan’s story touches on the truth.  Vampires are a result of experimental genetic manipulation that was performed during the dark ages by visiting aliens.”
“Good lord,” Megan gasped.
“It sounds bad, I know, but what you don’t realize is that all man is a result of genetic manipulation. Don’t take my word for it.  Just turn on your television set to one of the science programs.  More and more evidence of aliens coming to the planet is popping up.  They are now coming to believe and understand that the gap between stone age man and bronze age man is so distinctive and pronounced because we didn’t slowly evolve into it.  We lept into it.  How could that be?  It was through genetic 
manipulation, of course.”
“Vampires live on blood.  I’ve seen you eat,” I stammered.
“I do eat.  I just don’t eat meat. Vampires are vegetarians. Our systems can’t tolerate animal proteins. You’ve never seen me eat meat, my love, and you won’t,” he said. “As for the blood.  Yes, I do require occasional regeneration of blood into my system. It’s a major flaw in genetic composition that we can’t regenerate our blood to the degree necessary without a little help. That doesn’t mean we run around draining our victims dry.  We take just a small amount.  Those of us in the medical profession are lucky enough to tap into the blood banks. Those who are not, well, they find willing donors. When that isn’t possible, they’ll take from animals.  I would think you’d find that far better than eating human brains.  There’s no possibility of surviving that process like there is with blood donation.”
“I’ve been sleeping with a vampire,” I said in a half-dazed manner.
Peter looked at Megan.  “I was afraid she’d react like this.”
“Then, why did you tell her?” Megan asked bluntly.
“I already explained why.  I was sent here to assist in finding the person behind the zombie epidemic.” He raised his hand to stop her from speaking. “Before you say anything, let me assure you that it is indeed becoming an epidemic.  Vickie was correct when she said the other police departments have kept quiet.  There are some easy two-hundred zombies and counting walking the streets as we speak. Some are in the beginning stages, like Jacob Tripp was, but some are so advanced they could be sitting in a restaurant next to you and you’d never know it.”
“So, zombies eat food too?” I said like some idiot who was stuck on stupid.
“Not only that, but they look perfectly normal.  That’s where the film industry has done the public an injustice.  They assume that zombies are grotesque and dumb, and it couldn’t be further from the truth.  Advanced zombies may be manipulated and controlled 
for the sake of their cause, but their brains are regenerated and so they’re far from stupid.”
“The truth,” I said as I rested my face in my hands. “I’m so confused about the truth.”
Megan reached across the table and 
stroked my forearm. “I’m an old woman who’s seen a lot in her life, but this is overwhelming information even for me.  I’m going to have to go home and digest it.  I’m thinking you need to do the same thing.”
“I am home,” I mumbled.
She tossed her head back in laughter. “That you are, my dear.  Perhaps you can go lie down, then.  I can let myself out.”
I remained perfectly still while Peter walked Megan to the door.  When he returned, he looked at me for a long time, but said nothing.  I finally got up from the table and walked by him without looking in his direction.  Making my way to my bedroom, I locked the door behind me and fell onto the bed.  I wanted nothing more than to go to sleep and leave this nightmare -or should I say day mare? - behind me.   
NINETEEN
The county was filled with zombies that passed themselves off as your everyday person and my boyfriend was a vampire. I waited all those years to date and then, when I finally did, he was a blood sucking vampire!  Such was my life.
I lay on the top of my bed with my fingers to my temples.  What was happening?  Looking back at my childhood on the farm, I realized what a sheltered life I’d led.
While growing up, I’d whine about how boring life was and how I couldn’t wait to get to the big city.  Now, what I wouldn’t give for a bit of that boredom.
Peter’s quiet knock on my door caught my attention.
“Vickie, can I come in?”
I rolled onto my side and curled into 
the fetal position. “I’d like some alone time, Peter.” 
“I understand.” There was a sad tone to his voice. “I just want you to know that I’ll leave if you want me to.”
I pressed my palm to my forehead.  I didn’t have a headache.  I just felt like my head would explode from overload.  The pressure helped. “You just put your things in your room.”
I heard his soft chuckle.  “That, I did.”
I rolled onto my back. “I just need to be alone for a bit. That’s all.”
“That’s fair,” he said.
I could hear his footsteps slowly fade in the distance as he made his way down the hall to his wing of the house. 
 Max was right. The house was enormous.  Whatever possessed me to rent it?  The price, that’s what.  The estate had such a difficult time renting the place that they’d reduced it to the price of what I’d be paying for a two-bedroom townhouse.  Taking into consideration that it also had a workable office with a separate entrance… well, I jumped at it. Now, added to that was the fact that I had a morgue to earn extra income in by way of autopsies. Yes, the house was big – and maybe a little creepy - but it more than made up for it by what it provided me.
I rolled over and went to sleep.  When I woke up, it was dark outside, and I was hungry. I got off the bed and went into the bathroom to wash my face and brush my teeth. I guessed I’d slept for at least four hours.  It was sleep well deserved after the last twenty-four hours.  I didn’t even want to tax my mind trying to remember all that happened, from a corpse attacking me in my house to my boyfriend admitting to being a vampire and everything in between. Things needed to change.
First things first, I required sustenance.  As I considered what to eat, I realized that I’d had nothing since before the sun came up that morning.  Even so, I had no inspiration to do much more than open a can of soup and heat it up.  I felt my waist.  I was naturally shapely, but if I lost a few pounds because of the stress and sporadic eating pattern, it wouldn’t hurt me any. As long as it wasn’t more than ten pounds, that is.
I was almost finished enjoying my bowl of chicken noodle soup when Peter appeared in the doorway.  Vampire or not, he was truly handsome.  I looked at him as if seeing him for the first time. Other than the stress around his eyes, he looked youthful and healthy.  Only his eyes showed his pain and, possibly, his vampirism.
“Are you what a typical vampire looks like?” I asked as I picked up my bowl and drank the remaining broth.
“As opposed to?” he asked as he entered the room and sat opposite me.
“I’m not sure,” I replied.
“I told you not to get hung up on the movie vampires.  Other than the blood factor, they’ve got it all wrong.  As you already know, we’re as warm as the next person.  We sleep, shit, and eat like any other vegetarian. The only thing that sets us apart is the fact that we must sustain the quality of our blood with blood from an outside source.  To me, it’s like any other medication required to lead a normal life.  Some people have to take insulin every day, others need a pill to maintain their thyroid.  It’s nothing more than that.”
“But, you get your blood from humans.”
“Sometimes, but we don’t attack in 
the night and drain the person.  Really, when you think of it, we’re far less dangerous and cruel than the average carnivore who kills the creature and then eats it. Or, how about the people who kill just to kill.  You won’t find that in a vampire’s makeup.  That’s strictly Hollywood.”
My brown eyes locked with his rich blue ones. “So, other than a result of genetic experimentation by aliens – which you claim that all humans are in some way- how would you explain the vampire to me?”
He reached over and placed his hand on top of mine. “I’d say we’re the guardians of humanity. It’s our mission to keep you safe from the evils of those who wish to enslave and oppress you.”
“I like that,” I said as I placed my free hand over his.
“And, I like you,” he whispered.
“I know,” I whispered back.  “I like you too and I don’t care that you’re a vampire.  You’re still plenty sexy.”
He threw his head back in laughter.  “That’s reassuring.”
“So, do you get old?”
“I do,” he nodded, “but at a much 
slower pace.”
“Hmm.  I’m not sure I like the idea of being old and wrinkled while you’re still hot and sexy.”
His smile left his face almost immediately and his twinkling blue eyes grew dark and dim.  I figured that he felt the same until he spoke.
“There’s one more thing I need to tell you.  I didn’t want to mention it in front of Megan because it’s kind of private.”
“Uh oh,” I muttered.
He squeezed my hand as if he was afraid I was going to run after I heard what he had to say.  “The first time we made love and it burned so bad.  I made up the love capsule thing.”
“Why?” I asked in a quiet, hesitant 
voice.
“I didn’t know what else to tell you at the time.  Had we been on the level of trust that we’re at right now, I would have eagerly told the truth.”
“Are you telling me that the first time with a vampire hurts like a son-of-a-bitch?”
He flashed a toothy grin that melted a tremendous amount of the tension that built up in me at the onset of the conversation. “I received a message from Intelligence that you were a target for zombism.  We’ve found that the antidote to prevent the spider from entering or taking hold if it does get into its victim is best absorbed through the membranes of the anus or the vagina.  So, when a woman is targeted, we have a special condom with the antidote on it.  Unfortunately, it does burn. I know that first hand.”
Rather than freak out about the fact that he’d put that inside me, I focused on the fact that he’d had to have it in his rectum. “Did you have to have anal sex?”
“No.  Just an injection.”
“Which means I could have had an injection too?”
“It would have required that I tell you what was happening for one and it wouldn’t have been nearly as much fun,” he said slyly.
“Fun for who?  It hurt, remember?” I hissed.
“Part of that hurt was losing your virginity,” he offered.  “Also, the vaginal juices that formed from the sex act helped to buffer some of the burn. You wouldn’t have had that advantage with an injection.”
“And the oral sex to get the contents of your make-believe love capsule?  What did you accomplish there?”
“A mighty fine hard on,” he chuckled.
 I leaned back in my chair and pulled my hand free. “So, vampire men are just as devious, and sex crazed as human men.”
“I told you, we’re altered but we’re still human.” 
“So, what do we do now?”
“I’d love to take you to bed to solidify that 
you’re still my girl, but I think it’s important that we develop a game plan for ridding this county of the zombies and getting to the root of who is behind it before it gets completely out of hand.”
“Who else is in on this?” I asked as I suddenly remembered that he was friends with Angela.
“Both of your boarders are on my team.”
“They’re vampires?” I gasped.  When he nodded I grumbled, “Am I the only human in this place?”
“Megan’s human,” he said.  “Although, she’s a practicing witch, but I bet you know that.”
“No, I didn’t,” I hissed.  “I thought she 
just had a strong interest in herbs like I do.”
“She’s over one hundred years old,” he said, thoughtfully.  “Did she tell you that?”
“I guessed her to be in her mid-eighties and that’s pretty old.  How far past one-hundred is she?”
He scratched his squared jaw with his slender fingers.  “I didn’t come out and ask her because I felt it would be rude, but rumor has it that she’s one-hundred and twenty years old.”
I was stunned into silence.
“They say she’s a threat to the zombies, which means she’s getting close to who’s behind it,” he said. “That’s why I pulled her into our conversation, slash, secret.  Besides the fact that she has information we could use, she’s a target and needs to be protected.  It’s far easier to protect someone when they’re aware of what you’re doing and are cooperating.”
I suddenly remembered that he said I was a zombie target. “Why would they want to turn me into a zombie?”
“Probably because having a few doctors on their team would come in handy and we put a stop to the old doc becoming one.”
“You killed him?” I gasped.
“He’d already died and was in the beginning stages when we caught him. In fact, it was Max who caught him.”
“So many secrets,” I said with a slow shake of my head.  “Does Max know that you’re a vampire?”
“I hope you and Megan keep this bit of information to yourselves.  The fewer who know this, the better.  In fact, I have no intention of telling Angela and Evan that you know.”
I scowled. “So, Angela’s not really a government social worker, is she? And Evan’s not a writer.”
“Evan’s a writer, alright. It’s just not his primary function. You’re right about Angela.  Her trips out of town are for the vampire league, not the government.”
We talked for several hours more while he clarified certain things to me and we brainstormed on how best to battle the zombies without letting on to Max and my boarders that I knew the truth about vampires verses 
zombies.
It was after midnight when we decided to call it a night.  I let Peter follow me to my room and make love to me several times before I snuggled into his warm body and went to sleep.
As crazy as it was.  As I lay in bed next to my vampire lover, I felt more peaceful, safe, and secure than I’d felt in my entire life.  
 
TWENTY
True to her word, Angela returned by the weekend. She was both pleased and surprised to discover that Peter now occupied a room on the second floor.  I caught her in quiet conversation with him more than once before the weekend was through, but I made no effort to find out the topic of conversation.  I was fairly certain she was making him explain why he’d moved in and why he’d become my lover.  I would have said that it wasn’t any of her business, but, considering everything, I guess it was.
It took until Monday afternoon to get my phone working again. After checking all the lines in the house, the telephone company was forced to trace their lines.  They found the one feeding my office had been cut at a pole further up the block and then taped together so that it looked perfectly normal from a distance.  We suspected the zombie queen was behind it -that was Peter and my name for her- but we plead ignorance to the telephone company.  Needless to say, they called the sheriff’s office to make a formal complaint of vandalism.
Max came over to discuss the cut phone lines after his shift ended.  I took him to the patio in the back yard and handed him a beer.  He looked worn out and stressed out and well deserving of the beverage.
We discussed the fact that the phone line had been down since the night we caught Jacob Tripp in my house.  He was concerned for my safety, but I assured him that Peter was very aware of the situation and keeping watch and, even though my boarders were supposedly uninformed of the impending zombie apocalypse, they were still a presence in the house to be considered.
He did little to hide his angst and jealousy where Peter was concerned, but he admitted that it took some pressure off him to know he was watching out for me.
I have to admit that I felt a bit of confusion where Max was concerned.  I clearly had an attraction to him and, now that I knew he hadn’t stuck a love capsule inside of me, I had no reason to be angry with him.  No more reason than I did with anyone else in my life at that point.  After all, there wasn’t one person who was truly being straight with me.  Megan was a one-hundred-twenty-year-old witch who was letting me think she was in her eighties and simply interested in herbs and Evan and Angela were vampires working with Peter while hiding behind make believe lives.  What did Max do that was any worse?  He’d withheld the fact that he suspected Jacob Tripp to be a zombie in training.  At this point, that didn’t seem like the worst of the secrets.
If I wasn’t with Peter, I would have let things go further with Max, but I wasn’t the type to spread my love around in that way. It did make me wonder how much loving Peter had been doing with other women, though. He had that condom with the antidote pretty darned handy.  Did he have a relationship with every woman he protected with the antidote? I made a mental note to discuss this with him.  I wanted no secrets or hard feelings between us. Things were far too intense as it was without that.
Max and I spent a good deal of time discussing Peter and my idea of how to deal with the zombies.  At first, he was resistant because it required I go out into the field with Peter and assist in their destruction and he was worried for my safety.  When I reminded him of how I’d managed to take Jacob down and handcuff him while Max lay unconscious and admitted to having been administered an antidote that Peter brought from Africa that would protect me from getting infected, he relaxed and actually agreed that it would strengthen our team to have me play an active role.
He’d been gone about fifteen minutes when Peter came home.  He looked long in the face and acted very preoccupied.
“What’s the matter?” I asked as he came out to the patio with two beers and hand and 
handed one to me.
“Nothing for you to worry about, my love,” he said as he put his bottle of beer to his lips and took a long drink.
It was impossible for me not to notice the slight trembling in his slender hands as he raised the bottle to his lips. “Why are you shaking?”  When he didn’t answer, I persisted with more forcefulness.
“It’s nothing for you to worry about,” he said again.
“Maybe so, but I’m worrying anyway,” I said as I stood and walked to him. “I want no more secrets between us, Peter.  If we’re to work as a couple as well as a team against the zombies, we have to have honesty and trust. So, tell me, what’s wrong.”
“I wasn’t able to obtain the blood I needed today.  That’s all.  I’ll go to a different source tomorrow and try there.”
“So, what you’re telling me is that you don’t have a guaranteed source of blood for yourself?”
“I wasn’t a vampire when we first met.  I’m newly returned to the country and have met only one or two trustworthy allies for my blood supply. Sadly, the ally I went to today was transferred across state and there was no convincing his replacement to provide me 
with blood without a pile of paperwork.”
“I see,” I said, thoughtfully. “How much blood do you need?”
“It depends upon how long I’ve gone without replenishing.  It’s been a while, so I’ll need at least half a pint.”
“They take more than that at the donation banks.”
“Yes,” he said as he almost fell into his chair.  “It was dumb of me to wait this long.”
“When you don’t wait this long, how much do you need?”  I asked with genuine interest.
“A few ounces,” he said as he rubbed his temples.  “If you don’t mind, my love, I think I’ll retire for the evening.”
“Sure,” I said with concern.  
I scowled in thought as I watched him force his body to take him into the house.  I followed him in, but at a bit of a distance.  I entered the house just in time to see that he’d used the elevator to take him to the second floor.  My vampire was very weak.
I sat at my kitchen table and finished 
my beer.  My heart fought with my mind as I struggled with the idea of giving my blood to him.  I’d had two more beers before I finally decided that it was the right thing to do. After all, it wasn’t that much blood that I’d be giving over.  I wasn’t sure if the alcohol content in the beer would taint it, but it hadn’t been that long since I started drinking so there shouldn’t be that much alcohol in my blood yet.
I went to my office and searched for a means to remove my blood. It made sense to use a needle and syringe, but I wasn’t much of a drinker and I felt too light headed and feared I’d mess up a vein in the process. After rummaging through a few drawers and finding no suitable means to extract my blood, I made my way upstairs.
His door was unlocked, so I let myself in. 
He looked tortured in his sleep.  It made me all the more determined to help him.  I went to the bed and shook his shoulder.  His eyes flew open, but it took some time for them to focus on me.  This, I later learned, was another symptom of blood deprivation. 
I leaned over and kissed him tenderly. “I want you to take some blood from me.”
He sat up with a start. “You’re drunk.”
“I’ve had a few beers, yes, but I know fully what I’m saying.  I don’t want you to get any weaker, so take what you need from me. Just, in the future, don’t wait so long, okay?”
He looked at me long and hard as if trying to decide what to do.
“I’ll cut myself to make me bleed if you insist, but I’m not too steady of hand after the beers; which is why I’m not popping a syringe in your mouth.”
“You want me to bite you?” he asked with surprise.
I grinned sheepishly. “Kind of kinky, don’t you think?”
“It might hurt a little,” he warned.
“Then do it while the beer has still got me light headed,” I barked.
He pulled me close and kissed me long and hard before moving his mouth to my neck and sinking fangs I never knew existed into my neck.  He was right. It hurt. Fortunately, he needed only a small amount and it was over quickly.
He licked my wounds and I could feel the pain subside.  I also felt the most miraculous thing.  I could literally feel the puncture wounds he’d created closing up and healing. I threw my hand to my neck just in time to feel the last of the mending.
“That’s unbelievable,” I muttered.
“I can’t thank you enough, my love,” he said as his eyes bore into mine.  “You’re one incredible woman.”
 “Just remember to never wait that long again. This was an emergency pity bite.  Remember that,” I snapped.
“A pity bite, eh?” he said with a chuckle.
“For my pitiful vampire,” I said with a grin.  I could see that he was already back to his normal self. The whole giving, taking, and rejuvenation scenario was fascinating.
“You find me pitiful?” he said with a 
challenging tone that echoed the strength of his true self.
“Indeed,” I giggled.
“What can I do to change your mind?” he asked in such a sultry tone that my nipples got hard and my abdomen contracted with anticipation.
I  leaned  close  to  whisper  in  his  ear, 
“You’re a big boy.  Think of something.”
 
TWENTY-ONE
I’d had a week of relative calm in my life.  I was sitting on the front porch in my favorite rocking chair after a meal of delicious and hearty vegetable lasagna that Angela had made for the household.  She was still inside clearing things up, but Peter and Evan were with me.  There was only light and meaningless conversation flowing between us. It was wonderful, and I wanted it to last forever.
Of course, it didn’t.
Megan’s panicked phone call brought my world of bliss crashing in around us.  She’d narrowly escaped being attacked by someone she was certain was an advanced zombie and she’d gone into hiding as a result.  The creature had been so bold as to waltz into her shop in broad daylight!
I told her to stay put and then pulled Peter into the house with the pretext of having him help me rustle up a few night caps so that 
I could tell him about it. He was furious.
To my surprise, he not only insisted that I telephone Max to come over, but he boldly informed Angela and Evan about it in front of me.  The winds of change were blowing through my life like gales. 
We fixed the drinks while waiting for Max to arrive. I didn’t know about the rest of them, but a little alcohol fortification would go a long way toward getting me through the night.
I was on my second dry martini when Max pulled into the driveway. He was in his own private vehicle instead of the sheriff’s car. I stepped off the porch to greet him.   As his long legs slid out of his shiny black Tahoe pickup truck, I smiled.  Once a farm boy, always a farm boy.  The truck may have been recently washed and waxed, but its bed still showed signs of being used for all types of hauling, from hay to firewood.  The stories I’d heard about our big-hearted sheriff helping his fellow man with their chores were clearly true.  Being a person who admired good Sumerians in all areas of life, I found this confirmation about him endearing.
 When he scowled at my hand that was holding the martini glass, I said in a light-hearted tone, “I’m not getting drunk.  I just needed something to settle my shattered nerves.  It’s been so quiet this last week that I guess I got my hopes up that the whole Jacob Tripp zombie thing was a bad dream.”
Peter walked up to join us just as I said that.  He put his arm around my shoulder and kissed my cheek. “You’re fine, my love.  Enjoy your martini while we decide what to do.”
“We need to think fast,” I said as I pulled the olive off the toothpick with my teeth. “Megan sounded pretty freaked out.”
“If Megan’s freaked, then it’s bad,” Max mused.
“So, you know what she is, then?” I said with surprise.
 “I know that she’s been involved with battling the zombie issue for as long as I can remember and never so much as made a complaint,” he replied. “Other than that, I couldn’t say. What do you mean by, ‘what she is’?”
Since I knew that Peter was about to pull Angela and Evan into the mix, and we were going to assist Megan, I felt it was only right that Max know the truth, or as much of the truth as I was allowed to tell him.  So, I spilled the beans about Megan being a one-hundred and twenty-year-old practicing witch and waited for his reaction.  He took it in a much calmer manner than I’d thought he would.  I guess I should have expected it.  After battling zombies, a witch probably seemed like the tooth fairy.
What he didn’t take well was the fact that my boarders were now part of the zombie hunting team.  I did my best to ease his fears of them getting hurt while I lamented over not being able to tell the truth about them being vampires.  It would have made everything so much easier, but since I wasn’t even supposed to be privy to that information, I couldn’t very 
well share it with him. 
Angela was the first to ease his fears by explaining that she was actually a member of a worldwide secret group that was dedicated to ridding the world of zombies.  She was one of their trained soldiers and had battled many a zombie in her day; as had Evan.  She looked at me apologetically as she explained the necessity to hide behind the façade of being a traveling social worker and an author to allow them the freedom they needed to move around and disappear for days at a time while they hunted and took down the zombies.
When Max asked what they did with the zombies once they took them down, he was surprised to learn that they didn’t always deliver them to a funeral home for embalming, followed by a burial. They explained that it was a case by case decision. If the zombie was a newbie, like Jacob Tripp, then they would deliver it to the funeral home under the ruse of rescuing it from body snatchers.  They had a few officers of the law in their group who helped with that when needed.  If the zombie was of an advanced nature and had long ago been reported dead, different measures for disposal were used. Most of the time, it involved a discreet cremation.
When Max looked at me with a raised brow, I chugged the last of my martini.  It just so happened that there was a cremation chamber in my morgue, although it sat dormant for years, I had no doubt it could be put into working order with minimal effort.  Did I want to cremate zombies in my basement?  No, but it was nice to know that the option was there if need be.  Once again, the house provided me with a service that made up for its enormity and creepiness.
I told them where Megan said she was hiding.  Max knew its exact location and offered to have me ride with him.  I accepted his invitation while Peter, Angela, and Evan piled into Evan’s van.  
When I first saw Evan’s cargo van that he’d converted into a travel van that allowed him to sleep in it when the need arose, I thought he was simply an eccentric author going on location to experience the feel of it. Now I knew that he used it not only to catch a few winks while on the hunt, but to transport their captives with privacy.
Megan owned a cottage on a private lake about thirty minutes from Wolf Junction.  Even though it had been in her family for centuries, few people knew of its existence.  This was because her family used it as a safe house when need be. Not trusting that the evil zombie maker wouldn’t know about it, she’d locked herself in the root cellar that was hidden beneath a bush.  She doubted a zombie would be able to locate her there, even an advanced zombie. 
One of the things about zombies that stayed with them, no matter how much of their thinking and motor skills returned was the fact that they had poor night vision, depth perception, and were color blind. Those factors went in her favor since the opening to the root cellar was beneath a very realistic looking shrub that was attached to the trap door.   Its coloring varied from those it was amongst only by the slightest degree and, unless you ran your hand over it, you’d never guess it wasn’t real. Combine that to the fact that it was nighttime, and she felt safe in her selection of hiding places.
It took us longer than we’d like to find the bush and pull the door opened.  Megan urged us to enter quickly and close the door behind us. She couldn’t take the chance of us being seen by either a zombie or through some type of magic looking glass the wicked zombie maker might have access to since there was no telling if it was a witch doing this or some other magical being.
It was only when Peter whispered to her that zombies had a distinct odor that vampires were sensitive to and he smelled nothing of that nature on her property that she relaxed. 
She greeted Angela and Evan with a smile but didn’t act the least surprised that they were with us.  Once again, I felt like I was on the outside looking in.  How much did I still not know about these people I called my friends?  
“Tell us exactly what happened,” Max said as he pulled a stool from the corner of the fourteen feet by fourteen feet hideaway and sat down in front of Megan. 
“It was crazy,” She began. “I was getting ready to close up shop when this tall, young looking woman entered.  She asked if I had any butter churns.  I had one in the back corner of the store, so I pointed her in that direction.  She went to the back of the store and whined about not being able to find it, so I hauled my old bones off my stool to go help her. At the same time, I heard the bell go off, indicating that someone else had entered.  I thought that it was unusual to have people coming into the shop at such a late hour when it wasn’t tourist season. The locals all know that I close at four o’clock.
“Then it all happened like a whirlwind.  I reached for the butter churn and picked it up to show to the woman who was in the next isle.  When I turned, I saw a young man join her and the two of them nodded. I knew right then that they were conspiring, and my gut told me it wasn’t to rob me. It was then that I had the presence of mind to look at their eyes.” She looked directly at me. “I don’t know if you know it, dear, but zombies have distinctive eyes.   It can be easily overlooked by the average person, but if you know what to look for, it’s distinctive.”
“What do you look for?” I asked with interest.
“Their pupils are a bit large and slightly oval in shape,” she explained before continuing with her story.  “Recognizing that they were advanced zombies, I knew that they were there to kill me.  I also knew that I couldn’t outrun them.  Not with these old limbs.”
“What did you do?” I asked.  When she hesitated, I added, “We know you practice witchcraft.  Did you use it to protect yourself?”
“I did,” she said as she eyed everyone 
in the room to see their response. When no one looked surprised or upset, she continued, “I caused a few sharp objects to come down on their sorry heads and shifted my appearance. Then, I got out of there as fast as I could.”
“So, are they dead in your store?” I asked.
“It takes more than that to kill a zombie, my love,” Peter said as he rubbed Megan’s shoulders in an affectionate and comforting way that only a kind-hearted doctor would think to do. “But, it at least gave her the time she needed to get 
out of there.”
“So, are we after two advanced zombies?” Evan asked in a quiet, matter-of-fact way.
“That’s just it,” Megan said with a shaky voice. “I don’t think it was just two of them that were after me.  When I left my store, I saw a van that looked like it was brimming with zombies.  At least, a zombie was driving.  I rushed into my car and sped off before they saw me, so I didn’t get a chance to really see how many there were.  I just know it was more than the two of them. For that many to be sent after me, some- 
thing serious must be going down.”
“Who else knows that you’re a witch?” Max asked.
“Only a handful of people,” she said.  “I’m an old witch so I have to hide not just my magic, but my age.”
“We all know your age,” Angela said with a gentle tone, “so you don’t need to hide it anymore.”
Megan heaved a sigh, “That’s a relief.”
My eyes, and the eyes of my companions, grew wide with wonder as we watched the person I’d instantly befriended transform from the decrepit old woman to a healthy and vitalized beauty who could easily be in her forties.  Fifties at the latest.  
I’d managed to wrap my brain of science around the fact that vampires and zombies existed because they were simply altered or mutated humans as a result of a virus or infection.  Accepting that a person could shift from wrinkled and decrepit looking to a healthy thing of beauty had my poor mind muddled and resistant.  I knew it was magic of some sort, but it seemed so very real that it was unsettling.  Even so, I managed to keep my demeanor calm and unfettered by doubts and confusion.
“Megan!” I gasped.  “You’re lovely.”
Megan smiled and reached over to take my hand. “As are you, my dear.  Now, shall we figure out what to do about these pesky zombies so that I can go back to my shop and be the old woman we all know and love?”
“I’m sorry, but I have to ask,” I said hesitantly. “Why would you want to carry off that look when you could be the way you are now?”
Megan laughed. “I only look like that when I’m in the store or out in public to throw off the zombie makers.  An old, decrepit woman would make one shitty zombie.  I see now that they’re just going to kill me instead of turning me.  That changes the game some.”
“I’d think you would also raise some questions from the locals who have been around long enough to expect you to look as old as you are in years.  It might be difficult to explain you as you are now,” Max mused.
I ignored Max’s perfectly logical comment and looked at Peter as I spoke to Megan. “Wouldn’t you rather just stay as you are now?  Aren’t you handicapped in that old woman disguise? Did you know that there is an antidote you can take to prevent you from becoming a zombie?”
“I’ve heard tell, but I’ve yet to figure out the formula,” she sighed.
“We have it,” I said. I heard Angela and Evan gasp at my statement, but I didn’t care.  “Or, rather Peter has it.  I imagine Angela and Evan do too.”
“Vickie!” Peter snapped.
I don’t know what got into me.  Maybe it was that the martinis that I’d guzzled were finally hitting me or maybe I was just in a state of panic as I listened to Megan’s story in that very closed in, underground room and realized just how serious a situation I’d found myself in.  Whatever the reason, I was on a roll and wasn’t about to stop. “You know you have it, Peter.  You need to give it to Megan.” I turned to Megan. “He brought it back from Africa. It was used on him when he was infected, and he used it on me to keep me from being infected.”
“They are after you?” Megan gasped.
“Peter says they are,” I said with a nod.
Angela yanked at Peter’s arm. “How much did you tell her?”
He looked away. “All of it.”
“What?” Angela and Evan said simultaneously.
Angela turned to me. “Did you willingly take the antidote?”
“He told me after,” I replied with a weak tone. In my zeal to help my friend, I’d opened a can of worms and was just now realizing things might get ugly as a result.
She glowered at Peter and put her hands on her hips. “And, did he tell you that it could only be administered vaginally or anally so he put it on a condom?”  When I nodded, she hissed, “Typical.”
“How else can it be administered?” I asked.
“It’s a bit unpleasant because it burns, but it can be taken orally and absorbed through the membranes in the mouth,” she spat. “Then, that would take all the fun away, wouldn’t it, Peter?”
 I could feel the blood drain from my head as I looked at Peter with dismay, hurt, and confusion. “What is she trying to say?”
“I needed to administer it and I couldn’t tell her just then.  I had no idea how much she knew or how she’d take it,” Peter said, defensively.
“You know the rules, Peter.  You’re 
supposed to have their consent before you give that to them,” she argued.
“They are after her. I couldn’t chance it.”
“Wait a minute,” Max said with knitted brows.  “You used a condom to administer the antidote?” He looked at me accusingly. “So, you two are having sex?”
I looked at Max with disbelief.  With all that was happening, was he actually fussing about whether Peter and I were making it? “Are you serious?”
“I… I just that that… after the other night, maybe you were taking it slow with him.  That’s all,” Max said with a hurtful tone. 
Peter’s face went scarlet, “The other night?  What’s he talking about.”
I wanted to crawl behind something, anything to hide me from the cellar full of eyes that were on me at that moment.  One pair looked hurt, three pair looked curious, and one pair of very deep blue ones actually had a hint of angry red in them.  
I took a deep breath and looked directly at Peter. “It was before you. And, anyway, from listening to Angela, I’d say you have some explaining about what you’ve done since we’ve gotten together that far exceeds anything I did beforehand.”
“I’ve done nothing that I wouldn’t do all over again,” Peter insisted.
“Peter!” Angela snarled. “You need to tell her.”
I looked from Angela to Evan and then to Peter. “Tell me what?”
“If you don’t tell her, I will,” Angela said threateningly.
Peter threw his hands in the air. “Don’t you think she’s had enough dumped on her? Nothing’s going to happen.  There’s no need for her to know.”
Not only could I not stand the suspense any longer, but we had Megan’s very real problem to deal with.  Someone needed to just tell me and get it over with. Which is what I said in no uncertain terms.
“Peter, tell her!” Angela bellowed as Peter turned his back on her.
“Oh, for crying out loud,” Evan grumbled as he pushed his way in front of Peter. “These two have a lover’s history that’s playing a huge role on how they’re behaving now.”
“We were never lovers,” Peter interjected.
“But, she wanted to be,” Evan said before quickly returning to the topic. “Don’t mind them. This sort of flare up happens occasionally.  What Angie feels you should know and Peter thinks he can get away with not telling you is that if you happen to die within 
the next year, you’ll become a vampire, like us.”
“You’re vampires?” Max bellowed in disbelief as his hand flew to the butt of his pistol. 
I rushed to Max’s side and placed my hand over his to prevent him from pulling his gun. “No, Max. Don’t.  You need to listen before you make a mistake.”
“You’re a vampire?” he said as he backed an inch or two away from me.
“No, she isn’t,” Peter bellowed, “and she won’t be because nothing will happen to her.”
“You don’t know that,” Angela hissed.
“I do,” Megan interjected loudly. “Among other things, I’m a seer.  Nothing will happen to this girl as long as you all keep your heads.” 
She turned to look at me. “Honey, I’m sorry if you feel you’ve been tricked or deceived by your man.   I don’t know him, but I can feel his love for you. I have no doubt that he did what he thought was best. I can see why he’d hesitate hitting you with all that’s going on. You have to admit that it’s a lot to take in at one time.  Hell, I’ve been exposed to the zombie battle for over a century and I still had to step back when I heard his story the other night.  If he’d added the part about the antidote, you’d probably have had to give me CPR. News of this nature can be overwhelming.  I, for one, am glad it’s being handed to me in doses so that I can process and digest things before a new wave from what seems like an ocean of supernatural information sweeps my way.”
She looked at Angela. “Angie, you are a good girl and a dear friend, but I can feel the envy and jealousy permeating from your pores.  Whether Vickie is in the picture or not, you are not for Peter.  It will never be. You need to let it go.”
When she was finished addressing a very red-faced Angela, she turned to Peter. “As for you young man,” she stopped a minute and chuckled before saying, “I don’t know if you’re as young as you look since vampires are slow at aging, but I’m going to call you a young man anyway because yours were the actions of a foolish young man in love.  I think you need to put more faith and trust in your relationship with Vickie.  She’s an amazing woman who can handle far more than you have given her credit for.”
Finally, she turned to Max. “Max, you are a good man in so many ways.  I know that Vickie has feelings for you, but you moved just a bit too slow in acting and Peter slipped in there.  It’s tough luck, but it’s the way it is.  Now, you are the head of the sheriff’s department.  That’s an important position in itself. On top of that, you carry the heavy burden of not only knowing about the zombies but being brave enough to hunt them down on your own.  You are now in the company of experienced zombie hunters who, I’m sure, not only know more about them than you do, but can offer an amazing amount of help.  What do you say we forget about all this unrequited love and focus on the matter at hand?  There’s a load of zombies on the hunt for me. What do you plan on doing about it, sheriff?”
 
TWENTY-TWO
Megan’s reminder of the true matter at hand snapped everyone back into focusing on her dilemma.  She was right. Whatever petty issues we had about who was with whom, who rejected whom, and who lied to whom could wait.  We needed to come up with a game plan to capture at least three advanced zombies, possibly more.
We decided to send the vampires out in search of the zombies while Max and I stay in the cellar with Megan.  One of the advantages of working with vampires that Max openly appreciated was the fact that they were able to smell a zombie from a good distance away and were skilled into taking them down and destroying them. There were only a few cases where zombies got the upper hand and that was when the zombie was of a specific strain; which the ones in 
our area weren’t.
We left the education of the different breeds or strains of zombies for a later date and urged them out of the cellar.  We’d been a large number of people breathing in that enclosed, undergrounds space for a considerable length of time.  Not only was it undesirably stale in there, but the oxygen content was running low.  We didn’t know how much longer we’d be able to stay in there without opening the door to let in some badly needed fresh air.
“Your man loves you,” Megan said in a soft tone that was meant for my ears only.
I quickly looked to see if Max was going to react to her words, but he was too absorbed in thought to notice.  “He’s lied so much.”
Megan leaned forward. “What would you do if you were him and you found someone who knocked you off your feet like a tsunami on a summer’s day?  Would you be eager to tell him things that you knew held a strong possibility that he would walk away from you? Or, would you slowly integrate the information as you saw the opportunity to do so without damaging your relationship?”
“For someone who barely knows the man, you’re defending him pretty adamantly,” I sighed. 
She grinned.  “You’re right.  I am.  I guess the dear fellow got under my skin.”
“He has a way of doing that,” I said with a smile.
“Angela’s a jealous woman. I like the girl, don’t get me wrong, but you need to watch out for her.  My psyche told me that she’s been chasing Peter for years.  She’s succeeded in ruining several relationships between him and women, but he never worried because he wasn’t in love with them. He’s in love with you. If Angie tries her antics now, things could get ugly.”
“What will she try?” I asked with concern.  “She lives in my house, after all.”
“Oh, I doubt she’ll get violent, but don’t be surprised if she pops up with some information that he’d rather stay in his closet.” She chuckled as she looked from me to Max. “We all have a little of that, now don’t we?”
“One of the reasons I didn’t get involved in the dating scene while I was in college was because I didn’t want to play this game,” I grumbled. “Not only was my plate too full with serious study that needed to be done, but it just seemed so immature.  Peter is my first real boyfriend. I waited a long time and was hoping that childish stuff would be behind me at this age.”
“I don’t know if that ever stops,” Megan said with sympathy. 
“I hate it.  My plate may not be full of serious study, but it’s still full of very serious things to deal with. It just seems so petty to have to even think about battling with her for a man.  It makes me just want to throw in the towel and walk away.”
“Don’t you dare,” Megan snapped. “I spoke the truth when I said it will never be with Peter and Angie.” She closed her eyes.  “In fact, the spirits tell me that there will never be another who will capture his heart the way you have.  You are his soul mate.”
“Wow,” I said.  “That’s heavy.”
Megan looked at me for a moment. “Maybe you didn’t date because deep inside you knew that you and Peter were meant to be with each other.”
I looked at Max. He had his back to us and was doing something with his cell phone.  I assumed he was texting Peter, but I couldn’t be sure. “I find him very attractive.  If Peter’s my soul mate, why would that be?”
“Let me ask,” she said as she closed her eyes and got quiet for a minute.
This was a new side to Megan. The more I learned of her, the more mysterious she became; as well as fascinating. Although, admittedly, a little unsettling as well. Was she really getting messages from the other side? Sure, I had instincts, but that’s all they were; feelings and thoughts that I trusted enough to pay attention to.  Did people actually speak to spirits one on one?  The scientific part of my mind was really having a hard time not writing her off as crazy.
“I just learned something,” she said with a smile. “We don’t have just one soul mate. Apparently, there can be more than one. This isn’t always the case, but it happens. It’s what has happened with you. Peter is definitely your soul mate, but Max is too. He’s kind of like the back up in case you never met Peter, or something happened where you didn’t work out.”
“Like Angela tearing us apart,” I mused.
“I sincerely hope you don’t let that 
happen,” Megan said.
I placed my fingertips on my temples. “This is both confusing and overwhelming.”
“Do you have a headache?” Max asked as he rejoined us.  “I have some aspirin.”
“Thanks,” I said as I held my hand out expectantly.
He quickly pulled a small tin from his breast pocket and opened it for me to select a few tablets. Megan produced a bottle of water from a shelf behind her.  I thanked them both and quickly washed the aspirin down while hoping it took effect quickly.
“I was texting with Peter,” Max offered as he sat on the stool next to Megan. “They’ve located what they call a den of zombies.  There are too many for them to take without a plan and our help, so they’re coming back.” He looked at Megan. “You can either stay here or come back with us. I think you’re safer at Vickie’s, but that’s up to you women.”
“I don’t want you to stay here alone,” I said with conviction. “You have to come to my place. It’s not like I haven’t the room.  In fact, I think you need to move in until we get things under control again.”
“I can’t imagine when that will be,” Megan chuckled. “It’s a worldwide and age-old war we’re fighting.”
“We can at least get things under control in this area,” I said firmly. “Please, Megan. Humor me and move in.”
She threw her head back in laughter.  “Talk about a house full of misfits.”
I found myself laughing along with her.  Although I doubt Max saw the humor in her words that we did, our laughter was infectious, and he soon joined in.
We spent the remaining twenty minutes before Peter, Evan and Angela returned for us in silent contemplation. Megan took the time to pack a few essentials she’d stashed in the cellar to take with her to my place with the promise that Peter would take her list in the morning to fetch whatever she needed from her home.
One of the things he’d be picking up was her cat. Angela was finally going to have a cat around.  I hoped that would mellow her 
mood.

TWENTY-THREE
I settled Megan into a room not far from the one Peter occupied.  Angela made mention, more than once, that she thought both Peter and Megan would be better off on the wing that she and Evan occupied as there was strength in numbers.  I found it interesting that she didn’t suggest that anyone be placed on the wing that my room was in, but let it go as it was clearly a ploy of hers to get Peter closer. 
It saddened me to see this side of her. I was just beginning to consider us friends. 
“It’s so nice here that I’m tempted to give up my place and move in permanently.  I like the commune feel,” Megan teased as she entered the kitchen and grabbed an oatmeal cookie from the plate I’d set in the middle of the table. 
“You won’t hear me arguing if you do,” I said as I set an oversized pot of tea and a stack of cups next to the cookie plate. “I like my private time, but I also enjoy people.  This place is big enough to offer both. The more I’m in it, the more I realize how fortunate I was to find it.”
“Did you find it, or did it find you?” Megan asked as she bit into her cookie.
I hugged myself and rubbed my arms. “It does seem to be alive at times.”
“Some places are that way.  My grannie explained it as the walls absorbing the thoughts and energies of the people who walk them.  She said that sensitive people like me… and you... can feel them.”
“Your grannie was a wise woman,” I mused as I helped myself to a cookie.
“She was a damned good witch too.  One of the best,” Megan said proudly.
“What’s involved in becoming a witch?” I asked as I nibbled on my cookie.  “Are you just born that way, or do you study?  I know there are cults out there with witch wannnabes.  I’m talking about the real deal.”
“The real deal, eh?” Megan mused.  “I’d say that you have to have some type of talent as a sensitive in order to work magic correctly.  You could do it if you wanted to.  You have a good enough psyche and already an excellent handle on herbs. You’d only need a bit of learning.”   She gave me a toothy smile that not only displayed her teeth, but a bit of raisin that clung to an incisor. “Yep, you’d make a fine witch.”
I smiled as I pointed to my own incisor and informed her that she was sporting a raisin. She removed it with a giggle and a shrug before helping herself to a second moist, round disc of goodness.
“What’s making the two most beautiful women I know so happy?” Peter asked as he sauntered into the room. He stopped next to the table and pointed to the plate in the center of the table.  “Are these oatmeal raisin?” When I nodded, he asked, “Are they homemade?”
“If not, they’re as good as,” Megan offered.
His eyes sparkled with humor, “What do I have to do to try one?”
I raised a brow mischievously as I looked at Megan. Then, feeling pity for him, I simply produced a cheek and tapped at it.
“Now, that’s a price I’ll gladly pay,” he said as he kissed my cheek while extending his hand toward the cookie plate.  He’d barely pulled away from my face before he was shoving the cookie into his mouth.  “You’re right, Megan.  These are pretty good.”
“Is Max coming over after dinner?” Megan asked as she helped herself to some of my freshly brewed, special blend of herbal tea.  “We’re going after those bastards tonight, aren’t we?”
“From what I could tell, there are at least a dozen zombies in that house, maybe more.  I want to send for reinforcements and I also want to get the oven in the morgue up and running.  It’ll be hard to explain away that many corpses,” Peter said as he stood behind me and wrapped his arms around my shoulders.  
I bent my head to the side so that his lips could better caress my neck. “Is Max in agreement with you on this?  It makes sense to me and I’m with you, but I’m pretty sure he’s hot to do something tonight.”
“Then, he’ll just have to cool down,” Angela said as she entered the room.
I felt terrible about the sudden and unmistakable tension in the air.  I really liked her and was looking forward to our friendship growing and maturing.  Leave it to a man to come between us. 
Peter’s phone rang, and he released my shoulders to answer it. “Speak of the devil,” he said as he left the room to talk to Max.
“I’m going to find the washroom,” Megan said with a knowing smile.
I directed her to the downstairs half-bath before offering Angela some tea and a cookie.  She gave me a weak smile as she sat at the table and selected a cup from the pile I’d placed in the center of the table.
Never one to mince words or beat around topics, I looked directly at her and said, “When I asked you if you and Peter had anything going you not only told me you didn’t, but you said he was all mine.  So, why are you behaving like a jealous ninny now?”
“Ninny?” she said with a chuckle.
“Whatever you want to call it.  It’s just very disappointing.  Had I any idea that you were lying to me, I wouldn’t have let him near me.”
“Yes, you would have.  Peter has that charisma that women like you can’t resist.”
“Women like me?”
“You have to admit that you’re a bit inexperienced when it comes to relationships.”
“You talk like he preys on innocent women or something,” I said with a scowl. “Or something.”
“I have no tolerance for fighting over a man.  I never did want to play that game.  If it means that much to you, I’ll back off and let you have him.  If he’ll have you, that is.  Just know that we’re damaged now.  It isn’t even over Peter.  It’s because you’ve shown me a side of you that shows you are capable of turning on your friends.  You can’t be trusted.”
“We were never really friends,” she said in a low tone. “In the beginning stages, maybe, but nothing solid.”
I shook my head.  “Why did you invite 
me to lunch with him if you are so possessive?”
“I didn’t know you two knew each other and I never expected him to like you like he does.  I figured he’d make you a one-night stand or maybe a one-month stand; nothing more.”
“What she’s really worried about is that he put that stuff in your system,” Meg interjected as she returned.  When Angela looked at her with surprise, she added, “I have talents you have yet to discover young lady.” She sat back down in her chair and cupped her tea cup possessively. “Like Vickie, I no longer look upon you in the same way. You need to learn the value of a good friend. You never know when you’ll want one.  As for Peter, he put that antidote inside of her knowing what might happen, but also prepared for it if it does.  You see, Angela, Vickie is his soul mate, and nothing can change that.  Should she become a vampire, it only elongates their time together. I can’t see Peter arguing with that even if he’s not trying to make it happen.”
Angela slammed her cup onto the table and stood up.  Her face was scarlet with either rage or embarrassment; perhaps both.  “I’ll be in my rooms if anyone needs me.”
Meg looked at me long and hard. “I need to learn to keep my fat nose out of other people’s business.”
“Not this time,” I said reassuringly. “I’m still new to the psychic and spirit talking stuff, but if what you say is true, you’ve managed to ward off a major blow up between me and Peter.   Possibly even a break up. You made me take the time to see things through his eyes and try to put myself in his shoes. You have no idea how much I appreciate that. You behaved like a true friend and I value you. I just want you to know that.”
“I value you too,” she managed to choke out.  It was clear she was getting emotional.
“I don’t mean to get all sappy,” I said. “It’s just that I’ve been hungry for friends.  It’s not easy for someone in my profession who also has an A – type personality to move to a new town where I know no one and make friends, let alone keep them. I don’t take your friendship lightly.”
“You do have an A-type personality,” she chuckled.  “We need to work on that.  Maybe some 
yoga.”
I shrugged and relaxed.  Her light heartedness was just what I needed. “Maybe.”
“Max insists on coming over, even if we aren’t doing it tonight,” Peter said as he returned to the kitchen. “I might as well take him into the basement to check out that oven.  It won’t hurt to get things in order sooner, rather than later.” 
“Do you know anything about those things?” I asked.
He placed his hand over his heart and made a face that was supposed to pass as one of hurt feelings; although his eyes sparkled with amusement too much for him to pull it off. “Oh, ye of little faith.”
“I have no intention of doing something so dreary after the day I’ve had,” Megan announced.  “I think I’ll search the television for a good movie.”
My eyes lit up. “Now, you’re talking.”  I looked at Peter and grinned.  “You can let Max in, right?”
I could hear Peter’s light-hearted chuckle as I followed Megan into the living room.  I didn’t care what movie she selected.  I just wanted to relax my brain and body amongst good company for the evening. As I settled down and waited for Megan to select a movie, my mind quickly compared Peter’s easy way of accepting the fact that I’d chosen to do something without him and wondered if he could ever truly be with someone as possessive as Angela even if I wasn’t in the picture.  I doubted it.  Besides, they’d known each other for years and nothing lasting had happened between them.  She needed to come to terms with this fact and move on.
You can’t go wrong with a John Wayne movie as far as I’m concerned.  As luck would have it, the classic station was putting on a marathon of his movies.  We literally binged on ‘The Duke’.   Peter, Max, and Evan joined us for the final movie of the night, The Quiet Man. We saw no sign of Angela, but, then, neither Meg or I expected to.

TWENTY-FOUR
When it was time to go to bed, it was my intention to send Peter to his room, but when he asked for a little time to talk about things, I couldn’t refuse him.  It was better to address what happened right away instead of letting things fester.
Once inside my room, he didn’t embrace me, as I’d expected.  Instead, he paced the room while he put his thoughts in order.  My room was large enough to have a sitting area in it, so I headed for the fainting sofa and left the club chair for him.  When he finally sat down in it, I could see that he was ready to talk.
“I should have gotten your permission before giving you that antidote,” he began.
“As if I’d say ‘no’,” I said lazily.  “Who willingly becomes a walking corpse?” 
“They eventually become reanimated to the point of being, what I’d consider, another altered person,” he said softly. “But, even so, I wouldn’t want to be a part of that riff raff.  Woe to humanity if they ever get their way.”
“Even though I’m okay that you slipped 
me that antidote, don’t ever do anything like 
that again.  I value my right of free choice.” 
“I plan on watching you like a hawk for the next year to make sure nothing happens to change you.  One day we’ll have the formula perfected so there’s no worry, but that isn’t today.”
“By change, you mean my becoming a vampire?”
He nodded. “That’s why I am supposed to get your permission.  We don’t believe in sneaking or tricking people into becoming one of us.”
“How did Angela and Evan become one?”
“Not by the antidote,” he said. “Angela was on death’s door in the hospital.  She had cancer.  Her nurse was one of us and offered her the opportunity to join us.  Evan was in a car accident that would have 
taken his life if a vampire hadn’t come along and turned him.”
“So, you can make a vampire by biting them?  Like in the movies?” I asked as I remembered how I’d let him bite my neck.
“We can, but it takes more than a bite. You would have to ingest our blood and then we would drain you of yours until you were no longer able to sustain life on your own.  Then, we’d give you more of our blood.  It’s quite involved.”
“That wouldn’t be the case for me though?” I was still trying to understand.
“No.  Technically you’re already a vampire, but you haven’t activated the genes.  If they don’t get activated, then your humanity will eventually override them. It takes about a year for that to happen.”
“So, the antidote is actually vampirism?” I gasped.
He nodded.  “It’s not that bad.  Nothing will happen to you and then you’ll be back to being a human again. I promise you.”
“What if I don’t want to be a human?” I asked, thoughtfully.
“You’d want to be a vampire?” he asked, with both surprise and hope.
I shrugged. “I’m just trying to understand things.  The zombie war will be raging long after we tend to the crew that’s trying to overtake our county.  If vampirism makes me immune to zombism, that’s a plus. From what I’ve seen with you, there really is little difference in us.  You could just as easily require an insulin shot for life support.”
“That’s right,” he interjected. “But there are a few other differences.  Our bodies tend to stay in the shape they were in at the time we turned.  If we’re fat or skinny, we stay that way, but our strength increases.  Our immune systems also change.  We aren’t susceptible to the diseases that befall man.  This makes us prime candidates for professions such as ours.”
“That sounds pretty good,” I mused.
“I think so,” he said, “but there is something to consider that may not appeal to you.   We age so slowly that we need to move around so that people don’t notice.”
His words struck me like a slap in the face. “Our days together are numbered,” I said, worriedly.
“I’m afraid that if you stay as you are, 
I will  outlive  you.   As for my leaving,  I’d planned on asking you to go with me.”
“And grow old and wrinkled beside you while you stay young and handsome?”  The mere thought made me shudder.
“I love more than your looks, Vickie.  I love your soul.”
“Megan insists that we’re soul mates.”
He nodded, “I can see that.”
“I’m not sure I believe in soul mates.  She also talks to dead people which is another thing I’m on the fence with.”
He threw his head back in laugher. “You make love to a vampire and hunt zombies in the night, but you question talking to spirits?”
I grinned at how ridiculous it sounded. 
“And soul mates.  I question them too.”
He shook his head. “Amazing.”
“Like Megan said, I need time to absorb it all.”
“How about we sleep on it?  I’m a bit tired.”
“So, vampires get tired too.”
“It’s so annoying what Hollywood has done,” he said with a roll of his eyes.  “I also snore.”
“Oh, that’s something I know all too well,” I said with a teasing giggle.  “It’s too bad you’re so tired.  I’ve still got energy to burn.”
I raced to my bed; tearing clothes off my body and carelessly tossing them onto the floor as I did.  He watched me for a moment.  His grin was filled with amusement, but his eyes belied his attempt to hide his lust behand that casual mannerism.  As I slid my naked body beneath the covers, he followed suit.
We may not have been lovers for very long, but I was already learning his body language. As his lean length molded against mine, I could feel tiredness radiating from him. I questioned if I should stop and just let him sleep, but when he took my hand and placed it on his engorged penis, I knew that he’d get no sleep until he had relief.
“I don’t have any condoms,” I said in a breathy whisper.  
“Woman,” he groaned as he rolled out of bed and rummaged into the pockets of his pants. He crawled back into bed and handed the packet to me. “We’re going to have to get you set up a bit better.”
As I tore the packet open and 
carefully put the condom on him, I couldn’t help thinking about the fact that he always seemed to have one in his pocket.  I fought back the jealousy that threatened to ruin the evening.
“I don’t keep them handy for any other reason than to make sure I don’t miss out on making love to you,” he whispered as he climbed between my legs. “As you can see, we’re connected in the mind on many things. I’ll always know when you’re upset and, more than likely, the reason why.  It’s a vampire thing.  Now, if I can just get you to be as prepared as I try to be so opportunities like this aren’t missed…”
“I’ll have to work on that,” I gasped as his mouth closed over one of my nipples and his hand reached between my thighs to prepare me for his entering.

TWENTY-FIVE
“How do vampires die?”  I asked as I lay in the darkness listening to his steady breathing.  I knew he was still awake because he was yet to snore.
His voice was muffled in the pillow when he finally replied.  “It isn’t easy to kill us, but there are ways.”
“Like, a stake in the heart?”
He chuckled.  “That would do it, yes.”
I sat up and hugged my knees to my chest with the blankets still covering them.  In doing so, I’d exposed his flesh to the cool night air.
“Blanket hog,” he grumbled as he gripped at the edge of the microfiber covering and tugged it back over his exposed flesh.
“What a baby,” I teased.  “Are you sure you’re a vampire?”
“Woman, if you don’t let me sleep,” he murmured in a tone that was half-teasing and half-serious.
“I don’t understand why you’re so exhausted. Is there something I need to know?”
He heaved a sigh and rolled onto his 
back. “It’s nothing to worry about.  I was exposed to something that weakens vampires while we were searching for the zombie den.  I’ll be fine after I have a few hours’ sleep to regenerate.”
“They can do that to you?”
“It’s a new thing that they’ve come up with and we still haven’t been able to analyze it to create an antidote.”
I stretched out and snuggled into him so that we were in the spooning position.  “How do they administer it?   Did you get close enough to one to have an altercation?  I didn’t think that they saw you.”
He took a long sleepy breath. “They didn’t.  I tripped a wire, and something burst.  Before we realized it, we’d inhaled some of the powdery substance.” He stretched and yawned. “I just need a little sleep and I’ll be as good as new.”
“So, all it does is make you tired?”
“As far as I know, it’s a weakening agent.  We’re stronger than they are in a one on one situation. If they weaken us and are great in numbers, they can get the upper hand.”
“And drive a stake in your heart?” I asked worriedly. “They could pull off our heads too. That would work,”
I shuddered.
He rolled over and pulled me close. “They have to get close enough and be quick enough to do these things.  We’re mighty fast, my love.  I wouldn’t worry.”
“So, that’s why they’ve developed this agent?  To slow you down?”
“It is a war.”
“Did Angela and Evan breathe it in too?”
“Not as much. I was the one to trip the wire, so I got most of it.”
“What would happen if I got exposed to the stuff?  You said I’m a vampire.”
“You have vampirism in you, but it’s dormant. I doubt anything would happen other than you’d have a coughing fit.  It’s pretty chalky.”  He kissed my forehead and nudged my head so that it rested on his chest. His heart beat loud and strong in a way that reassured me that he was fine. “Now, let me sleep and when I awake I’ll ravage you again.”
“Only if you have another condom,” I said in a soft teasing manner.
“Always, my love,” he said as he slipped off to sleep.
I lay listening to the steady rhythm of his soft snores.  I knew that, as his sleep deepened, his snores would get more aggressive.  Surprisingly, I wasn’t bothered by it.  Even so, I couldn’t sleep.
After about thirty minutes of listening to his snores become progressively deeper and louder, I decided to go back downstairs for a cup of chamomile tea. I’d hoped that by watching movies and relaxing before going to bed, I would have countered a good deal of the stress and anxiety that was built up in my body and topped off by Megan’s run-in with the advanced zombies, but I still needed something more.  Perhaps the tea would do the trick.
I disengaged from his embrace while being careful not to disturb him. Pulling on my terry robe and sliding my feet into my slippers, I padded out of the room; closing the door carefully behind me so as to make 
as little noise as possible.
Once in the hallway, I breathed easier.
I debated whether to turn on the light or simply make my way downstairs without it.  I opted for the latter.  I didn’t know at what stages of sleep everyone was and, since it was around one o’clock in the morning, I didn’t want to disturb anyone by turning on the lights.  There were enough windows strategically placed throughout the house to allow sufficient light from the night sky in to guide my way.  Once I was on the first floor, I wouldn’t have to worry and could turn on the light at the base of the stairs.
I was half-way down the broad, winding, and exceedingly grand staircase when I thought I heard a motor running.  I stopped and focused my hearing to listen more carefully.  It sounded like it was coming from the back part of the house.  I struggled to think what might possibly have a motor in that part of the house and then I remembered.  The elevator. Someone was using the elevator.
Before I could call out ask which of my house boarders wasn’t able to sleep, or even take another step on the stairs, I saw the silhouette of a woman and a man slip past the opening of the foyer on their way to the elevator from the direction of the back entrance.  We were being invaded and, after my experience with Jacob Tripp and then Megan’s narrow escape just hours earlier, I took an educated guess that the invaders were advanced zombies. Possibly even the same advanced zombies who’d gone to Megan’s store earlier that day. 
I held my breath and waited for the elevator to move before I tiptoed down the remaining steps.  Crouching low, I peered into the darkened foyer and adjacent hall for signs of more bodies moving about.  When I didn’t see any, I raced to my medical office and pulled open the cabinet where I kept the recently amply stocked supply of GHB and filled three syringes with it.  Not knowing how many were in the house, I stuffed a few viles of it in my robe pocket, along with a few empty syringes.  If need be, I could always reuse a syringe. It wasn’t like I needed to worry about contamination with these animated dead people.
When I felt suitably armed, I eased the door open far enough to see if there was any activity I needed to worry about. I looked out just in time to see a man creeping up the stairs.  He was far too animated to be a new zombie. These were definitely advanced zombies coming to kill us.  I was sure of it.
I reached into my pocket for my cell 
phone, but came up empty. I’d left it upstairs on the charger.  With my body so tense I felt like I’d explode at any moment, I went to my office phone and checked to see if it was working.  I heaved a sigh of relief when I heard the dial tone.  Max’s number was programmed into my cell phone and only required that I push his name to call him.  I prayed I’d remember his number as I dialed it on my landline.  I gave thanks for my excellent memory when I heard it ringing on his end.  It took several rings before his deep voice grumbled his greeting.
“The house is flooded with zombies,” I whispered without identifying myself.
“Vickie? What the…” he mumbled as he struggled to get his bearings.
“I’m in my office and don’t know what to do.  Everyone else is asleep.  They’re going up the stairs and using the elevator.”
“Stay put, I’m coming.”
“Everyone else is asleep. The vampires were weakened by some powder they breathed in while tracking down the zombies.  I don’t know how much help they’ll be.”
“My deputy, Eddie, has helped me trap a zombie or two.  I’ll grab him and be over in about fifteen minutes.”
“That’s a long time to let them wander the house,” I gulped.
“I’ll try to hurry. Just stay put. Promise me.”
Before  I  could  say   more,   he’d 
disconnected the call.  My hands trembled as I replaced the earpiece into the cradle as quietly as I could. 
Taking a few deep breaths, I did my best to stabilize my breathing and heart rate before going back to the door to peek out.
When I pulled the door open to look out, I was met by a pair of dark eyes looking back at me.  Now that I knew what to look for, even in the poor lighting, I could see the oval shape of their oversized pupils. 
I stifled a scream as I threw my hands over my mouth. The zombie pushed the door open with such force that I fell backwards against my desk.  I winced from the pain in my hip as it jammed with considerable force into the point on the corner of the sleek mahogany top.  It was the first indication of the strength these zombies possessed.  I remembered how hard Jacob pulled on my hair.  Had it been this zombie pulling it, I was certain I’d be sporting a bald spot.
The sound of the office door slamming against the wall as it flew open echoed. I was in panic; not only because I was about to face off with a very strong, and human-like zombie who wanted me dead, but also because I was afraid that the loud bang that the door made as it slammed into the wall would bring more zombies my way.
My adversary was a very mean looking male who stood about three inches taller than me.  His shoulders were narrow, as was his torso, but I didn’t let that fool me.  The pain in my hip was a clear reminder of the abnormal strength these creature possessed.  I ran behind my desk to put a barrier between us as I did my best to pull out a syringe without him seeing it.  If he was truly intelligent, then it wouldn’t do to assume he wouldn’t comprehend my intentions with the syringe.
He snarled like an animal to the point saliva dribbled from the corner of his mouth, but he said nothing as he cautiously moved toward me. His eyes darted left and right as if he was contemplating what my next move might be. I decided to use this to my advantage and made a false attempt to run to my left.
This was enough to pull his attention in that direction so that I could plunge forward with the syringe extended.  With the full weight of my body soaring through the air, the needle sank into the zombie’s upper thigh.  The GHB instantly began working and he collapsed to the floor. With nothing to stop me from propelling onward, I landed on top of him.
I could hear a grunt as the impact of my weight crashing down on him forced what little air might have been in his lungs past his vocal cords and then it was silent.
I quickly rolled off him and scrambled to my feet.  He’d fallen far enough away from the door that I was able to close it, so I did so as fast as my shaking limbs would allow me to.
I’d almost closed it completely when a hand from the other side of the door pushed it back opened.  I was fumbling to get another syringe from my pocket and cursing my unreliable fingers when Max whispered my name.
I pulled the door open and flew into him.  He wrapped his strong arms around me and held me closer than was necessary, but I didn’t care.  I’d just battled an advanced zombie and it wasn’t easy.  I was terrified to think how many more were awaiting us.
TWENTY-SIX
A man slighter in height and build than Max stood nervously behind him while he waited for our borderline intimate scene to end.  When he was sure I was okay, Max set me free and put his finger to his lips.  He stepped aside for Eddie to see into the room and pointed to the zombie man I’d just conquered as he lay in a heap on the floor and then pulled me out of the room and closed the door behind us.
We stood at the base of the stairs while Eddie scoped out the rest of the downstairs.  I heard a loud thud, but breathed easy when Eddie came around the corner dragging a female zombie.  Max opened the door to my office and they unceremoniously shoved her into the room and closed the door.
I wasn’t sure how I felt about them piling zombies up in my office, but I knew better than to complain.
We inched our way upstairs, stopping every so often to listen and also to wait and see if the floorboard creaking beneath our weight raised any type of alarm.
I was getting concerned.  It was awfully quiet upstairs.  The zombies had been up there for an easy fifteen minutes without interruption. That was plenty of time to do damage and possibly kill an unsuspecting, sleeping vampire or two. 
It seemed like eternity before we reached the top landing of the stairs.  I stood behind Max and to the side; gripping his upper arm while I peered into the barely illuminated wings.  I spotted two bodies moving to my right and jerked at Max’s sleeve to get his attention.  He followed my eyes with his and nodded.  With his gun drawn, he nudged Eddie and then signaled for me to stay put. They inched their way toward the silhouettes. 
I worried about the loud shots alerting the rest of what seemed like a zombie army, but they never fired their guns. Instead, they snuck up behind the animated corpses and clubbed them over the head with the butt of their pistols hard enough for me to hear their skulls crack.  Max quickly opened the door to an empty and unused bedroom and they dragged the bodies into them.
By the time they’d hidden those bodies, two more appeared. I concluded that they were working in teams of two, but I didn’t want anyone to take that conclusion for granted and get caught unawares by a larger group in case I was wrong, so I kept my conclusion to myself.
My head twisted to and fro while I tried to keep track of Max and Eddie while making sure there were no zombies sneaking up on me.  I wanted to go and check on Peter, but he was in the wing where all the action was, so I didn’t dare.
I couldn’t help wondering what would have happened had I fallen asleep alongside of him.
I looked down toward the room that I’d placed Megan in just in time to see two zombies sneak into it.  My heart beat wildly as I searched for Max and Eddie in hopes that I could notify them of what was happening.  They were no longer visible.  
Steeling myself, I moved my trembling body in the direction of Megan’s room.  I mentally chastised myself that now wasn’t the time to be timid or weak. Megan wasn’t a vampire with the immunity factors in play. If I didn’t act swiftly, who knew what they’d do to her.  The thought of my friend becoming a zombie propelled me forward.  Before I knew it, I was at her bedroom door.
I didn’t sneak this time.  Using the shock method.  I pushed the door open hard and bellowed for Megan to wake up. The two female zombies stopped short. Seeing how close they were to her sleeping body, I realized how narrowly she’d escaped what I was sure would be a nefarious attack.
Megan sat up and took in the scene. It registered with her what was happening about the same time the zombies’ shock subsided and they resumed their mission. I lunged forward and knocked one of the zombies off her feet. Her foul breath was so overwhelming that I nearly faltered enough to let her get the upper hand. I had to insert the needle of the syringe into her flesh while it was still in my robe pocket.
I didn’t rush separating my robe from my victim since I realized that Megan had things well under control when the other 
zombie’s headless body fell next to me.
“That’s disgusting,” I shuddered as I pulled the needle from the zombie I’d taken down and then removed the used syringe from my pocket.
“How many of these bastards are there?” Megan managed to say as she  worked   on regaining her breath.
“I never saw exactly how many.  We’ve gotten at least half a dozen so far.  I hope that’s the end of it, but I can’t be sure.”
“Where’s Peter?”
“I hope he’s still sleeping.  Did you know that they have created something that makes vampires weak when they inhale it?  Peter tripped a wire when they were hunting down their den and got a lungful. I 
just hope the zombies didn’t find him.”
“What about Angela and Evan?” 
“Peter said they didn’t get as much because he was in the lead and is the one who tripped the wire, but they’re all weakened.  He said sleep will rejuvenate them.  He was in a pretty deep slumber when I went downstairs for some chamomile tea and discovered the invad-
ers.”
“Hurray for insomnia,” Megan said as she went to the door and peered out into the 
hall.  “Who’s been helping you, then?”
“I called Max and he brought his deputy with him.”
“Our sheriff is proving to be one hell of a zombie hunter,” she said with a hint of admiration in her voice, “as are you, my dear.”
“I don’t want to make a habit of it,” I said as I stood next to her and looked out. “This is the second time I’ve had a zombie invasion in my house. It’s getting old.”
“It won’t go on,” Megan assured me. “I’ll make sure of that.  Follow me. I want to check on our sleeping beauties to be sure they’re safe and then we’ll dispose of these abominations.”
I gladly let her take the lead as we worked our way from room to room, rousing my vampire boarders.  We found one zombie in Evan’s room. It looked like he was about to attack Evan’s sleeping body. We’d woken Angela by then, so Megan and I just stepped back and watched while she vented her vampire strength and rage on the hated zombie.  Within seconds the creature was 
torn to pieces.
Evan sat up at the sound of all the commotion and rubbed his eyes.  Seeing Angela holding the head and arm of her victim, he calmly said, “That’s a little much, wouldn’t you say?”   He turned to me with an apologetic look and added, “If it can’t be cleaned, we’ll replace the carpet.”
It was only then that I realized just how much intestines and blood was scattered about the middle of the room.  Even though I was a doctor who performed autopsies and did surgeries, I found the scene before me overwhelming.
Angela’s chest heaved from the emotions she’d released on the zombie.  “We need to go to Peter’s room.”
“No, my room,” I said.
I could see the jealous hurt in her eyes as she stomped passed me.  There was no more sneaking around the second floor to surprise whatever zombies were left.  Angela was an awakened and angry vampire out for vengeance.  Between her rage, strength, and speed, they didn’t stand a chance.
We reached my room to find Peter still deep in sleep.  Evan moved past us and checked his pulse and breathing.  “Somethings, not right.  He should have awoken from the commotion our Angela 
made.”
I heard a ‘humph’ from Angela, but nothing more.
Megan approached the bed. “Let me see.”
One would have expected the doctor in the room to be the first to bound to Peter’s side and check on him, but I was the last.  Something in my gut told me that I was useless in this matter and the one who held the key to telling us why Peter had Sleeping Beauty Syndrome 
was Megan. So, I stayed out of the way.
She believed he’d awaken in time but cursed the zombie maker for the magic she’d used to make the powder he’d inhaled before asking for the clothes they’d worn when they were exposed to the powder.  It was her hope that there was enough residue to examine so that she could create an antidote for it.
When Max and Eddie came to tell us that there were no more zombies in the house we left Peter to his slumber and set about collecting bodies to take to the morgue.  Max gave thanks to the fact that he and Peter had gotten the cremation oven up and running so many times that I lost count. 
I may not have been as excited about the cremation oven, but as I helped drag an incredibly heavy body, I gave thanks for the elevator.
I had to look away as they disposed of the zombies since they didn’t just toss them into the furnace.  That, in itself would have been difficult to watch, but everyone -except me- worked together to pull the bodies into pieces before tossing them into the flames.  Both Max and Megan were insistent that the load we were putting on the furnace was a heavy one and that by having the bodies in pieces it would make them burn faster.  I simply nodded my head while I forced back the bile that steadily crept up my esophagus. 
When it was completed, I muttered my apologies for not being of use.  To my surprise, everyone – even Angela- assured me that they were not upset and suggested that I do something to try to wipe the scene from my mind before I went to bed.
I didn’t quite know what would remove such a gruesome scene from my memory or if it would ever go away, but I agreed that I needed to do something to shift my brain before I tried to sleep again.  I went into the kitchen, brewed a pot of tea, and proceeded to bake an enormous batch of chocolate chip cookies and an equally large number of brownies.  Nothing spelled ‘smile’ like chocolate.
Max and Eddie said their good-nights and Evan slipped back to bed, but Angela and Megan stayed up and helped me bake.  With man trouble off the table, Angela and I were able to enjoy each other’s company like we had in our pre-Peter days.  With Megan added to the mix, it was just plain delightful.
I snuggled up to Peter’s sleeping form a few hours later with a belly full of chocolate and a smile.  The zombie ordeal seemed like a bad dream. 
 
TWENTY-SEVEN
I didn’t open the office the next day.  Not that it mattered as I had no appointments scheduled and everyone was well trained to remember that I only held a walk-in clinic one night a week, which had already passed.
I was a bit sluggish as I made myself busy tidying up the house from the battle of the night before.  Angela, Evan, and Megan were all very helpful in helping me with this task, for which I was grateful. It was well after noon before we finished, and Peter was still sound asleep.
I expressed my concern to Megan while she joined me for a cup of soup and a tuna sandwich on the back patio.  The sun felt soothing, as if it was melting away any remnants of stress that our chocolate fest the 
night before might have left behind.
“I need to get to my lab to test that powder,” Megan said as she camouflaged a burp with her hand. “It’s too bad you don’t have one here.”
“I have a pretty complete set up between my herbs, the autopsy lab, and my medical office.  What do you need?  Maybe we can pull a lab together for you.”
Megan smiled. “I forgot how amazing you are.  Of course, you’d have the makings of a lab.  Of course, you would.”
I didn’t take offense at her statement or the laughter that followed.  I knew that her words and her laughter were the effects of joy and relief that she wouldn’t have to risk going back to her place and not a sarcastic tease as someone in a defensive state of mind might think.  After being invaded twice by the zombies, I questioned how safe my place was, but everyone insisted it was the best place to be.  It sure made me wonder about other places if my easily penetrated fortress was the best option.
“I want you to help me create a spell to shield this place from that zombie witch bitch,” Megan said as she tipped the cup to her mouth and drank the last of her soup broth.
“I have no idea how to cast a spell,” I said.  “I don’t even know if I believe in them.”
“That’s the left brain talking,” she said with a smile. “It tries to take over; especially since it holds so much scientific gable in it from medical school.  Put it to rest and let your right brain take over and it’ll all make sense to you.”
The concept of being able to control which side of the brain ran the show was just one more thing for me to try to wrap my head around, but I didn’t tell her that.  Instead, I got quiet and stilled my mind as best I could; thinking this was the only way to put my left brain to rest.  Son of a gun, it worked!  Before I knew it, my mind was filled with visions and thoughts that I knew were messages for Megan and me.  She rushed for a pen and paper to write down the nonsense that freely rattled out of my mouth. It had to be one of the most amazing experiences I’d ever had.
“Why would I suddenly be able to do that?” I asked with awe.
“It’s probably the first you’ve tried, isn’t it?”
“I guess,” I mumbled.  “Yes, now that you mention it, I’ve never taken the time to be quiet and just let things flow before. It’s an amazing feeling.”
Megan cocked her head while she studied the nonsense that she’d written down as it came from my mouth. “I believe that if I take my time, there’s actually a formula here.  It’s either what we need to counter that nasty powder for the vampires or it’s the spell to protect the house.  Since I don’t know what 
spirits you are working with, I can’t tell.”
“Different spirits focus on different things?” I said with surprise.  Even if I was still on the fence about all of this, I couldn’t deny what 
had just happened and my curiosity was peaked. 
“Oh, yes,” she said with genuine enthusiasm over my interest. “You have a master guide, like a guardian, who helps you with things to protect yourself; such as warning you when something’s wrong or figuring out a protection spell.  Then, there’s the ancestors who dip into the well of wisdom and knowledge on your behalf and channel the information to you. Like a recipe to counter that nasty powder.”
“If you were to make a guess, which would you say it was?” 
“Well, from what I can see on this paper and taking into consideration that I already know a very effective spell for us to cast, I’m going to guess that I have before me the ingredients needed for the powder antidote.  The only thing we have to do is figure out the measures.”
“What if I can’t come up with them?”
“There are other ways to obtain them.  The method I like and trust most is the pendulum.  I simply keep suggesting a dosage until the pendulum swings in the right direction. It hasn’t failed me once.”
I felt a wave of relief sweep over me. “What should we do first?  The spell to protect the house or the remedy for that powder?”
“Let’s get this place sealed off so that we can work on that antidote without having to watch over our shoulders.”
I smiled and stood up. “Just tell me what to do.”
She took me to a quiet and secluded corner in the back yard and produced a few candles, a vile of water that she said had been blessed, and some salt. After arranging the candles in a circle inside a ring of salt that she’d made on the grass, she had me stand with her inside the circle, lit the candles, and then sprinkled the water on each of us while she said an incantation to the ancestors to dome the house with protective energy.  She then began to state who could enter. 
I was a little concerned when I learned that it would prohibit people who weren’t named from coming to my home since I ran a medical office from it and I told her so.  She amended the spell to allow entrance to patients through the office door.   Once that was done, she explained that it would require we be cautious with all new patients and be certain that they weren’t advanced zombies sneaking in under the guise of a patient.
I pointed out that I did nothing to assist with the spell and she laughed.  Apparently having my energy paired up with hers acted as a magnifier for the spell.  I didn’t need to speak to be of assistance.  I just needed to stand there.
With the house protected, we went to work setting up a lab for Megan.  After a good deal of consideration as to where to put it, we decided on the oversized closet on the far side of the old morgue.  I already had a good deal of the room set up for the autopsies that I was to perform, but there was a small room that looked like an oversized walk-in closet with a counter in it that could easily be transformed into a magical lab.  I liked the fact that the room had windows that we could cover with blinds and a door to shut it off from prying eyes since I would have to deal with the occasional visits from the irritating undertaker.
Peter finally roused from his slumber and we put him to work helping us carry supplies and create ways to keep things organized.  When he learned that the first task on Megan’s agenda once the lab was completed was to create an antidote for that pesky zombie powder, his strength and enthusiasm practically doubled.
When I told him that Megan had placed a protection barrier around the house so that we’d be free from zombie invasions, he thanked her profusely and then scowled and lamented over the fact that he’d slept through it all.
“I wish I had,” I told him.
“Your lady is quite the zombie hunter,” Megan boasted. “If she hadn’t burst into my room and bellowed for me to wake up like she did, I wouldn’t be standing here right now.”  Her shoulders shook as she laughed. “You should have seen the shocked look on those two zombies when she did that.  It was priceless.”
Although he was both proud and pleased that I raced in to save my friend, he expressed his concern for my safety; reminding me that I had the vampirism in me.  I may have been immune to becoming a zombie, but not so with the vampire syndrome.  I needed to be careful not to enter a battle that could make 
that shift happen.
“I didn’t even think of that,” I mused. “Not that it would have stopped me.  They wanted to kill Megan.  I could feel their desires.”
“She’s really quite magical,” Megan boasted.  “Her psychic powers are barely tapped into.  I can only imagine what a force to be reckoned with she’d be if she was a vampire.”
“I’m considering it,” I said softly.
Megan looked at me long and hard. “It’s not the worst choice for you, but it’s also not the only choice.” She turned to Peter and asked, “How old are you?”
He smiled and said “Forty-three.  I was turned while in Africa, remember?”
Megan scowled. “Okay, bad example.  What about Angela or Evan?  How old are they?”
Peter thought for a moment. “I believe Angela is seventy-five and Evan is at least one-hundred years old.”
“There you go,” Megan said with a grin. “I’m older than any of them and I’m not a vampire.  I did it through magic.” She turned to me and looked into my eyes. “You have choices.  Being a vampire has some 
serious advantages, but so does being a witch.”
My A-type personality and its desire to leave no stone unturned took over, so I asked, “Could I do both?” 
Laughter peeled from both Peter and 
Megan as Peter said, “See why I love her so?” 

TWENTY-EIGHT
Once we were certain that she had all she needed for her lab, Peter and I left her alone to concentrate on the task at hand. She hoped to have an antidote for the powder within the day, but couldn’t guarantee it.  She repeatedly lamented over not knowing what kind of magic was being used by the zombie maker.  Apparently, different magic used different energy.  
I had so much to learn and absorb…. and believe.
Peter suggested we get out of the house for a while. He felt that the change in scenery would do me some good. At his suggestion of a picnic by a nearby lake, I eagerly gathered things together to make it happen.  Within an hour we were spreading out a blanket on the banks of a beautiful, peaceful lake.
I lay back and reveled in the sun’s heat as it caressed my face. “How did you know about this place?  I’ve been here much longer and had no idea.”
“I found it yesterday while searching for the zombie den.”
I sat up with a start. “We aren’t near them, are we?”
He stretched out next to me. “One of the things you’ll have to get used to is the fact that they’re all around us. We can’t stop living because of it.”
“But, we don’t have to plant ourselves in their back yard either,” I grumbled as I sat up. “Let’s go.”
“We just got here,” he said with a sweet smile as he lightly stroked my arm with his long, well-manicured fingers.
I got onto my knees and started to pick up our picnic things. “I’m serious.”
I could hear the genuine surprise in his voice when he asked, “Are you really afraid” 
I stopped packing things and looked at him. “You should be too.”
“Why?”
“Because there are a lot of them and… well… there’s only the two of us.”
“I’m a vampire, my love.  It would take more than what they have in numbers to take me down.”
“Unless they squirted that powder stuff at you.”
He chuckled and laid back to let the sun warm his face. “In case you didn’t notice, I was fine until bedtime. That powder stuff doesn’t hit me right away.  They’d have to do it hours before attacking. Relax and enjoy what’s left of the afternoon. We got a late start, after all.”
I hesitated before giving in and joining him.  “The sun’s still warm though.  Which reminds me.  You’re a vampire, yet you’re basking in the sun.”
He heaved an exasperated sigh. “Hollywood.”
“So, that’s not true then?” I stupidly asked.
“I’m not melting or anything,” he said in a lazy manner that showed he’d rather find a different topic, or, better yet, not speak at all.
“I have so much to learn,” I said as I rested my head on his chest.
He looped his fingers through my long hair.    “This feels nice. Your hair’s so 
silky.”
I reached up and slid my fingers through his. “Yours is nice too.”
“Hmm,” he said before emitting a faint snore.
I couldn’t believe that he’d fallen asleep after having slept for so long already.  It was a clear indication that something was very wrong with him.  I eased myself off the blanket and made my way to a spot far enough away from him where I felt comfortable making a 
phone call without him hearing and dialed 
Megan.
“How are you doing analyzing that powder?” I asked instead of greeting her with a ‘hello’. 
My rudeness clued her into the fact that something was wrong.  “What’s going on?”
“He’s fallen back to sleep. We haven’t been here twenty minutes.”
“Where are you?”
“If you can believe it, we’re at a lake not far from the zombie den he found last night.”
“What’s wrong with him?  There’s probably residue all over. It’s not like it will stay in one spot and not blow in the wind. How foolish.”
“I told him I wanted to leave when I found out, but he insisted we’re safe because he’s a vampire.”
 “A lot of good that does with him comatose,” she hissed. “Get him out of there.”
I gasped and jumped at the ridiculously loud snore he made as he rolled over. “I’m not sure how easy that will be.  He’s out pretty deep.  If I can’t wake him, and I doubt I can, I’m going to need more strength than I have.”
I went back to Peter and shook his shoulder while calling his name, but got no response.
“I’ll see if Evan will come to help you.  Hang on.”
I paced nervously while I waited for her to return to the phone with Evan’s answer while worriedly monitoring Peter’s sleeping.  When she finally returned to tell me that both Evan and Angela were on their way, my legs nearly collapsed from nerves.
I knelt down next to him on the blanket and picked up where I’d left off with packing up the picnic supplies that I’d only recently set out.  I’d been careless with the tomato and lettuce sandwiches and the ants had gotten to them, so I tossed them off for Mother Nature to distribute as she saw fit.  Then, I crumpled the parchment paper I’d done such a poor job wrapping them in and crammed it into a bag that I’d brought along for trash.
I carried the basket to the car and placed it in the trunk.  When I was closing the truck, I caught a glimpse of three people with my peripheral vision.  They were scooting from one oversized shrub to the other.  Don’t ask me why, but no matter how tempted I was to look in that direction to see if I had actually seen them or if my paranoid mind was just playing tricks on me, I didn’t.  Instead, I closed the trunk and casually walked around to the front of the car and reached into the glove compartment for the syringes I’d made of point of storing in there.  I remember how sad I was when I placed them in there as a safety precaution.  It was a shame that something like this had to be done.  I missed the good old days when all I had to worry about when going for a drive was whether or not I had enough gas in the tank.
Pretending to fix my face and hair with a compact mirror allowed me to twist and turn while combing the area through it as well as with my eyes.  I was about to give up and think I’d been imagining things when I spotted a petite blonde making her way toward me.
I put my compact away and grabbed the sweater jacket I had in the back seat. I slipped the syringes into the pocket before I put the sweater on.  Thankfully, the sun was going down and the air was cooling enough to justify my wearing the sweater.  Had it been mid-summer, I’d have gotten some curious looks for sure.
The girl was a few yards away before she hailed me with a smile and a ‘hello’.  I breathed a little easier.  Someone as friendly as this couldn’t possibly be a zombie seeking my destruction.
I greeted her with a warm smile.
She told me her name was Janet and then she pointed to a house across the lake and said that was where she lived.  The sun was still high enough in the sky and to my back, so when she looked at me, her eyes were slightly squinted.  I thought I’d managed to get a good enough look at her pupils to see if they were oval shaped or not.  They didn’t look it, so I let my body relax.
We chatted about the history of the lake and its residents.  She seemed extremely knowledgeable considering her age.  Then, she was a native born and raised, so a lot of the information given to her was passed down through generations.  That’s one of the things I noticed about the residents of small town Wolf Junction and its neighbors.  They were fiercely loyal to their heritage.
She eventually got around the asking about my sleeping companion.  She was surprised that he’d snored, peacefully, through our conversation and laughter, since we’d made no effort to be quiet.
The last thing I remember before the world went black was that I explained that he’d had a long night and was catching up on some much-needed rest.  
TWENTY-NINE
My head ached, and I had a bad, metallic taste in my mouth as I slowly regained consciousness.  I could hear activity around me long before my eyes were able to focus enough to let me see where I was and who I was with.
Janet had her back to me.  She was talking to a large woman with extremely thin, jet black hair that hung straight and stringy around her shoulders.  When she stepped aside to allow me a clear view, I gave a tiny gasp at the sight of her.  She was so fat that it rested in rolls down her body, reminding me of the caterpillar in Alice in Wonderland.  When she laughed at something Janet said, the fat on her body jiggled like Jell-O long after she’d finished. I found it mesmerizing. 
When she realized that I was conscious and staring at her, her face darkened, and she said something to Janet.  Her minion turned to look at me and then spoke to her before coming my way.
“Where am I?” My mouth was so dry it burned, but I managed to get the words out.
“You’re lucky to be alive.  It’s the vampire 
she wants.  You’re living on borrowed time.”
“Who is she?”
Janet placed her hands on her hips and cocked her head. “Now, really. You’ve been rubbing elbows with that bumbling witch, Megan, and you don’t know about Bernice?  Surely Megan’s mentioned her.”  When I shook my head, she continued. “Bernice happens to be the best witch in five counties.  She and Megan have gone head to head so many times and Megan has lost every time. You’d think the fool would give up by now.”
I licked my dry and cracked lips.  “Can I have some water?”
“I’ll have to ask,” she said before bouncing off to the fat queen.  
When Bernice shook her head and glowered at me, I could have spit flames at her. My mouth certainly felt hot enough to do it. Janet shrugged, looked over at me, and then started off in the opposite direction.  I called out for her to wait, but she didn’t look back as she exited the room.
Not only was my head splitting and my mouth hot and dry, but my nose was being assaulted by one of the foulest odors imaginable. It was as if every odor a human could excrete was meshed together to make one. The best way to describe it would be to take a pot of boiling shit and toss some socks and jockey shorts you’ve collected from the boy’s gym in with it and then pee in the pot for good measure. Heat it up really good with the lid on it and then, take the lid off and let it permeate the air.  It was that nasty.
My arms and legs were numb from being secured in a crouched position by ties.  It made me wonder just how long I’d been out.
“I have to pee,” I managed to eke out in a voice loud enough to capture her attention away from the show she was watching on the small portable television that was precariously positioned on a TV tray a few feet in front of her.  
The witch snapped her fingers and a dark-haired girl appeared with a chamber pot. She set it down next to me and then proceeded to help me stand while still in my constraints.  She was of such a small frame that when she lifted me with ease I immediately deduced that she was a zombie.  A quick gander at her pupils verified it.
With my ankles and wrists bound together, I was at her mercy as she yanked my pants down around my knees and then held me like a child over the pot.  Mortified by it all, I quickly did my business. The girl pulled the pot away and none-too-gently put me back together before shoving me back against the wall.  I watch in disgust as she took the pot of piss and dumped it into a large black cauldron that rested on a portable burner not far from the fat woman.  Perhaps I wasn’t that far off with my description of the smell in the air.
Bernice laughed at my look of disgust. “Do you have any idea how much of a person is in their excrement?  Tons!  It’s the perfect thing to use when casting spells on someone.”
I didn’t want to speak because of the condition of my mouth, but I couldn’t resist asking, “Why are you casting a spell on me?” 
“No spell on you, dearie.  I just want your DNA.”
“I can’t imagine why,” I managed to say.
“You’re sexing the vampire, aren’t you?” she said with raised brow.  “You’ll have his DNA in your system from it. Even if it’s just a bit.”
“We use protection,” I spat. 
She scowled.  “According to this here pot, there’s a bit of vampire in you. You might want to check the condoms he’s using. They clearly aren’t doing their job.”
I wanted to tell her that the vampirism in me was the antidote, but something stopped me.  It was at that point that they dragged Peter into the room.  He was bound and glassy eyed.
“What have you done to him?” I asked with effort. “Damn it.  You have me hog tied. What’s the harm in giving me a drink of water. My mouth is dry as sand.”
“Good.  Then, it’s working.”
“What’s working?”
“The dehydration process.  I want you dehydrated before I turn you. Makes things easier.”
Peter heard her words and strained against his bindings.  It was clear that he was as weak as a puppy.
“Janet said that I was living on borrowed time. She said it was the vampire you were after.”
“He’s my primary target, but won’t it be a feather in my cap to turn Megan’s buddy?”  When she threw her head back to laugh, the rolls of fat on her chin wavered back and forth like dominos.
I did my best to stay calm. Calling her a crazy bitch would accomplish nothing good and clueing her in to the fact that I was immune to zombism was probably not the wisest idea.  I needed to find out as much as I could about what was happening and then try to think of a way out.  I eased my hands toward my pocket to check if the syringes were still there.  They were.
When Janet returned to give me a shot in the thigh, I did my best to evade her, but to no avail.  I could feel my body drying up beneath its flesh. It was an eerie sensation. I looked at her eyes again. “You’re not a zombie.”
“That’s right,” she giggled.
“Then, why are you doing her bidding?”
“Family takes care of family. She promised to turn me when I get a bit older.   Besides, they need some humans out there for cases like this where you know to identify a zombie by their eyes.”  She patted my thigh. “You’ll like being one of us.”
I wanted to say, “I doubt it,” but, again, I knew better than to anger them.  Instead I asked, “What does she want with Peter?”
“She’s going to dissect him. It’s something she’s been wanting to do for some time, but vampires aren’t easy to catch.  It’ll give us some answers on why they are immune to zombism and then she can use his body parts to create a formula to counter that immunity. With vampires out of the way, we’ll complete our mission much faster.”
The blood drained from my head and the room seemed distant as she spoke.  I felt as if I was falling down a deep dark hole.  I couldn’t decide if it was the shock of what I’d just heard they intended to do to Peter or the effects of the shot.
I fought it as long as I could and then 
gave in.  As I sank into the darkness, my mind stayed alert.  It wasn’t long before I could hear voices in my head.  Were they people speaking in the smelly room around me?  Or, were the voices coming from somewhere else?  I couldn’t move my mouth to function, but I managed to get my mind to speak and the voices responded. 
Little by little I was able to separate the voices until I came across one that I recognized. It was Megan’s.  She was chanting an incantation to summon the spirits to her to help locate Peter and me.  I was new at all of this, but I assumed that the many voices other than Megan’s belonged to the spirits who were pitching in to put us together.  
With Megan singled out, I focused on sending her a mental message about what was happening.  She was taken aback at first, but quickly regained herself and began asking questions about my captors.  When she learned that it was her old nemesis, Bernice, she went wild with rage.  Bernice was supposed to be locked away in a mental institution.  She assumed the woman had used magic to get someone to sign her release papers. Megan vowed that Bernice would go back into lockup and her magic stripped from her just as soon as this mess was cleared up.
She chastised herself for not thinking about Bernice in the first place.  All of the signs spoke her name, Megan just didn’t think of her because she thought the old witch was locked away, safe and sound.  Fortunately, she knew exactly where Bernice was holding me.  She told me to sit tight and then was gone.
I chuckled at the suggestion that I ‘sit tight’ since that’s all I could do with such tight bindings on my weakened body.  I wanted to listen to what was happening in the room around me, but the voices in my head returned full force.  After unsuccessfully struggling to be free of them, I gave up and just let them babble on.  I understand a few things that were being said to me, but, for the most part, it was undefinable rambling. 
THIRTY
I grew weary of the rambling voices and began to allow my body to float away as a means of escape from them. I was reveling in the sensation of floating in air when I felt someone yank me back to reality.  My arms and legs were free from their bindings and the circulation was being roughly rubbed back into them.
“Vickie, can you hear me?” managed to reach my mind. I recognized the male voice, but just couldn’t place it. “Vickie, answer me. Wake up, sweetheart. Can you hear me?  Wake up?”   Who was that man speaking? I knew that I knew him, but I just couldn’t think his name. It was so frustrating to not be able to put a name to the 
voice, but I just couldn’t.
“She’s not responding!”
“She’s badly dehydrated.  Here, try to get this past her lips. It should help.”
I smiled with satisfaction when I was able to put Megan’s name to the second voice.
“She’s smiling,” said the man whose 
name I still couldn’t summon from the recesses of my brain.
“Good.  Get that down her and then come help me.  We need to catch that crazy witch before she gets too far.”
“What about Peter?” said the male.
“He’s unbound.  Hopefully no zombies will circle back while we’re after their leader,” Megan said.
“Maybe Angela or Evan should load him in the van before we go,” the male said.
“Damn, that old fool witch has me so upset that I’m not even thinking straight,” Megan complained. “Of course.  Load them both in the van. Damn my brain.”
 I could feel strong arms lifting me off the ground like I weighed no more than a flour sack.  My eyes still wouldn’t function, but my nose took in his sweet musky smell. It was so nice to have that offensive odor out of my nose that I burrowed it deep into his neck and inhaled.  His head leaned against mine in a display of affection as he carried me out into the fresh air and set me in the back of what I guessed was the van.  
The feeling was beginning to return to my arms and legs and my mouth felt much better as he gave me another sip of a sweet tasting liquid. I listened as someone else laid Peter’s limp body next to me.
As the van began to move, I reached over to reassure myself that Peter was beside me. As my hand gently took in his handsome facial features, it struck me that the male voice that belonged to my savior was Max.  Once again, Max had come to the rescue. My heart welled with gratitude.
I could hear the muffled voices of Megan and Max and a few other people as the van moved along, but it was difficult to make out what they were saying even though my body was regaining its functions.  When I could finally see again, I propped myself on my elbow and looked around.  It was dark in the van, but I could see the barrier between us. I realized that we were in Evan’s converted travel van and Peter and I were in the section that was used to transport the zombies they’d taken down.
I shuddered at the thought of how 
many zombies were there before me and sat up.  I needed to have as little of me touch the floor as possible.
“There!” Megan shouted as she pointed out the window. “There’s the old hag!  She has a few of her zombie minions with her.  Let me out here.”
Evan stopped the van and Megan hopped out. I was amazed at the speed she displayed. It was far superior to that of a human.  Remembering the façade of the feeble old woman that she hid behind, I imagined it felt good to be free to utilize her speed like that.  
My jaw dropped as fireballs suddenly whizzed through the air. It was like a scene on the television show, ‘Charmed’. The difference was that this was real, and it was anything but 
entertaining.  
Max hopped out of the truck as a zombie rushed up.  He punched it hard enough in the stomach for it to double over. Then, he quickly pulled his gun and cracked the zombie’s skull with it.  It was amazing how calm he was while doing it.
As if on cue, what looked like a small army of zombies came at us from out of the dark. Eddie hopped out of the van and stood next to Max, while Evan and Angela took a stance a bit further away.  
I slapped at Peter’s face in an attempt to awaken him.  He was clearly weakened but they needed all the help they could get, including Peter’s and mine.  Something in my brain reminded me of how he’d perked right up after having my blood. I looked around for a way to pierce my flesh, but found nothing. Remembering the syringes in my pocket, I took one out and wiped at the needle as best I could to get any remnants of the GHB from it.  There really wouldn’t have been enough on it to harm me anyway, but I wanted to be as safe as possible.  I couldn’t afford making the mistake of knocking myself out with my own drug right in the middle of a crisis.
I took the needle and pierced a vein in my wrist before holding it to his lips.  Blood pooled in the crevice of his closed mouth until he finally opened it. I gasped when his eyes flew open and he unexpectedly grabbed my wrist in a vice grip and sucked at the blood that flowed freely.
Since I was already weak and dehydrated, I prayed he wouldn’t need much to regenerate.  When the world began to spin, I grew worried.
“Peter, don’t take too much,” I managed to say in a weak and breathy voice.
It was enough to bring him to his senses and stop him. He quickly healed my arm and then pulled me to him.
“I’m so sorry.  I didn’t realize what we were up against.  I thought it was just the zombies.  That witch making them is formidable.  Had I known she was free and behind this, I would have been more careful.”
I laid back and struggled for air.  “They were giving me some sweet tasting drink.  I could use a bit of it now.”
Peter looked at the zombies closing in outside and then at me. “Damn it,” he spat as he punched through the glass barrier to get to the jug with the drink I needed.  He held it to my lips and let me drink much more than Max had before pulling it away.  “I need to go 
out and help them now.  Will you be okay?”
I feebly leaned on one elbow. “I can help.”
“No, stay here.”
“I want to help,” I said before I fell 
onto my back again.
“The best way for you to be of help is to stay safe.  I can’t fight them if I’m worried about you. Please, my love, promise to stay put,” he said as he kissed me sweetly and cupped my face in his hands. “I couldn’t go on if something happened to you.”
“Ha.  All that would happen is that I’d become like you,” I said with weak arrogance.
He raised a brow.  “If only that were true. They could pull your head off like we do to them and then what?”
I scowled.  “I didn’t think of that.”
“Stay put,” he barked as he hopped out of the van.
The fighting was intense and very loud.  I managed to get a good enough view to see that Max and Eddie were holding their own, although the vampires were dealing with the majority.
When the back door of the van opened, I expected it to be Peter or Max.  Instead, it was a very large zombie.  He pulled me by my ankles onto the ground.  My scream of surprise and rage echoed in my head, although no one around me seemed to respond so I question if it made it 
to my lips.
The zombie picked me up and tossed me to the ground once more.  I guessed him to be a newly made zombie since it was clear that his mobility faculties weren’t acute.  My body was weak as I tried to crawl away from him, but he grabbed my ankle and pulled me back. My nails dug into the dirt as I struggled to keep him from accomplishing what he set out to do; kill me.
My brain finally kicked into gear and I remembered the syringes in my pocket.  I reached in and pulled one out. At the same time, he jerked me so hard that it fell from my hand.  I reached into my pocket for the second one, but it was gone. I remembered that I’d used it to pierce my vein for Peter and cursed.
The zombie lifted me high over his head.  I could see the tree stump below me and knew that he intended to smash my body against.  I didn’t know what to do, other than let my body go limp.  It threw his grip off enough for me to twist out of it and fall to the ground. My ankle scraped the trunk, but, otherwise I was fine.
I scrambled on hands and knees to retrieve the syringe I’d dropped and twirled around to slam it in him as he rushed at me.  He went down with a crash.
The night was silent as I sat as if in a stupor and stared at the corpse before me.  He couldn’t have been more than thirty-five. I wondered what killed him and led him to become a zombie. Was he a perfectly healthy male that crazy Bernice targeted or was he sick and dying when she came upon him?
I could feel arms lifting me from the ground.  I prepared myself to nuzzle, once more, into Max’s familiar and comforting musky neck.  Instead, I found myself nuzzling Peter’s equally delicious smelling flesh.  He carried me back to the van and sat me in the seat behind the driver.
“We have a ton of zombies to dispose of, 
my love.  First, we’re going to take you home and, then, we’ll come back.  Max and Eddie are staying behind with Angela to get a head start.”
“Are you going to pull them apart like the others?” I asked timidly.
“There are almost thirty of them,” Peter said.  “It’s a lot to dispose of.”
I laid back against the seat, closed my eyes and let darkness take over.  When I opened them again, I was tucked in my bed with an I.V. of saline solution in my arm.  Megan was sitting next to me with a broad 
grin on her face.
“Imagine that,” she mused. “You’re telepathic. Is there no end to your surprises?”
“Did you take care of that horrible witch?” I asked as I licked my dry lips.
She gave me a drink of cool water.  “She’ll not be making any more zombies.”
“Zombies,” I groaned.  “My furnace will be as busy as if it was at Auschwitz.”
“Only this once,” Peter said as he entered the room and sat on the bed next to me.  
“So, the zombies are no more?”
“We’ve taken care of the zombie maker, so we’ll be able to track down whoever wasn’t with her tonight and deal with them. It won’t be en-mass though and some will be taken to the undertaker.  We’ll only bring the advanced ones here.”
I sighed.  “That’s a relief.  I know they’re worldwide, but as long as they’re out of our town, I’ll be happy.”
“You saved us, you know,” Peter said.
“How?”
“By  communicating  with  Megan.  
That’s some talent.”
“I didn’t know I could do it,” I said as he took my hand and kissed it.  “but if it gets me kisses, I’ll do it again.”
Megan giggled and politely exited the room.
My eyes twinkled as I asked, “If telepathic communication gets me kisses, what do I have to do for sex?” 
I feasted my eyes on his beautiful face as he tossed his head back in laughter.   I soon joined him.  We laughed at my joke, but more so, we laughed to release the tension and fear that we’d each experienced for reasons of our own.  We laughed for letting go of the past and for the coming of a new day.  We laughed for our love for each other.
It felt good and right.   Ϟ ϟ
A SNEAK PEEK AT BOOK 2
Vickie: Doctor by day.  Werewolf Hunter by night


One


The warmth of the morning sun caressing my face, arms, and legs while it competed with the cool morning breeze for dominance felt absolutely marvelous on my skin and soothing to my tense muscles.  I’d been up all night studying both ancient and modern texts to help me to understand and possibly find a cure for zombism. 
After multiple lengthy conversations with my lover and fellow doctor, Peter, and my very good friend, Megan, - who was a wickedly knowledgeable witch and zombie hunter - I’d concluded that, like vampirism, zombism was caused by a virus.  My belief was reinforced by the fact that Peter had secretly given me an inoculation to prevent zombism – in a very sly and naughty way, I might add - before he felt comfortable and confident enough to share the facts about 
the world I was living in with me.
The inoculation consisted of a low dose of the vampire virus.  It wasn’t enough to turn me into a vampire – unless I died – but it was enough to provide my body with the immunity that vampires had to zombism.  
After serious and intense contemplation, Peter and I decided that, if a virus could be cured, then the zombie – or even the vampire virus, for that matter- had a cure out there somewhere.  We just had to find it.
Peter and I were alike in many ways.  We could be like a dog with a fresh and meaty bone once we sank our teeth into an idea.   Where we differed was with our opinion of which virus took priority.
Peter was determined to return to Africa and find a cure for vampirism, while I felt that zombism was a far more important virus to attack first. I believed in it so much so that I’d spent the entire night pouring through websites about Haitian Voodoo and zombie-creating technologies and doing my best to filter out the “ridiculous and bazaar” from the “makes sense” information.
Since I had patients that morning, I 
decided to refresh myself with a little morning glory and then go to bed early that night to compensate for the first all-nighter that I’d pulled since college.
I could hear Peter’s slippered feet padding out onto the back patio long before he said in a soft and sexy tone, “You never came to bed last night.”
“Time got away from me,” I said while I continued to revel in Mother Nature’s nurturing.
He grabbed a camp chair that was leaning against the side of the house and set it up next to me.  “Did you come up with anything good?”
“Nothing concrete, but I feel like I might be heading in the right direction.”
“I wish you’d reconsider your focus,” he sighed.
“If you’d stay here and help me, then we could both go to Africa and tackle vampirism.  We’d have the zombie cure with us as well,” I pleaded.  “We’d be able to tackle both, then.”
“The core of the vampire virus lies in Africa.  I need to get back there and get started.  I’m sick over the fact that it never entered my head to look for a cure until you brought it up. I can’t even begin to understand why I was such a bubble brain and I can’t forgive myself,” he insisted in a soft and sexy tone that always gave me chills.  I probably would have initiated some lovemaking as a result of those chills if the topic hadn’t been such a serious one.
“Vampires are worldwide, are they not?” I asked.  “For heaven sakes, there are three of you in this very house.  I don’t see why you need to go to Africa.”
He leaned forward and took my hand.  I kept my eyes closed to hide the tears of frustration that were building up in them.  I hated the thought of being separated from him for so long.  The research could take years on both of our ends. 
“I’m convinced that Africa is where vampirism originated.  I need to get to the heart of the disease and stop it.  Besides, I left some people back there to run my non-profit who are at risk of being infected; if they aren’t already.”  He stroked my cheek with the back of his hand. “Come with me, my love.  We’ll do our research there, together.”
“What happens when we get back in a year?  Two years?  Five years?  I’d be abandoning my practice and my responsibilities.  I still have outstanding loans,” I whined.
He sat back and heaved a sigh. “Why can’t I be like the vampires in the romance novels?  They’re all stinking rich.  Then I’d pay off those damned loans and you wouldn’t have to worry about working unless you wanted to.”
“I’m surprised that you don’t still have a few loans hanging over your head.  Doctors Without Borders certainly didn’t pay enough to cover them and I can’t imagine your non-profit gives much better,” I mused and then gasped at my boldness in speaking something that I’d been thinking for months.
“My non-profit pays me less,” he smirked.  Then, with hesitancy, he added, “My family has money.  They paid for my education.” He chuckled wryly.  “Of course, they didn’t expect me to become a non-profit physician.  I was intended to become an oncologist and get rich off 
people’s cancer.”
“How pissed were they?”
“You mean, are they,” he corrected me.  “They’re still not speaking to me and have cut me off financially as a means of proving a point,” he said with a sad tone. “Of course, now that I’m afflicted with vampirism, I’ve stopped making overtures for their forgiveness.  I wouldn’t dare go to visit them.  My father would recognize something different about me within minutes.”
“I didn’t,” I said, “but, then, I hadn’t seen you in years and, when we did meet all those years ago, it was only briefly.”
“My father works in government.  He’s suspicious of everyone and anyone.  He’d scrutinize me from head to toe simply because I was out of the country doing – to quote him - “God knows what with God knows who”. 
“I’m sorry,” I said as I sat up and raised my face to the sun.
“You’re really enjoying the morning’s glory, aren’t you?”
“I’m hoping to soak up enough sun to energize myself through the day.  I plan on hitting the bed early tonight.”
“Ha… not as resilient these days, eh doc?” he laughed.
I slapped his shoulder as I stood up and stretched in a cat-like manner.   “Do you want some breakfast?” I asked, after kissing him on the forehead and heading into the house.
“I do if it’s you,” he said, flirtatiously, as 
I dramatically swung my hips and giggled my way up the porch steps.
I didn’t expect to see his luggage resting, neatly, by the front door.  The shock of it made me stop in my tracks.  My heart throttled the back of my eyeballs as I turned to look at him.   He was leaning forward in his chair with his elbows resting on his knees and his eyes focused on his feet.
“There’s a cab on its way,” he said in a soft, dejected tone.
“You’re leaving already?” I gasped.
He lept up from the chair and walked steadily toward me. “I’ve never been good at long good-byes.  Besides, the sooner I leave, the sooner I’ll be back.”
“You let me stay up all night knowing 
that you were leaving this morning,” I said, incredulously.
“I didn’t realize that you’d do that.  I was waiting for you to come to bed and I fell asleep.  Stress does that to me,” he explained as he stood up and walked toward me.
“Damnit!  If you’re stressed, then why are you going?” I wailed as I flung myself into his arms and slapped his shoulders with the flat of my hands.  I wanted to beat some sense into him.
“I don’t want to go, but I must.  I can’t explain it.  I have people there who are dear to me.  I left them thinking that being away from them was for the best because I’d been infected, and I was afraid my being there would lure more to them.  I feel a panic inside of me that my actions might have been the wrong thing to do.  I should have stayed and protected them.  I should have stayed and found a cure.”
“Then, we’d never have connected,” I said.
“Yes,” he said as he kissed the side of my head.  “I can’t imagine life without you in it, my love.  You are my heartbeat, my breath, my very essence.”
“Then, stay,” I pouted against his throat.
“Please don’t make me feel any worse than I already do.  If you know nothing about me by now, you must know that it’s not in me to ignore the underdog.  I was with Doctors Without Borders until I started my own foundation.  I can’t not go.  You have to see that.”
“I do, and I hate it,” I said as he kissed me hard.
I knew that my boarders, Angela and Evan, were home and could come downstairs at any moment, but I didn’t care. The love of my life was waiting for a cab to take him across the ocean for an indefinite period of time and I’d wasted my last night with him researching zombies.
The risk of getting caught in the throes of lovemaking might not have bothered me, but it did him.  He carried me up the stairs to the privacy of my bedroom and set me down on the unmade bed.  Our hands worked frantically to disrobe each other.  We 
needed to feel flesh against flesh. 
His lips felt feverish with desire as they roamed my body, they stopped at my breasts and he suckled them possessively while his hands reached down to caress and explore my womanhood.  He teased me with his hot lips and his well-manicured fingers until I was beyond myself with desire before nestling his head in the apex of my thighs. The pleasure he expertly gave me took my mind off the fact that we’d soon be parted for a brief while. 
When he finally entered me, he took me in a way that said so much more than words ever could. 
Peter Thomason loved me, but he couldn’t live with himself if he didn’t return to the people he’d left behind to run his non-profit health organization in Africa and do what he could to save them from vampirism.  
Admittedly, if I was in his position, I’d leave too. Even so, that didn’t mean that I was happy about it.
As he lay next to my satiated nakedness and lightly stroked my flesh with the tip of his long, slender fingers, he professed his love over and over again. “I’ll be back soon, my love.  Don’t give up on me.”
“How backwards is this place that you’re going to? Do you have internet?”  I asked; thinking that we could at least talk over the web.
“I can access it in a nearby town,” he 
smiled. “Great minds think alike.  I was just 
going to suggest that we talk once a week.”
“Only once a week?” I said with surprise.
“Things are different there, my love.”
“I suppose,” I sighed.  Then, with a smirk, I leaned on one elbow so that my abundant breast fell onto his shoulder.  He rolled onto his side and, playfully, took my nipple into his mouth as I spoke. “Let’s make a contest of it.  Winner gets to control when and how we have sex for a month.”
He chuckled while he continued to suckle.  “I’m listening.”
“Your cure for vampirism against my cure for zombism,” I said as I pulled my nipple from his mouth and inserted the other one in its place.
“It seems to me like you already think you’ve won,” he said with a grin as he took his hands and cradled the breast I’d just presented to him before suckling it.
“Is it a bet?” I asked, breathlessly, as I rapidly lost focus on anything but my need to have him again.
“Deal,” he said with a deep throated voice as he tossed me on my back and took me with a gentle fervor that we both knew would have to last us for a very, very long time.
“You know,” I said in a sultry voice as we lay, satiated, in each other’s arms.  I lightly stroked his body and heaved a heavy sigh. “I never even thought of sex before I got with you.  Now, it’s all I think about.  What am I supposed to do when your gone?”
“You didn’t think of sex because you were an innocent virgin who hadn’t experienced and didn’t understand the ecstasy and pleasures of it,” he said with a smile as he slipped from my embrace and got out of bed.  “When we talk on the net, I’ll teach you things to do to hold you over until my return.”
I was still tingling from our lovemaking when the cab pulled up the drive and honked its horn.  I could barely see him slipping back into his clothes through the tears that I shamelessly let pour forth.  He kissed me long and hard, stood for a moment and looked at me as if he just might change his mind, and then rushed down the stairs to where his luggage awaited.
I silently sobbed while I listened to the trunk and doors of the cab slam shut before it carried the love of my life away from me.
Two


Although I was tempted to cancel all of my patients for the day and lay in bed with my head buried beneath the covers, I knew better.  Hadn’t I just used my business and bills as an excuse not to follow him to Africa?  I needed to be the responsible adult and tend to the life I’d just sacrificed the man I loved for.
I’d had breakfast and was opening my office for the day when I realized that Peter and I hadn’t worked out a plan to talk once a week like we’d discussed.  My heart sank.  Our separation was off to a horrendous start.
My first patient had entered the waiting room at the same time that Angela popped her head through the door that connected to the kitchen in the main house. “I don’t want to disturb you, but I need Peter.  Do you know where he went?”
“Africa,” I sighed.
“Pardon?”
“He left for Africa this morning,” I sniffed. “I can’t discuss it right now, Angela.  I have a patient and I’ve only just gotten my eyes back to normal.”
“They’re still a bit puffy,” she mused.  
“Did you put ice on them?”
“No time now,” I scowled.  “I’ll blame allergies.”
“He never was good at long good-byes,” she said as she heaved a sigh of disappointment and closed the door behind her.
My first patient was an eighty-three-year-old woman named Jasmine Woods.  She was as cantankerous as she was wise.  By the time the exam of her arthritic knees and shoulder was over, she’d managed to write down a list of cures for my “allergies” and scolded me for trying to work when my body clearly wanted rest.  The relief I felt as I watched her shuffle out of my office and get into the cab was immense. 
Grateful for the fact that my patient load for the day was a relatively short one, I dove into caring for the rest with diligence and sincerity as they straggled into my office.  I saw no reason for the care I gave them to suffer simply because something in the private area of my life wasn’t to my liking.
I saw my last patient at three in the afternoon and eagerly closed my office.  Not only was I exhausted from the stress of Peter’s leaving, but my body felt the absence of sleep with an intensity that surprised me.  I’d eaten very little and my stomach would have appreciated a decent meal, but, as I closed the door to my office behind me and entered the main house, all of my strength fled.  I had barely enough left in me to climb the stairs and fall onto my still unmade bed.
I shed my clothes and wrapped my naked body in the bedding that still smelled of Peter and let sleep take me away.
The sound of Angela’s light tapping on my bedroom door woke me.  The pale illumination from the starry sky through my bedroom window told me that it was sometime in the middle of the night.  I brought my eyes into focus enough to read the florescent numbers on the clock by my bed.  It was three in the morning.
“I’ll be right there,” I managed to croak past my parched and unused lips.  
From the dryness of my mouth and the damp spot on my pillow, I deduced that I’d not only slept with my mouth wide open – and probably snored, as I tended to do when I was overtired – but I’d drooled what little saliva my air-dried glands managed to secrete.  I closed my mouth and did my best to rejuvenate the moisture it craved.
“Vickie,” Angela said in a low tone. “I’m sorry to wake you, but the sheriff is downstairs with an injured man. He says it’s an emergency.”  After a brief moment of silence, she added, “He’s bleeding pretty heavily.  There’s too much blood for me to sit with them.  I never developed that ability, like Peter did.”
I grabbed my robe to cover my nakedness and quickly tied it shut as I slid my feet into a pair of slippers and raced to the door.  Angela was just walking away when I stepped out into the hall. 
“What?  Max brought a man to me who is bleeding that badly?   Why bring him here, instead of the emergency room?”  I mused, more to myself than to Angela.
“I didn’t stick around to find out,” she said, apologetically.  “There was a scent about the blood that forced my fangs down without my being able to stop it.  Not only didn’t I want to expose my vampirism to the injured man, I was afraid that, if I couldn’t control the dropping of my fangs, then what if I couldn’t control resisting the blood?   I left them in the kitchen.”
I took her hand in mine and said, “You did the right thing.”
“I’m going back to my room,” she said with a wrinkled nose.  “I can still smell the blood.” As she walked away, she shook her head in confusion. “I’ve never had this happen before.  Of course, I don’t get around intense bleeding like Peter does.  Even so, I’ve never had my fangs just take on a life of their own before.   I don’t like it.  I don’t like it one bit.”
The idea of getting dressed before I went downstairs to tend to Max flashed through my mind, but was quickly replaced by the urgency in Angela’s description of Max’s condition.  I held the handrail of the broad staircase as I scooted downstairs as fast as my slippered feet could carry me.
I found Max sitting at my kitchen table 
with a towel pressed against the jagged, torn flesh of a strange man’s shoulder.  Without checking it closely, it looked to be some type of animal bite.  Although severe in appearance, I felt relief that it wasn’t a zombie that bit him.
“I’m sorry to force you out of bed like this,” the man managed to say between labored breaths.  “I couldn’t take this to the hospital.”
I tossed Max a curious look.  “Help me get him into my examination room.” 
Max bent over, put the man’s good arm around his neck and then pulled him to his feet. “I get the feeling he won’t be conscious much longer.”
From the amount of blood on the kitchen towel that Angela gave them and the pool that had formed at his feet, I had to agree with Max.  
“You really should be in the hospital,” I said to the stranger. “You’re going to need blood.” 
I hurried ahead of them to open the door that separated my kitchen from the medical office and stood back while they staggered through the entrance. 
“For one, the hospital is too far.  I’d never make it,” the man managed between labored breathing.  “For another, this type of bite isn’t something I want to report.  Not 
yet, anyway.” 
“I was worried that it was a zombie bite,” I whispered to Max as I struggled to think of what type of animal could have inflicted such a vicious wound.  Then, in a louder voice, I asked the man, “What got you?  A bear?  No, not a bear.  You’d be a bigger mess than you are if a bear got a hold of you.  A mountain lion, maybe?  They have them here, don’t they?” 
“It was a werewolf,” he confessed, although timidly.
I stopped in my tracks and stared up at Max’s face while I searched for signs that the man was teasing me.  There were none.  He couldn’t have been wearing a more serious look.  
“The sheriff said that you’d believe me,” he added with a painful groan.
A myriad of thoughts flew through my mind as I forced my body back into motion as I helped Max position the man onto the table so that he was comfortable and that I could easily work on the wound.
 We’d no sooner straightened his body out than he fell unconscious.  This gave me a better opportunity to grill Max about what happened without having to 
monitor my words.
“Am I to believe that we now have werewolves in our midst?” I snapped as I cut the sleeve of his shirt off his arm so that I could better see the wound. 
“I kept it from you as long as I could, but when Elijah got tangled up with one, I had no choice.  If we take this to the hospital it would hit the news and then the place would be crawling with reporters.
“Which is why we kept the zombie 
problem quiet,” I mused.
“The fewer people who know about this, the better,” Max said with a nod.  “Werewolves tend to attract other kinds of shifters.  I’m making it my mission to get rid of them before that happens and the place is crawling with shifters of all types.”
“Are they that bad?” I asked as I peered at Elijah’s wound.  It was angry and looked as if it was already getting infected.  Considering the amount of blood that flowed from it, that surprised me.  
“I think they’re worse than the zombies,” Max said with a nod.
“Impossible,” I gasped; more to express my disbelief that we’d be faced with such a dilemma than that I didn’t agree with 
Max.
“You’d better warn Peter,” he said in a flat tone. – It was no secret that he was jealous of the fact that Peter and I were a couple - “Wolves hate vamps. They’re mortal enemies.  Although, I have no clue as to why.”
“Peter’s gone,” I sighed as I did my best to clean out the infection.
“Gone?” Max said with surprise.  “Gone, where?”
“He left for Africa yesterday morning. He’s gone back to check on his non-profit and to search for a cure for vampirism.”
“I didn’t realize that he didn’t like being a vampire,” Max said with a thoughtful scowl.
His comment made me pause.  Peter and I had never really discussed whether he did or didn’t like being a vampire. In fact, the only time the topic of curing vampirism came up was when I’d thought of it.  Then, and only then, did he sink his teeth into the idea.  Was the cure for him?  Or did he know of others who suffered because they were unhappy as vampires?  I just didn’t know.
“I don’t know if he is or isn’t,” I admitted.  “It never came up.”
“Then, why is he searching for a cure?” Max boldly asked.
“I mentioned that I believed that there must be a cure for zombism, since it was a virus and the conversation slid to the fact that vampirism is also a virus so, therefore, there must also be a cure for it and things just progressed from there,” I said with a sad tone.
Max looked at me long and hard.  “Why didn’t you go with him?”
I shrugged while I forced back the remaining tears that I’d yet to cry out.  “He’s one of the smartest men I know.   He shouldn’t be gone too long.   I have a practice and responsibilities.  I plan on doing my research from here.”
“Won’t you need a zombie or two for the research?”  he asked.
I looked at him, dumbfounded. “I imagine so.”
“Hmm.  That’s a problem, since we chased them out and I don’t intend to let them 
back in again.”
My mind whirled as I continued to tend to Elijah’s wound.  After making sure that it was completely cleaned out I applied a liberal amount of antiseptic solution to the 
wound and bandaged it.
Since he couldn’t remember when he’d had his last tetanus shot, I gave Elijah a booster, as well as an injection of penicillin and a prescription for it to take for the next 
five days.
Three


Elijah was lucid enough by the time I’d finished tending his wound and was cleaning up to hold an intelligent conversation with me.
“It was bad, wasn’t it, doc?” he said in a soft tone.
“How did it happen?” I asked.
“I’ve got a farm about ten miles from here.  I heard the animals going crazy, so I went out to check on them.  This… thing… came at me from out of nowhere.”
“Thing?” I said with confusion.
“It was like a wolf, but it stood on its hind legs like a man and had long arms and huge hands with claws.  It was half-man, half-wolf… a werewolf.”
“We had them back when I was a kid, but they were chased out.  It looks like they’re back,” Max said with a shake of his head.  “I was making my rounds when I found Elijah stumbling down the road all bloody and such.  I debated about bringing him here, but I couldn’t think of anyone else who I could trust with such a secret.”
Just then, Angela popped her head into the room and said, “I don’t mean to interrupt.  I have excellent hearing, as you know, and I couldn’t help popping in to make sure that we’re all on the same page.  You do realize that he’s going to become a werewolf, don’t you?”
Elijah’s eyes went wide. “No!”
“The werewolves were driven out when I was young.  I have limited knowledge of them,” Max said, thoughtfully.
“That’s what happens in the movies,” I said, “but that doesn’t mean it happens in real life.  I’ve learned that much.”
“Sadly, Hollywood got this one right,” she said.  “Depending upon the type of werewolf that bit him, if he doesn’t turn by the next full moon, he’ll turn on the moon after that.”
“It’s not a full moon, is it?” I asked as I ran to the window and peered through the blinds.  To my surprise, and dismay, the moon hung like a spotlight amidst the glittering stars.  “I can’t believe it.”
“Yesterday was a bit of a blur for you,” Angela said, sympathetically.
My eyes darted to Elijah as I gave a silent plea for her to keep the topic away from vampires and zombies.  I had no idea how much this man knew, even if he was sitting on my examination table with a shoulder wound from a werewolf bite.
“We have at least one full month before that happens though, right?” Max asked, eagerly.  When Angela closed her eyes and nodded, he turned to me and whispered, “Maybe you should change the focus of your 
research, doc.”
“Even if I did, I don’t know if I could possibly find a cure within a month,” I breathed.
“I’ve got a feeling that Elijah won’t be the only one coming for treatment before this is through,” Max said with urgency.
I thought aloud. “I still have an immunity to zombism in my system.  I have no such thing for werewolfism.” 
“What makes you immune to zombism?” Max asked with wrinkled brow.
“A low dose of vampirism,” I confessed.  
“What happens if you die with that in 
your system?” he asked with concern and a raised voice.
“I’d become one, I guess,” I said with hesitation.
“Not cool, Vickie,” he growled. 
“It kept me safe from being infected when they captured me, and I don’t plan on dying anytime soon.”
“No one plans on dying,” Max 
grumbled.  “How long will this stay in your system?”
“It should be just about out by now,” 
Angela interjected. “It’s usually about a year.”
Max’s face turned a purplish red as he complained, “As if I don’t have enough shit to worry about.”
“Easy there, sheriff,” Angela said with a knowing grin. “She’s lived through the year and I’m guessing that the vampire virus is out of her system by now.  We can test it if you like, but I believe she’s safe.”
“I want her tested,” Max demanded.
“What about what I want?” I asked with a raised brow.
“Who’s a vampire?” Elijah asked with confusion.  “There’s vampires too?”
“It’s just a figure of speech for some 
private business,” Max assured him.  “No need for concern.”  He looked at me and then at Angela.  “I’m going to take Elijah home, but this conversation isn’t over.”
“Yes sir,” Angela giggled.
I pursed my lips together and said nothing as I watched Max guide Elijah out of my office and into his sheriff ‘s car. 
“He’s got a major hard-on for you,” Angela sighed as she stood next to me as we watched the sheriff ‘s car drive off into the pre-dawn night.  “Want some coffee?”
I looked at my watch.  “I might as well.  It’s going to be time to get up soon.”
“It’s Saturday.  I didn’t think you worked on Saturdays.”
“It’s Saturday?” I exclaimed.  “When did that happen?” I asked as I followed her into the kitchen and watched her fill the coffee filter with coffee.
Angela said nothing as she putted around the kitchen in preparation for us to enjoy a mug of morning coffee and a toasted English muffin.
“Peter’s leaving really affected you, I 
think,” she finally said as she slid my mug in 
front of me; followed by a hot English muffin.
“I guess it did,” I said as I slathered an unhealthy amount of butter onto my muffin.  “He asked me to go with him, but I was worried about my practice.”  I set my knife down and looked at her. “I mean, maybe if I wasn’t drowning in school loans I’d have considered it, but what would I do about paying them back? We wouldn’t stay in Africa forever.  What would I come back to?  I’m just getting my practice to where it looks promising and I’ve only now started to see a nice dent in the loans.” 
Angela stared at me with disbelief until she finally said, “He asked you to go to Africa with him?”  When I nodded, she added, “He’s either crazy or he knew that you wouldn’t go.”
I swallowed an unchewed chunk of muffin.  When it threatened to stick in my throat, I quickly washed it down with hot coffee. 
“What do you mean?” I finally managed to say.
She looked at me as if she was debating about what to say.  Then, with a sigh, she asked, “Did Peter tell you that he has a wife and two children in Africa?”
The world buzzed around me as my peripheral vision slowly shrunk until Angela was encased in small round frames.  Seeing that I was about to faint, she reached across the table and slapped me back into my senses.
“Sorry,” she said as I rubbed my reddened cheek.  “If I’d had smelling salts, I would have used them.” She shook her head and took a long drink of the dark aromatic liquid in her mug.  “So, Peter didn’t share that with you.  I wonder if he thought I had and just kept it as a taboo topic?”
“How old are his children?” I stammered.
“Simon is ten and Dannell is eight,” she said.
“Boys,” I mused.
“Boys to which he’s very attached to,” Angela said with a scowl. “I can’t imagine how he planned on keeping them a secret if you returned to Africa with him.  Did he suddenly turn Muslim and think that he’d keep a few wives? I was surprised that he stayed away from them as long as he did to begin with.  The sex with you must be fantastic,” she smirked.  When I didn’t smile, she said, “I figured that you two were having a fabulous lover’s romp that you both knew would eventually end.  It had to end. Can’t you see?”
Tears flowed freely down my cheeks. “He said that he loved me.  He said that I was his life.”
“I imagine that he does and that you are.  I never saw him so attached to a woman before.  I’ll admit that.  But, he has a family back in Africa.  He should have told you that.”
“Yes,” I said as I wiped at the flood on my face with the palms of my hands.  “Yes, he should have.”
“When he first hooked up with you, I pulled him aside and warned him that he needed to tell you. Not all women are into love affairs on the side with a married man.  I didn’t know you well enough to know if you’d be okay with it.  He promised me that he’d tell you.  So, when you two became the happy couple, I figured that he’d confessed all and that you were cool with it.”
“I had no idea,” I sniffed as I rose to get a refill on my coffee. 
Seeing that my legs were threatening to fail me, she grabbed my mug and filled it for me. “Why don’t you head back to bed and stay there as long as you need while you process this news.  I’m guessing the sheriff will be returning to finish his conversation.  Evan and I can handle him.”
“That’s right. Evan’s in the house, isn’t he?” I said with a weak smile.  “Sometimes I forget.”
“He does keep himself scarce,” she chuckled.
“He’s a writer.  They’re solitary people,” I offered.
“Vickie, are you okay?” she asked with concern.  “You do remember that the writer thing is just his cover for the vampire army job.  Just like the traveling social 
worker is mine. Right?”
I looked at her as if I was just seeing her and said in a light, distracted voice, “Yes.  Yes.  A cover.”
She stood up and walked around the table to where I sat.  Putting one hand under my elbow, she nudged me to my feet. “That’s it.  Time for you to go snuggle back into your bed.”
I allowed her to lead me back into my bedroom and remove my robe.  I made no move to cover my nakedness. Her compliment about my breasts being so big and beautiful and my waist so small that my figure could rival Dolly Parton sounded more like a female admiring another female in the same way she’d admire a hairdo or an outfit than as coming from a place of lust, so I paid it no mind as she helped me back into my bed and pulled the covers over me until they were tucked neatly beneath my chin. 




Book 2:  Vickie: Doctor by day.  Werewolf Hunter by night is available from your favorite bookseller. 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 Eileen Sheehan primarily writes hot, steamy romances (mostly New Adult) with a sexy male and strong female. A few are steamier than others (see their description). The majority of her novels are paranormal, but some are novels about normal people in love (contemporary or historical with the author name of Ailene Frances). ALL of her stories have a bit of naughtiness, some excitement, a few thrills, and maybe a touch of mystery mixed in with sometimes hot, sometimes sweet loving'. She strives to write a novel length that will allow the busy woman to be able to sit down in an evening or two and be taken on a romantic journey without having a week go by before she gets to the end of the story.  Most of her novels take the average reader five to six hours to read.

An incurable romantic, she has a love affair with at least one of her characters... one book at a time. She hopes the same thing happens to you.

******

Eileen Sheehan started out as a freelance writer for periodical magazines and newspapers. From there, she tried her hand at writing screenplays. Her screenplay, "When East Meets West" was a finalist in the 2001 Independent International Film and Video Festival at Madison Square Gardens, NYC. Finally finding her niche, she lets her imagination loose with new adult/paranormal romance/thrillers (some are steamy and some are tame) with the author name of Eileen Sheehan. She creates steamy historical and contemporary romances with the author name of Ailene Frances. Seeing how far out of the box she could stretch, she crafted an alternative romance with the author name of E. F. Sheehan and has a few self-help books under her work name of Lena Sheehan. 
BOOKS BY EILEEN SHEEHAN

[GENRE: PARANORMAL ROMANCE/THRILLERS]
THE VAMPIRE, THE HANDLER, AND ME
FOR LOVE OF A VAMPIRE
THE PRINCESS AND THE VAMPIRE KING
A VAMPIRE’S LOVE
EMERGENCE
DRAGON LOVE
DREAM LOVE

Vampire Witch Trilogy
VAMPIRE WITCH (Book 1)
VAMPIRE QUEEN (Book 2)
KINGS & QUEENS (Book 3)

Shadow Love Duo
SHADOW LOVE BOOK ONE
SHADOW LOVE BOOK TWO

Dark Escape Duo
DARK ESCAPE (Book 1)
THE SEARCH FOR THE CRYSTAL KEY (Book 2)

a Wolf Affair Trilogy
A WOLF AFFAIR (Book 1)
WOLF MOUNTAIN (Book 2)
MISSY’S CHOICE (Book 3)

 [GENRE: ROMANTIC HORROR/THRILERS]

Tugurlan Chronicles 
VAMPIRE INIQUITY (Book 1)
THE CURE (Book 2)
VAMPIRES AND WEREWOLVES (Book 3)

GHOST LOVE
SISTERS

Vickie Series
Vickie: Doctor by day.   Zombie Hunter by night (Book 1)
Vickie: Doctor by day.  Werewolf Hunter by night (Book 2)
Vickie: Doctor by day.  Ghost Whisperer by night (Book 3)
Vickie: Doctor by day.  Vampire Medic by night. (Book 4)

Kendra’s Journey
WHERE ZOMBIES WALK (Book 1)
THE REGIME (Book 2)

****

BOOKS BY AILENE FRANCES
[GENRE: ROMANCE]

LOVE MISUNDERSTOOD
(Historical Georgian Era Romance)
PAPER WIDOW
(Historical Western Romance)
LOVE AT WOLF CREEK
(Historical Western Romance)
FOR LOVE OR MONEY
(Contemporary Mid-Western Romance)

****

BOOKS BY E. F. SHEEHAN
[GENRE: ALTERNATIVE ROMANCE/DRAMA]
TOAST WITH JELLY
[A Tragedy of a Lesbian Confused]

****



BOOKS BY LENA SHEEHAN
[GENRE: SELF-HELP]
HUMAN, HELP THYSELF
(Natural Solutions for Stress of Body, Mind & Spirit)
BASIC HYPNOSIS
ALL ABOUT REIKI

Also by Eileen Sheehan:  Handbook:
INDIE PUBLISHING MADE EASY
Publishing Freedom for the Serious Author

