VIP
By: M. Robinson


This book is a work of fiction. References to real people, events, establishments, organizations, or locations are intended only to provide a sense of authenticity, and are used fictitiously. All other characters, dead or alive are a figment of my imagination and all incidents and dialogue, are drawn from the author’s mind's eye and are not to be interpreted as real.













Copyright © 2013 M. Robinson
Cover Design © Arijana Karčić, Cover It! Designs

Revised and Edited March 2014

All rights Reserved.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author.

Dedication

This book is dedicated to my one and only lobster; my husband! Ben, you are an inspiration to me, my best friend, and my soul mate. We have been through so much together in the last decade and I couldn’t imagine my life without you. You’re the first thing I think about when I wake up and the last thing before I go to sleep. Thank you for pushing my dreams and being my co-captain. You are the reason I wrote this book after pushing me to do it for over a year. I love you to pieces! XO

Acknowledgements

To my parents for always giving me the best example of hard work and determination, for always providing unconditional love and support. I would be nowhere without you.

To my sister who drives me insane, but I love her nonetheless. 

To my nieces who I love more than anything in this world, you are like daughters to me. 

To my fur babies, Trooper, Kobe, and Geo.

Jettie my forever PP (Perv Princess) for always listening and helping me through this process of my first novel. You continued to push me every day to finish it and I wouldn’t be here without you. And for making me laugh…a lot!

Kristen Clark Switzer for ALWAYS helping me with anything and everything! I appreciate you so much!! THANK YOU!!!

Summer for telling me that I was onto something with VIP and to keep going. 

Julie Kerr, Bluebonnet Editing Services for revising and editing this latest edition (2014) of VIP.

Rachael, you have been AMAZING with everything!!! Thank you so much.

Cover it Designs, for a perfect cover.

Pimpslapped for designing excerpts, teasers, & trailer. 

Island Lovelies Book Club, Dreams Come True Productions, & Loving the Book Launch Party for providing support and helping with promoting me and VIP.

To all the bloggers who have been nothing but supportive and excited for me, THANK YOU!

Last, but not least, I’d like to say a special enormous thank you to Heather Harton for coming through last minute and beta reading for me. I can’t thank you enough.

And of course to all the fans!!! You guys will always be my VIPS!!!

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Epilogue
Madam


The beginning - A point in time or space where something starts.


This isn’t a love story, but a story about love. I have answered several questions throughout the years; the one that I am asked often is; if it was all worth it? I always answer it the same way, if it is all you’ve ever known then you don’t know what to expect. In all honesty, in order to understand my happiness than you need to know my sadness. 


So here begins my story…my name is Ysabelle Telle.


	


The world is surrounded by countless distinctions. You can think of any word and there is an opposite meaning; happiness and sadness, pleasure and pain, joy and misery, companionship and loneliness, life and death, and love and hate. The list could go on and on. I have experienced every one of these emotions tenfold. 



So here begins my story…my name is Sebastian Vanwell.

Chapter 1

<>*<>Y<>*<>

Most children grow up wanting siblings, especially little girls. They want someone to share their secrets with, to have a best friend; to always have someone to talk to. Fuck that, not me. 
It was more than enough to have one person in this screwed up environment that I grew up in. I couldn’t imagine two of us going to bed hungry, I was barely able to fend for myself. That’s exactly what would have happened; me having to take care of another little person. Taking care of me came naturally. It was a fight or flight mentality, only the strongest survive, kill or be killed, that type of shit…my mom was a fucked up person, I had to survive. Period. 
My childhood memories are fuzzy, although clear, if that makes any sense at all. Like it or not, it was my life, and for whatever fucked up reason or purpose, it was my reality.
I didn’t live in the suburbs on Shooting Star Court. I lived off of Nebraska in Tampa, in the ghetto where men hung around outside with a quart and a blunt. Women screamed, and hit their kids as if it were nothing. Oh…the beauty of living in section eight housing. Seeing a five year old on the streets was a daily occurrence, throughout the day, but that didn’t make it any less scary. My mother never thought about what was in my best interest; fuck, she never thought about me at all. Nevertheless, to give her the benefit of the doubt my mother never thought at all. She was always too fucked up on drugs or booze. 
I’d like to think that walking the streets were the only times I ever felt scared, that would be bullshit. I think I was born scared. However, five seems like a reasonable age to be afraid…right? I was scared way before the age of five. My mother haphazardly liked to leave me alone, ever since I could remember. 
One particular night sticks out in my mind; I awoke in the middle of the night hearing loud noises. I ran into my mother’s room and she wasn’t in there. I remember looking out the window, where I heard the loud noises coming from below, seeing cars with red and blue flashing lights reflecting off the houses. 
My heart sank to my stomach. It was the first time I felt pure panic. I had taken a candy bar from the BP gas station earlier that day, when my mother had dragged me in with her to buy a pack of smokes. I thought the cops were coming to get me. I ran to my room as fast as I could, and hid underneath the bed until I heard my mother stumble in with some random guy. Only then, did I think it was safe to come out. It’s actually kind of funny now that I think about it, to feel safe around my mother, that’s a fucking joke. I didn’t sleep a wink that night, and hoped that my mother would come in and check on me to make sure that I was all right, though she never did. Shocker…


Our neighbor, who we all knew as “Old Pa”, lived two doors down from us. He was always really nice to me, offering guidance; like to put my shoes on and to stay off the streets. I remember him yelling at me once for walking in the back alley. He was really mad. At the time, I was too young to understand why he was so mad. I know now, it was probably because of the man sleeping between the two dumpsters, or it could’ve been the needles that he kicked away when he carried me back to his house to feed me. In my defense, I was only trying to pet the black kitten that kept running away from me, he was probably hungry too. 
That was the last time that I saw Old Pa. I had heard people talking about how the cops had come and taken him away. I never found out why though. I’m sure if I searched the public records I could find out why, ignorance is bliss. I want to remember something good from my childhood, and Old Pa was good to me. 
Riding the school bus became one of my favorite parts of the day. I got to watch other children interact with two loving parents. I pretended to have that, too. When I was on the school bus, I felt like I could be anybody that I wanted. I could be like all the other kids with new clothes, shoes, and really awesome backpacks. A backpack and a lunch box were only a few of the items that I never owned as a child. I wanted a backpack though, one that looked just like Natalie Johnson’s. It was pink with sparkles and glitter all over it. Natalie had everything that I wanted. She was the last stop on our bus route. She lived in a bright yellow house, with white shutters, and pretty flowers. There was even a wooden swing on the front porch. 
Natalie had two parents, a mother and a father. They always waited with her at the end of their driveway. Before getting on the bus, she always got a kiss goodbye from both of them. The second she got on the bus, I would turn my head to watch her father kiss her mother before he got into his car to go to work, I presumed. Even at that age, I knew that he wasn’t kissing her like the guys kissed my mother. He loved her. I could tell that even at the ripe old age of five.
I know now that Natalie wasn’t what you would call rich. There were far more exquisite homes in the Tampa Bay area; she was rich in my eyes though. Her blonde hair was always so pretty. It was shiny, well maybe shiny isn’t quite the word. To be completely fucking blunt, it was clean. Her headbands always matched her outfits, as did her stockings with her baby doll shoes. 
 This may be the dumbest thing to remember from riding the school bus; one afternoon on our way home, Natalie had on the shiniest bracelet I had ever seen. It called to me, so when she wasn’t looking, I reached out and touched it. She must have felt my fingertips, because she immediately looked at me, disgusted; she moved closer to the window. She whispered under her breath that she wasn’t allowed to talk to me, and to leave her alone. I didn’t understand why. Kids could be so cruel. I wasn’t a bad girl. At least my teachers always told me that I was a sweet child. 
 I quickly learned to have a love/hate relationship with school. At least when I was there I knew that I was going to get the free lunches. The kids weren’t nice to me. They were actually very mean, except for Austin. He was always nice to me. We had the same teacher up until the middle of fourth grade. We always sat together at lunch, and played at recess. 
I remember one time he got into trouble for sticking up for me, when Nathan Black called me Cootie Bella, when I had somehow contracted head lice. Austin pushed him to the ground and Nathan skinned his elbows. Austin had to sit in class for the next three days, while the rest of the class played at recess. I tried to explain to Ms. Allen that Austin was defending me, she said we needed to learn how to use our words, “Stupid Cunt” how about that for some words? 
The whole class waited in line at the clinic that day, while the nurse checked each of them for the epidemic of lice, complementary of little ole me. That was the first time I remember feeling shame; immense shame. I was pulled to the side and singled out. The school of course couldn’t get a hold of my mother to come and pick me up. Our phone had been shut off…again. The school sent a letter home with me, and my mother was pissed. She immediately grabbed the scissors and hacked off all of my hair. Crying the entire time, I begged her to stop, promising her that I would be more careful. 
I went to school the next day with a boy haircut, and everybody laughed at me. I went from being called Cootie Bella, to Bella’s a Boy. Austin was my only real friend. He held my hand the entire day, and even let me eat his Jell-O pudding. 
Up until the middle of fourth grade, Austin was a part of my life. He had been absent for four days straight. I finally asked our teacher where he was, and why he hadn’t been at school. She explained that Austin was now in the system and had a new home. I had no idea what that meant. I did know that I wanted to be part of the system, too. I cried for a whole month after he was gone. I went from being alone, to being invisibly alone.


My mother was a smart fucking woman when she wanted to be. I should have been taken from her the day I was born; I wasn’t. The one and only time a social worker came to check on me, my mother was on point. There was no way she was losing her welfare check for me, or her food stamps that she exchanged for drugs and alcohol. She played nice that day and pretended that she was June Cleaver. She bribed me with a new doll, knowing that I didn’t have many toys. She also knew that I was naïve enough to fall for it. My mother was a piece of shit. Plain and simple.


By the time I was in the fifth grade, I was put into special classes. Of course, I didn’t really know what that meant then. I know now that I was being singled out….again. Mr. Mayor had explained to me that it was for students that needed a little extra help. In one sentence he was telling me I was special and in the next he was telling me that I needed special classes. I didn’t understand how he could use the same word for two different meanings. 


The next time I thought about Austin was during the summer; I was about to go into middle school. It would have been nice to have one friend to start out with. It was our fifth grade graduation and the entire gym was full of mothers and fathers, except for mine of course. I had asked my mother to come; she had said she didn’t have time. I knew what that meant. She was going to be sleeping off the night before. I knew I was right; I saw the needles on the counter before I left, right next to the empty bottle of Jack, and the used condom on the floor. 
I sat alone waiting for my name to be called. I pretended that my mother was there and that she was proud of me. They got to the letter T in the alphabet and soon my name was being called. 
“Ysabelle Telle,” My principal announced, who was the only one who clapped for me. The rest of the room kept about their business and conversations, while the unimportant girl accepted her accomplishments.
Don’t you dare feel bad for me. I’m not writing this for you to shed tears. My story goes a whole lot deeper than this, and I definitely don’t want your pity. I adapted. I embraced whatever the fuck came or would come. That’s what I do. 
I knew what my mother did for a living, well for her living. She sure as hell didn’t give a fuck about me. I guess a part of me always knew what her profession was. You can’t really blame me; we lived in the same house. I was usually the one that had to pick up the used condoms, which were never in her fucking room might I add. I wouldn’t have given a damn if she had kept the revolting things in her room, nonetheless, my mother liked to get it on all over the house. I had even found some in my room here and there. She had no fucking decency or moral code. 


The summer that I was twelve years old and about to go into the seventh grade, I became a woman, as my mother had called it. Trust me, we didn’t have a mother/daughter bonding moment. This wasn’t an afternoon special. She simply handed me a cardboard stick with a string attached to the end of it. I didn’t have a clue what I was supposed to do with it. I ended up putting toilet paper in my panties until the next day, when I went to the clinic and asked the nurse for a maxi pad. She explained to me that the cardboard stick was a tampon and that it went up my vagina. She even went as far as to demonstrate how to put it in. She didn’t actually demonstrate, she just advised me to put one leg up on the toilet and to lean forward so that it would go in easier. To say I was fucking mortified would be an understatement. 
I should have known what was coming. I should have felt it or something. I could have been better prepared for it, if that’s even possible. I wasn’t. I was raped when I was twelve and it was by one of my mother’s Johns…yes…I just said Johns. I couldn’t even tell you what the John looked like or what his name was, all I know is that I woke up in the middle of the night with a hand over my mouth and a body between my legs. That’s how I lost my fucking virginity. Romantic, isn’t it? 
He wasn’t gentle at all. The fucker held my mouth the entire time, while his other hand fondled my breasts. There was nothing I could do. I just laid there in a state of shock. I didn’t even cry nor did I try to fight him off. I beheld the ceiling and waited for it to be over. Every time he would thrust in and out, I pretended that I didn’t feel the burning and ache between my legs. I pretended I didn’t smell the marijuana or the cigarettes on his breath. I pretended I didn’t taste the tequila on his hand. I pretended that I didn’t hear the grunts, groans, and dirty shit that he was saying in my ear about my pussy being so tight. I found out later that my mother was paid more money for this John to “use” her daughter than he would have paid for her.
I know what you’re all thinking, what kind of mother would do this to their own child, their own flesh and blood. Although, maybe she thought she was doing me a favor. In her world and mind all men were trash. I experienced a lot of firsts in my life; firsts that should never even exist, let alone be firsts. I eventually learned how to embrace and expect them. They became a part of me, like a body limb would be. My home life would be everything that you would expect it to be, dirty ass house, never any food, old and used clothing, and a revolving door for both my mother and her Johns.
After my initial encounter with her John, I learned real quick to keep to myself, and the more I became invisible the safer I would be. At this point I couldn’t even trust my own mother for my safety, not that I ever could. I began to be home as little as possible, even learned a few tricks from my mother on male mentality. You would be surprised with the things boys would do for you as long as they got a hand job, how they would sneak you into their windows at night or even leave you an extra plate of food once in a while. When I really needed something, I would bring out the big guns, like a blowjob or even them doing some light petting on me. 
I didn’t fuck them though. My first encounter of sex made me never want to do that again. I avoided my mother’s Johns at all costs after that night. Taking care of myself became my motto, and my way of living. I saw very little of my mother after that. I often wonder if she even realized I was gone. I try not to think about that. I try not to think about a lot of stuff. Except, at night when I’m in my bed, the lights are off, and all I am left with are my thoughts and memories, I can’t help but wonder…what if? 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Lifelong- a lasting or continuing through all or much of one's life. That was what Julia was to me. I knew she would always be in my life. I knew that all of my life. I don’t know how to even explain it. I just knew it. 


One could say that growing up the only child would be difficult, especially if you were a boy. You need someone to rough house with, play video games, talk about girls to, climb trees, and build things. You know, typical boy stuff.
My parents didn’t really want to have any children, and my mom likes to say that I was an amazing surprise. I wasn’t, I know that I was an accident. Don’t get me wrong, they are great parents. Always gave me what I wanted, extremely supportive, very loving and caring people. My home life was wonderful. My mom was a registered nurse, and as soon as she had me she quit and became a stay at home mom. My dad was a doctor. They actually met in college; my dad was a senior, about to get accepted into medical school and my mom was a freshman. My mother realized she had a love for healing people when she met my dad. They worked together for two years before I “surprised” them. 
They had lots of friends, given that my dad was an active member of the community. He’s one of the top rated cardiologists in Miami, people would fly from all different states just to see him. I look a lot like my father. We both have blonde hair that we keep in a messy hairstyle, blue eyes, slender yet distinguished facial features, and a boyish Colgate smile, like my mom calls it. My parents’ best friends lived in our neighborhood. Beth and my mom have known each other since high school. Her husband David is also a doctor, and my dad actually introduced David to Beth when he and my mom started dating. 
David and Beth had daughter named Julia. Naturally, Beth stopped working when they had Julia; Beth and my mom were always on the same wavelength. I am two years older than Julia, and have known her since the day that she was born. Obviously, I don’t remember it, but my parents said that the day she was born, I was one of the first people to hold her, and that I gave her our first kiss right on the lips. I called her my baby and from then on everyone just nicknamed her, Babygirl. 
One of Julia’s first words was my name, she couldn’t say Sebastian, and ended up saying Sebby. She has called me that ever since. Julia and I did everything together, and when I say everything, I mean everything. From taking baths together, to sleepovers, lemonade stands, Sunday school, playing house (which she insisted), summer camps, swimming, playing board games, Legos; you name it, we did it. She was like a boy only she smelled good and had long hair. She was the yin to my yang, the peanut butter to my jelly, the milk to my Oreos, and the hot fudge to my ice cream.
I love to take credit for teaching Julia everything she knows, no seriously…I showed her how to walk, ride a bike, swim, color in the lines, read, catch bugs, make mud pies and cuss. What? I was a boy. She loved to think that she is the reason that I am understanding, sensitive, loving, smart, witty and funny. Babygirl is a lot of things, and witty and funny are not one of them, I always laugh at her for trying. She still hasn’t got the part that I’m usually laughing at her and not with her. 
We had a pretty normal upbringing, like I said before, my parents only wanted me; now, Julia’s parents were another story. After they had Julia, they tried to have another child almost immediately. Being so young, I never understood what was going on. As I got older I would overhear Beth crying to my mom that her “friend” came again. I wasn’t sure what that meant at the time, only that it usually happened once a month. 
Growing up together seemed normal to me. Our parents were always doing things together; barbeques, vacations, dinners, birthdays, every celebration was spent together. I pretty much saw Julia every day. Her parents were like my second parents and vice versa; our parents had a running theme that we would end up together. Our mothers were practically planning our wedding from the day she was born.  


When she was six and I was eight, our dads built us a tree house in her backyard. It had taken them almost a month to finish it. I had brought over lots of toys and games for us to play with one afternoon. I had climbed the last step of the ladder before I abruptly stopped, shocked at all the pink and purple splattered everywhere. A pink comforter with fluffy pinker looking pillows were in the corner, a table with a purple cloth and tea cup set was on the opposite side, her play kitchen was set up in the middle, and a weird fuzzy looking rug was right at the entrance. She even went as far as putting her dolls and stuffed animals in random places. 
“Surprise!” Julia yelled. “Do you love it?”
“Wow, what did you do?” I questioned.
“I made us a home. Isn’t it lovely?” She sighed contentedly, “Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Babygirl…why did you do this?”
“What do you mean…I’m nesting.” 
“What does that mean?” 
“I don’t know, my mom said that’s what I was doing, I thought you would know.” 
I could see how excited she was, and I didn’t want to ruin it for her, but this was not what I had envisioned. 
“I thought we were going to do this together?” I suggested. 
“I know, that’s why I said ‘surprise’!” she shouted with her arms in the air. 
“You don’t like it?” she whispered, bowing her head. 
“I didn’t say that, it’s just that I thought it was going to be more like a fort. You know, a place where we could hang out and play. Not so much this,” I explained, pointing around me. 
“We can still do all that, we can just scoot some things over. We can make room for your things and mine. You know I’ll share with you.” 
“Okay…how about we do that right now. And, maybe, we can tone down the pink and purple, maybe add some black and blue?” I pleaded. 
She shrugged her shoulders, “Okay.” 
We spent the next hour moving things around to make room for my stuff. We agreed that the comforter and rug could stay, however, the kitchen and teacup set was axed. 
“Are you upset with me?” I asked. 
“No, I’m not upset. Just, sometimes, I wish I had a sister,” she pouted. 
“I know.” I hated to see Julia upset; I didn’t mean to hurt her feelings. I knew she put a lot of time and effort to make our fort special. I cheered her up by playing house that afternoon. Julia loved to play house, she was the mom and I was the dad, and her baby dolls were our kids. There wasn’t anything that I wouldn’t do for her, even at the young age of eight. 


You could say that it was a little strange that my best friend consisted of a girl. I mean, I was a boy I still needed to hang out with other guys. I hung out with Andrew Jones sometimes, only when Julia was away with her family. On the rare occasions when I wasn’t with her, I would hang out with Andrew. 
Andrews’s friendship and mine abruptly ended one afternoon when I was pushing Julia on her backyard swing. I had slipped and called Julia, Babygirl in front of him. He made fun of my pet name for her. The older I became, the more aware I was about calling her Babygirl around people. I couldn’t help it. She was my Babygirl, always and forever. 
The best, and most memorable times were when she would smile; I loved Julia’s smiles. She’s beautiful; her blue eyes, long wavy blonde hair, thick eyelashes, and high cheekbones with delicate facial features. There’s a tiny beauty mark on the right side of her nose, and her bottom lip is thicker than her top. 
You could definitely tell that Julia's best friend was a boy. She was tougher than nails. If Julia cried, she had reason to cry. If she did cry, it was because she was hurt, like the time she stepped on a bee, or when she was running too fast down the stairs and tripped and broke her arm. That was a good one; she milked that injury for everything it was worth. I spent the next month catering to her every want and need; from playing Barbie dolls to dress up. 


Now don’t think Babygirl and I didn’t have our spats. She could get mad over the stupidest stuff. I remember once when she was maybe eight and I was ten. I was over at her house, because I didn’t want to get groceries with my mom. She wanted to watch The Little Mermaid for the tenth time and I wanted to watch X-Men. I was only joking. I turned it to X-Men and she screamed at the top of her lungs.
Her dad came in, and asked what was going on. Julia lied. She told him that I pushed her, and I had to sit on the steps for ten minutes. Every time I looked over toward her, she stuck her tongue out and smirked. I wasn’t going to be her friend anymore. I was going to find a new best friend.
As soon as her dad had finished lecturing me about hitting girls, and told me that I could go play. I made sure she knew it. 
“I’m not your friend anymore. You’re a dumb girl, I hate you,” I said quietly, not wanting her dad to hear me call her a dumb girl. I probably would have had another timeout. 
Julia’s bottom lip quivered, followed by her big watery tears. 
“I’m sorry, Babygirl. You’re still my friend,” I promised, changing my tune. I hated to see her cry. It did something to my insides that I couldn’t explain.
“Am I your best friend?” she asked.
“Yes, you’re always going to be my best friend.”
We fought about other things too, mostly dumb things, like whether we were playing house or cops and robbers, Connect Four or Chutes and Ladders, swimming or riding bikes. Needless to say, Julia usually won. It was hard for me to say no to her. 


Her parents continued to try for a baby for most of our childhood. A few weeks after Julia turned nine, she told me that they were going to get her a sibling from a special place where parents went to get kids who didn’t have a home.
“I don’t understand how they can do that, Babygirl? Do they buy a boy or a girl like you buy groceries?” I asked curiously. 
“That’s not what Daddy said, it was more like applying for one. It’s called adoption. I guess they have to do all this paperwork stuff, and then we have to wait for someone to call us, or something like that,” she replied.
“How long does it take for them to call you?” 
“I don’t know, he said it took longer for a baby. I told them that I don’t want a baby. I want someone close to our age so that they can play with us. What would we do with a baby, Sebby? It would be boring. Oh, and that I want a sister.” 
“Yeah, that makes sense. What did they say?” 
“They said that it was my decision too, and that they also wanted someone to grow up with us, now we just have to wait.” 


Julia and I continued in our normal routine for the next year. Julia and her parents were thrilled. They had been scouting agencies to find the perfect one and they had finally found one. 
“Sebby!” Julia yelled. “Sebastian…Sebastian…Wait for me! You’re going too fast. I can’t pedal as fast as you!” she shouted. I slowed down my pedaling for her to catch up.
“You’re such a slow poke, Jules,” I teased her. “I’ve taught you how to go faster. You need to hold your butt in the air and power your legs. I can’t keep your pace. My legs are too long,” I explained.
She tilted her head to the side. “Well…that’s not fair, Sebby. You’re a boy and I’m a girl. I’m never going to be as big as you. What are we going to do when you turn twelve next month? I just turned ten, and you’re only going to get bigger,” she muttered. “Your dad is so huge it hurts my neck every time I have to look at him.”
“Babygirl, you know I hate it when you whine like that. We will figure it out like we always do, stop worrying.” 
She sighed, “I’m not whining. You just don’t understand what it’s like to be a girl, Sebby,” she argued, sticking her tongue out at me. I swear that girl stuck her tongue out at me more than I could count.
“You’re right, I don’t understand,” I retorted. “That’s why you’re getting a baby sister. Now I’ll have two baby girls I’ll have to look out for.” I smiled and looked back at her face, she looked upset. Ouch, I didn’t mean for it to hurt. I was only teasing her.
“You know you’ll always be my number one girl, Jules,” I reverted. She gave me a huge smile. I hated to see my Babygirl sad. 
“What’s going on with that adoption process anyway? I thought she was supposed to be here by now,” I asked.
“I don’t know…Mommy says that good things come to those who wait, Sebby. So that’s what I’m doing…I’m waiting,” she replied matter-of-factly. 
“Where are we going anyway?” she asked.
“Just keep pedaling, it’s a surprise!” I yelled as I pedaled faster.
“Oh man....you are going too fast again!” she hollered. 
I saw her lift her butt in the air and pedal her tiny little legs as fast as she could. I couldn’t wait to surprise her. She was going to love this. Julia’s laughs and smiles were the best. I tried to make them come out as much as I could. We finally arrived at our destination fifteen minutes later. I knew we were a little ways from home, and it was all right. I would take care of Julia. I would never let anything happen to her. I reached the newly found spot before she did, posted my bike on a tree, and turned, just in time to see Julia approach. She was all sweaty and flushed. 
“Phew!! Holy crap, Sebby, that took forever, I don’t know if I’m going to be able to pedal back,” she worried.
I pulled back all the pieces of her hair that fell in her face. “It’s okay, Babygirl, you can jump on the back of my bike and I’ll ride us back.” 
“What about my bike?” she asked. She had just gotten a new, hot pink bike with even brighter pink tassels that summer. I knew she wasn’t ready to part with it yet.
I helped her off her bike and parked it against mine. 
“We’ll lock it up on the tree. I’ll have my dad come back and get it with us. Or…we could leave it here, and come back for it tomorrow. I have a feeling you’ll want to come here a lot this summer.” She agreed with a slanted smile and a nod.
I placed her hand in mine, and walked her back to my surprise. I made sure to walk in front of her. The trail was a bit daring for Jules, I knew she would do it. Jules never said no to anything. 
“Be careful, Babygirl, step where I step okay,” I cautioned, leading the way through the rough terrain. 
As we approached my surprise, I looked back at her. I wanted nothing more than to see her face. Her eyes sparkled, and her face glowed with a gigantic smile. 
“Oh my God, Sebby!” she shrieked. “You found us a waterhole? How did you find this?”
Growing up in Fort Lauderdale could be a pain. There never seemed to be that many kid friendly things to do.  
“I found it last weekend, when you were with your parents at the adoption place. I haven’t seen any other kids, so I think it could be just ours. I added that tire swing for you,” I bragged, proud of the fact.
“Is it very deep? You know I’m not that great of a swimmer, like you,” she protested. I knew Julia better than I knew myself.
“You aren’t that bad of a swimmer, for being such a shrimp,” I laughed.
She crossed her arms over her chest. Wait for it. Wait for it. There it is; the tongue again.
“Hey…I’m not a shrimp, you’re just a bean pole!” she laughed. It really wasn’t as funny as what she made it out to be. I wasn’t laughing at her comeback. I was laughing because she was laughing so hard at her comeback. I think she found it epic or something, like she pulled one over on me.
I walked over to my backpack and pulled out a bright pink floatie with purple circles on it. I waved it in the air, teasingly.
“You brought me a floatie!” she shouted, running up to me and jumping on me like a leech. 
“I love you, Sebby!” 
“I love you too, Babygirl.”  
That, I’m sure, was a little strange too. I didn’t care though. I loved her, and she loved me. That I was sure of. Though I became cautious of saying that too, not wanting the wrong people to hear Julia and I say that we loved each other. They wouldn’t understand.



Chapter 2

<>*<>Y<>*<>

One of my not so fondest memories was being in a playground. I don’t know how old I was, I know that the feeling I had was frightening. I was by myself, and I was looking for my mother. I kept saying her name over and over again. “Momma, Momma, where are you? I scared, Momma…” I don’t know how long I called and cried for her, but I know eventually she did find me, or maybe it was more like I found her. She was behind some trees that were in the back end of the playground. She wasn’t supposed to be in that section. The sign said so. I couldn’t read it; I remember a boy losing a ball that had rolled into the seclusion once. When I told him to go get it, he informed me that the sign said he wasn’t allowed. He would go to jail. I was afraid my mom was going to go to jail.
 I hesitated at the edge, hearing a man say, “Aren’t you gonna answer the kid?” She responded with, “No, just make it fast. I can see her.” I couldn’t really see her, although I could see that her skirt was hiked up, and her legs were around his waist. 
She took me home that day and put me to bed in my dirty, smelly clothes. I think I might have had a sandwich or something, except I still remember going to bed hungry. I remember going to bed hungry lots of nights.  
The years that followed were much of the same, me looking for my mother, while she “worked”. She described to me years later, that this was her job, that this was how she provided food and clothing. At the time, I remember thinking What food? What clothing? I sure as hell never saw either. Nevertheless, I kept my mouth shut like I often did. I never responded to what my mother would say. I became a really good listener, and by that I mean, I usually tuned her out and stayed away from our house as much as possible.
In my imagination, I pretended like she wasn’t my biological mother. That she had kidnapped me from a beautiful wealthy family, who were still out there looking for their long lost child. If it were true, they sure as shit never found me. I continued to live in my own personal hell, designed specifically for lil ole me, where I cried myself to sleep, and thought about brighter days ahead. These brighter days that I speak of never really came. I lived a very fucked up life, that even now I think back on and say; I must have been a really shitty person in a past life or something. The cards that were dealt in this lifetime, fucking sucked. Yet time heals all wounds… right? What’s that saying, that the past always repeats itself…?
The real fucked up part that I haven’t gotten into yet, is that I fucking loved my newfound power that I had over horny boys. 
I loved the attention that I got from boys and the leverage that I held in my hand with my pussy, not that I ever gave them that part. The fact that I had one was all the power I needed. I craved it. I wanted it. To a normal person, yes, my life was fucked up, but to me, I embraced it. I had to. We all have human survival instincts. I chose mine. Nobody chose it for me, so this isn’t a “woe is me” story. I’m not asking, nor am I looking for sympathy. I enjoyed doing the things that I had to do, to sustain life, maybe it’s hereditary or something, to be a whore, a slut, a prostitute. That’s what I grew up to be. 
That’s what I knew. That’s what I became.
 I wasn’t just some prostitute sucking dick for nickels and dimes. I was “The Prostitute”, the more politically correct word for my Madam would be that I was an escort. I worked for an elite service that provided anything and everything for just the right amount of money. I was a VIP (Very Important Pussy), but I’m getting ahead of myself here so let me start again. Let me, let you into my own personal fucked up psyche. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Julia and I played at the waterhole every day for three months straight. My birthday came and went, and we celebrated at our waterhole. It quickly became our special place. I had taught Julia how to jump off the tire swing, do the backstroke, and swim underwater. Her underwater breath count had increased to one minute and ten seconds. She complained that it wasn’t as great as mine; almost two minutes. I was proud of her, nonetheless. 
She had been a nervous wreck for the last week, because her sister Olivia was going to arrive that day. She was thrilled to have someone to share all her secrets with. That confused me, because Julia had and would always have me. Plus, she told me everything anyway, she said that this was different. As much as I loved her, she confused the hell out of me sometimes. 
They had been meeting with Olivia two times a month for months now at the adoption place, and it was finally time for her to come home. I waited for them to return in their living room. I had helped with all the decorations the night before, I sure hoped this girl liked purple and pink, since that’s the color of all the decorations. It looked like Barney threw up and then exploded in here. I heard the garage door open, turned off the TV, and walked to the kitchen. 
As I was walking into the kitchen, I stopped dead in my tracks. Julia stood there holding the hand of the most adorable girl I had ever seen. My mouth parted slightly, my eyes got really big, I could feel my heart beating in my throat, and my hands got really sweaty. I had absolutely no idea what the hell was happening to me, all I knew was that I never wanted it to stop. I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. Julia was tiny and Olivia was even tinier. She had long dark hair, tan skin, big green eyes, and big lips that I felt the urge to want to kiss. Wait…what? Kiss…no…that can’t be right? What’s wrong with me?
“Sebby, are you okay?” Julia asked, bringing my train of thought right back in the moment. 
“Uh…yeah…yeah…I’m fine,” I replied, realizing then how dry my mouth had become. 
“All right…Sebastian this is my sister, Olivia. Olivia this is my best friend, Sebastian. I call him, Sebby.”
Olivia released Julia’s hand, came right over to me, and threw her tiny frame onto me for the warmest hug. She stood as high as she could on her tippy toes, put her arms around my neck, and her face into my chest. 
“Hi, Sebby,” she said in the softest voice I had ever heard. For some reason, my initial reaction was to look over at Julia. I saw the most pained and stunned look on her face, and I didn’t know what I could say or do to make it better, but I didn’t want Olivia to let go. 
“Hi, Olivia,” I responded. I knew right then and there, I was done for. I have a feeling that Julia sensed it as well. I don’t know. We were kids, I cannot really explain it, and it was just there. I’m sure of it. What was there? That I didn’t know, however, it was something.
From that day on, we were a threesome. Where you would find one, you would find the other two. It’s just the way it was with us, I can’t really explain that either. They were just my girls, plain and simple.
I don’t know that I have ever been more curious about a girl, than I was about Olivia. Hmm…maybe, I had some sort of a fascination with her. I was happy to learn that she wasn’t in foster care because she had been abused, just rotten luck. 
She didn’t really remember her mother. She had died of an accidental overdose when she was three. I guess her father was some sort of a loser. The only other family that she had was a grandmother, with severe diabetes and one leg, who wasn’t able to take care of her. 
She liked the two foster homes that she had lived in. They were good to her, although neither of them were in the market to adopt any of the kids. It made me happy to know that she grew up happy. I’m not sure that I could have handled knowing someone hurt her.  
The first few months of Olivia living with Julia had been some of the most memorable moments of my life. Olivia took to us, like gum does to the bottom of your shoe. She was similar to Julia in a lot of ways. It was hard to remember that they weren’t real sisters. However, you would never be able to get away with saying that to Julia. She loved her way more than any blood-related sibling I had ever seen. The love was mutual; Olivia loved her just the same. To say it wasn’t awesome that I had two girls that I could call my best friends, would be stupid. I didn’t care that they were girls, or that I was outnumbered in almost everything. The happiness that they brought into my life daily, was worth it. 


For six months, we had been trying to get Olivia to jump off the tire swing, and she swore that today was going to be the day that she would do it. Julia and I impatiently waited for her to take the leap.
The swing swayed forward for the fifth time. 
“Come on, Oli, you can do it! Just close your eyes, and jump already,” Julia yelled. 
“NO! I can’t do it, it’s too high. I’m too scared. I’m going to hurt myself. I’m going to get down!” she yelled back.
“Oli…don’t you dare chicken out again, you can do this! You see Jules and I do it all the time. You know you’re not going to get hurt, just jump!” 
She frantically shook her head back and forth.
“All right, I’ve had enough of this. You’re doing it today! I’m coming up there, and we’re going to do it together,” I demanded, running out of the water to stop the swing before she had a chance to say no. I caught Olivia by the waist, right before she was about to haul ass, and run away. 
“Oh no you don’t…you are going to jump off this swing today…ouch…stop fighting me, Oli! This is happening.” 
“No, no, no, no, no…I don’t want to do it anymore, Sebby, I don’t want to… please… I don’t want to!” Julia could hear the panic in her voice, and ran over. 
“Sebby, leave her alone! She doesn’t want to, you BIG BULLY!” she shouted. Olivia turned to me with her big, sad puppy dog eyes. 
“Oh, come on Oli, you can do this. I’ll be right there with you. I’ll put you right on my back, and all you have to do is hang on. Okay?” I pleaded.
She took a long deep breath and put her hands on her hips. I swear, she already had each and every one of Julia’s mannerisms down. 
“Fine, if something happens to me, Sebastian Vanwell, you have no one to blame but yourself. You can tell everyone that you are the reason that I am dead,” she replied. I swear girls can be sooooo dramatic, Thank God that these girls had me or they would be such big wimps. 
“Perfect! I’ll take full blame. I would never let anything happen to you, Oli,” I assured her with a serious face.
“Yeah…yeah…I know,” she replied with a smile. Julia and Olivia laughed before Julia ran back into the water to watch. Olivia jumped on my back, and I couldn’t help feeling the same way that I had felt the first time I saw her; I had named it “the jitters”. I don’t know, maybe I was going through puberty, who knows. I did have the jitters with her though. That’s for sure, no doubt about it.
“Hang on, and whatever you do, don’t let go,” I ordered. She took another deep breath, and nodded. I moved us to the front of the tire, and shoved my legs back so that it started to swing. Once I felt like we were at a good rhythm that we could jump from, I looked back at Olivia. Her eyes were shut tight and she was biting her bottom lip.
“Don’t bite your lip…you ready?” I asked.
She hesitated. “Nooo…” 
I grabbed on to the back of her legs, and pushed our bodies into the air. Olivia locked her ankles around my stomach, and squeezed my neck as hard as she could. She clung to me like a spider monkey. I was lucky I didn’t pass out from lack of oxygen, although what a way to go. We splashed into the water moments later, and when we resurfaced Olivia’s body was now clung onto the front of me. I don’t know how we got into that position, but it felt fantastic. We were both laughing.
“That was so much fun, Sebby, let’s do it again!” She begged, gyrating her hips on my lower body over and over again. I couldn’t help that I started to get hard, and by the look on her face, she could feel it too. 
“What is that, Sebby?” she questioned in an innocent tone. I blushed and pushed her away.
“Nothing, Oli,” I didn’t realize how far back we were, I couldn’t even see Jules. “Come on, let’s swim back.” She jumped back on me, resuming her position. I could have never imagined what happened next. She closed her eyes, leaned in, and kissed me right on my lips. I kept my eyes open the entire time. I had never kissed anyone before. She pulled back and opened her eyes. 
“I feel it too,” she said in a sweet quiet tone. I didn’t know what to say. She moved her body to my back like nothing had happened, like she wasn’t aware that I suddenly couldn’t breathe, let alone focus enough to swim us back.
“Come on…let’s go!” she ordered as she thrust her hips on my back like I was a horse or something. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I never considered myself a beautiful girl, from what people and boys often told me, I was flawless. I have tan skin like a caramel color, bright green eyes, long brown hair which is wavy in the back and straight in the front, and voluptuous lips that I may have gotten from my father, because my mother didn’t have them. I’m 5’6 and weigh about 110 on a good day, 34 C breasts, tiny waist, and a Brazilian booty. I have no idea what my heritage or nationality is. I know my mother was beautiful as well though. She never had a problem getting men. My mother was Caucasian. I imagine my father was Latin or African American. I’m not even sure who the guy was. I could have very well been a product of a one paid night with my mother. Who knows?
What I did inherit from my mother, was her bright green eyes. I haven’t seen her in over nine years. I left the moment I turned sixteen, and have never looked back. I don’t know if my mother is alive or dead. She has never tried to find me or vice versa. I have no remorse or regret for leaving her. In my mind, she died way before I actually left. 
I moved to Miami, Florida the day I turned sixteen, with no more than the clothes on my back and $100 in my purse. My home, which I don’t even think you could call it that, was a piece of shit; we never had air conditioning, and it always smelled like sex. No lie, it smelled like sex, yes, sex has a smell. It’s a musky aroma of sweat, condoms, and semen. You know the feeling of when you walk outside, and you can just smell the rain coming? There’s this sense in your body, the air feels and smells different, even though the sky may not look any different. If you try to describe the smell you just can't, but you know it’s going to rain. Then inevitability, it does rain. Sex is kind of like that too. It’s a smell that once you inhale, you never forget. It’s a smell that grew comforting to me throughout the years, and at times still is. 
I never had any friends, and to be honest; I never really wanted any. Girls are too dramatic and problematic for my taste. I had my own problems, and they didn’t involve what I would be wearing to school tomorrow or if I finished my calculus homework. I mean I went to school, it just didn’t really stick; let’s face it, a girl like me would never be able to afford to go to college or to even think about getting scholarship money. Fuck, I didn’t care enough about my grades to even try. I kept to myself, and people didn’t really bug me. 
If you want to be invisible you just sort of become invisible. I don’t even think my teachers knew I was there, let alone my fellow classmates. The boys, however, oh yes the boys, they knew me…this is where I was smart, or stupid, depending on how you want to perceive it. In my case it was smart. This is where I applied myself. I had about four to five different boys that I would use. One could say that they used me, fuck that, I definitely used them! I kept them on rotation and chose different guys from different social groups, so that they wouldn’t know about each other and they wouldn’t gossip about me.  
They kept me fed. I guess you could say it was like my job. I mean they gave me money sometimes, when I would asked for it. Though, how much money can a fifteen year old kid really have, so mostly I got food, sometimes shelter, and if they had any sisters then they might try to steal some make up or clothing for me. I never asked where anything came from, I just took it, and they never offered any information, so it was an unspoken agreement. Actually, we did very little talking, it was a service for a service situation. 
I gave my first hand job when I was thirteen, sucked my first dick when I was fourteen, got finger fucked when I was fifteen, and had sex when I was sixteen. I know…I waited until I was sixteen to have sex after being raped, and I did it for $100 to get the fuck out of Tampa and away from my mother. Best decision I ever made! The sex wasn’t so bad though, it didn’t last very long. It was in the backseat of his pickup truck. The guy was a senior, and he didn’t want to go away to college a virgin, so in reality, I kind of did him a favor. I laid on my back and spread my legs, staring at his stained roof, as I tried not to inhale the shitty smell of motor oil lurking in the atmosphere. Three minutes and ten thrusts later, I was on my way. To ask if I had the big O, and saw stars would be a fucking joke, it sucked.
Now the first time I ever felt a sense of power, was the first time I sucked cock. Of course, I wasn’t very good at it, but damn, did it feel good to be able to make a guy react that way using my mouth. The surge of adrenaline that I felt by having the condom fill with his load was indescribable. It felt amazing to feel like nothing in the world mattered, except what I was doing to this boy.
I chose Miami, because it was the farthest that $100 could get me. He drove me to Miami before heading off to his University. Oh, and I know what you’re thinking, yes I ALWAYS used protection, I’m not fucking stupid. I didn’t want an STD or end up with a little shit like me. This guy wasn’t so bad though; he was actually kind of nice. He gave me another $100 bucks, because I gave him road head. He didn’t ask for it I just offered. Who says chivalry is dead?
Once I got to Miami, I didn’t know what I was going to do for the essential things in life, you know; food, money, and shelter. I was beginning to think that this was a bad idea, and maybe I should just turn around and head back home. Then I thought to myself and realized; I barely had that at home, so what the fuck was the use of going back to that hellhole?
 I got out of the guy’s truck and walked my happy ass to the nearest bar. I figured I could either get picked up or get drunk, both thoughts appealed to me. Upon entering the bar, I had several people looking at me, I mean, hadn’t they ever seen a chick with a backpack before? Maybe they were wondering why I had all my life’s possessions on my back, or maybe they were just checking out my rack, who the fuck knows. I sat at the bar and ordered a Cuba Libre; when in Rome, right? The guy didn’t even ask for my ID, which was sort of disappointing, because I had one made from one of the computer geeks at my school, I was itching to use it. 
Looking up at the bartender, I realized he was pretty handsome. He had dark skin, dark eyes, short black hair, and seemed taller than six feet. He was sporting a five o’clock shadow that kind of made him seem edgy. He looked Latin. His build was impressive; even through his clothes, I could tell he was well-built. What really caught my attention was his smile. I had never seen a more sincere welcoming smile before. Something about it was genuine. When he handed me my drink I noticed he wasn’t wearing a wedding ring, and that he had really big hands. 
“Do you know of any places hiring?” I asked. 
He looked at me and smiled, “What are you looking to do?”
I thought about it before I answered. I wanted to come off confident. 
“I’m not quite sure. I’m a fast learner though. I just need to make some money and by that, I mean today. I just picked up and moved here from Tampa, so I need to make some money fast; not really crazy about living on the streets,” I halfheartedly smiled. 
He contemplated what I was saying, giving me a once over with a questioning glare. 
“What’s your name, and how old are you?” he asked. My nerves piqued just a bit. It wasn’t that I couldn’t lie. I could lie. I was damn good at it. I just hoped that I could get away with the five years that I needed to add to my age. I looked twenty-one, people often told me that I did.
I stuck out my hand to shake his, “Ysabelle Telle, twenty-one, you?”
He shook my hand. “Devon Hill, twenty-nine.”
“Well nice to meet you, Devon Hill.” I gave him a flirty smile. “Now, about any hiring’s, do you think you could help me?” I bit my bottom lip in the enticing way that worked with the guys back home that I had become accustomed to. I knew how to flirt to get what I wanted. I was damn good at that too.
He considered what I was saying. 
“Let me see what I can do.” 
He walked to the back of the bar. 
I took that time to look around the place. The bar looked very upscale. I was sitting at the first bar by the front doors. There were white leather couches that extended throughout all of the back and sidewalls, with small tables in front to accommodate expensive drinks. Above the back wall was a balcony looking thing, and DJ equipment. Attached with its own set of stairs. Right in the middle of the place were tables with white cloths and chairs tucked underneath. There were a few people sitting around having some drinks. One of the tattooed covered guys smiled my way. I smiled, and continued to inspect the club. I didn’t want to be rude to the guy. I may need to use him for a few bucks if I didn’t get this job.
At the back of the bar was a dance floor, as shiny as glass. I was sure guys loved that, there was no doubt that the floor reflected like a mirror. Right before the dance floor were two sets of stairs, leading to a second floor that looked even more striking than the first. There also appeared to be another bar in the middle of the room, along with leather couches and tables. I looked back on the first floor and saw that there was another bar to the left of the dance floor. It seemed that they would need a lot of bartenders, considering it had three bars. I pondered that thought, as I downed my drink. Before I knew it, Devon returned and handed me an application with a pen. 
“Fill this out and you can start today? Do you have any bartending or waitress experience?”
“No…like I said though, I’m a really fast learner.”
“All right then, I can have you start bartending today. Just shadow me and we will see how fast you pick it up. If I like what I see, I’ll put you on the schedule. I’ll just pay you under the table until we see if you’re going to work, and then we’ll talk about putting you on the payroll. Deal?” he asked with an extended hand.
I shook his hand. I would de-rail the payroll thing as long as I could. I didn’t need him running my social, informing him of my true age, not to mention my mother. I wasn’t too worried that she would be looking for me. She never cared what I was doing or where I was before. The only thing that would send her looking for me would be the fact that she didn’t have my food stamps, to ensure she had drugs anymore. Fuck her. She could sell her body for her fix. I wasn’t being anybody’s pawn. Ever again.
“Are you the owner?” I asked, shaking his hand.
“I am,” he replied.
I put the pen to the corner of my lip and bit on it. I don’t know why I was flirting, I already had the job.
“Huh, you’re awfully young to be owning something.” 
“And you are awfully gorgeous,” he smirked. “You’ll definitely bring in a crowd for me. I inherited this club from an uncle, who passed away a few years ago.”
I brought the pen back down on the application. “Oh…I’m sorry…I didn’t mean to-” 
“Don’t sweat it, Kid. It happened a long time ago. He was a mean old bastard anyway, but he did know how to run a great place. It was successful before I ever got my hands on it. I was fortunate enough to have a business degree from college, so I knew a thing or two about running a business. What brings you to Miami?” 
I started working on the application. I didn’t want to look him in the eyes. 
“I was over living in my hometown. I wanted to expand my horizons.” I looked back at him. “You know?” 
He nodded his head. “Yeah, I can understand that. I was born and raised in Miami. I moved to Gainesville to go to UF for college, and somehow I wound up back here anyway.”
I noticed then that Devon was a talker and he wasn’t shy about sharing. Though I found myself not minding his openness, he was authentic, and I liked that. 
I grinned at him. “You sound like you got your shit together, Devon. Care to share your secret?” 
He laughed. “I think I’m gonna like ya, Kid. You say what’s on your mind, great quality to have. The guys will be taken with you…which will make my bar happy, as well as your wallet.”
“I think you’re giving me more credit as far as my appearance goes, thank you anyhow.” 
He left me alone for a few minutes to finish my application. When he came back, he introduced me to some of the staff and gave me a tour. Once we were finished touring the exquisite night club, he walked me to a back restroom and asked me if I had anything else to wear. I must have looked at him funny. He called one of the bartenders that I had just met and asked her to “help me out”. His words, not mine. She handed me a black corset top and told me to leave my bra on with it, and to change into some tight jeans. I’d never worn a corset anything before, so she had to help me with the ties on the back. She pulled the ties so tight, I had to tell her that I couldn’t breathe. She loosened them a little with a snicker.
“You’ll make a lot more tips with it tight like this. You’ll get used to the not breathing part. Beauty is pain, right?" she said and I smiled, nodding at her.
After I finished changing, I looked in the mirror to survey myself. The first thing that caught my eyes were my breasts, they were to my chin, and my waist was smaller than usual, which made my ass stick out more. All in all, I was pretty impressed with myself. I could see what she meant by making more tips this way. My breasts would be in the guys’ faces every time I would lean over. With this ensemble, I would need to be on nipple slip patrol. Since I never really wore any makeup, I really didn’t have very much to work with, so I just went heavy on the black mascara and eyeliner. I applied some blush, and went with my favorite flavored strawberry lip-gloss. 
After I did one more check in the mirror, I walked out from the bathroom, and ran right into Devon. He raised a huge smile at me.
“You clean up nice! You looked great before, now you just look amazing. Are you ready?”
“I am,” I assured him with a smile.



Chapter 3

<>*<>S<>*<>

The more things change, the more they stay the same. School had started up again for all of us. We rode our bikes together to and from school every day. I was never a huge fan of school, especially when I was younger, I preferred playing baseball or being anywhere near the water. Although, school had been an easy transition for Oli; she loved to learn. Since Julia and I were the total opposite of her, we often made fun of her. 
“Where are you going, Babygirl?” I yelled as Julia hauled ass on her bike right after school. 
“I have to go to the bathroom. I’ll see you guys at the house.”
Oli smiled a weak smile over at me. I let her stay one tire in front, just so I could watch her. 
“Sebby?” she softly pedaled as we barely crept. We were going just fast enough to keep our bikes from toppling over.
“Hmmm?” I replied.
She didn’t look at me. She kept her head slightly down. “How come you never said anything about that day?”
“What day, Oli?” I knew what she was asking. I was feigning ignorance, not exactly sure how to respond.
“You know. That day you made me jump off the swing. We never talked about kissing.”
“Did you want to?”
She shrugged her shoulders. “I just, I don’t know. I kind of liked it.”
I snickered a little. “I kind of liked it to, Oli.”
“You know Julia likes you, right?”
“Nah, Julia and I are just friends. We’re too close. She’s like my right arm or something.”
“I don’t think so. She likes you.”
“Does that bother you?”
She shrugged again. It did bother her. I could tell. “I love her. I would never do anything to hurt her.”
“I love her too, Oli. I would never intentionally hurt her either.”
We rode in silence for a few minutes. 
“Oli?”
“Yeah,” she said, looking back at me.
“Do you want to do it again?”
I saw the instant small smile, like she was trying to hide it or something. “Do you?” she asked.
“Maybe, just to see, you know, see if we still like it.”
“Okay, but not in the middle of the street, someone will see us.”
Pumping my legs, I pulled around her. “Follow me,” I beckoned, trying to hide my own smile.
I darted through the sidewalks and quickly made our way to the neighborhood clubhouse; we went around the back of the building where no one could see us. 
Keeping my hands tightly around the handlebars, I backed my bike up beside hers. We kind of stared into each other’s eyes, briefly. It was rather awkward. Neither of us knew what the hell we were doing. 
“Just do it, Sebby,” she coaxed.
I did. I leaned in, as she did. I was expecting it to be like the last time. Kind of like a relative kiss. It started off that way and I was about to pull away when Oli parted her lips for me. I pulled my tongue back when it touched hers, and then hers sought mine out, turning it into something, I’m not even sure what. It was wet, sloppy, and amazing. 
Oli was the one to pull away from my lips. I didn’t want to stop. I wanted to kiss her for the rest of my life. 
“Did you still like it?” she asked quietly.
“Uh-uh,” I stupidly replied, still dazed and confused.
She laughed. “Come on, I’ll race you home,” she wagered. 
It took me a moment. I couldn’t move. My legs didn’t seem to remember how to make the stupid bike go. 
“Come on, Sebby,” Oli called, pulling me from the most amazing trance I’d ever been in. We made our way back to her house and parked our bikes in the garage. Julia was in the kitchen making us sandwiches as we walked through the door.
“What took you guys so long?” she wondered. 
“Oh, Sebby forgot his math book, so I waited for him.” 
Julia laughed, while looking over at me, which made me inadvertently shrug my shoulders. 
“Sebby…what would you do without us?” she questioned.
“Good thing I never have to find out,” I remarked. 
Oli looked over at me with a huge smile, I knew mine matched her own. She had a glow about her for the rest of the day. I hoped even then that Julia couldn’t tell that something was going on between us. I never wanted to hurt Julia, I loved her. The way I felt around Oli was undeniable. I didn’t understand those feelings or what they were, just that they were different. 
Oli and I would steal glances at each other, and sometimes, if no one was around, I would hold her hand just to touch her skin. She was always warm and soft. We continued as friends, all three of us, playing at our waterhole. 
Although, the older we got things started to shift a little. Of course, we all still remained extremely close, things just started changing. 
I remember one afternoon when I tied our tubes together, like I often did for the three of us to float around the waterhole. We would float like that for hours, talking about growing up, and what we would become. We were still young and naïve. I was going to be an astronaut, Julia was going to be a dancer, and Olivia was going to the Olympics to win a gold medal. 
“Come on, Oli,” I coaxed when she just sat on the bank. I guess the girls were around twelve at the time and I was fourteen.
“No, Sebby. I’m not getting in the water today,” she called from the bank.
“Why not? It’s a hundred degrees out here.”
“I don’t want to,” she retorted. 
“What do you mean, you don’t want to? You always want to. You’re the first one in, because you’re part fish. Now, come on,” I exclaimed. 
“No, I’m not getting in. Stop bugging me or I’m going home,” she pouted.
“Leave her alone, Sebby,” Julia said in a soft tone.
“What’s the matter with her, Babygirl?”
“I can’t tell you,” she said with a grin. 
“What do you mean, you can’t tell me? You tell me everything.”
“I can’t tell you this. It’s a sister secret.” She wiggled her eyebrows. 
I grabbed Julia’s tube and spun her so that Olivia couldn’t see her lips moving. 
“You can’t keep secrets from me, Babygirl, we have a pact. Remember our tree house pact?”
Julia laughed. “We were like seven, Sebastian. I think you still thought you could be the fifth Ninja Turtle.”
“It could still happen and it doesn’t matter. A pact is a contract. You can’t break it. I can take you to court or something.”
“You cannot,” she laughed.
“Oh I can and I will. Now please tell me, Babygirl. I hate seeing Oli left out.”
“I can’t, Sebby. I promised,” she whispered. 
“Yes, you can. I promise that I won’t tell her you told me,” I said, grabbing her pinky with my own. 
“You swear on your life?”
“Yes, just tell me already.”
“Oli got her period.”
Whoa. I should have let her keep that secret. I wasn’t expecting that at all. I was expecting something like she thought she was fat or something. I didn’t know how to react. I just froze. 
“Sebby?” Julia said, pulling me from my shock. “You promised,” she worried.
“I’m not going to say anything to her. I promise.” No way was I saying anything. I wished that I didn’t know. “I don’t understand, Babygirl. You can’t swim when you have your period?” I asked and she laughed.
“Stop laughing at me. I don’t know anything about that stuff. I’m not a girl.”
“She can swim if she wears a tampon. She just hasn’t worked up the nerve to use one yet. She will.”
“How do you know?
“Because, I got mine like six months ago.”
“You did?”
“Yeah! Unlike Oli I’m ecstatic about it. I love that I am finally a woman.”
“Hmm, why is she scared about the tampon thing?”  
 “It’s scary the first time, Sebby. You have to put it inside of you, you know?” she explained, looking down between her legs.
I had heard enough. Too much had happened in a matter of five minutes. Periods and tampons, I definitely needed to start hanging out with my baseball friends. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I worked a full shift that night and tried to remember how to make all the drink orders that Devon kept ringing up. Devon was a chick magnet. They were like moths to a flame, putting their bouncing breasts right in his face every chance they got. Devon seemed receptive toward it, I’m not sure if he was flirting because he wanted to get laid, or he wanted bigger tips. As the owner, I’m assuming it was probably both. I didn’t make many cocktails, I took care of all the easier drinks and beer. 
I was shocked at how many people ordered vodka and club soda. I recognized that night, how much appearances mattered in this town. I wasn’t sure if I was going to be able to fit in, however, I was getting quite a bit of attention. It helped in easing some trepidation in my mind. 
I’m sure it was expected. I had never had anyone show me this kind of attention. My mother sure as hell never told me how beautiful I was. Some of the guys back home did, I assumed that was for their own sexual gratification, not my self esteem.  
At the end of the shift, I was exhausted. The bar closed at 5 a.m. We turned into a live, happening nightclub at night, which came as a nice surprise. I really enjoyed the music that the DJ played. Everybody referred to it as house music, the upbeats and constant drops kept me going all night. By the time we cleaned up, cashed and tipped out, it was close to 6:30 a.m. I counted all the money that I had made after tipping out. I had to count it several times. I was sure my eyes were playing tricks on me. I ended up with $252 bucks. Yes! I wasn’t sleeping in some alley. I saw Devon from the corner of my eye.
“It’s usually a slow night on Tuesdays. Did you do okay?” he asked and I looked up at him with disbelief in my eyes.
“Yeah…I did more than okay. I can probably get a decent hotel for a couple of nights now.”
“You don’t have anywhere to go?” 
Noticing the worry in his tone, I smiled at him. “No…I don’t, I’ll be fine.” I would be fine. I was used to taking care of myself, did it my whole fucking life.
 He reached over and grabbed my shoulder.
“You did really great tonight, Kid. I’m going to put you on the schedule.” I immediately started jumping up and down. I was so happy and giddy. 
“Really! That’s great. I’m so happy,” he laughed at me.
“Great, because I have another proposition for you. My roommate just moved out a couple weeks ago, he got married and left all his furniture behind. His wife said something about wanting to buy new stuff, because it was too masculine. If you don’t mind that, the room is yours for however long you need it.”
 The apprehension on my face was visible, which made him squeeze my shoulder. 
“It shouldn’t take you too long to get on your feet. Hotels in Miami are sleazy, unless you can afford something on South Beach, and I’m assuming you can’t. I wouldn’t feel right letting you sleep somewhere, where I know you won’t be safe. A pretty girl like you could get in a lot of trouble in this town. My apartment is right on South Beach, next to Collins Street. You could walk to work, and everything you need would be in walking distance, so transportation wouldn’t be an issue. You could focus on finding a place and then maybe buying a car.” 
“Why are you being so nice to me?” I blurted out. I couldn’t help it. I wasn’t used to people being nice to me. It just came out that way. How was I to know that his intentions weren’t what my mind was convinced they were. 
He had a genuine smile on his face. 
“Because, you look like you need it, Kid.” 
“What do you want for it?” Damn, I couldn’t stop my abruptness. I could tell by the look in his eyes, that he was caught off guard with what I had just said. It quickly turned to sadness.
“A thank you, would suffice. If you want to cook me some dinners when we’re not working a few nights a week, we could call it even.” 
He smiled again. I felt like I had won the lottery. A part of me still believed that he wanted something more, and wouldn’t come out with it. At this point, I had nowhere to go and he seemed honest. What else was I going to do? Even if he did want payment, I would pay, I had to.
“Okay, Devon. I’m not a great cook but…you have a deal.” I extended my right hand and he extended his. After we shook on it he laughed again, and put his arm over my shoulder.
“I know this great café that serves unbelievable breakfast, let’s go get some food in you, and then we will get you settled. We are due back here by two o’clock.”
To say that this felt surreal would have been an understatement. I had never met a genuinely nice person, until I met Devon. He never asked for any favors. It took me by surprise. I mean, I was raised with the queen of whores. What else would I think? 
We quickly fell into a comfortable and normal routine. He didn’t have a girlfriend, but I did see girls leave his room at the butt crack of dawn a time or two. He never made a pass at me, not once. Even when he did embrace me with a hug or anything affectionate, it never felt romantic, no ulterior motives, it was just him or the way he was. Devon not only became my boss, he also became one of my closest friends.
 He still didn’t know a damn thing about me, though he knew more than I allowed anybody else to see. He never asked too many questions, always talked about the present or future, and never about the past. A part of me sensed that he knew I was running away from something, he never pried or poked around to find out what that was. He had even quit asking about putting me on payroll; hell, he didn’t care. I was making him money. He wasn’t going to rock the boat. I loved Devon, he became like a big brother to me. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I knew that I didn’t want to follow in my father’s footsteps at a pretty young age. My mom used to drag me to the hospital sometimes when he would work long hours. I didn’t mind it when Olivia and Julia were with us, which was most of the time. I was sure he wasn’t really a doctor. It seemed like he spent more time doing paperwork, than seeing actual patients. At least that’s how I saw it.
“Sebby, I’m dying. I think my heart is broke,” Julia wailed, lying on the examining table one afternoon while we played around.
“You better let me have a listen,” I professionally decided.
I placed the stethoscope in my ears and raised her shirt. She giggled as the cold metal touched her chest.
“Olivia, we may need a part of your heart,” I determined.    
“You can’t cut my heart in half,” Olivia laughed.
“Give me your heart,” I yelled, chasing her around the small examining room. Julia jumped down and squealed too, as I chased them both with a wooden tongue depressor, pretending it was a knife.
I caught Oli first around the waist, and carried her over to the examination table. I climbed on top of her holding both her wrists above her head with one hand, while my body weight held down her lower half. 
“Ok, Ms. Matthews, Dr. Vanwell is going to make everything better.” 
I grabbed onto her shirt lifting it right beneath her breasts and with my tongue depressor I started to pretend I was going to cut into her heart. 
“HAHA Olivia…I will have half your heart!” Julia screeched in a scary voice. 
“Traitor!” Olivia yelled. 
We must have been really loud, because my mom barged in. 
“Guys!” she yelled and almost stopped immediately once she realized the position I was in with Olivia. 
“Sebastian! What are you doing, get off of Olivia,” she demanded. I instantly got off of her and Olivia sat up while pulling down her shirt. I hadn’t even noticed that I had somewhat developed a hard on. I sat down on the chair hoping nobody noticed my embarrassment. 
“Guys, we need to go.” We all gathered up in my mom’s car, and nobody said a word on our ride home. 
“Sebastian, you need to come straight home. Girls, we will see you later,” she stated as she exited the car. 
“I’m sorry, Sebastian.” Oli whispered.
“Yeah…I’m sorry, too. I hope we didn’t get you into trouble,” Julia repeated. 
“It’s okay. It’s not your guys’ fault. I guess we were being too loud.” 
I went straight into my room and started cleaning it, hoping that I wouldn’t get into too much trouble. 
I was caught off guard that evening when my dad came in still fully dressed from the hospital. He usually showered and changed before he came to see me. He looked tired. He took a deep breath before he grabbed my desk chair and moved it over to my bed. 
“Come here, Son,” he asked as I walked over to sit on my bed.
“I know we were being really loud Dad, I’m sorry. We won’t do it again, we were messing around and didn’t realize it, it won’t happen again.” 
“That’s not why I’m here,” he rubbed at his temples relieving pressure that I assumed was building there. 
“I thought I would have at least another year before we needed to have this conversation. I guess you are going to be turning fifteen soon.”
“What are you talking about?” 
“Your mother tells me that she walked in on a compromising position between you and Olivia today, at the hospital.” 
“What do you mean? We always mess around like that.”
“I know, Son, you’re getting older and it’s not going to be acceptable for you to continue playing like that.”
“I don’t understand. We can’t be friends anymore, just because we’re getting older? That doesn’t make any sense.” 
“No, I didn’t say that, Sebastian, I know you have a great relationship with the Matthews girls, which is perfectly fine. It’s what your mother and I wanted for you. Son, your body is going to start changing and so are theirs. Things are going to start changing.” 
“I don’t want things to change, I like things the way they are.” 
“It’s a part of growing up. Your mother and I are going to be meeting for dinner tomorrow with the Matthews, to discuss some ground rules. We will let you know once we know what they are. However, I can tell you one thing I know for sure; you guys are not going to be left alone anymore without an adult being in the house and the bedroom doors will always remain open from now on.”
“What do you think is going to happen, Dad?”
“Has your body started to change? Are you starting to feel different?”  
Oh God. He wanted to talk about sex. He thought I was going to have sex and now he wanted to discuss it with me. If this day couldn’t get any worse, it just did. 
“Dad, I don’t want to talk about this,” I asserted. 
“It’s perfectly normal if you are. I was your age once. I know it’s confusing, and change always is. Becoming a man is a confusing time for any boy. Just how things are changing with you, they are also changing for those girls. I don’t want any lines crossed. Do you understand what I am saying, Son?”
“Yes, I understand.” I really didn’t, I just wanted to get him out of my room. 
“All right, well I promised your mother that I would tell you this, and as uncomfortable as you are right now, it needs to be said,” he sighed again. 
“You’re going to be starting high school soon, and you’re going to start to have certain urges. I want you to know that you can always come to me to talk about it. I want you to make sure that you are always safe. Do you understand?” 
“Mmm hmm.” 
“Son.”
“Oh God, Dad! Yes, I understand. You want me to wrap it up, right? Yes, I know. I don’t want to become a dad or you guys grandparents. I’m not dumb.” 
“I know that. I just want to make sure you are aware that there are consequences to every action. And like I said before, I am always here for you and you can tell me anything. Now…do you need to tell me anything? Your mother is very upset by what she witnessed today.” 
“No, Dad. I mean we’ve never done…you know. I mean…I kind of, I guess you could say, I sort of have feelings for Olivia. I would never do anything that she didn’t want to do.”
“What about Julia?” 
“No, I love Julia, but it's a different kind of love. I don’t even know how to explain it. When I’m with Oli, everything changes, especially if we are alone. Does that make sense?” 
“Of course.” 
“I would never want to hurt Julia, Dad. I love her, but the way I feel for Oli is just different.” 
“Has anything happened between you and Olivia?”
“No…I mean…not really. I guess we’ve sort of kissed a couple times, it’s complicated. We don’t really discuss what is going on. I know she feels the same way about me, and we both don’t want to hurt Julia. So we’re sort of at a standstill. Ugh! I’m so confused,” I whimpered as I dropped my head to my hands. My dad patted my back. 
“I know, Son. You and Julia have known each other since you were basically born. I know you care for her, and I’ve seen the way you and Olivia have looked at each other. As much as Julia might be hurt, I’m sure she has noticed it, too. Women have that sort of intuition about them. You’ll learn that as you get older.” 
“She’s never said anything about it, Dad.” 
“And she may never; nevertheless, Son, in life you have to just be honest with people. If you and Olivia want to hang out in a different way, then you have to do what makes you happy. I love those girls like they were my own. Either one would be lucky to have you,” he said and I smiled at him. 
The conversation may have started off uncomfortable, but at the end, I found myself relieved to have been able to share that with someone. I learned that day that my dad was right. Things were going to change, as to what extent, I wouldn’t find out until later.


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I ended up learning a lot about the bar business while I worked for Devon. I worked for him for about two years. After about three months of living with him I got a car, I knew that I needed to be saving for an apartment, but I couldn’t pass on the deal that was in the ad. It was a 2005 black Honda Civic coupe, and I named her Knight. I got myself a decent apartment in Coconut Groves, a month in a half after that. It had two bedrooms, two baths, and the kitchen had stainless steel appliances with granite countertops. There was a small nook that I put a four person dining table in. I bought all new furniture, kitchen supplies, and whatever else I needed. I even got a fucking bath rug from Bed Bath & Beyond.
 I was home. For the first time in my life, I had a home, something that I did all on my own. I know it probably sounds a little cliché, you would have to experience where I came from to be excited about a two bedroom apartment in Coconut Groves. I took great pride in my new apartment, keeping it clean, and stocked with whatever groceries I wanted to buy. Yeah, I could do that. I didn’t have to wonder if I was going to get fed. I ate what I wanted.
 Devon never made a fuss about me leaving. He knew that I needed it. I moved farther away from South Beach, because I didn’t have the capacity to stay out of trouble. It called to me. I figured that if I lived a bit away from trouble then it wouldn’t find me. I know now that I was really wrong to make that assumption. 
Even though living with Devon was great, I still enjoyed being on my own, very much. I guess by making myself invisible all those years, it kind of stuck with me. I still liked the quiet and being alone. I assumed it was just the independent part of me, years of taking care and fending for myself. 
I loved to do what any normal girl would; read, lay out by the pool, shop, go to the beach, and exercise. I never talked about my past, or myself, and in order to have friends you sort of had to do that. So I kept most of my “friends” at an arm’s distance. I preferred it that way, and I think they just thought that I was a reserved person. You’re probably asking yourself, if I had made a decent life for myself, why I didn’t just stay in the hospitality business. I guess the only answer I could give you, was that I felt like my life was missing something. I mean sure, I still had men that wanted me, and I made lots of money by taking advantage of that want, however it wasn’t the same. I missed the power…
AGAIN, I am getting ahead of myself. I seem to do that, it’s like I just want to get to the good parts and skip everything else in between. It’s the whore in me, I guess. In the two years of working at the bar, I experienced a lot of firsts, first time I smoked pot, first time I snorted cocaine, first time I took ecstasy, first time I tried pain killers, and the first time I got so fucked up that I puked for several hours straight. Hmmm…are you seeing a pattern…I worked in at a high-class bar in the heart of Miami, South Beach, what did you think I would get into? 
Of course, I experimented with drugs, still do occasionally. Although, drugs aren’t my vice; men are. Drugs are just something that I used for recreational fun. When you live in Miami you tend to be around it all the time. It’s everywhere, and you don’t even have to go looking for it, somebody always has something on them, or knows someone who can get it for you. One could say that the more money you have the more you snort up your nose, at least from what I have seen anyway, and believe me, I have seen a lot. 
Drugs are a means to an end for me. They give me a false sense of happiness for a few hours, and sometimes that’s all I am looking for, an escape from my reality. It makes me feel empowered, almost like I am in control of everything around me. I thrive for that control. I can honestly tell you that I don’t know where that need comes from. It’s something that is within me, it’s like part of my soul. Maybe, it’s the fact that I was raped at such a young age. That control was taken from me, taken by a John that didn’t give a fuck that I was only twelve. It’s possible that the John made me this person, someone who needs and seeks control, who the fuck knows, and I’m not about to spend any more time analyzing why I am the way I am. It’s something that is a part of me, and I have learned how to embrace it. 
I had to do that. Either I embraced it, or ended up in a rubber room filled with crazies. I wasn’t that person. One thing about being raised by yourself, is that you tend to become stronger and stronger. My brick wall was built by me, one brick at a time. Nobody could fucking knock down my wall. I wouldn’t allow it. That’s why I kept the people in my life at bay. I didn’t need emotional bullshit, never did.
I don’t want to talk too much about the drugs, because I don’t want you to associate me as a crack whore. First and foremost, I never did crack. However, in order for you to know me I need to be honest and drugs are a part of that honesty. Drugs are a part of my story. I need you to understand something. I NEVER, did what I did for drugs or money. I know a lot of people associate living this kind of lifestyle with both those things, that wasn’t why I was involved. Whether you believe me or not is your decision, I haven’t lied to you yet. I could sit here for days trying to explain what made me leave the bar, I don’t think you would ever fully understand. To live the life that I have lived, and to have never felt any sense of anything, and by anything, I mean nothing; it was tough. 
I don’t regret any of my decisions. I did what I had to do, wait…that’s bullshit. I did what I wanted to do. I wanted to feel power, control, I wanted to feel everything. I wanted that, like I wanted my next breath. As much as I want to say that I was excelling at pretending to be content, I don’t think I did a very good job. I mean, yeah, I had a nice place, nice things, friends, the job, and the money. It should have been enough…right? It wasn’t. I wanted more, something else, something I couldn’t seem to put a finger on. I slowly felt it eating away at me, little by little.


I sat at the bar one slow Monday afternoon, it was a little over a year since I had been in Miami, it was just Devon and I. He had sent the other employees home, since we were so slow.
“I miss you, Kid, I feel like I never see you anymore.”
“What are you talking about, Devon? You see me almost every day.”
“Yes, although I see you at work. I miss seeing you out of work. I miss your dinners,” he grinned.
I smiled a cheesy smile. “Ok…now I know you’re full of shit. I barely ever cooked, and when I did it tasted like shit, so much so that we had to order out.” 
“Nah, I just liked picking on you. It wasn’t that bad, well…except for those times that you set off the fire alarm, and the superintendent had to come up because we couldn’t get it to turn off,” he grinned again.
I scuffed in fake disbelief, and put my hand on my chest. “Oh. My. God. Devon, that happened like two times,” I said in an exaggerated tone.
“Yeah…two times five,” he said, snapping his wet towel at my butt.
“Holy shit! That hurt.” I rubbed my butt. “My ass will now have a permanent imprint on it, because of you. You should feel bad. You know I could sue, that was almost like sexual harassment. I don’t think I feel safe here anymore.” He snapped the towel again, and this time it was much harder and it made me jump.
“Whoa there Kid!” he said. “Now I feel bad about that one.” He moved closer to me. “Here let me rub it and make it better.” I moved his hand away and started laughing.
“You just want to feel up my ass, Devon!”
“Well, there’s a lot to feel up, Kid.” I pushed him in his chest and moved to make us a drink.
“Stop messing around. What’s gotten into you today? It would be like incest, you and I. You don’t look at me that way, and I sure as hell don’t look at you that way.” I handed him his Johnny Walker, and took a sip of my vodka and club soda…yes, I had become one of those people, and it actually tasted good, simple, and smooth. 
“Yeah, you’re right. You’re not my type. I don’t really go for the gorgeous types, too much high maintenance and shit. Plus, I’m not that great in bed.” 
I laughed so hard. “Yeah right…I’ve heard the noises, and oh my God Devon’s that came out of your room. Remember, we used to live together, I think you do just fine.” 
“Well, I never heard any noises coming out of your room, Kid? What’s up with that?” I bit my lip, and glared at him.
“Hmmm…” I replied.
“Are you a virgin, Ysabelle?”
“No…let’s talk about something else,” I said with a smile.
“I don’t want to talk about something else. I don’t get it. You’re gorgeous, probably one of the prettiest girls I have ever seen. You have these mesmerizing eyes that are almost entrancing, a killer figure, and Rapunzel like hair that smells like candy. Then you never have a guy around, and I see how many offers have been on the table, Kid, so I know it’s out there. Don’t you want to come home to someone?” I could see in his eyes that he was fishing for some information.
“I could say the same to you, Devon.” I smiled, and so did he. “Listen…I’m not trying to sound like a bitch, but it’s none of your business. Let’s keep our friendship the way it is, okay? Nice and simple, I like it like that.” I chugged my drink, and started to clean out my glass. He came up behind me. I could feel his body heat on my back as he played with my hair.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you. You’re right, it’s none of my business. I care about you, and I can’t help worrying. You always seem to have it so put together, and I can’t help but wonder if you’re even happy, because you deserve to be, Kid. You know that right? You deserve to do whatever will make you happy.” 
Thanks, thanks a lot Devon. That was just what I needed. He too, sensed that there was something missing. It didn’t make sense. What the hell was it? Why did I feel like I needed more?
He put his hands on my shoulders, and turned me around. I looked up at him thinking that I would see lust and desire, I didn’t. I saw sympathy. He leaned over. I thought for sure he was going to kiss me. I closed my eyes wanting to see if I would feel anything and the second I felt his lips on my forehead, I knew he would always be there for me. He kissed my forehead, and walked away. I was glad that Devon didn’t want me like that. I needed one person in my life that wanted me, for me.
We went back to our normal routine, and nothing ever even remotely close to that happened again. Life resumed its normal pace. I worked, I partied, and I lived life, day to day, hour to hour, minute to minute. Was I happy? I don’t know…I think the best word for it was that I was comfortable. In the back of my mind, I felt like I needed something more, I just didn’t know what that was yet. Little did I know, that I would find out soon enough. 



Chapter 4

<>*<>S<>*<>

The girls were my life, and I was theirs. Summer was about over and I was fifteen about to enter my first year of high school. The girls were thirteen, and were going into the seventh grade. We were all disappointed by the fact that we would no longer be going to the same school. We sat in the grass at the waterhole, knowing that this would be one of the last few times we would hang out there. We were getting older and this place would always hold our childhood memories.  
“Come on girls, you know nothing’s going to change.” I didn’t know if I was trying to convince them, or myself. They both looked so sad.
“You say that now, Sebby. You’re going to be hanging out with those older kids, and you’re going to forget all about us,” Julia pouted. Olivia didn’t look up. She barely looked at me the past few days. 
“Now, you know that’s not true. How can I forget about you guys? I love you too much! Nothing is going to change that.” 
As a daily ritual, I practiced pitching, I had become quite the athlete. My dad’s friend was the baseball coach of the high school that I would be attending. He had been scouting me, since the day my doctor said I’d grow to be 6’4. I was already 5’10 and I’d been conditioning myself to be the starting pitcher. It was hard, a lot of devotion to the sport, and sometimes repetitive. Thank God, I had my girls. They came to each and every one of my games. They even made shirts with my name on the front, and my jersey number 8 on the back. I laughed when they turned around, showing me the glittering number 8. 
“Look, you guys will still come to all my games, and maybe some practices. I’ll come over every day after practice, and tell you all about my day. I’ll even help you with your homework,” I said, trying to sound optimistic.
“Okay…” Olivia sadly spoke with her eyes toward the ground. 
“Don’t sound like that Oli, I promise.” They still didn’t seem convinced. 
“Okay, enough of this moping around. We only have a few more days until school starts, and we are going to make the best of it.” I stood up. “I don’t care…what’s it going to take to hear you guys laugh, and to see you smile, huh?” I still got no reaction. They were going to be happy, if it killed me. I grabbed them both by their hands, pulled them up, and threw both of them on my shoulders. 
“What are you doing?” They screamed simultaneously. I started running toward the water. Once they figured it out, they started squirming, trying to escape my hold on them.
“NO!” They screamed. “We don’t have any clothes to change into, and my cell phone is in my pocket,” Julia yelled. 
“Liar, your cell phone is on the ground! We are going in.” I threw them both in before I dove in myself. We all came up laughing. 
“Jerk face! Now we’re all wet!” Olivia said, splashing water in my face.
“Yeah, Sebby!” Julia said, splashing more water in my face.
“All right…you guys asked for it!” I grabbed both of them by their heads, and dunked them under water. 
“You guys ready to play nice, now?” 
Oli was the first one to beg for mercy and surrender. Julia quickly followed. We splashed around in the water some more and then laid out on the grass, letting the sun dry us off. We stayed there and watched the sun start to set. We had done this a lot throughout the years. Just laying around in comfortable silence, we didn’t have to talk to enjoy each other’s company. I looked over at Julia who was lying down with Olivia’s head on her stomach. Julia was curling her finger around Olivia’s hair. 
I couldn’t help but notice how different they looked; Julia with her light skin, Olivia with dark, Julia with blonde hair, and Olivia with brown. Julia’s face features were small and delicate, and Olivia’s were prominent and noticeable. They were both tiny and I knew that they would start growing into their own soon.
 My mind raced to the thought of them having boyfriends. I hated it. I didn’t want to share them, they were mine. My eyes stayed on Olivia. I thought back to the kisses and the affection we had been sharing these last few months. I didn’t know what the future would hold, and that scared me. I didn’t want things to change, and I knew that they would. 
I saw Julia looking at me from the corner of my eye, I looked at her and she gave me a detached smile. I was worried for a second that the smile had been about me gazing at Olivia. Phew…It wasn’t. I couldn’t explain that one to myself, let alone her.
“You promise things won’t change?” she asked.	
“Of course,” I responded, a part of me sensed that she wasn’t just talking about going to different schools.


A few months went by and it was finally Olivia’s birthday. 
“You’re a teenager, Oli! You’re no longer considered a kid anymore,” I teased, bumping her arm with mine, as we sat on the side of the pool at her thirteenth birthday party. My eyes dropped to her forming breasts in her new hot pink bikini. 
I caught Olivia smiling at me and she leaned back, resting her body on her elbows. She saw where my eyes went. She was taunting me. Even at my age, I knew that. She was flaunting her body for me, waiting for me to react to her. I had to jump in the pool. My dick was becoming extremely sensitive, and there were times that I had no control over it, like this.
My dad was right on the money when he said things were going to change. Not just physically, emotionally, and mentally. 


One afternoon sticks in my mind the most, I opened the front door to Julia curled into a ball on her sofa, watching old re-runs of 90210. 
“Hey, what are you doing laying around here watching TV on a Saturday? Where’s Oli?”
Julia sat up, and looked me over like she was pissed at me. What was her problem? I could tell by the sour look that she wasn’t in the best mood.
“What?” I finally asked.
“Where’s Olivia, Sebastian?”
“Uh, yeah?”
“You knew she had a doctor’s appointment today. Why do you care where she is anyway?”
“Oh, yeah. I forgot. I was just asking. What’s your problem?”
“Nothing,” she assured me, turning back to her show. Great, here we go again, nothing…always meant something. Why did she do that? I had known Julia all of her life, she knew I could read her like a book. 
“What’s wrong, Babygirl?” I asked, running my finger up her bare foot, causing her to jump and laugh at the same time. 
“Do you like her?” she muttered. 
“Who?”
“Stop being so oblivious. You know what I’m talking about.”
“I do?”
“Oli, Sebastian. Do you like her? GOD.”
“I love, Oli. You know that.”
“That’s not what I mean, and you know it. I see you look at her sometimes, and I see the way she looks at you. I asked her about it last night, and she blew me off.”
“What did she say?”
“I just told you! She blew me off. She wouldn’t answer, and kept changing the subject. I’m not really talking to her right now. Since she won’t give me a straight answer, I’m asking you. You wouldn’t lie to me, would you Sebby?” she inquired. 
“It’s not like that, Babygirl. I don’t know what’s going on. That’s the truth.”
“You didn’t answer my question. Do you like her?” she asked and I shrugged my shoulders in response while looking at my feet.
“Do you like her more than me? Do you, Sebby? Please, tell me the truth.” 
I could hear her voice starting to break, like she was about to start crying. I knew if I looked at her eyes I would see that they were watery, in that moment I felt as though I couldn’t do that to her. I couldn’t hurt my Babygirl like that, she was too important to me. I needed to put my feelings aside for Olivia, because in my heart I subconsciously knew that if I didn’t, I would lose Julia and I couldn’t bear the thought of that. 
So I lied. 
“No Babygirl, I don’t like her. I love her, just not in that way,” I choked out. I heard her sigh in relief, and felt her jump on me with her arms and legs wrapped around me. She held onto to me so tight, and I embraced her just the same way. 
“I love you, Sebby,” she whispered in my ear. 
“I love you, too,” I repeated. More than she would ever realize.


<>*<>Y<>*<>


This is where the story gets interesting. This is the day, that changed my life, the day I met Madam. She came into the bar, and reserved a VIP room in the back of the bar. She was absolutely, stunningly beautiful, she was an older woman, late forties with blonde hair and bright blue eyes. She had a pixie haircut that made her look more polished and refined, her high cheekbones and narrow jaw added to her intimating allure. 
She came in with an entourage of women who were just as, if not, more beautiful than she was. What surprised me the most about this party was that there weren’t any men, just women. Living in Miami, you come across your fair share of beautiful people, it isn’t voted number one for the most beautiful people in the world, for nothing. This crowd was different. I could just feel it in my bones. As the night progressed with its usual entities, I took my break and went to the bathroom. Upon entering the bathroom I noticed the beautiful older woman doing a line of cocaine on the bathroom sink. 
“Shit, I’m sorry the door wasn’t locked.” 
I turned to leave; she grabbed me by the arm and turned me around, wanting the door to shut behind me. She stared intently in my eyes and placed her left arm up beside my head, and then proceeded to do the same with her other arm after locking the door. She had me caged in, she turned her face to the nook of my neck and inhaled. In all the time working here this had never happened to me, another one of my fucked up firsts, I didn’t know what to feel or what to think. This beautiful woman had cornered me in the bathroom of my place of employment, I tried to remain calm. 
“You smell almost edible. If I lick you, will you melt in my mouth?” she asked with a sultry tone. 
I didn’t say one word. I didn’t know what the fuck to say. Was this really happening? I stood deathly still while she smelled the side of my neck. I think I may have halted my breathing when she started to lay light, soft kisses from my neck to my collarbone. Very subtly and slowly, she took out her tongue and glided it down to the cleavage of my breasts. At this point, I was slightly hyperventilating. I was sure that it caused my chest to noticeably heave. While still lightly kissing and licking my cleavage, she took her left hand and started to twirl the hair that hung on the side of my face. She twirled it around and around in her finger several times, until she finally placed it behind my ear. 
Using her first two fingers on that same hand, she glided them down from the side of my face to my collarbone. With those fingers, she proceeded to lightly start tracing the cleavage at the top of my shirt; with both hands, she felt the sides of both my breasts, pushing them up as she began to kiss them firmer. I almost felt like she was motor boating me. I had to stifle a laugh. I didn’t know if it was from nerves or maybe even arousal. This was new and foreign to me. I think she noticed the change in my demeanor too. She stopped, and looked straight into my eyes.
“Are you nervous, beautiful girl? Hmmm…? I think maybe you are also slightly aroused.” It was almost like she was reading my mind. 
“Do you want to tell me your name?” 
I tried to catch my breathing, “Ysabelle,” I managed to say in some other voice.
She took her face out of my cleavage, and looked me right in the eyes, “Beautiful name for a very beautiful girl. Ysabelle, how old are you?”
“Twenty-three,” I replied.
The woman smirked and looked me up and down from head to toe.
“Ysabelle, do I look like a stupid woman to you? Now, I don’t want to start this relationship based on lies. So, let’s try this again, how old are you?”
I was caught off guard. Nobody had ever doubted how old I said I was. At least, they never acknowledged it anyway. 
“Eighteen.”
The woman smiled and her eyes lit up, she moved closer and lightly started kissing on my lips, almost goading me to see my reaction. 
“What are you doing?” I asked with that same stupid, nervy voice.
“Whatever I want, Ysabelle. Would you like to be able to do whatever you want? Would you like to know how it feels to be in control of anything and everything around you? Because, I can guarantee you that. I can make that happen for you.” She opened her mouth and used her tongue to trace my lips, again enticing me more, trying to read my reaction to her power over me. That’s what it was. She had some sort of power over me. 
I couldn’t stop her…I responded by opening my mouth. She took that as an invitation, and slid her tongue inside. I moaned, slightly. I couldn’t help it. It wasn’t the initial reaction I thought I would have, when I felt her tongue in my mouth it was a natural instinct to moan, it felt like a natural response to me. She caught me off guard again, as she backed away from me completely, turned, looked into the mirror, and reapplied her lipstick. 
“I was right, you do melt in my mouth,” she admitted.
I stood there stunned, not just because I was just assaulted by a woman, but also by the fact that I didn’t want her to stop. I wanted her to keep going. I wanted to see how far she would have taken it. Maybe I wanted to see how far I would have allowed her to seduce me. I felt like that’s what she was doing to me. She was seducing me to be with her, and I had never felt someone have that power over me.  
I immediately wanted to know how to have the same power she had just apprehended from me. I wanted to know what she meant by me being in control of everything around me. I hesitantly walked over to the mirror. I could see my own reflection as well as hers looking back at me.
“What did you mean by me being able to have control?” I asked.
“My, my, a small little kitten one minute and a tiger the next. I think we are going to form a beautiful relationship, my Bella Rosa. Do you have any idea how gorgeous you are? We could both gain something miraculous from our relationship together.”
I was still staring some quizzical look at her through the mirror, “What do you mean?”
“I mean, a mutually beneficial relationship, one where you and I both gain something. I could be like a mother to you. Do you need a mother, Ysabelle?” she asked. My initial reaction was this is fucking bullshit. 	
“Listen lady, I don’t need a mother. I have one of those and I haven’t seen or heard from her in two years. I can take care of myself. I’ve been doing it for a very long time. So can you cut the shit and theatrics now, and just tell me what the fuck you meant.” And then, she fucking smiled at me! And I am not talking about a happy smile I am talking about a shit-eating grin smile. 
“You’re absolutely perfect, Ysabelle. You’re everything that I look for in my girls. You’re the epitome of innocence, seductress, and feisty. All you would need is some guidance, and you would make me so proud,” she said with so much enthusiasm, like she was visualizing me doing whatever it was she had in mind. “You would have men crawling at your feet, just begging you for some attention. I can see it now. You would be my favorite girl,” she said. At this point, I had no fucking clue what this lady was talking about. She was starting to get on my nerves and I needed to get back to work before I pissed off Devon.
“Okay lady, you’re obviously wasting my time and I need to get back to work. Thanks for feeling me up in the bathroom. I hope you had a great time! I can now add first bisexual encounter to my resume of fucked-upped-experiences.” I turned to get the hell out of there. This lady was crazy. She grabbed me by the hair so fast, and with enough force to jerk my head backwards. 
“Don’t bite the hand that will fucking feed you, Ysabelle. That’s the first rule that you need to learn, you also need some Goddamn manners.” She jerked my head back some more causing me to whimper. “Are you done being a little bitch, or do I need to re-evaluate our relationship?” I nodded my head. The crazy woman was vicious, ruthless, and didn’t give a fuck that she had just assaulted me. She let me go with a genuine, motherly smile 
“All right then, let’s try this again.” Her personality instantly changed back to being prim and proper, like she didn’t just about rip my hair from my head. She reached into her purse, pulled out a black business card with VIP etched in silver lettering on the top and handed it to me. I looked at the front of it and then flipped it over, seeing an address and a phone number on the back.
“Be there tomorrow at three,” she demanded.
“I have to work tomorrow.” She looked at me and cocked her eyebrow. 
“I’ll see you at three, Ysabelle, have a good night.” She kissed both my cheeks and left the bathroom. I stood there for several seconds, just looking at the card and wondering what the hell had just happened. I knew one thing for sure; I would be there tomorrow at three. 
I was distracted for the rest of the night. It’s a good thing I didn’t have to worry about money. My preoccupied mind wreaked havoc on my tips that night. 

 
<>*<>S<>*<>


Olivia and I tried to stay away from each other and for the most part it worked, except when we were alone. Everything went to shit when we were alone. Oli came to one of my baseball games by herself one afternoon, because Julia was sick and her parents were attending to her. They didn’t want Oli to get sick as well, so they made her come to my game. The girls had turned fourteen and I was sixteen.
I was an All-star baseball player for my school. The girls didn’t really know, however, I had started dating here and there. It was easy to keep that a secret from them when they were still in middle school. I didn’t know what I was going to do next year, when we would all be at the same school again. 
The game was nearly over and I kept catching Oli in the stands. Her hair was down and she had started to wear some makeup. I didn’t think she needed it, yet, it made her even more beautiful, and her bright green eyes blazed through the stands. 
When the game was over I ran to the locker rooms, showered, and dressed. I came out looking for Oli, I couldn’t find her anywhere. When I finally found her, she was still sitting in the stands, she hadn’t moved even though the place had cleared out. I grabbed my bag and walked over to her, I set my bag down and sat beside her. Neither one of us said anything for a long time. The sun had finally started setting, casting a luminescent glow over the stands. 
“God…it’s beautiful,” I said.
“I know. Look at all the colors, I love when the sun sets.” 
“I wasn’t talking about the sun, Oli.” She turned and found my eyes as I was intently looking at her. Oli was growing up to be breathtaking, I knew once she started high school boys were going to be all over her. I didn’t know what I was going to do then. 
She blushed and smiled at me.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” she teased. 
“Because, I can’t help not looking at you like that.” Her lips parted and her tongue peered out slowly licking her lips. I reached out and stroked the side of her cheek and her face leaned into my fingers. Shifting my hand to the back of her head, I gently brought her over to me. 
My lips found hers instantly. It started with just a peck until I opened my mouth to her, and she sought out my tongue. This kiss was much different from our last; that kiss was sloppy, this one was eager and demanding. Our tongues twisted, as we tasted each other. It felt amazing. 
She pulled away from me first and laid her forehead on mine. We both stared at each other for a few moments, slightly panting, and breathing each other in. 
“I missed this. I wish it could always be like this,” she whimpered. 
“Me, too.” 
“Why do things have to be complicated and hard? It shouldn’t have to be.” 
“I know. I don’t know what to do, Oli. It doesn’t matter what I do somebody gets hurt. I love you, I also love Julia. I can’t hurt her, at the same time I am hurting you and it kills me inside.” 
“I know, Sebby. I love you. You know that right? You know that I would do anything for you. You know that I would never want to hurt Julia; she’s everything to me. I owe all of it to the Matthews, I could never hurt her, and I don’t know what would have happened to me if they hadn’t found them. They’re my family, and you are too.” 
“Let’s just keep moving forward with how things are Oli, there’s nothing we could do to change anything right now. Let’s just see if something changes in the future.” 
She nodded, I could see it in her face that that’s not what she wanted to hear. I didn’t know what to do, I was stuck between a rock and a hard place. It didn’t matter which way I went, somebody would be hurt or unhappy. 
We were stuck. 


The new school year was in full swing. We had all just entered another year of school together. I had made quite a name for myself over the past couple of years and I began my junior year as co-captain of my baseball team. I had just turned seventeen and the girls fifteen. 
The girls had finally started at my high school as freshman; I would be lying if I told you that I wasn’t uneasy about it. There would be NO ONE taking advantage of them, being as they were now fresh meat. They were both growing up quite nicely…things were maturing and developing right before my very own eyes. 
Julia had made the JV cheerleading squad, and as much as she persuaded Olivia to try out with her, Olivia wouldn’t have it. She hated being the center of attention and chose to join the swim team instead. She said it was my influence that made her love the water so much. 
I had started dating Allie toward the end of my sophomore year. We met in physics class, and it slowly developed into something more. Julia and Allie hit it off right from the get-go. Allie was a fellow varsity cheerleader, and coached Julia all summer on ways to make the team. Olivia seemed more distant from Allie, she accepted her into my life nonetheless. You wouldn’t really call them friends though, more like acquaintances. 
Just because she accepted her into my life, didn’t mean she liked it. I knew she didn’t like it; the truth is, I wasn’t sure what the hell was up between us. We were still best friends. I loved her, and would kill anyone that hurt her. 
We knew we couldn’t be together, and I know that it hurt her deeply when I told her that I had started seeing someone. 
“Why, Sebastian? Why can’t I be enough?” she declared. 
“It’s not like that, Oli. She’s just a girl. I don’t care about her like I care about you. You have to know that. What more can I do?” I asked. 
“What the hell does that mean?” 
“It means, I’m a guy Oli, fuck, I’m seventeen. I have needs and urges. You know?” She looked like I had slapped her in the face, and slowly started backing away from me. I grabbed her by the arm.
“Don’t go like this, Oli. I’m sorry. You know I’m sorry. What the fuck can I do? I mean…I don’t know what else to do.” 
“God, Sebastian, you have no clue do you?” 
“What?”
“I could do that with you. I don’t care what way I have you, as long as I do. Julia would never have to find out. I mean we have hid it this long we could keep doing that. Nobody would be the wiser, we could still be together. I understand that I have to share you with Julia, but don’t make me do that with this girl, it’s not fair! It’s not right that you would ask me to do that,” she said and I brought her over to me and put my arms around her tiny body. 
“Baby…” I whispered into her ear and neck, as I softly placed kisses.
“I’m sorry…I can’t.” She instantly placed both hands on my chest and shoved me as hard as she could, which made me lose my balance and almost fall over.
“Go to hell, Sebastian,” she shouted before running off. 
Our relationship became strained after that, we were still around each other, it was just different. I knew that I was the one that caused this rift between us and it slowly began to eat away at me. There was nothing else for me to do, I needed to move forward and hope to God that one day she would understand. 
Allie and I got close over the summer, I lost my virginity to her right before school started. Allie had been with one guy before me, which I was grateful for. I didn’t want the responsibility of taking someone’s v-card. We had started messing around and it just happened, it was awkward, and lasted about 4.5 seconds. We practiced and practiced a lot after that though.
Homecoming was a few weeks away, and Allie was already driving me crazy with color schemes. We had both made court and were in the running for prince and princess. Julia had also made freshman court, which she was just as ecstatic about. She started seeing my teammate, Robert. He was a respectful, nice guy, so I was okay with it; no guy would ever be good enough for either of them, but I needed to let it go. 
Olivia continued to remain distant from me. I knew what it was, although I tried like hell to ignore it, as she did me. It never worked though. I needed to stop. The major issue was; I couldn’t stop. I couldn’t get her out of my soul. That’s where she was. It was deeper than being in my brain, deeper than even my heart.
I stopped by their house one afternoon on my way home from school. I didn’t knock. I never knocked on their door. Their parents would have thought I’d lost my mind had I knocked on their door. We always had an open door policy between our houses. I didn’t know Julia or their mother wasn’t home, I avoided being alone with Olivia, it was just easier that way. 
I tapped on Julia’s door first, and then peeked my head into the empty room. I turned, debating on whether or not to see if Olivia was in her room.
I knocked on her door and waited for her to tell me to enter. I was extremely nervous, I couldn’t leave without saying hello to her. 
“Come in,” she called. 
I walked in to her coming out of her bathroom in nothing but a towel.
“Whoa,” I said and immediately turned around. “Sorry, I didn’t know you were getting out of the shower. “Where are Julia and your mom?” I asked.
She giggled, which surprised me. I hadn’t heard her laugh in a long time. 
“It’s okay, Sebastian, you’ve seen me in a towel before. Julia had a dentist appointment after school.” 
Oh yeah, she did tell me that, I remembered. “Yes…but, you had a bathing suit on under it.” 
“I’m sure you’ve seen a naked girl before, Sebastian.” I could hear the attitude in her voice, and THAT made me turn around. 
“What’s your problem?” 
She moved to her closet. 
“Nothing.”
Of course, good ole nothing which always meant something. 
“Come on, Oli…talk to me. You never want to talk or hang out anymore. Anytime we all do something, you always just stay in your room. Are you okay?” 
She grabbed a dress and started to put it on over her towel. How do girls do that?	“Sebastian, it’s nothing. Most of my classes are advanced. I don’t want to fall behind, that’s all.” Once her dress was fully on, she grabbed the bottom of the towel and threw it on her bed. 
“Don’t give me that. This started way before school even began. You’ve been like this for months.”
I could feel that she was ignoring me. I grabbed her hand and made her look at me.
“Please, stop ignoring me. I know the last time we were alone we left on bad terms; damn, Oli, these last few months have been awful. I miss seeing you, being with you, and having you be a part of my life. You’re my best friend and I can’t believe our relationship has evolved into what it’s become. Please, let me back in. I can’t live without you,” I said, squeezing her hand. She turned and looked down at the floor.
“Things will never be the way they used to be, Sebastian,” she whispered, her voice sounded like she was giving up and that made me pull her into a hug.
“Why don’t you call me Sebby anymore, Oli?”  
“Because, you aren’t ‘mine’ anymore. You haven’t been mine in a long time.” 
“What are you talking about? I’m right here, aren’t I?” 
“It’s not the same, Sebastian. Everything has changed, you’ve changed, Julia’s even changed…I want to go back to the way things used to be, when we used to play at the waterhole. Before everything got so complicated and confusing.” 
She moved away from me and sat on her bed. I moved to sit right beside her. 
“I’m sorry, Oli, what can I do to make it better?” She looked at me and I knew that look. I couldn’t help myself, I knew I had a girlfriend and I knew Julia could walk in on us. Oli also meant everything to me. 
I grabbed both sides of her face and closed the space between us. 
I leaned in and kissed her. At first it started innocently enough, after a couple seconds she parted her mouth and started to move her lips. Her mouth became more demanding wanting me to respond and I gently started to, which earned me a moan from her lips. She tasted like peppermint toothpaste and I couldn’t get enough. Her tongue was smooth and felt like silk. 
I started to lean forward. I wanted to feel her body beneath mine. The second I was above her, my hand started roaming. It started at her hair, and then traveled down to her face. She was writhing and moaning beneath me, enticing me to go further. My hand moved to the top of her breast and I could feel her nipple hardening. She pushed her breast further into my hand. I immediately stopped and pushed myself off her. 
“What’s wrong?” she said out of breath.
“Oli…this is wrong. I have a girlfriend, and if that’s not bad enough, Julia could walk in at any second,” I responded.
She put her hand on my chest and shook her head. “I don’t care, I want you, and I won’t say a word to anyone. I promise. We could go somewhere, anywhere.” She tried to lean in to kiss me. I pushed her away and got off the bed. 
“What?...No…Oli, I would never use you like that. Why would you think I would be okay with throwing you away like you were nothing?” 
“I...I…would never think that…I wasn’t suggesting that you would. I just…don’t care how I have you…I just want you. I’ve wanted you since the first day I met you,” she stated, getting off the bed to stand in front of me. 
“I can’t do this anymore. I can’t pretend that seeing you with that girl doesn’t kill me. I can’t pretend that being around you doesn’t affect me, and I most certainty can’t pretend that I don’t want to be with you. I don’t fucking care, Sebastian, just be with me. I know you want to. I can see it in the way you look at me, it’s exactly how you are looking at me right now.” 
“Of course…I do. You know I love you, Oli, I just never imagined that you would want more. I mean…that’s what you’re saying right? That you want to be with me? That you want us to be together?” I asked. She sighed and moved back over to the bed. 
“Yes, Sebastian. Julia would be upset at first, but she would get over it. I know she would.” 
“She wouldn’t, Oli, she would hate us.” 
“Sebby, please. I know you love her too…I don’t know in what way you do, I just know it’s there,” she hesitated. “I just want to be with you in whatever way you will have me, you’re the only guy I’ve ever kissed, and I want you to be my first. Can you at least do that for me, Sebby?”	
“I don’t think I can, Oli. I can’t be with you, and not really be with you. Do you understand?” Again, the quiet minutes went by with no talking. I willed myself to look at her and saw tears streaming down her face. It took everything I had not to comfort her.
“I’m sorry,” I said and turned and walked out of the room. 
That afternoon haunts me to this day. I can still see the hurt in her eyes. I rejected her. I let her feel that. I caused that pain. I’m not sure I will ever forgive myself for that.



Chapter 5

I sat with Julia and her parents during a very long, four hours to be precise, swim meet. Olivia was good. She was fast. I couldn’t believe how fast she skimmed across the water like a fish. I loved to watch Olivia’s swim meets, but they were long. I was never so happy to see her win the last event.
“Olivia Matthews, takes first with a 7 second lead coming in at 3 minutes 37 seconds.” Announced the broadcaster. Oli and I still hadn’t fixed things, in reality, things became worse. We still tried to put on a normal front for Julia. It didn’t stop Olivia from trying to get what she wanted. Oli was a vixen in her own right. 
After the meet, Julia ran off to talk to her friends. 
I wanted to go, because I was starving. I had forgotten how long these damn meets ran. I would have brought a snack if I had remembered. I wanted them to hurry and I had already volunteered to drive them home, so that our parents could go out for an adult dinner. 
We were stopping off at Pizza Hut, I was meeting Allie after and she was going to be calling soon. What the hell was taking Olivia so long? I had watched her teammates leave the locker room ten minutes ago.
“Where are you going, Sebastian?” Julia called from her group of friends.
“To find Oli. I’m hungry,” I called back.
I sprinted down the hall toward the girls’ locker room to drag Olivia’s ass out of there. I was going to starve to death soon.
“Olivia!” I called, banging on the door. “Olivia! What are you doing?” Olivia opened the door wearing a towel.
“Geesh, Sebby. I had to take a shower and wash the chlorine out of my hair.”
“Oh, well. Okay, you about done?” I replied, tongue-tied all of a sudden. Her towel was small it barely covered her ass. My eyes wouldn’t stop wandering down her body. I knew what was under the towel and I wanted to see. 
“Your girlfriend probably wouldn’t approve of the way you’re staring at me,” she accused.
“What do you mean?” I asked. When did she step toward me? Or did I step toward her? We were close. We were very close.
“How many more years do you think we’re going to live in denial, Sebby?” she asked. I could feel her words now.
“Denial?” I asked, just above a whisper, just before my lips met hers. God I loved kissing her, there was nothing even close to kissing Oli. I literally felt weak in the knees. It was intense. When I kissed Allie is was nothing compared to when I was kissing Oli. I knew why it didn’t feel like that, it was because my tongue belonged in Oli’s mouth. 
Her tongue belonged entwined with mine. I felt the twinge in my jeans when she moaned in my mouth. Allie never had that effect on me either. 
I nonchalantly moved away from Oli and to the side of the door, I leaned against the wall and crossed my arms when we heard the giddy girls approaching.
“What are you doing, Sebby. I thought we were all meeting for pizza. You’re starving, remember?” Julia reminded me.
“Yeah, we are. As soon as your slowpoke sister hurries up,” I said, teasingly looking at Oli who looked flushed. 
“You leave my slowpoke sister alone. I’ll get her. You both look flushed. You guys feeling okay?” she asked, opening the door to the locker room.
“Yeah, just hungry,” I lied, walking away. 
Fuck that was a close one. 
We went to dinner and Julia left to go to the movies with Robert. Oli and I drove in silence until I parked outside her driveway. I know that she heard my cell phone getting texts the whole way home, I didn’t want to answer them in front of her. It felt wrong. 
We sat there, neither of us saying anything, until the beep on my phone brought us out of our thoughts.
“Damn it, Sebastian, just answer her already!” Oli yelled. 
“I don’t want to.” 
“Does she know you’re with me?” 
“Why does it matter?” I asked, looking at her and cocking my head to the side. 
“Ugh. I’m sick of this shit! One minute you’re staring at me like you want to do something, the next minute your tongue is in my mouth and your hands all over me, and then the next we’re back to fucking ignoring each other and not talking. I can’t do this anymore.” 
“What more do you fucking want from me, Oli, I want to be with you all right! There, you fucking have it. You know I fucking want to. Goddamn it, you know it’s not easy for me. I have Julia I have to think about, you know Julia, your sister!” I shouted back. 
“Yes, I’m fully aware of the repercussions, Sebastian. She’s with Robert and I deserve to be happy too. We both do. You’re just too big of a pussy to do anything about it. You’re stringing me along and keeping me on the back burner, how would you feel if I did that to you, huh?” 
“Oli, don’t talk to me like that. Don’t talk to me like I’m a piece of shit. I’m trying to do the right fucking thing, okay. I know Julia has Robert, and I also know that it would severely hurt her if we got together. You know it as much as I do.” 
We went back to not saying anything until we heard my phone texting again.
“Go answer your girlfriend, Sebastian,” she taunted, getting out of the car and slamming the door. 
I slammed my fists into my steering wheel before putting my car in reverse and driving over to Allie’s house. 
Allie and I were lying in the bed of my truck looking up at the sky. We weren’t talking, just gazing up at the sky. I was thinking about my altercation with Oli, I couldn’t stop thinking about her body in that towel and fuck if it didn’t make me hard. The situation we had found ourselves in, was beyond fucked up. 
I hated that she was upset with me. I knew I was losing her a little more after every fight. She was right; Julia was with Robert, it didn’t matter. Julia would feel like I betrayed her if I were to be with Oli. I knew in my heart she would feel like that. As much as Julia loved Oli, she felt as though I belonged to her or something. It was like we had some sort of silent pact or some shit, we didn’t need to talk about it; it was just there. After the conversation with her that afternoon, I knew it was a warning for what would happen if Oli and I would ever get together. 
“Sebastian.” Allie said, taking me away from my thoughts. 
“Mmm hmm.” 
“Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I’m just preoccupied with something.” 
“Can I help?” 
“No you can’t, thanks for offering. How was practice?” 
“Oh it went amazing! I’m in the lead for captain next year.”  
“That’s great, babe.” 
“So…I was thinking…maybe we could celebrate,” she taunted as she climbed over to straddle me. 
“Oh yeah, what did you have in mind?” 
“Well you know…I heard some of the girls talking the other day. They were talking about their boyfriends trying something on them and I thought maybe we could try.” 
“What exactly did you have in mind?” 
“Well, it’s not really something I would do to you. I still think that you would enjoy it though.” 
“What are you inkling for, babe?” I questioned as I grabbed onto her hips while she circled her hips on my dick. 
“I’ve done it to you before, now maybe it could be my turn.” 
Was she thinking what I think she was thinking? I had heard the guys talk about it after practice. Could I do that? I thought I wanted to try, just to see. 
I quickly turned her around so that I was on top of her and she was beneath me. I knew Allie loved it when I took charge. 
“Are you asking me, if I want to lick your pussy?” 
“Yes,” she moaned in response. Allie was never a shy girl, I had learned a lot, about what girls wanted in bed from her. I also learned a lot about my sexuality with her, I loved talking dirty and being in control. 
“Yeah…babe. I would love to try that, spread your legs for me.” She did as I asked and I pulled down her skirt and panties. I was grateful I had chosen to park my car in an empty field where we couldn’t be seen. 
I had seen Allie naked lots of times, having a naked girl in front of you never got old. I pulled her shirt off and she quickly removed her bra. She laid back down and seductively looked at me. 
“Your turn, take off your clothes.”
“Later,” I stated. 
Her hand grabbed the back of my neck and her lips found mine. I instantly thought of Oli, fuck, I couldn’t think of Oli. I needed to stop thinking of Oli. 
I kissed her back with as much passion as I could muster. I knew it was fucked up, I thought of Olivia when my hand found her pussy. She was already wet for me. 
My mouth went to her left nipple and I sucked on it until it was a hard pebble. I did the same to the right one, and then licked my way to her bellybutton. 
Having no clue what I was doing, I was nervous. Her sounds and movements dictated what move I would make next. You can always tell the difference in a girl’s moans if she likes what you’re doing or not. 
As I moved my way to her pussy, I could feel her trembling. I moved my fingers and brought them to my mouth. Her eyes went wide when she saw what I was doing. She tasted like something that I can't explain. I'm not sure there is a word to describe the true taste of a female. I liked it though. I fucking loved the taste of her pussy. It was addicting and I wanted more. 
I moved my tongue to lick from her slit to her clit and she breathlessly moaned. 
“Tell me what feels good, babe. I want this to be good for you,” I urged. 
“Keep doing that, it feels the best when you’re at the top.” 
“You mean right there,” I said as I licked her clit.
“Yes…yes…right there. Lick me right there.” 
“Just lick? How about this?” I teased as I took her clit into my mouth. I nipped on it with my teeth at first and then brought my lips around the sensitive bud and sucked. 
She weakened, and whimpered underneath me. 
“Put your hands in my hair, babe. Move my head in the direction that feels best for you.” I felt her hands go into my hair and fuck if it didn’t turn me on even more. 
I buried my mouth on her clit once more, and she pulled my hair to move left, then right, and then up and down. 
I licked her opening and then moved to her clit again. 
“Put your finger inside me, Sebastian,” she breathed out desperately. I took my middle finger and eased it inside. I pumped in and out of her, gentle at first, and then more demanding. 
“Keep sucking on me. Do what you were doing before.” 
I continued my assault on her clit, while I finger fucked her g-spot. 
“Harder,” she insisted. 
I groaned and moved my mouth harder and faster, while I pushed into her. Her legs started shaking and her back arched. 
“Oh fuck, Sebastian…don’t stop…don’t stop.” 
I felt her walls tightening on my finger and clit becoming more swollen. Stimulating her with light licks until the hood of her clit was drawn back and all I felt was a nub, I sucked on it until I heard her carelessly scream my name. 
I quickly undressed myself, barely giving her time to recover. I grabbed the condom from my wallet and shielded myself.
“Get on your knees, babe.” She did as she was told and I urgently and forcefully grabbed on to her hips. I don’t remember ever being so hard, I subconsciously knew it was because I was thinking of Olivia. 
I began thrusting into her so fast that she almost fell forward. 
“I’m going to fuck you so hard,” I said and she moaned in response. I pushed and pulled on her hips, gliding her on my cock until I felt her so deep. She tightened around me, I never thought I would be that turned on by going down on a girl.
“Are you close? I don’t know if I can hold on any longer. Touch yourself, make yourself come on my cock.” I felt her fingers below and it only took moments until she was trembling from her orgasm. I plunged in one more time and found my own release. 
We both fell over exhausted and looking at the sky. I couldn’t help, but wonder if that would have felt different with Olivia. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I was a nervous wreck not knowing what I was about to get myself into, what I was expected to look like, or even wear. For the first time in my life, I was like one of those high school girls I never understood; who cared about what other people thought and always wanted to make an impression. I did the only thing I knew how to do. I pretended to have my shit together. Fake it until you make it…right?
 I chose a slinky white dress that clung to all of my curves, showed lots of leg, and cleavage. The back of the dress hung low, which meant I couldn’t wear a bra. If it got chilled, my nipples would be at attention. For some reason, I thought it was perfect. I put on a pair of nude heels, wore my hair up with a few pieces falling around my face, added some light makeup, a necklace, and long dangling earrings. 
I pulled up to a house that looked more like a small resort than a home. My heart was pounding and I felt nervous, excited, and anxious all at the same time. It was rare for me to feel like that. I didn’t burn like that. It wasn’t how I was conditioned. 
Promptly ringing the bell at 2:55 p.m., I was let in by an older man. 
“Ysabelle Telle,” he acknowledged. 
I didn’t remember telling her my last name. I nodded anyway.
“Please, come in. Follow me,” he ordered politely. 
I walked into a beautiful foyer, probably the size of my entire apartment. A beautiful chrome-finished crystal chandelier hung above my head. Two of the most elegant stairwells flowed elegantly to the marble floors opposite of each other. I followed the older gentleman toward the right and into a sitting room. The room looked exquisite. White leather couches sat face to face with a glass table in the middle. Beautifully designed mirrors hung on one wall, while the other three were meticulously covered in classic paintings.
 I couldn’t help but notice how the room had a certain aura about it. It felt as if I was about to make a deal with the devil. While I waited for something to happen, I sat down on the soft leather sofa, admiring the granite fireplace. I remember wondering why there would be a fireplace in a Miami home. As soon as the thought occurred, the fireplace turned on with the sound of a click. I spun around to see the older woman standing in red slacks and a white collared button down shirt, that was slightly open exposing subtle cleavage. She looked amazing, so put together, and perfect, not one hair out of place, or make-up smudged. I felt cheap in my dress.
“Bella Rosa, I’m happy you could make it. Did you have any trouble finding the place?” she asked.
“No, I didn’t. I have navigation in my car. It actually led me right to your home.” She laughed a little at my reply and proceeded to sit across from me on the opposite couch. 
“Hector, can you please get us some Dom Pérignon Rosé 2002?” she requested from the man who had shown me in. He nodded and excused himself.
“You look extremely nervous, Bella Rosa. Where is the confident woman that I admired from the bar? That is the woman I would like to speak to,” she said and I smiled. I wonder what gave me away. Could it have been my right knee bouncing, or could she hear the beat of my overly active heart?
“You know, beautiful girl, I have been following you around for quite some time. You have several men and women who are very taken by you.” That took me by surprise. She was following me? 
“That night at the bar was the first time I had ever seen you,” I assured her.
“It was the first time I allowed myself to be seen. I realize that you like your privacy, which is something I admire and respect. You don’t have many friends. They’re more like acquaintances, another trait that I look for. You wear your sexuality on your sleeve, and unlike most women, you know that when you walk into a room, people turn. You thrive on that attention, which I admire also.” 
She curiously asked, “Although, I am concerned about your boss. Is Devon going to be a problem?”
“Not at all.” 
“Well then, I am sure you’re wondering why I asked you to my home today. I want to begin by saying that you look beautiful. Almost, like a sacrificial lamb in that white dress. Is that what you think this is, Bella Rosa, am I the big bad wolf? Are you trying to tell me you’re an innocent, little virgin?” I didn’t say anything. I didn’t know what to say.
“You know, I’m not fond of this cat and mouse game, I feel like you’re playing with me. You are free to speak your mind, ask me anything you would like to know.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Why am I here?”
“Hmmm direct, I like that about you. You don’t like to putter around; you want to get to the point and that’s that. In my line of work, that’s a very good quality to have. Would you like to know what I do?”
 I nodded again. She thought I was direct? Really? 
“I am a Madam. Do you know what that is, Bella Rosa?” she asked and I shook my head no.
“Well…it’s a French word for a lady. It could also mean queen, or a mistress, or it could mean a woman who owns a brothel. Do you know what that is?”
I looked down at my lap. “Like a place of prostitution?” 
“Tsk, tsk, tsk, prostitution is such an ugly word, and it’s highly illegal,” she said in a high pitched voice. 
“What I run here is very much a legitimate business. I pay my taxes like any other American citizen. Nevertheless, I’d like you to call this place a Cathouse, I have some very important high society sets of clientele, who are looking for only the best. My little black book is filled with names from all around the world; politicians, celebrities, sheiks, princes, kings, doctors, men, and women, all looking for the same thing.” She cocked her head to side, “You name it and I probably have it. My place of business provides services of all kinds, Bella Rosa, not just sexual. We provide companionship, you escort a client for a duration of time and they pay.” 
“Ok…what does that have to do with me?” I asked. Yes, of course, she had my interest piqued.
“It has absolutely everything to do with you, Bella Rosa. You are what makes me so successful. You could be powerful! Do you know what kind of power you hold with that tight little thing between your legs?” 
My mind was racing. I couldn’t process everything that was happening all around me. It was as if I was having an out of body experience. My mind wasn’t processing what I heard her say as fast as I would have liked. I stood up and walked over to the fireplace. Just thinking to myself, I stood there for a few seconds wondering what she was implying for me. I turned when I heard the clicks of heels coming up behind me. I think I may have frozen when I felt the tip of one finger stroll up and down my spine. I swallowed the saliva that was building in my mouth.
“Bella Rosa, do you understand what I am telling you? I want you. I want you more than I have ever wanted any other woman.” 
I was too frightened to turn around. The saliva that had been building in my mouth was now a lump in my throat. 
“You want to fuck me?” I asked nervously.
“Yes I do, not for the reasons that you think.” While still rubbing my back she kissed the left side of my neck. “I want to fuck you in order to teach you.” She kissed the center of my neck. “I want to fuck you to please you.” She kissed the right side. “I want to fuck you to taste you.” She whispered in my ear, “More than anything, I want to fuck you…to make you.”
I closed my eyes, trying to soak in her words. 
“Make me what?” I managed to ask.
Moving her fingers from my back, she cupped my chin, beckoning me to turn toward her. I did. She looked deep into my eyes and spoke with more conviction than I had ever witnessed. 
 “I want to make you a VIP.”


<>*<>S<>*<>


Allie and I broke up shortly after the school year ended. We both agreed that we didn’t want to start our senior year with anything holding us back, when it came down to deciding what colleges we would attend. It wasn’t a hard decision. I was far from devastated. Olivia and I still remained more distant. I didn’t see her often and when I did it was brief. 
I saw her washing her mom’s car when I was jogging down her street one afternoon, it wasn’t a coincidence. I would run down their street often, just in case I could get the opportunity to talk to her. 
My eyes gazed over to her short, gray cotton shorts and white t-shirt that she had tied to show off her midriff. She saw me, and stopped spraying the car with the hose.
“That’s nice of you to be washing your mom’s car.” 
“Yeah…it’s going to be mine, when I turn sixteen.”
“Really? Julia hadn’t told me.” 
“We discussed it last night. They’re going to get her a new car. I didn’t care about even having one, but they insisted I needed something,” she said as she nervously played with the knob of the hose. 
“I bet Julia’s excited about that.”
“You know Julia, she loves buying anything,” she chuckled, “they all just left to go browse around for one.”
“How have you been?” I asked while walking over to her to grab the hose. 
“I’m good,” she replied, watching me hose the soapsuds off the car. 
“You don’t have to do that.” 
“I know. I want to,” I stated.
I was trying to distract myself from having an argument. It seemed like every time we were alone lately we fought. I just wanted to be around my best friend. I couldn’t even explain how much I missed her. 
“Julia told me you and Allie broke up?” she admitted. 
“Mmm hmm.” 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” 
“I haven’t really gotten the opportunity to. You haven’t really been accessible, you know with avoiding me and all.” I smirked as I glanced up at her. 
She cocked her head to the side and put her hands on her hips, “Here I thought you were the one that was avoiding me. Thanks for clarifying that, Sebby,” she teased. 
I noticed that she had called me Sebby. I missed hearing that name from her lips. I didn’t want our flirty banter to stop. Before I even realized what I was doing, I squeezed the trigger of the hose and misted her face with water. 
She gasped in surprise, and quickly ran to the bucket of soapy water. She grabbed the sponge and threw it in my direction. She usually had terrible aim, except this time; it smacked me right in the face. 
“Oh…you’re going to get it.” I groaned as I ran to her.
 She took off with the bucket in her hands around the car. I squeezed the trigger of the hose soaking her as I was running to catch her. She was laughing and it was slowing down her running. Suddenly, she turned around, threw the bucket of water in my direction, and soaking me right back. She fell forward laughing by the surprised look on my face, and I took the opportunity to lift her over my shoulder. She was squirming, wiggling, and laughing so hard that I lost my footing on the grass and we both fell over.  
I caught myself before falling on top of her and crushing her with my body weight. We were both laughing hysterically. When I realized that I could see that she wasn’t wearing a bra, I stopped. Her nipples were hard and I could see them through her soaked white shirt. I looked back up to her face and she was grinning at me. 
I bent my mouth forward and kissed the top of her nipple. She moaned and I wanted nothing more than to take it in my mouth. I kissed my way up her chest and to her neck. I didn’t care that we were in her front yard, I was still thankful that the car was blocking us from view. 
“Nobody will be home for hours, Sebby, let’s go to my room,” she stated in a husky voice. 
I pushed up from her and she caught both my arms. 
“We aren’t going to my room are we?” she panted and I shook my head. 
“Why? Why can’t you give me what I want? I know you want me. I can feel that you want me right now, Sebby. Why can’t it be you?”
“Because, Oli, it wouldn’t be right. I can’t do that. I can’t take something from you and then just walk away. It would be ten times harder than it is right now. You know it would be. We are barely talking as it is. Can you imagine what it would be like if we were to sleep together? I can’t lose you completely,” I said and she sighed and turned her face away from me. 
I stood up and grabbed her hand to help her up and she let me. As soon as we were both standing, she put her arms around my neck and pressed her body to mine. I was shocked that she embraced me this way, and I immediately put my arms around her. 
“I love you,” she whispered. 
“I love you, too,” I repeated. 




Chapter 6

<>*<>Y<>*<>

What do I even say to that encounter? It was one of the most erotic, sensual, and frightening experiences of my life. I went home that evening, lay in my bed, and stared at the ceiling of my bedroom for hours. I thought about my life, my life as a child, an adolescent, and as an adult. In that moment, I realized that I had never experienced any normal things growing up. I never enjoyed my life, and the only time I ever felt true happiness and at peace was when I was using my body. I don’t know what that makes me. 
Does it make me a bad person, or does it just make me, me?
I thought about my mother for the first time in two years; where she was, if she was alive, or if she was happy. Was she ever happy? Did she feel the same thrill that I did when she was with her Johns, is that why she couldn’t stop doing it? Is that why she sold herself every day? Because, it’s the only time she felt whole? Am I the way that I am, because of my mother? 
Kids grow up to want to be like their parents every day. Did she influence my desires? Would I have been different if my upbringing would have been normal? If I would have had two loving parents? I asked myself an endless amount of questions that night and I cried, for the first time in a long time. I cried for everything in my past, my present, and I even cried for the future. I cried for the little girl who had to grow up too fast, and I cried for the woman that I wanted to be. In that moment, I decided that I would embrace this, like I did everything else. I wanted the control, and with that I would get power. I could do this.
I could become a VIP. 
I woke the next morning with puffy eyes and a smile on my face. I can’t really explain it, I felt rejuvenated, if you will, like I was turning a new page in my life. I reached for the card and my phone on my nightstand and dialed. 
“Good morning, Madam Residence.” 
“Good morning, is Madam available?” I replied.
“Please hold.” I waited for the longest time, at least that’s what it felt like. 
“Bella Rosa,” she said. I was caught off guard that she knew it was me. I didn’t say anything.
“Are you there?” she asked. I still couldn’t say anything.
“My Bella Rosa, I can hear you breathing, my beautiful girl.” My mouth had become dry and I swallowed what little saliva I had. My renewed sense of well-being had just been squashed and replaced with a serious case of nerves.
“I’m here…I thought about it last night and I want to do this,” I blurted out before I had time to change my mind and hang up on her. I hesitated briefly, trying to regain my confidence. “I know that I could make you proud.” I imagined her smiling on the other end. 
“I know that you can, too. I never had any doubts. Do you work tonight?” she asked.
“I quit, before I came to see you yesterday.”
“As I knew you would. I’ll see you at six this evening.” 
And with that she hung up. I put down my phone and breathed out the air that I didn’t realize I was still holding. I had felt awful quitting on Devon, he didn’t put up a fight or ask why. A part of me thinks that he knew, not what I was about to do, just that my life was missing something. I know he didn’t want to hold me back. He wished me good luck and scheduled a dinner for us the following week. 
I got off my bed and walked over to my full-length mirror. I stared at my naked body, pulling the hair from my face. I started to trace the outline of my pouty lips, and the tip of my tongue glided behind my fingertips. I sucked on my finger all the way to the knuckle and moaned. I took that same finger and traced from my neck to both my collarbones, leaving a trail of my saliva behind. In the mirror it almost looked like it was glowing. I repeated the same process with my other hand, except this time I touched my nipple, lightly at first. Then, with my thumb and index finger, I pulled on it, which again made me moan. I rubbed my breast with one hand, while the other slowly treaded toward my bellybutton. Using the tips of my fingers, I circled it.
My hand moved toward the top of my pussy and I stroked the lining of my labia. I was wet. In order to make circles around my clit, I took two fingers and separated my folds. The little bundle of nerves caused me to feel hot and warm inside. My touch was light, and then it became harder and faster, more urgent. I moaned even louder, it was shameless. I had to put my other hand on the wall for support. I moved my fingers from my clit to the opening of my pussy and pushed in hard, which made me moan even louder. I loved to fuck myself, the harder I was, the harder I would come. Pushing in and out of my pussy, I made a come here motion with my fingers as I pushed harder and harder on the rigid walls of my g-spot. Beginning to breath heavier, I knew I was close, my legs trembled and my lower abdomen became tighter and tighter. 
“Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, right there.”
I looked at my face in the mirror and watched my eyes roll to the back of my head, while I came all over my fingers. I came so hard that I dripped all over my fingers and on the carpet. I slowly began to return to my normal breathing, then I brought my fingers to my mouth, and licked them clean. 
“I can do this,” I told myself. I smiled, and turned toward the shower to get ready for tonight. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


My senior year was fast approaching. We had three more weeks until school was back in full session again. I had spent a lot time looking at what colleges I wanted to start applying to. I even took SAT and ACT prep courses this past month. I was eager to get the whole standardized testing thing behind me. 
Julia and Robert parted ways and Julia didn’t even seem fazed by it. We still remained best friends. We always would. It was inevitable. 
Olivia and I, on the other hand, were still distant from each other. I hated the distance between us, and wondered if it would ever be any different. 
Our parents were having their annual end of the summer barbeque. Olivia was in the pool swimming laps, trying to get back in shape for the new season. Julia and I, were sitting under the canopy, I was doing SAT prep, and she was reading a magazine. 
She suddenly slammed down her magazine. “What the hell happened with you and Oli, Sebby?” 
“What are you talking about, Babygirl?” 
“Oh come on! I’m not stupid. You guys barely even look at each other, let alone speak to one another. What happened?” 
I wanted to avoid having this discussion at all costs. What was I supposed to say?
Oh…you know, Julia, she wanted me to take her virginity and I rejected her. Oh…and we’ve also been secretly kissing and groping each other for years, and to top it all off, we want to be together.
 Nope, wasn’t going there, no way in hell was I going there.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. We’re both just busy.” I looked back at Olivia. “Oli!” I shouted, she turned and looked at me. “Do you want something to drink?” I asked.
“No, I’m good. Thanks.” She went back to swimming.
I turned to Julia. “See…” saying it with a grin.
“Ugh…that was pathetic. If you think that’s going to shut me up you’re dead wrong, Sebastian,” she argued.
“I know that, because you don’t ever shut up,” I said. She grabbed her magazine and hit me on the head.
“That was rude! Seriously…what’s going on between you two? You’ve barely said more than a handful of words to each other all year. We’re all ‘supposed’ to be best friends, and our tripod is lacking two people.” 
“Really…our tripod, like…for real?” I said with my ditsiest demeanor.
“Ugh, fine if you’re going to be a dick.” She abruptly stood to leave.
“Stop…” I said, grabbing her arm and jerking her back to sit down. “You’re right, I’m being an asshole, I’m sorry.” I placed my arm around her shoulders. “Nothing is going on. Besides, like you haven’t enjoyed just having me to yourself these last few months. I know you have!” I said, kissing her cheek and she rolled her eyes at me.
“Don’t flatter yourself, Sebby. You’re the one that has enjoyed it just being the two of us again. Maybe that’s why you and Oli aren’t talking anymore, because you… wanted me all to yourself, huh?” she responded in a girly squeal. 
“You hit it right on the money, Babygirl.” I kissed the top of her head and couldn’t help myself, I looked over at Olivia, who was staring right at us. She gave me a sad smile and dipped her head back in the pool. 
“Oh…Sebby…” Julia said, bringing my attention right back to her. “What am I going to do when you leave for college next year?” 
“You’re going to miss me like crazy, until I come back to visit.” I once again kissed the top of her head.
“Are you really going to go away? I mean…you know the commute to UM is only thirty minutes and it has an amazing marketing program.” I could hear the optimism in her voice.
“I’m leaving all my options open, Babygirl. I don’t want to make you a promise I can’t keep.” 
She took a deep breath. “I know Sebby, I don’t ever want to lose you. You’re my best friend, and it would kill me if we weren’t to remain that way. I have known you my entire life, we’re supposed to get married at Disney World and have two babies named Ren and Stimpy…remember?” she stated, reminding me of our childhood pact. 
“You won’t, that I can promise you.” Looking back over at Olivia, I knew I made the right choice. 


Senior prom was finally here and our parents had insisted that I take the girls to my last high school event. I had rented a tux and bought them white orchid corsages.  
I finished getting ready just as the limo was there to pick me up. My parents waited down stairs to drive over to the Matthews to take a fuck load of pictures, I was sure. 
I made my way downstairs and my mom began to get teary eyed. 
“Oh my God, Sebastian, you look so handsome. I can’t believe my baby boy is a man and going to college in a few months,” she wept.
“Oh come on, honey. Get it together, you’re going to see him all the time. He’s still our son and we will visit each other,” my dad affirmed, putting his arm around my mom to comfort her. 
“Mom, please don’t cry, you know I hate it when you cry,” I interjected, pulling her into a hug. “I love you and I’ll always be your son.” 
After taking way too many pictures, we rode over to the Matthews. I was nervous for all of us to be together tonight. It had been a long time since we were like this. 
I exited the limo and their front door opened to Julia walking right out. Her hair was pinned up with messy curls and some of them were in her face, she was wearing a black gown that was fitted until her ribs, and then flowed loosely to the ground. Her cleavage was more exposed than I would have liked, but she looked amazing. 
“You look beautiful, Babygirl,” I praised as she walked over to me. 
“You don’t look so bad yourself, handsome,” she boasted as she leaned in to kiss my cheek. 
“I came out here to tell you that my parents have lost their minds and expect to take a million pictures before we are allowed to leave.” 
“Oh yeah. Wait until my parents get here. It will be a shit show. Where’s Oli?” 
“She’s still getting ready. She’s almost done.” She grabbed my hand and we walked back in together just as my parents were pulling up. 
Julia and I took pictures together while we waited for Oli. Our mothers were both fussing over us. I had seen my mom weep more tears this year than ever before. Both of them were a blubbering mess and our dads just stood back and laughed. 
I heard the clicking of heels on the hardwood floor and turned around to Oli walking toward us. 
I had never seen her look more gorgeous. She was dressed in a light yellow gown that was perfectly fitted to her body down to her knees and then subtly flowed out. Her hair was curled and tied to the left side of her face. I had never seen her wear so much make up before. The black eyeliner she wore just accented her bright green eyes even more. She was breathtaking. 
“Wow, Oli…” I stammered as she smiled shyly. 
They took more pictures and then some more after that. I eagerly pushed both girls out the door and into the limo, having had enough already. 
Oli moved to the other side of the limo and Julia sat beside me. It didn’t surprise me that Oli would choose to sit as far away from me as possible, it’s what we did, avoid the fact that we were emotionally connected, and hope it would go away on its own. 
Prom was ridiculously cliché, from the decorations to the music. I was ready to leave an hour after we got there. The girls, however, seemed to be enjoying themselves. Julia took my hand and pulled me onto the dance floor, I held her close as we slow danced, I wanted her to be happy. 
I caught Olivia’s glare from the corner of the room. She looked sad and I hated it. I wanted to go pull her into my arms and hold her this way. Julia kissed my neck and I inadvertently kissed her forehead. 
I turned to look at Olivia again and watched as she was leaving the room. 
The song ended and I excused myself by saying I was going to the restroom. I followed the way that Olivia was leaving. The banquet hall was massive, I had no idea where she could have went to. 
I was about ready to give up, when I saw the small frame of a shadow outside by the lake.  
I stopped myself from coming too close to her, afraid of what would happen if I did. 
“You know, don’t you?” she inquired. 
“Know what?” I hesitated. 
“You know she’s been in love with you since before I was even around. I think a part of you loves her too.”
 “I do-”
“No, Sebastian. I know what you’re going to say. You love her, blah, blah, blah…I’m saying I think a part of your heart belongs to her, and it always has. That’s why it’s so hard for you to be with me. It would be like the ultimate betrayal to her, she doesn’t care if you are with someone else, just as long as it’s not me. In her mind, if I had you she would lose you. Am I right?”
“Oli…” I whispered.
She turned around to look at me, “Am I fucking right?” 
“I don’t know how to answer that. I’ve never been more fucking confused in all my life. My whole life was consumed with Julia until you came along, and then my life became consumed with both of you. You each have a piece of my heart in one way or another. I would die or kill for both of you. All I know is that ever since I first laid eyes on you, I’ve wanted you. We have had this connection. This pull to one another that neither one of us can stop,” I expressed. 
“It kills me to know that I am hurting you. It would kill me just the same if I hurt Julia. That’s the truth, Oli, that’s all of it. I’m a selfish asshole. You deserve so much better than what I can offer you, but it makes me physically ill to think of you in someone else’s arms. I can’t let you go, and I can’t hurt her. I’m fucked; either way you look at it, one of you is hurting.”
The door opened and we both looked back at it.
“Hey, what are you guys doing back here?” Julia asked.
“Nothing. My feet hurt and I came out here to take a break.” Oli explained. 
“Oli, I told you that you had to walk around in them to break them in, you wouldn’t listen,” she chuckled.
“I know, let’s go back inside. Proms almost over.” 
“Angel is having an after party at his house. I told him we were going,” Julia suggested as we walked past her.
We went to the party and Olivia kept her distance from me. I tried to get her alone more than once and she just avoided me at all costs. It was evident that our relationship would never be the same after that night. I needed to accept that, although I didn’t know it would change the course of our lives.


<>*<>Y<>*<>


To say that I was a bundle of nerves would have been an understatement. I’d felt so many emotions the last few days that I was beginning to not recognize myself. I approached the door, the same as I had the day before, five minutes early, at 5:55 p.m. I rang the doorbell, took a deep breath, waited, and told myself to relax. The same man named Hector opened the door.
“Ysabelle, Madam is already waiting for you. Please, follow me.” He stepped aside to allow me to walk in. I figured she would be waiting for me in the same sitting room as the day before, to my surprise he began to walk upstairs. 
“This way, Ysabelle,” he directed. 
While trying to control my breathing, I followed him up the stairs. He walked into a room that looked like an office. The first thing that caught my attention was the camera stand set up in the corner of the room, and lying on the couch was a white, silk robe. The room was surrounded with beautiful lighting, while the walls were lined with shelves and shelves of books. A desk with two leather wing back chairs sat in the corner. Massive white leather divans faced opposite of each other with a black granite table separating them in the middle of the room. A chilled bottle of champagne with three glasses sat on the shiny back table. I wondered why there were three glasses, I didn’t ask. I was wondering a lot of things at the moment. My eyes instantly veered back to the camera and my heart fluttered faster. What the hell was that for?
“Bella Rosa…” I turned around and saw Madam. She was dressed in a black pantsuit, fitted perfectly to her body. She gestured to the settee. 
“Please, make yourself comfortable and sit wherever you feel at ease.” 
I moved to the couch in the middle, she moved to sit opposite me on the other side, and handed me a glass of champagne. I couldn’t help but be reminded that this was the way we sat the day before. 
“You’re nervous, darling. I can feel it all the way over here. Please, don’t be nervous, nothing is going to happen that you don’t want to happen. You need to remember, that you run the show, Bella Rosa. I am a mere spectator.” I downed my glass of champagne in one gulp. 
“Why is there a camera set up?” I blurted out. She cocked a smile at me.
“You are an eager little thing, aren’t you? Before we talk about that, let’s talk about the logistics. By you coming here today, you have agreed to move forward with my proposition, I assume?”
“Yes,” I replied. Why else would I be uncomfortably sitting here?
“All right then, let me begin by explaining how all of this works, Bella Rosa. Oh, and please feel free to interrupt me at any time if you have questions.” 
She moved to sit right beside me, brushed the hair off my shoulders, and held both of my hands in her lap. It was almost a mothering feeling when she did this. It was weird and comforting all at the same time. 
“I would be your Madam. The most important thing that you need to remember is that you never discuss anything about being a VIP to anyone. This is a legal business, I require the utmost discretion from my girls.”
“How many girls do you have?” I asked.
“You would be my lucky number eight,” she replied. “I would have complete control over what you do and whom you are with. My clients contact me and I choose the woman that I feel is best suited. You would be with both men and women, sometimes it would be a party of two, and sometimes it would be more. All of my clients are tested to make sure they are healthy and safe. Condoms are not permitted, and you would be put on birth control.” I stopped her. She told me I could if I had questions; I had questions.
“Why aren’t condoms permitted?” 
 “Because, my beautiful girl, some of our clientele have relationships…we are not here to judge; to each their own. Given that most of our clientele are men, they can be rather…how do I see say this…careless. I don’t want drama. I avoid it at any given costs. Therefore, not having to worry about any hiccups such as a condom left in a pocket, makes things run smoother, don’t you think?” I nodded again.
 “I use the Depo-Provera shot on all of my girls, which is the most effective type of birth control. You would get it done every three months, here in my home. I take care of all of it. I don’t like to mess around with the possibilities of forgetting to take a pill, it keeps the clients and I at ease. I also take care of everything that you need; your clothing, shoes, jewelry, transportation, food, and living expenses. I give you your own personal credit card, which you’re allotted a certain expense each month for your private things. You would immediately be moving into one of my condos, this is your home, and clients do not come to your sanctuary. The meeting arrangements are pre-determined.” She stopped herself, almost knowing that I would have something to say. I did. I worked my little ass off, flirting with idiots to get what I had earned. I wasn’t sure how I felt about someone taking it away from me.
“I have my own place and my own things. Why can’t I just continue as I am and only use your things when needed?”
She had the most heartfelt look on her face.
“I am your Madam, and with that comes my responsibility to take care of you. I wasn’t lying when I said I am a mother figure to my girls. I feel more comfortable knowing that you are kept up to the standards that I feel that you deserve and are entitled to. Do you understand?”
“My lease on my apartment is still good for another eight months and what would I do with all my furniture and my car?”
“Those are easy things to handle. Learn now beautiful girl, that money talks in all languages, so let me worry about that. You worry about nothing,” she smiled.
All I could do was hope that my new dwellings were as comfortable as I had made my apartment. It was done. I had already quit my job, not that I couldn’t persuade Devon to give it right back to me. He would. I knew he would, but that would just lead me back to the empty feeling I hadn’t been able to shake over the past few months. I needed this. I was doing this, whatever this was…I’m not sure I still fully understood. I mean, I guess I did. I knew what she was insinuating. I think.
“You are absolutely gorgeous, therefore there won’t be much need for a makeover, but we will be scheduling one anyway. You will be waxed, polished, and primed. A diet plan will be established, as well as a workout regimen that you will follow extensively,” she said all of this so persuasively, as if we were discussing something so common.
“Keep in mind that not all of the dates will be sexual, it all depends on the wants and needs of the client. It could vary from being arm candy for the night to a week away on business, to just a good ole fashion orgy. The cost for you would vary again on what the want and need is from the client. All prices are pre-established, and profits are split evenly between you and I. I tell you what is expected and you follow. There are times when the clients seize the moment and arrangements change, pricing changes after that as well. You let me worry about that. It’s all very simple, Bella Rosa. The more you learn the easier it will be for you. Within time, you can determine your own pricing and desires.”
“Ok…how much does a blowjob cost?” I asked.
She laughed so hard that it echoed in the room. 
“My beautiful girl, blowjob, really? Oral sex, as you so articulately called a blowjob is not what this about. You aren’t rented per hour in a Motel Six, Ysabelle. You’re not a whore, you’re an escort. You need to realize that you, my dear, are a treasured jewel, not some slut sucking cock. The clients have you for an allotted time and if sex is requested then you will always be pampered and treated like a queen. My clients know how to treat a lady. You will never feel degraded or cheap. You have the authority, you run the show, you govern the room, you hold the power…do I make myself clear?” 
“Yes,” I replied, feeling a little more at ease and a lot more excited about my new endeavor.
“To answer your question so eloquently put, nothing costs less than $5,000, Bella Rosa.”
 I choked on my champagne and she handed me a napkin. 
“$5,000?! Are you for real?” I stuttered. “How…why…what…? Why would anyone pay that much?” That was really shocking to me. I was baffled that anyone in their right mind would pay this. Don’t girls give it up pretty easily nowadays? I know that they did at the bar. 
“Because they can. You need to get into the mindset that this is not your average run of the mill man or woman. This… my darling, is a craving for, wanting the best, which is you. I know that you know you’re stunning, let’s stop playing coy, okay? I am very good at what I do, that’s why I am the best, and I’m not just referring to Miami. I am the best all over the world. I know how to pick my girls, this isn’t a sorority that anyone can pledge to, and I chose you…”
 I looked down at my lap. She grabbed my chin and made me look back up at her.
“With the training that you will receive, you will be unstoppable, you have no idea what success awaits, and I cannot wait to witness it,” she leaned over and whispered in my ear. 
“You’re going to be my favorite.” She smiled, kissing my cheek. Damn, she smelled good. 
“To be quite honest they pay a lot more than $5,000. That is the minimum, it changes with the want or need. You hold the power and control of every date. The clients are aware of this, if something happens that is not supposed to, or you do not want to happen, trust me when I say that I will handle it. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING, goes over my head. You will never be in harm’s way. You will always be safe, do not fret over that. You do not discuss your personal life, or whom you have been with. Discretion is mandatory on all accounts. You are whoever you would like to be for that night, a seductress in her own way. Any other questions?” I shook my head no. I had a million questions. I just couldn’t seem to get them to filter enough to make any sense. 
“You need to stop being so nervous. I need the cat to stop grabbing your tongue. I need to see the strong confident woman that I have appraised from afar. Do you understand?”
“Yes I do, I don’t know what is going on with me. I am normally very comfortable with my surroundings and myself. I’m just very overwhelmed with everything that is going on, I think. I know that I can do this though.” 
“I know you can, too. I have full faith in you. Are you nervous, because you think I’m going to pry for information about your past? As you know, I am well aware of your past, your present, and your future.” She raised an eyebrow at me. 
“I think it can go unsaid that I am a very powerful woman, Bella Rosa. Have peace of mind to know that there is nothing you need to tell me that I don’t already know. I did a background check on you, both legal and personal. I know all about your past, it doesn’t ever need to be discussed. Let’s bury it; from this day forward, you are now anything you want to be, my beautiful girl.” She pecked me on the lips and moved over to the camera set up. At that very moment I felt liberated. 
“Now that we have established a comradery, how about I answer your question from earlier,” she suggested. “This camera set up is for you, darling,” she smiled. “Well…not just for you, it’s for you, and Brooke.”
As soon as she said the name, a beautiful blonde, blue-eyed goddess walked into the room. I actually caught my breath. She had a slender physique with legs that went for miles. Her face resembled something out of a Vogue magazine. She was wearing the same silk robe that was lying on the couch, only hers was black. I could tell that she was naked under that robe and her nipples were hard as stones. She sat right next to me and poured herself a glass of champagne, and refilled my glass. 
“Ysabelle, this is Brooke. She is another one of my beautiful girls, she has been with me for almost four years now. You two will make friends. You will essentially make friends with the all the women, however, tonight she will be an instructor for you.” Brooke took her glass and handed me mine. Clinking her glass with mine, she smiled and took a sip. I did the same. 
“She is going to teach you how to please your clients. The camera is going to record this scene in order for you to watch what you look like when you’re with a client. It will be sort of a tutorial that you can study and grow from. Brooke is very good at what she does. She is actually one of my top girls.” She turned to Brooke. 
“Brooke, baby, will you go get that robe.” Brooke slid from the couch to retrieve it. 
“I know that Brooke is a woman, and although we have mostly men clients we also have a few women. Plus you know how men work…a threesome is a very popular demand.” They both snickered at that statement, Madam moved back to sit behind me. 
“Now, I also want you to learn how to be with a man. It will be crucial for your success. I know you have only been with one sexual partner, by the way, it makes me so proud that you would sacrifice yourself for such a good cause. Poor boy needed you and you were there for him, I think you knew then that you were meant for a life of pleasure.”
“What do you mean? What guy?” I asked confused. She surely didn’t know about my mother’s John that had raped me when I was only twelve. And, there was no possible way that she knew about me helping that boy heading off to college. Hell, I didn’t even remember his name. 
“Bella Rosa, my love, I am going to elaborate on this one piece of information from your past and then we are going to move on from that. Do I make myself clear?” she asked in a powerful tone that I knew meant business. I nodded.
“Like I said, I’ve been watching you for a long time. I just happened to be there the day that you started at the club. I watched you get out of that old blue Ford pickup. Once you thanked the boy for the ride and left his presence, I stood in front of his car, keeping him from moving.
“I wanted you then. I know a VIP when I see one, and you, I wanted. The young lad volunteered all of the information I was after for a dime bag of weed. He told me that you had graciously taken his virginity. What a noble soul you are my, Bella Rosa.
“Like I said, I do extensive investigating on all of my VIP’s, way before you are even aware that I even exist. I talked to five of your fellow…what did you call it?” she asked, tapping her chin in deep thought. “Oh, yes, blowjobs. Pro bono blow jobs if you will. Every one of the boy’s that I spoke with assured me with attitudes that there was something wrong with you. They informed me that you gave a hell of a hand job, and a mean blowjob, but that you wouldn’t put out for anything. I like that about you my sweet girl. You stand your ground. 
You were a young lady when you came here; I needed to wait until you were a woman before I made my move. I am aware that you have not been with a single man since you have arrived here. I am also pleasantly surprised by that…impressive.”
“How did you know where I came from?” I asked. This was a little disturbing. She went to my hometown to investigate me?
“Bella Rosa,” she spoke, dropping her head in disappointment, “Where did we agree to leave history?”
“In the past,” I answered with what I knew she was looking for.
“Good girl. You did a boy a favor and gained a little pleasure for yourself. Let’s leave it at that.”
“Well that’s not the only reason I did it, and I wouldn’t exactly call it pleasurable.”  
“Now now…I know that. Let’s call it baby steps toward the right direction.” She pushed all of my hair to my left shoulder and kissed my right shoulder. 
“So in essence, being with a man might feel uncomfortable for you the first couple of times. I would like to leave that for another day, from my experience, being with a woman first is much easier. It’s better.”
 I had never even thought about being with a woman. The room suddenly became sultry. I could feel the dampness in the palms of my hands. I even noticed it on the backs of my bent knees. What was going on? Was I about to do what I thought I was about to do, or was Brooke the one about to do that? 
 Brooke handed Madam the robe. She placed it across her lap and slowly slid the zipper to my dress down my back.
“I don’t want you to think of this as taboo, or put a label on it. Straight, gay, lesbian, bi-sexual, it’s all so gauche. We’re in an open-minded era, Ysabelle. This career will let you embrace all of life’s pleasures, the pleasure of pleasing your clients, and most importantly…the pleasure of pleasing yourself.” I swear this woman could read my thoughts. 
“Are you ready?” 
I took a deep breath.
“Yes,” I replied with a heavy breath, accepting my destiny with open arms.




Chapter 7

<>*<>S<>*<>

I can’t believe how fast the months went by. When you’re younger all you want is for time to go by as fast as possible, you want to grow up, be an adult, and do all the things you weren’t allowed to do as a child. Well…I’m finally there. I’m an adult, about to embark on my four-year journey at a university. I had my pick of the litter when deciding which institution I wanted to attend. I ultimately decided to follow my father’s Alma Mater and go to NYU, home of the Bobcats. 
My parents were the proudest that I had ever seen them on my graduation day. I graduated Cum Laude with honors. I couldn’t help but smile as my mother bragged about my accomplishments at my party, later that evening. There were so many people, more than I had expected. I couldn’t wait to dig into the massive amount of cards placed in the box, full of money I was sure. 
I glanced over to Olivia throughout the day, retrieving a smile every time she saw me look at her. I can’t really describe the smile. I guess it was a proud, yet sad smile. I hated the strain and distance that had settled between us. As my mother, along with Julia’s, and a few of my aunts started to clean up, I realized that I hadn’t seen Oli in quite some time, at least an hour or so.
“Hey, Mom, is it okay if I take off for a while?” I asked. The party had pretty much broken up, so I knew I wasn’t being rude by disappearing. I had other things on my mind. I needed to set things straight. I didn’t want to go off to school leaving things the way they were. Of course, my mother dismissed me with a kiss right smack on the lips and another comment about how proud of me she was.
Thirty minutes later, I approached our waterhole. Parking my truck and walking the path, I see Olivia before she sees me. She was sitting on a blanket, aimlessly looking out at the water; her hair wildly blew in the wind, and the moonlight glow made her look translucent.
“It didn’t take long for you to find me,” she whispered. 
“Yeah, for some reason I knew you would be here. God, I forgot how stunning this place was at night. When was the last time we were all here?” 
“I’m here all the time.” 
“I didn’t know that.” I should have known that. I’m saddened by that fact that we aren’t close anymore, that we haven’t been close in a long time. 
I hadn’t realized that I moved until I was sitting next to her. She didn’t acknowledge me at first, and then I felt her head lean onto my shoulder, my arm instantly went around her tiny frame. We sat like that for I don’t know how long, just enjoying the peace, quiet, and the tranquility of each other. I was too afraid to speak. I knew I had no words to express how much I was going to miss her. There is so much that I wanted to say and so much I needed for her to hear. I was too much of a coward to say any of it, and too concerned with my devotion to Julia. Nothing would be said, and I would take that regret with me to New York. 
“Oli…I-” I tried to speak. I wasn’t sure what I was going to say; I had to say something. I had to get her to understand how much I loved her. In the same sense, she had to know that we weren’t going to be together. We just couldn’t. I was hurting both my girls, and I hated it.
“Shhh, Sebby, there’s nothing you can say that I don’t already know,” she quietly stopped me, placing her finger over my lips. 
I attentively watched as she came to her knees and slowly lifted her dress to her thighs, moving it higher and higher until she was left in her bra and panties. I knew where this was going. I also knew that I wasn’t strong enough to say no. I didn’t want to say no. I wanted her. Never letting my eyes leave hers, I placed my fingers around the elastic on her panties and pulled her to me. 
I could sense her nervousness and knew at that moment, without asking, that she still had not lost her virginity. I took a deep breath, wrapped my arms around her waist, and rested my head on her stomach. She ran her fingers through my hair in a comforting gesture. I don’t know what the hell I was feeling. I loved her so much and she felt so good in my arms.
Most guys like accepting that trophy, not me. I never wanted to be responsible for taking that from any girl, however, I couldn’t help the satisfying emotion of being her first. I vaguely felt her shake. I smiled and kissed her bellybutton, feeling the intake of a deep breath. I could tell that it was one of those breaths that you take when you’re so emotionally charged that you can’t help it. Her nervous breaths provoked me to want to kiss her lower. I didn’t; I needed to take it slow, for her.
I looked up to her closed eyes. The tip of her tongue peeked out between her lips; it was the sexiest, most innocent, look I had ever seen. I took it as an invitation and moved up her body. I softly bit down on her tongue, causing her eyes to open. I gradually took her tongue and started lightly sucking on it as our eyes stayed in a trance, locked on each other’s. There was so much emotion in her eyes, they told me everything. She wanted me, as much as I wanted her.	 
“Sebby…” she panted between kisses. 
“Hmmm…”
“I want to touch you.” 
I urgently pulled the sides of her face, kissing her more aggressively than before. I knew that I needed to slow down for her, damn, I couldn’t help it. I wanted her so much. All the buildup of years of anticipation, longing, and desire that I had kept safely bottled up was at the surface. It was more than I could have ever imagined. 
Her delicate fingers moved down my shirt, releasing each button in a slow torturous motion. She opened my shirt and slid it from my shoulders. I slid it down my arms, removing it completely. I watched her eyes when she broke our kiss, they moved down my bare chest. I held in my breath. Her hands traced my pecs and moved down to the contours of my abs. Allie had touched me there, several times; this was different, this was so expressive, emotional, and loving; this was Olivia.  
“I feel like I’m seeing you for the first time,” she whispered hot words to the corner of my mouth.
“I can’t say the same, Oli, I’ve been looking at you since I was twelve.” Her giggles were contagious and I found myself laughing too. 
“I’m nervous…I don’t want to be. I want this to be good for you. I have no idea what the hell I’m doing,” she admitted. “Just tell me what to do and I’ll do it. I’ll do whatever you want.” 
What a loaded question. Don’t be a selfish guy, Sebastian. Don’t be a selfish guy, Sebastian, I repeated to myself over and over. 
I pulled her back into one last kiss before I couldn’t take it anymore. I needed to see her naked. It wasn’t a want, it was a need.
“God, Oli, I really want to take this nice and slow for you, I don’t know if I’m going to be patient enough. I’m dying to get you naked and wet.” Even with the cast of the moonlight I could tell that she was blushing. 
“I’m going to take off your bra and then your panties, okay?” She nodded as I pressed my body to hers, forcing her to lie down.
I unclasped her bra and removed it, letting it fall to the ground. I took a second to appreciate the beauty that is Olivia. Her breasts were round and perky, larger than they looked in a bikini. Her nipples were hard, tan pebbles, begging to be sucked. I softly took her nipple into my mouth, as a satisfied moan escaped from my throat. I was taking Olivia. I was making her mine. I didn’t want to think about tomorrow, or the next day, or the next. I wanted to live that moment forever. She was mine. Olivia was mine.
“God, Sebastian…that feels incredible, don’t stop.” I didn’t recognize her voice. All I could hear was desire, as I fondled her breasts and caressed her nipple with the palm of my hand in a back and forth motion. Nothing could have prepared me for this moment. Her panting and moaning beneath me would be forever entrenched in my mind.
 “Olivia…” I whispered. I knew this was going to hurt her. I wanted her to at least experience some pleasure before I took mine. I placed my hand on her pussy and she immediately pushed into my palm. 
“Play with me, Sebastian.” I didn’t think it was possible, but my dick had just gone from hard to harder. 
She felt even better than I had imagined in my mind so many times. I stroked her more aggressively than I had planned to. I couldn’t help it. Fuck…I am human, and of the male species. 
“Shit, baby, you’re so wet. Have you ever made yourself come?” I just had to know. 
“No…I’ve…oh God…tried…” she panted breathlessly. “Right there…couldn’t get there.” I removed my hand and she groaned in protest. “No, don’t stop…please don’t stop…” 
I grabbed her panties and slid them off. 
“Oh fuck, you shave completely.” I closed my eyes, trying to regain any ounce of willpower. 
She giggled, “I’m a swimmer,” she explained as her fingers skimmed across my face. 
“Sebastian…are you all right?” 
Trying to maintain my composure, I grabbed the back of her neck and brought my lips down to meet hers. I crushed her mouth urgently and forcefully. I couldn’t talk; if I did, I was going to lose it. I just needed her embrace. My lips moved on their own accord. I no longer had control over my movements. I kissed her jaw line, her neck, and deliberately made my way to where I wanted to be most; her weeping core.
Her breathing escalated as soon as she realized what I was about to do. She encouraged me, bucking her hips forward. I took it as another open invitation, and plunged my tongue from her opening to the top of her clit. She instantaneously arched her back and breathed out my name. “Sebastian…” I will never forget the raspy way she said my name. It was full of emotion, mixed with pure lust. That was all it took for me to go wild. I ate her pussy like it was the last meal that I would ever eat. I ate like a starving man who had finally found food.
I used every technique I knew, to find out what she wanted the most. Olivia liked it rough. I learned this from her treacherous whimpers and moans. Her reactions encouraged me to suck on her clit vigorously. I took the opportunity to try to stretch her. I inserted one finger and could feel her body tighten. Shit. I was fucked. She was so tight. She gripped my finger like a vise. I thought I was going to come before I ever got inside.
“Baby…you’re so tight. Tell me if I’m hurting you.” 
I removed my finger, replacing it as far as I could with my tongue. She was close to losing control, and if I didn’t get my shit together, I was going to lose it with her.
“Sebastian…I-I-I…” she repeated over and over.
I sucked her clit and moved my head in a side-to-side motion. That was it. She was spent. She trembled, opened her legs more, and pulled my hair like she was trying to rip it out. I started to taste more of her juices, as her body continued to spasm and she called out, screaming my name. 
“Shhhh…” I beckoned as she rode out her orgasm and I licked her clean. 
“Oh my God…oh my God…Sebastian…I feel like Jell-O,” she chuckled. I laughed. Only Olivia would mention Jell-O at a time like this. I wiped some of her juices from my mouth as she took my hand to bring me to her.
 We attentively stared into each other’s eyes. In that moment, there was no need for words to know what we were each feeling. It was some sort of connection, a link that had always been there, and as much as we tried to avoid it, we couldn’t. The laws of attraction had found their way to us. I had no idea how I was going to let her go. 
Olivia leaned toward me. I parted my lips, expecting her to kiss me. She didn’t. She ran her tongue along the outside of my mouth, licking herself from my lips.
“Pretty girl, you’re a little vixen,” I accused, feeling her smile on my lips.
“I was curious…you seemed to like it. I wanted to see what all the fuss was about.”
Before I could respond, her tongue glided around my lips as she plunged into my mouth. She reached for my belt and unbuttoned my slacks. I moved between her legs, and was overwhelmed at how unbelievable she felt beneath my body. I had never been so content in my life. I felt her fingers touch the head of my dick and I uncontrollably moaned in her mouth.	
“Olivia…” I whispered in between kisses. “I need to grab a condom from my wallet.”
“You don’t need it. I’m on the pill,” she replied.
I stopped kissing her. 
“What?”
She laughed. “No…not because of that, Sebastian, because I have really bad cramps.”
“Do you not want to use one?” I asked.
 “I trust you,” she assured me as she kissed me again. I checked to make sure she was still wet. The last thing I wanted was to hurt her even more. “Is it going to hurt?” she asked as if she was reading my mind.
“You’re the only virgin I’ve been with. I don’t know how much it’s going to hurt; I know it will probably be uncomfortable.”
I began to kiss her as I positioned myself at her opening. I lightly pressed into her, stopping once the head was in. I could feel her uncomfortable movements, and knew it was only going to get worse. I inched in a little more. She stopped kissing me to hide her face in the crook of my neck. I knew had I been able to see her eyes, they’d be tightly squeezed shut, waiting for the unknown. 
“I know, Oli…do you want me to stop?” I asked.
She shook her head and I moved in until I felt the barrier. “Just a little bit more, I’m almost there. This is going to be the worst of it,” I explained and pushed through it, feeling the pop. Olivia painfully groaned. 
“Are you okay?” 
“Mmm hmm,” she replied.
I retracted slightly and moved back in, instantly noticing that she was a lot wetter. I slowly moved in and out until I was completely sunk. She moved her face to the side and I took the opportunity to kiss and suck on her neck.
“Does it feel better?”
“Mmm hmm,” I was starting to worry about not getting a response from her, other than the hums of her letting me know that she was okay. I needed her to be okay. I wanted this to be as memorable for her as it was for me.  
“Tell me, if I’m hurting you, or if you want me to go slower or faster…just tell me something,” I begged.
“Just keep doing what you’re doing. It doesn’t hurt as bad.” 
With that, I started moving. I couldn’t believe how fucking tight she felt. Her pussy gripped my cock like a glove. I’ve never had sex without a condom; I could sense the fact that I was about to explode. My tempo increased as I became rougher with her, I couldn’t help it. She felt too fucking amazing. Olivia’s expression was a mix of pain and pleasure. I surrounded her face with my arms and roughly thrust into her a few more times before I was close.
“Oh…God, you feel so fucking good…I’m going to come,” I grunted. She moaned and that was my undoing. I ejected my load deep inside her.
Coming down from the most intense orgasm I have ever had, I felt like I had just run a marathon. My heart was beating out of my chest. I could feel every movement. Our bodies stuck together, covered in sweat. I buried my face into her neck and hair, and kissed her rapidly beating pulse.
I exhaled a deep breath. “I’m so sorry if I hurt you.” 
“I’m fine, Sebby…that was-I-I-have no words for what that was…I love you, Sebastian,” she softly spoke.
 “I love you, Olivia,” I replied with not only the words she was hoping for, but the words that I felt deep in my soul.
Walking away from her was the hardest thing I have ever faced. We both deserved more. I had to. I knew Julia’s feelings for me. I guess I had known for a long time. I couldn’t do that to her, and I wasn’t about to come between Olivia and Julia. No way. They loved each other too much for that.
I did what I had to do. I walked away. I walked away from Olivia; my Olivia. The Olivia that made me feel like no other girl would ever do again. Not even Julia. It wasn’t that I didn’t love Julia too. I did. I would take a bullet for her and kill any mother fucker that ever hurt her in a heartbeat. It just wasn’t the same kind of love. We had a connection, it wasn’t the intense, searing in emotion kind of connection, that Olivia and I shared. It was what it was and I couldn’t change it.
 All we have ever shared were stolen moments.


Summer went by excruciatingly fast. I had spent most of my time with my girls. Olivia and I seemed to be getting back on track, at least it was that way with our friendship. As far as anything else, nothing had happened since that night at the waterhole. 
We all knew that I would be leaving at the end of the summer and none of us discussed it. We just spent every waking moment together, it was the same, just different. I couldn’t explain it, we weren’t kids anymore. I was going to be nineteen and the girls seventeen. I had known Julia for seventeen years, and Oli for seven. We had been through several ups and downs, especially in the last few years. 
Being able to share my last summer with them, is something that I still hold dear to my heart. There was no drama, issues, or problems. We were just the trio that we always were. I’m grateful I got the opportunity to experience that with them again, before heading off into the real world.
I was definitely nervous; I had never been away from home longer than a week. I didn’t know what to expect. I wanted to make my parents proud of me; I think that was the biggest influence for me choosing to go to my father’s school. I also wanted to experience something different, just to say that I did. Even if I ended up back in Miami, I could say that I got to live in New York.
I knew it was going to be devastating for my girls and I. They were a huge factor in my decision. I didn’t want to leave them. However, part of me felt like it would do us some good, like maybe things could change when I came back or something. 
I don’t know what I was thinking or hoping for, I guess I thought we would be older and things wouldn’t be so hard and confusing for any of us, like time could magically make everything all right, whether that be Olivia and I being together or accepting the fact that we never would. 
We were watching a movie in my room on my last night, we were all laying in my bed with me at the end and the girls against the headboard. Oli was dozing off and she excused herself and told me she would come over in the morning to say goodbye. Julia told her she would be home after the movie was over. 
As soon as Olivia left, I caught Julia looking over at me. 
“What?” I asked, looking over at her. 
“Nothing.” 
“Oh come on, Babygirl, you know that shit doesn’t work on me. Now tell me or I’ll tickle you till you do,” she laughed while hiding her feet under the covers. 
“Nothing…” she urged. 
“You’re going to make me do it aren’t you? You have three seconds before I come over there,” I warned, starting to sit up.
“One…” 
“Sebastian…it’s nothing.” 
“Two…”
“Are you being serious?”
“Two and a half…” 
“Fine!” she yelled out and sighed, “I don’t want you to go.” 
“Babygirl…it’s a little late for that,” I explained. 
“You never asked me how I felt about it. Don’t you think you should have at least asked me? I would have asked you.” I looked at her while I started to scratch my head.
“I mean, we’ve done everything together, Sebby. Now you’re leaving me,” she whispered. 
“You know that’s not true. I could never leave you, you’re too important to me. I’m just going to try out something new.” 
“Why?”
“What do you mean, why?”
“Why do you need to try out something new, Sebby? Why can't I be enough?
Why have I never been enough for you?” she stammered.
	“Where is this coming from, Babygirl? You are enough, you mean the world to me, you know that,” I stammered. Great, it was like déjà vu. I had already heard this once, from Oli mere months ago. I mean, I knew how Julia felt, well, I thought I did, to hear her say it was a whole other ballgame. One that I wasn't sure I wanted to play. What the hell was I supposed to say?
“Sebby…Can we talk?” 
“We are talking.”
“No…I mean really talk,” she suggested. 
“Isn’t that what we always do?”
“Ugh…fine. Just listen, can you do that?” 
“Mmm hmm,” I said, nodding.
“We have known each other our whole lives. We have engaged in endless amounts of conversation. This needs to mean something. I need you to know before you leave that you mean something to me. You always have.” 
“Okay…” 
“Will there ever be a time for us?”
“Babygirl…what are you asking me?” 
“I’m asking if there will ever be more to us than what we have now. I love you, you’re my best friend, and I want you to know that you mean more to me.”
“I do know that, and you know I feel the same way. You've always been that for me. You're always going to be in my life and nothing will ever change that. You’re my Babygirl, you always will be. Nobody will ever be able to take that away from me.”
“Sebastian, I don’t think you’re understanding what I am saying. I’m saying I want to be the one. The one for you.” 
“Babygirl, you’re too young to even be thinking like that. You have so much more life to live. The second you start college, some hot guy is going to sweep you off your feet; he will have to get my approval first, though.” I tried to make her laugh but she wasn’t even smiling. 
“Will you be honest with me?” she cautioned. 
“Of course.” 
“If I were Oli, would you have said the same thing?” she asked while avoiding eye contact with me.
“What? Where is this coming from?” 
“Just answer the question. Please, you owe me that much. If Oli were sitting here saying this to you, would you have told her the same thing?” 
“It’s different with both of you. I can’t begin to express how much I love both of you. You have been my everything since the day you were born. It doesn’t matter who has come or will come into the picture. You will always be that to me,” I reaffirmed, grabbing her chin to look at her. “You’re beautiful to me inside and out. I could never imagine my life without you in it. The way things are with Oli is different. I can’t lie to you and say that I love you both in the same way, I don’t. Although, don’t for one second think that I love her more than you, it’s complicated.” 
Nodding, she hesitated to say what was on her mind, “Sebby, I know that things have changed over the years with all of us. We’ve all grown up and matured in different ways. I need to know that you’ll always be mine. I love Oli; please believe me when I say that. However, I can’t imagine anything more between you and her than what already exists.” 
My head was throbbing with this conversation. I didn’t think that Julia would throw me an ultimatum. That’s what she was doing, right? Giving me a choice? What the fuck do I even say to that? 
“You’re both going to find someone that makes you happy, and if they love you even half as much as I do, it will make me a happy man. It doesn’t matter where you or I end up, it will never change the fact that you’re a part of me. Who knows…maybe you’ll make me the Man of Honor at your wedding, because I most definitely deserve it.” 	
That one won me a smile, if I was being completely honest with myself, it gave me more of a migraine to think about Oli being with someone else. I was fucked. She would be devastated if anything were to happen with Oli and I. I couldn’t do that to her. That was her sister, and I was her best friend, it would have been double the agony. We both would have lost her.
We finished watching the movie and Julia went home. I stayed up all night thinking about the consequences of what would happen if Julia ever found out about Oli and me. It would crush her. 
I wished that things could have been different. I wanted nothing more than to see what would happen if I were given the opportunity to explore things further with Olivia. It was devastating to know that I couldn’t allow that to happen, for all of our sakes. I wasn’t just thinking about myself, it was for all of us. Our lives and friendships would be ruined. 
I meant every word I said to Julia, she couldn’t not be in my life. She was a part of me. 
I learned in that moment that you can’t always have what you want, and you just have to hope that everything works out for the best. 
The next morning, I woke up and said goodbye to my girls. 

Chapter 8

<>*<>Y<>*<>

Madam moved to sit on the opposite side of the couch and handed Brooke the robe, while she sat beside me. I glanced at the camera that was now pointed directly at us and noticed a little green light blinking. Brooke grabbed my chin and brought my attention back to her.
“Don’t worry about the camera, Bella…just focus on me, okay? Can I call you Bella? I love that name, you look more like a Bella to me, sweet and innocent Bella.” Her voice was low pitched; it was soothing and intoxicating. She smelled elegant, majestic, and royal, I don’t know how to describe how she smelled. It was alluring, and I couldn’t help feeling the magnetic pull between us. 	
“I like the name Bella too,” I rattled with a nervy voice.
“Great! I can tell already that you and I are going to be amazing friends. I started off a little like you. You remind me a lot of myself.” I wondered how so, but didn’t ask.
She pulled both straps of my dress down exposing my breasts. 
“I knew I wanted more out of life, I couldn’t quite put my finger on it,” she explained, moving to crouch on the floor. Never taking her eyes from mine, she tugged the hem of my dress, beckoning me to shimmy out of it. She slid my dress over my ankles and placed it on the shiny table. I sat there in just my panties and heels, not really knowing what to think. I glanced over at Madam, noticing the look of satisfaction on her face. I wanted to make her happy. For whatever reason, I wanted to please her.
“Phew… you are going to make clients very happy…your body is a paradise,” Brooke praised.
She rose, resting her weight on her knees and etching her lips on my collarbone, she blew soft breaths on my skin. I felt my breath catch, as she lightly caressed the sides of my breasts. I felt awakened, and my nervousness was vaguely perceptible. 
“Your breasts are round, plump, and perky.”
Her tantalizing breaths progressed to the middle of my breasts. That caused another hidden gasp. 
“Your nipples are just the right size.”
She looked up at my face, and didn’t stop caressing the sides of my breasts. 
“I know you don’t see it, but you’re glowing; you were made for this. There are very few women in this world who are made for pleasure, and you are one of them. We are few and far between, Bella.” 
Her hands skimmed the sides of my body until she stopped at the edges of my panties. With her index fingers, she began to slide them down. I slipped out one leg at a time.
“The shoes stay on,” she asserted. 
 She turned and Madam handed her my robe. I extended my arm and she slid it on, and left it open in the front. Brooke sat down next to me. I felt disappointed that I was clothed again. It was a thrill that I couldn’t even begin to explain. I wasn’t sure if they were stalling for my benefit. 
“Spread your legs, Bella Rosa,” Madam demanded in a soft tone. I did as I was told and the thrill was enlightening. I felt their gazes on every inch of my body. I could feel the yearning and hunger in the room.
“Your pussy is sweeter than I thought it would be, you’re just the right shade of cream. It’s a nice surprise that you don’t have any tan lines. Your caramel skin color is natural. That pleases me,” Madam assured me while inspecting my pussy. I, for some indescribable reason, loved it. I think that moment was one of the most thrilling moments of my life. It was overwhelming and electrifying. I was adored. I was wanted. I was loved. 
My nerves had subsided and I felt aroused. My core was throbbing and all I craved was relief. I suppressed the urge to touch myself and instead felt driven to want to touch Brooke. I turned to her and twirled her hair, as Madam had once done to me. I moved her hair to my nose and inhaled. Brooke did not seem surprised by my forwardness. 
“Do you know that you have a deep erotic smell about you? It’s addicting,” I said. 
I grabbed the back of her hair and pulled, she moaned. I kissed lightly at her jaw line. Her warming skin was apparent. I forgot about everything in that moment, and all I wanted to do was please Brooke, and in return receive pleasure. I didn’t care that Madam was in the room, or that there was a camera filming us. I desired her, I wanted to touch and taste her. I wanted to feel every inch of her body and have her do the same to me. I wanted to be one with her. I had never craved anything this much in my whole life. 
I brought her lips to mine and traced her bottom lip with the tip of my tongue, and then did the same with the top. I softly pecked her lips to provoke a reaction. She understood and opened her mouth as I plunged my tongue in and she sought it out. Our tongues twirled around and we tasted each other, we were both moaning at this dance. We breathed each other in, like it was our last breath, inhaling the invigorating scent of arousal and lust.
“I knew you would be like this, Bella Rosa. I knew, once given the chance, you would surpass any thought I would have imagined,” Madam proclaimed. 
I didn’t pay any attention to what she was saying. I couldn’t. I wanted Brooke. She tugged the edges of my robe and slipped it down, never breaking our kiss, our connection. I did the same to her and once I knew it was off, I wanted to look at her. I removed my lips from hers and looked at her eyes, her pupils were dilated and her eyes appeared dark. I knew mine looked the same. I took that time to really look at her. She was a goddess. Her lips were swollen and red, her skin was warm and rosy, her hair was tussled and flowed loosely. She was radiant. 
“You’re a vision, Brooke,” I said. 
My eyes moved from her face to her neck and I saw her pulse at the base of her neck. I blinked and moved my eyes to her breasts, she was breathing heavily, causing her breasts to move upward every few seconds. They were calling to me. I put her left pink, perfect nipple on my tongue and licked; she moaned again and grabbed the back of my neck, urging to me to do more. With my teeth I pulled on it at first and then sucked, gently and then firmer. Once it was a hard pebble, I moved to her other breast and did the same. I was feasting on her. She brought my mouth back up to hers and we began the same alluring dance.  
She moved forward, causing me to move backwards until I was lying on my back. She spread my legs, placing one leg between mine and then straddled the other. It was then that I felt the moisture of my pussy on her leg. She crouched a little more, and that was when I felt the wetness of her on my leg as well. We were still kissing, even more passionately than before. We were both moaning openly, as we glided our clits against each other’s legs. I was getting close to orgasm, I could feel mine and I could feel hers as well. She suddenly stopped and lowered her mouth to my neck. 
I was panting so hard I could barely talk. 
“What are you doing?” I asked. No…asked is the wrong word. It came out in some sort of frantic pant. 
She moved from my neck to my left nipple, licked and sucked it until it was hard, she did the same to the other.
“Shhh...” her breath on my nipple gave me goose bumps. 
“I’m going to take care of you…just lay back and enjoy it,” she demanded. 
She trailed her tongue from my nipple to my bellybutton. I knew what she was going to do. I had never had anyone lick me down there. I didn’t go that far with guys. That’s not what it was about with me. I was anxious and eager for her to move faster. I gyrated my hips forward, hoping she would understand my silent plea. She looked up and smiled at me.
“Bella…you impatient little thing, don’t you know that good things come to those who wait, huh? I want to lick your pussy as much as you want me to. Here’s the catch though, I want you to watch me. If you stop watching, I stop eating…okay?” she asked, and at that point I would have agreed to anything.
“Yes…” I replied. 
I was confused by her next move. She repositioned her body to the floor and sat on her knees. 
“Sit up, and spread your legs on the sides of my body, put the ends of your heels to the edge of the couch.” 
The tone of her voice was demanding and captivating; I did what I was told, I couldn’t help it. I felt so exposed and bare in this position. It made me feel even more erotic. My clit was throbbing I could feel it pulsating, just wanting to be caressed. She leaned over and I thought I was finally getting what I wanted, I saw her inhale my scent. 
“Hmmmm…Ysabelle, you smell heavenly. I love the smell of a woman, and nothing compares to a woman’s scent.” 
She nudged my clit with her nose and then casually kissed it. I moaned loudly, not taking my eyes from her, there was no damn way I was going to let her stop. She licked me from my opening to the top of my clit. I moaned so loudly that it made my head fall back to the couch. 
“Nah uh my sweet, you aren’t following directions.” I looked at her. 
“This will help…put your hands on your knees and spread your legs wider, don’t take your hands off your knees, and don’t stop watching,” she commanded. 
I did as I was told and she repeated the same process. I felt even more exposed this way, and her tongue felt more forceful too. She started licking my clit back and forth, back and forth. She brought her lips to an O shape and began to suck lightly in a teasing manner. 
“Oh my God Brooke, please don’t stop, please don’t stop…” I said in a husky voice. 
Her sucking became more forceful as I felt the edge of her tongue in sync with her lips. She sucked on me until I was moaning senseless. She moved her tongue from my clit to my opening and pushed her tongue into my pussy as deep as it would go. I felt like I could come just like that if only it were longer. She stopped and I made a disgruntled sound. I watched her lick the palm of her hand and place it on my pussy as she began rubbing it up and down. I moaned again. 
“Does that feel good? Do you want to come?” she asked, toying with me.
“Yes…I want to come so bad…please Brooke, please make me come…” 
I was begging this woman that I just met to make me come, and I didn’t give a flying fuck, I needed to come, and I needed to come hard. Her hand was full of my juices and she brought it back up to her mouth, licking her middle finger clean.
“Hmmm…you taste like salty sweetness,” she stated. 
She moved her mouth back to my clit and resumed her sucking torture. This time it felt more immediate and urgent. She pushed that same middle finger deep inside of me and moved upward, right toward my g-spot. I yelped with a mixture of pleasure and pain. She moved her eyes to look right at my face while she ate me. It was the most stimulating view. I was closer to the edge of an orgasm just from her looking at me while she devoured my pussy. My body was tight, my legs were shaking, and my stomach was quivering. I subconsciously started to rock my hips with my hands still on my knees, it looked like I was fucking her face, and it caused her to moan. 
“Oh…fuck…oh my God…I’m gonna come…please, Brooke, fuck me harder…yes just like that, right there…” 
Before I knew it my eyes rolled to the back of my head and I had the most intense orgasm of my life, my body convulsed for what felt like minutes, my brain was so foggy that I saw light flicker behind my closed eyes. She didn’t stop until my breathing had slowed and I had rode out my orgasm on her mouth and fingers. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Being away from home was awful the first few months. Being part of a fraternity helped. Again, I pledged my dad’s old stomping grounds at Kappa Sigma. The guys quickly became like brothers to me, but I missed my girls terribly. I kept busy with schoolwork and friends, but it did little to aid in my misery of missing Julia and Olivia. Thinking about it, I realized that Julia and I had never really been away from each other. This was the longest stretch we had ever been separated. God, I missed her.
Of course, I missed Olivia too. It was just a different kind of missing, more like a longing. At least we had gotten past the unwanted tensions from the past. I couldn’t handle that. It would have driven me crazy had I been away from her still bearing the strain.
I spent Thanksgiving and Christmas with their family and mine. Olivia and I never discussed that night at the waterhole. We continued to talk on the phone almost every day. She and Julia were enjoying their junior year of high school and had become closer since I left. I could tell they were doing well. I loved the fact that they had each other. It felt great to be home, it made me miss them even more when I was back on campus without them.
They both started looking at colleges to apply to. Julia wanted to go to law school and Olivia was undecided. They were coming up to see me for the first time on Valentine’s Day; luckily it landed on a weekend that year. 
Though, they labeled it as “browsing the university” for college research purposes. I was thrilled to finally have my girls there and for the three of us to spend time together. They were arriving at 9:00 p.m. I wanted to pick them up from the airport, but, they insisted on taking a cab to experience “The New York lifestyle”. 
I decided to live off campus and not in my fraternity house. I lived by myself and I loved it. I resided in East Village, because I wanted a two-bedroom apartment. I was fortunate that it was still within walking distance of campus. My rent was high; my parents were supportive though. I think they would have said yes to anything at this point, being that I was the only child. 
I hopped in the shower and walked out into my living room.
“SURPRISE!” 
I jumped, screaming like a little girl.
“Holy shit, girls!! You scared the fuck out of me. What are you doing here? Your plane doesn’t land until tonight.”  
“We left after lunch and took an earlier flight. We wanted to surprise you, Sebby! Nice towel by the way,” Julia said. Olivia was looking at anything and everything, but me. I could see her blushing. Damn it, I could not get hard right now. 
“I mean, I could have been naked…” I said.
“Well…you’ve seen one you’ve seen them all, Sebby,” Julia replied. Did she just admit that she’s seen one?! I looked at Olivia.
“What the fuck is she talking about?” Julia grinned and Olivia chuckled. I needed to go change before I flipped my shit. I wanted us to have a great time this weekend. When I returned they were both looking at something on their iPad. 
“You girls hungry? I thought we could go grab a bite to eat. I could show you around a little tonight. We’ll get a head start tomorrow on sightseeing, then tomorrow night the Kappa house is throwing their annual Valentine’s Day party.” 
“I love everything about what you just said, Sebby!” Julia squealed. 
I took them to Gruppo, the best pizza around, that I was aware of anyway. We walked around Tompkins Square Park for a bit. They whined the whole time about the cold. They had Florida blood, and couldn’t get over how cold it was, spoiled Miami blood. We crashed early, and I was awake at the ass crack of dawn to go explore Manhattan. We did all the tourist crap you can imagine; Statue of Liberty, Times Square, Central Park, Chrysler Building, Empire State Building, and Rockefeller Center. If I heard “please…just one more place” one more time, I would have keeled over and passed out. 
It was great, both my girls in New York with me, one on each arm. I couldn’t have been happier, well maybe I could have, I was trying my damnedest not to go there. I still glanced at Olivia, and every freaking time I did, those green eyes lured me right to her. I kept my distance though. I mean we touched, goofing off and shit, not like I was fighting to touch her. I didn’t. I was proud of myself. I refrained and kept my two best friends, still as friends.
They made me promise that we would go to Little Italy the next day before they left. I was exhausted…how the hell can two small people move around that fast and still have energy is beyond me. By the time we made it back to the apartment, it was time to get ready to go to dinner. I only had one bathroom, so I’m sure you can guess who got to get ready last. My bathroom looked like Victoria Secret fucking exploded. I mean…perfume, hairspray, body lotion, and a puffy brush that had sparkles on it, what the fuck is that?
Thank God the worst was over, I thought, until I walked back to see what they were wearing. I’m still not sure what the hell they were wearing, two red skimpy something’s and to top it all off…fuck me shoes!
“Why are you guys wearing t-shirts?” Of course, I got laughs in return.
“Relax, crazy…they’re dresses! We got them from the Dash store on South Beach, aren’t they pretty?” Olivia asked, twirling around. 
“Okay…where’s the rest of it? I asked as they looked down, liking what they saw and then back at each other. They looked back to me and I was sure they could read the “What The Fuck” expression. 
Seriously, why am I the only one seeing a problem?!
“I’m not taking you to the Kappa house dressed like that, either change or we’re not going.” As if…calling my bluff, they started walking to the door.
“We don’t have anything else to wear, plus we have coats to put on too. You need to get over this whole protective thing you got going on, it doesn’t suit you. We wear stuff like this all the time.”
“Since when?”
“Since now!” Julia shouted with a disgruntled sigh. I moved to get my coat, damn it…another battle lost. 
“Do not take drinks from anyone, and please pull your dresses down every few steps,” I demanded. 
A few of my brothers met us out at dinner and things went smoothly. The girls got along great with the guys. I can’t say that I was overly excited about that fact. I didn’t like the attention they were receiving. Call me a little protective. 
The party was just how I had expected it to be. The place was packed, the alcohol was flowing loosely, and the music was blaring. I left the girls to get us all drinks, and to get away from them long enough to let the guys know that they were only seventeen, probably more for my benefit than theirs. I was hoping it would make their dicks stay in their pants. “Sebby, I’m going to go dance with Oli,” I heard Julia yell. Okay…dancing, that shouldn’t be too bad, right? Wrong…again! The girls were grinding all up on each other. 
They could move. They could both move, of course my eyes landed right on Olivia’s dress riding up her thighs as she moved, grinding her hips. I looked to Julia and she was staring right at me. I knew what the sad smile meant without words. She wanted me to be looking at her the way I seemed to idiotically always be looking at Olivia. It never failed. She seemed to always catch me, longing after her sister and best friend. Jesus, I had to stop. 
“Damn, man…how the hell did you grow up next to that?” My brother asked, pulling me from my thoughts of Olivia and my eyes from Julia’s hurt expression. 
“Don’t ask!” I replied with an even tone. 
The rest of the night proceeded with much of the same. The girls drank and danced while I monitored and stood guard. By 2 a.m., I had a slight buzz and had been holding the urge to piss for as long as I could. There were so many people it wouldn’t have taken thirty seconds to lose sight of them. I tried to continue to hold it, it was becoming unbearable. I had to piss, NOW!
“Tony, do not let them out of your sight. I’ll be right back.”
“Yeah bro, no worries,” he halfheartedly promised as his hips swayed to the music.
The line to the bathroom was long, as I expected. It was always like that at these parties. I decided to slip out the back door and use a bush. All I could do was shake my head in disbelief, as I ventured back to the girls. They were both dancing all over each other, not that that was any different than what they had been doing all night, nevertheless, they were on the table. What the hell happened to my little Julia, that stuck her tongue out on a continuous basis, and my Olivia, afraid to jump from the tire swing?
“What the fuck man?” I reprimanded Tony. 
“What? You said not to lose sight of them. I didn’t…” he assured me, pointing to them. “They’re right there.” I would deal with him later. 
“Can you help me get them down and into a taxi?” 
“They’re so much fun to look at. Oh come on bro, they’re actually pretty tame, just trying out the good ole college experience,” he laughed. 
I gave him a stern look. God, I was turning into my father, acting like they were my responsibility; shit they were.
“All right…party downer, let’s get them.”
Getting them off the table and to the cab wasn’t as hard as I imagined it was going to be; getting them to my apartment was a different story. Have you ever tried to get two drunk seventeen year olds to do something? Between the giggles, trying to hold them up with both their purses, and straps of their heels looped over my fingers, it was a shit show.
Once I finally got them inside, they went straight to the kitchen to raid my cabinets. 
“Potato chips!” They yelled together with girly giggles of course.
“I’m going to go rinse off. Don’t get into any trouble,” I demanded as I left them. 
As soon as I was out of the shower and drying off, I realized how quiet they had become. This could be bad. I breathed a sigh of relief when they were both passed out, Olivia half lying on Julia. I pulled the throw blanket from the back of the couch and covered them.
I closed my bedroom door and slid on a pair of boxers. I think I also passed out moments after lying across the bed. Mine however, was from the stress of my girls being drunk and provocative. I was exhausted. 
I’m not sure how long I was asleep before I felt soft lips, kissing my chest. Was I dreaming? No…it felt way too real to be a dream. The kissing moved lower as I tried to make myself coherent enough to figure out what the hell was going on. My boxers snapped into my skin. That did it. I sure the hell wasn’t dreaming. “What the fu-.”
“Shhh…you’re going to wake Julia,” Olivia warned.
“Oli?” My eyes hadn’t adjusted yet. I could barely make out her face. When I finally did, my eyes widened. She was completely naked. Shit, she was naked.
“Hi,” she smiled. I had absolutely no idea what to say. 
“I’m not drunk, I swear. I made sure not to drink too much, because I knew you wouldn’t be with me if you thought I was drunk,” she started explaining.
She moved, pulling herself up to straddle my waist. My eyes began to take in her unbelievable body. She sat up, luring me even more. I couldn’t stop staring. She was much more confident now. She tilted her head to the side while grinding into me. Her hands trailed her waist and up to her breasts. She stopped at the back of her neck and pulled her hair tie out, shaking her hair loose. It fell to frame her beautiful face. I swallowed for the first time since she had woken me. She smiled, licked her lips, and leaned toward me. She stopped a fraction from my lips.
“I want you, Sebastian…I want you so bad…” she whispered to my lips. Olivia was baiting me. She wanted me to make the first move. I was confused, torn, and thanks to her, horny as fuck. I wanted her probably more than she wanted me. Julia was right outside the door. Could I do this to her, right under her nose? 
I could see Olivia growing impatient, her eyes changed from lust, to confusion, and rejection all within seconds. Her body immediately started to withdrawal from mine.
“Don’t,” I protested softly. I didn’t think she heard me. She still moved off of me, grabbing the sheet to cover herself. 
“I’m so stupid…I can’t believe I just threw myself at you.” She wiped the tear  sliding down her right cheek.
“We’re never going to be together…are we, Sebastian?” 
I didn’t know what to say, so I said the only thing that I knew was true. 
“I love you, Oli.” Her eyes closed, as if my words were hurting her. I never wanted to hurt her.
“It’s never going to be enough though…is it?” 
I didn’t know it then, but this would be the moment that I would regret for the rest of my life. 
I didn’t stop her…
I watched her get up, get dressed, and leave. 
Nothing else was said between us. The following day she faked being too hung over and stayed at the apartment until it was time for their flight to leave. She hugged and kissed me goodbye, and the second I let her go, I knew that I had lost her. 
To what magnitude, I wouldn’t realize until later… 




Chapter 9

<>*<>Y<>*<>

As my head lay on the couch, I opened my eyes and stared at the chandelier above me. I knew that once I faced them, reality would set in and I’d have to discuss what just happened. I wanted to enjoy this euphoric state. I wished I could have bottled that feeling. I knew in that moment that there was nothing more right for me to do than to become a VIP. I belonged there. I had finally found peace. 
“Bella Rosa…are you with us, darling?” Madam asked. I raised my head with the biggest smile on my face.
“My beautiful girl, you’re glowing. Post orgasm afterglow is a delicacy on you.” I couldn’t stop smiling. It was permanently stamped on my face. 
“I don’t think I need to ask how you’re feeling, eh?” Brooke asked. I looked at her and she had a haughty look about her. 
“I have no words…I don’t…” I said.
“I know, no need to tell me how you feel; it’s written all over your face. Our clients will enjoy that about you. You wear all your emotions on your sleeve.” 
“Do you want me to…I mean you didn’t get…”
“It wasn’t about me, and trust me when I say I got off plenty, just as much as you did.” She looked at Madam, “May I be excused, Madam. I need to go get ready for my date tonight,” Brooke stated.
“Of course, Brooke baby, you were magnificent as always. Please, tell Victor I said hello.” Madam moved to kiss Brooke’s cheek. “I hope you enjoy your evening. I haven’t had a chance to catch La Nouba yet, let me know if it’s something I need to make time for,” she said. 
“I will. It was great meeting you, Ysabelle. I’ll see you soon for a shopping day, okay?” she asked.
“Okay,” I replied. I couldn’t believe she was having a normal conversation with me, after what just happened. Brooke left and Madam moved to sit by me again. She handed me my robe and it was then that I realized I was still naked. I put it on and tied it this time. I then reached for my panties and put them on. 
“I can’t tell you how proud I am of you. You have exceeded any measly idea my imagination could come up with. I knew that you would be made for this, the way that you come is remarkable, with everything you have, and you don’t hold back one bit.” She took a sip of her champagne and handed me my glass. 
“You took charge with Brooke without even being told to, it was a natural instinct for you. You weren’t shy or bashful that you were being filmed or that I was watching. Part of me knows that you got off on knowing that you were being observed.” I tilted my head, waiting for her to finish. 
“This has been some evening for you. I know you have had enough.” I swear this lady was a mind reader.
“You have had too much to drink; the chauffer will drive you home. I’ll call you tomorrow to move forward, yes?” she said and I nodded my head. 
I couldn’t sleep. I tossed and turned the entire night. My thoughts and feelings were a tangled mess. I knew come the next morning my life would change and I would no longer be this silhouette of a person. In a sense, I was waving goodbye to a part of me, and saying hello to someone new. My life was about to change in more ways than one. 
Buckle up I thought; it’s going to be one hell of a ride.


<>*<>S<>*<>


I searched for my phone, trying to wake up enough to figure out why Oli's ringtone was echoing in my room.
“Oli? What time is it?” I asked in a groggy voice. 
“The time? Who cares about time, Sebby? Time is overrated, you need to live in the moment and cherish each day like it was your last.”
“Oli? Are you drunk?”
“Drunk? Hmm…Am I drunk? I don’t know, drunk’s a funny word. Don’t you think so? Drunk. Say it, Sebbyyy.”
“Oli, where are you?” I glanced at my phone, it read 2:45 a.m. 
“I’m not where I want to be, that’s for damn sure.” I could hear her bitter tone. 
“Where’s Julia?” I hesitated, rubbing the sleep from my face. 
“Oh Julia…Babygirl Julia…I don’t know, Sebby. Maybe she’s with you. Maybe you’ve been sneaking around behind my back with her, maybe you’ve been fucking us both. Is that it, Sebastian, is that why we can’t be together?”
“Oli…you’re scaring me. Where the fuck are you?” I shouted.
“Don’t fucking yell at me. You have no right to yell at me okay, you have no right to touch me, or fuck me, or tell me you love me. Because, it’s all bullshit lies! You are a liar. I don’t believe you anymore. All you do is lie to me.” 
“Oli, I don’t lie to you. I’ve never lied to you. I have never been with Julia the way we’ve been together, and you know I love you. I understand that you’re hurt and upset. Please tell me where you are. I will have someone come get you. You’re not driving are you?” 
 “Nope, not driving, just swimming. Remember our swims at our waterhole, Sebby, remember our first kiss there? We were such kids. That was the dumbest thing I've ever done; why would I want to be with someone that doesn't want me? What the fuck is wrong with me, Sebastian? Tell me why the fuck I can't get over you? Why is it so much easier for you?” she wept.
“Oli…baby, it’s not easy for me. None of this is easy for me. Please, tell me where you are. I’m going crazy over here. Are you at our waterhole?” I paced my room. I was wide-awake and scared shitless. I didn’t feel good about this. Something in my gut told me this was not good. 
“You threw me away. You always throw me away. I am disposable to you. You know! You know that I will always be here. You keep me in the corner and when you’re ready to play with me you do. You fucking use me. You’ve always fucking used me!”
“Oh my God, Olivia…you know that’s not fucking true. Why are you doing this? Why are you saying this?”
“Because, Sebastian, it’s the fucking truth. I finally realize it now. You don’t love me and you never did. Nothing will be as precious to you as your Babygirl. I always come in second place. Guess what, Sebastian, I won’t do it anymore. You can’t do this to me anymore. I won’t let you.” 
“Olivia, that’s enough. You’re drunk, and you need to tell me where you are. We will finish this discussion when you’re sober.”
“Oh…fuck you, Sebastian. Now you’re telling me when we can and can’t talk? That’s fucking rich. You know what…fucking forget it. Forget you.” I heard a click.
“Olivia! Oli…shit…” I paced my room for the next hour trying to decide what to do. Do I call her parents? Do I contact Julia? 
I didn’t want her to get in trouble. 
She would be fine. 
She would wake up the next morning, call me, and everything would be fine. 
I took two Tylenol p.m.’s and went to sleep, reassuring myself that everything would be all right. 


I once read that a person dies every 1.8 seconds. This translates to 105 people per minute; 6,319 per hour and 151,650 people per day. Totaling approximately 55,503,922 every year. You never once think that these numbers would ever affect you directly. You live every day learning about other peoples’ pain. 
You read it in the paper, you watch on the news, or you listen to it on the radio. It surrounds you if you really think about it. Not one time in those moments do you ever think about how close to home it could ever become. Until one day, you wake up just like you do every day; you’re sitting, eating breakfast with the paper in your hand, and you get a phone call that will change your life, forever. 
Everything progressed in slow motion, seconds turned to minutes, and minutes turned to hours. 
I heard the familiar ringtone and smiled, walking over to Julia’s smiling face lit up on the screen of my cell phone. I hit accept and said, hello. I’m not sure what I felt at that moment; fear maybe, panic, confusion? Something was wrong. I couldn’t understand a word Julia was saying. Actually, I don’t think she was saying words at all. It was mostly hysterical crying and heaving in breaths. I tried to tell her to calm down and that I couldn’t understand a word she was saying.
“Take a deep breath, try to breathe, Babygirl. In and out. That’s it, in and out,” I repeated over and over, trying to calm her enough to tell me what the hell was going on. My heart was beating at an alarming rate. 
You know how it feels when something just scared the shit out of you, and you feel all jittery inside? That’s how this felt, and I didn’t even know what was going on yet. My adrenaline was racing, my body felt stiff, and my hands were shaking. I knew something bad had happened. I suddenly felt like heaving, and fought back the urges to do so. Two little words…that was all that it took for my life to completely change…Two fucking words…
“Olivia’s gone...” 
My coffee mug dropped to the floor, I heard it shatter, and saw all the pieces of glass scatter across the tile. My vision was suddenly blurry…was I crying? I heard Julia talking, the only words that registered were…
“Olivia…Drowned…Dead.”
What, I had just spoken to her last night? Was that my mom? What was she saying? Where did Julia go?
“Honey, are you okay? Do you need me to come, get you, and bring you home?...Sebastian, answer me honey…are you okay?” I could hear her. She seemed so far away.
“No…I’m okay. I’ll be there soon.” 
My hand fell and I hit the end button on my phone, instantly a picture of Julia, Olivia, and I was on the screen. I stared at it while my mind was stuck on one phrase.
“Olivia’s gone...”
It was an endless phrase that repeated itself over and over in my head, a cycle that I couldn’t stop…over and over.
“Olivia’s gone…”
My arm shot up and my phone was flung across the room. I watched as it flew through the air, stopped by the contact of the wall. I witnessed the pieces shatter and then scatter across the tiled floor.
“Olivia’s gone…”
My legs moved backwards.
“Olivia’s gone…”
The wall behind me stopped my movement.
“Olivia’s gone…”
I could feel my body recoiling.
“Olivia’s gone….”
I slid down the wall.
“Olivia’s gone…”
Was I sitting down?
I sat there and let go. I wept, sobbed uncontrollably, and sucked in air that wasn’t available. How could this be happening? I needed to talk to Oli. I wanted Oli. Oh God! Why? I’m not sure how long I sat there and wailed. I presumed it was quite a while. I had finally shed the last of the tears that were left in me and stared off into nowhere.
 I couldn’t move. I couldn’t feel and I was numb. I sat there until it was dark. I could see shadows and then, nothing; darkness. I sat there until my body couldn’t take it anymore. I felt like I had died too.


The days that followed were filled with people coming in and out of Julia’s home, with questions I had no idea how to answer, endless amounts of condolences, and preparations for a day that I just wanted to be over.
The hours seemed to blend together; I had no idea what day it even was. I continued to be in a fog, a daze, and stupefied beyond belief. I hadn’t allowed myself to stop moving. I was afraid to. If I stopped moving, I would crash. I couldn’t acknowledge anything, not the house that she grew up in, not the memories everywhere I turned, not the smells that reminded me of her, and not the sounds that she would make. I moved around on auto-pilot, trying to avoid flashbacks. I just needed to get through these last days. My only concern was Julia. Had it not been for her, I would have gotten the hell out of there as fast as I could.
“Do you want some coffee or tea, Sebby?” Julia asked; I couldn’t help but notice that she looked exactly how I felt.
“Just some water will be fine. Have you been sleeping, Babygirl?” She opened the fridge and brought me a bottle of water.
“Have you been sleeping?” she responded sarcastically as I followed her to the couch.
“This all feels so surreal. Parents aren’t supposed to bury their kids. You’ve barely been speaking, Sebby.” She turned and dropped her legs over mine; I moved my hand up and touched her hair.
 “How can this be happening? I don’t understand.” I could hear the sorrow in her voice. “What are we going to do? I don’t understand. The toxicology report said that she was drinking, her alcohol level showed 0.19. Why would Oli go swimming when she was drunk, and when did Oli even drink? This is all so confusing.” 
She broke down and cried. I moved to hold her in my arms. I couldn’t cry. If I started, I wouldn’t be able to stop. I wanted to tell her so many things. I wanted to tell her everything was going to be okay. I wanted to tell her that I was sorry, that I loved her and would always be there for her. I would have done anything to take her pain away.
I wanted to tell her that I knew. That I had spoken to Olivia mere hours before her body was found, that she had called me. That we had been lying to her for years behind her back. That if it were our choice, we would be together now, she would still be with us, I wouldn’t have lost her. I couldn’t bear the thought, now here we were, and Olivia was the one that was gone. She died hating me. I felt responsible. It was my fault. I should have called someone or done something. I didn’t…I let her die. 
Over the years I just hurt her, until she finally had enough. 
This whole situation was fucked up. I had saved one of my best friends, and lost the other. It was all my fault, I had done this. I should have told her that. I should have confessed. 
I didn’t. She would hate me and I couldn’t lose both of them…I wouldn’t survive it. 
I would give anything to bring Olivia back. 
I didn’t say that; I didn’t say anything. 
I held her until she couldn’t cry anymore, until I heard her breathing evened out and knew that she had finally cried herself to sleep, but sleep never came for me. I knew my subconscious was trying to protect me from what I had known was true. Olivia was gone.
This was it. This was the last day that I would ever see, my Oli. I tightened my tie through the mirror, studying my face, searching for something, anything. There was nothing. I was so empty, yet the pain was unbearable. 
“You look very handsome,” Julia smiled, approaching me. I turned toward her and she straightened my tie. Her hand rested on my chest as she smiled up at me.
“You doing okay?” I asked for at least the hundredth time.
I shouldn’t have asked. She heaved in a wailing breath and the tears were once again running down her face. I pulled her to me and held her close.
“I can’t do it, Sebby,” she sobbed. 
“Shhh, I’m going to be right there with you,” I tried. I would be right there with her. I just hoped like hell I was able to hold myself up while holding her up. “Go clean those raccoon eyes and I will change my shirt,” I beckoned.
She laughed a short laugh. “I’m sorry,” she apologized, smearing the makeup even more into my shirt.
“It’s okay, Babygirl. Let’s go say goodbye to our Oli,” I shouldn’t have said that either. It was all I could do not to throw myself on the floor, curl into a fetal position and lose it myself. 
I tried. I really did; I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t make myself walk to the front of that morbid room to see her. I didn’t want to remember her lying lifeless in a coffin. I couldn’t fucking handle that. I wanted to be there for Julia. I couldn’t. She said her goodbyes, securely held up by her parents, one on each side. That was better…right? She should be with her family. 
I felt the lonely tear slide down my cheek as I watched the silver coffin being lowered beneath the ground. I let my mind contemplate what was happening. 
I let my mind and body go to a dark place within myself.
Where there was no Olivia. 
Or hope. 
And no happily ever after. 
The one lonely tear was soon followed by more and more, until I was breathless.
I saw the pitiful stares from our parents, as Julia embraced me and cried with me. That was our goodbye. We held each other up and cried our farewells to a girl that was no longer with us. She would never be with us again. At that moment, I consciously stopped my mind from going where it had been. If I didn’t stop asking what, why, and how, I would lose my mind. That wouldn’t do Julia, our families, or myself one bit of good. As hard as it was, I had to let go.  


<>*<>Y<>*<>


After getting poked, prodded, and pulled in more ways than one, I was standing in the elevator on my way up to the eleventh floor, condo 1112. My Madam’s condo, I mean, my condo. This was going to take some getting used to. The building was a high-rise in downtown Miami. I was on one of the top floors. I wondered if the other girls lived there as well, or if she had us spread out. The elevator dinged, bringing my attention back. I stepped into the hallway, moving in the direction of my new home. It was then that I realized I didn’t have a key. I thought about knocking, that didn’t make sense. Before giving it any more thought, I quickly opened the door. Directly stepping into an open floor plan of a living room, kitchen, and dining room; what really caught my attention was the wrap around frameless glass view from floor to ceiling. 
I brought my hands up to my mouth. “Holy shit!” I had a view of the whole intercostal Atlantic Ocean. 
“I’m glad it impresses you, Bella Rosa.” Jerking my head around, I saw Madam, who seemed to appear out of thin air. She looked as glamorous as always wearing a white suit. I thought about how many of those suits she owned. I bet one in every color.	
“Wow! I don’t even know what to say. This is unreal, I’ve never been in anything like this before,” she smiled and walked over to me, pulling me into a hug; I mean, she pulled me into a real hug. I easily hugged her back. It seemed so natural, like I’d been hugging this woman for years. She stepped away and kissed me right on the tip of my nose.
“Well, get used to it my precious girl.” She grabbed my hand and spun me around. 
“I mean, look at you. You are radiant. I love the caramel highlights, it brings out your eyes. I’m glad we left the length. It doesn’t matter what anybody says, long hair will always be in. Plus, it gives your clients something to pull,” she added, winking at me. 	
“The makeup is flawless, not too much- just enough, and the mani and pedi look marvelous.” Raising an eyebrow at me, she asked, “How was the wax?”
“Painful,” I said and she laughed and smiled. 
“It will get easier. Now come.” Holding my hand, she walked me into a room that had the same view. 
“Is this my bedroom?” Looking around at the room, there was a black leather headboard with white bedding and all sorts of throw pillows. Two glass looking end tables, a glass armoire in one corner, a full length mirror on the other, and an accent chair and rug. And to top it all off, a crystal chandelier, bringing soft subtle lighting. 
“Yes, I picked the colors just for you. You remind me of a pretty, pretty princess, and every princess deservers color. This is not what I wanted to show you.” We continued walking through the biggest bathroom I had ever seen. Marble floors and showers, Greek columns supporting detailed archways, elegant detailed gold fixtures, glass sink bowls, and a gigantic Roman soaker tub that could fit four people. We stopped at two solid mahogany doors. 
“Now this…this is what dreams are made of.” She opened both doors and my jaw dropped. Endless rows of clothes, shoes, and purses. All of it color coded by style and design, the middle had two islands that held panties, bras, lingerie, bikinis, and jewelry. I had stepped in Couture heaven, everything was name brand; it was a fortune.	“Darling, close your jaw, it’s not ladylike.” Handing me a simple black dress, I couldn’t help but notice the label said Valentino. 
“Put this on. I can assume that you like what you see,” she said.
“This is all for me?” I asked.
“Of course, who else would it be for, Bella Rosa?” 
“All of this…the condo, the furniture, the clothing. I mean…it’s so much. How can you…I mean where…I don’t und-”. She put her finger up to my lips.
“I’m very good at what I do, and by that, I mean you. My girls provide a comfortable income for you as well as I. I treat you like you treat me. We both carry mutual respect and admiration for each other. We’re partners, Ysabelle, through and through. I will always take care of you. Please, start trusting in that.” I nodded.
“Now. Please change into that and pick out whatever heels you’d like. I suggest some color. I will be waiting in the living room. Would you like a glass of wine?”
“Yes, please,” I replied. Before changing into the dress, I grabbed a new black lacy see-through bra and panty set. I slipped into the dress and chose red stiletto heels. I also added some light silver jewelry from Tiffany’s. I left my hair in the waves, fluffed it out some and reapplied a bit of makeup. I stared at myself in the mirror; I didn’t look that much different. Except I felt different, I felt beautiful and taken care of. For the first time in my life, I felt safe. 
On my way out, I snatched a matching black Valentino clutch. Madam was on the phone when I walked in. She handed me my glass of wine, and smiled while giving me a thumbs up with her eyes, scanning my body.
“Yes, of course, Gabriel. I have my best girls coming tonight. Mmm hmm, I will also be escorting one of my new jewels, Ysabelle.” I could hear the other person’s muffled voice on the other end. 
“She is a diamond in the rough. You know I don’t throw my girls in the deep end, when they don’t know how to swim. It’s not my style. She will remain hands off for tonight. Don’t you worry, she’ll come out to play soon. Yes, okay, Ciao Tesoro.” She ended the call and dropped her phone in her clutch. She finished her wine and refilled another. 
“You are picture-perfect; so beautiful.” She reached in her bag. 
“Now, I don’t condone too much drug usage. I have seen too many girls go downhill at alarming rates, because they couldn’t stop. Recreational use is okay. I trust that you know the difference, yes?” she asked.
“I have done drugs, they aren’t really my thing,” I replied.
“Yes, they aren’t really my thing either, though under the circumstances, I think this might help.” She opened a silver jeweled container where the lid had a nozzle, and she brought it up to her left nostril and then her right.
“Have you ever done cocaine?” she asked.
“Yes, I’ve tried it a few times.” 
“Fabulous, then I don’t have to explain.” She handed me the container. I guess it was my turn. I carry on as she did and handed it back to her. Not even ten seconds later, I could already feel the drip at the back of my throat. I sniffed and swallowed, damn this shit was strong. My face felt numb, my eyes watered, and I rubbed my lips together. My surroundings became brighter and clearer, and I could feel my perceptions sharpen. I downed my wine in one gulp. Suddenly, I felt comfortable and confident. Madam was smiling. She was always smiling. 
“Good, huh?” she asked.
“Yes, I feel better. Thank you,” I replied.
“Madam knows best, trust that too. Now that we’re pretty and polished, we should get going, the driver awaits.”
The limo ride was quiet. Madam spent most of the ride talking on her phone. I didn’t understand a word of what she was saying, it sounded Italian. I thought about nothing and everything as I stared out the window. My heart was beating a mile a minute. I was sure if I had looked in the mirror, all I would see would be black irises. I couldn’t help but watch my Madam, her mannerisms and demeanor; she exuded wealth and beauty. She was everything that I wanted to be. 
I wanted to ask so many questions. I wanted to know everything about her. I wanted to know who she was, where she came from. She was such a mystery to me, like a puzzle that I wanted put together. She said I could ask her anything that I wanted, I was too new and didn’t want to seem eager. I wished she would voluntarily tell me these things without my asking. My thoughts were racing as much as my pulse was. I was fucked up. I started playing with my hair, a nervous habit from early childhood. Fuck it, I had nothing to lose. She came after me. I didn’t go after her.
“Lei è in per una vera delizia. Mmm hmm…Ciao.” She hit end on her phone.
“I can hear your thoughts all the way from over here, Bella Rosa. How about you share?”
“I was admiring you. You’re so put together. It’s inspiring,” I boasted.
“And…” 
“Well…I don’t really know much about you. Other than what you do. I mean…I’m not trying to be nosy or anything. Just curious,” I said, fidgeting with my fingernails.
“It’s rude to not look someone in the face as you talk to them, Ysabelle.” That immediately made me look up. I recognized that Madam called me by my name when she was upset. I didn’t want to make her upset. 
“Much better. There’s not much to know. I’m not married. I don’t believe in it. I have seven beautiful girls that I consider my own. I live and breathe VIP. I travel, I love, and I live. Period. Exclamation point. Anything else?” Ok…let’s try this again.	
“Madam, with all due respect that doesn’t make me know you any more than the driver,” I said, smiling, trying to ease the tension that I’ve created. I saw it on her face and just like that, it was gone. She was back to Madam, for that one second I could sense she was trying to determine how to approach me. 
“I mean, you know everything about me, without even my consent if I may add. I think it’s only fair I get to know you. Don’t you think? I’m putting a lot on the line for you. I don’t know you, yet you want me to unconditionally trust you, mentally, emotionally, and especially physically. You could be a murderer for all I know and you’re just trying to butter me up. You can understand that I may have concerns?” I tried to sound confidant, Thank God cocaine has that ability to do that for you.  
“I love this. Where has this Ysabelle been hiding? It took exactly three days for you to stop being a pussy. I’m sure my friend Blow has some influence over that. That’s what she’s good at.” She poured us champagne and handed me a glass. 
“You and I are a lot alike, Ysabelle. I believe that maybe one of the reasons that I chose you, despite your pitiful upbringing, you have a lot of fight in you. I admire that. I don’t need weak women working for me. This is a tough industry. You have to have the capability to fuck, without remorse. No love is involved, Ysabelle. This isn’t a Pretty Woman knock off. Do you understand?” she asked while I sipped my champagne. 
“I understand. I don’t have a problem with that. You see Madam, I don’t believe in love. To me it’s a Hallmark holiday. I don’t need it and I don’t want it. I’ve been on my own ever since I can remember; my pathetic excuse for a mother taught me one thing and that’s to rely on myself. I have the capabilities, as you say, to do whatever the fuck I put my mind to.” She smiled.	
“Bella Rosa, my beautiful girl…this is the beginning of a lovely relationship. If anything else trust in that. The rest will come.” I nodded. I did trust her, for whatever reason, I trusted her.
We arrived at a gate that opened for us without being buzzed in. Someone was expecting us, I presumed. We pulled to the entrance and my door was opened for me. I took the gentleman’s hand and let him help me out. I waited for Madam, who quickly took my arm and escorted me inside. We walked through an entrance that was just as impressive as Madam’s. A man who could have been George Clooney’s twin immediately greeted us.
“Welcome,” he offered, kissing Madam on both cheeks. 
“Gabriel.” Madam smiled, so this is Gabriel. 
“Let me introduce you to Ysabelle.” He leaned forward, took both my hands, and kissed my knuckles. 
“You are a beauty.” Madam and him quickly exchanged looks, as if they were speaking some silent language. 
“Ysabelle, I am going to excuse myself, please make nice. Gabriel, do you mind seeing to her? How about you two make nice,” she said with a wink of her eye. 
“Not at all. It would be my pleasure.” He looped his arm within mine and led me toward a terrace. I couldn’t help to look back at Madam who was smiling with a huge grin. Was this a test?	
“I have heard a lot about you, Ms. Ysabelle. Madam has high hopes for you. In my history with her she’s never been wrong. What do you think?” 
“You mean you’re not going to think for me?” I replied coyly. he laughed.
“No love, I like my women like I like my liquor…smooth and easy,” he said and I laughed. I couldn’t help it, he was funny. 
“Then you’ve come to the right place, I hear I’m in the business of being easy.” We reached the terrace. I noticed that he left the doors opened. I walked over to the balcony and admired the view.
“This view is breathtaking.” I felt a solid chest behind me, moving my hair to the side. 
“You’re breathtaking,” he retorted as he kissed the side of my neck, nipping on my earlobe with his teeth. 
“I thought I wasn’t allowed to come out and play yet? Aren’t you breaking the rules?” I softly spoke. He turned me, roughly to face him. 	
“You heard that, huh? Let’s pretend you didn’t.” He grabbed the back of my neck and traced the edge of my lips with his tongue. His breathing was erratic and heavy. 
“You have the most amazing lips. They were made for dick sucking. You know that right? You and your amazing dick sucking lips, I think we should prove that theory. You want to suck my cock, Ysabelle, my beautiful, Ysabelle?”
“Actually,” I said close to his ear in a raspy whisper, “they were made for tantalizing, for pleasing who I want them to please. Don’t get me wrong, Gabriel, I think you would be very please-able. You are a very attractive man, and hmmmm, you smell fucking amazing,” I said, letting the cocaine over dramatize my performance. “However, we do this on Madam’s terms first, and then mine. Do you understand what I am saying to you, Gabriel?” I asked, letting my fingers dance on the back of his neck.
I fucking stunned the hell out of him. I think he was under the assumption that his control would over power my own, and he would have me eating out of his hand in no time. Wrong. I didn’t work that way, well, unless Madam told me to work that way which I highly doubted she would. She didn’t work that way either.
“Gabriel,” I heard Madam’s voice as he pulled away from me. “You’re not trying to intimidate my girl, are you?” she asked, smiling the proudest smile at me.
Madam walked over to me and circled my waist with her hand, spinning me back to the stone wall. She never once told me what to do. She placed her hand in the center of my back and I rested my hands on the wall. I had no idea what the hell she was up to. 
“Would you like a sample, Gabriel?” she inquired, sliding my dress up my hips.
“You know I would, Madam.”
“I think we can oblige, but just a taste,” she said in her low powerful tone that mesmerized me. 
“Would you like to know what heaven feels like, Gabriel?” Madam provoked as I felt her pull the elastic of my panties to the side.
He never answered with words. It was more like a grumble or something. I turned slightly to see him standing to the left of me. He made the same rumbling noise as I felt his fingers glide down my wet folds. He rubbed me back and forth, and fuck did it feel amazing. I wanted to come. I’m not sure if it was him, or his fingers, or if it was Madam watching, hell, maybe the cocaine even played a part. I don’t know, I do know that I wanted release. I wanted it so bad. He became firmer and more demanding, and then suddenly, he forcefully pushed two fingers into my pussy, I yelped and moaned simultaneously. 
“Fuck, she’s tight. I can barely get two fingers inside her. Are you sure she’s not a virgin, Madam?” 
“I’m sure. Now you need to stop finger fucking my protégé. You know the rules Gabriel, no pay no play.” She reached for his wrist and pulled him away from me. I felt my panties being replaced and my dress being put back into place. Shit, I didn’t want him to stop. 
We had a nice dinner, very expensive wine, and I sat amazed listening to the sophistication of their conversation. The room reeked of money and decadence. I sat by Gabriel who wouldn’t stop staring at me. It was a bit intimidating at first, then I just played into it. 
I grabbed the cherry that was in my drink, brought it to my lips, and sucked on it while my fingers played with the stem. I lifted my eyes in a seductive way to see him and he was entranced with my mouth. 
I heard him clear his throat and I subtly laughed. He leaned over to whisper in my ear.
“You’re teasing me,” he hissed, hearing the desperation in his voice. 
“Is that what I’m doing?” I coyly answered, “Here I thought I was eating a cherry. Would you like my cherry, Gabriel?” 
“Badly.” 
“Well it’s been in my mouth, I’ve licked and sucked on it.” 
“I’d like to put something else in your mouth,” he reassured.
“Now now…is that any way to talk to a lady? Where are your manners?” 
“They stopped the moment I felt your g-spot.” 
“Maybe if you play your cards right, you’ll get to feel it again.” He grinned and pulled away from me and I continued to assault my cherry.
We drank one more glass of wine before Gabriel walked us out.
The drive back in the limo was quiet. I gazed out the window unaware of where Madam’s eyes were.
“Go ahead, darling. You deserve it,” she finally spoke.
“Excuse me?” I said. I wasn’t sure what she was talking about. Did she think I had something to say about what happened? I didn’t. I was fine with it other than I still needed relief.
“Remove your panties and take care of your ache,” she ordered.
I sat up a little straighter. “Um…that’s okay. I’m fine,” I tried.
“Ysabelle, I thought that we had an understanding. When I order you to do something, I mean for you to do it. Anytime I tell you to do something, it is never up for debate. Can we please get this under control now?”
I wasn’t sure how to respond. I sat staring, with my mouth agape. 
“Ysabelle…remove your panties and please yourself,” she ordered again. I swallowed and slid out of my panties. I started to run my fingers down my wet throbbing pussy. I moaned instantly. This situation made it feel so fucking intense. I knew it was the fact that my Madam was sitting right beside of me. I didn’t think the intenseness could be stronger than it was. It could. Madam moved from beside me to in front of me, placed her hand on my knee and spread me more.
Her face was so intent, so serious as she watched my fingers affectionately dance around my clit. My eyes never left her face, and hers never left my pussy. 
She did look up to my eyes as soon as I whimpered. Fuck. I was going to come. 
“That’s it, pretty Bella,” she spoke as I brought myself to bliss, staring directly into her eyes.
Chapter 10

<>*<>S<>*<>

They say time heals all wounds. That’s a bunch of bullshit. It didn’t matter how many months, weeks, days, hours, minutes, or seconds went by. I couldn’t get Olivia out of my mind. I couldn’t stop blaming myself. Every time I closed my eyes I saw her face, heard her voice, or felt her touch. She was ingrained in my soul. 
Not one day went by where I didn’t think about her. I regretted everything and I felt nothing. I spent the next few years of my life drinking, partying, sleeping around, and studying. School and sex became my way of living. I kept my mind occupied on getting through the day. The one regret that I had the most, that never seemed to go the fuck away, was the fact that we were never truly together. 
She consumed my thoughts and my dreams. I wished that I could go back and just deal with the fallout, let what would have happened just be. 
 “Mr. Vanwell.” I heard as Professor Wills called, interrupting the rant in my mind.
“Yes?” I replied, looking up. 
“Would you like to elaborate on our discussion?”
Shit. I had no clue what the hell he had been saying for the last thirty minutes. That’s because, the only thing on my mind was Olivia. 
“Sorry, I guess I was a little distracted.”
“You seem to be distracted a lot, lately. Maybe you should review your options and decide what is really important to you.”
“No, no. I’m fine. I’ll pay attention,” I lied. I couldn’t pay attention. I couldn’t stop thinking about Oli to save my life.
“Hey man, you coming over to Andrew’s party? You only turn twenty-one once.” 
“Yeah, I’ll stop by.”
I walked out the double doors straight into the New York winter. Damn, I missed Florida. This 20-degree weather was frigid. 
I reached the party a little after midnight. I had met up with some friends prior to the party to get slightly fucked up before arriving.
I walked into the smell of beer and weed. I had never been much for drugs, but that didn’t mean I wasn’t around it. 
“Seb, damn man, you finally made it. I was beginning to think you forgot about me.” Andrew said, handing me a shot.
“Nope, wouldn’t miss it.” 
I hung out with the boys for a few more rounds of beers and Tequila shots. The blunt was being passed around and I was so fucked up that I didn’t realize that I had it on my lips until I inhaled and started coughing up a lung. 
I heard laughter all around me, “Virgin lungs, you pussy. You gotta cough to get off.” Tony stated. 
“Fuck” cough “you.” 
“Take one more hit and then puff puff pass, brother.” 
I was entirely too fucked up. I needed to go lay down. I found the first room I could find and toppled over on my back. I stared at the ceiling for God knows how long, contemplating life, until I heard my phone ring. 
I grabbed it from my back pocket and saw Julia’s face. 
“Fuck. I can’t answer you right now, Babygirl.” I clicked decline and a text message came through seconds later.

J – What are you doing? I miss you. I want to talk. 

I really tried to reply; I couldn’t see the keys if my life depended on it. I tried anyway, until I heard a giggle. I looked up and saw a blonde that I recognized from my Business Law class. 
“Hi,” she chuckled walking over to me and lying beside me. 
“What are we looking at? You seemed lost in thought,” she said with a smile. 
“Oh you know…a little of this…a little of that,” I answered with a grin. 
She turned her head to look at me, “You want to know what I’m thinking about?” 
“Why not,” I breathed out turning to look at her. 
“I want to suck your dick.” 
You would think this would surprise me, except this wasn’t the first time this had happened. Girls in college were easy. It didn’t take much to get them to spread their legs. I’m not trying to sound like a cocky bastard, it was the truth. 
I did what any normal man would do. I let her suck my dick. 
I grabbed the back of her head with both hands while she deep throated me so far in the back of her throat I thought she might throw up. She had no gag reflex and sucked me like a fucking pro. 
It usually took me forever to come when I was drunk, within minutes she was milking my dick with her hand until I came. She went as far as swallowing and saying “you’re welcome.” 
This is what my life had become. I had completely lost myself. I continued on like this for the next few years. I didn't care who the girl was, if she was willing to fuck or suck me, I was game. Maybe it was a distraction; maybe it was my way of coping. Whatever it was, it became me, defining me as someone I wasn't. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Where is that noise coming from? What the hell is that? I moved my arms to where I heard the noise. I didn’t want to open my eyes. Damn what time was it? Thank God it stopped. I rolled over and made myself comfortable once again. Not even a minute later and I heard the doorbell. Damn it. I woke up stumbling and opened the first drawer of my nightstand. Intending to find a t-shirt, but all the drawer seemed to have was nighties. I grabbed the first one and put it on over my head as I walked to the door. Before I even reached it, the door opened on its own. 
“Thank you love, yes right over there by the breakfast bar.” Madam ushered the man with a tray of every breakfast food designed by man. 
“Good morning, Bella Rosa.” It’s morning, it seemed more like early dawn to me. I smiled. She had to have learned by now that I was not a morning person. 
“Darling, good to know that you still look just as amazing in the morning as you do when you’re put together. That will come in handy. Come on, don’t fuck around, the day awaits,” she said as she smacked my butt to get me to move. 
“El café con leche is on the table. Drink some, it will make you feel better.” 
	“Mmm hmm,” was all I could come up with...I looked over at the clock on the microwave. 
“6:30 a.m. Really? Couldn’t this have waited, till I don’t know, noon maybe?” I asked. She handed me my cup of coffee. 
“Early bird gets the worm, Bella Rosa, and we have a mighty big worm to conquer today.” I shook my head looking over at the array of breakfast items that were sitting on my breakfast bar. 
“You should have asked me what I like to eat, Madam. That is way too much food. I usually just like coffee and granola bar for breakfast. I mean maybe oatmeal, that over there is ridiculous. You could feed a small army.” She smiled. 
“Well yes, it is a little extravagant, isn’t it? Darling, it isn’t from me. It’s from Gabriel.” I looked away from the food and looked over at Madam.
“What?”
“Did I stutter? You heard me. It’s from Gabriel. Ysabelle, I don’t like to repeat myself,” she said while holding the bridge of her nose. “You need to get used to all of this, because this is nothing. Ugh, this is why I never had children, I have no patience,” she made an exaggerated sigh and took a sip of her coffee. 
“All right, for you I will try. Come here.” She grabbed my hand and led me over to the couch. 
“Gabriel is very taken with you, as he should be, I mean look at you. Anyway, this right here,” she gestured toward the food, “is nothing; I mean, it’s actually pretty basic if you ask me. If he really wanted to make an impression he would have sent some jewelry and flowers; Gabriel can be rather selfish like most men,” she said as she inspected her nails. 
“Here’s the deal. This is Gabriel’s way of saying he wants your pussy. I don’t know how I feel about that yet. We have a Gala that we’ve been asked to attend. I think it would be better if we waited until then to showcase your availability. We could test the waters, so to say, to highest bidder. What do you think?”
“I don’t care, Madam. I mean, I wouldn’t mind being with Gabriel, he seemed nice enough.” She watched me carefully and put her hand on mine.
“Lovely girl, you’re selling yourself short. You are like a classic wine that hasn’t been uncorked yet, men will pay top dollar for the first taste.” 
“Oh, I understand,” I said, still sounding a little skeptical. “I’m not a virgin.” 
“Yes, but you are to this industry. My clients will know that. This isn’t my first rodeo, Ms. Telle. Trust me. Well then, another rule to add to our relationship. No doubting yourself, first and foremost don’t doubt me, okay?” she mused and I nodded. 
“I’m glad we cleared that up. Now, I need you to jump in the shower, the ob-gyn should be here in thirty minutes. He needs to check you out, give you the shot, and then we are off to a few etiquette classes that I have scheduled for you. 
“Etiquette classes?” I asked.
“Yes, just standard stuff, mostly just proper dining skills and conversational skills. Then we are meeting the girls for lunch. I want you to start making friends.”
“Do all the girls live in this building?” 
“Some, I like all my girls to be scattered. They all live around here, only the best for my babies. Now, enough chit-chat, we will have enough of that later. Go get ready.” 
I stood and went to go get ready. Twenty minutes later I emerged in my living room to find that it now had a table with stirrups and all. Great. The older man who I assumed to be the doctor, was laying out tools that looked scarier than anything I had ever seen. Madam was out on the balcony, talking on the phone. I proceeded to the end of the couch and felt uncomfortable in my own skin. 
The older man turned and gave me a warm smile. 
“Ms. Telle, I presume?” he said.
“Ysabelle, my name is Ysabelle.” 
“Nice to meet you, Ysabelle, I am Dr. Patel. Do you know what we are going to do today?” 
“Kind of.” 
“Let me explain. I will be asking you a few questions, some will be more personal than others; I need to establish your sexual history as well as any medical issues. Then, I will be giving you a pap smear to make sure you’re healthy, and a normal physical as well. I will also be giving you an STD test and the Depo-Provera shot. The results will be ready quickly. Are you ready to begin?”
“I am.” As if on cue, Madam walked in. 
“Okay great, you’re here. Charles, are you about ready to go? We have a busy day ahead of us.” I guess Dr. Patel is Charles; I wonder how long they’ve known each other and if he knows what she does. 
Madam walked over to me and sat on the other end of the couch. 
“Bella Rosa, don’t be nervous, this is all standard. It’s a precaution for us to know that you’re healthy, plus we already discussed the preferred method of birth control. It will be fast and pain free, I promise.” For some reason, I felt at ease with Madam in the room, like she magically made everything better. 
The questions that Dr. Patel asked were what I was expecting. It wasn’t until I was spread eagle on the table did I really feel uncomfortable. I have never had a pap smear before and I hoped that everything came back normal. 
When he was done, I got dressed and Madam handed him a white envelope; she kissed him on the cheek, and he was out the door. 
“Ysabelle, what are those?” she said, pointing to my shoes.
“My sandals,” I answered.
“Better yet, what the hell are you wearing? Where did those clothes come from?”
“I brought some of my things with me from my apartment.” She proceeded to circle me with her finger on her lips and lightly chuckled.
“Do you think I like wasting money, Ysabelle?”
“No, of course not.” She abruptly left me and went into the kitchen where she grabbed a black garbage bag from under the sink and started walking toward the direction of my bedroom. I stood there, not knowing what to do, and then I decided to follow her; I treaded lightly. I did something wrong, I think I offended her. 
I walked into my bedroom and watched as she rummaged through all of my belongings and threw away everything that I had brought with me. Including my cell phone. When she was finished she walked over to me and looked pissed.
“Understand something, Ysabelle, don’t you ever take my gifts for granted; as quickly as they come they can go.”
“Wait, what? No, I didn’t do that. I appreciate it all; I just wanted something of mine. I worked very hard for all of my things, Madam. I’m not used to being taken care of, can you understand that?” I gave back as much attitude as I was getting. She needed to understand that I don’t cower down to anyone. This felt like it was a power exchange. 
“Ysabelle, that life is over now. You receive extravagant things and don’t wear sandals from Target. Everything in that closet is for you. You exude money and power, learn it, live it, and fucking love it. Yes?” she demanded, I nodded. 
“Great! Now take off those fucking clothes, and put some real Goddamn clothes on. Ladies wear heels, even if they are walking to the dumpster.” With that she grabbed the trash bag of my clothing and walked out of my room. I guess we’re done with the conversation. 
 I dressed in a pair of Marciano skinny jeans, Gucci off the shoulder gray top, and black Louboutin stilettos. As soon as I walked into the living area, Madam’s smile lit up the room. 
“There, don’t you feel better? Honestly…you can’t tell me you don’t feel like a million bucks, because you sure do look it.” I didn’t really want to agree with her, but I couldn’t help it. I did feel better about myself in the clothes, she did have a point. I guess that was her reasoning for wanting me to dress like that. 
“Actually, I do, Madam. I can see where you’re coming from. I’m sorry.” 
“It’s already forgotten, silly girl.” I grabbed my purse and we were out the door. I followed Madam to the parking garage, assuming a chauffeur would be waiting for us. I heard an alarm set to a car and followed where it was coming from, a white Mercedes CLS caught my attention. 
“Wow, that’s one hell of a car,” I said while walking to the passenger side. She slid her hand into mine with the keys. 
“Great, because it’s yours.” 
“What the fuck? Are you kidding? I haven’t even made any money yet.”
“Ysabelle.” I could hear her frustrated tone. 
“Thank you, Madam,” was all I could say. No more complaints or questions. Just thank you and I understand. She smiled at that and started to walk over to the passenger side. 
I spent the morning at the etiquette classes, while Madam spent the time on her phone. The classes were fairly easy. It was explained to me in English, but I just didn’t understand why there needed to be several different types of silverware for one meal. 
On the ride to meet the other girls for lunch, I was a bit nervous. I wanted them to like me, I’ve never really cared about what people thought of me, but with these girls, I wanted them to think that I was beautiful and smart. I wanted them to think that I was one of them. 
We parked and entered Prime on Ocean drive at 1:00 p.m.
“Good afternoon, Madam, the ladies are here. I will escort you to your table, the usual? 
“Yes, Victor, and also for Ysabelle.” 
“Of course,” he replied. I couldn’t help but wonder if Madam had everyone eating out of the palm of her hand. We walked to a secluded room in the back where I immediately noticed seven breathtaking women. I felt like I just stepped into the Playboy Mansion. 
“Ysabelle,” they all said in unison. I was greeted with kisses on each cheek and hugs by all of them. My nerves subsided and I finally felt at ease. We all took our seats and I sat at the head of the table while Madam sat at the other side. 
“My beautiful babies, I am so glad we all got a chance to do lunch. I know your schedules have been rather hectic lately. I’m thrilled that you were able to give Ysabelle such a warm welcome.” 
I met all of the ladies one by one. 
Victoria is a Russian beauty, light brown hair, baby blue eyes, petite nose, and pink pouty lips. Her accent is to die for. She’s twenty-three and had been with VIP for two years. 
Milania is Italian with long curly black hair, dark baby-doll brown eyes, strong cheekbones, and thin lips. She’s twenty-one and had also been with VIP for two years. 
Nicolette is Swedish with medium length platinum blonde hair, sea blue eyes, apple shaped face, and perfect straight teeth. She’s twenty-two and had been with VIP for a year. 
Louka is Hawaiian; long, straight brown hair, brown Asian eyes, slender nose, and smile to die for. She’s twenty-three and had been with VIP for four years. 
Tyra is African American with light brown skin, curly hair, honey colored eyes, oval shaped face, and plumper lips than mine. She’s twenty and had been with VIP for two years. 
Layla is a California native with dirty blonde hair, green eyes, prominent facial features, and thin lips. She’s twenty-three and had been with VIP for three years. 
And last but not least, the beautiful Brooke. She’s twenty-two and had been with VIP for four years. She’s the veteran of the group. 
All the women varied with heights, sizes, and styles. They all had one thing in common though; they all exuded this confidence that you could feel just coming through the door, they wore their sexuality on their sleeves. Their demeanors, conversations, and mannerisms scream, “look at me!” 
I quickly made friends with all the girls, I still hit it off the most with Brooke; maybe it’s because we shared something intimate or our personalities just clicked. 
I felt like I was a part of something. 
I felt like I had a family.
It felt like home. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I felt nails skim my chest. “Hey baby, wake up.” I moved my head to the sound of the voice. I opened my eyes to a pair of emerald green eyes, staring back at me. 
Fuck…I did it again. I was officially done with Jack Daniels. I groaned and moved to get up, hoping this chick would take the hint and get the hell out of my apartment.
 “I guess I wore you out, huh? I’ve been known to do that a time or two,” she laughed at herself and stretched her body, reminding me of a cat. I found a Tri Delta shirt and skirt on the floor and tossed them in her direction. She reached for them and started to dress. Thank God the girl could take a clue! That was why I slept with sorority chicks; no harm, no foul. They were looking for a good time, and all I wanted to do was come and get them the fuck out. I must have gotten pretty fucked up. I never let them stay the night.
“Well that was fun! I’m glad I finally got to experience Sebastian Vanwell, before you graduated. The gossip and rumors are true about you. I’ll report back that you were even better than what I’ve heard.” I smiled, what else was I supposed to do? Like I cared about what people said. I was graduating in a few months and all I wanted to do was start the next chapter of my life. 
She finally left, and made sure to leave her name and phone number on my fridge. I tore it off and threw it in the garbage. The years were filled with nothing, just grief. I had fallen into a deep depression of booze and women, and I thanked my lucky stars that I didn’t fuck up school and was graduating in the spring.
 I got ready and headed out to the gym. I became obsessed with working out. It was the only time I allowed my mind to wander. I can’t explain how much guilt and anger I held within. Some days it ate me up inside to the point where I didn’t even want to get out of bed. Other days I didn’t want to see or talk to anyone. I had successfully pushed away most of my loved ones, as much as I tried to push Julia away she wouldn’t let me. She called me at least once a day, sometimes I answered, most of the time it went to voicemail. 
Speak of the devil; her ears must have been burning. 
“Hello,” I answered.
“Sebastian Vanwell, what the hell? I have been calling you for the last week and have left voicemail after voicemail for you to call me back. I’ve been texting you like crazy. Have you even checked them? I could have been hurt or something. I mean what the fuck, Sebastian? You aren’t the only one that’s hurting…you’re so fucking selfish…God…I’m over your self-loathing bullshit. The anniversary of her death is tomorrow, you prick! I wanted to do something with you,” she took a deep breath. 
“Ugh!! You know what? I don’t even want to talk to you anymore. If you want to live your life alone with no one around, Sebastian, be my fucking guest, because I’m done with you. You think for one second that Olivia would have wanted this to happen to you? I mean, do you think that she would have been happy that I’ve barely seen or heard from you these last three years? You’re disgracing yourself, her, and me! YOU ASSHOLE!”
Click, I heard the dial tone. I threw the phone to the passenger seat and veered off to the next bar. 
Walking in and taking a seat, I told the bartender, “JD on the rocks please and keep them coming.” 
If I didn’t feel like a fuck up enough, that was just the icing on the cake. Julia was right. I had been the worst friend to her those last few years. It was the time that she needed me the most and I completely fucked it up. I was so lost…I didn’t know which way was up or which way was down. I failed two of the people I loved most in this world. I couldn’t help them and I couldn’t help myself.
 The only thing I knew what to do to forget, was to drink myself into a stupor. It made everything go away. If I could start all over I would take everything back and Olivia would still be here, nothing would have changed. The pain I felt was overwhelming. How did I let go? How did I forgive myself? How did I go on? I had no idea how to answer any of this. I resented all of my actions, my deceit; everything. How did I make amends with someone who is no longer here? All these unanswered questions… 
Her death haunted me every day. EVERY FUCKING DAY. I pictured that silver coffin being lowered below the dirt. I saw that stupid fucking box in that long thin room, being displayed for everyone to see. FUCK. I hated it. I couldn’t let go. I hurt her. Why didn’t I just do what I felt? Why did this shit have to even happen? 
Goddamn it…she should have still been here. She should have been enjoying her college years.
“Buddy, you sure you want another? I can call you a cab. Your car is safe here overnight. You’ve been here all day. I think it’s time to call it quits.” The bartender leaned over the bar and asked.
I laughed. “Like you know a damn thing about me…buddy.” 
“You’re right man, I don’t. What I do know is that drinking yourself into a coma isn’t going to change anything.”
I snorted. “I want another,” I assured him. I wasn’t ready to quit. I could still feel the pain. I needed it to stop.
“"Hey! I get it.” His statement caused me to look up at him.
“Look how bad I feel! See how I'm suffering! I'm pitiful! I'm pathetic! I’m punishing myself, can’t you see!” he said, waving his hands around in the air. 
“Everybody goes through pain man…life is never going to be completely positive. It's never going to rain gummy bears, gumdrops, or skittles. Keep your mouth open anyway, and embrace those moments in the rain...at one point you just have to click reset.” He walked away from me. “I’m calling you a cab.”
I heard my phone ding with a text message. I fetched it out of my pocket to see Julia’s face. I opened it up and read. 

“I love you, Sebby.”   

A moment of clarity…that’s all it took for me. I can’t even explain it. I saw the text message, I knew it was Julia’s face, I read the words from Julia, but it’s what I heard that sent chills through my spine.
Through my years of discontent and despair I had forgotten a number of things. Mostly things about Olivia, I couldn’t remember what she sounded like anymore. Her voice wasn’t clear to me. 
It was one of those things that you start to realize when you lose someone you love. I couldn’t remember the smell of her shampoo, the taste of her lip gloss, the sound of her laugh, the look in her eyes when she stared at me from across a room full of people; and I couldn’t hear the distinguished sound of her voice. 
I heard it that night. 
I heard her plain as day. 
It was instant, the exact same moment that I read the text message from Julia.
“Go.”
That’s all it took, I paid my bill and went to the waiting cab outside the door. “Take me to the airport,” I ordered the cab driver.
I had no clue what was going through my mind as I stared out into the dark night through the plane’s window. I sat by an older lady who clutched a big gray bag in her lap. 
“You going home or away from home?” she asked.
“Home,” I smiled, saying the word. I was going home. I turned back to the window, not trying to be rude, just wanting to let her know that I wasn’t really interested in conversation at the time. I had too much on my mind.
“You know, owning your burdens is half the battle,” she spoke again.
“Excuse me?”
“You seem to be carrying a heavy heart.”
“You might say that,” I smiled.
“Love?”
“You might say that too.”
“Are you going home to her now?”
“If she’ll have me. I’ve been pretty shitty to her, excuse me,” I said, catching my language.
“You can say shitty. Why have you not treated her well?”
“Um, it’s a long story.”
“We have three hours.”
“Okay…she lost her sister and I lost the love of my life. I’m afraid of never having that again.” What? Why the fuck was I telling this lady anything, let alone that. I had to still be drunk. 
“You were in love with the sister and now you’re in love with the one that remains?”
“It’s complicated,” I said a little smoother than I probably should have.
“I can keep up. Do you love her or are you doing this as an obligation.”
“I do love her. I have loved her since the day she was born. We grew up together.”
“You loved…what’s the other girl’s name?” 
“Her name was Olivia.”
“And the sister that you’re going home to?”
“Julia.”
“You love Julia, you just don’t love her the way that you loved Olivia?”
“No, I mean, yes, I do love Julia. I’m not sure what the hell I’m doing. I just know that I have to try. I have loved these two girls before I even knew what the word meant. I had lost myself along the way these last few years and I need Julia. For the first time in a long time, thinking about her makes me feel whole again. If that makes any sense at all,” I staggered. 
I didn’t want to talk to this lady about my relationship with my girls. I did. I poured it all out to her. She listened to me confess my deepest, darkest secrets. Every last one of them. She knew about Olivia and me sneaking around to keep from hurting Julia. She knew the burden I carried about being responsible for Olivia’s death. I spilled my heart and soul to the total stranger heading to Florida to see her sister. 
She touched my arm as we exited the plane and left me with this.
“The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself.”
I placed my hand over hers.
“Thank you.” She knew what I was thanking her for, she was one of those people that you just never forget, and I didn’t even know her name.
I took a cab to Julia’s apartment, ran up the steps and pounded frantically on Julia’s door. I knew she was sleeping. I knew it was late, I couldn’t stop. I had to do it, right that second. 
“Sebby? What the hell are you doing?” Julia asked, opening the door. The expression on her face is a look that I will never forget. The sight of her was breathtaking. 
She was the light in my darkness. She always was. I was just too stupid to realize it. I cupped the sides of her face and kissed her with as much love as I could invoke. 
“I love you, Babygirl. I love you so fucking much. I’m so sorry.”
“Sebastian, what are you talking about? You’re drunk. You smell horrible.”
“I’m not drunk, Jules. I’m here right now, telling you that I love you. I want you. I want you to love me back.”
I watched her take the back of her hand, trying to wipe away the tear. It was a happy tear, I could tell. 
“Tell me you want me. Tell me that you love me as much as I love you.”
“You know I do, Sebby. You know I always have.”
I had no intentions whatsoever in touching her that night. I grabbed a shower and walked out seeing her long blonde hair flowing around her face. She had one knee pulled to her chest as she watched me from the bed, just as intently as I watched her. I crawled in beside her and she laid down, placing her hand on my cheek. She smiled as I kissed the inside of her wrist.
“I love you, Babygirl,” I whispered as I moved closer to her lips. Her hands twirled in my hair and she moaned. Her lips felt silky and her skin smooth. Her tongue slipped into my mouth as I gently rolled her over, trying my best to show her that I loved her with my eyes, my touch, and my kisses. We explored each other’s bodies for the first time. We touched, sucked, and licked every corner and crevice. Nothing went uncharted.
We made love that night. 
I clicked reset. I was home.

Chapter 11

I didn’t want to go back to school, come Sunday. Julia and I spent the entire weekend together. We reconnected in more ways than one. We needed to see if this was truly going to work. Neither one of us were too worried about the distance and the time away from one another. It was going to be difficult to be away from her, even though I was graduating in three months. I was still pursuing my MBA, in New York. I had applied and was accepted months ago. 
I still had my life in New York that I was returning to. Julia had her life in Miami; she still had two years until she graduated from college and then law school. Both of us had so much ahead of us still. We both wanted to be successful and school would have to come first. As painful as it was to be away from each other, we would find a way to make it work. 
Julia was adamant about me downloading Skype when I got home. She said she couldn’t go a day without seeing my face. We had an amazing time and it wasn’t just the sex either. Although it was a damn plus, Julia was sensual and uninhibited sexually. I got to know a whole other side to this girl that I have known my entire life. 
Julia loved to be touched everywhere, she loved kissing, affection, and intimacy. It didn’t matter what position we were in, she had to have some sort of connection. Even when we were just lying around, some part of her body needed to be touching mine. She was a spider monkey. She was caught off guard with how vocal and controlling I was in bed, I could tell it turned her on.
She wasn’t a virgin and I didn’t expect her to be, I was grateful that she had only been with three other guys before me. None of which were very good, she claimed.  
 We laughed, talked, ate takeout, and watched the stupidest random things on TV. We barely watched any of it, because we were too busy getting reacquainted. Babygirl, was also a fiend, she wanted it all the time. I was happy to oblige as it was my mission to please her. 
She even turned on the pre-season games for the Marlins and Ray’s games. She booed the screen with me anytime the Yankees players came up to bat. I know what you’re thinking; I lived in New York and didn’t like the Yankees. Eh…they are a bunch of overpaid pussies. Julia didn’t make it any better when she said A-Rod was hot. I grabbed her by the waist and threw her on the bed, she laughed and called me sensitive. 
Leaving her that Sunday was damn near impossible, neither one of us wanted to be apart. As familiar as we were to each other, we were still learning and exploring different parts of one another. Which felt right. I felt it in my bones. 
We also celebrated the three year anniversary of Olivia’s death. We went to her gravestone, left some roses, and talked to her. There were no hard feelings on my part being there with Julia. It felt natural. Julia said that she thought Olivia would have been happy for us. I didn’t know how much of that statement was true, but I went along with it. It was bittersweet. I think with Oli’s death came darkness for both of us. Julia had told me how hard these last few years had been for her. It made me feel like an even bigger prick that I wasn’t there for her. But with her death, also came growth.
I had realized a lot about myself. Julia did as well. We matured and grew in separate ways, in ways that we may have not been able to do together. I didn’t think that Olivia or Julia had ever held me back or vice versa, I experienced life and everything in it on my own terms. 
I became a man.
Babygirl was also a damn bed hog. She liked to sleep on me or near me. I wasn’t used to sleeping with anyone and I needed some space, one way or another she found me. Which moved me to the edge of the bed. 
Sunday had finally come around and she woke up in my arms. 
“Good morning, Babygirl,” I yawned. 
“You have morning breath.” She moved to get out of the bed. 
I hooked my arm around her naked waist and pulled her to me, “So do you, I still love it, I still want you. You’re not going anywhere.” She squealed as I buried my face into her hair. It smelled like coconut. She always smelled edible. 
“Sebby, we have to get ready. We have just enough time to shower, eat breakfast, and take you to the airport.” 
“I don’t want to go. Come with me,” I said, pouting. 
“You know that’s not possible. Don’t make this any harder than it’s going to be. We will see each other in a few weeks, when I come to visit.” 
“Fine. We need to make a deal…no going more than four weeks without seeing each other.” 
“Promise,” she stated. 
“I think we should take a shower together to conserve water.” I smiled.
“Oh really? To conserve water, since when do you care about the environment,” she laughed.
“I’ve always cared about the environment.” 
“Uh huh, come on,” she shouted, grabbing my hand to bring me up. I reluctantly went and we spent the next hour in the shower. 
I held her in my arms as I waited to board my plane. God that was hard. I couldn’t let her go.
“Sebby, go. You're going to miss your flight,” Julia coaxed.
“I can't let you go, Babygirl.”
“You're not letting me go. I'm going to see you soon.” She kissed me and I kissed her again and boarded my plane.
Our parents found out shortly after, that we had finally gotten together. Our mothers immediately started talking about the wedding. 
We traveled to see each other every chance we had. We Skyped every night and some conversations were more interesting than others. We definitely got creative. 
Even though our lives were separate from one another, we were more committed to each other with each passing day. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>

My results from my ob-gyn came back all clear. I was healthy and free to move forward. The Gala was upon us and Madam was thrilled to be exhibiting me to the world, as she put it. Brooke and I became even closer. She had picked me up so that we could go find a dress for the event. She said we only needed to go to one place, Saks Fifth Avenue.
“Bella, what do you see yourself wearing? I honestly think you look great in everything; you have to have a preference,” she said as we walked around the store for the fourth time, she had found her dress immediately and I still couldn’t find anything that called to me. 
“I don’t know. Everything just seems so flashy, I don’t really like a lot of color.” We grabbed some more dresses and walked over to the dressing room. I changed in the dressing room while Brooke sat and waited. 
“Brooke, can I ask you something?” I asked, this was my chance to find out some stuff that was on my mind lately.
“Of course, you can ask me anything. You know that.”
“Well…I don’t really want Madam to know that I was…”
“Don’t worry babe, I understand. Go ahead, ask.”
“Well…is Madam always so…”
“Intense?” she replied. 
“Well, yes. She always seems to have everything so put together. I mean, never a hair out of place. You know what I mean. Every time I have tried to ask her something, it’s almost like she knows what I’m about to ask, without me even saying the words.” She laughed.
“That’s because she’s been doing this for a very long time. You know we aren’t her first girls. She was doing this long before we ever came along.” 
“Really? She doesn’t seem that old. I mean she can’t be older than her late forties.”
“True, but she was born into this. This business has been in her family for generations.”
“Huh, how do you know that?”
“The longer you’re with us the more you’re going to catch on. There’s a reason she picks us so young. She can mold us to what she wants us to be. I was eighteen when she found me, actually, most of us were or at least close to that age. We are similar in age so that we can all grow older together, it bonds us more. Our lifespan with VIP is about early thirties. Once we hit that she finds all new girls to recruit.
“Madam usually throws a party twice a year where all the girls come. Now that is crazy, getting to see all of the women. They come from all over the world. It’s amazing to see. She unites us, like a family. We’re like a huge sorority house, without all the cattiness and bitchiness. We all know what you’re going through, Bella, we’ve been there, and we all experience this together. So don’t ever think you can’t come to any of us. We’re an elite family; always and forever. 
“Madam is intense and she does like things to go her way. She means well. It’s a business; you need to remember that too. She always takes care of us. The men that we’re with are handsome, they aren’t your average Joes. It’s a change of everything; your lifestyle is never going to be the same.” 
“I understand,” I said in agreement.
“Okay great! I’m starving. I think you should try this one. White looks amazing on your tan skin.” I agreed and went to purchase it.
Brooke dropped me off and I went straight for my car. Without thinking, I found myself on Devon’s doorstep. He opened his door and instantly embraced me. 
“Kid, what an awesome surprise. Come in,” he said and I walked in, we sat on the couch. 
“Can I get you something to drink?” he asked. 
“Yeah, I’ll take a Diet Coke.” 
“So what’s up, Kid? I haven’t seen you in a few weeks,” he said, handing me my drink.
“Not much.” God, I wanted to tell him so bad. I wanted him to know what was going on, I couldn’t, I promised; though, that didn’t stop me from wanting to spill the beans. 
“You look different.”
“I do?” 
“Yeah, the clothes, your hair, and the makeup. You look great. Thought to give yourself a makeover, huh?” I chuckled at his observation of my appearance. 
“Yeah…something like that. How are you? How’s the bar?”
“Same ole same ole, nothing too different. I hired a new girl, she’s young and eager.” 
“Didn’t take you too long?” I felt a pang of jealously, like he was replacing me or something. 
“You know how Miami is, there is always someone looking for a job. They come here thinking that they will become models.” I nodded in agreement. 
I had the sudden urge to do something that was very unlike me. I scooted over on the couch and pulled him into a tight hug. I could tell that I had caught him off guard. I was not a very affectionate person. 
He hugged me just the same, one hand on my lower back and the other on the back of my head. 
“Are you okay, Kid?” I could hear the concern in his voice. I don’t know what was going on with me. I think the past few weeks had finally caught up with me. I was happy and I just wished that I could share it with someone. I wanted Devon to know that I was going to be all right, and that he would always be a part of my life. 
I’m still not sure why I went to his house that day. I’ve thought about it a lot for the last few years. I knew that I would always have him in my life, I have no idea why I found myself there that day. 
I knew tomorrow my life would change. I was really going to do this. I was going to sell myself for money. I don’t care how you paint the picture, that’s what I was going to do. There was no going back after that. 
“Yeah, I’m fine. I just, I don’t know, I guess I miss your ugly face, a little,” I joked.
“You just remember one thing. This ugly face is here anytime you need anything. I’m pretty good at fixing leaky pipes and stuff.”
I laughed. “You are not. You suck at fixing leaky pipes. We dirtied every towel in the house, trying to sop up water, remember? You forgot to shut the water off.”
“Nah, I did that on purpose. You busting your ass on the wet floor was worth the mess. I don’t think I’ve ever laughed so hard.”
“Mmm hmm, and you called the plumber the next day on purpose too, right?”
“You’re still a brat; you do know that, don’t you? You’re crushing my ego here.”
“Thanks for being there when I needed you,” I said, getting serious again. I don’t know where I would have been without Devon. He was the only one there for me when I carried my entire life in a backpack, strung over my shoulder. 
“Hey, you sure you’re okay? Something’s going on. Talk to me, Kid.”
“Nothing’s going on. I’m just very grateful that you were there and helped me out like you did. You didn’t have to do that.”
“Why? Because, I would have gotten into a lot of shit for hiring a minor?”
“What? You knew?” I asked shocked.
“I knew,” he admitted with a crooked smile. Now I really loved Devon. He took a chance on losing his license to help me, he gave me a place to sleep, and he still paid me under the table when I derailed his requests for my social security card. 
“You’re a good guy, Devon. How the hell did you know?”
“I didn’t at first. After a few weeks of you living with me I accidentally saw your driver’s license when I was grabbing money to pay for pizza.”
“You never said anything. I mean, Devon, that was a huge liability for you. You were harboring a minor in your home and workplace,” I reminded him. 
“I like to live on the edge. Besides, you’re too pretty to push away. I got attached to you.” 
“Devon, you’re too good to be true. Do you know that?” 
He laughed, “I’m a good listener too. You sure you don’t want to talk? I feel like you are doing something that maybe you’re struggling with.”
I suddenly had to go. I didn’t want Devon talking me out of something that I was excited to do. This was my chance and I was taking it.
I stood, looking at the time on my cell phone. He stood with me. “I’ve got to go. I promised a friend a ride home from work,” I lied.
Devon hugged me tight. “Make good choices,” he whispered in my hair.
I pulled away, smiled a weak smile, patted him on the chest, and got the hell out of there. I had to. I didn’t like the thoughts manifesting in my mind. I was doing this. There was no question about it.
In my heart I knew I went to the right place that day. I just wanted someone to hold me. I knew Devon didn’t really know me, he knew what I let him see. It made me feel better to be with him. I knew I had a new family that I could have gone to, my mind unconsciously led me to him. 
I left his apartment that day a new woman. 
The moment I stepped into my car, I was a VIP.  


<>*<>S<>*<>


“Holy shit man, you sure you want to do this, Sebastian? I mean this is it. Done. Game over. Finito. The End. Finished. Caput. Complete. Closed. Fuck man…the list could go on…” all I could do was groan. 
“Why did I bring you to this? I should have known better.” Putting my hands up in a frustrated gesture. “Tony, we’ve been together for two years and I’ve known her my whole life. I’ve never been more sure of anything. Now relax man, you act like you’re the one that’s proposing. Can you do what I asked you to do, and help me find a damn ring?” I tossed my hands to the selection of all the rings.
“I mean, look how many there are, man. How the hell are we going to narrow it down?” This was turning out to be more frustrating than I had initially thought, and this was only the first jewelry store. 
“Whatever man, waking up to the same chick every morning. They don’t call it the old ball and chain for nothing, Sebastian. As the best man…I am the best man right?” I laughed and nodded.
“I am doing my dutiful duty of making sure you know how HUGE of a commitment this is. I mean, why can’t you just be like everyone else and just live together?” he asked and I sighed.
“Because, Tony…Julia is an old fashioned girl, she would never agree to live together before getting married. Plus, I love her man!” “Please, please, please just help me,” I begged, placing my hands in the prayer position. 
“Fine! We’re going to Vegas for your bachelor party,” he exclaimed, I tried to interrupt and protest and got a flat hand to my face.
“Don’t be a selfish fuck, Sebastian. This isn’t just about you. Ashley is going to be up my balls now, once she finds out you guys got engaged. Ugh…fuck you very much, man.” I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Okay, I’m ready now. What kind of jewelry does she like?” he asked.
“I don’t know, the sparkly kind,” I presumed as he rolled his eyes.
“No you douche, I mean silver or gold.”
“Oh…yeah…I knew that. Um…silver?...Yeah, yeah it’s silver.” He moved to the right.	
“Then we only need to be looking over here.” 
Two days and nine jewelry stores later, I finally found it. I know this sounds corny, the second I saw it I knew it was the one. It’s Julia to a T. Two carat, princess cut, in a platinum setting. It was going to cost me two years of payments, but she was worth it. 
I had just gotten out of grad school in NYU and scored a hell of an internship at Yachting Enterprises in Biscayne Bay, Miami. Being on the water was the only place I ever considered employment. My goal was to become a yacht broker. I was twenty-four and ready to work my ass off. Julia was twenty-two, about to start law school at UM. Having a long distance relationship these last few years had been tough. I was ready to make the next move in all aspects of my life. 
I knew she had class late that night, which made it much easier for me to set up a romantic evening. She didn’t know I was there. I surprised her with everything. I laid out candles from the doorway to the living room. There were dozens of roses everywhere, including pedals spread all over the floors. I even had shiny silver and red Mylar balloons in some places. 
I wasn’t nervous waiting for her arrival. This felt right. We felt right. I took a deep breath when I heard the keys unlock the door. I took another deep breath. This was it. 
Julia’s eyes scanned the candles, the roses, and the balloons all at once. Her eyes finally found me, standing off to the side with the biggest smile ever. She dropped her keys and purse on the sofa and walked toward me.
 “Oh my God, Sebby. What an amazing surprise. I thought I wasn’t seeing you until next week.” She threw her arms around my neck. “I’m so happy to see you,” she said. I embraced her and slid my arms around her waist. God she felt amazing. We stayed in each other’s arms briefly. I pulled back to see her smiling face as I slowly made my way to one knee, kneeling in front of her. Her mouth slightly opened and her eyes widened, as I placed her left hand in mine.
“Babygirl, I have known you my whole life. I love that I know everything about you. I love how you’re the pickiest eater I have ever met. I love that you crinkle your nose when you’re nervous, just like you are right now. I love that being with you is never enough. I love that I smell you on my clothes every time I leave you. I love that you’re the first person I think about when I wake up and the last person I think about when I go to sleep. I love that when you have too much to drink, you slightly snore. I love that your body fits perfectly against mine. I love that I never want to be without you. I love that you love me, as much as I love you.” Taking the tiny box from my pocket, I continued.
“I love that you make me the happiest person in this world and I would love it if you’d do me the honor, of being Mrs. Vanwell.” I opened the box as her hand covered her mouth and she gasped
“Will you marry me, Babygirl?” She gasped and dove to me with so much force, she knocked us both over. 
“Yes!” she squealed, kissing me. “Yes!” She kissed me again. “Yes!” She kissed me again and again and again. 
“Oh my God Sebby, I love you!”
“I love you, too, Babygirl.”


<>*<>Y<>*<>


The night had finally arrived, we were in the limo on our way to The Gala. Madam, Brooke, Milania, and I were arriving together. The rest of the girls were in another limo behind us. We were all dressed to the nines. We pulled up to a gate which automatically opened. The circular driveway could have its own street name, it was that long. Limos were parked everywhere. I didn’t see another car in sight. 
I felt like I exuded nervousness. 
Madam exited the car first and Brooke grabbed my hand.
“Don’t worry, Bella, follow me to the bathroom when we get inside.” 
Once inside, we were greeted with men who took our coats and handed us champagne. I could hear the music of an orchestra. I didn’t see anyone though. The girls all scattered once our coats were taken and Madam excused herself as well. Brooke took my hand and I followed her to the bathroom. 
She reached into her purse and handed me a white pill. 
“What is this?”
“It’s a Xanax, it will relax you. It’s only a 0.25, enough to get rid of the nervousness, not enough to put you in a coma. Down your champagne, too.” I gave her a skeptical glare.
“Trust me,” she said and I did as I was told. 
“Follow me, Madam usually socializes before she finds us. We need to go out there and make nice with everyone. Just act like you own the room. Speak when spoken to and most importantly, flirt at any given chance. It doesn’t matter what they say just act like it’s the most interesting thing you have ever heard.
“Also, try to touch them, like put your hand on their chest, or graze their hand. If you could push your breasts on them that would be great, too.” I looked at her and then I nodded. 
We walked out of the bathroom and began walking toward the lanai in the back of the house. As soon as we stepped foot on the lanai the whole dynamic of the room changed. There was an abundance of everything as far as I could see. The lighting, decorations, servants, food, drinks, and people were exceptional.
We continued to walk as I observed everything around us. We passed a sushi platter of a woman lying naked with the sushi on top of her. I had never been around anything that was so sexually oriented before. I started to feel the effects of the pill and champagne. I think Brooke sensed it too. She reassuringly squeezed my hand. 
“Brooke.” We heard Madam call. We walked over to her, being escorted by four gentlemen. One of them being Gabriel. 
“Girls, there you are. I have been looking for you. Where did you run off to so fast?” Madam said.
“Oh, Bella-”
“Ysabelle,” Madam corrected, cutting Brooke off.
“Yes, Ysabelle needed to use the restroom.” 
“Of course, thank you for being so generous with your time. Ricardo has been asking about you, Brooke. I don’t think you should keep him waiting.”
“Oh…I thought I would stay with Ysabelle tonight.” Brooke looked at Madam like they were breaking a pact or something, like the plan was changing. 
“No, Brooke. I’ll tend to Ysabelle, you go.” Madam took my hand from Brooke’s. Brooke smiled, and leaned forward to whisper in my ear.
“Just go with it. You will be amazing.” She kissed me on the cheek and smiled at everyone as she excused herself. 
“Well then, gentlemen, this is my newest lady, Ysabelle. Ysabelle this is Jeremy, Nicolas, Joshua, and of course you’ve met Gabriel.” 
“Hello everyone.” I could feel the lust from each of these men radiating off of them. It was like the sensuality was being transmitted from me to each one of them. 
Gabriel was of course right by my side. I wasn’t exactly sure how all of this worked, I could tell that he was anxious to get his hands on me. The other three men gawked at me with mouthwatering smiles. I knew then how much I loved the fucking attention. I was getting drunk on the vibes from these men and their lust for me. 
I was trying my best not to be nervous, and embrace all of the thoughts and feelings that were radiating in my direction. I was struggling. I couldn’t help it. I was mostly apprehensive about what was expected of me and if I would be good at it. 
“Ysabelle?” Madam called, interrupting the insecurities going on inside of my head.
“Huh?” Shit, that sounded stupid. Madam didn’t like it either. This wasn’t the image I was supposed to portray. 
“Can you excuse us, gentlemen?”
Fantastic, she was upset. I could tell that she wasn’t happy with me. I had to get my shit together. I wanted this. I could do this. I knew I could.
I followed her to an office where she leaned against the desk, crossing her ankles. I wrung my hands and dropped my head, waiting for the storm.
“What are you doing? Drop your hands and look at me. Do you want to be here, Ysabelle? Have I not made myself perfectly clear about everything, and what is expected from you? Do you think for one second that any of this behavior you’re exhibiting right now, will be tolerated? If you would rather go back to earning not even half of what you are truly worth, then the damn door is behind you,” she let out a loud frustrated sigh and composed herself, her posture straightened and she brushed off her gown. 
“Now…are you ready?” she tested. 
“Yes. I’m fine. I promise.”
She smiled a deviant little smile as she walked toward me. She circled me and moved my hair from the front of my shoulder to my back. “Who’s holding the control, Bella Rosa?” she asked in her domineering tone.
“I am,” I replied. 
“That’s my girl, now you’re going to put these nerves to rest and show these men how confident you are. You’ve got the looks. You’ve got the body, and you need to have the confidence, my beautiful girl. I want to see you express that authority. Do you understand me, Ysabelle?” she asked, raising her voice and causing me to jump a little.  
“I’m sorry, Madam. Of course, I understand everything,” I replied with more confidence.
“You are in control. You don’t ever forget that. These men do not pay for a little girl.”
I learned right then and there that Madam was to be respected. She didn’t fuck around and I needed to pick and choose my battles.  
“I’m ready, Madam,” I promised.
“Follow me,” she ordered. 
“Where are we going?” I asked as she led me down the long corridor.
“It seems that you have created quite the bidding war around here. I am going to talk some business, while you observe Brooke for a bit.”
I didn’t reply. Observe Brooke?
Madam never even knocked on the door. She opened the door as if she owned the place and could do whatever she wanted. 
The man that Brooke was entertaining sat in a chair, fully clothed in his expensive suit and tie. Brooke stood in front of him wearing a black lace bra and panties. Brooke winked at me. She knew what was going on. 
Madam led me to a sofa and bent to my ear. “Don’t talk, only watch. I will be back for you in a bit,” she demanded, leaving me with a kiss on the cheek.
“Don’t touch her, Ricardo,” she demanded with a straight finger from him to me.
I watched Madam walk out with an ominous look. I’m pretty sure it was a warning look. I turned my attention back to Brooke and Ricardo. I was surprised by how Brooke made this seem comfortable. It wasn’t dirty or tainted at all, not like I was expecting. It was erotic and sensual, enough that I could already feel the wetness between my legs. I wanted to be a good girl, too. 
I watched as Brooke seduced Ricardo with the movements of her body. She carefully mesmerized him with the look in her eyes. Her demeanor said everything without needing to use words. 
Ricardo was the pawn, he was the toy, and he was feeding off her confidence and movements. The way she swayed her body insinuated sex and she wasn’t even touching him yet. I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. She was stunning. 
 She got on her hands and knees and crawled over to him. Once she was between his legs she pressed her breasts on the bulge of his pants. She removed his hardness from his slacks and slid his cock between her breasts, gliding up and down. He groaned when she took him deep into the back of her throat. 
I turned and saw Madam quietly wave for me to join her from the cracked door. I didn’t even hear her open it. 
“Are we good now, Ysabelle?” she asked.
“Absolutely.” 
“Fabulous. Darling, we had a little bit of a bidding war with our men this evening. It seems as though the gentlemen all want a piece of the action,” she boasted, raising her eyebrows. 	
“I didn’t want to overwhelm you too much for your first time, so we came up with a happy medium. Gabriel wants you more, he paid top dollar for you. Here’s the catch…the rest of the men get to watch,” she paused for a moment. 
“Don’t you worry your pretty little head, it’s only the three suitors you met downstairs. And me of course. I wouldn’t leave you alone, my pet, at least not your first time, don’t fret,” she paused and looked at me directly in the eye to make sure I understood. 
“No one is allowed to touch you other than Gabriel,” Madam explained as we walked toward our destination.
Now I was intimidated. I didn’t want to make the same mistake and disappoint her again. 
“Bella, my love. Stop worrying about pleasing me, and focus on pleasing yourself. This is about you, and nobody else.”
How the hell did she do that?
Madam opened the massive door and led me to the most elegant bedroom I’d ever seen. The walls even looked to be made of stone. I knew that it was probably some kind of stucco or something; they were amazing. I could describe this room to a T. I was astonished by it. I will never forget the first room that I entertained in.
Gabriel was sitting on the edge of the four poster bed. His legs were stretched out with his elbows leaning behind him. He noticed me and immediately smiled. 
The other gentlemen were sitting in three separate chairs, just waiting to observe the evening’s entertainment. 
Madam never said a word. She made her way to a bistro table in the corner, trying to make herself as invisible as possible, I was sure.
Gabriel rose and poured me a glass of wine. 
“How about you sit right here, Ysabelle?” he said, patting the bed beside him and handing me the glass of wine. I sipped the wine and smiled a seductive smile. 
“How about I sit right here, Gabriel?” I offered, moving to his lap.
“Hmm…” he agreed, running his hand up my dress.
I placed my hand over his, stopping him when I realized he was going for gold. 
“Now, now, Gabriel, do you really want this to be over so soon?” I said, running my nail down the front of his gray dress shirt. 
“No, what I want is for you to suck and then fuck my cock,” he said in a heated tone. 
I stood from his lap, not speaking, only staring down at him with the same smile that Brooke had used on Ricardo. I took a sip of my wine and set it on the table.
“Stand up, Gabriel,” I ordered, and just like that, he was in front of me.
I loosened his tie and held onto it with both hands. “Is this what you want, Gabriel…how do you want me?” I arched my brow in question, “You want me on my knees?” 
“Fuuucck yes,” he stammered. 
I unbuckled his belt and it fell to the floor with a thud. His zipper was next and his pants dropped to the floor. 
Gabriel liked to go commando. 
His thick cock sprung up at attention. 
“I’m happy to oblige,” I whispered in his ear. 
He pulled me closer to him and I turned my face to the side. 
“What? I can’t kiss you?”
“Right here,” I replied, placing my finger on the corner of my lip. He kissed the side of my mouth and moaned. 
“You smell fucking amazing,” he whispered. 
“I am fucking amazing, Gabriel,” I assured him.
I immediately dropped to my knees and stroked his cock. He moaned in appreciation. 
“Fuck, Ysabelle…put your lips on my cock. Let me feel your soft warm mouth on me.” 
I licked all down his shaft and circled the tip of his cock with my tongue. I could taste the pre-come, it only made is easier for my hand to slide up and down. Finally, when I thought he couldn’t take any more teasing I took him deep in my mouth and hummed. 
I used my hand and mouth at the same time until he roughly grabbed the back of my neck.
“Holy shit, you need to stop. Come here.” He pulled me up to his face and his lips attacked my mouth. I was surprised. He tasted himself, becoming more aroused. 
Gabriel was a hell of a kisser. He kissed me like he wanted to own me. His hands roamed to the back of my dress, as he unzipped my gown, he slid it off my shoulders letting it fall to the floor. I was standing there in nothing, but my panties and heels. He abruptly stopped kissing me and turned me around. 
Still in a daze, I opened my eyes and nearly fell over. 
How could I forget that I had an audience?
All three men were stroking themselves. 
Gabriel sensed my hesitation. He jerked my head back by my hair and whispered in my ear. “No, don’t let them change anything. It’s just you and me. Do you have any idea how fucking jealous they are? Do you know how badly they wish they were me?” 
He began kissing the side of my neck while fondling both of my breasts, playing and pulling on my nipples. Both his hands made it to the side of my panties. He slid them down a little, displaying my pussy for our guests. 
His fingers started to caress my clit, until I moaned shamelessly. Faster and faster his fingers played with me.
“You know it fucking turns you on to have people watching you. Come on, pretty baby, let them see you come.”
Holy fuck, that felt good.
I could feel myself about to come and then suddenly two fingers pushed into my pussy from behind. I yelped in surprise. 
Gabriel continued his assault on my clit while he finger fucked me from behind. My head instantly fell back on his shoulder as my eyes rolled to the back of my head. 
“That’s my good girl,” he praised.  
“I fucking love the way your pussy feels.” His fingers pushed harder against my g-spot until I couldn’t help it anymore and I came apart. 
“Yes…yes…just like that…I’m coming…I’m coming…” I begged while coming undone. 
I barely felt myself being moved until I was lying on my back in the middle of the bed. 
I opened my eyes to find Gabriel smiling above me with the most satisfied smirk on his face. I turned my face and I caught Madam through the slits in my overactive eyes. She smiled at me with a wink as she exited the room. I must have met her satisfaction, either that or she didn’t want to watch him fuck me. 
Before I could even turn my head back, Gabriel had thrust into me hard. My back instinctively arched off the bed from the pain. 
Damn…not even a little warning.
He didn’t move and I suddenly felt all his body weight on me. 
“You’re such a good girl, Ysabelle. You feel tighter than anything I have ever felt before. Tell me if I’m hurting you, because I don’t think I will be able to go slow.” 
He suddenly started thrusting in and out of me. I tried to moan and play my part, but the pain and soreness he was causing me was hard to overlook. 
Sensing my discomfort, his fingers found my clit. He circled around my sensitive clit while his thrusts became more urgent, more demanding. 
I didn’t think I could come again, until I started to feel the sensations in my body. This man could control me. I could feel my pussy pulsating, my legs started shaking, my vision became hazy, and I couldn’t stop the curving of my back. 
“There you are. That’s it. Just let it go. Just let me have it. Let me have it all. I want it all.” 
His mouth covered mine to muffle my scream and I came so hard I saw stars. 


Each one of the classy men kissed my hand and thanked me. It didn’t feel uncomfortable, it felt normal. A part of me wondered if I would ever see any of them again. I imagined I would.
The limo ride home that night was extremely quiet. It was just Madam and I. I didn’t know where any of the other women had gone. After my showcase, Madam and I pretty much said our goodbyes. 
“Penny for your thoughts?” Madam questioned. 
“Mmm hmm.” 
“Care to share, Bella Rosa?” 
“I was just thinking I feel pleased…excited. I’m on a high right now. Does that make sense?”
“Perfectly.” She reached into her clutch and retrieved a white envelope. 
“This Bella Rosa, will make you feel even higher.” I opened it and there before my very eyes, were hundreds and hundreds of bills. I had never seen that much money before. 
“It’s $80,000.” My mouth dropped open. 
“You made $160,000 tonight, Gabriel paid $100,000 to be your first client. I charged the other suitors a measly $20,000, forgive me for that, Bella Rosa, I had to entice them regarding the price. I promise you, they will pay more for you later, that I can assure you. Enjoy it, as you will never forget your first time.”
And so it began…
Chapter 12

<>*<>S<>*<>

The day was finally here. After months of watching Julia plan with our mothers and go slightly crazy, especially in the last month or so, we were getting married today. I had never seen so much preparation go into one day before. Julia asked for my input in pretty much everything; I only cared about the cake and the food. After that, I sort of checked out.
Julia was more than eager to have everything be absolutely perfect. We were getting married at Coral Gables Country Club, the ceremony was outside in the courtyard and the reception was being held in the Coral Grand Ballroom.
My parents helped with the wedding and the last time I saw the budget it was near six figures. Julia and I got in a minor argument over how much money was being spent; she insisted that her parents had been saving since she was a baby, and my parents wanted everything to be just as lavish. 
I think half of Miami and Fort Lauderdale were invited. Both our dads were doctors, so you can imagine how much clientele and relationships had been established over the years. 
I was certain that I was more nervous than my soon to be wife down the hall. I didn’t remember ever being so nervous before. It wasn’t the fact that I was marrying Julia that had set me on edge, it was the fact that I was going to be responsible for her well-being. My life was now going to change into providing and taking care of her, it was no longer just about me. 
“Hey, Son,” my dad said, walking in and interrupting my panic.
“Hey, Dad.”
“You okay?”
“I think so. I’m just nervous, you know? Julia is going to be my wife now. My responsibility. I’m kind of scared about that. What if I disappoint her?” 
My dad smiled, and patted a chair next to him for me to sit down.
“You want to know something, Sebastian?”
“Sure…as long as we’re not talking about sex, I’m all ears.” 
He chuckled, “You’ve been responsible for Julia, since the day she was born.”
“I have, haven’t I?”
“You have. You know what else?”
“Mmm hmm.” 
“There isn’t a man on earth that could do it any better. Being nervous like you’re feeling right now, is perfectly normal. That not only tells me that you love her more than you love yourself, you’re also going to make an amazing husband. You both are very lucky to have each other. Now go marry your Babygirl.” 
And that’s what I did. I stood in front of hundreds of people, half of which I had no clue as to who they were, nor did I really care. As I stood there, the nerves, anxiety, fear, and doubt were gone.
As soon as I saw my Babygirl coming down the aisle to become Mrs. Vanwell, all I thought about was how lucky I was. My eyes never left her the entire time. She was stunning. 
I hadn’t seen the dress at all, because Julia wanted it to be a surprise. I was in awe of her; it was as if I was seeing her with new eyes. She was no longer the spunky little girl with pigtails who had an obsession with wearing anything that was pink. 
Her hair was in soft waves pinned to the left side of her face. She wore a white lacy gown that was fitted all the way down her body. The neckline was low in the front and the back, the dress had diamonds and pearls all over it to make it look as if she was shining. Her train was at least five feet long and she wore a flower where her hair was pinned. It looked like she stepped out of a 1950’s catalogue; she was classy, elegant, and sexy all in one. 
I smiled a reassuring smile as her dad placed her hand in mine. We exchanged our vows and kissed for the first time as husband and wife. 
We spent the better part of the evening, dancing in each other’s arms and enduring the wedding traditions. Finally, we were free to set about our life, and our honeymoon, which I had been waiting for all day. I couldn’t wait to get Julia out of that dress, she assured me that we were having sex with her in the dress. It was going to be a great night. I couldn’t wait.
That night is one that I still fantasize about. We made love the entire night and stayed up wrapped in each other’s arms, watching the sun come up. That afternoon we boarded a plane for our two week honeymoon to Belize. 
Our lives began, as Mr. and Mrs. Vanwell.  


<>*<>Y<>*<>


One year, had changed into two, and two quickly became three. I had been a VIP for three years. Time flies when you’re blowing guys…just a little bit of humor for you. 
Those first three years had been a whirlwind for me. I had seen and done things that I never imagined were even possible. I had traveled on the arm of some of the most beautiful men. I had dined in restaurants that charged money just to sit down. I had been to clubs where I always sat in an exclusive area or a private room, rode in some of the world’s most expensive cars, been escorted to and from in private jets, and joined the mile high club so many fucking times that I could be the Goddamn president. 
My time was always worth something. Having very little moral compass, I believed that anything could be bought, that everything had a price. 
I had met celebrities, politicians, doctors, lawyers, princes, CEOs, and much more. I had formed relationships with each and every one of them. I had been with more men then I cared to count, and women who will forever be embedded in my mind. I learned all the tricks of the trade and had men groveling at my feet. 
Married men always liked it rough. Kinkiness didn’t just stop with putting your finger up their ass. Dirty talk always worked. Bondage worked both ways. Anal sex could be motherfucking amazing. Role playing and BDSM would always be in. Orgies never go out of style. Fetishes are huge, and fucking on ecstasy was out of this world. I fucked for both pleasure and pain, and always made it a point to come first, literally. 
I had experienced more lust and passion than any person should be allowed, heard endless amounts of proposals and countless I love yous. Jewelry and gifts became a regular thing, and I had more money than I knew what to do with. 
There wasn’t any place on my body that hadn’t been touched. Just by looking at men, I knew what they wanted. And women were beautiful creatures that were meant to be cherished and embraced. I remained unattached where it mattered the most…emotionally. I never allowed myself to care for anyone and that made me even better at my job. 
The no strings attached lifestyle served its purpose for me. I felt like the only girl in the world. 
My relationship with the other VIPs were meaningful. They had become sisters to me. We shared this life together, our positive and negative experiences, our thoughts, our secrets, emotions, and feelings. We compared notes and shared tips. The Cathouse had become my second home. 
Bless his heart, Devon was still very much part of my life. I didn’t see him as often as I would have liked, yet we remained close. As close as I would allow anyway; he never asked any questions. Even after seeing where I lived, what I drove, the clothes I wore, he never asked. I don’t know if he just didn’t want to know or he just assumed that I could take care of myself. He didn’t have to worry about me, he let me be. 
Madam still played a very active part in my daily life. Although, I did have the liberty to schedule my own appointments if I wanted, I still liked to leave her to take care of that aspect of my life. It was easier for me to be told where to go and what to do. 
The clients and I didn’t always fuck. I would say that about 80% of the time, that was expected. The rest fell into companionship, talking, and actual escorting. I had my regular men that I saw a couple times a month, my married men, my eternal bachelors, and even some newbies. I enjoyed the newbies, they were fun to feel out. I loved the thrill of being with someone new and what they could offer me. I was selfish like that. 
My personality had even changed, I became stronger and wiser. 
Jonathan had become one of my regulars. He was busy, no time for women, but did have his manly needs. I fulfilled that need for him. He was the CEO of some organization in New York. He didn’t really talk a lot about it, which was fine by me because I didn’t care to hear about it. He was handsome, in his late thirties with black hair that had some gray on the sides, blue eyes, always sporting a five o’clock shadow, about 6’1, and had a great physique; he definitely took care of himself. 
“You’re blocking my sun,” I said as a dark shadow was cast on me. I didn’t even bother opening my eyes as I lay there on my back in my birthday suit. 
“Well, little lady, are you trying to get a ticket for indecent exposure or just trying to give my neighbors a heart attack.”
“Neither, you said to make myself at home, so I did.”
“Do you always lie around naked at home?” he questioned in a husky, and curious tone. 
“When the mood strikes.” 
“Hmm…you look very tempting, little lady. Are you sure you’re not trying to put on a show for me?” 
“Always keep them coming back for more, Johnny,” I suggested as I spread my legs just wide enough for him to see. 
He hesitated and then spoke, “I have a conference call in a few minutes, Ysabelle.” 
“That’s a shame, because I was hoping your mouth could conference with my pussy.” I extended my leg up and started to rub my foot on his cock. “And from the feel of it, your cock was hoping for that too.” I heard a disgruntled growl followed by his phone ringing. 
“This is Jonathan.” He covered his phone with his hand. “Don’t move,” he said, pointing his index finger at me before walking away.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” 
I must have dozed off. I woke to light kisses on my neck. 
“Wake up, Sleeping Beauty; open up those angel eyes for me. I want to make you scream.” My eyes started to open and that’s when I felt lemonade dripping on my lips. My tongue instantly came out to savor it and then his tongue started to stroke mine. He moaned in my mouth. 
“It’s a sin that you look this incredible naked. I can’t keep my fucking hands off of you. Do you know how hard it is to not touch you, Ysabelle? Do you know that I stroke myself to the images of you riding my cock? Being with you is never enough,” he said in between kissing me. 
“God, you’re so fucking sexy.” His tongue moved to my neck and glided to my breasts. He took one nipple in his mouth while he fondled the other one. This never got old. I loved it when a man’s hands were on me. 
His mouth devoured every inch of my body, until he was kneeling in front of me. He roughly grabbed my hips and placed me on the edge of the chaise lounge. 
And then his phone rang again…
“Fuck!” He reached in his pocket and grabbed his phone.
“What? I told you not to bother me. I have other things that need my attention.” I heard mumbled voices on the other end. 
“What the hell do you mean?” he shouted as he walked back in the house. “That invoice was sent months ago.” 
I guess I wasn’t getting my happy ending.
The alarm on my phone went off reminding me that I needed to get going. Yes…I set alarms for myself. Don’t you clock in from 9-5? Well so do I, so to speak. 
I walked into the house to go change. Jonathan was nowhere to be seen. 
I grabbed my things, got dressed and left, turning from his driveway I read the text.

J – Where did you go? 
Needy little thing…
Y – Times up big boy.
J – If you come back, I’ll make it worth your while. 
Y – Next time! 
J – I’ll pay…
Y – You shouldn’t have answered your phone. You’ll know better next time, won’t you? 
J – Devil!
Y – XO
Men…


<>*<>S<>*<>


I couldn’t believe it had been two years since we were married. I drove home from a very lucrative deal that day. I was on cloud nine. I was going to celebrate our anniversary with my wife, my wife whom I loved and adored. Nothing could have made me happier that day.
I had planned on taking her out, wining, dining, dancing, maybe a few drinks, and then I was going to bring her back to our home and make slow passionate love to her. She had other plans.
She met me at the door wearing a red bra with matching panties and a pair of red fuck me heels. My mouth instantly watered when I saw her. She was glowing. She slid her arms around my neck and kissed me, really kissed me. I was ready to say the hell with our evening and help her out of the bra and panties, the shoes could stay.
“Happy anniversary, Sebby,” she smiled to my lips. She was so happy. That, right there, was the best anniversary present she could have given me. 
“Happy anniversary, Babygirl,” I replied, plunging my tongue deep into her mouth.
“Sebastian,” she panted in heavy breaths. I could tell that she too, was ready for me to slide right in. I would help her. “Not yet,” she demanded. I groaned.
We didn’t go out that night. She led me to our dining room to a well thought out meal; candles and soft music playing in the background.
We talked about our days and then exchanged presents.
She loved the beautiful necklace with matching earrings, and made me fasten it around her neck. I kissed the back of her shoulder as I did, whispering that I loved her.
She handed me my gift next. I opened it and was confused. It was a beautiful silver plated baby rattle with “I love you” engraved on the handle.
“Babygirl?” I said; it was more of a question.
“Yes, Sebby,” she replied with a smile. No wonder she didn’t touch her wine. She would have normally been tipsy by then.
“What? When? How do you know? Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Jesus Sebby, slow down. You’re going to hyperventilate. I’ve known for a week. I didn’t want to tell you until our anniversary.”
Scratch what I said about not being able to be any happier. That was the happiest day of my life. We had been trying for almost a year. Julia was starting to worry that she was going to be like her mother and wouldn’t be able to conceive. It couldn’t have come at a better time.
The months that followed Julia’s news of us becoming a family were a bit hectic, we bought our first home in Coral Gables; a 4,600 square foot, five bedrooms, six baths, waterfront home with a dock. Julia promised that once things settled down, we could buy a 40ft Windy Maestro that I had my eye on. How can a yacht dealer not own a boat?
Julia went full tilt on decorating, painting, remodeling, and furniture. Every day I came home, and something had changed. I had very little input, except for my office and man cave, those were mine. The rest she decided what she wanted to do with. She was absolutely glowing. 
Her pregnancy had been good to her with just some morning sickness in the first trimester, other than that, she had been fine. She had the weirdest cravings for whip cream and pickles, not together, although we did find some fun stuff to do with the whip cream. 
All the ultrasounds and doctor appointments showed a healthy, growing, beautiful boy. I was ecstatic to have a son. Julia was thrilled as well; she wanted to have just sons. She said she didn’t want to share her thunder and that she wanted to be the queen of the house, surrounded by her men. We hadn’t even had him yet and she was already talking about having another one. 
The house was nearly done and Julia was about ready to pop. She was due in a week and a half, and she was starting to feel uncomfortable in her own skin. 
“SEBBY!” she yelled from our bedroom. 
“Yes, Babygirl?” I said while leaning on our doorframe. 
“Ugh…where did you go? I woke up and I was by myself. You said you were going to stay in bed with me all day. You promised to pay attention to me all weekend.”
“I know, I went to the bathroom and then I went to make myself a sandwich. Are you hungry?” She looked at me like I had two heads. 
“I’m pregnant with your child, Sebby, he eats like you do. Of course I’m hungry.”
“Okay, do you want me to bring it in here or do you want to go eat out there?” I asked. 
“I don’t know. I want to be done already. I want to be skinny again and not be bloated. I want to be able to see my feet again. I can’t even stand for longer than ten minutes without my back hurting.” She had been extra whinny these last few weeks, the closer we got to the due date, the more her squeaky voice came out. I walked over to her and helped her sit up. 
“I know, what can I do to help? Do you want me to rub your back and feet? How about a warm bath? We can take it together and I’ll massage all of your body parts,” I said with a suggestive tone and face.
“God, Sebby, can you not think about sex? Why would I want another thing inside me right now?” she whined.
On that note, “Okay, I’m going to go make you something to eat.” I started to get up and she grabbed my arm.
“No! Oh God, I’m sorry, Sebby. I know I’m being a bitch, I can’t help it. Your child is torturing me, he thinks my stomach is a soccer field. He won’t stop kicking me and I’m not sleeping well. All these crazy hormones are getting to me. I don’t know if I want to cry, laugh, or smile. I’m all over the place. I’m just ready to have him here already, and not making a mess of my insides.” 
“I know, Babygirl, not that much longer. Soon he will be here and you will be missing him being in your tummy,” I said as I helped her out of bed.
“Come on, let’s go eat in the living room, maybe a change of scenery will help. I’ll make you a ham, turkey, and pickle masterpiece. And then, we can watch whatever movies you want to watch for the rest of the day. I will rub your feet and your back. I promise my magical hands will make you feel much better.” I smiled and looked at her optimistically. 
“All right,” she said in a mopey voice. I didn’t know how much more I could take of this. I didn’t like seeing her in pain. I couldn’t imagine what she was going through, and I was trying my best to comfort her. 
We watched movies all night and we both fell asleep on the couch. Julia was lying on my chest and I awoke to something wet on my legs. 
“Julia…Babygirl…Jules…wake up.”
“Hmm…” she stirred.
“Baby, you’re wet.” She opened her eyes.
“What?” She looked down at herself. “OH MY GOD, I peed myself.” I laughed, I couldn’t help it. 
“No Babygirl, I think your water just broke.” 
“Wait…what…I’m not due for another week or so.”
“The doctor said it could happen sooner. Have you been having any contractions?”
“I don’t think so. I mean maybe a little bit, I just thought they were Braxton Hicks.” 
“Okay, you stay here, I’m going to go change, grab your bag, and some clothes to change into,” I said, kissing her forehead.
“No wait, don’t go. I’m not ready. I’m not ready, Sebby; it’s going to hurt so bad. The nursery still isn’t ready. We have to wait.”
“Julia, it doesn’t work that way. Come on, you’re going to do just fine, you’re going to be so happy when we finally have him in our arms and we bring him home. Focus on that.” She nodded, I could still notice the nervous look in her eyes. 
I never thought that I would be the calm one when it came to our child coming into this world. Julia was nervous and scared. After fourteen hours of labor we welcomed Christian Aidan Vanwell into this world. He was 7 pounds 6 ounces. A blue eyed, blonde haired, little prince. 
I didn’t think it was possible to love anyone in this world more than I loved my son. He completed me. He was the missing piece in my heart and soul. The first time I held him I was in complete awe of him. He had such tiny fingers and a fragile body. I investigated his mouth, nose, eyes; trying to decide who he looked like more, Julia or me. I breathed him in and wanted to learn all his sounds and noises. I brought him to my chest and held onto him like I never wanted to let him go. 
I looked over at Julia and she was crying. I went to her and laid down next to her, we put Christian in the middle and just sat there in perfect silence, as we embraced our child. 
We were a family and I was a father. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Three more years had gone by and my life got better and better. I had no cause for complaints. I loved being a VIP; if anything, I loved it more with every passing day. My life was far from routine and ordinary, it was my life and the only one I knew. I was twenty-three years old and had the world and men at my fingertips. Everything was at my disposal at the drop of a dime.
Never having to worry about anything was my norm. I know some would think that I was cynical, I was living the life that people only dreamed of. I never felt an ounce of regret for the choices that I had made. They made me who I was, and I was motherfucking fantastic. 
Madam had become my confidant and mentor. I knew that in many ways I truly was her favorite. I don’t know what it was about me, I could see it in her eyes every time she looked at me. We had this unspoken bond and connection. The other women could see it too, there weren’t any problems though; we were all a family. 
The mystery and allure of her was still there; she had broken down some walls with me and I got to know her as a person. She could be a brutal bitch if she needed to be. You made sure to make it point not to cross her. I had seen her in action several times, nobody fucked with Madam. She could ruin you just by smiling. 
She not only owned Miami, but it was also worldwide. She always knew what I wanted or needed. She knew that with all of us. It was a sixth sense for her. 
Madam loved to keep me busy. You might think that I would become lonely since part of my profession kept me at arm’s length from all of my clients. My job was just to appear that I loved them. It was all a façade, and one that I had perfected. 
The older I got, the more I started to think about love though. I had seen the look in many of my clients’ eyes when they were with me. It wasn’t unusual to hear them say they wanted to take me away from it all. To give me everything and anything; it became a joke to me after hearing it so many times. 
It also became sort of a sick game for me, to see if I could get them to fall in love with me. I enjoyed knowing that I had someone in this world love me. I’m a sadistic bitch, it gave me pleasure, even though I knew I would never reciprocate it. These men thought they knew me, nobody really did. They loved what they thought I was, and I was what they wanted me to be. 
I was the fantasy. I was the dream. I was an illusion.
It was easy to become fucked up, when it came to love. Could you really be with one person? Does love truly conquer all?


<>*<>S<>*<>


“Sebastian, Sebby, wake up. You said you would take care of him.”
“What time is it?” I sleepily asked, hearing Christian’s very healthy lungs coming from the baby monitor.
“It’s almost three.”
“In the morning?” I asked, looking over to my wife in our bed, wearing her sexy as hell reading glasses, looking over at me with a frown.
“No, Sebby, it’s three in the afternoon, we’re in bed in the middle of the day. Yes, in the morning, now go get your son.”
“Are you going to be working on that case all night? You need to sleep, Babygirl.”
“Sebastian. Get Christian!” she shouted. Damn.
I warmed a bottle, changed a wet diaper, and sat in the glider as I fed my little boy. He looked up at me as he filled his little belly. I hummed a soothing song until his bottle was empty, and lifted him to my shoulder for a burp. That took two pats to the back. I nestled my cheek next to his soft baby skin and rubbed his back. God, I loved that boy. He was amazing, I couldn’t get enough of him. 
“I’m sorry, Sebby,” Julia said from the door. “I’m just stressed about this case and Christian. I’m not sleeping. Being a mom and working full-time is working out to be a lot harder than I had imagined. I’m still trying to find a healthy balance. I’m sorry I bit your head off, I didn’t mean to. You are amazing with him, there is nothing sexier than seeing you hold our son.” 
“Oh yeah, does this baby throw up over my shoulder do it for you, Babygirl?” I chuckled. 
“You have no idea,” she smiled. 
We put Christian back in his crib and both stared at him intently. 
“He looks just like you, he has your blonde hair and thin lips,” she suggested. 
“I don’t see it. I see more of you in him.” 
We kissed him goodnight and went back to bed. Julia took off her glasses and laid down next to me. 
“Why don’t you sleep naked anymore?” I questioned, looking at her blushing face.
“I don’t know, I got used to sleeping with tank tops on when I was pregnant. It’s only been six months and I haven’t lost all the baby weight yet.” 
Julia was intense trying to get back her pre-baby body. She was taking spinning classes like crazy and eating everything green with grilled chicken.
“You gained twenty-five pounds with Christian and you barely weighed 110 as it was before him. You were the hottest pregnant woman I had ever seen. I can’t even tell you’ve had a baby. What are you talking about?” 
“Sebby, you’re just being nice. I still can’t fit in my skinny jeans. Well I can if I don’t want to breathe. I still have six more pounds that I have to lose. I want to look good for you and I’m not comfortable yet,” she pouted.
“Is this why we haven’t made love with you being naked since Christian was born?” 
“Maybe, plus I just finished nursing a month ago. All the milk has finally dried up. My body has gone through a lot of changes that I just wasn’t expecting.” 
“You’re more beautiful to me now, than you have ever been before. You made me a father. You gave me something that I never imagined could be any more perfect. He came out of your body. You carried my son and I love you. I don’t care what you look like, even though I feel like you’re being ridiculous you look fucking amazing.”
“I love you,” she exclaimed, leaning over to kiss me. I felt her tongue in my mouth and it didn’t take me long to take off her clothes, get her naked, and wet. 
I would never get tired of making love to Julia. She did things to me that no other woman could do...or so I thought.























Chapter 13

<>*<>Y<>*<>

I was driving home from the airport on a Sunday afternoon. I had just gotten back from a “business trip” with a fairly new client. He was sort of shy and timid and it was a nice change of pace. His wife had left him for her personal trainer and his buddy had bought me for him. I had spent the last three days with a very emotional man. 
It was endearing and slightly annoying, but I pulled through. I needed to take my mind off of things; I wasn’t used to being around a man with so many feelings before. 
“Hey Kid,” Devon spoke into the phone.
“Hi doll, whatcha doin’?” 
“Not much, just woke up, it was a long night last night.” 
“Oh…are you about to start gnawing your arm off, because you’re waking up to a coyote?” I laughed. 
“Ha-ha, you’re so funny,” he said.
“And charming,” I stated. 
“Okay, funny and charming, Ms. Telle, what do I owe the honor of this wonderful wakeup call?” 
“Let’s do something. It’s a beautiful day outside, let’s go to the beach.” 
“Umm…yeah, let me call Christine and let her know I’ll catch up with her later.” 
Ugh, Christine was Devon’s new girlfriend. She was a bitch, we hated each other. 
“Tell her I said hello,” I stated in a perky voice. 
“She’ll love that. Come pick me up in an hour.” 
“You bet.” I hung up and went right home to change into a bikini and grab a beach bag. I decided to grab some water and sandwiches for us as well. 
I picked him up and he looked messy, Devon could work the messy look like no other. Once we got to the beach, it was packed. We picked a secluded spot near the water. We relaxed and talked for about two hours before we decided to go cool off in the ocean. After enjoying a refreshing dip, we made our way back to our spot where we ate lunch and talked some more. The afternoon sun was searing on my skin and I wanted to take advantage of it by getting more of a tan. 
I leaned forward to untie my top which exposed my breasts, and saw Devon gawking at me. 
“Seriously? You’re a pig!” 
“I’m a man. It’s in our nature to look at beautiful women. You, Ysabelle, are flawless, I’m sure there is no need for me to tell you. You know that’s why Christine hates you. She sees you as competition,” he joked.
“Christine is a Miami whore,” I affirmed with a huge smile. 
“She is not. She’s actually a really likeable person if you would care enough to get to know her. I think you guys might actually like each other if you gave yourselves half the chance.”
“Mmm hmm, I’ll get right on that,” I grinned and he nudged my shoulder with his. 
“What’s new Kid? Any love-life updates I need to know about? You breaking hearts?” 
“Oh you know me…I love them and leave them,” he chuckled, shaking his head. 
“So, this Christine bitch…you love her?” 
“Hmm…I don’t know if it’s love yet, it could be. I enjoy spending time with her and I’m going to be thirty-seven soon, don’t really want to die alone.” 
“Oh, I get it; you’re settling,” I said and he laughed hard enough for his head to jerk back. 
“Only you would twist my words like that. What is it with you and love, Kid? You’re fucking jaded about it.” 
“I’m not jaded about shit, I just think it’s a waste of time and energy. There are much more things in this life that don’t include love. If you really think about it, it’s actually just a hormone release of a chemical, kind of like a drug. What do drugs eventually do, Devon? They wear off!” 
“That’s the biggest load of bullshit that I’ve ever heard. You have serious issues with letting anyone in, even me and I’ve known you for eight years. I take you as you are. At first it bothered me, and then I accepted that it’s who you are. I imagine it has something to do with your upbringing. I’ve never met one family member of yours and you skipped town when you were sixteen; that tells me something. I’m not a fucking idiot, I can put two and two together.” 
“So how’s the bar doing?” I veered off, trying to do anything to avoid having this conversation. 
He looked at me and shook his head in disappointment.
“The bar is great. Anything that includes alcohol will be successful on South Beach.” 
“The rich and the lonely,” I chuckled.
“Are you lonely?” he said, raising an eyebrow at me.
“No,” I reminded him.
“No?” He was calling my bluff and it started to piss me of.
“What the fuck, Devon? What’s your problem?” 
“I don’t have a problem. It’s a simple question. Why can’t you answer it?”
“I did.” 
“You never answer anything, Kid. It’s actually quite annoying. I mean, when are you going to let me in? What the fuck do I have to do, huh? Give you a job, a place to live, a friendship…oh wait? I’ve done all that!” he shouted. 
“What? Now I owe you something for your kindness? You’re just like everybody else. You know what? Fuck you!” I grabbed my bag, hurrying to grab my things to leave. He grabbed me by the back of my neck and moved me right to his chest. His arms came around my frame and he buried his face in the side of my neck. 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it. It’s just…damn, Ysabelle, you’re the hardest person to know. My approach was wrong; I admit that I shouldn’t have pushed you. You’re important to me, I love you like my little sister. It’s frustrating that there’s this person that I care so much about, and I know nothing about her. I don’t even know what you’re doing now. I see the clothes, the car, and the money…where the fuck is it coming from?”
I wanted to tell him. It was one of the hardest things to lie to the first person who ever cared about me. I had made a pact with Madam and I was sworn to secrecy. As much as I wanted to include him in my life and for him to know me, the real me, I wasn’t allowed to. I had to lie to the only man that I believed meant it when he said he loved me. 
“You know I just worry about you, don’t you? I’m afraid of what you’re doing.”
“I’m not doing anything, Devon,” I sighed.
“I’m afraid you are. I don’t want to see you get into trouble.”
“I’m not going to get into trouble.”
“I’m not going to see your name in the paper for dealing drugs or some shit?”
I laughed. “No, Devon, I’m not dealing drugs. I’ve got to go; it’s getting late, let’s pack up.”
“There you go again.”
“What?” I asked with a frown.
“As soon as the air gets a little thick and you’re cornered, you brush me off and run.”
I kissed his cheek. “I’m not brushing you off or running. There’s nothing left to say. We’re good. All is forgiven, let’s move on,” I added.
“What if I don’t want to move on? What if I’m not done having this conversation and I want to continue?” 
“Continue to what exactly? I answered all your concerns. I’m not doing anything illegal. There’s nothing for you to worry about. I can take care of myself.”
“I’m perfectly aware that you can take care of yourself, Kid. No doubt in my mind. As I can see this isn’t going anywhere, just know that I’m here, okay? I’m not going anywhere. I don’t care what time it is, I don’t care what’s going on, I’m fucking here. I will always be here, got it?” 
“Entirely! Do you want to go get dinner? You’re treating.” I winked, pointing to him. 
We went to dinner as if nothing had happened. Devon was too good to me and I didn’t deserve it. However, I wasn’t fucking stupid enough to let him go either. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Have you ever had the sensation that someone was watching you when you were sleeping? I awoke with a gasp. It took me a minute for my eyes to register that my three year old son, Christian, was staring at me. 
“What’s up buddy?” I asked in a groggy voice. He looked at me with a “duh Dad” face, like I should already know. 
“I had a bad dweam. A monster under my bed,” he replied.
I sighed. “Buddy…remember, we looked everywhere in your room before we put you to bed. There weren’t any monsters, we even sprayed the monster spray to keep them away.” Again he looked at me with the “I’m stupid face”.
“Them comed back. Monster sprays don’t wok.”
“Okay…let’s go back in your room and make sure they’re gone, I’ll stay with you.”
“NO!” he shouted. He started crawling over me to move to the middle of our bed. 	“I sleep in your bed wif my mommy. Mommy say them is scared of you snores.”
God, what time was it? I looked over at my clock. It read 3:30 a.m. I know the pediatrician told us that we needed to follow through on the new bed routine, if we ever wanted to have our privacy back. I was too damn tired to take him back to his room. Julia and I both had to be up in a few hours. I scooted over to make room for him. Thank God we had a king sized bed. Julia subconsciously flipped over and put her arm around Christian. He immediately backed up to her. Our child owned us. 
The second time I awoke that morning was due to Christian’s leg kicking me in the face. I opened my eyes and heard the shower starting. Julia must already have been up. I looked over at Christian. 
How the hell does he sleep like that? He was in a pretzel position that almost looked painful, completely passed out. I got up being extra careful not to wake him, I looked over at the clock, reading 6:05 a.m. I leaned over and turned off the alarm. 
I tip toed to the bathroom and locked the door behind me. I stripped out of my boxers and quietly made my way into the shower. I came up behind my wife and put my arms around her, she jumped.
“Oh my God, Sebby…you scared me!” she scolded.
“I’m sorry, Babygirl, someone misses you and he wouldn’t take no for an answer.” 
I kissed my way down the back of her neck like I knew she loved, and rubbed my hard dick into her back, not wanting a misunderstanding on what I was implying. Having a three year old was proving to be challenging for our sex life.
“Is Christian still asleep?” she asked.
“No, I tied him to a chair and turned the TV on.” That got me an elbow jab to my ribs. 
“Yes, he’s still asleep.” I continued to kiss the back of her neck, as my hands caressed her breasts. Her head leaned into my shoulder.
“What time is it?” she asked in a raspy voice.
“We have enough time. I’ll be quick,” I replied.
“Huh, that’s not a very good introduction, Sebastian,” she laughed.
“If you really want to start comparing stamina, Babygirl, you know I have you beat; you’re the one pump chump in our marriage, not I.” That won me another elbow jab to my ribs.
“God, Babygirl, if you wanted it rough all you had to do was ask.” She laughed again and I walked our way to one of the walls of our thermostatic jetted shower. I grabbed her hips and positioned her to the jet that was leveled with her clit. 
“Oh God, you’re going right for it, huh?” she asked. I twisted the knob on the jet so that it released a little more power. 
“No…I’m making you go right for it,” I said with a smile. Julia’s panting and moaning only made my cock even harder. I bent her over slightly and put my hands on her hips, positioning my cock at her entrance. I pushed the tip in and rocked it back and forth. I knew I was teasing her, it is a game we liked to play, well, I liked to play, anyway.
“Tell me you want my cock in your pussy, Babygirl.” I loved it when I made Julia talk dirty to me. It was such a turn on to hear dirty things come out of her mouth. 
“You know I do, Sebby…please…” 
“That’s not what I asked for…” I took my cock completely out again.
“Jesus, Sebastian…please put your cock in my pussy. I’m close and I want to come with you inside me.” 
I forcefully pushed my cock all the way in, she cried out in ecstasy. She started to ride my dick harder and more urgently. I could feel her walls constricting on my cock, she was close to coming. We hadn’t had sex in almost a week and Thank God for the jets, because I knew I wasn’t going to last long. I could feel her pussy pulsating on my cock, until she started gripping onto it like a vacuum. 
“Oh fuck…yes baby…just like that. Pulsate on my cock…keep squeezing on it like that. I’m going to come with you.” 
I removed my hands from her hips, brought them up to turn her face, and kissed her passionately. Julia could be fucked, but she craved intimacy more. I then placed both my hands on her breasts and pinched her nipples. She clung to my cock as I felt her warm juices spread down my shaft. I plunged into her one last time and came just as hard.


Our family became the air that I breathed. I didn’t think it was possible for me to love Julia any more than I already did, she had given me Christian. She had made me a father, and made us a family. There wasn’t anything I wouldn’t do for them. 
“Dad!” Christian yelled.
“Yeah, buddy?” I answered as I helped him on the couch. He was still so little, he loved to think he was a man. 
“Whatcha watching?” 
“The baseball game; the Rays are playing the Yankees.”
“The Yankees suck!” He made me so proud.
“You know it.” 
“Christian! Don’t say suck.” Shit, Julia was home. 
“Sebby…you know you shouldn’t talk that way around him. He wants to be just like you and anything you say he will repeat,” she expressed. 
“I know, I’m sorry. You’ve got to admit that the Yankees do suck.” She rolled her eyes at me and I grabbed her by the waist, dragging her onto my lap. 
“Say it, Babygirl! Say the Yankees suck,” I chuckled as I held her down.
“No!” 
“Last chance to say it,” I warned. 
“Never!” she retorted, I looked over at Christian and he knew.
“Get her!” he yelled.
“No!!” she squealed as we attacked her by tickling her to death. She tried to kick and squirm her way out, but she was no match for Christian and I. 
“Please…please…have mercy…” 
“No, Mommy! You have to say da Yankees suck.”
“Okay…okay…the Yankees suck, the Yankees suck.” I let her go and she moved off my lap quickly. She grabbed a pillow and threw it at my face.
“You’re a bully! Using my baby boy against me. Come here, baby, let’s go order a pizza.” 
“No, Mommy, I’m a man and a man see baseball. Me stay with Dad.” 


Julia had thought she wanted a boy, I think the older Christian got she realized that she might need a little girl. 
One afternoon sticks out the most in my head. I had come home from work to find Christian playing with a Barbie doll. 
“Hey, buddy, what’s that you got there?”
“That’s my GI Joes, Dad, want to play wif me?” 
“In a little while, I’m talking about that doll.” 
“Oh! That’s Barbie, Mommy gots her for me. Isn’t she pretty? She looks like Mommy, and she’s gonna marry GI Joe.” 
“Oh okay. Where’s Mommy?”
“In da office.” I kissed him on the head and grabbed Barbie.
“Julia!” I yelled.
“In here, Sebby,” she shouted as I walked into the office.
“What the hell is this?” I barked.
“It’s a Barbie doll,” she answered, looking at me like I was crazy.
“I’m aware of what it is. Why does Christian have it?” 
“Because, I thought it would be nice for him to learn about love, and boys and girls. There’s nothing wrong with it, Sebby. And if you recall, you used to play Barbies with me.” 
“That’s because you use to whine until I did. This is bullshit, Julia. I don’t want my son playing with Barbie dolls.”
“Are you freaking kidding me? One, he’s our son; two, you’re overreacting; and three, I think it’s adorable. He really liked her. Her and GI Joe are going to get married later tonight, you’re invited,” she boasted, wagging her eyebrows. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.
“Julia,” I cautioned. 
“Sebastian,” she repeated in the exact same tone. Hers was meant as sarcasm. Mine wasn’t.
“Is this your way of saying you want a little girl? Because, if you’re trying to be subtle about it, you’re failing.”
“You’re being a chauvinistic pig! It’s just a Barbie doll.”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“I don’t know. I thought I wanted all boys, but he’s so messy and stinky. I love him more than anything, but he likes to catch bugs and watch sports. I tried to take him to the mall with me the other day and he complained the entire time,” she said and I raised my eyebrows.
“Do you want to try for another baby?”
“Maybe…do you?” 
“I don’t…I don’t know. I know we wanted more than one child; we haven’t discussed it since Christian was born and then you got back on birth control.” 
“I know. He’s getting older and he’s turning more into you. I’m surrounded by penises, Sebastian,” she joked and I laughed. 
“Okay…if I agree to start trying, can you not have Christian playing with Barbies?”
“Why? He’s really excited about them getting married. This isn’t fair. I’m trying to bond with him and this is the only way I know how.” 
“Babygirl…”
“Fine, no Barbies,” she sputtered. I shut the door with my foot and locked it, before walking over to her. Once I got to her, I started to kiss down her neck. 
“Sebby…” she warned.
“Hmmm…” 
“What are you doing?” 
“Showing you how to make a little girl.” 
She smiled and we made love on her office desk, both finishing at the exact moment Christian beat his little fists on the door.
“Dad?”
“Coming, buddy.”


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Gabriel was one of my most needy and demanding clients. He treated me like I belonged to him and it was often that I was with him. I didn’t mind being with him, he was a great lover and he always catered to my every wish. He was also somewhat controlling and also liked to know whom else I was seeing. 
I had to often remind him what our relationship was. It didn’t really matter, he loved to play house with me. For some reason, beyond my control, he thought by him being my “first” it set him to an advantage. Madam even had to remind him once or twice that I didn’t belong to him. She even went as far as threatening that he wouldn’t see me anymore; since then, he had decided to play nice. 
I laid naked in his bed one evening after he thoroughly enjoyed every crevice of my body. Gabriel loved me naked, when I was with him he insisted on it. 
He was rubbing my back to the curve of my ass and then would repeat the process. 
“I never tire of you, Ysabelle. I’m hard again just from touching you,” he said, so I batted my eyes at him. 
“Gabriel, you’re hard from just looking at me,” I chuckled. 
“You’re always down for anything, bent over, on your back, on top, legs spread, ready to go. A man can appreciate that.” 
"Hmmm, you can touch me any way you like. Your hands always feel fucking wonderful." 
They did feel remarkable. I could have fallen asleep just like that. Of course, Gabriel had other plans for me. I wouldn't be falling asleep in his bed anytime soon. I would let him play with me, satisfy me, and then leave him to sleep in my own bed. Yeah, even after all this time it was still about me. I'm sure he was satisfied too. 
I didn’t care for sleeping in a man’s bed, of course it came with the job sometimes; those times I sucked it up and went with it. I didn’t care for it. I loved my space and I hated waking up in a man’s arms. It was an illusion of something that wasn’t there, I played my part though. It’s what they wanted and what I was good at. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Christian was growing up to be a great little man. I couldn’t believe he had turned five a month ago. Julia and I had tried for another baby for the past two years, and it hadn’t happened for us yet. 
We promised that we would take our time and if it happened, it happened. We had seen way too many marriages lose it over not being able to conceive, and God had blessed us with one already. If just one was in the cards for us, then so be it. 
I’d sold hundreds of boats over the stint of my career. The day my career changed my life, in more ways than one, was the day I sold an Horizon RP 110. The asking price was $20,000,000. I made ten percent off every sale, you can do the math…
“Dad, what are you going to do with all that money? Can you buy me a motorcycle?”
“A motorcycle, huh? I don’t know, buddy. I don’t think Mommy would be too keen on that idea.”
“Well…we don’t have to tell her, Dad. It can be our secret. It can go in our vault, like the time you yelled at my coach for making me sit the bench for pushing Robbie in the chest.”
“Shhh…remember, what gets put in the vault, stays in the vault.” I winked at him. 
“All ready, baby?” Julia said to Christian, storming in the kitchen from our bedroom, “We’ve got to go.”
“Ok, Mommy, I’m going to go get my backpack,” he said, sliding off the chair to run off. 
Julia grabbed his cereal bowl and put it in the sink. I came up behind her and put my arms around her waist. She looked frazzled. 
“What’s up, Babygirl?” I voiced.
“I’m so nervous for you. This is the biggest deal you have done thus far, I know we don’t need the money, but I know how you get. You’re so hard on yourself and I just want it to go perfectly for you.”
“Oh…come on, I’m not that bad.”
“Are you kidding? You’re awful. You know you are.”
“Maybe a little bit,” I whispered into her ear. She turned around and put her hands around my neck.
“Just promise me that whatever happens, you will let it slide off. You won’t beat yourself up about it?” I moved my lips to her neck. She always smelled amazing in the morning. It always did something to me. 
“So, you don’t think I can close?” I teased. 
“Sebby…come on, we don’t have time for that,” she expressed with a light moan.
“We always have time for that.” Our lips moved to each other like magnets. She tasted like peppermint and orange juice. 
“EWW!! Dad, stop attacking Mommy.” And…there goes my hard on. 



Chapter 14

“This boat was made for you, Mr. Martinez. I can’t wait to show it to you.” 
“Please, my friends call me Alejandro.” 
“Of course, right this way, Alejandro.” We walked the gangway onto the yacht, immediately stepping onto a hardwood deck. The sliding glass doors were already open and you could just smell the fresh varnish in the air. 
Alejandro and I moved inside.
“This is perfect,” he stated.
“Yes, it really is. Let me show you the rest.”
“No need. I’ll take it.” 
“Are you sure? We have plenty of time, you’ve only seen twenty feet of one hundred and ten.” 
“I’m a man who sees what he wants and goes after it. There is no need to continue. How much?”
“$20,000,000 plus tax, title, and fees.” 
“Perfect, I’ll have the money wired out this afternoon. Now that the business is over, let’s celebrate with a drink. You have made me a very happy man, Mr. Vanwell.”
“Please, it’s Sebastian, and the feeling is mutual.” 
We sat on the couches that over looked the water, drinking and shooting the shit about nothing in particular. 
“So, Sebastian, are you married?” he questioned.
“I am.” 
“Happily?” 
I chuckled. “Yes, very,” I affirmed. 
He gave me a puzzling look, questioning my response. He looked like he half believed my answer.
“In my country, happily married men have their vices; tell me, Sebastian, what are yours?” 
“I don’t believe I understand what you’re referring to.” 
“Well then, let me extend an invitation. I would like you to be a guest of mine tonight. I will be hosting a party on this yacht. I would like for you to attend. And by all means, please bring your wife. I would love to meet her. She must be very beautiful, Sebastian.”
I didn’t like the tone of his voice, however, I wasn’t about to mess up a deal.
“My wife works late on Fridays, and it would be hard for us to find a sitter on such a short notice.”
“Oh…you have a child?”
“A son, Christian.” 
“A son. Nothing makes a man prouder than to have someone to carry on his name. I have a few sons of my own. I still insist that you come tonight. I would love to introduce you to some of my colleagues and friends. It would be in your best interest to make an appearance.” I nodded, understanding.
“Let me speak to my wife and see if I can work something out.”
We continued discussing stocks and boating for the next hour before we signed the paperwork and I excused myself back to the office to call Julia.
“Please, tell me you have amazing news?” she hesitated into the phone.
“You know I do.”
“Oh my God, Sebastian! I am so proud of you. I can’t believe it, this is amazing. I don’t even know what to say right now. I just…God I am thrilled and speechless.”
“Me, too, Babygirl. It couldn’t have been any easier. I would love to say I closed the deal, but this man knew what he wanted before I even had him on the boat. I was just lucky enough to book with him.” 
“I’m sure there’s more to it than that, Sebby. Everyone has a hard time saying no to you and you’re the best at your job. You’re the best with everything that you do.” 
That was Julia, always supportive and encouraging. 
“Thank you, Babygirl. How has your day been?”
“It’s been pretty busy. I was handed a new case this morning and I’m trying to gather as much information before I meet with them this afternoon. I will be home late tonight. What time will you be home? Will you be able to grab Christian from Mom’s?”
“That was another reason I was calling. Do you think your mom would mind keeping Christian tonight? The client that bought the boat is having some sort of event this evening and pretty much insisted that I be there. I know we haven’t spent much time together this week; I promise to give you my undivided attention when I get home. We can finish what we started this morning.”
“I like the sound of that. I’m sure Mom won’t mind. She’s always on me about wanting to spend more time with Christian. What time do you think you will be home?”
“I don’t know, I’ll text you.”
“Okay, Sebby. I love you and I am so proud of you. I can’t wait to show you how much later.” 
“I can’t wait either. I love you, too.” 
I was on cloud nine for the rest of day. Life was great. Everything had fallen into place, professionally and personally. I was truly blessed for everything that I had in my life. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Lying out by the pool would always be one of my favorite things to do. I could lay there with a good book and get lost. It was good for me to step out of my life sometimes. As much as I enjoyed what I did, I also needed downtime. I was lying out doing just that one afternoon, when I heard my phone ping, letting me know I had a text message. 

M – What are you doing?
Y – Lying out and reading.
M – Bella Rosa, you never cease to amaze me of all the things you could be doing and you waste your time on reading. You, my love, are an interesting woman. 
Y – I’m exhausted. I just got back from Paris with Frederick. As you know, he never tires. You would think he led life with his dick. 
M – He’s a man and Thank God for that or we would be out of business. His wife is a frigid bitch who never gives it up. I think he saves it all for you. 
Y – Don’t worry he should be good for the next few weeks. I aim to please.
M – Don’t I know it. You need to get your party pants on, Bella Rosa. Your services have been requested for 9:00 tonight.
Y – Who?
M – Alejandro Martinez.
Y – Attire?
M – Cocktail.
Y – Location?
M – Yachting Enterprises in Biscayne Bay.
Y – Just me?
M – Some of the others girls as well, he’s having a party. 
Y – Any other services other than my presence?
M – For now no, I will let you know if that changes. 
Y – Ok. 

Alejandro Martinez…the man had an insatiable need for cocaine and women. He was infamous for these types of parties. The parties with him would always take an interesting course of events and tonight would be no different. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I always kept a clean suit in my office. It worked for times like this, when I didn’t have time to go home. It was easier this way. The yacht was even more spectacular at night. All the lights were on, the underwater lighting lit the water, causing it to be irresistible to board her. 
Her new name, Skyfall, backlit with blue lighting that screamed of a South Beach nightclub at sea. I could hear the music at the end of the gangway. As I stepped upon the entryway, I could see that the yacht was already filled with people. 
“Would you like a glass of champagne, sir?” The waitress asked.
“No, thank you. I’ll grab something from the bar.” 
“What would you like, I’ll get it for you?”
“Scotch neat, please,” I replied as I felt a hand on my shoulder. 
“A hard liquor man, I see. You know you can tell a lot about a man from his preference of alcohol.” Alejandro turned to the waitress. 
“Make that two, please.” He turned back to me. 
“Sebastian, I’m glad you could make it. I assume the wife didn’t give you too much trouble?” What was it with this man and my wife? 
“Not at all,” I expressed. 
“Fantastic. Please, follow me. Let me introduce you to some of my friends.” 
I had hung out with several prominent individuals in Miami, they were everywhere in this town, and this yacht wasn’t any different. There weren’t many women around, mostly men with their liquor and cigars. 
The women that I did see were perfect, almost too beautiful if there is such a thing. They were scattered around here and there, and as the night progressed the more temptation stirred the senses, you could feel in the air. 
Alejandro had offered me some cocaine at one point, I respectfully turned it down. I wasn’t into that sort of thing, it wasn’t my first time being around it and I’m sure it wouldn’t be the last. I was thankful Julia hadn’t come, she would have had my ass.
That was one thing about Julia, she hated drugs.
“So tell me, Sebastian, are you always this much of a boy scout?” Alejandro questioned as he wiped his noise. 
“No, not a boy scout. I just don’t partake in these types of activities; by all means, don’t mind me. It doesn’t bother me, to each their own. If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to use the restroom.” 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


“Here, Bella,” Brooke said as she passed me the rolled up hundred dollar bill. 
“I’m okay,” I replied as I finished touching up my lipstick.
“You know Alejandro would shit himself if he knew you were passing up his Columbian finest. He gave me this for us earlier tonight.” 
“I guess you’re right. I’ll just take a bump though.” 
I used my pinky nail and raised some to each nostril. I snorted until I felt it ease its way to the back of my throat and quickly make its way through my bloodstream. Alejandro’s stash was always the purest; I knew he did much more than what he claimed. 
As soon as I tasted the chemical drip, my eyes watered, I felt my heart rate speed up, my pupils dilated and my face felt numb. All it took was five seconds, to feel like I was invincible. Cocaine is a hell of a drug. 
I checked myself in the mirror and wiped my nose for any residue to spread on my upper teeth. 
“You ready, doll?” I asked Brooke.
“Yep, I’m all good, Bella.”  
I reached to open the door of the restroom and as my hand touched the handle, it turned on its own, instantly pulling forward from the other side. 
“What the hell?” I said as I lost my footing and my hand collided with a firm chest. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Shit…I had been in such a rush to use the restroom I hadn’t thought about someone being in there. I steadied the woman in my arms. She was a petite little thing. I was worried that I had hurt her. 
“I’m sorry, are you all right?” I asked with a smile. She moved her face up toward mine and I was greeted with the greenest, most familiar eyes. Eyes that I hadn’t seen in years. My smile vanished. 
“Olivia?” I could hear my own desperation in my voice.
“Excuse me?” she replied as she tried to step away from my embrace, which inadvertently made me tighten my hold. I couldn’t speak, I was tongue-tied. This woman looked identical to Olivia. I felt as though my mind was playing tricks on me and this was some sort of a cruel joke.  
I could see the dazed and confused look on her face. 
“I appreciate the help, but I can stand on my own. You can let go now,” she asserted. 
“I- I’m sorry,” I sputtered as I let her go. 
She stood straight up, fixing her dress, and then her hair. 
“You know you could try knocking next time. It’s usually polite to knock before barging into a restroom. I could have been indecent.” 
This tiny woman was feisty…I couldn’t take my gaze away from her eyes, her mouth, her face. She looked just like Olivia, my Olivia. How could this be happening? 
Her left eyebrow rose in curiosity, she was getting impatient with me. I needed to say something…anything…
“I apologize. I’m usually more well-mannered,” I explained. 
She grinned at me eyeing me up and down. 
“No worries.” 
We stood there for a few moments not saying anything. My mind was racing with thoughts on how much she looked like Olivia. She could have been her twin. She was an older version of her, not by much, this was Olivia grown up. She was probably in her early twenties. How the fuck could this even be possible? 
“Why are you looking at me like that?” she smirked, breaking me from my thoughts, which made me chuckle. 
“I’m sorry…God, I keep saying that, huh? It’s just that you remind me of someone. It’s as if we’ve met before.” 
“Trust me, baby, if we’d met before, you’d remember. There wouldn’t be any doubt,” she teased. “I’m Ysabelle,” she said as she extended her right hand to me. 
“Sebastian,” I replied while shaking her hand and in that moment I didn’t want to let go. I wanted to pull her to me. I wanted to hug and embrace her. 
“Well then…it was nice meeting you, Sebastian. Maybe, I’ll see you again.” She stood on the tips of her toes, catching me off guard, and kissed me on my cheek, mere inches from my lips. She grabbed a blonde woman’s hand that I hadn’t noticed, and walked away from me. I wanted to run to her, shake her, and tell her she was Olivia. That she was mine. I knew in my mind that she wasn’t Olivia, but my heart kept telling me that she was. I hadn’t felt those feelings in years. I was so torn. I felt like I needed to know her. 
In the matter of a second all the feelings, thoughts, desires, wants, and needs were back in a flash. I felt the longing tugging at my heart. I needed to get my shit together. I walked into the restroom and splashed water on my face.
“What the fuck are you doing, Sebastian?” I urged my reflection. 
I needed to get the fuck out of there. I needed to go home to my family. I needed to forget what just happened, I took a deep breath, why couldn’t I move my feet? Why was just the thought of not seeing her again, hurting me so bad? I felt as though I couldn’t breathe.
I walked out of the restroom and went straight to the bar. 
“Two shots of Patrón.” I gulped both of them back eagerly and still felt like I wanted more. I wanted to forget this feeling. I wanted it to go away. I needed it to go away. I could not let it destroy me. 
I tried to shake off my thoughts. From the corner of my eye, I saw her again. She was dancing with the blonde. The way she was swaying her hips and her arms were hypnotizing. I couldn’t take my eyes off of her, she owned the room. 
“My, my, my, Sebastian. Now I learn that you may have some vices after all.” Alejandro whispered from behind. I turned to face him. 
“She’s perfect isn’t she? It’s all right amigo. Eve fucked it up for us when she gave Adam the apple, blame her.” 
I turned to look at her again. She was laughing in another man’s arms. His arms were around her waist and he was whispering something in her ear. I wanted nothing more than to go over there and punch the motherfucker out. My body was radiating jealousy over a woman I didn’t even know. 
I turned back to Alejandro I couldn’t look anymore. 
“You like her? Do you want her? I could get her for you. It’s a small price to pay for the beauty you sold me today.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“Don’t play coy, Sebastian. I can see it in your eyes. You want her and you want her bad. I could make that happen, just say the word.” 
“What do you mean? Is she your wife?” I asked. He laughed, so hard that his head fell back. 
“Ay Dios mio, Sebastian. My wife…seriously? No Sebastian, she is not my wife. She is no one’s wife. She belongs to Madam,” he revealed. 
“Madam?” I repeated. 
“You really have no idea do you?” he chuckled again and reached into his wallet, placing a business card in my hand.
It was a black card with VIP etched on the front in silver lettering. I turned it over to see an address and a phone number. 
I looked at him with a confused face.
“That,” he pointed to the card, “is how you find her,” he revealed to me as he walked away. 
I looked back at Ysabelle as she was walking away with that man, his face tenderly kissing her neck as he led her to the upper deck. I watched as they left my sight. It took everything I had not to go grab her from him. 
I looked back at the card. I knew two things in that moment. 
One, I was going to find out who she was; and two, I was eternally fucked. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I awoke the next morning exhausted. Whoever said sex wasn’t a hell of a workout was fucking lying. Michael could go for hours. I’d only been with him a few times, and each time it involved a sex marathon. It didn’t help that he loved to snort cocaine off my breasts. I was sore in places I didn’t know were possible. I swear he thought I was a contortionist with the positions he placed me in. 
I started to stretch my limbs when I heard Brooke’s ringtone. 
“Hello.” 
“Hey love, how you feeling?” she questioned, giggling.
“I’m all right, just stretching some. I didn’t get home till about four. I thought it would be earlier, Michael had other plans for me.” She laughed some more. 
“Well…anytime he sees you he attacks you before anyone can get their hands on you. I think it’s actually kind of funny. I know Milania wanted to try him out last night.”
“Milania can have him next time. I don’t care how good of a tipper he is. It physically hurts to walk today.” 
“He’s not that bad. Well…never mind he is that bad. I was going to ask you last night, who was that guy?”
“What guy?” 
“The one from the restroom. I swear the way he was looking at you was pretty extreme.”
“I have that effect on men, Brooke, it’s a curse,” I bragged. 
“Yeah…yeah…seriously though. Did you know him? I don’t think I’ve ever seen him before. I would remember. He was hot and really fucking tall.” 
“He was that, wasn’t he?” I sighed. “No, I’ve never seen him. He was definitely interesting. I think he said his name was Sebastian. I didn’t get a last name. Maybe Madam knows, or maybe he was just a random.” 
“Could be. I wouldn’t mind taking him for a test ride. Although, he wasn’t interested in me, he wanted little Miss Ysabelle,” she teased. 
“Nah, I don’t think the guy knew what he wanted other than to use the restroom. I may have just caught him off guard. He said I reminded him of someone, maybe he was just confused.” 
“You’re right. What are you doing today?” 
“Nothing,” I replied with a smile.
“You’re such a brat, call me later.” 
“Okay, bye.” 
I hung up and tossed my phone to my bed, took a shower, and ate lunch while watching football. Men loved women who knew their sports. As much as I would like to say that I watched it for them, it would be a lie. I secretly loved it. 
I thought back on what Brooke had said about Sebastian. He was good looking. He had to be about 6’4. I was wearing five inch stilettos and only reached his chest. I found myself fantasizing about his blonde hair, wanting to run my fingers through it. His blue eyes were just as entrancing. His narrow face showed perfect white teeth and a killer smile. 
I wondered if I would ever see him again. I hadn’t taken on a new client in a few months. The look on his face when he saw me definitely left an impression. He looked at me like I was his everything. I wanted to see that look again. I don’t know why, but I did. 
I had to make myself stop thinking about someone that I didn’t know. It absolutely made no sense. I went back to my normal life the next day, yet, just for that one day I let myself fantasize about the unknown possibilities.


<>*<>S<>*<>


It had been a month since I had met Ysabelle, a month since the business card started burning a hole in my wallet. I didn’t know what to do. I felt guilty for thinking about another woman, as much as I wished and prayed that it would go away, it didn’t. 
I thought about her, and I dreamt about her. I couldn’t get her out of my mind, it consumed me. It was like a tsunami had come crashing down on me. I felt guilty and I hadn’t even done anything. 
The thoughts of Ysabelle brought back thoughts of Olivia. I felt ashamed to think of Olivia after all these years. Seeing Ysabelle made me realize that Olivia would always hold a piece of my soul. 
I know when you’re young, you truly don’t know what it means to love. I knew that I did. I was given the opportunity to love two women in my life. I had the pleasure of experiencing that twice in my short lifetime. I know that made me sound like a selfish bastard, like I’m bragging about loving two women, though, it was the truth.
I loved my wife and my son. I couldn’t be thinking about someone just because they looked like someone I had lost. It wasn’t fair to me and especially not fair to my family. I had been spending more time with Julia and Christian. It was like I was trying to make up for the thoughts that overpowered me. I knew what I was thinking was so wrong, I couldn’t help it. I didn’t know what to do. 
“Sebby.” I heard Julia say from our bedroom. I immediately went to her. 
“Yes, coming,” I replied, stepping into the room. 
“Can you help me get these shoes? I can’t reach them.” I heard her say from our closet. 
I walked in to her wearing her cream silk robe; her see-through, cream silk robe. My eyes greedily took her in. 
“Where’s Christian?” I asked.
“He fell asleep on the couch, watching Finding Nemo. He was exhausted from Kevin’s birthday party yesterday. I think he may be coming down with something too, he felt a little warm this morning. If he’s still warm tomorrow I may have to call in to take him to the doctor.”
“I only have one appointment scheduled tomorrow, I can take him if needed,” I stated as I walked to her. 
“How did I get so lucky, huh? You are amazing, Sebby.” I pulled the front ties of her robe pulling her to me and letting the robe fall open. My hands went around her waist to her ass and my mouth landed in the nook of her neck just below her ear. Her skin was warm and she smelled of lavender.
“You took a bath. Why didn’t you call me?” 
She laughed. “Because, I wanted to relax and if I had called you I wouldn’t have been able to,” she moaned as I kissed my way to her collarbone. 
“I love bath time with you,” I taunted, continuing to kiss my way down her body. 
“Sebby,” she sighed as I brought her nipple in my mouth. I sucked on it, soft at first and then firmer. It became a soft peak as her hands went into my hair. I moved to the next one and repeated the process, moving toward her bellybutton while my hands continued to caress her breasts. 
Julia’s breathing became elevated. I kissed and licked her hipbones. My thoughts flashed to Ysabelle just for a second. I thought about her soft skin. I thought about kissing her- Fuck no…
I bowed my head on Julia’s stomach. What the fuck was wrong with me? How could I picture another woman when I was about to make love to my wife? 
“What’s wrong?” Julia asked, I could hear her hesitation. I looked up at her flushed face. Her eyes were my undoing, they were filled with so much love for me. 
“Nothing, Babygirl, I love you. You know that right? You know I love you more than anything in this world?” I confessed. 
“Of course I do.” 
I pressed her back to the wall and kissed her hipbones once again. I kissed my way to the top of her mound and gave a light peck to her clit. I spread light kisses all around her lips until she was panting and subtly moving her hips.
“Don’t tease me,” she proclaimed in a raspy voice. 
I licked her from the bottom to top of her slit while placing her leg over my shoulder. Her hands instantly went into my hair for balance. I opened her wider and lightly kissed and licked my way to where she wanted me the most. 
Her clit was throbbing for attention. I sucked on it lightly at first, and then more demanding. Her fingers began pulling at my hair. 
I brought my middle finger to her entrance and eased my way in. Her head fell back while sighing, oh my God…I sucked on her clit, while simultaneously pushing my fingers in and out of her. 
When I could feel her getting close, I motioned a come here movement with my fingers and roughly fucked her g-spot, never letting up from sucking on her clit. 
Her hips started moving on their own accord, causing my fingers to move faster and harder. 
“That’s it, Babygirl, fuck my face like you want it.” I went back to devouring her clit and finger fucking her pussy, and not a second later did I finally taste her climax. She slid down the wall and kissed me urgently. 
Nothing turned me on more than when she tasted herself. Her hand urgently went for my pants until she had my cock out and stroked it. She propped herself up, positioned my cock at her entrance and slid her way down. 
“Holy fuck, Babygirl, you’re so wet. Don’t stop, ride my cock. Ride it hard and fast, let me feel your sweet pussy come on my cock,” I groaned into her mouth. 
Her hips took to their own pace and she began bouncing up and down. I grabbed her hips while she extended out her legs and we fucked each other in sitting position. She moved forward and backwards and I could feel her pussy throbbing. 
“God, I love it when you squeeze my cock, nothing feels better than that.” 
“I’m almost there, oh God..,” she exclaimed. 
“Yes, oh fuck…come on my cock, let me feel you.” 
I felt her grip onto me and I quickly followed, kissing her breathlessly.
“I fucking love you,” I panted.
“I know,” she repeated. 



Chapter 15

I hadn’t stopped thinking about Ysabelle for the two weeks that followed. 
Even though I knew so little about her, I could tell she was a force to be reckoned with. I found myself fantasizing about seeing her again; in my dreams it would go further and I would kiss and caress her. I would touch her soft tan skin, and kiss every inch of her body; I would always wake up before it would lead any further than fondling. I couldn’t stop my unconscious mind from where it wandered. 
To say that I didn’t feel like a piece of shit to wake up with a hard on for another woman would be a lie. I talked myself out of calling the number on the business card daily. There were times that I would pick up the phone start dialing the number and abruptly hit the end button on my cell phone. 
I didn’t know what the fuck to do. I know what I wanted to do, although I couldn’t allow it to happen. I know I sound like a selfish fuck, but being with her did something to me. I knew she wasn’t Olivia, I also didn’t care. She looked like her and that was enough for me. 
“Mr. Vanwell.” My secretary said through the intercom in my office.
“Yes.” 
“Your son is on the line, would you like me to put him through?”
“Yes, thank you,” I said, clicking over. 
“Hey buddy.”
“Dad! Guess what?” 
“What?”
“Mommy said we could get a puppy. My teacher’s dog just had puppies and she said we could take one.” 
“Oh really?”
“Christian!” I heard Julia yell in the background through the phone. “Are you talking to your dad? Let me see that.”
“Hey, Sebby,” she said in her sweetest voice.
“We’re getting a dog?”
She nervously laughed, “He told you that, huh?” 
“Mmm hmm…”
“See, what happened was, his teacher said she was going to take the last puppy to the pound because she had sold all of the others. You know what they do to dogs at the pound if they don’t sell them. They kill them and I just couldn’t let that happen. Christian has been asking for one and I think he’s old enough to accept the responsibility. Plus, it would protect us when you work late; it’s a Lab/Golden Retriever mix. And-”
“Babygirl.” 
“Are you mad at me?” she asked with trepidation. 
“No, I just wish you would have discussed it with me before you said yes.”
“I know, I just got excited and then Christian got excited. I couldn’t say no. I was going to tell you later, I was just going to be naked at the time. Christian kind of ruined that plan though.”
“I see.” 
“Don’t be mad. I think this will be good for our family. I mean we do kind of need an animal and neither of us like cats.” 
“I understand.”
“You’re upset, I’m sorry. I can’t go back on it now. Christian would be so upset.” 
“It’s not a problem. I think a dog is a great idea.”
“You do?”
“Yes. Why are you surprised?”
“I don’t know. You’ve just been very amazing lately. Overly amazing.” 
“And that’s a problem?”
“No, I love it.”
“So when do we get this mutt?”
“Oh…that. He’s kind of…already…here.” 
“I can’t wait to meet him.”
“Can you stop by the grocery store and get some puppy food, I sort of forgot to do that on the way home.”
“Of course, I will be home in a few hours.”
“Great. I love you to pieces,” she praised. 
“You better!” 
I hung up the phone and promised myself that I would stop thinking of Ysabelle. I loved my family and I wouldn’t do anything to ruin how lucky I was. Too bad fate had other ideas.


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I hadn’t seen Devon in months. He had been pestering me to come by the bar and spend some time with him. He knocked up his girlfriend, which further proved my theories that she was a bitch and a money whore. Needless to say, we didn’t get to see each other very often. 
Devon fell head over heels in love with her and now they were having a little person. I was happy for him, it just didn’t make me like her any more.
She still didn’t care for me, and Devon didn’t give a shit and told her that often. He always seemed to make room for me in his life in one way or another. I went by the bar on a Tuesday evening and had a few too many cocktails. 
“Kid, I’m cutting you off after this one,” he said and I laughed, everything he said made me laugh. I was definitely the girl who got the giggles when she was drunk. 
“I think you should have cut me off like two ago, two before, two less. Wait, what?” 
“Oh man, you’re definitely taking a cab home. You’re losing your edge, Kid, you used to be able to handle your liquor.” 
“Hey…mister,” I said, pointing my finger at him. “I haven’t ate much today and if you haven’t noticed I’m a tiny person.” 
“Oh…I’ve noticed,” he said, wiggling his eyebrows. 
I rolled my eyes, “And…this is why your baby’s momma hates me. She’s a stupid bitch, you could do so much better.”
“Don’t talk about Christine like that and look at you.” He waved his hand up and down. “Any woman would hate you. It doesn’t matter though, because I love you.” I rolled my eyes and for some reason that made me lose my balance and I almost fell off my chair, then someone caught me.
“Damn heels!” I scowled. “Thank you..,” I exclaimed, looking up at the familiar blue eyes and blonde hair, it sobered me right the fuck up.
“Nice catch… Sebastian, right?” 
“You remember?” he seemed surprised. 
I cocked my head to the side, “Don’t let it go to your head. I’m good with names,” he smiled. 
Damn there’s that smile.
“Are you all right?” he questioned.
“Yeah…you seem to always be catching me. Do you have some sort of radar?” He laughed at my question. 
“Something like that,” he suggested. 
“Well my shoes thank you. They would have been scuffed if it hadn’t been for your timing. Would you let me buy you a drink?” He nodded and sat on the barstool next to me. I looked back at Devon who had a stupid smug face. 
“What’s your poison?” I asked, looking back at Sebastian.
“Whisky, straight.” I looked back at Devon and held up two fingers. He left shaking his head at me. 
“You know him?” Sebastian questioned.
“Old friend. I actually used to work here many moons ago.” 
“I see,” he nodded.
“What brings you out on this fine Tuesday evening?” 
“I was meeting a friend for a drink and you caught my eye as I was walking out.” 
“Interesting…then it wasn’t my graceful fall off the stool that brought you over?” 
“That helped. It gave me a reason to come over.” 
This man was intriguing to say the least, he avoided looking at me and that didn’t happen often. 
Devon came back over and handed us our drinks, winking at me before leaving. I knew what he was thinking, forever the eternal romantic. You’d think he was fucking cupid.  
“What brings you out? Isn’t it a little late for you?” Sebastian asked, making me gaze back to the side of his face.
“I’m a big girl, Sebastian,” I said teasingly. He chuckled and it made him even more handsome with his bright blue, penetrating eyes. You could tell everything from his eyes. His structured cheekbones and jaw line accented his thin lips. Men are my life and this one was a keeper. 
“Doesn’t your husband worry about you?” I raised my left hand and moved my fingers. He smiled, “Boyfriend?” 
 “Do I give off the needy vibe?” I said, raising my eyebrow. He laughed again. I could tell that he was nervous which was typical.
“What do you do?” I asked.
“I’m a yacht broker, I’m actually a partner of the company.” 
“Oh, is that why you were on Alejandro’s yacht? He’s your friend?” 
“He’s a client that invited me for the evening.” 
“I figured as much, you don’t seem like the type of man that Alejandro would associate with, no offense.” 
“None taken.” 
I sipped on my drink some more and noticed that his was entirely gone. 
“Would you care for another?” I asked.
“I better not. What do you do?” he stammered, I could sense that he had been hesitating and waiting to ask me that since he sat down.
“It depends,” I said, putting my hand on his knee. His eyes peered right at mine and I saw pain. 
“God…you look just like her,” he whispered. 
“Who?” I asked, staring right at him. He sighed and abruptly stood. 
“I have to go. It was nice seeing you again, Ysabelle. Take care.” 
He grabbed a fifty out of his wallet placed it on the bar and left. 
I had made several impressions on men throughout the years, I had never encountered someone quite like Sebastian. 
	
	
<>*<>S<>*<>


I had been staring at the VIP card on my desk for at least an hour.
She was nothing like Olivia except for her appearance. She had a rough exterior and it made it all the more inviting for me to want to break down those walls. Sitting with her at the bar was puzzling and captivating. 
The second she put her hand on my knee, I was done for. For the last few days I thought about her. She was intoxicating to me. It wasn’t even her appearance that I wanted to be around anymore, it was her. I enjoyed her company. Her smile and laughs were addicting, and her feistiness was appealing. It didn’t help that she was fucking gorgeous and looked like the woman that would always own a piece of my being. 
I continually reached for my phone, then I would stop myself, and then the whole process would repeat itself. I kept contemplating what would happen if I just called, I mean, there’s no harm in picking up a phone and talking to someone right? 
I didn’t even know who I would be talking to. I had a good feeling that this number might not be hers. Alejandro said she belonged to Madam, what does that even mean? And Ysabelle wasn’t keen on providing me any information. 
I Googled VIP into my computer, one website came up on the browser. I clicked on it. It was a discrete website that looked very much like the business card. Except it described the words “beautiful women” and “companionship”, nothing elaborate other than the same number and address. It instructed to ask for Madam. 
I picked up the phone and dialed the number. It was as if I was having an out of body experience. I could see everything I was doing, and I couldn’t control any of it. I was a crazed man that was possessed in my need to see Ysabelle again. 
The phone rang four times before I heard a voice on the other end. 
“Madam’s Residence,” he stated. 
“Good afternoon, is Madam available?”
“Who may I ask is calling?” 
“Sebastian, Sebastian Vanwell. She doesn’t know –”
“Please hold,” he said, cutting me off. I waited on the other end for what felt like an eternity. My palms were sweating and my heart was pumping out of my chest. I was about to hang up when I heard my name. 
“Mr. Vanwell, so nice of you to finally call, darling,” she proclaimed. 
“Oh…wait – I think you have me confused with someone else. You don’t know me,” I explained. 
“Oh no? You’re not Sebastian Vanwell, Alejandro’s friend? I apologize if I have mistaken you for someone else,” she apologized and I nervously laughed. 
“I do know Alejandro. I don’t think I would call him my friend. I didn’t know he would speak of me to you. I’m caught a little off guard by that.”
“Mr. Vanwell, there is nothing to worry about. My business tailors to clientele through referrals. All clients know this, and they also know not to refer unless they know the person can keep the upmost anonymity. Alejandro just let me know that he gave you a business card.” 
“Right. Listen…I don’t even know why I’m calling. I’m sorry I wasted your time,” I said as I was about to hang up.
“Sebastian…may I call you Sebastian?” she asked. 
“Umm…yes.” 
“Great. Sebastian, I can sense your nervousness over the phone. You’re not doing anything wrong, darling. Just relax. We’re two consenting adults talking. Now let me begin by telling you how excited I am that you called. I heard you were quite taken by my Ysabelle. She is a beautiful thing isn’t she?”
“Yes,” I whispered as she chuckled. 
“Ysabelle is my prized possession, Sebastian, she is very special to me. Do you understand that?” 
“I do. Can I speak freely?”
“Of course.” 
“I’m not quite sure what you mean. She belongs to you? I don’t understand.” 
“Oh yes…I have gotten a bit ahead of myself, haven’t I? Please excuse my carelessness. Ysabelle works for me, Sebastian. She’s my girl, she’s an escort.” My mouth dropped open. I didn’t know what to say. I had just called a whorehouse. Ysabelle was a prostitute. 
“Are you there?” 
“I’m sorry to have wasted your time. I had no idea. I’m a happily married man. I just thought…I – I don’t know what I thought,” I stuttered. 
“It’s all right, darling. I keep my business discrete for several reasons. You have nothing to be ashamed of, Sebastian, you haven’t done anything wrong. Ysabelle provides several different forms of companionship. This isn’t what you think it is. My girls are not prostitutes, they are prized jewels and not just any man can be with them.” 
“With all due respect, I am fully aware of what an escort entails, Madam.”
“Really? Well then, Sebastian, why don’t you put your money where your mouth is? You’re obviously taken with my Ysabelle, or else you wouldn’t be calling a month and a half later. You could have Ysabelle for an evening and you could do with her as you please. I promise you won’t regret it.” 
“There would be no need for sex?” I hesitated. 
“Sex is not a need, it’s a want. Unless you want it, then no; you can talk, and just enjoy one another’s company. There is no harm in that, now is there? 
“How much?” I couldn’t believe I had just said that. I felt sick to my stomach.
“My girls aren’t rented by the hour, Sebastian. Since I can feel your hesitation I will allow it this time. How about $5,000 for two hours?”
“$2,500 an hour to talk to someone?” I blurted.
“I never said my girls were cheap, Sebastian. My girls are ladies and expect to be treated as so.” 
“Whatever. When can I see her?” 
“Well…that’s up to you. How fast can you come in to see me?”
“I don’t follow.”
“I know you’re not planning on being intimate with Ysabelle, however, there is still a process that needs to take place before you can have her.”
“Which is?”
“You would need to come in and have a physical, and be tested for any discrepancies. Also, I would need your social and fingerprints to run a background check. I also need to keep a card on file. I protect what’s mine, Sebastian, I’m sure you can understand that,” she proclaimed. 
“I understand. I can come in tomorrow afternoon, let’s say around noon.”
“Perfect, it won’t take long for the results. If everything clears you could see her this Friday. Her appointment for that night canceled. His loss is your gain. I can tell her once everything comes back, and put you on the schedule. Now where would you like to arrange to meet her?” 
“I’m not quite sure. I’m married and I don’t think my wife would appreciate what the hell I’m even doing; this will be a one-time thing, I just need to see her this once and I will be done. I won’t need more time with her.”
“Of course,” I could feel her smiling on the other end as if she could predict that it wouldn’t be. “Well, may I suggest a hotel room? There’s privacy and the discretion that you need.” 
I didn’t want to meet at a hotel, but I didn’t have much of a choice. 
“Have her meet me at The W at 6 p.m., I will confirm the room number as soon as it’s booked,” I replied, trying not to sound uncertain. 
“Have a great evening, goodbye.” I heard the dial tone and hung up. I couldn’t believe I was doing this. This was it. I just needed to see her. After that I would forget about her forever. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


They say that everything happens for a reason. I’ll never forget the phone call that changed my life. It all started with that damn phone call. I should have known better. I should have passed. I should have done a lot of things other than meet with him. 
I didn’t.
I answered the phone.
I accepted the date. 
And I changed the course of my life. 
I met with Sebastian Vanwell. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I was a nervous wreck for the rest of the week; my results had come back clean, as I knew they would. I didn’t know if I should have been thankful that she had an opening so soon. I should have given myself more time, maybe even some time to talk myself out of it. 
I knew in my heart that it didn’t matter, I was destined to meet Ysabelle. We were meant to cross paths. For whatever fucked up reason she came into my life, I couldn’t let her go. As much as I repeated to myself that I would only see her that one time, I knew in the back of my mind that it wouldn’t be the last. I couldn’t admit that to myself, because if I did I wouldn’t be able to look in the mirror. 
So I lied to myself and continued my week as if it were just any other. I drove myself to the hotel that Friday evening, parked my car, and rode the elevator up to the fourth floor. 
I took off my jacket, loosened my tie some, and served myself a Scotch. After my second drink, there was a knock at the door. I knew the moment I opened the door that everything I believed in would change. That didn’t stop me from doing so. I walked to the door and opened it with welcome arms. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


He opened the door and I was once again greeted with the same gaze that I had not allowed myself to think about. 
“Good evening, Sebastian,” I said as I stood on the tips of my toes to kiss him on the cheek. He wasn’t as caught off guard with it as he had been the last time. I felt his arms go around me and he pulled me into a tight hug, with his face buried in my neck. 
Now I was the one who was caught off guard. I could feel myself stiffen in his embrace. He hugged me like he knew me, like he hadn’t seen me in years. I had never been embraced like that and I began to feel uncomfortable. I didn’t do emotions; I didn’t know how to handle them. I couldn’t deny that I felt grounded being in his arms. I felt cherished. His strong arms felt comforting and safe. I found myself closing my eyes and breathing him in. 
Fuck…what am I doing?
I eased myself away from him and he looked me right in the eyes. His eyes were moist, like he was stopping himself from crying. 
“Are you all right?” I asked softly.
“Yes, I’m more than all right. I’m so happy to see you again. Please, come in.” He gestured toward an open living room. I walked in and set my purse on the counter. 
“Would you like a drink?”  
“Sure,” I replied.
“What would you like?” 
“What are you having?”
“Scotch.”
“Straight?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll have the same.” My answer intrigued him, I could see it in his face. He poured our drinks and handed me mine. I took my second sip and he was already pouring himself another glass. 
“Are you nervous?” I taunted. 
He looked up from his drink, “Why would you say that?”
I smirked, “Because, you’re drinking like a fish and you look sort of flushed.” His demeanor changed from the man who opened the door. Something was up; I quickly glanced at his left hand. I didn’t get the opportunity to do it at the bar. 
“Are you married?” I asked. He quickly took another sip of his drink. 
 “No, now why would you ask that?”
I smiled, “Hmmm…well that one’s easy, there’s a tan line where your wedding ring should be.” Interesting…he was married. Now talk about a game changer and here I was thinking this man was different. Damn me for letting my guard down for even a second. I swear the married ones were always so clueless, I mean, I could sense the apprehension from a mile away. The shame in his eyes was undeniable and the way he kept drinking just told me he was trying to calm his nerves.
I smiled again, I felt bad for him but that didn’t take away the want to fuck with him a little bit. I was a little shit like that. 
“It’s all right, Sebastian,” he looked back up at me and caught me smirking again, “The real question you should be asking yourself, is if you took your wedding ring off for me, or if you took it off for yourself; because I don’t care whether you’re married, single, divorced, or widowed…” 
I walked closer to him, close enough to start playing with his tie, “Does it make it a little easier for you with the ring off? Does it make it not so real?”
I stopped playing with tie and we stared into each other’s eyes. I had stared into the eyes of lots of men throughout the years. Most of the time they were the same; always lust, want, need, or desire. His were different. They were sad. It was like looking at me was causing him pain, and even though it was painful, he couldn’t turn away. 
The air between us started to feel thick and I could sense the tension. I didn’t want the night to proceed like that so I decided to lighten the mood with some teasing. 
“You know Sebby-”
“Don’t call me that,” he asserted with caution. I cocked my left eyebrow in intrigue. 
“Hmmm…okay…what would you like me to call you?” 
“Sebastian,” he demanded.
“Interesting. Okay…I’ll play. You know, Sebastian, I actually prefer the married ones,” I declared. 
“Why is that?” he questioned, confused. 
“Because, you’re all looking for the same thing, you want a change, want to spice it up, maybe it’s a fantasy that you want to perform that you can’t do with your wife, or you’re just over the routine of being with the same woman. 
“Sometimes you want to sow some wild oats that you didn’t get to do, because you were either married young, or you just weren’t that kind of guy. There really isn’t anything to be ashamed of, we’re human beings, and like animals, we’re not born to be monogamous.”
He smiled and it felt as though he was more relaxed, not sure if it was the conversation or the whisky. I would have guessed both. 
“You’re very sure of yourself, aren’t you?” 
“Am I right? Wait let me guess, you’re a little bit of all of the above,” I said with a shit-eating grin. 
“Wait…hold on a second…if I remember correctly, you called me something else that night on the yacht and you told me I look like someone. What was it? Oh! I remember now, you called me Olivia.” He immediately flinched, it was fast but I saw it. 
“Huh…Sebastian, you’re keeping secrets. What kind of relationship are we going to have based on secrecy?” I questioned. “This Olivia, is she your long lost love? Do I remind you of her? Is that why you’re here? Wait, is that why I’m here…am I supposed to play a part? Madam didn’t tell me.” 
“I don’t want to talk about that, Ysabelle.” 
“Did I hit a nerve?” I questioned as he finished his drink.
“It’s okay. You don’t have to tell me. You know, Sebastian, this is actually perfect for me. I’m quite the little actress. We can make love, hell I can even spank you and tie you up, or I can play the shy little virgin,” I mocked. 
“Hmmm…I’m betting you want to fuck?” I observed. His eyebrows rose like he did not expect me to be this blunt. He set down his glass and walked over to me. His demeanor changed, he wanted to intimidate me. He had no idea who he was fucking with. 
“So let me guess, this is where you tell me that you don’t kiss on the lips?” he alleged. 
I chuckled, “No…I love to kiss on the mouth, Sebastian, especially if my come is on your lips.” 
The look on his face was priceless. 
 “Am I being too forward, coming on too strong, Sebastian?” He cocked his head to the side and put his hands on my shoulders. 
“It’s okay, Ysabelle,” he cautioned. 
“Excuse me?” 
“This rough exterior you have going on. It’s sexy as hell, you don’t need to put on a performance for me though. I don’t need you be to be anything other than yourself. I just want to talk to you. I didn’t pay for sex and I’m sure Madam explained that to you. I am married. I just wanted to see you. It’s that simple.” 
This man was a walking contradiction. One second I was thinking he is like every other cheating husband and then he throws me a curveball like that. 
“What am I doing here, Sebastian?” I asked softly. His left hand caressed the side of my cheek and I instantly wanted to lean toward it, not because I was supposed to, because I wanted to. What the fuck was he doing to me?
“I just want to talk to you, Ysa.” 
“Ysa? You have a nickname for me now?”
“It just came out. I could call you Ysabelle if you’d like?” 
“No. It’s okay, you can call me whatever you’d like.”
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered as he genuinely smiled at me. The gesture made me walk away from his embrace. It was too much.
“So, Sebastian…do you usually pay $5,000 to talk to woman?” I stated. And he chuckled.
“No, not usually. I’m a nice guy though, my mom tells me so.” I giggled at his corny joke. 
“You know, you’re awfully feisty for being so tiny.”
“I’ve been called worse. So what are we doing? If we’re not fucking, I’m assuming foreplay is out too? I’m still sort of confused on the itinerary here.” 
“It is a bit confusing, huh? It’s the same for me. I don’t know what the guidelines are here either. I’ve never done this before. To be completely honest, Ysabelle, I can’t say that I’m not taken back by the fact that you’re in this business.” I raised my eyebrows.
“No…I mean to each their own. It’s just that you’re…I mean…it’s…” he stuttered, “Fuck…I’m sorry. I don’t mean to offend you.” 
“No worries, you’re not the first man to tell me that and you won’t be the last,” I declared. 
“Let’s start over,” he suggested. 
“Sure.” 
“Great, since neither of us know what to do here. How about we play ten questions? It’s a way to get to know one another,” he proposed with a grin. 
“Ten is a little high, don’t you think? How about five?” 
“All right” he said, laughing.
“Just to make things a little less PG-13, how about, if we decide not to answer the question then we have to take a drink. I mean unless you have a curfew. I wouldn’t want to break up a happy home.” 
“We’re good,” he remarked.
“Fabulous, ladies first. Why am I really here?” I asked.
“Not going to make it easy on me, huh. I don’t even know if I can answer that, other than that you look like someone who was very important to me.” 
“Where is she?” 
“You got to ask your question, it’s my turn. How long have you been doing this?”
“Doing what exactly?” 
“Selling yourself,” I laughed so hard my head fell back.
“Really? Selling myself? Oh, come on. I think we both know, Sebastian, that I don’t do anything I don’t want to. I don’t sell anything. It’s a service for service arrangement. I get just as much as I give. To answer your question, I have been selling myself since I was…fuck…I don’t know fourteen, fifteen maybe. I’m a generational whore,” I confessed with a smile. 
“You were a child. Where were your parents?” 
“You got to ask your question, it’s my turn,” I repeated. 
“Where is this Olivia? I take it she is not your wife or you wouldn’t be here.” His gaze left mine and he took a sip of his drink. 
“Touché,” I stated. 
“Where were your parents?” 
“Well…let’s see. You want honesty right? I mean, I can give you the made up version or the truth.”
“When you’re with me I always want the truth, Ysa.” 
There was something about the tone of his voice and the look in his eyes that made me want to believe him.  
“I never met my father and my mother was...let’s just say I grew up alone. Not everyone comes from a cookie cutter family, Sebastian. It’s all good, I love what I do, don’t mistake that.” 
I didn’t think either of us knew what we were getting ourselves into when we decided to play this game. Why I had just shared my past with a complete stranger was beyond me. 
Maybe I was at a point in my life where I just needed to tell someone. This man was paying for my company and he wanted honesty. I guess I did it for him; at least that’s what I told myself. 
“Why’d you take your wedding ring off?” I asked as he paused and he sighed deeply. 
“I took it off to make myself more comfortable. As much as I keep telling myself I’m not doing anything wrong, I still feel like I am. I thought taking it off would make it easier on me.” 
“You’re allowed to speak to women, Sebastian, I don’t know why you would want to pay to talk to one, but whatever tickles your fancy.” 
He grinned, “How old are you?” 
“I just turned twenty-four, you?”
“Thirty-two. Is it hard?” 
“Oh…it’s always hard,” I giggled. 
“Cute. I mean is it hard doing what you do?” 
“Eh. It depends if they want me to spit or swallow.” His eyes opened wide.
“Kidding…well sort of. It’s not hard. It actually never was. I’m not lying when I say I enjoy what I do. I get to meet all sorts of different people, travel, dine at the best restaurants, and I make a fuck load of money. I’ve done well for myself, especially for a girl like me.” He reached out and took my hand in his own. I didn’t understand why he felt the need to comfort me, but for some reason I let him. 
“Any kids?” 
He hesitated, “One, a boy, Christian; he’s five.”
“Wow…a husband and a father. What are you going to tell your wife when you get home?” 
“That I was meeting with clients.” 
“You said that awfully fast, have you been rehearsing it?” He shook his head, I smiled and looked at my watch. 
“One last question,” he contemplated. “Have you ever been in love?” His pupils dilated and I took a sip of my drink.  
The night ended with nothing more than a kiss on the cheek, although, I hadn’t seen the last of Sebastian Vanwell.
This was only the beginning. 








Chapter 16

<>*<>S<>*<>

Nothing could have prepared me for Ysabelle coming into my life. The feelings and turmoil that came since I laid eyes on her were a cluster fuck. When I wasn’t thinking about her I was dreaming about her, which would usually lead to fantasizing. 
It had been two weeks since I last saw her at the hotel room and not a day went by where I didn’t want to see her again. What surprised me the most was that I initially arranged the meeting with her because she looked like Olivia, which was my initial draw to her. Ever since having her company those few times, there was a certain quality about her that I couldn’t explain. She was an enigma to me. 
There was something about her that was guarded and vulnerable all at the same time. She was a walking paradox. 
“Sebby…” Julia smiled.
“Hmm…” I answered as I played around with the food on my plate. 
“Where did you go? Did you hear anything I just said to you?”
“No, I’m sorry. I was thinking about the banquet tomorrow. There is a lot that needs to be done. What were you saying?”
“Well, it’s actually about that. I know that I said I could make it. I have a client coming in from Chicago to meet with the firm. It’s a corporation who is looking for new legal representation. I sort of have to be there and I think if all goes well, then we will be taking them out for dinner and drinks,” she explained while nervously playing with her fingernails.
“So you’re saying that you won’t be able to make it tomorrow?” 
“You know I would love to go, but I also have commitments.” 
“Julia, you have known about this for the last month. I have clients that would like to meet you, and the business strives on family and mine is not there.” 
“You could take Christian.” 
“To a black tie event? Are you fucking with me?” 
“I’m sorry, I can’t make it.” 
“That’s just great, Julia. Thank you for the support,” I continued. 
“Why are you being such an asshole? When do I ever not support you!?” 
“You know what? Don’t fucking worry about it. I’ll go by myself and provide for my family on my own.” 
“Are you being serious? Sebastian, I work just as hard as you do, and when did your career become more of a priority than mine?” 
“I never said it was, damn, I don’t ask for much. I do expect my wife to be by my side for something as important as this is to me.” 
“I get that you’re stressed out, okay…that is no reason to take it out on me. I do everything for you. My career also provides for our family, and the deal tomorrow is for our future too, you dick,” she yelled while standing up and walking away from me. I heard the door slam to our bedroom and knew that it was going to be a long night. 
I knew I was being unfair and I didn’t know why I was overreacting. I had intentionally picked a fight with Julia. 
I started cleaning up the table as Christian came in. 
“Can I help?” 
“No, it’s okay, buddy.” 
“Why are you guys fighting?” 
I shrugged, “Sometimes parents fight.”
He nodded in understanding, “Mommy sounded really upset, Dad. You should say you’re sorry.” 
“I will, I think it’s better for you to let me worry about that. You worry about school and baseball.” 
“Girls are weird, Dad. Katie likes to take my brownie without even asking me. I told her not to because it was mine and she started crying. Now she won’t talk to me.” 
“Hmmm…yeah, girls will do that. Maybe you should start taking two brownies, one for her and one for you,” I suggested. 
“I guess I could do that. She’s always following me around and stuff, it’s weird.” 
I laughed, “I think she may like you, buddy.” 
“Eww…really? Why?”
“Girls mature faster, she’s five but really fifteen. One day you’ll appreciate that. Mommy was like that when she was five, too.” 
“Girls are gross, Dad, well I mean…maybe sometimes. She does always smell nice and she does help me with my letters. I guess she’s okay. It’s tough being a man, Dad.” 
“It sure is, bud,” I replied, trying not to laugh. 
“Do you think Mommy will be okay? I don’t like seeing her sad.” 
“Me either, Son, I’ll make it better.” 
I put Christian to bed and I was mentally exhausted. I went into our bedroom and Julia was already sleeping. I took a shower trying to analyze what the hell was going on with me. I didn’t want to be thinking about another woman, and I most certainly didn’t want to be picking fights with Julia. 
I needed to put all these thoughts behind me and move forward. I couldn’t let them take over anymore. I went to bed and put my arm around my Babygirl, bringing her over to me. We slept like that all night. 


I sent Julia a dozen roses the following morning and once is was delivered, I received a text that said, “I love you, I’m sorry, and good luck”. The day proceeded with vendors trying to get everything in order for the evening. The event was being held at the biggest banquet hall we could find on South Beach. We were expecting about 350 current clients and new prospective ones. It was gearing up to be a huge event.
The evening started off like every other, lots of talking and socializing. Presenting everyone with our new inventory and setting up appointments for test runs and walkthroughs. I was in a circle of some very prominent clients. This could be big. I had two of the men completely eating out of my hand, asking questions, and intently listening to me describe our new Fraser yacht. This is where I excelled, talking about what I knew best, which was yachts. 
So I made a joke about the wine cellar below deck, laughing with the guys about what wine does to women. Anytime, you associate yachts and women it usually seals the deal. 
“What do you think, gentlemen? Should I set something up for next week?” I questioned. 
“Yes, I think you should, Mr. Vanwell.” Said a voice from behind me as I turned. 
“Good evening, I apologize for interrupting, I couldn’t help overhearing your introduction for this lovely piece of machinery, and once you added the women comment, well, that pretty much sealed the deal,” he chimed in laughing. 
I observed the well-dressed man, trying to be casual. 
"I'm sure I can arrange that, sir. It seems you have me at an advantage though. I am Sebastian Vanwell, and you are?” 
“Gabriel Morisette, please call me Gabriel,” he asserted, shaking my hand. 
“By all means, Gabriel, call me Sebastian; Mr. Vanwell makes me look for my father.” 
He nodded, “This is definitely a beauty, and I take pride surrounding myself with beautiful things. How soon can you fit me in?”
“If you would like, we could arrange something for Monday morning?”
“Absolutely, Monday would be fine.” 
“How about we make our way over to the bar. My companion seems to have forgotten about me. She was supposed to be getting us some drinks.” 
“Oh, I have one of those. Sometimes I feel like the only direction they seem to remember is their way to the mall.” We laughed, continuing our banter on the way to the bar. We were about ten feet away when something, or someone I should say, caught my eye. 
“And speak of the devil,” Gabriel boasted as Ysabelle turned around smirking, and we immediately locked eyes. 
“There you are, love, I’ve been looking for you,” Gabriel said, teasing the side of her neck with light kisses. Which made my fingers start twitching. 
She kissed him on the mouth while still looking into my eyes; she knew what she was doing. She was fucking with me. 
“I hardly doubt that, Gabriel, I see you made a friend,” she stated. 
“Oh yes, this is Sebastian. Sebastian, this is my Ysabelle.” Gabriel also knew what he was doing. He was claiming her, he had no right to, he didn’t know I knew that though. 
She walked over to me and kissed me on the cheek as she had done every time she had seen me.
“Nice to meet you, Sebastian.” I guess we were pretending. I looked back over to Gabriel and his eyes said everything. He was in love with her. 
“Nice to meet you, Ysabelle.” She pulled away from my embrace and Gabriel instantly put his arms around her waist. 
“Lover…” he whispered in the side of her neck, “I’ve been telling Sebastian here that I am very interested in his new prized possession, wouldn’t you love taking a ride on my new yacht?” 
“Mmm…” she sighed.
It was all I could do, enduring his constant touches and kisses all over her body. Our eyes continued to find a connection more than once. I couldn’t be around them for very long; hell, jealousy was washing over me. I wanted to walk over and tell Gabriel to take his hands off her; the possessiveness he showed over her could be transmitted across the room. 
I saw her walking across the room into the hallway. My feet moved forward as if being pulled by a string and I found myself following her. She made her way to the restroom and I was grateful it was secluded in the back of the building, because I waited for her. 
“He’s quite possessive over you, isn’t he?” I stated.
She gasped putting her hand on her chest, “You scared the shit out of me.” 
I reached for the side of her face, my fingers grazed her cheek and I tucked a misplaced hair behind her ear. Her lips parted and her chest rose.
“I couldn’t tell you before, but you look stunning; that color is breathtaking on you.” She was wearing a white satin gown that tied around her neck, her whole back was exposed and there was a slit on the left side. Her hair was up in messy curls and the black eyeliner was so dark that you could see her mesmerizing green eyes from across the room. 
This woman was becoming a magnet to me. 
“Thank you,” she replied almost out of breath. I wanted to think that I was having an effect on her as well. I wanted to think a lot of things. 
I took my hand away and slipped it back in my pocket.
She cleared her throat, shaking her head; “You were saying something about Gabriel?” 
“Oh yes, Gabriel. He’s quite taken with you; one might say he’s in love with you. Are you aware of that? Is your Madam?” It came out harsher than I wanted it to sound. 
She cocked her head to the side, “Gabriel thinks what he wants. If he wants to believe that he is in love with me then so be it. I have no control over that.” 
“Is it reciprocated?” I blurted.
She laughed. “What’s it to you, Sebastian?”
“Just curious, I’m still confused on how this whole thing works.” 
I knew I sounded like an asshole, I couldn’t help it. Seeing her in her true form, as an escort, bothered me. 
“You know, for someone who is married, you’re awfully inquisitive about this lifestyle. What is it, Sebastian? Married life not all you thought it was going to be? From what I hear, it’s not all it’s cracked up to be,” she said cattily.
I should have known that when pushed, she would push back. 
“Because…” she whispered, walking right up against my ear, “If you want a taste, all you have to do is ask.” 
It all happened so fast; I barely had time to register what was going on. 
Her mouth moved while her eyes locked with mine. She was a vision. It was seductive and hypnotic. 
I could feel her breathing on my lips and the smell of champagne on her breath. She came closer to me and the touch of her breasts against my chest was an unwelcoming sensation that I didn't need in my already fucked up mind.
The next thing I knew, her soft pouty lips were pressed up against mine. Her mouth slightly opened and I felt the tip of her tongue lightly touch my lips, before she swiftly drew away. 
“Have a nice night, Sebastian,” she baited, walking away. 
I have no idea how long I stood there after she left. I felt confused, bewildered, and fucking dazed. I couldn’t fathom what the hell just happened. I licked my lips and tasted honey; I wiped off the residue and the tips of my fingers had shimmer, I brought them up to my mouth and licked them. 
I was a crazed man. 
She had royally fucked me up. 
I never wanted to become this person, someone who wants another woman. I was a married man, and I loved my Babygirl. It may have started off because she looked identical to Olivia, it wasn’t about that anymore. She got under my skin. 
I had this connection with her in the same way that I had had with Olivia, this gravitational pull that I had no fucking explanation for. It was just there. 
I walked back into the banquet and for the second time, I watched her leave on the arm of another man. I knew right then and there that one taste of her just wasn’t enough and that I had to see her again.


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Have you ever had a dream that felt like it was real? I was dreaming about a man’s hands on me, they were caressing my back, my breasts, and my thighs. His lips were all over me at once and he was murmuring sweet words to me. How much he loved me and wanted me. How perfect I was, how I was made for him. 
I could feel my breathing becoming erratic. The groans that he was releasing made it all the more inviting for my moans. Then I heard him whisper, “Open your eyes.” 
I did and I saw his face, Sebastian. Holy hell. What the hell is wrong with me? I was dreaming about him. I pulled away and I saw the look of confusion and hurt, a look I have seen on him before. He pulled me back in and I felt his hand once again run up the center of my bare thigh, it got closer to where I wanted him, sending chills down my spine. I couldn’t help moaning and smiling as I rolled over to face him.
“Gabriel!” I said in shock.
“Uh, were you expecting someone else?” 
I laughed, “Of course not. You just startled me for a second. Um…I’ve got to go,” I stated, trying to get off the bed.
“Wait,” he said, grabbing my arm. “I wasn’t done with you yet.”
I turned and smiled, “Gabriel, let go. I’ll see you later.” I pulled my arm away and kissed his lips. I grabbed my gown and put my panties and bra in my purse. 
I picked up his collared shirt off the ground, “You don’t mind if I borrow this do you?” I asked as I was buttoning it up. 
“Lover, how is it that anything you wear makes me hard for you?” I rolled my eyes and laughed. 
I tossed my heels to the passenger seat and started my car. What the fuck was that all about? Did I really just have a dream about Sebastian? I turned the XM satellite radio to the BPM station, trying to drown out the thoughts of his hands on me. 
My fingers brushed upon my lips, the same lips that kissed him last night. I had kissed endless amounts of men and never thought about it after, not even Gabriel, and I was with him often. Why did his lips leave me yearning for his touch? Why was I even thinking about this? 
I needed a girl day, so I called Brooke and woke her up.
“Hey, Bella, how was your night?” she asked as she answered the phone.
“It was fine, let’s go to Harbor Spa. I need to be pampered and relax. Come with me.”
“Love to, I’ll meet you in an hour.”
Taking time for myself was what I needed. I was working too hard and too much, that was all. Maybe I needed to tell Madam that I was taking a vacation for a bit. I was seeing too many men and it was catching up with me. My mind couldn’t tell the jobs apart anymore. This was why I was thinking about Sebastian. Nothing more, nothing less. 
I owed him nothing, not even these annoying thoughts of whatever the fuck I was thinking. He was just another client, just another man. 
Carlisle’s hands were amazing on my tense muscles. It worked and my mind was soon replaced with nothing but the tension being erased from my body. This was what I needed. We spent the rest of the day by the pool gossiping and talking. 
I found myself not wanting to be alone that day. I wanted Brooke to be there with me. I needed to be distracted from my overactive imagination. I was certain of one thing, and that was, I had to get my shit together. 
During the next couple of weeks my mind went back to its rightfully normal state, when I had not been thinking about Sebastian. After I hadn’t received another call from Madam about seeing him again, I realized that he wasn’t going to call. 
I was at ease with that assumption. My mind was clearer and I was once again back to enjoying my men. I had seen a few new clients and gone to a couple more parties. Tonight was no different, except we were having a girl’s night out. It had been a while since the VIPs and I had been out together.
Madam liked to call it socializing, I knew what we were doing. It was a way of bringing in new business. It gave us a chance to put ourselves out there, without actually having to do anything. 
Madam had reserved an exclusive, private table for us by the DJ booth, at one of my favorite clubs in all of Miami. It was the one we always frequented. Celebrities and Miami’s hottest always showed their faces at this club. 
I dressed in a short, tight black dress. It had lace going down one arm and the other was bare. It barely came past my ass and it showed off my toned legs. My breasts were covered; the older and wiser I became, the more I realized that showing one body part was more than enough to get men craving you. 
Most men like class with just a hint of slutty. I finished off my ensemble with nude pumps. That was one of the most important rules, always, and I do mean always, wear fuck me heels. The more they killed your feet at the end of the night, the more certain you could be that they were perfect.
All the VIPs were dressed to the nines. Champagne and vodka flowed. The music was pumping and I was shaking my ass like there was no tomorrow. The music was loud and it made it difficult for us to talk, but that was the great thing about being a VIP; we didn’t have to talk to know we were united. We all danced around or on each other, putting on a show for whoever wanted to watch. It was what we did and we were fucking amazing at it. 
I looked down at the crowd and noticed that an older gentleman was eye fucking the shit out of me. 
“He likes you, Bella,” Brooke spoke in my ear over the music, “You know what they say about older men?” 
“More money,” I acknowledged while she shook her head laughing. 
“Reel him in, Bella” 
I made my way down to the bar and just like clockwork he was next to me in seconds. 
“Let me buy you a drink, dollface,” he offered.
This man was a lot older than what I was used to. He had to be in his early 60’s he was definitely handsome, I could tell that he was a heart breaker back in the day. 
“Isn’t that line a little cliché? I mean, that’s as bad as saying, ‘let’s get out of here’,” I teased, playing with the collar of his shirt. 
“Well, you see I’m old school, dollface.” 
I giggled, “And what makes you think I’m interested? I mean you’re old enough to be my father and I can quite assure you, that I don’t need a sugar daddy, dollface.” 
“You’re a pistol, I love that. How much?” I jerked back.	
“Excuse me?” 
“Don’t play coy, I’ve been around the block way before your time. I know a Madam’s girl when I see one. Now…how much?”
“For you…it’s going to cost you,” I stated, touching the tip of his nose with my finger. 
“Not even all the Viagra in the world could have me keep up with you, I want you for my son.” 
I raised my eyebrows in surprise, “Your son?” I questioned. 
“You see the young man behind you staring daggers.” I turned and saw just what he was talking about. He was gorgeous except for one thing…
I turned back around, “He can’t be older than eighteen.” 
“Actually, it’s his eighteenth birthday. My son is a lot of things, though, he’s also a virgin and he wants you. So, now I ask again…how much?” 
Now I had done some pretty fucked up shit, this was the first time that I was being bought to take some boy’s virginity. 
“You see, daddy, it doesn’t work that way. There are steps that need to be followed before I can even allow this to go any further,” I assured.
“Check your phone,” he responded. 
I reached into my clutch and grabbed my iPhone. I the screen said I had a text from Madam, I swiped it over. 
	
M – Surprise, Bella Rosa! He’s good to go, be gentle…it’s his first time. You name the price.
	
I shook my head in disbelief and put my phone away. 
“I’ll take three shots of Patrón and $50,000. He gets two hours, though, I highly doubt I’ll need more than one. 
“Done,” he stated, kissing the top of my hand, “I have a limo waiting outside. Don’t be long.” He ordered the drinks and I chugged one right after the other. I breathed out the air that I didn’t realize I had been holding. 
I stepped into the limo and sat across from the client. He was gorgeous he had to be a model. He had a lean chiseled face, honey colored eyes, and lips as pouty as mine. His dirty blonde hair was messy and gathered around his face.
This guy was pretty. 
And nervous. 
His fingers were fidgeting in his lap. 
I crawled over to him and his eyes widened in shock. 
“Hi,” I huskily said, “I’m going to take care of you, okay?” He eagerly nodded.
“What’s your name, pretty boy?” 
He cleared his throat, “Alexander, Alex.” 
“Hello, Alex, I’m Ysabelle.” I reached for his belt and tugged on it to undo it. I needed to have him come at least once before we had sex. I was going to get something out of this and I didn’t need him blowing his load in ten seconds. 
“Let’s make friends, all right? Just sit back and enjoy the ride.” I pulled his dick out through the hole in his boxers. Impressive. He was packing, not only was he long, he was thick too; which was a nice surprise. I seductively looked up at him and his eyes were burning with want. 
He was hard as a rock and I could see the pre-come already gathering at the head of his cock. I licked the side of his dick from bottom to top and lapped a circle with my tongue around his head. 
“Hmmm…you taste good. Can I have more?” I teased. 
“Holy fuck…” he breathed out. I lightly chuckled. It was all about the fantasy.
I brought him back in my mouth and took him as deep as I could go. My eyes never left his, and he groaned loudly. His mouth parted and his eyes remained focused on my task. 
I worked him over with my hand jerking his shaft up and down and my mouth followed those movements. My other hand, tugged at his balls. It didn’t take long until I heard his erratic breathing. 
“Oh shit, oh God, I’m going come. Can I come in your mouth?” 
“Mmm hmm,” I hummed as I deep throated him again. Not a second later did his hips move forward and I heard him grunting his release into my mouth. 
I wiped the corners of my mouth as I felt the car stop. The driver helped me out and he followed suit. We made our way to the hotel room and as soon as he closed the door, he was on me. 
I mean literally on me. His hands and mouth were everywhere at once. I could barely even get my dress off and his hands were on me again. 
“Alex…Alex…take it easy. I’m not going anywhere,” I said to calm him, but it was wasted on deaf ears. We moved our way to the bed and he quickly took off his clothing. I barely had time to admire his body before his mouth attacked mine. 
It wasn’t that he was a bad kisser; he was just an eager one. Everything moved quickly. It was as if he only had one speed and that was fast. It got to the point where I needed to take the control back, because his movements were becoming forceful. He was going to bruise me if he wasn’t more careful.
I eased my way to lie on top of him and heard him grunt in protest. 
“Shhh…relax. Look at me, just look at me,” I calmly and specifically said, getting up on my knees. I slowly removed my bra; my hands roamed the sides of my breasts and seductively worked their way down to the sides of my panties. I slipped them off next. 
“Do you want to learn how to please a woman, Alex?”
“Fuck yeah,” he huskily stated. 
I laid down next to him and reached for his hand, taking his fingers into my mouth and licking them wet. 
I moved them to my clit.
“Move your fingers in a circle, yes, just like that.” He watched in amazement as my body responded to the stimulation. 
“Fuck, you’re getting so wet. That’s the hottest thing I’ve ever seen,” he mumbled and I moaned and arched my back. 
“Move two fingers inside me and push upward.” He did as he was told.
“You’re so tight. God…I can’t wait to fuck you.” His mouth went to my nipple and he sucked on each one, exciting me more. 
“Fuck…Alex, take your fingers and pump in and out of me, when you go back in move the end of your finger in an upward motion. Yeah…just like that,” I urged, “Now take your other hand and make those same circles on my clit.” I was climaxing beside him within seconds. 
“Oh, yes…Alex you’re going to make me come.” I opened my eyes and saw just how turned on he was. 
My eyes rolled to the back of my head as I came all over his hand. 
“That was fucking awesome. Let’s do it again.” I barely had time to recover before I felt him ramming into me, as hard as he could. Almost pushing me up and off the bed. 
“Lean on one arm and grab my upper thigh with other, angle my pussy, Alex,” I coaxed out of breath. 
“Like this?” he asked, just as out of breath as I was.
“Yeah, just like that. Rotate your hips as you thrust into me though. Fuck yes…just like that. Damn, you’re a quick learner,” I praised. 
“Holy shit, you keep tightening on my cock, yes...keep doing that…do something. Play with yourself.” 
My fingers found my clit and I could feel myself arriving at my peak again. 
“Holy shit, you’re getting tighter. Please tell me you’re almost there.” 
“Yeah, harder…faster…” I encouraged and he did just that. 
I came on his cock and immediately felt him jerk his release right after mine. 
He fell over almost instantly and we were both panting and sweating. We had sex two more times before I had to leave. He handed me an envelope and expressed his gratitude immensely. 
I knew that it wouldn’t be the last time I would see him. 



Chapter 17

<>*<>S<>*<>

“Dad! Look what Grandma got me, today,” Christian yelled as soon as he came barreling through the door.
“Look at that…someone must have been an awfully good boy today.” 
He smiled, “I’m always a good boy. I’m going to go show Mommy.” 
“Hey, honey.” My mom said as she kissed my cheek.
“Hey, Mom. How was he?” I asked, leaning over on the counter. 
“Oh honey, he’s always an angel. You know that. He reminds me so much of you when you were his age.” 
“He’s a good kid. You spoil him too much. I mean, Mom, that must have cost a small fortune.” 
She slapped me on the shoulder, “Ow!” I yelped. 
“Sebastian, he is my one and only grandchild, if I don’t spoil him, then who will? I can do what I like because I am the grandmother and my title says that I can. Now, I have to get going. Your father has a medical conference tonight and I need to go home and get ready. Give Julia my love.”
“Mmm hmm.” 
She kissed me on the cheek, “You’re so handsome, you know that? Just like your father. I love you. Be good to my baby,” she said and headed out. I heard her car pull out of the driveway and turned my attention back to Christian. 
“Dad! You want to help me build with these blocks?” he excitedly said. 
“Of course, give me a few minutes, I just walked in before you did. Where’s Mommy?”
“Oh yeah…she’s in the office. She’s real busy, Dad. She told me to tell you to order us some food and to leave her alone.” 	
I smiled down at him. She was using him. I knew this game. She never told Christian to tell me to leave her alone unless she was upset with me. I smiled and scratched Christian on the head as I walked toward the office. 
“She’s gonna be mad,” he called.
I opened the door to her engaged in papers strung about the desk. She didn’t look up at me; she was damn stubborn when she wanted to be. I stood in front of the desk with my hands resting on the edge. She continued to ignore me, I could tell she was cracking. I saw the small smile form in the corner of her lips. She couldn’t stay mad at me if her life depended on it. 
“Almost, Babygirl,” I coaxed, “That lasted almost a whole minute.” 
“I hate you,” she smiled. I smiled, too. 
“Come to me, Julia,” I beckoned.
“No, Sebby. I’m tired of you coming home so mean and unbearable. I haven’t been able to tell you anything without you snapping at me.”
“Come here,” I demanded. She did. I placed her between the desk and me and lifted her up to the edge, grabbing her chin to face me. 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered to her lips. “It’s not you. I promise. It’s just work, and I’m sorry I have been snapping at you. Will you forgive me?”
“You haven’t touched me in over a week; it hurts and I miss you.” 
Fuck. What the hell was wrong with me? This was my wife. My wife who I loved with all of my heart, I didn’t want to make her feel like that. I knew how much she needed affection from me. I had always made sure to give her that, even as kids. I had been neglecting her. All of this shit going through my head with Ysabelle. My thoughts belonged right here. Right here with my wife.
“I’ll touch you now,” I teased, running my hand up her leg.
“No. I have to get through this briefing. You need to go feed our son.”
“Can I touch you later?” I urged, kissing the side of her neck and then my way up her ear. 
“Sebby, I hate to disappoint you, I can’t. We can do other things,” she offered. I knew what that meant…
I went back and hung out with our son while Julia finished working. I promised myself that I wouldn’t think of Ysabelle. Nevertheless, a few weeks later I found myself requesting her presence on Olivia’s birthday. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I had received the call from Madam, and as soon as she said Sebastian, I almost dropped the phone. Why was this man asking for me again…I didn’t get it? What the hell did he want from me?
I got dressed and paid extra attention to what I was wearing. I knew I was putting more care into my appearance than I had in the past, I couldn’t help it. I wanted to look good for him. I remembered he commented on my white gown and I didn’t even realize I was dressing myself in a white dress until I had it on. 
It was form fitting all the way down past my knees; it had thick straps, and a square plunge line that showed lots of cleavage. I wore red peep-toe five inch stilettos. 
I drove the whole way there with my music blaring again, trying to tune out my thoughts. I didn’t know what to expect. He said he was “happily married” I couldn’t fathom what this was and that confused the fuck out of me. 
This had never happened to me with any clients before and I didn’t know how to handle it. My job was about sex and company, I was filling a certain void or expectation that they were looking for. I didn’t know what my expectation was with Sebastian and I didn’t like that. 
I walked up to the door of the same hotel that I had walked in once before when I was meeting him. We even had the same room. I tugged at my dress and tried my best to compose myself. 
My mind was racing with what would happen this time. Would we have sex? Would he want me to please him? Madam said it would be the same as the last, it’s not like it couldn’t change. That had happened several times before, like it made it easier on the client to purchase me for companionship and then his hand just casually graced my pussy, and we accidently had sex. Like it wasn’t on the agenda the entire time. 
I shook my head and took another deep breath as I lightly tapped on the door with my knuckle. Fuck. I was having a hard time breathing again. Something was happening to me. Sebastian opened the door with the same warm smile and confused eyes that he always had when he was around me. 
I noticed he was wearing jeans with a tight black shirt that accented his physique perfectly. I’d never seen him in anything other than suits before, he did casual damn well. Shit. Why did he have to be good looking? It would be so much easier if he weren’t. 
I smiled and entered as he waved me in, stopping to place my hand on his chest. I came to the tips of my toes, greeting him with a small kiss on the corner of his lips.
“How are you, Mr. Vanwell?”
“Mr. Vanwell,” he laughed. “I thought we were passed that?” I laughed. “To answer your question, I’m utterly confused on how I find myself in this very same room with you again,” he honestly spoke as his hand delicately circled my wrist. 
“How are you?” he asked quietly, looking directly into my eyes.
“Just peachy, Sebastian,” I responded. I wanted nothing more than to pour myself a drink from the chilled wine in the corner. I knew I couldn’t, as it wasn’t polite; I had to wait for him to offer. I wanted to respond that I was just as confused as he was if not more, I refrained from that one too.
“Would you like a glass of wine?” he offered.
Thank God.
“Yes, I would love one,” I replied, sitting on the corner of the couch crossing my legs with a captivating smile. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Shit. What the hell was I doing here? I couldn’t take it. I wanted to run my hand up her crossed legs. I wanted to feel her soft lips against mine again. 
I handed her a glass and our fingers grazed each other. We both caught each other’s eyes as I sat down next to her. Probably too close, but it would seem rude if I moved myself away from her, at least that’s what I told myself. My arm conspicuously moved to the back of the sofa. Damn, did she smell good. 
She always seemed so put together, it made me wonder if she ever got nervous. My vision caught her cleavage, I noticed she had such full breasts for being a tiny thing. 
“Do you ever wear anything other than heels? I think every time I have seen you you’re in these heels that look painful,” I chimed in, trying to break the ice.
“I’ve had a lot of practice. It hurt at first, I gravitate more toward heels now, believe or not. It’s almost like I feel naked without them,” she replied, making me nervously chuckle. 
“You’re adorable when you blush like that, Sebastian. Am I embarrassing you? You weren’t this shy the last time I saw you.” She looked at me and seemed to be amused.
“I don’t know what that was but seeing you on the arm of that man, did something to me. It was hard for me to see you like that.”
“Like what?”
“Selling yourself short,” I stammered and she immediately raised her eyebrows. 
“What do you think I’m doing now, Sebastian?” 
“It doesn’t seem that way with us.”
“Really? How does it seem?” 
“It just seems different. I would never hurt you. I wouldn’t use you.” 
“And you believe that’s what they are doing? Using me?” 
“I can’t see it any other way, other than them using you. You’re beautiful, you could be doing so much more with your life than this.” 
“Is this where you say you’re going to save me, Sebastian? Is that why you keep requesting my presence, because you’re going to magically make me become something I’m not? How are you so sure that I’m not the one that’s using them? You don’t even know me. Just because we’ve had a few conversations, doesn’t make you an expert on who I am and what I want,” she responded, angry and hurt. I was offending her; I was fucking this whole thing up. She was a second away from throwing her drink in my face. 
“Listen…I understand that everyone makes life choices. My intention here wasn’t to offend you. I just think that you have much more potential than you are currently utilizing,” I offered.
“And what makes you think that I’m not already reaching that potential? I’m really good at what I do, Sebastian. Maybe you’d like to try…” she teased and placed her hand on my thigh. I sought out her hand and placed mine on top. 
“Let’s start over, all right? I didn’t call you here to discuss your life choices. A very dear friend of mine would have been another year older today. I sought you out for my own comfort, like you being here with me would make this day easier to bear.” 
“Is that the woman I remind you of?”
“Mmm hmm…you look so much like her. I can’t believe it. Your personalities are as different as night and day though,” I said, laughing. “Your physical appearance is damn near identical.” 
“You said she would have…does this mean she is no longer here?”
“No, she isn’t.” 
“I’m sorry, Sebastian,” she whispered as she squeezed my hand in support. 
We continued our conversation for another two hours. Although, the evening had started off rocky our banter flowed easily. I couldn’t believe how easy she was to talk to. 
We didn’t get any more personal, just small talk, my business, the new restaurant downtown, the new clubs that were opening, and of course, Christian. She seemed genuinely enthralled by my silly little stories about my son. 
We drank almost the entire bottle of Chardonnay and I’m sure that had a lot to do with our laughter and conversation.
I was telling her about Christian and his dog, how he had dressed him up as a robber one afternoon, in order to play cops and robbers. How he often tried to play hide and seek with him and he would sit until he heard Christian say ready and he would start running. We both laughed really hard at that one.
“I’m not sure which one loves the other more. If that boy is home, you can bet his dog isn’t far behind,” I smiled, looking over at her. She was gazing at me with a look that I couldn’t quite read.
There was emotion behind her eyes. It was the first time I had sincerely seen her guard come down. I knew the wine had something to do with it and I didn’t care. It felt amazing to be able to be part of the reason that she let it come down. Even if it was just for a moment, I got to see it. 
Her head leaned to the side to lay on my arm. I pulled her hair out of her face to see her eyes. They did it to me every time. My hand caressed the side of her cheek and I fucking knew I was sending the wrong message, Goddamn it, I couldn’t help myself. Her face moved and her soft lips caught my fingers. She lightly kissed each and every finger. 
“You have the most amazing lips, Ysa. Do you know that?” I whispered. 
I grabbed the back of her neck and brought her over to me, she came effortlessly. 
I can’t explain that kiss, or why I even initiated it. I was being pulled; she was literally pulling me toward her. Her lips were just as I remembered, or even fucking better. I sought out her tongue before she had the opportunity to find mine. She moaned in my mouth, and twisted on the sofa to straddle my lap. 
Both my hands found the sides of her face and her hands found my hair. She pulled at my hair like she had wanted to do it since the first night she had met me. She started circling her hips on my cock and I could sense she was aroused. My hands left her face and moved down her body. Fuck if she didn’t feel unbelievable. Her dress had hiked up and her thighs were exposed, her skin was soft and silky-smooth. 
I needed to stop…
I wanted to stop…
That’s a fucking lie…
I wanted nothing more than to keep going. I wanted to be with her. I didn’t care about the repercussions. I lived in that moment. I let it take over me. 
I reached for the hem of her dress and lifted it up. She pulled away from me allowing me to take it off her and toss it on the ground. Our lips went back to devouring each other. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Jesus Christ…what the hell was I doing? This man didn’t belong here, he had a wife and a son that he fucking adored and even I could see that. I had been with married men before; this man was no different, except I couldn’t forget how we just spent the last two hours discussing his life. 
I had never been this fucking confused in all of my life. I hated the fact that this man was doing something to me, he was making me feel, think, and hope…I don’t even know what it was I was hoping for, however, it was there. 
I didn’t do emotions and up until these last few weeks, I didn’t even know if I was capable of them. I had no clue where the fuck they were even coming from, just that they were there. It was as if he was pulling a piece within my heart, a long forgotten chamber, that I didn’t even know existed. 
I couldn’t feel, I never wanted to. I needed to get back on balance, somewhere along the way I fucking lost control of myself, and it had to stop. 
Goddamn did he feel good. 
His lips, his tongue, and his hands.
He was soft but demanding, controlling but passionate, and fucking intense. 
“Sebastian,” I erratically breathed in confusing, panting breaths on his lips.
“What, Ysa…?” he replied with the same sensual nuance to his words. Damn it. Why did he just have to say my name like that? Why did I even care? Men call me baby…honey…lover…that’s what they say. Why did him calling me Ysa mean something?   
“I want you,” I managed to speak. My thoughts, my words, they all seemed to be intertwined with one another. I was never at a loss of words; this is what I was good at, playing the fucking part. Why did I not know how to react to this man? 
“I want you, too. I want you more than I have ever wanted any other woman in my life. You consume me,” he confessed. I consume him? Fuck, if he didn’t confuse me even more. 
I tugged at the hem of his shirt and he helped me slide it over his head. My eyes left his and I took his glorious body in while his eyes examined my own body. He stared intently, as if I was everything he ever needed. I wish I could describe the intensity that I found myself feeling in his gaze, only I know I couldn’t even do it justice. I couldn’t even put it into words if I wanted to, it wasn’t possible.
Whatever was going on between us had overpowered me. I had let it take control. For the first time in my life, I let myself feel, and fuck me…I didn’t want it to stop. I threw caution to the wind and just let it happen.  
I unsnapped my bra, letting the strap fall to expose my breasts to him.
“Touch me, Sebastian,” I whimpered.
I grabbed his warm hands and he cupped my breasts, bringing his lips to my nipple, sucking and teasing as my head fell back in a satisfying moan. I rode into his erection and he brought one finger to the silk between my legs. I was sure he could feel the wetness through the thin material. 
I unbuttoned his jeans, releasing his hardness in my hand, he was big and thick. His eyes once again met mine as I stroked him. He slid my panties to the side and ran his fingers through my wetness. I moaned a satisfying breathy cry that was also foreign. It wasn’t my normal fuck me moan, it was a moan of desperation, of desire, and need. 
I slid him inside of me, allowing that unfamiliar sound to take over again. I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t just fuck him and not feel everything that was happening. He grabbed the sides of my face and brought my lips back to him, he wanted to keep kissing me. He wanted intimacy. 
The men I was usually with, weren’t like this. I felt as if I was a puppet and he was pulling the strings. He grabbed hold of my hips and rocked me back and forth on his cock, faster and faster. I could hear him groaning and breathing erratically. He kept looking in my eyes, all over my face. 
Not once did he look down to watch me fuck his dick, and that’s what men did, they loved to watch the act. They thrived on watching, though Sebastian didn’t; he wanted to see me. I couldn’t take it anymore and leaned in to kiss him. I needed the distraction, our tongues entwined as we both delighted in finding each other.


<>*<>S<>*<>


I reached for the hem of her dress and lifted it up. She pulled away from me allowing me to take it off her and toss it on the floor. Our lips went back to devouring each other. 
“Sebastian,” God it was the sexiest thing I had ever heard. 
“What, Ysa…?” I replied, my own voice screaming desperation. 
“I want you,” she breathed out between kissing me. 
“I want you, too. I want you more than I have ever wanted any other woman in my life. You consume me,” I coaxed. I didn’t know why I said that, it was what I was feeling in that moment. She deserved to know that this wasn’t just a fuck for me. I wasn’t like every other man she had been with. I wanted her to feel different with me; I wanted this to be distinctive. 
I knew what I was doing was so wrong, but damn did it feel so fucking right. 
She reached for the hem of my shirt and pulled it off me. Her eyes took me in and mine did hers. She was wearing a white matching bra and panty set, and fuck if she didn’t look like a Goddess. Her skin was tan yet I could still see that it was rosy red from arousal; her lips were even plumper, and her eyes were glazed over. 
She reached for the back of her bra and one strap fell and then the other. She tossed it to the side and grabbed my hands to her breasts. 
“Touch me,” she goaded. 
I fondled her breasts and brought my mouth to her nipple. Her head fell back as she shamelessly circled my cock even more. My fingers found her clit through her panties and she was soaking wet. 
She unbuckled my pants and brought out my hard cock. I watched as she stroked it up and down. She was a vixen, she was confident, she knew what she was doing and how to do it, and it just enticed me even more.  
I felt her wetness through her panties and she moaned even louder. I slipped them to the side and touched her folds, all wet and soft. 
She slid down my shaft like I was made for her. 
She was fucking tight, warm, and felt like heaven. 
Our mouths found each other again, nipping, sucking, and overwhelming one another. 
She rode my cock slow at first getting used to me. After a few minutes, her movements became faster and more urgent. She swayed her hips forward, then backward, up and then down. I grabbed hold of her hips and looked deep into her eyes. Her eyes said everything to me. She held all her secrets and told all her truths through those eyes. 
I wanted to know everything. She met my gaze until she couldn’t anymore and brought her lips back to mine. We moaned in each other’s mouths. I wanted to see her again. I wanted to watch her come undone. 
“You like that, Ysa? That feel good? Huh? Tell me, tell me it feels good,” I huskily urged. 
“Yes…Sebastian. You feel fucking amazing. God, you feel fucking huge. Your cock is hitting right against my g-spot. I’m going to come.” 
She rode me harder and faster until I bit her bottom lip and felt her legs quiver and her pussy pulsed all the way down my shaft. It felt warm and wet and I wasn’t far behind her with my own release. 
We both panted into each other’s mouths. 
I knew then and there that this one time was never going to be enough for me.


The car ride home was pure fucking torture. I was grateful that Julia had been out of town for the night and that Christian was with my mother, because I couldn’t face either of them. I got caught up in the moment, I swear I wished I could blame the wine for my actions, but there was no way, I just couldn’t.
I had wanted to be with Ysabelle. As fucked up as it was, I craved her. I couldn’t blame anyone for what I did, and the decisions I made, except for myself. I was a selfish son of a bitch. I couldn’t say no to her and it’s not even like she had initiated it, I had. 
I threw away all the trust and respect for my marriage in a matter of seconds. The impulses of my decisions were jaded. I had no idea what fucking consequences were going to happen because of this. 
Would I be able to look at Julia the same way ever again? Could she tell I had been unfaithful to her? I betrayed my marriage, my wife, and my son. I said fuck it to my vows. I didn’t want to be this man. Julia didn’t deserve this man. 
I drove around for hours that night. I couldn’t face going home just yet. I wish I was man enough to tell Julia what I had just done, I wasn’t. I didn’t want to lose her and I knew I would. 
The really fucked up part was that I didn’t want to lose Ysabelle either. I had known this woman for two months and I couldn’t imagine not seeing her again. I never thought I would be capable of lying. When we were kids, Julia and I were never together. I didn’t ever feel guilt over what Olivia and I were doing. 
The God’s honest truth is I didn’t feel guilt over being with Ysabelle either, there was no remorse, and it made me feel more like an asshole. I felt saddened and upset to hurt Julia, that’s what I felt. It was the familiar feeling of how I felt when I was with Olivia. I wanted to regret being with Ysabelle, yet it just wasn’t fucking there. And that’s why I couldn’t go home. The truth was eating me alive. 
	

Three weeks had passed and life had returned to a state of normalcy in some ways. I hadn’t seen or spoken to Ysabelle since that night. My family life hadn’t seen any speed bumps; and I learned that I was a good liar. 
I was due to deliver a yacht to a returning client in the Virgin Islands. Julia was trying to get away from work to have a romantic getaway, but the dates didn’t match up and I was bon voyage by myself. 
My fingers had been tapping on my desk for the last thirty minutes and I swear I was trying to ignore the thoughts that were occurring in my head. I had been thinking about it since the second I found out that I would be going away for a few days. 
I tried to continue on. My impulses won out and I found myself dialing Madam’s number. 
“Madam’s Residence.” said the same familiar voice I had heard twice before. 
“Yes, Madam please, this is Sebastian Vanwell.” 
“Please hold.” It took all about ten seconds for her to answer the phone, I know because I counted. 
“Sebastian, darling, what a nice surprise. How are you?” 
“I’m great, thanks for asking. How about yourself?” 
“Lovely, I’m actually having lunch with our beautiful Ysabelle as we speak.” 
Fuck, “Oh…really. Um…let me…” I hesitated. 
“Don’t be silly. I always have time for you. Now what can I help you with?” 
“Right…it’s just, I umm…have this thing,” I stuttered. 
“Sebastian, relax. Ysabelle is absolutely glowing right now. Seems like you have made quite an impression on my girl, Mr. Vanwell,” she stated, making me uncomfortable by addressing her as property. 
“She’s made quite an impression on me. That’s why I’m calling. You see…I have this yacht delivery I have to make to the Virgin Islands and I wanted the company of Ysabelle for the duration of that time.” 
“Hmm…that sounds like quite a trip. I’m assuming you’re trying to mix a little business with pleasure, seeing as you haven’t thus far?” 
“Wait…what?” Did Ysabelle not tell her? I hadn’t even checked my bank statement to see how much was withdrawn. It had totally slipped my mind. 
“Please, I know you enjoy your little chats with my Ysabelle, I’m to assume that this will include more than companionship?” Wow…she hadn’t told her. What the fuck did that even mean? That definitely threw me for a loop. 
“Umm…you are assuming correctly. I mean-”
“Sebastian, I am in the business of making people happy. Let me remind you that I’m not here to judge. My Ysabelle was made for you. I know what effect she has on men, you’re not the first and you won’t be the last,” she subtly implied; if I told this woman to go fuck herself I knew I wouldn’t be able to see Ysabelle. I had to play nice, it definitely bothered me that she used her. I couldn’t understand how Ysabelle didn’t see that. 
“Mmm hmm,” was all I could reply. 
“When is this little rendezvous scheduled for?”
“A week from Thursday, we will set sail at 9 a.m. and should be getting back Sunday evening. I will provide the air fare for the return.” 
“It just so happens that Ysabelle is free for those dates. You know that the expenses will change?” 
“I’m aware. How much?” Now that felt like a punch to the stomach. I hated knowing that I was paying for this, she deserved so much more than this fucking life. 
“Well this is more than an overnight request. It’s going to be costly, I would say somewhere around $80,000.” 
“Madam!” I heard Ysabelle shout from afar. 
“Excuse me, Sebastian,” she said, putting me on hold so that I couldn’t hear the conversation. I was on hold for a while, I was about to hang up and call back when I heard the line click over.
“Well, Mr. Vanwell…it seems as though Ysabelle is feeling generous today. She will do it for $40,000,” she stated through gritted teeth. 
“Done,” I quickly replied, the truth was I would have paid eighty. 
“I’ll have the money deposited this evening. Have a wonderful time.” She abruptly hung up. 
I took a deep breath and sealed my fate. 



Chapter 18

<>*<>Y<>*<>

“What the fuck was that, Ysabelle?” Madam demanded. 
I had no idea what came over me. I never got involved with the finances. I had responded on pure impulse. I was afraid that he wouldn’t pay $80,000 for me and I wanted to see him again. 
“Madam…with all due respect, I’m allowed to set the bar for my appointments, or am I not? Let me know if I’ve overstepped my boundaries and it won’t happen again. I was under the impression that I could make my own decisions,” I informed her, standing my ground. Madam didn’t scare me anymore, she needed me more than I needed her and she knew that. 
She raised her eyebrows at me, “Do I need to worry about your involvement with this client, Bella Rosa? Is there something you’re not telling me? Do I need to remind you of who and what you are, and of our business arrangement?” 
“Of course not, if it makes you feel better take all of it. I screwed you out of your money, therefore take mine.” 
“Shit,” she said with disgust. “I never thought the day would come. You’re attached to him. What the fuck, Ysabelle? Have I taught you nothing? Do I need to call him back and cancel this event? Must I make you walk away from him?” 
“Madam, it’s nothing like that. I know how to do my job and you have nothing to worry about. I have this under control. But just to keep the record straight, you can’t tell me what to do. You are aware of that?” I hissed.
“Bella Rosa, you’re closer to me than any daughter I could have had. DO NOT get emotionally attached to a MARRIED man, do you understand me?” 
“Perfectly,” I responded as I turned and walked out.
I got into my car and hit the steering wheel with the palms of my hands, “Fuck!” I yelled. “What are you doing, Ysabelle?” 
I took a deep breath hit my steering wheel a few more times, put my car in drive, and drove home to contemplate what the fuck I was doing. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


“I’m going to miss you so much, Sebby. I wish I was going with you,” Julia expressed with her arms around me. My face was buried in her neck, because it was getting more complicated and difficult for me to look at her. If she wasn’t so preoccupied with her current case she probably would have noticed. 
“I know, Babygirl, I’m going to miss you, too. It’s not going to be long; I’ll be coming home to you before you know it. Plus, Christian will enjoy sleeping on my side.” She laughed. 
I kissed her and picked up Christian. 
“Remember what I said, bud?” I asked. 
“Yep! I’m the man of the house. I got this,” he answered, making both Julia and I laugh. 
I reminded Julia that I wouldn’t be able to talk to her until Saturday when I hit land in the Virgin Islands. I wasn’t lying when I said I wouldn’t get any cellular reception offshore. I gave her all my GPS wave points, that way she could check on me and she wouldn’t worry. 
I drove to the marina and brought my bag inside the yacht. I knew it was too early to start drinking, but I had to do something to calm my nerves. I poured a glass of scotch and went out on the deck and looked out on the water. There were a million thoughts running through my head as I watched the waves. 
“Hi, stranger.” I heard a familiar voice say from behind me, I turned and smiled. She was dressed in all white; a white lace top and long skirt, I immediately noticed she was wearing sandals and it made me chuckle.
“No heels, I see.” 
She smiled, “Well you know, safety hazard and all.” 
She walked over to me and put her arms around my neck, catching me by surprise. I wrapped my arms around her waist and picked her up off the ground. She felt smaller without the heels. 
She smelled like honey and vanilla mixed together. 
I put her back down on the ground and we smiled at each other. The awkwardness and nervousness that I thought would come was gone. It was never there. It was as if I had known her all my life. 
“Want me to show you around?” I asked, grabbing her hand. 
“Sure, where am I sleeping?” she questioned, smirking.
“Where do you want to sleep?” I replied, grinning back. 
She giggled, “Wherever you want me to.” She was damn quick, that’s for sure. 
“How about I just show you around first, and then we can decide where this sleepover will take place?” I questioned and she nodded. 
“Perfect, I have a present for you.” She walked over to behind her bag and pulled out two coffees and bagels.
“I don’t know how you take your coffee, I know I can’t live without caffeine and it’s pretty early. You’re also big…I’m assuming you like to eat.” 
“I do like to eat and I take my coffee black.” 
“Ha, interesting. Me, too.” 
We sat on the platform in the back of the boat. Drinking and eating. 
“What kind of yacht is this? 
“It’s a Carver C40, rides like a dream. Have you ever driven a yacht?” She cocked her head to the side with a smile.
“What do you think?” 
“Uh, no?” 
“Seriously…you think you’re the first man to whisk me away on a yacht? For some reason men like to teach me things. I don’t know where it comes from, it’s some cave like mentality you guys have. I could probably teach you a thing or two,” she laughed, looking at my stale face.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” 
“Nothing,” I replied walking away to the top deck. 
I needed to be alone with my thoughts for a second. I knew what she did for a living, hell I had purchased her just like many others have before me. I couldn’t help feeling, I don’t know, resentful I guess. I didn’t like the thought of other men teaching her a mother fucking thing. Not how to navigate a yacht, not how to…No, that wasn’t it. It was the thought of what she was doing on these yachts with other men. I had no right. What the fuck was I thinking? This was a bad idea. My wife and kid should be here with me.
 

<>*<>Y<>*<>
 

Great. Way to start the trip, Ysabelle. I knew I had hit a nerve, I’m not quite sure why. He knew what my profession was; I mean damn, he was paying me to be here. Did he honestly think that I cruised around the ocean with men as eye candy? 
This was going to be more difficult than I could have ever imagined. I didn’t know how to act around this man. All the rules and guidelines were thrown out the window. I didn’t know what I could and couldn’t say. This had never happened to me before. 
He paid for my companionship and he just needed to realize that this is who I am. Fuck it. We had no ties to one another and I was here to complete another job. This trip was not starting out the way I’d hoped it would. Did I really even know what I was getting myself into?
“Ysa!” he called, breaking me from my thoughts. I turned to look at him.
“Come here,” he excitedly called. 
I walked up to the upper deck and looked out to where he was pointing; two dolphins were frolicking in the distance. I was glad that the atmosphere had lightened up and he was once again smiling. It truly was an amazing sight. The sun was bright, warming our skin. 
“I love dolphins, let’s go swim with them,” I stated.
“We’re not swimming with the dolphins. We’ll scare them away,” he laughed. I looked up at him grinning and looked back at the dolphins, not wanting to comment on his remark. I didn’t want him to know that I had seen dolphins before, I’ve even swam with them, so I kept quiet and admired the view.
“Say it,” he demanded. I looked up at him with raised eyebrows. 
“Say what?” I asked confused.
“Say what you’re thinking.”
“I wasn’t thinking anything,” I tried.
“You’re a liar. Did Madam teach you that, too?”
“I’m not lying. I was just thinking about swimming with dolphins,” I smirked, biting my bottom lip to keep from laughing. I knew the look in his eye. It was a little off, sort of strange. I could read him pretty clear. I knew what he was thinking. He was getting ready to attack.
I screamed when he scooped me up effortlessly. “You want a swim with dolphins?” he tormented. 
“No, I was joking. Don’t you dare, Sebastian; I’m wearing a nice outfit. Let me put on my bikini,” I demanded, tightening my arms around his neck. Maybe I couldn’t read him. I was afraid there for a second that he was really going to do it. 
“Trust me, doll, if I go in, you’re going with me,” I assured him, clasping my hands, not about to let go of him.
He laughed. I loved to hear him laugh. “You do realize that I am a hell of a lot bigger than you, don’t you?”
“And you realize I could-.”
“You could what, Ysa? Tell me what you could do?” he teased, knowing he had the upper hand.
I’m not sure why I did it, I kissed him. Our playfulness turned into a sinful, romantic kiss. I imagine I kissed him because that was the weapon I had, the weapons that I was used to using. My body, it always won. I had played this game numerous times, but it was the first time it was attached to feelings, and I got them, full force I had them. 
Once again I was kissing and in the arms of the man that utterly fucked with my head and I didn’t want it to stop. I was digging myself deeper into a hole that I didn’t know if I had the capability to dig myself out of. It was deep and dirty. The feel of his body against mine, as he carefully placed my feet on the deck and slid me down his body, was overwhelming.
“Maybe we should get this trip on the move,” I questioned, pulling away. He let me go. He was having the same emotional roller coaster battle that I was. I knew he was, I could see it on his face. I also knew that we would never talk about it. We’d spend our couple of days together, he would go home to his family, and I would go home to my men. 
“Yeah, that’s probably a good idea,” he said, clearing his throat. 
“So, where can a girl get a drink around here?” I questioned, I needed alcohol and I needed it now. 
“There is a bar with alcohol by the kitchen. You will find a ton of stuff there. The yacht came fully stocked, we can replace what we drink when we arrive.” 
“Perfect, would you like anything? I make a mean margarita.” 
“That would be perfect, thanks.” He turned around and went over to the control room. His demeanor had changed and I could see he was having some sort of internal battle with himself. 
We set sail at almost 10 a.m. that Thursday morning. While he was getting everything situated, I took the opportunity to compose myself and went to change into my white bikini. Now living in Miami I had tons of bikinis, I had brought eight different kinds for this trip, a girl needed options. I chose to wear my white bandeau top and white Brazilian bottoms first. 
I went into the kitchen and made frozen margaritas. He wasn’t lying when he said the bar was fully stocked. I decided right then and there that one drink wasn’t going to be enough for me and grabbed the blender and brought it up with me. 
“Wow, this is spectacular, Sebastian. I could live on the ocean,” I addressed him casually, walking into the control room in a bikini and drinks in my hands. 
He turned in the direction of my voice, immediately taking in my body with his eyes and he wasn’t subtle about it at all. 
“Like what you see?” I taunted, I knew I was being bad but I just couldn’t help it, it was in my nature. 
“Hmm…let me think about that for a second, no I don’t think I do, Ysa. I actually love it, and that seems to be the fucking problem,” he decided, laughing.
I handed him his drink, set down the blender on the co-captains chair, and moved to stand in front of the steering wheel that also happened to be in front of him. 
“Look what I can do,” I grinned, grabbing the steering wheel and pushing the level forward to speed up the yacht. 
I loved being on the water it did something to me, I started steering and shaking my butt in a happy dance, smiling in the wind. 
I suddenly felt Sebastian’s arms around my waist and his face in the crook of my neck, nuzzling me from behind. I leaned into his embrace and we drove the boat like that for quite some time. 
For the next hour we talked, flirted, and enjoyed each other’s company. We talked about nothing, which was still just as entertaining. He told me stories about his dad and his outrageous patients, how his mom was his rock and was always there for him. I found out about his fraternity brothers and their crazy drunken times, how much he loved NYU and New York. He told me how much he loved the water and would love to live on a boat and sail around the world if he could. 
I told him that maybe he was a dolphin in a past life, or better yet, he was a pirate. I let him do most of the talking and before I knew it, I had drank the entire pitcher of margaritas by myself. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


She was giggling like crazy for the last twenty minutes and she kept touching me in one way or another, at first it was subtle. Now, she was practically sitting in my lap. Every time she laughed her whole body would shake and it was making me sort of hard, I kept trying to think of baseball or puppies; it wasn’t working. I finally had to casually move her off me, because I didn’t want this to turn sexual. 
As much as I wanted a repeat of our last encounter, I didn’t want her to think this was all about sex. I also didn’t know if I could do it again. As of right now, I just wanted to be around her and get to know her. When she kissed me, I remembered what it was like being in her arms. She was a fucking addiction for me, I just had to keep coming back for more. 
Her body was fucking ridiculous, I couldn’t fathom how such a tiny person could have an ass like that, and how her breasts were perky and plump. She kept having to pull up her top and every time she did it made them bounce. What the fuck, I was turning into a fifteen year old boy all over again. 
“Sebastian!” she yelled. “What the hell? Did you hear anything I just said?” 
“Mmm hmm.” I nodded.
“Who’s lying now?” she harassed me. “Anyhow, guess what?” she said a little too loud while clapping her hands. “It’s time to go swimming.” 
“Swimming? Really? You’re not scared of sharks?” I could never get Julia to go in the ocean when we were this far offshore. Hell, I could never get Julia in the water since we were kids.
“Sebastian! Don’t be such a puss, and besides, sharks are more scared of you than you are of them. They only come up to you because they’re curious and usually only attack if they feel threatened.”
“You’re a marine biologist now?” 
“No, smart ass. I love to read and I love the water. I didn’t have this growing up like some trust fund babies do,” she boasted, sticking out her tongue. “In reality I was actually thinking of buying myself a boat, I don’t need something this luxurious. Have any idea where I could purchase one?” 
“I think I may know somebody.”
“Oh really…hmm…you think he’ll give me a discount?” 
“You know…I don’t know, it may cost you.” I knew that I was playing with fire, I had no control when I was with this woman. She moved over to me, flipped her hair to the side, and looked at me with seduction in her eyes. 
“What did you have in mind?” she provoked me, licking her lips. I swallowed the saliva that had accumulated in my mouth; my throat seemed really dry all of a sudden.
“Sebastian…” she whispered.
“Yeah, Ysa…” 
“I want…”
“What do you want?” I grunted.
“I want…” she said, licking her lips again, “to go swimming,” she blurted out, pushing me back at the same time; she quickly turned and took off running and giggling the entire way. 
Her laughter was contagious, “oh…it’s on, little girl. You better run because I will catch you and when I do, you’re in trouble,” I threatened. I put the yacht in idle and took off after her.
By the time I reached the bottom, I heard a splash and then a shriek. 
“What? Shit, are you all right?” I asked, looking over the edge.
“Fuck. I lost my top! Seriously…it’s completely gone. I love that top. Help me…” she pleaded. 
I laughed a little before jumping in to search for her top. I found it over by the front of the boat and swam back with it in my mouth. 
“My hero!” she shouted, jumping in my arms with her legs and arms wrapped around me. 
It took exactly 2.5 seconds before my cock decided he was going to make an appearance. She immediately noticed and busted out laughing. 
“You are such a guy!” 
“Are you kidding me? I have a topless, beautiful woman wrapped around me; I’m not dead, but I am drowning,” I stated, maneuvering us over to the ladder. I sat on the edge of it and she stayed right where she was. 
She smiled at me and it wasn’t a seductive smile that I was used to, it was the type of smile that lit up her entire face. Her eyes were shining from the sun and she had raccoon eyes from her mascara and the water. Her hair was messy and gathered all over her face. She looked perfect. 
“Now what?” she tempted, waiting for me to make the move. 
I slowly kissed the tip of her nose, her cheeks, then her forehead, and moved back to look into her eyes. What I saw shocked me, they were teary eyed; she bit her bottom lip, shook her head, and swam away from me. 
I didn’t know what I had done wrong, I had made her uncomfortable. She put her head under water, came back up, and it was gone. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Why was he doing this to me? This wasn’t about sex at all. I had tried the entire morning to get him to fuck me and he wouldn’t or couldn’t, I don’t even fucking know. He was trying to treat me like…a lady, be respectful and not make it seem like I was here for sex. I had been with hundreds of men and not one had ever made me feel like my walls could crumble at any moment. 
I know I wasn’t supposed to call myself a prostitute. I knew the shit that Madam put in our heads; we were escorts, companions, jewels, and so forth, deep down I knew what I was. It didn’t matter how you labeled or sugar coated it, I sold myself for money. I was at the mercy of whoever purchased my time. 
They made me feel a lot of things; emotional wasn’t one of them. I needed to get away from him and I needed to do it fast, how the fuck was I going to do that now? I was stuck and not just for today, for the next three days. 
I dipped my head under water and put on a show. That’s what I was good at and that’s what I fucking knew. 
“Hey! Do you have fishing poles?” I suggested, hiding behind my façade while reaching for my top. He looked at me confused and nodded handing it to me.
I tied it back on, “let’s put them out and troll while we head back in the right direction.” He nodded again, this time less confused, yet sad for me. 
I hated it. I didn’t want it and I sure as hell didn’t need it. 
We went back on the boat and I decided that we needed some space. He drove and I laid out on the bow with my iPad. I read for a little while and dozed off. I awoke to him lying beside me, on his side, and propped up on his arm. 
“It’s a little stalkerish watching me while I’m sleeping, don’t you think?” I said yawning, “How long have I been out?”  
“A long time. It’s almost dinnertime. The liquor and sun got to you,” he explained, moving my hair away from my face.
“You make the cutest noises when you sleep by the way. Were you dreaming?” 
“I don’t think so,” I cautioned. “I’m going to go take a shower and change. Oh! Did we catch any fish?” 
“We most certainly did, a couple groupers and a snapper.”
“Yum.” 
“I’ll tell you what, you go shower and change, and I will make us some dinner.” 
“Really?” I asked surprised. 
The men I was with never made me dinner; I mean, they took me out to dinner, just never made me anything, unless it was delivered or on my body. 
“Of course, let me wine and dine you,” he retorted. 
I showered trying to ignore the crazy whirlwind that had been today, and it was only the first day. I tried not to think about the sleeping arrangements, I contemplated sleeping in another room, I didn’t want to. I wanted to sleep next to him and maybe even in his arms. 
I never wanted to sleep in a man’s arms, I fucking hated it. I endured it because I had to. For the first time, I wanted to sleep in the warmth and comfort of another person.  
I opted on drying my hair naturally. I didn’t even bother with any makeup. I put on a pair of white cotton shorts and a gray crop top that fell off my shoulder. No bra or panties, I couldn’t help myself, can’t teach an old dog new tricks. 
I went to the table that was next to the kitchen and he was already sitting there, looking showered and dressed in basketball shorts and a sleeveless NYU college shirt. 
“Great, I guess comfortable is the dress code for tonight. I was worried I might be underdressed,” I announced. 
“I think you look even better than you do when you’re all done up. Your hair is curly,” he said, pointing to my hair.
I grabbed the ends and twirled them around my finger, “the humidity makes it even curlier, I usually straighten it.” 
“Why?”
“Madam,” was all I replied. 
He placed the food in the middle of the table, “Dinner is ready, I made some salad with it and put Italian dressing on it. I hope that’s all right?” he stated, changing the subject.
“Italian is great.” 
We ate in somewhat of a silence, and it was driving me so crazy that I got up, grabbed my phone, and put it on the dock. We listened to soft jazz music. 
After dinner was done I excused myself to go brush my teeth and when I came back I found him outside looking up at the moon. 
“It’s a full moon tonight,” he said.
“It’s striking.” 
He turned to me, “You’re striking” he said while he grabbed my hand and kissed my inner wrist. 
“I know this probably must seem very confusing to you because it’s confusing to me. There’s this big purple elephant in the room that neither one of us will address and it should be me to say something.” 
He took a deep breath, “Ysa, you are completely and utterly fucking with me. I don’t know what to do with you, I can’t stay away from you. You’re this remarkable, breathtakingly beautiful woman who literally has men groveling at her feet.” I rolled my eyes.
“No, I’m serious…I don’t want to talk about VIP but you literally have men paying thousands of dollars for an hour with you, me included. You don’t realize this pull you have. I never imagined I would be this man. Okay…I know what I’m doing is wrong, and I can’t stop myself from picking up the damn phone to see you again. I can’t lie, at first it was about you looking like Olivia,” he sighed.
“Now I don’t even think about her when I look at you, I don’t see her anymore. I see Ysabelle. I see you, Ysa. I see you,” he repeated.
“Sebastian, please…we don’t have to discuss this. Let’s take it for what it is all right? I am what I am, and it is what it is. When this is all over you’re going home to your family and that’s where you belong. I will be going home, where I belong,” I explained. 
“Why didn’t you tell her?” 
“What?” 
“Madam, why didn’t you tell her what happened at the hotel?” 
I couldn’t answer that question, I didn’t even know the answer, and so I just shrugged my shoulders. 
He bowed his head in defeat and pulled me to him, hugging me and molding me to his body. Then he looked into my eyes, kissed my forehead, grabbed my hand, and we danced there under the moonlight with nothing other than the demons that await. 










Chapter 19

<>*<>S<>*<>

We danced for a long time. I loved having her in my arms and the rest of the world just seemed to be floating away from us. We were miles and miles away from civilization, just the two us. In that moment, all of it seemed perfect, I could pretend that she was mine. She was a woman and I was a man, just two people getting to know each other. 
I found myself humming to her the tune of a love song. It was one of the most intimate moments I had ever been able to share with someone. Her face was turned away from me and I felt as though she may be crying, I didn’t have the strength to ask her to look at me. I knew if I did, I would see it all; the truth, the lies, the confusion, and the façade. 
We lost ourselves; we felt, we experienced; and neither one of us wanted to move on. 
She was the first to pull away and she didn’t look at me, I could tell that she wiped her face. I didn’t say anything about it. I followed her into the cabin and she went straight to the bathroom. 
It wasn’t long before she emerged. Her demeanor had changed, she seemed shy all of a sudden, like she didn’t know what happened next. 
“Are you tired?” I asked. 
“Kind of,” she shrugged.
“Me, too.” I saw her start to play with her fingernails and look at the ground. I grabbed her by the hand and she followed me into the bedroom. 
She left to grab her bag and I took my shirt off and stripped the bed. She came back in wearing a cream silk camisole that showed her belly and silk booty panties. I know my mouth opened a little and she smirked. 
“What side do you sleep on?” she asked, looking at the bed.
“That was a random question. I don’t think I’ve ever been asked that before,” I replied, laughing. “I sleep on the right if you’re facing up.” 
“That’s funny, I sleep on the left.” I watched her lay on her side and she quickly kicked the comforter off herself and just pulled the sheet up. I found that quite amusing because I always did the same thing. Julia always complained that I messed up the bed; I got hot and didn’t like to feel a heavy weight on me when I slept. 
I turned the light off and made my way to my side in complete and utter darkness.  
“Goodnight, Sebastian,” she whispered, turning over away from me. 
“Goodnight, Ysa.” I didn’t like that she turned away from me. I wanted to hold her. Fuck it. I moved next to her, grabbed her by the waist, and she immediately backed up into me like she had been waiting for me to grab her. She moved her hair to the top of her pillow and moved it more toward the middle. I laid my head on one side and she did on the other. My arm wrapped around her waist and my leg bent to lay on top of hers, she sighed in contentment and within minutes we were both sleeping. 
I was the first to wake the next morning, we were still in the exact same position except the sheet was nowhere to be found and my body was being used as a blanket for Ysabelle. 
Her hair was splayed all over her face and pillow, and her lips looked swollen from sleep. The camisole had risen to below her breasts and her ass was completely sticking out, I could see her hard nipples in broad daylight. 
If it was even possible she looked even more beautiful in the morning. She looked innocent and peaceful. She started stirring her eyes, and looked at me and smiled. 
“What is it with you and watching me sleep?” 
“I can’t help it.” I grabbed her tighter and buried my face into her hair and neck. 
“You’re so warm and soft.”  
We laid like that for another hour coming in and out of sleep until it was time to get a move on. She made eggs, toast, and coffee for breakfast. We ate on the cockpit, overlooking the water while I drove. 
The rest of the day proceeded the same as the day before. We ate, laughed, talked, and talked some more. She wore another barely there bikini, except this one was cream. I saw she had this theme going with her wardrobe, everything was white or cream and I couldn’t help but wonder if that was for my benefit. I didn’t call her out on it though. 
She drove for a while and I took a nap in the sun. I awoke to her staring at me and she blushed when I caught her. 
We were making good time and just about passed the Isla of Dominica; I was pleased to know that I still had another full day and two more nights with her. 
She approached me on the front bow and handed me sunscreen. 
“Will you put this on me?” She turned around untied the top and back straps of her bikini, put it to the side, and cupped her breasts. 
She giggled, “Cat got your tongue?” 
“You’re a wolf in sheep’s clothing aren’t you?” 
“It’s just my back, Sebastian. I mean I could let go of my breasts, it’s not like you haven’t seen them before. I’m playing nice and I don’t want to get darker. The sun eats my skin, honest,” she smiled innocently. 
I slathered sunscreen all over her back and shoulders. If there was one thing that always did it to me, it was the smell of sunscreen, and the smell of sunscreen on Ysabelle was a deadly combination. 
I made sure she was protected on every inch of her body, I was being a gentleman and I didn’t want her to burn or so I told her. 
She laid down on her stomach and opened up her iPad. 
“What are you reading?” I asked.
“I’m not telling, you’ll make fun.” 
“No I won’t, Scouts honor,” I said holding up my two fingers. 
“Fine. It’s a romance. I love reading romance novels, cliché I know.” 
“My my my, Ysabelle…are you telling me you read porn?” 
“No! It’s romance,” she laughed.
“That’s just what women say in code for porn.” 
“Nah uh, there’s a storyline, Sebastian. Porn doesn’t have storylines, I mean some do, but they’re still awful.” 
“What do you expect, it’s porn, you don’t watch it for the storyline. Julia hates-” I caught myself before I finished that sentence. 
She looked back down at her book and ignored my almost comment, “I love porn. I mean not the disgusting kind. But I enjoy it,” she shrugged. “I especially love girl on girl porn.” Now that caught my attention.
“Really?” I tempted her to continue. 
“Oh yeah, there is nothing like being with a woman. Don’t get me wrong I love men, yet, being with a woman is a one of a kind experience,” she continued looking at her book, like she didn’t just tell me she had been with women. 
“Wait…did you just? Have you been?” I stuttered.
She threw her head back laughing, “Of course I’ve been with women.” 
I didn’t say a word I just stared at her, I was pretty sure that my mouth might have been hanging open. I mean, I had a few threesomes back in the day, but I didn’t even think about Ysabelle being paid to do both men and women. It never even crossed my mind. 
“It’s rude to stare, Sebastian. Why are you looking at me like that? Did you think being a VIP only included men? Women are just as sexual if not more,” she stated. 
“So then, are you bisexual?” I blurted out.
“How did I know that would be your next question? I swear men all think alike. I don’t consider myself anything. I’m in the business of giving satisfaction for all parties included and it doesn’t matter what’s in between their legs.” 
I looked down at my hands, “Do you like being with women?” I sort of mumbled. 
She laughed again, I was embarrassing myself, fuck it I didn’t care. 
“I love being with women, but I love men more. That enough of an answer for you?” 
“Mmm hmm. So…what kinds of other stuff have you done?” Trying to change the image of Ysabelle with women. 
She chuckled, “Do you really want to know?” she asked. I shrugged my shoulders. I didn’t really want to know, but I couldn’t stop myself from asking. 
“I’ve done it all, Sebastian. I’ll leave it at that. You can let your imagination go wild,” she said, smiling like the Cheshire cat. I got up to go drive the boat and walked away from her while she was still laughing. I needed to be away from Ysabelle. The thought of her and another woman being together and then all the other possibilities were too much of a visual for my cock. 
The rest of the day went pretty quickly and before I knew it, it was dark again. We showered, changed, and ate dinner. I was happy to see her comfortable again, dressed in sexy relaxing clothes, and no makeup. She didn’t need it; she was beautiful without it. She had more of a tan even though I applied endless amounts of sunscreen throughout the day. Her hair was wild and curly and I fucking loved it.  
We decided to play poker. Ysabelle was a poker queen; she even went as far as putting on a hat and sunglasses.
“Seriously?!” I protested.
“I don’t mess around with poker, Mr. Vanwell, I’ve been to Vegas too many times to not take it seriously. Besides, I don’t like to lose and my bluffing face sucks.” 
We played for three hours straight and I lost every damn time. I blamed it on the alcohol; we had managed to go through an entire bottle of wine. 
“What can I say, Sebastian, I have a gift,” she stated, looking at her nails. 
“Oh I’ll show you a gift, little girl.” I reached for her before she had the chance to run away and threw her over my shoulder. I walked over to our bedroom smacked her on the ass, before tossing her on the bed.
“What are you going to do, big boy?” she taunted, looking sexy as hell with her hair all over the sheets.
I jumped on top of her and she shrieked, I caught myself before all my weight fell on her. I looked her in the eyes before kissing both her cheeks, her chin, and then kissed my way down her throat to between her breasts. Her breathing became uneven and she was slightly breathless. I pulled up her shirt and kissed her bellybutton. 
All of a sudden, I switched it up and blew the loudest, longest raspberry on her lower stomach and she fidgeted and laughed uncontrollably. I held her down and started tickling her everywhere until I found her sweet spot, it was right in her inner top thigh. I dug my fingers in and tickled the hell out of her, she was screaming, kicking, and laughing all at the same time. 
Her laugh was fucking contagious and I finally had to let go, falling over on my back laughing. She immediately gasped out of breath and scooted to the top of the bed, held her legs tight in her arms shielding her entire body from me. 
“You’re an asshole! And a sore loser!” she panted out of breath.
I looked over at her and she was all sweaty and flushed, her shirt had fallen even lower off her shoulder and I could see the top of her breast. I had to adjust myself and move to lay beside her, she put her hands up in a surrendering motion. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I wasn’t sure what the hell just happened, one minute we were playing cards, and then the next he was throwing me on the bed like he was going to do something. I waited, anticipating his next move and when I felt his lips keep going lower and lower I thought finally I was going to feel his tongue on me. 
Then, out of nowhere, he started tickling me; no man had ever held me down and tickled me before, so I wasn’t quite sure how to react. He finally let go and I scooted up as far away from him as possible and held my hands up in a surrendering motion. The meaning behind that, I didn’t know if he understood. 
He smiled at me and my heart melted, “I’m crazy about your hair, Ysa, I think you should wear it like that all the time. You look more exotic, what’s your nationality?”
And…here came the questions. The one’s I didn’t even know how to answer.
“Umm, I’m not exactly sure,” I stated.
“Why is that?” he asked with a curious face.
“My mom wasn’t known for sharing information, I didn’t know my father.” 
“Where are you from?” 
Great more questions…
“Around.” 
“I barely know two things about you. You know a lot about me, we aren’t on a level playing field here. Tell me something,” he insisted. 
“I’m really not all that interesting, Sebastian. There’s not a lot to tell anyway. My life pretty much started when I became a VIP and I’ve been doing that for the last six years.” 	
“Wow. I can’t believe you’ve been with Madam that long,” he stated and I nodded. 
“Maybe we should try to get some sleep, it’s late,” I whispered, the look on his face said it all, he was disappointed. I didn’t want to answer any more questions. 
I scooted down and switched off the light. The quietness of being in the middle of the ocean, Sebastian’s soothing breaths, and the light sway of the boat left me feeling a little uneasy about the whole situation. 
We laid in silence briefly, both contemplating uncharted feelings, I sure was. I kept my eyes on the dark ceiling, not looking over at him. 
“Sebastian?”
“Mmm hmm?”
The darkness was allowing me to ask questions that I would never be able to ask in the light of day. 
“Are you happy?” I inquired, trying not to hold my breath.
“What do you mean? Like right now?” 
“No…in general. Are you happy?” 
I felt him tense up and I reached over and held his hand. He squeezed it before bringing it up to his lips and kissing my palm. He then placed our entwined hands over his heart. 
He took a deep breath, “Ysa, I wish I knew how to give you a straight answer. Julia and I grew up together, we are best friends and always have been. I’ve known her since the day she was born, and our parents are also best friends. I love her more than anything in this world,” I sighed and he paused for a moment. 
“Olivia was also Julia’s sister, they weren’t blood related, she was adopted when Julia was ten. I was a twelve year old boy who fell for her the second I laid my eyes on her. The feeling was mutual and it proceeded to years of feelings, secrets, and lies. Julia still doesn’t know about what happened between us.
One night when I was away at college, she called me drunk, and the next morning she was dead,” he wept, even in the dark night I could see tears sliding down his face. 
“I blamed myself for a long time. Julia was there to pick up the pieces and we’ve been together ever since.” 
“Did she kill herself?” 
“The reports stated that she hit her head on something and drowned. I was the last to talk to her, and part of me feels like there’s more to the story.” 
“I’m sorry, Sebastian. I haven’t ever lost anyone like that, I imagine there’s no greater hurt.” 
“I’ve never told anyone that before, Ysa.”
I wanted to tell him everything about me, my childhood, my mother, and my life…I almost did, but before I could, he got up, turned on the light, and left. 	
I didn’t know if I was supposed to follow. Luckily he returned quickly with a glass of water, and resumed his position near me. 
“Sorry…I just needed a minute.” 
“I understand.” 
“Ysa, my whole life I’ve done the right thing for other people, especially for Julia. There’s a part of me that resents her, and it’s unfair because it’s not her fault that I made the choices I did. I thought I was doing the right thing.
Until I met you, my whole life was planned out for me, I’m happy in the sense of being comfortable and content. It fucking kills me to say that to you, because Julia deserves much more than that.” 
I leaned up and put my chin on his chest to look at his face, he put his arm under his head and looked at me, his other hand started playing with my hair. 
“You’re human, Sebastian, people aren’t perfect, and when they try to be, they always crack in one way or another. I’ve seen both the horror and beauty of life.”
“Why don’t you tell me anything about yourself, beautiful girl?” 
“I don’t know how to. I’m so fucking jaded, Sebastian.” I put my forehead on his chest, “Now…I’ve never said that out loud before,” I whispered. 
He grabbed my chin making me look at him again, “Are you happy?” 
“I don’t even know the meaning of the word, Sebastian. I’ve lived a really fucked up life and up until I met you, I didn’t question anything about it. You make me question everything I’m supposed to believe in. I have no idea what the fuck we’re doing. I have never let feelings get involved with anything I have ever done, and that’s kept me alive and safe. You…have me thinking what it could be like to look over on the other side of the fence and that scares me more than anything.”
“You also make me question everything,” he whispered. 
“Everybody has strengths and weaknesses, Sebastian; mine just happen to be between my legs.” His hand went still.
His thumb swiped at my bottom lip, “Do you honestly believe that?” 
“Yeah, I do. This is all I’ve ever known.” 
“You’re worth the world, Ysa,” he stated, smiling. 
“I think we should get some sleep now.” 
“I think you’re right,” he replied. 
We slept in the same position as the night before. It didn’t matter how many men and women I had been with, these last few days were more intimate than I had ever shared with anyone. 
We ate breakfast in the control room the following morning, both of us aware that this would be our last day together. Neither of us said anything about it. We went about our day as we did the day before, laughing, talking, and enjoying our time together. 
This trip was nothing of what I expected it to be. We still hadn’t had sex and I couldn’t believe that he had paid that much money to spend time with me. 
We hit land mid-afternoon and it didn’t matter how many times I had been to the Virgin Islands, it was still breathtakingly beautiful. St. Bart’s had always been one of my favorite places. We had help docking the boat and then we cleaned her. 
He put his hands on his hips, “All right, we have three options. We can go inland, have dinner, dancing, and get a hotel room; or we can do all that and stay on the yacht; or we could eat on the boat and relax,” he noted.
“I don’t know about you, but I’m starting to get stir crazy. Let’s go with option one, plus the yacht is all pretty and clean,” I reminded him. 
“Good call.” 
We grabbed our stuff and went inland to stay at the Eden Rock Resort. We got a room with a balcony that overlooked the water. Sebastian showered first, while I enjoyed the view. 
I went to shower next and when I came out I heard Sebastian talking. I wasn’t stupid enough to think he was talking to me, he was talking to his wife. I looked around the bathroom and found that I forgot my bag. Shit. I didn’t want to go out there, but at the moment I didn’t have a choice. 
I walked out into the room and his face looked panicked. I put my index finger to my mouth in a shhh motion, and saw him relax a little. 
Did he think that I was going to rat him out?
“Yeah, Babygirl, it’s been a long trip, I’ve made good time. My flight leaves in the morning and I’ll be home in the afternoon.” I heard him say as I was looking for my bag, where the fuck did he put it?
“Of course, I miss you, too.” I felt his eyes on me as he was talking to his wife and I didn’t have the courage to look at him.
“Me, too. Hey, bud, how’s it going over there? You handling things?” 
If it wasn’t fucking adorable the way he talked to his son, I don’t what was. The moment he hung up the phone I found my bag in the closet. 
“I’m sorry, Sebastian. I didn’t know where you put my bag, I didn’t mean to eavesdrop.”  
“No it’s fine.” The tension in the room was thick, I didn’t know where to hide my face. I knew he felt the same way. 
“I’m just going to get ready, I won’t be long,” I babbled. 
“Ysa…” I heard him say as I walked into the bathroom, I quickly shut the door; I did not want to have that conversation. 
I busied myself, hoping the more time I was in there the less awkward it would be when I emerged. I did what I always did to avoid fucked up situations; I used my sex appeal. I put on a black maxi skirt with a black bandeau top and wedge sandals. I left my hair curly and put product in it to give it more volume. I added black eyeliner, blush, and lip-gloss.  
I gave myself a once over before stepping out into the room; Sebastian was out on the balcony and turned when he heard my footsteps. Smirking, he extended his hand out for me, I grabbed onto to it and he pulled me into his arms. He smelled like my favorite cologne. He was dressed in khaki slacks, a white button down shirt, and sandals. He looked handsome with the three day stubble on his face.
“Every time I think you can’t look any more beautiful, you surpass it tenfold,” he whispered in my ear. “Now how am I going to keep my hands off you when you smell so edible, Ysa?” 
I laughed and pulled away, kissing the corner of his mouth, “That’s the point.”
I pulled away from him to find my clutch, “You ever been here before?” I asked.
“I’ve been to St. Lucia, not here.” 
“You?” 
“I’ve been to all of them. I know this great place we can go to eat, it turns into a club later.” 
He cocked his head to the side, “Is there any place you’ve never been to?” 
“Hardly, I’ve never been to Turks and Caicos, but I want to own a bar there one day; it’s on my bucket list.” 
“Good to know,” he addressed as he seemed to tuck that thought away.
It felt great being able to act like a real couple, holding hands, being affectionate, and whispering sweet nothings into each other’s ears. 
I got us a private table that overlooked the water. “Do you have pull everywhere you go?” he teased with a certain edge in his voice. 
“Why, Sebastian, are you jealous?”


<>*<>S<>*<>


“I just find it amusing how worldly you are. I guess that must be one of the perks of the job, huh?” 
“Something like that,” she stated, taking a sip of her champagne. 
Our food arrived and I couldn’t help but think about what happened in the hotel room. I felt awful that she heard me talking to Julia while I was with her, which was even more fucked up, because it should have been the other way around. I should have felt terrible for having her there in the first place.
I missed Christian like crazy, but I hadn’t thought too much about Julia. It was as if being around Ysabelle made me forget about the world. As much as I tried to gaze around and people watch, I couldn't do it. The only people watching I wanted to do was in front of me. 
The way she ate was even fucking sexy to me. When she emerged from the bathroom wearing the sexiest outfit I’d ever seen her in, I almost blew my load right then and there. Ysabelle was mind blowing sexy. She displayed all her sex appeal out in the open. I had never met a woman like that before. 
I wanted to know if she was always like that or if it was something Madam taught her. She had the ability to be anything men wanted. I had personally seen her transform like a chameleon.  
When the waiter came back to our table I was getting ready to exchange some words, the way he kept looking at her was completely irritating. 
“Is there anything else I could get you?” he said, only staring at her.
“Yes, can we get four shots of Patrón, lime, and salt, please?”
“Anything for you,” he answered as she batted her eyelashes, smiling as he left.
She looked over at me and grinning, “What?” 
I shook my head, “Did Madam teach you that, too?” 
“Madam has taught me lots of things, Sebastian, you just haven’t taken me up on the opportunity to show you...yet.” 
I was tongue tied and didn’t know how to respond. I knew she wanted to have sex again. I just didn’t know if I could do it again. All the feelings that I had for her only seem to intensify being around her, adding sex into the equation would only be messing with my head even further. I was already going to hell in a hand basket. 
Our shots came to our table and she scooted over to me.
She reached for the salt, “Want to do a body shot?” she incited, licking her lips.
Fuck. 
I nodded. 
She put her index finger near my mouth, “suck,” she commanded. 
I grabbed her palm and slowly sucked on her finger while she bit her bottom lip. She pulled it away when it was moist enough to dip it in the salt, and then spread it on top of her cleavage. 
“Ready?” she said, grabbing the lime to place it in between her lips. 
I leaned over and licked the salt off her breast while lightly sucking, I took down the tequila and it immediately warmed my insides. 
I looked into her bright green eyes that now looked deep and indulgent. I moved forward and sucked the citrus juice from her lips and she moaned. 
We finished the shots, two a piece, and then the music started coming on and a different crowd started to arrive. 
The music began and Ysabelle started moving in her seat. We drank some more and flirted uncontrollably for the next three hours.  
“Ah! I love this song!” she shouted, standing up over me, “let’s dance.” 
“Ysa, I’m white. I can’t move like you.” She laughed and started dancing on her own, swaying her body and hips to the music. The way her body moved should be fucking illegal; it was almost like she was made for sex. Everything about her screamed sex when she was dancing; I had never seen anything like it before. 
I looked around the room and every man’s eyes were on Ysabelle. Their faces screamed desire and hunger and I wanted nothing more than to grab her, throw her over my shoulder, and take her the fuck back to the room where only I could see her.
The fact that this was our last night together was pulling at my heart. I didn’t want to let her go, I wanted to stay here with her, I wanted to be with her. 
She caught my gaze and she moved to stand in between my legs. She proceeded to dance seductively, mere inches away from my face and cock, which immediately came to life. 
She noticed and smiled seductively. She could move like no other, she circled me in a tempting fashion as she provocatively lowered her body, sliding down mine. I couldn't fucking take it. 
I didn’t know how she pulled me up off the seat, but she did and we danced; no we weren’t dancing, we were fucking right there on that dance floor. The way our bodies moved in sync with one another, the uncontrollable emotional stares, and the way our lips teased each other without touching was nearly orgasmic, I was sure that I had never been in a more erotic, emotional state in all my life. 
“Sebastian," she practically moaned.
“What, Ysa?”
“Get me out of here," she begged.
And I did just that. I took her hand and led her to the taxi, before I knew what was happening we were back in our room. I kicked the door closed and watched as Ysabelle stood there waiting for my next move. I could see her chest moving, she was aroused, she was waiting for me to decide our fate. I knew if I told her that we were going to sleep she would do just that. She wanted me to take the lead. 
I slowly walked over to her. My fingers found her cheeks and I brushed them lightly up and down. She leaned into my embrace while I framed her face. I didn’t know if it was the alcohol or the dancing, I had never seen that look in her eyes. Her eyes were telling me everything that she couldn’t say with words. My thumbs found her lips and I caressed them back and forth, she parted her mouth for me and lightly licked them. 
I hadn’t even kissed her yet and I was fucking melting. I internally fought a battle that was impossible to win. The first time we had sex it had just happened. It was in the spur of the moment and we both had gotten carried away. If we were to have sex right now it would be because we both decided. It would be a premeditated act. I didn’t know if I would be able to look at myself in the mirror if we went any further. 
I could stand there and say it was just about sex, although, we both knew that was a lie. This was deeper than that. This was something catastrophic, not only for me, but her as well. I was afraid of what would come once I crossed that forbidden line.  
“Sebastian,” she panted. 
That was my undoing and before I could think about it for one more second, before I could think about my wife, my son, the boundaries that I was crossing, I kissed her. I swear, kissing her was like a tidal wave itself. We were already making love, standing there fully clothed with the single most emotional kiss ever. 
She kissed me back with just as much passion. Our lips moved like they were made for each other. I moved her hair out of her face and tugged at the nook of her neck, she moaned. That was a moan of destruction. It wasn’t the moan that I’d heard come from Julia time and time again. This was full of desperation. Ysabelle was fighting her own demons and we could both feel it. 
I could hear her heartbeat and feel her pulse. It was rhythmic, an alluring sound that both soothed and controlled me. The sad part was, it was controlling her too and we were both at a loss to stop it. I knew what I was doing was wrong, though it felt so fucking right. Everything about this woman felt right. 
I could feel her getting antsy, I knew what she wanted. I knew what she was used to. I knew if I was going to do this, that I should have been doing it that way, I couldn’t help myself. I never could when I was with her. I didn’t want to be like every other man to Ysabelle. I might not have had the right, hell, I knew I didn’t have the right, I was about to take her someplace neither of us had any business going. She was engraining herself into my heart and I wanted to do the same to her 
Ysabelle’s demeanor suddenly switched gears. She was terrified of the emotions toying between us. She wanted this to stop. She wanted me to fuck her. I wasn’t allowing it. I was going to do this, I was going to step over the fucking line and make love to her. 
“Shhh, Ysa…go slow. I want to feel you,” I groaned in between kisses, “Let me be with you, like I know you need, and be with me like you know I want.” 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


How the fuck had I let this happen? The night had moved in a 180 direction. I knew what he was implying. His words meant something to me and I didn’t want them to. I didn’t want this to happen, I wanted it to stop. I couldn’t fucking say the words. I couldn’t make myself say no. I couldn’t push him away; if anything I wanted him closer. I wanted him closer to me, closer than any other man had ever been.
He knew it too. He knew I just wanted him to treat me the way I’d always been treated. I needed him to stop with all of this emotional bullshit, and to just fuck me, tell me to suck his dick, tell me to taste my pussy on his lips, tell me to bend over- anything but this. I didn’t know how to handle making love. Why the fuck was this happening to me? Why the fuck did it have to happen with a married man? Not just any married man, a happily married man, or was that all counterfeit? He wouldn’t be here with me if he was happily married, would he? Fuck, Ysabelle, stop.
This was happening. No matter how much chatter my brain was trying to filter, this was fucking happening. I wanted him. I fucking wanted Sebastian Vanwell, like it or not, I did. I wanted him to own me, my mind, body, and soul. In that moment, I didn’t give a shit that he was married, that he wasn’t mine, or that he would never be mine. I wanted to make love for the first time in my life. I wanted to let my guard down and have him carve his name there. Fuck, he already had, I had nothing else to lose. I’d lost it, and handed it right over to him on a fucking platter.
I knew what I was doing was careless, I was going to make love to a man that was already taken. He was eventually going to walk away from me and I was going to let him. For just that moment, I let myself pretend that I was on the other side of that fence and that we were together. That I was his and he was mine and we were in love. Ysabelle and Sebastian, that’s who we were, a couple in love.	
His hands moved from my hair, to my shoulders, and then to the curve of my back as he walked me backwards toward the bed. Everywhere he touched felt like he left a trace of fire. The feelings lingered with every caress. My skin burned from the after effects. 
He slowly moved my top down, exposing my breasts. His warm soft hands fondled me. At first, it was the sides, and then he cupped them, forceful yet gentle, playing with my nipples until I felt as if I was nothing, just at his mercy. The desires that illuminated from both our bodies was just as intense as the hunger in our stares. 
“You were made for me. Do you know that? You were put on this earth for me.” He urged, kissing me all over. I wasn’t replying. What the hell did that even mean? Not that I could have replied had I wanted to. I was in a parallel universe, uncharted land that scared the hell out of me. I was lost, lost in Sebastian’s world.  
He took my nipples into his mouth and teased them, until they were hard peaks as he positioned himself on his knees, looking up at me. Placing his fingers around my skirt he slid it to a pile by my feet.
He chuckled, “You were going commando this whole time?” 
I giggled, “I’ve been going commando this entire time.”
The mood turned light for only a second as we both snickered at my remark. That lasted long enough for him to kiss my bare stomach, kissing small pecks in a straight line, stopping just above my pubic bone. He continued spreading light kisses on my labia until he kissed my clit. It was the most tender, erotic thing anyone had ever done to me. I closed my eyes and dropped my head from his touch.
“Ysa, lay down,” he whispered.
I laid down as he spread my legs, placing them on his shoulders. 
“You’re beautiful,” he said before I felt his nose nudging my clit. 
I had never felt this exposed or vulnerable with a man before. He was making love to me with his mouth. He kissed me some more, until I finally felt his warm soft tongue. He licked me from the bottom to the top and kissed my clit one more time, before I felt him suck. 
It started off slow at first and then his movement became more urgent, as he swayed his head from side to side and then up and down. It felt thoroughly unreal. I loved men going down on me, Sebastian going down on me was different. I knew he wasn’t doing anything that I hadn’t experienced before, not with his mouth anyway. It had everything to do with this searing, emotional chemistry that only he seemed to be able to create between us. 
“Goddamn, Ysa, even the way you taste is addicting,” he huskily praised, “sit it up and look at me,” I shamelessly moaned, both tormented and turned on.
I rested on my elbows and his eyes found mine. I watched as he took his middle finger to his mouth and sucked it. He rubbed it from my clit to my opening and slowly pushed in, my head immediately fell back, briefly. I reverted my eyes back to what he was doing, comprehending his request, it fuelled his desire to have me watch him.
I watched as he pushed in and out of me, hitting my g-spot each and every time. His mouth went back to my clit and he licked, sucked, and finger fucked me until I couldn’t take it anymore. Our eyes never left each other, and I came with such force that my whole body shook.
“I could watch you come all night,” he panted, kissing his way up my body. He placed himself on top of me and glided his middle finger on the top and bottom of my lips before he put it in my mouth, while I erotically and seductively tasted myself; sucking and licking his finger.
His eyes widened in excitement and he grunted before he forcefully kissed my lips. I kissed him, tasting him and myself, and God, if it didn’t turn me on even more. 
I rubbed his back as he placed his hardness on top of my clit, slowly and deliberately, swaying up and down. I was still so sensitive that it didn’t take long before he had me coming undone again. 
“Ysa, open your eyes, I want to feel you come with me inside you next time.” 
“Please, Sebastian…” was all I could say, he was driving me insane.
He smiled a warm, extraordinary, loving smile down at me as he kissed my lips. My lips didn’t respond to his. They couldn’t, my mind was on the feel of him sliding into me. My only response was the instant gratifying moan that escaped. His was more of an “hmmm” kind of whimper, which once again intensified the emotional feel of him pushing inside of me.
 

<>*<>S<>*<>


Going down on Ysabelle was like nothing I had ever experienced. She tasted like sweetness. I loved that she came with such force that she soaked both the sheets and me. 
Being inside her felt tight and smooth with a connection that only she and I could understand. I moved in and out of her at a deliberately slow speed. I wanted this moment to last. She felt tiny under me and it turned me on even more. I moved her thigh, bending it to angle myself on her g-spot. I swear she got even wetter when I thrust in and out. I could feel her g-spot on the tip of my cock and it felt mind blowing. 
I kissed her all over, her face, her neck, her breasts, and back to her mouth. Until I couldn’t take it anymore. I had to look at her, I had to watch her. I pecked her lips one last time and opened my eyes to see that hers were closed. 
“Ysa…baby, open your eyes. Keep your eyes open,” I grunted, continuing my assault on her g-spot. Her eyes opened and they were glassy.
“Oh God, Sebastian,” she exclaimed, letting me know that she was ready. It was un-fucking-fathomable. I’d never witnessed that look on any girls face before; her bright green eyes were vibrant and alive. 
 I could hear the desperation in her voice. Ysabelle was going to be the end of me and I didn’t fucking care as long as she was by my side. 
Moving a little faster, “You like that Ysa? Does that feel good? What do you want, beautiful girl?” I panted. 
“Yes…yes…God yes…” she screamed. 
I felt a great amount of pressure on the head of my cock from her. I could feel the intense pressure building up from the shaft of my dick; it felt like a thousand incredible moments linked together. 
I could feel her clamping on tighter and tighter with each push and pull. Our eyes spoke volumes to each other just as much as our bodies consumed our desires, until I saw her eyes roll to the back of her head. Her pussy clamped onto my cock and she screamed my name. I thrust in one last time before I exploded, deep in the back of her pussy. I didn’t stop until I pumped every last drop into her. 
I leaned my forehead on hers and both our eyes closed. Our hearts were pounding, we were covered in sweat, and completely out of breath. We laid there for several moments, completely oblivious to everything around us. I didn’t want to pull out, we were one, and so were our thoughts. We were lost in our abandonment. 

Chapter 20

We woke up naked in each other’s arms with our legs entwined together. It was as if neither one of us wanted to let the other one go. I didn’t want to open my eyes, because I knew it would be over, we would get dressed, go to the airport, and go about our separate lives. She started stirring and I kissed her swollen lips. 
She turned her face to the nook of my arm, “I need to brush my teeth and so do you,” she giggled. 
“I’ll take you any way I can, Ysa,” I reminded her of my commitment.
She peeked her gorgeous eyes up at me and smiled. She moved out of the bed and walked naked over to her bag. Ysabelle was comfortable in her own skin, seeing her naked in broad daylight would be an image that I would never forget. 
She grabbed something from her purse and hid it behind her, laughing and walking back to me. She straddled my stomach and before I had the chance to take in the situation, she snapped a picture of me. 
She looked at her phone, “Awe, you look adorable with your messy hair. I’m keeping it.” 
She laid back down next to me and put her phone above us, “Smile,” she said as she snapped another picture, then she kissed my forehead before going into the bathroom. 
Her phone was left on the bed and I couldn’t help myself, after I heard the shower running I unlocked it and quickly texted my phone from hers. I added her to my contacts under Ms. Telle and then just as quickly deleted it from her phone. Before I had a chance to think about it, I went through her pictures. 
There were hundreds of them and I was dreading to see how many men or other clients I would see. I rummaged through them all and I didn’t find any other men on her phone, other than the one she took of me and then us. 
Before I had a chance to contemplate what I just realized, I heard the shower turn off. I met her at the door and picked her up off the ground in the tightest hug. 	
“What was that for?” she asked as I placed her back down on the ground. 
“I just felt like holding you.” I laughed at my moment of jubilance. She smiled and I walked into the bathroom. I took a shower and got dressed. I walked back into the room and she was once again dressed like a VIP; her hair was straight, she had makeup on, and was dressed in tight jeans with an off the shoulder top, and a pair of Laboutin’s, as Julia also wore the signature red sole. 
I realized at that moment our time was over, we were about to go back to our real lives; no longer was she mine, she was back to being Madam’s. 
The taxi ride to the airport was somber, we didn’t talk much and before I knew it we were on the plane heading back to Miami. 
The plane ride was also filled with empty silence, we didn’t talk or share a glance or smile. I didn’t know where we went from here. I didn’t know how to reassure her. What would happen once we were back in Miami? I hadn’t expected this trip to turn into what it had become. It was as much of a surprise for me, as it was for her. I couldn’t take the silence and distance between us any longer, I reached for her hand and kissed it. 
She didn’t even look at me as I kissed her knuckles, she just pulled her hand away from me as fast as possible. Fuck if that didn’t hurt.
I helped her with her luggage once we landed and we exited the airplane side by side. We decided to share a taxi and were about to exit the airport, before she said she needed to use the restroom. I waited outside for her when all of a sudden I heard a familiar voice. 
“Sebby!” Julia yelled a few feet away from me, holding Christian’s hand.
“Dad!” he shouted happily, jumping into my arms. I kissed him on the head and placed him back on the ground. 
Julia wrapped her arms around my neck, “Surprise!” she said right before she kissed me. I hadn’t seen my wife in three days and she kissed me passionately. I couldn’t help to open my eyes in search for Ysabelle and what I saw broke my heart. 
She was staring at us from the entrance of the restroom. Once she caught my gaze she lowered her head and walked away from us, toward the doors and into a taxi. 
Julia pulled away from me with a huge smile, “Are you all right?”
“Yeah,” I said nodding. “I’m just out of it, three days at sea will do that to you, Babygirl. I missed you, I’m happy to be home,” I replied, although I wasn’t sure if I was reassuring Julia or myself. 
She smiled again and we walked as a family back to our car. 
The entire drive home, my mind was weighed down with the impossibility, that I never said goodbye to my Ysa. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>

	
Last night was the first time I ever felt like I made love. I just wanted a memory of our time together. I didn’t know what had come over me to want a picture of him, I wanted something I could look back on. I had no clue if he was going to request my time again, for all I knew this would have been our last time together. 
There were no promises with him and I, no commitments, and no obligations. We were two completely different people, who just happened to find our way to one another and now we needed to go back home. 
We rode on the airplane in an awkward silence, I didn’t have the nerve to ask if I would see him again. I honestly didn’t want to know the answer. Before we were about to land, he reached for my hand and brought it up to his lips and kissed it. I was the one to pull my hand away, and by the look on his face, he didn’t like it. 
I couldn’t do this anymore, and he needed to understand that. The trip was over.
We landed at 2 p.m. and decided to share a taxi. I had to use the restroom before we left. I took the time to compose myself and repeat to myself that I could do this. I exited the restroom, looking around for Sebastian. My heart did some sort of fluttering thing when I found him, found him in the arms of another woman.
They were kissing passionately with their arms around each other. They looked madly in love and like a family with their son. It all came crashing down on me at once. I knew he didn’t belong to me, but seeing it was another thing entirely.
This was the truth, this was my reality, this was my life. I was the escort. I needed to remind myself of that. It was my fault that I let my guard down; I had no one to blame but myself. 	
Sebastian opened his eyes and instantly found mine. I couldn’t have him see me like that, I was done being a fucking idiot. I put my head down and walked out of the airport and into the first cab that I saw. 
The entire ride home all I wanted to do was cry. I hadn’t cried in years. 
I walked into my condo, and for the first time, it felt cold. I had no one to come home to, not even a fucking cat. All I had was myself, that’s all I ever had. And the reality of that hit me twice as hard. I was alone…
I heard my phone ding and silently prayed that it would be Madam with another date for me. 
I swiped over the locked screen.

I’m sorry.

I didn’t have to wonder whose number it was. 


I walked around in a fog for the next few weeks; hurricane Sebastian had run through me and left a destruction in his path. I worked hard at picking up the pieces, getting back in the swing of things with new and old clients. 
Madam never asked nor questioned my time with Sebastian. She scheduled me like she always did and I played my part. I had been with several married men, seen them out with their wives and families, and I never cared that I had just been with them days before. 
The image of Sebastian and his family will be forever burned like a tattoo on my mind. I hated seeing her in his arms and vice versa. He hadn’t texted or asked for me in almost a month and I was beginning to lose hope that I would ever see him again. 
What was even more fucked up was that I wanted to be with him again. I even caught myself trying to text the number he had texted me from, I couldn’t do it. I had never contacted a client, I waited until I was called upon; that’s how things worked. 	
I needed to get the fuck out of my house. I called the only person I cared to ever be around. 
“Look who decided to come out of hiding. Where have you been, Kid?” Devon answered.
“Oh…you know, a little of this, a little of that. I like to keep you on your toes, Mr. Hill. What are you and your bitchy girlfriend doing?”
“Right…about that…” he paused.
“Yes?” I inquired with my heart pounding. Please don’t say what I think your going to say. 
“We sort of went to the court house and got married last weekend.” 
“Are you fucking kidding me?” I said a little too loudly. 
“Wow, Kid, a congratulations would have probably been a better opener, don’t you think?” 
“Why?” I questioned in an angry tone. I didn’t know where it came from and why I was so upset. 
“I don’t know, Ysabelle, because we love each other, we’re going to be a family in a few months. That’s pretty standard stuff.” 
“Great. Just fucking great, Devon. Congrat-u-fucking-lations.” I hung up. 
My phone rang five seconds later.
“Kid…” was all he said and I broke down crying. 
“I’ll be there in fifteen minutes,” he said and hung up. 
He walked right in, I hadn’t moved from the couch; my face looked crazy from the mascara and the crying, and I didn’t give two shits about it. He approached me cautiously like I was a wounded animal. I patted the seat next to me and he smiled. 
“What’s going on?” he questioned.
“I don’t know, Devon…I’m so fucked up. I have no idea what I’m doing anymore. I’m sad, depressed, and crying like a little bitch on my couch.” I laughed and cried at the same time. 
“Kid…” he said, putting his arms around me, “is it about that guy at the bar?” 
“How do you know?” I whispered. 
“I’m a man and I know what it looks like when another man is interested. Did he hurt you?” 
“Yes…no…I don’t know,” I mumbled. 	
He sighed and kissed my forehead, “I have known you a very long time, Ysabelle, and I can’t help but feel relieved.” I moved to face him.
“What?” 
“You let him in. I never thought you’d allow it.” 
“Do you see this right here?” I addressed, pointing to myself, “This…is why I’m not supposed to give a shit. I end up looking and feeling like shit, Devon. I can’t think, I can’t sleep, I can’t fucking get off my couch. All I want to do is eat ice cream and watch sappy movies, and I hate sappy movies,” I whined.
He laughed. “You’re kind of adorable right now and that could be a plus.” 
“Ahhhh!” I yelled, grabbing the pillow off the couch and hitting him over the head repeatedly. 
“Oh come on…just call him and work it out. Everything can be worked out. If it can’t, then he doesn’t deserve you and you will find someone who will,” he explained. 
“It’s not that easy, Devon.” 
“It never is, life is not like that.” 
“You sound like a fortune cookie.” We both laughed. 
“I’m sorry I wasn’t supportive about the whole marriage thing. I’m happy for you…kind of.” 
“It was a spur of the moment thing.” 
“Does that mean you can’t be my friend anymore? Don’t men usually become pussy whipped when they’re married, because their wives become crazier and controlling? Your wife was already that, am I screwed?” 
“That will never happen, you’re stuck with me.” We both smiled. 
Devon ordered us Chinese food and stayed with me all day, watching sappy movies. 
I went to bed and deleted Sebastian’s text. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I took off Julia’s sunhat from her head and kissed her.
“Sebby, stop, I need that. I have court tomorrow and I can’t go in there looking like a lobster. Christian, honey, get down; you’re going to fall,” Julia called to Christian, sitting on the bow and dangling his feet.
“Julia, he’s perfectly fine, he’s got his floaties on, and he’s a boy. Let him climb and be a boy; huh, buddy?” I said with Christian smiling at me and nodding. 
“Sebastian…” she cautioned with a sour look. “I really wish you’d stop doing that. 
“Doing what?” 
“That right there. I tell him something and then you go right in and overrule it. You’re the good one and I’m the bad one. It’s unfair.” 
“Oh come on, Jules, will you quit it with the courtroom lingo? It’s a beautiful day outside, let’s enjoy it and get in the water. Come on, Babygirl, let’s go for a swim.” 
“No, Sebby, I don’t want to get salt in my hair. It takes forever to wash out and the wind is bad enough.” 
“Will you at least put on a bikini?” 
“Why? I’m just going to stay under the shade. Christian…” she yelled, walking away from me. 
My day of fun on the boat with my family wasn’t turning out to be all that fun. Julia barely acknowledged my advances because she was too preoccupied with Christian. She followed him around like a leech, constantly rubbing him down with sunscreen, making him drink his juice to keep from getting dehydrated from the heat, and making him wear some stupid looking safari hat to keep his ears from burning. 
It was my idea to go out on the boat with my family. We hadn’t gone out on the boat in a while with both of us being so busy. I subconsciously knew what I was doing, I was trying to recreate my trip with Julia, that I had experienced with Ysabelle, and it wasn’t fucking working. 
I didn’t know when Julia and I started getting too busy for one another, or when she started to turn into someone who didn’t want to get her hair wet. She was a dirt monkey when we were kids. I knew life got in the way sometimes, I hadn’t noticed when that happened. Had this been a recent change? Or had it always been like this and I just never noticed? 
We got off the boat that day and Christian passed out in the car before we were able to get him to bed. 
Julia met me in the shower and apologized for being moody, she blamed it on stress and being tired. We made love in the shower and then once again in our bed. There were times like this, when I had her in my arms, that I couldn’t imagine myself anywhere else. 
Then the image of Ysabelle’s face would come to me, and I once again felt the longing of her charismatic personality pulling at my heart. It had been a month since I had seen or heard from her. Part of me wished that she would contact me; I didn’t know how the whole VIP thing worked. I thought maybe we were passed that, or that I was different, like she would want to see me again and just reach out. 
I know that probably wasn’t part of the rules, but it didn’t stop me from wanting it to happen. I know she felt something for me when we were together. How the fuck could I blame her, she saw me with my family. She knew that I was a married man, and unavailable, why would she want to involve herself in my mess? A mess that I had created and sought out. 
I hated to think that maybe she felt relieved. What I hated even more, was to think that she hated me or was upset with me. I saw the hurt look in her eyes. I played with fire and Ysabelle was the one that ended up getting burned. 
I removed myself from Julia, grabbed my phone off the nightstand, and sat in my office. 
	
S – Hi. It’s Sebastian. 
What the fuck was I doing? 
Not even a minute later…
Y – I know. 
S – How are you?
Y – Good. 
So much for small talk…
S – I’m sorry I’m texting so late. 
Y – No worries. 
She was being cold to me and I hated it. 
S – I miss you…
I waited there for over thirty minutes with no reply; I was about to get up when I heard my phone ding. 
Y – What does that even mean?
S – I have no fucking clue. All I know is that I do. 
Y – WTF…
S – I want to see you again. 
Y – Call Madam. 
S – What if I wanted to see you outside of Madam’s terms.
Y – It doesn’t work that way. 
S – What if I wanted it to?
Again, I waited for over fifteen minutes for a response, until I heard the familiar ding.  
Y – What do you want me to say?
S – I want you to say yes. 
Y – Call Madam. Goodnight. 

It wasn’t exactly the way I wanted the conversation to go. Even through the phone, I could feel that her wall was up again. I had the pleasure of knocking it down, only to screw it all up and have her build it back up again.
I called Madam the next morning and set up another appointment. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Madam woke me the next morning to tell me that Sebastian had set up another date. I was to meet with him at the end of the week on Friday, same hotel and room as before. 	
I was done playing these stupid fucking games with him, he wanted to see me again, then I would make it unforgettable. 
The week carried on like it always did, I met with returning clients, and even got to do a little shopping for Friday night. 
I waxed, showered, straightened my hair, and applied a bit too much makeup. I went heavy on the eye makeup to make my eyes standout more. I applied shimmery vanilla and honey lotion all over my skin. I took the price tags off the tight red satin push up bra that had black lace toward the cleavage, and the matching Brazilian cut panties. I clipped on the garter set with black stockings and 6” black leather thigh high boots. I finished it off with silver hoop earrings.
I looked myself over in the mirror, before I thought of one last thing and grabbed my black leather crop from my closet. I put on my black knee length coat and made my way to the hotel. 
Twenty minutes later and I found myself in front of the same door that I had met him in before. I took a deep breath, walked right in without knocking, and shut the door behind me. He was pouring liquor into his glass and raised his head cocking it to the side when he saw me. 
“Good evening, Mr. Vanwell,” I said in a sultry voice with his face looking confused. 
“Ysa-” 
“Shhh…” I whispered with my finger to my mouth. “Just watch,” I said as I undid the first button of my coat, followed by the next and the next one until all I was left in was my lingerie. 
I grabbed my crop and slapped it on the palm of my hand; it made a loud cracking sound. His face wasn’t what I was expecting at all, he looked appalled and offended.
“What are you doing?” he scolded. 
“What you want. Isn’t this what you want, Mr. Vanwell? Because that’s what I do. That’s what I am. I’m an escort and I’m here to make all your fantasies come true. Where do you want me? From what I hear, you’re paying top dollar Sir, so you know what that means? It means you can put it anywhere,” I teased. 
He ran his fingers through his hair in a frustrated motion, “Ysa, what are you doing? This isn’t what I want, I want you.” 
“This is ME, Mr. Vanwell.” 
He slowly walked over to me, “Really…I don’t think so. Where’s the woman from the yacht, huh? I want her. Where’s the Ysa I spent three amazing days with?” 
“She’s here on her terms.” He was getting closer to me, and I fucking knew the moment he touched me, I would be done for. 
I circled around him touching the tip of my crop on him, as I seductively glared at him up and down. 
“Ysa, stop this,” he demanded, taking my wrist and pulling me back to the front of him. I didn't falter, I couldn’t. I slid the crop between his legs and smiled a deviant smile. 	
“What is it, Mr. Vanwell, you want me on my knees? Huh? You want my hot, wet mouth around your cock? You want me to take you so deep in the back of my throat that I fucking gag? How about it, Mr. Vanwell? I’ll even let you come on my face.” He jerked back, releasing me from him. 
I took the opportunity and got on my knees and reached for the buckle of his pants. He grabbed both my wrists, “Stop this! Damn it, stop this right now.” 
“Oh come on, Mr. Vanwell, if you wanted it rough all you had to do was say so,” I responded, trying to tug my hands free. 
“What the fuck is wrong with you? You think this is what I want? Stop doing this, before you push me too far.” 
“What’s wrong, Mr. Vanwell, you don’t like being used? Or does your Babygirl do this at home for you,” I sadistically said. 
We struggled like this for the next few minutes; both of us trying to gain the control over the other, until I just wanted it to be over. 
“This is what I fucking do, Sebastian. I'm a fucking whore. I fuck both men and women for money. I’ve had threesomes, I’ve done orgies, and I’ve even had it in every one of my holes at once, getting it up the ass so hard that I couldn’t fucking walk the next day!" I angrily screamed. 
Before I even saw it coming, he forcefully pushed me to the ground and climbed on top of me. He grabbed my face to try to make me look at him and I tightly shut my eyes. 
“Ysa, look at me, open your fucking eyes and look at me,” he demanded as I shook my head back in forth trying to get loose.
He started to gently kiss all over my face and caress me softly, “I’m sorry, I’m so fucking sorry, Ysa, beautiful girl, my girl, you’re perfect…I want you…I just want you, please come back to me. I need you,” he whispered.
I couldn’t take it anymore and I just started pushing him, trying to get myself free from his grasp, “Stop! Get the hell off me! I don’t want this, I don’t fucking want you! Get the FUCK off! I HATE you. I hate you, Sebastian! Do you hear me! I fucking hate you!” I yelled over and over again. 
He wouldn’t let up; he just kept caressing me, kissing me, and whispering sweet things in my ear. I had enough and pushed him backwards with such force that I was able to slap him across face. Before I could think of the consequences I went at him again, except this time he caught my wrist. I tried with the other hand and he caught that one too. 
I laid there beneath him, panting profusely, emotionally and physically spent, tears falling from my face that I hadn’t noticed were there until that second. I expected him to get up and leave me. But he didn’t, he leaned forward and kissed me. He kissed me gently and softly with just his lips at first, and when I felt his tongue in my mouth, I moaned in surrender. 
I had tried to get rid of him, but he just wouldn’t go. I couldn’t do it anymore. I had let him in and he was planning on staying there, with or without my consent. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


What had I done to this confident, beautiful woman? I had broken her and I just wanted to put her back together again. The week dragged on, as if Friday was never going to be here. The anticipation of seeing her again was wreaking havoc on my entire life. I couldn’t concentrate at work, I lost a mediocre deal because I couldn’t close the guy, and I even forgot about Christian’s baseball game; which caused and argument between Julia and I. 
Finally, Friday arrived and I patiently waited for her to appear. I could have never expected what was to come. I knew the minute she stepped into the room she wasn’t the Ysa I knew. She was a VIP. 
It wasn’t the lingerie that didn’t do it for me, it was her demeanor. She was acting like the part she was expected to play; she played it so well, I imagined she had done this hundreds of times before. That hurt my heart more. For someone like Ysabelle, to be used like that and then discarded was cruel beyond words. 
The way she threw herself at me and the words that came out of her mouth were punishing. When she got down on her knees, it nearly killed me. To hear of what she thought of herself and the things she did for money were just adding salt to the open wound in my heart. I didn’t mean to push her, I needed to make her stop, I needed to have her see me, and be with me. I did the only thing I knew how; I kissed and caressed, and told her all the things that were true. The things that I held dear to my heart. 
And then she slapped me, and I knew she was just trying to push me away further. Her hateful words didn’t matter, she didn’t mean them. She was crying and she just wanted to hurt me. I hated to think that she was trying to get back at me for hurting her, for the pain that I had caused at the airport . 
When I kissed her, my intent was for it to be pure; kissing Ysabelle always took its own turn. It always had its own life, its own existence. 
We kissed for what seemed like hours, just kissing and exploring each other’s mouths. 
I picked her up and carried her over to the bed, never breaking our kiss, our connection; easing myself on top of her I caressed the side of her face. Then she opened her eyes and looked at me. 
“There you are, Ysa, there’s my girl,” I encouraged. 
Ysabelle’s eyes always said everything to me. There were no need for words when she looked at me, they spoke for her. I undressed her slowly and then myself. We laid naked for a while before I finally entered her. 
It was slow, soft, and when we came together, it was magical. I was completely, entirely, and wholeheartedly falling for this woman. 
After we were done, she laid in my arms with her head on my chest, she drew what seemed like hearts on me with her finger. 
“What was that, Ysa?” I asked, breaking the silence. 
“What are you doing, Sebastian? What are you doing with me?” 
“I’m with you, being with you, that’s what I’m doing. You’re in my arms and I want you to stay there. I don’t want the VIP. I want you. I want this.” 
“I don’t even understand what that means.” 
“It means that I don’t want to stay away from you. It means that I don’t want you to stay away from me. Be with me, Ysa, just like this. Every time we are together, I want you just this way. I want my Ysa. Can you do that for me?” 
I knew what I was implying and what I was suggesting. I wanted her and I didn’t care what way I had her, as long as I did. 
“Yes,” was all that she answered. 
We stayed in bed, just like that, for the next hour in comfortable silence until it was time for me to leave. I left Ysabelle with a kiss and the assurance that we would see each other again. 
As soon as I got in my car, I called Madam to schedule my next appointment.



<>*<>Y<>*<>


I said yes, and so began our affair…
We met just like that, every Friday, for the first few months; which quickly turned to two times a week, and now I was seeing him more often than not. My appointments with other clients were few and far between. I didn’t really know what was going on and I never asked Madam. I was enjoying only being Sebastian’s. 
We never talked about his wife or his family. There were no promises of him leaving her, or me leaving VIP, it was never discussed. 
No “I love yous” were ever said either. 
We just were. 
When we were together, the whole world didn’t exist. It was just he and I, and I treasured it. I officially let go of every wall I had ever created and I completely surrendered myself over to him. My head knew that he was married and belonged to someone else; my heart, my damaged heart, didn’t give a flying fuck. I jumped in with both feet to accept him in any shape, way, or form I could get him. 
When we were together, I got to pretend that he was mine, and that was good enough for me. 

Chapter 21

<>*<>S<>*<>

“Sebastian, what is this?” Julia called, walking into the living room where Christian was sound asleep, curled up beside me.
“What, Julia?” I asked, moving my head around her to see the interception from Payton Manning. 
“What are all of these charges for The W?” she asked, flipping through the pages of my credit card statement. Shit. I forgot to have that card be mailed over to my office. I sat up, sliding sleeping Christian to the side.
“You know what that is. I’ve always paid for rooms for my clients. It’s the least I can do with the money they spend. Why are you going through my mail anyway?”
“I thought it was mine. We do still have the same last name. You’re going to get defensive because I opened your mail?”
“I’m not getting defensive,” I assured her, taking the bill from her hand. That bill was getting switched over first thing in the morning. I didn’t need Julia getting all PI on me. I had too much on my plate to add any more.
“I’m sorry, Sebby. I didn’t mean to sound so bitchy. I just feel like we’re drifting apart. I don’t like all this space between us,” she whined. Oh, my God. That thought instantly crossed my mind. Why did I just think she was whining? I never thought that way before. I would have embraced her and tried to ease all her anxieties. 
“Don’t worry about it, Jules,” I replied, removing her arms from around my neck and walking toward the office to deposit my bill in my desk drawer. She followed.
“Do you know when the last time you called me Babygirl was?”
“What?” I asked, looking up. I guess I hadn’t thought about it.
“You heard me. You never call me Babygirl anymore. What’s going on?”
“Nothing is going on, BABYGIRL,” I sarcastically replied.
“Okay, when was the last time we made love, Sebastian?” she asked, closing and locking the door. I wasn’t sure how to react. A few months back I would have already had her clothes off by now. 
“Stop taking your clothes off, Julia,” I demanded. She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me, driving her tongue into my mouth.
“Make love to me, Sebby, please,” she begged.
Fuck. I kissed her back and undressed her. “Bend over, baby,” I coaxed, turning her to the desk. That I noticed, whether she did or not, I didn’t know. I had been turning her away from me while we had sex for months now. I couldn’t look at her while we were intimate anymore. We never made love in the shower or in bed, and she was the one to always initiate it when we were intimate. I couldn’t help it. I thought about making love to one person, seeing her beautiful face, listening to her contagious laugh, and having her warm skin in my arms.
That was our life. We seemed to go our separate ways more times than not. I worked late, she worked late, and we communicated via text to know which one of us was picking up our son. I hated the way things had seemed to go at home. I guess it was to be expected, at least Christian was oblivious and was a normal happy little boy. We both tried to do our best to make sure of that. 
I didn’t think I was the only one turning away from our marriage, she seemed to be too. After we finished, I helped her get dressed.
“Sebby, I’m not going to be in town this weekend I have to fly out to New York to meet with a potential client. I know it’s really last minute.” 
My mind instantly went to Ysabelle and being with her all weekend. 
“Mom and Dad have been asking for weeks to have Christian, do you mind if he stayed with them? It would give you some time to yourself.”
“No, I don’t mind. I’ll spend time with him on Friday before I drop him off. When will you be back?” 
“Sunday night. I’ll miss you. I wish I didn’t have to go,” she sighed, putting her arms around me. 
“I’ll miss you, too,” I gently reassured her. 
The last few months I had been spending any spare chance I could get with Ysabelle. I was in deep and just getting in deeper. I had even started paying Madam for time when I wasn’t with her, because I couldn’t stand the thought of her being with another man. I knew that was such a double fucking standard, nonetheless, I was doing it. 
I was thankful that Julia and I always had separate bank accounts, we had our bills that came out of our mutual account, a savings account, and then money that we each had for personal use. Both our parents had done it like that, and we just seemed to follow in their footsteps. 
The more time I spent with Ysabelle, the more emotionally invested I became with her; she was all I thought about. When I was her I didn’t want to leave, and when I wasn’t I wanted to be. It became an even more fucked up situation if that was even possible. I lived for the moments that we were together and that was enough to get me through the day.


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Sebastian was due to our room in about a half an hour and I had a huge surprise for him. I didn’t know if he would go for it. I loved pushing boundaries and this was just another one for me to push. 
He arrived pretty late, because he was spending time with his son before dropping him off at his grandparents’ for the weekend. He said I had him the entire weekend; I didn’t ask how because I didn’t want to know.
I had dressed in a nude form fitting high wasted skirt, with a plum crop top, and nude ankle pumps. I left my hair curly which I seemed to do now, and went heavy on the eye makeup with blush and vanilla lip-gloss, because it was Sebastian’s favorite.  
Yes…I had turned into one of those girls. 
I was sipping some champagne when the door opened, his face said it all before he dropped his bag to the ground and rushed over to me; picking me off the ground and spinning me around. 
“God…I have been waiting all day for this,” he celebrated.
“You just saw me two days ago,” I reminded him, secretly I was waiting too. 
“I know, it was two days too many. You look fucking amazing, Ysa. Give me those lips.” He pounced forward before kissing me like he hadn’t just seen me two days ago. 
He groaned as I pulled away from him, “You need to stop that, or we won’t leave this room, and I have other plans for us. Besides, I look all pretty,” I said, twirling in a circle for him. 
“No, you look gorgeous,” he argued. 
“Charmer…go get ready, I have surprises and presents.” I slapped his ass to get him to move. He kissed me one more time before leaving. He came back twenty minutes later looking insanely sexy with wet messy hair, jeans, and a dark blue button down shirt I had bought him. 
“You look handsome.” 
“That’s because my girl picked this shirt out for me. Now come here so I can thank her.” I squirmed out of his embrace and he sat me on the edge of the table kissing all over my neck. 
“Do you want your present and surprise?” I teased. 
“Does it involve you being naked, because, then yes.” 
“Sebastian!” I said playfully, pushing him away. 
“All right, let me see it.” 
“Close your eyes.” He did and I kissed his nose and then his lips. I couldn’t help myself. I just wanted to make sure he would close his eyes if I asked him to. 
He laughed. “Is this my surprise?” 
“Nope! Open your eyes.” 
He did and looked at me confused. 
“I just wanted you to close your eyes. I don’t have the surprise yet, I need to ask you a question first.” I paused for a second, “Have you ever tried any drugs, Sebastian?” 
“No…I mean I tried pot a couple of times.” 
“So you’ve always been a good boy, until me?” I laughed, he didn’t.
“Awe! I’m just teasing you! I find it adorable that you’re such a good boy and that I’m your vice. Honest. It’s enlightening. Sometimes in life it’s fun to try new things. Don’t you think?”
“Ysa…don’t talk about yourself like that. I don’t like it,” he harshly stated. 
I smiled, batted my eyes, and kissed the tip of his nose. That seemed to bring the smile I looked forward to, back to his face. 
“What are you trying to get at, Ysabelle? You’re fishing for something.”
“Mmm hmm, maybe I am.” I walked toward my purse to grab the contents and I placed it in my closed, fisted hand. I skipped my way over to the table and sat back down. I let my legs dangle off the side and waited for his reaction. 
“What are you doing?” he questioned.
“Nothing, I want to show you my present, you have to close your eyes again and open your mouth,” he looked at me with trepidation. “Awe…come on…you’re hurting my feelings. Don’t you trust me?” I said in the sweetest voice. 
“Ysa, I don’t like these games. What’s in your hand?” he replied.
“Where’s the fun in that? I don’t want to tell you.” 
“Why not?”
“Because, I know better,” I said with the sweetest smile and he spread my legs to stand in the middle of them. 
“You know I can get it out of you,” he reassured, nibbling on my neck. 
“I don’t know about that…besides I don’t want to tell you, now open.” I grabbed his chin and he jerked away. 
“I’m not comfortable with this. You ask me if I’ve ever done drugs and now you want to stick something in my mouth. I’m not stupid.” 
I sighed, “Fine, party pooper,” I opened my hand. “Sebastian, meet Molly,” I placed my hands up in the air, “ta da! Surprise.” His eyebrows leaned in together and his mouth turned crooked. 
“Not the reaction I was hoping for, Sebastian. Live a little, would you? It will be fun, I promise!”
“I don’t know, Ysa, I’m a father…and a hus-” I knew what he was about to say before he even stopped himself. 
“Isn’t it a little late to grow a conscience; I mean, you’ve already been inside me,” I said with a grin. He didn’t appreciate the sarcasm and walked away.
I shrugged my shoulders, “Fine. Don’t do it. More for me!” I jumped off the table and walked over to the fridge. As I grabbed a bottle of water he quickly took it out of my hand. 
“Is this your way of trying to stop me? You know I can get more water right?” I said sarcastically, he groaned in response. 
“What’s it going to do and how long does it last?” he asked and I smiled because I had won. 
“That’s a very good question and it’s a great coincidence that you don’t have to worry about that, because we have all weekend together. As far as what it’s going to feel like. Hmm…” I said as I kissed his lips. “It’s going to feel mother fucking amazing, lover, it’s just a little ecstasy. Now open up.” 
He opened his mouth and I placed it right on his tongue. He began opening the water bottle and I grabbed it out of his hands. 
“Nah, I changed my mind. No water. Chew on it.” 
“Ugh this tastes fucking awful, why am I chewing on this?” He made a face and mumbled around the pill.
“That’s a good sign, it means they’re good. Chewing on it will make it hit you faster.” I took mine and started chewing, it did taste awful. 
“Now that that’s out of the way, I reserved us an exclusive table. Dirty South is playing tonight.” 
“We’re going to a club?”
“Of course, Silly Sally…you’re going to get the full-on experience,” I stated, walking away.
He grabbed my wrist, “How many times have you done this?”
I kissed his hand, “Too many to count. Stop fucking around, let’s go.” 
We walked out to the front of the building and I stood back waiting for my next surprise to arrive. A red Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Super Sport drove up.
“Here you go, Ms. Telle,” said the valet. 
I handed Sebastian the keys and said, “This is my next surprise for the night.” 
His eyes widened, “Where did this come from?” 
“I have friends in high places, Sebastian, people like me,” I beamed, walking over to the passenger seat and getting in. I put on my seat belt as Sebastian got in, he closed the door and turned to me. 
“What do you mean by that?” he speculated. 
“Sebastian, Madam owns this car and I borrowed it. What are you worrying about?” 
He grabbed my face and kissed me as if he was branding me, “You’re my girl” he reminded me, I grinned and smiled. 
He put the keys in the ignition and floored the gas making her purr to feel the rumbling in the seats.
Turning back toward me, he arched an eyebrow, “My name is Vanwell, Sebastian Vanwell,” he stated while stepping on the gas and pulling into traffic. 
I laughed so hard, loving the fact that he was enjoying his surprise. 
We arrived at the entrance and were immediately let in without having to wait in the 200 plus deep line. The hostess escorted us to our table right by the stage and our water bottles, Grey Goose, and mixers were being chilled on the table. These top tables were usually reserved for celebrities. But Madam owned this town. 
It was almost midnight and Dirty South was about ready to come on. The opener was killing it with the beats and the melodies. 
I took a deep breath and felt it instantly kick in, I looked back at Sebastian and saw that it had hit him too. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I knew I should have been thinking about my family when I willingly opened my mouth for something I would have never thought about doing before. I didn't. That's the affect that Ysabelle had on me. That girl could talk me into just about anything, and for the life of me, I didn’t understand why. All she had to do was look at me and I would do anything for her. 
Ysabelle appeared to know everyone in the club. Random people kept coming up to her to say hello. My girl looked amazing with her outfit, my girl looked amazing anytime. She was drop dead gorgeous and I was a lucky son of a bitch to have her by my side. 
She looked back over at me and her eyes were bright and shinning, her pupils were immensely dilated and it made them even bigger, even livelier. I felt the urge to take a deep breath and when I did my whole body tingled, I felt like my nerve endings were alive. 
Ysabelle came closer to me, close enough that our noses were almost touching.
“Want to see why people do this together, Love? Look into my eyes, and tell me what you see,” she panted. 
I had looked into her eyes hundreds of times, this was the first time I saw the world. I saw life, love, happiness, purity, pleasure, joy, every crazy emotion rolled into one, looking into her eyes. Our connection was alive and all around us, I could touch it, taste it, feel it, it was everywhere. She smiled at me and I swear it lit up the entire room, when she kissed me I could taste life on her lips, like I was put on this earth to only kiss those lips. 
“I have been waiting for you all my life, Ysa,” I passionately said, knowing that she was my all, my everything. When she moved away from me to talk to someone who came over to her, I felt like she took my whole world with her. My whole body was experiencing euphoria and the world was at my fingertips, I was standing in the presence of a Goddess, and I felt her love, without any reservation. 
I took in my surroundings, the bright lights and lasers were fucking with my vision, which made my eyes jumpy. The lights formed halos around them and tracers would follow them when they moved. 
Ysabelle handed me a piece of gum, “You’re clenching your teeth handsome, chew this; it will make it better.” 
The mint from the gum was an explosion in my mouth, it was as if my teeth and tongue felt alive. 
Ysabelle laughed and smiled at me, “You should see your face right now; you have a perma-grin.” 
“You’re an angel, aren’t you?” I commented like a lunatic. 
She laughed again and it made me feel carefree, I hadn’t remembered feeling like that since I was a small child, absolutely in the moment, able to feel, experience, and share everything she was offering without fear or hesitation. It is the most perfect moment of the most perfect day of my life. 
I had so much energy that I wanted to move. I grabbed Ysabelle and leaned her against the balcony while I stood behind her; she swayed her body to the beat of the music. My world was spinning, all the colors and movements felt like a rainbow, everything became faster and faster. 
With the music from the D.J. and the lights pulsing all around us, it seemed like everything was vibrant and throbbing, the club had become the most beautiful place I had ever seen. I had heard this music before and never cared for it, now it felt like Ysabelle and I were fused into the fabric of the melody. Every beat, every drop, I was right there with it. I closed my eyes and just felt it all around me, beating into my veins, my blood. 
It was perfect, synthesized chords that were cutting into my soul, pulling pleasure from inside me. I hadn’t noticed that my hands were all over Ysabelle’s skin. She felt hot. I could feel the goose bumps and sensations coursing through her and it made our connection even stronger. It was as if we were united in our experience.
We danced and listened to the music for what seemed like minutes. I couldn’t believe it when Ysabelle turned around and said it was nearly 3 a.m., I felt like we had just arrived. We left shortly after and decided to take a taxi back to the hotel; she said Madam would have someone pick up her car. The ride back was just as enjoyable because we were together. Walking out into the fresh air was a feeling like none other; it was exhilarating and blissful, even the leather seats felt surreal and the lights of the city felt like they were also thriving in the twilight hours. It was all so animated, almost like watching a 3D movie. Ysabelle just kept looking at me giggling and being absolutely adorable. 
Once we got back to the hotel and changed into comfortable clothes, Ysabelle got us some water, and we sat on the loungers out on the balcony overlooking the stars and the moon. She laid on my chest, her back to my front, and rubbed her fingers back and forth on my arm, making me feel like I was on fire. The moon and stars felt like they were right near us, like we could touch them if we wanted to. The change of scenery was dreamlike; it was a wonderland just for Ysabelle and I. 
I felt a sense of calm being there with her, she had no idea how much power she had over me. The realization that I barely knew anything about her had hit me out of nowhere and all at once. I wanted to know it all, every last detail. 
“Ysa…” 
“Mmm hmm…” 
“Tell me about your life? Tell me who you are?” 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


The night had turned out better than I ever could have imagined. I had done Mollies with men before, and never experienced anything even remotely close to what I had with Sebastian. Seeing him experience that for the first time was a memory I’ll take to the grave. I got to experience it as if it was the first time through his eyes. It was like watching a child take its first steps, or say its first words, like seeing him realize that there is so much more to this world if he would allow it. 
I didn’t know what possessed me to want to do this with him. I knew the night would lead to conversation, which would lead to questions. The sure thing about a Molly was honesty, you couldn’t lie if you wanted to. Maybe a part of me wanted him to know, and I knew the only way I could tell him was through a drug induced state that allows all your inhibitions to go out the window. 
In that moment, being in his arms, looking out at the beauty of the world, I wanted to tell him everything. I wanted him to know me inside and out. I was safe with him.
Without any hesitation, I answered. “Where do you want me to start?” 
“I want you to start from the beginning, I want to know it all.” 
I took a deep breath, “I was raised in Tampa, Florida, and I don’t really know where I was born; I assume it was there. My mother was a Grade-A bitch, Sebastian. She never took care of me; I can’t remember one hug, one kiss, not even a fucking ‘I love you’. I’ve never met my father and I never even asked. It’s not like she would tell me, anyway. 
“She was a selfish, immature, fucking loser. I grew up in section eight housing where my only friends were stray cats that I would find to play with. There was never any food, and I remember going to bed hungry more often than not. My mother was also a prostitute, I couldn’t tell you how many times men would come in and out; our home was a revolving door of depravity. 
“I would clean up booze, condoms, and drugs pretty much on a daily basis. The house reeked of sex, cigarettes, and alcohol, it didn’t matter how many times I tried to air it out. It was permanently imbedded in the air.” 
“I’m so sorry, Ysa,” he whispered, kissing the side of my face. 
“It gets a lot worse, Sebastian,” I chuckled out of the pure nervousness. 
“When I turned twelve and got my period for the first time, my mother saw dollar signs. I went to bed one night and woke up with an immense amount of weight on me, at first I thought it was my mother and something had happened. When I felt a hand over my mouth and the other one fondling me all over, I barely had time to register what was going on.” I paused for a moment, I had to, I felt like I was re-living it all over again. 
“I didn’t move, I didn’t fight, and I barely made a sound. I was scared shitless and prayed for the first time in my life that it would be over quick. God didn’t hear my prayers because the fucker took forever. He wasn’t gentle, he was nasty, and awful, and enjoyed it every horrible second of it.
“When he was done, he just got up, grabbed his coat, and left. I heard my mother in the hallway talking about money; she knew what was going on. She planned it. 
“After he left, she didn’t come in my room to comfort me. I laid there all night with his stench still on me. I could barely move the next morning, when I had to clean the blood in between my thighs. I couldn’t look at the sheets as it looked like someone had been murdered on them, and in a sense, somebody had. I threw them away and slept on a plain mattress for the next several months.” 
I couldn’t turn around to look at Sebastian’s face, I was too afraid of what I would see. I had never told anyone that. I had to keep going. I had to finally tell someone what I had survived. 
“After that, I barely ever went home. I went to school, I’d go to the park, and I would wait till it was really dark outside before I would climb through my window. I barricaded my door with a chair the best I could, and slept with a knife under my pillow. My mother didn’t seem to notice that I was even gone. The next few years I grew up and started to become a woman I guess…I grew breasts and a womanly figure. I guess I learned at an extremely young age how to use that to my advantage. 
“I started using boys to do stuff for me. It didn’t matter what it was, if I wanted it or needed it, I would give away sexual favors for it. I didn’t have sex with them, I couldn’t. I was too messed up to even go there, but the other stuff was all right. 
“The next time I had sex, it was when I decided to get the fuck out of my house. It was with a random guy from school, who gave me a lift to Miami. When I was sixteen, I left and never looked back. I haven’t seen my mother in eight years. I didn’t tell her I was leaving, I just left. I haven’t heard from her, and odds are she probably doesn’t even remember I ever existed. 
“Once I got to Miami, I met Devon- the guy from the bar that you met. I worked there for two years and then I met Madam; the rest is history.” 
Sebastian hadn’t said a word since I started talking and I was anxious as to what I would turn around and see on his face. I think he could sense it, because he finally asked me to turn around, and when I did, I saw more emotion on this one man’s face than I had ever seen on any person before. It wasn’t like he was passing judgment or pitying me, more like he was feeling everything I had just shared with him. It was as if he had experienced it with me.  
I thought I would feel uncomfortable in his presence, after sharing all that with him, feeling vulnerable and exposed to him, much more than I had before; I didn’t, it felt right, he felt right. I didn’t know if it was the Molly or me, in that instant I wanted to tell him that I loved him. I wanted to shout it from the rooftops; I wanted the whole world to know that I loved this man. 	
I loved a man who belonged to somebody else, a father and a husband. I had never planned on it, and it was never thought out; being in love with a married man was one of the hardest things I had ever put myself willingly into. I knew he cared for me, he returned each and every affection and feeling, but I still knew he went home to his wife. 
Love is a very funny thing, the desire, the want, the need, the attraction; it’s all these chemicals that release the same endorphins, similar to what we were experiencing at that moment. It was an emotional roller coaster; he made a commitment and vows to another person. I didn’t know how it had happened, but I had become the other woman. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


The immense emotions that I felt when she told me about her childhood made me want to kill that motherfucker, even her own mother. I wanted to cry, I was afraid of the effect it would have on me, not being able to stop grieving for her lost childhood, and I wanted to be strong for her. She needed that from me and I was absolutely going to give it to her. 
I wasn’t sure how I was going to do this, it was something that she needed. I would have given this woman the moon and the stars had it been possible. I just didn’t know how to react to everything that she had just told me, we came from different worlds. I’d never been around drugs, lived in the slums, gone to bed hungry, or any of the other fucked-up shit, I'd just heard. I grew up the rich kid, the baseball star, the good-looking guy all the girls wanted. I didn't know what to say. I wanted to take it all, go back in time, and trade places with her if I could. 
She didn't deserve that life. I wanted to make her forget who she was or where she came from. I couldn't. I knew whether she would admit it or not that it weighted her down. She wasn't this tough girl that she pretended to show the world. Deep down, Ysabelle was broken. I was going to put her back together. I didn’t know how I was going to do it, but I was going to make it happen. 
I pulled her into my lap, causing her to straddle my legs, and kissed the skin on her chest that was bare. She looked down and held my face in her hands with the most beautifully emotional eyes that I had ever seen. 
The realization hit me like a ton of bricks; I fucking loved her. Shit. I loved her more than anything. This was so fucking bad. I was thinking all sorts of thoughts, thoughts that would end up breaking Julia’s heart. I wanted Ysabelle to truly be mine and for me to be hers. I wanted this for real, in daily life, going to bed together, waking up together, the fights, the make-ups, the good, and bad. I wanted it all. The Future. All those thoughts were quickly replaced with the now. Right in the moment, where the world stopped spinning for us. Where we were an US. 
She closed her eyes and lifted her chin for me to kiss her neck, I didn't. I pulled her lips to mine and we kissed like we were never going to see each other again. It wasn't the drugs. I knew it wasn't the drugs. It was us; Ysabelle and Sebastian, sharing something, a hysterical, desperate touch that warmed my blood, and soothed my soul. Ysabelle was meant to come into my life, as I was hers. We were meant to be together, she was my soul mate. I knew it in my heart. 
“Sebastian, stop thinking…stop thinking and just feel.” I knew she was thinking the same thing I was, that’s how in tune we were with each other. 
“Close your eyes,” she encouraged. 
I did as I was told and I felt her tiny fingers start taking off my shirt until I felt the air on my chest; her nails started raking up and down from my chest to my lower abdomen. I could feel her lightly blowing air after the trails of the tips of her fingers. It felt sensual and stimulating. 
 It was mind-blowing when I felt her hand caress my dick on top of my shorts. 
“You want it, Sebastian?” she teased, I didn’t have to open my eyes to know she was grinning. 
“Tell me what you want and I’ll do it. Huh…what’s your fantasy?”
She reached for the sides of my shorts and lowered them to pull out my cock, the warmth of her hands felt like nothing I had ever experienced. The movement of both her hands going up and down my shaft in a slow torturous rhythm had me barely being able to breathe. 
“Ysa, I want your mouth on me,” I pleaded. 
She began at my balls licking and taking each one in her mouth, before she moved to the base of my cock, taking the tip of her tongue and twirling it all around to the top of my head. When she got there, she lightly nipped at it until she took me into her mouth and sucked. 
She moaned the most delicious sound when she took me in completely, I wasn’t just getting off on what she was doing to me, the movements and the noises she was making intensified it. All of it was a sensory overload for me. I felt her ease up and get off the lounger.
“Don’t open your eyes,” she demanded as she laid down the lounger to make it flat. I heard her remove her clothing until I imagined she was naked, and I wanted to open my eyes so fucking bad. 
I felt the lounger take a dip till her smooth thighs were on the sides of my face. I could smell her arousal for me, as she lowered herself into my mouth. I breathed her in until I couldn’t take it anymore, and began lapping at her pussy. She was so wet and tasted fucking ridiculous. I wanted to eat her pussy like it was the last thing I was ever going to taste. 
When I felt her mouth on me once again, it was then that I grasped that we were in the 69 position. We had never done this before. It was exhilarating and thrilling to be experiencing another new thing with her. 
We engulfed each other with the techniques we were using on our most sacred parts. Ysabelle sucked my cock like a fucking pro, it was beyond me why I hadn’t come yet. She was taking me deep in the back of her throat with her hand never letting up; gliding and twisting around my shaft.  
I had never felt her clit so exposed before, I barely had to touch it and she was writhing on top of me. I took my fingers and roughly pushed them into her pussy, within seconds she was coming all over my face. 
I couldn’t take it anymore and I needed to be inside her, her mouth felt divine, but her pussy would feel out of this world. 
“Ysa, come ride my cock,” I begged in a voice I didn’t even recognize. 
She cunningly smiled back at me before she positioned herself on top of me, facing away instead of toward, I immediately leaned forward to make the lounger sit up.
The sensation of Ysabelle’s pussy sliding down my shaft was ecstasy in itself. 
She rested her hands on my thighs before rolling forward and backwards with her hips. Watching her ass bounce was fucking phenomenal. I was never a fan of anal anything, with Ysabelle I wanted it and I wanted it bad. I played with her clit until my fingers were soaked in her come, and then I lubed up the pucker of her ass until she moaned in delight. 
“That feel good, my girl? You want me to play with your ass?”
I pushed forward little by little until my first knuckle was in and then I pushed a second finger in till my fingers easily flowed in and out. My girl loved it and it made her pussy even fucking tighter. I reached around with my other hand and proceeded to play with her clit. 
“Your pussy is gripping my cock, you were made for me, you know that? You are mine, Ysa; I’m never letting you go. You’re my girl,” I possessively declared. 
Ysabelle was going fucking wild with her noises and movements; I wouldn’t be surprised if security was called. I didn’t give a shit though; watching her take pleasure with such relinquishment was unbelievable. 
“Oh my God, Sebastian, I’m going to come, come with me. Please, come with me…” she moaned. 
Her hand moved to my balls and she started tugging and pulling, and fuck if it didn’t feel even more intense. Even though Ysabelle and I were fucking, it still felt like making love. Once her pussy constricted on my cock it allowed my fingers to effortlessly push all the way in. Within seconds, we were both panting and moaning until neither one of us could take it anymore. We both came hard and together.
It was nirvana.




































Chapter 22

<>*<>Y<>*<>

Words cannot describe the night we spent together. We talked, laughed, made love an endless amount of times, and watched the sun come up together. It was paradise. Everything I could have hoped and wished for, and I never wanted it to end. I wanted to stay in our little bubble we created forever. 
We spent the rest of the weekend in bed, watching movies, football, and completely enamored with one another. The Molly had only intensified our feelings for one another; I hadn’t expected the effect to be that profound. When Sunday came, I found myself getting teary eyed that he was leaving me. 
I knew where he was going and why he had to leave, and I just hated it. I wish I had the courage to tell him this was done, because my heart was becoming overly emotionally invested, but I couldn’t do it, even if I wanted to. 
So when he left me to return to his family, I stayed in our bed that we made love in numerous times for the rest of the day before checking out of the hotel. Once I went home, I laid in my own bed in a bottomless depression; I couldn’t even shower because I wanted his smell on me.
It was actually quite pathetic. I wanted to talk to him and text him badly, I knew I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t risk him being around his wife and I knew if she found out, it would be over. I wasn’t being naïve thinking that he would choose me over her, and I didn’t want to have to give him a reason to. 
The only thing I had when we weren’t together were the pictures I had started taking of us. I had taken several now and I loved being able to look back on the memory, it made me feel like he was still with me. 
It was a day and a half later that I finally made myself take a shower; I came out into the kitchen and nearly dropped my towel.
“What the hell, Madam,” I said with my hand on my chest, “you scared the shit out of me. Can’t you knock?’ 
“Since when have I ever had to knock, Bella Rosa?” she said with an edge to her tone. 
“I don’t know…never mind. What’s up?” I questioned, walking over to my fridge to grab some water. My hair swayed as I reached for a bottle of water on the bottom shelf of my fridge.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Madam lunge at me and I suddenly backed up, she forcefully grabbed my arm making me stop dead in my tracks.
“What the fuck is that, Ysabelle?” she yelled. 
“What are you talking about, let go of me,” I demanded, “you’re hurting me.” 
“You let him fucking mark you!” she violently yelled.
Shaking my head in confusion, “What?”
She dragged me over to the mirror in my living room, never letting up on my arm and effortlessly turned me to see the purple marks all over the back of my neck. 
Fuck. 
I tried pulling myself away from her and it only made her hold me harder, she was going to bruise me. That’s not what I was worried about, the look on her face said she was ready to kill. I was walking on thin ice. 
“What the fuck are you doing, Ysabelle? What the hell is going on?” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Nothing is going on. Let go of me,” I urged.
“This is complete bullshit. You NEVER let a client mark you. You aren’t someone’s Goddamn property,” she yelled, tightening her hold more. 
“Really, Madam? Not even yours?” She pushed me with such force that I fell right to the ground on my ass.  
“You ungrateful child,” she spewed, looking at me with disgust.
“I’m not a child,” I angrily responded.
“Oh really, Ysabelle, then why the fuck are you acting like one? Have I taught you nothing? You have been with an infinite number of men and not ever have I had to worry about you. I made you who you are, remember that. Where is your loyalty? You’re going to lose it…for a fucking married man!” she irately shouted.
“You know what your boyfriend does when you’re not around? He makes love to his wife, he tells her he can’t live without her, and that he loves her. You know what you are? You’re his whore! That’s what he’s paying for, that’s what he wants from you. And you’re handing him your heart on a GODDAMN silver platter.” 
She shook her head, “You stupid, stupid girl…you know nothing.” 
I wanted to say something, anything, I couldn’t find the words. Everything she was saying was true. There was no argument. I just sat there in silence letting her tell me everything that my mind and conscience already knew. 
She extended her hand to me and I took it, after I was standing she helped me put my hair and towel back in place, and then she pulled me into a hug.
“Bella Rosa… my darling girl… don’t let this be the end of you. Do you understand me?” she whispered.
“Yes,” I quietly replied. 
She kissed me on the cheek and left my apartment. 
I looked around my apartment, blowing out a puff of air. What the hell was I doing? I had it made. I loved my life, and Madam was right, I was a very stupid girl. I was letting a man fuck up my life. I had to stop this, and just thinking about it tugged at my heart. I couldn’t lose Madam, she was the only family I had. I would be alone without her, completely alone. 
I grabbed the Grey Goose from my liquor cabinet and drank it straight out of the bottle. It burned the entire way down. I hadn’t heard from Sebastian in almost two days, I needed to get a hold of him. I needed to stop this and the insanity that came with it. It wasn’t fair to either of us. 
I took a couple more swigs of the bottle until I finally felt the effects; my belly was warm and my mind was numb. I sat on my couch, staring off into the black screen of my TV that was off. I don’t know how long I stayed there wallowing in my own self-pity, that is until I heard the familiar ding of my phone coming from the kitchen counter. 
I took a deep breath, walked over to it, and swiped over the locked screen. 

S – How’s my girl?
Lovely. 
Y – You marked me…
S – I have no idea what you’re talking about. ;-)
Y – Sebastian…
S – They’re not marks they’re love bites. 
I didn’t say anything for several minutes, I didn’t know what to say. 
S – Are you upset? I got carried away. I’m sorry. 
I still didn’t say anything. 
S – Ysa…
I wanted to tell him to leave me alone and that this was over; I even started to type
it. 
S – I miss you. I need you. 
I deleted it all. 
Y – I miss you. Come over.
I didn’t even think before I sent it.
S – What?
Y – Come to my condo. 
S – Can I do that? 
No…I never did that. I had never had a man in my place other than Devon. 
Y – Yes. I need you.
S – I’ll be there as soon as I can. Text me the address.
And thus the fucked up love affair continued. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I should have been nervous about going to her condo, I had never been there, and I knew she was breaking some sort of rule or code. I wasn’t, I needed to see her. I couldn’t begin to describe how much I missed her; her smell, her smile, her laugh, her warmth, just her. 
I had told Julia that I was meeting with a client and would be home late. My lies were just spewing out of my mouth more and more, so much that I was having a hard time deciphering them from the truth. It was like the more I tried to not think about her, the more obsessed I became. 
I could tell as soon as she let me in that she had a lot weighing on her mind. I knew there were things she wanted to say to me. There were things that I probably should have said as well. We didn’t talk. She buried her face in my chest the moment she saw me. I knew that wasn’t what she had planned, Ysabelle wasn’t like that. She didn’t wear her emotions on her sleeve; she was an “in the moment” type of woman. 
I could tell she was fighting demons that she’d never been up against. I knew in my heart that I was the reason, I should have let her go, I should have ended it, but I couldn’t. There was no fucking way I could give her up and survive. I had no clue how much longer we could both go on like this, but I would take every opportunity to be with her, that would come. 
There was no being without Ysabelle…
That only left one other option…
And I didn’t know if I could do that either. 
I kneaded her hair, closed my eyes, and relished her being in my arms. I was so profoundly in love with this woman I couldn’t see straight had my life depended on it. I held her chin and made her look up to me.
“You okay?” I asked, softly kissing her lips.
She took a deep breath, and hugged me tighter. 
“Sebastian…why am I not seeing other clients?” I froze at the question and she felt it. 
“I’ve only been seeing you for…I’ve lost track of time. I haven’t been with anyone else and I have a feeling it’s because of you. What are you doing?” 
I walked us over to her couch and she scooted in my lap. 
“I’ve been buying all your time, Ysa.” 
She gasped, “Oh my God, Sebastian! That must be costing you a fortune.” 
I looked deep into her eyes, “You’re worth it.” 
Her eyes widened as she abruptly stood up and started pacing with her hands in her hair. “This is so fucked up!” she kept repeating. 
“This is beyond fucked up. That’s why Madam is losing her shit. She knows, Sebastian,” she shouted at me.
I stood and grabbed her arms, “Ysabelle, you’re babbling, what are you talking about?” 
She moved to stand away from me. “This Sebastian!” she yelled, pointing to her and then me. “Whatever the hell this is, she knows. Shit. I thought maybe you were buying some of my time, or fuck I don’t know, maybe it was down season or something. I never imagined that you were paying to have me not work.” 
I tried to step toward her but she put her hand up in a stopping motion, “What were you thinking?” 
I pushed my hands through my hair and inhaled. “I don’t know, Ysa. I just…fuck. The thought of someone else’s hands on you…the mere idea of you being with someone else drives me fucking crazy. I feel like I could kill whoever would touch you.” 
She put her hand on her chest, “Do you have any idea how absurd that sounds? Jesus Christ, Sebastian, you’re fucking married and I am a VIP. This is what I do for a living! You pay for me…do you not get that?” 
“Yes, Ysabelle, I’m fully aware of what I am and what you are; that doesn’t make it any less real that I don’t want anyone else fucking TOUCHING YOU!” I yelled. 
“Oh my God. I need to know now, Sebastian; I need to know right fucking now…what the hell is going on? What do you think is going to happen here? That we're going to ride off into the sunset with your wife and kid in the back seat? Huh?”
“That was low, Ysabelle.”
“Really? Because from over here, it sounds like the damn truth.” 
“Stop,” I demanded, “Just …just stop. I can’t walk away from you any more than you can walk away from me. We’re in this limbo right now, but Goddamn it we’re in it together, and I will not lose you. Do you hear me? I will not fucking let you go.” 
“What if it’s not your choice?” she threatened. 
I cocked my head to the side, “What are you implying, Ysa?”
“FUCK! I don’t know. I don’t know anything anymore. I’m just as screwed up as you are. But here we are…” she said, walking over to me. 
She grabbed the sides of my face and lightly kissed me, “You have to let me do what I do, Sebastian. No more buying my time,” she whispered, as if she didn’t want to be saying it.
“That’s not going to fucking happen,” I reminded her, slapping her ass and carrying her up toward me, she immediately wrapped her legs around my waist.
“Where?” 
“Back room, that way,” she eagerly panted. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


We got to my room and passionately devoured each other’s bodies, not taking our time. We weren’t soft, sweet, or loving. We fucked each other with raw emotion and intense passion, both pissed and upset with each other for the turn of events. 
I couldn’t fathom what possessed him to think that what he was pulling wasn’t a double standard, he was allowed to go home to his wife and I wasn’t permitted to do my job. I took out all of my aggression on his body, scratching, biting, and pulling, and it was all reciprocated from him. I didn’t give a fuck that his wife might see the marks I was leaving.
After we were thoroughly done fucking each other, we laid there in a mass of pillows and blankets, panting, hardly breathing, and looking at the ceiling. 
“I know what I’m doing is screwed up, okay,” he revealed, breaking the silence.
“You don’t have to point it out, Ysa; there is no way in hell that you’re going to be VIPing when I can do something about it.” 
I turned sideways and placed my head on my hand. “You do know how much of a double standard you’re throwing at me, right?”
“Yes, Ysa, I’m aware of that.” 
I sighed in defeat, “Fine. You win.” 
His face turned to look at me, “There was never any question about it, my girl,” he affirmed in a cocky demeanor that both aggravated and turned me on. 
He left shortly after saying he wouldn’t be seeing me until next week, I didn’t ask why, I just kissed him and let him go home to his family. 


I spoke to Sebastian on and off throughout the week, sometimes over the phone, mostly via text. I had a lot of time on my hands now that I wasn’t working, my commission cuts were coming in weekly just as before. Madam hadn’t said a word to me about Sebastian, since our altercation in my condo. 
Madam was a business woman through and through; as long as she was getting paid, she didn’t care what I did or didn’t do with my time. I spent most of the week hanging out with the other girls when I could; none of them questioned me about what I had been doing lately, we didn’t have that kind of relationship with one another. We respected each other’s privacy and shared when we wanted to. We were still there for one another at the drop of a dime if needed. 
I was getting antsy not having anything to do, and come Saturday I needed to get out of my place. I decided to go to the beach. I called Devon to see if he wanted to meet me, but they were picking out baby furniture. 
I wore my black string bikini with a tan fedora and big bug sunglasses that took up half my face. I was reading on my iPad when a football landed at my feet. I looked around trying to see where it came from until I saw a little person running toward me. 
When he stopped next to me I noticed how familiar he looked. 
“Hey, little man, is this yours?” I asked.
“Yeah! Thanks.”
“Can you go long?” I said, tossing it in the air.
“Yeah!” he shouted, jumping up in the air. 
I got up as he ran off as fast as his little legs would let him. I tossed the ball in his direction and a familiar body intercepted it, he grabbed little boy’s hand and jogged over to me, I couldn’t help my smile. 
“Nice arm,” he said.
“Hello, stranger,” I replied. 
“Dad, who’s this?”
“I’m sorry, bud, this is my friend Ysabelle. Ysabelle, this is my son Christian.” 
I got down to his level and extended my hand, “Nice to meet you, Christian, you’re awfully cute, I’m sure you got lots of girls, huh?” 
“Yeah…I’m the man,” he replied, making Sebastian and I laugh. 
“I don’t know where he gets this stuff,” he said. 
“I do…what do they say, like father like son?” I chuckled while he rolled his eyes. 
“Ms. Ysabelle, do you want to play with us? It’s easier to play with three people and my mom isn’t here.” Christian chimed in. 
“You know what, I would love to play, but you’re going to have to take it easy on me; I’m a little rusty.” 
We went over to the back of the beach and tossed around the football for the next hour. Sebastian had brought a picnic for them and I tried to excuse myself, though Christian was very insistent that he wanted me to join them. He was small and already a charmer. 
We were eating sandwiches while Christian told me all about his baseball team and his friends at school. Sebastian kept looking over at me with a look of satisfaction on his face; I could tell he was a proud doting father. 
“Ms. Ysabelle, do you have any kids?” 
“No, Little Man, I don’t.” 
“How come?” 
I laughed at his openness; forgetting how inquisitive kids are. 
“In order to have kids, you have to have a husband, and I don’t have one of those.” 
“Really? You’re so pretty.” 
I laughed, “Well thank you.” 
“Dad, can I go play in the water?”
“Yeah, bud, just stay near the shallow part and not out of my sight.” He happily nodded and ran off. 
“He’s adorable.” 
“He’s a handful, but he’s a good kid,” he grinned. “It’s taking everything in my power not to go over there and kiss you, especially when you’re barely wearing anything.” 
I raised my eyebrows. “I never heard you complain before.” 
“I’m not complaining now, just stating the facts.” 
“You’re bad…” I reminded. 
Christian came back holding all sorts of shells he had found, and handed me a extremely bright one that he said was for me. It warmed my heart a little bit. Christian grabbed my hand, because he wanted me to help build a sandcastle, and we did. We were out there for most of the day until the sun started setting and Christian started falling asleep. 
We packed up our belongings and Sebastian carried Christian back to their car, where he immediately fell asleep. Sebastian and I went behind the car and he pulled me into a tight embrace. I kissed his chest and he kissed the top of my head. 
“I miss you so much, Ysa,” he whispered. 
“Me, too. When can I see you again?” 
“Sometime this week, I promise,” he said, looking down at me; I nodded. I hated that he was leaving me again to go home to his wife. 
I didn’t say anything, I never did, that’s not how we were. 
We said our goodbyes, and I walked over to my car, going home alone. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


It was an incredible surprise to see Ysabelle on the beach. I loved that Christian took to her as fast as I did; I guess she had a pull with all the Vanwell’s. The way she was around him was perfect, I found myself fantasizing what it would be like if it were always like that. That was by far the worst and most fucked up thing I had fantasized thus far. What the fuck was wrong with me?
Christian was enamored with her and she was with him. We never talk about the future; it was only recently that I learned about her past. I didn’t know if she wanted to get married and have a family of her own one day. We never discussed anything past the next time we were going to see each other. 
I drove home with Christian fast asleep in the back seat, contemplating my life. Everything, every last second of it was screwed up beyond belief. Every green light I passed, and every red light that I stopped at I felt ashamed of myself; the guilt was eating me alive. I’d just spent the day with my mistress and my son, Julia's son. 
If ever a son of a bitch existed, it was me. What the hell was I doing? What I was doing was irrelevant because I couldn't stop it. I knew with every fiber of my being, I couldn't stop.
For what seemed like months now all I wanted, all I craved was Ysabelle, every last bit of her, it was almost suffocating how much I wanted her, when I was and wasn’t around her. After what I just did, and the afternoon I spent, I wanted to go home, I wanted my Babygirl. 
I wanted to hold her and tell her that I loved her. I couldn’t believe I had just let that happen. I did not just let Christian spend the day with Ysabelle. As soon as I walked through the door with Christian in my arms I looked for Julia, I wanted my whole family together. I didn’t care that Christian was passed out, I wanted us all to lie together in bed and watch a movie. 
It took me a while to realize that she wasn’t even home. I made Christian wake up long enough to take a bath and eat some leftovers that Julia had cooked the night before. He ate about half and was out like a light on the couch. I didn’t put him to bed. I laid with him in my arms while I pretended to watch college football. 
It was close to 11 p.m. when Julia finally walked through the garage door. She looked exhausted, I wanted to make it better, I wanted to make everything better. 
“Babygirl,” I said, getting up and walking to her. 
“Hey, Sebby,” she said, kissing my cheek and walking away.
What the hell?
I followed the sound of her heels as she made her way over to the office and turned on her computer, she sat down and started pulling files out from the cabinet. I moved the files over as she placed each one on her desk. 
I tried picking her up to place her on the desk, “What are you doing?” she objected. 
“Trying to make love to my wife,” I tenderly said into her ear. 
“Sebastian, I don’t have time for this, I need to finish this case by Monday. I have a full night of work ahead of me before I need to go back into the office tomorrow,” she said, pushing me away from her like I was bothering her. 
“Julia, you’ve been working like crazy. I’ve barely seen you this last month.” 
“I’m sorry, Sebby, I’m a partner now, there’s more responsibility for me. You knew that.” 
“I thought maybe we could spend tomorrow together, as a family. Maybe go to the park or on the boat,” I suggested, trying to tempt her to spend time with me. 
“Maybe in the next few weeks, have some more man time with Christian tomorrow,” she stated, dismissing me. 
I put Christian to bed and went outside on our lanai and watched the stars. It was a beautiful night out; it reminded me of the night Ysabelle and I shared a week ago. 
I couldn’t help myself even if I wanted to. I grabbed my phone and texted her. 

S – Looking at the stars and thinking of you. 
Y – Me, too. 
S – Are you alone?
Y – What do you think? I’m always alone. 
I hated to have the thought of her by herself. I knew she lived in a guarded condo;
it still didn’t stop me from thinking she wasn’t safe. 
S – I wish I were there. 
Y – Me, too. Are you by yourself?
S – Yes. 
My phone dinged with a sent image message and I opened it to find Ysabelle
making a kissing face at me, it made me smile. 
Y – Now you’re not alone. :-)
S – You’re beautiful, do you have any idea how beautiful you are? 
Y – You’re not so bad yourself…
S – I’m going to see you soon, I promise. 
Y – I know. 
S – I miss my girl.
Y – I miss you, too. 
S – I’ll call you tomorrow. 
Y – Ok. Goodnight, Sebastian. 
S – Goodnight, Ysa. 

I did what I always did and deleted our conversation, although I really wanted to keep the picture. 
I looked at it one last time and deleted that, too. 




Chapter 23

<>*<>Y<>*<>

Five more months went by and it had become ten months of us playing house. We didn’t meet at the hotel anymore; he had already been spending more than enough money on me. He would come to my condo and every time he did, he brought me something. 
At first it was small things like flowers or candy, then he would leave t-shirts or boxers, that became other clothes and toiletries, soon after that he brought a pillow, sheets, and a blanket. Slowly my condo was becoming filled with more and more of his stuff, and I absolutely loved it. Even when he wasn’t here with me, a piece of him was. 
I even started wearing his clothes when I was alone or I’d sleep on his pillow or his side of the bed. I wouldn’t change my sheets for weeks, because I wanted the smell of him all around me, especially when I was sleeping. I was seeing him almost daily, even if it was only for a few minutes. He would come for lunch, or stop by on his way home, or on his way to work; he would also work from my condo and spend the day with me sometimes. 
My place became ours; I even gave him a key. Everywhere I looked I had a memory of him. Whether it was where we made love- which we christened everywhere, he was pretty insistent on that- or where he cooked me dinner, or made me laugh and smile. It was our haven and I breathed in those moments, and anticipated the ones to come. He told me how much he cared about me and how much he needed me. 
Neither of us had said we loved each other, it was beyond that. I didn’t need to hear the words to know that he did. Every action spoke louder than words. 
It was Sunday morning and I was still sleeping when I felt a warm body curl up next to me. I didn’t have to open my eyes to know who it was; I smiled in my half awakened state. 
“Hi lover,” I groggily said. 
“You’re always so warm, Ysa. I love that you sleep in my shirt, and on my pillow,” he mumbled into the side of my neck, making me giggle.
I laughed and pulled away from him to go use the bathroom. I came back to Sebastian sporting a huge smile and a red box with a big yellow bow on top of my bed.
“I got you something,” he beamed. 
“I see that. What is it?” 
“You have to open it and see, but first,” he grabbed my face and deeply kissed me, “there…much better. Now you can open it.” 
I lifted the lid, “OH MY GOD!” I shouted, “it’s a furry baby!” I reached for the German Sheppard puppy and brought him to my chest, kissing him all over. 
“Do you love him?” 
“It’s a boy?” He nodded, “Of course I love him, this is the best present ever, Sebastian.” 
“Good, I hate thinking of you by yourself when I’m not here. It’s not safe for you. He has all his first sets of shots, and I have all sorts of toys, food, and a bed for him out in the living room. There’s also a crate, he’s going to have to be crate trained when you’re not home, he’s going to have a lot of energy, and now you can have a running buddy.” 
“What’s his name?” I asked, putting him up in the air to look at his face.	
“Whatever you want it to be.” 
“Okay…I’m going to name him Chance,” I stated.
“Oh yeah…does that have a double meaning there, Ysa?” he said with a sexy as sin smile. 
“What do you think, huh? You like that name?” I ignored him and talked to the puppy in a baby voice. He woke up and I saw that he had bright blue eyes, they reminded me of Sebastian’s eyes, and it made me wonder if he did that on purpose. 
We played with Chance for the rest of the day and it was perfect. I knew I shouldn't be as happy as I was, it was all wrong, everything about us was wrong, but I was. I loved my time with him and I loved our puppy. He was such a pain, though he was something that Sebastian had given me, so I treasured Chance all the more. 
He wanted to protect me, which was more than I knew how to handle. Somebody actually wanted to protect me, Sebastian did and said things that no one ever had. He became everything to me. I couldn’t think about what would happen to me when this came to an end…
It had to come to an end right?


<>*<>S<>*<>

	
I wasn’t planning on seeing Ysabelle at all. I was going to stay in my office and get caught up on emails, phone calls, and quotes. My plans seemed to change quicker than the climate. I smiled as I called her. 
“How’s my girl?”
“Eh. What are you doing?”
“Um, working or trying to. What are you doing?”
“Not working, thanks to you. Meet me for lunch. I’m close to your building.”
 I looked at the time in the corner of my computer. It was lunchtime.
“You already know I can’t say no to you.”
“Yeah, that’s why I’m asking,” she admitted. I could see the smirk on her face, and it made me smile.
“Where would you like for me to meet you, my conniving girl?”
“Meet me at the park, we’ll eat outside. Lunch is on me. 
“Okay, I’ll see you in thirty minutes.”
“I’ll be the one in white,” she teased.
“You’re wearing white?”
“No, black; I just wanted to say that, see you in a few.”
I walked down the sidewalk and across the road to the park where she was already sitting, smiling as some kids threw coins into the fountain. She was wearing black. Damn she looked delicious. I didn’t want lunch anymore. I wanted her. She was such a little conspirator; she knew I was watching with a watering mouth when she crossed her legs, giving me a quick peak at her perfect tan pussy.
I professionally walked up to her and kissed her on the cheek. “Hi, Sebastian,” she whispered, playing the role too.
“You expect me to sit across from you and eat, knowing you have no panties on under that dress?” I couldn’t do it. I was already half erect. Jesus. She smiled and sat down.
We sat, drinking and eating. We made small talk and people watched. She told me about being furious with Chance for chewing up a $1,500 pair of shoes, getting loose and running from her at the beach, and stepping on his water bowl, soaking another expensive pair of shoes.
“So you hate Chance?”
“No way, I love him. He’s just driving me crazy with this puppy stage. How long does it take before he’ll stop chewing everything up?”
“Do you leave his toys out where he can get to them?” I asked. She gave me a tilt and a frown. Which meant that I was insulting her intelligence. “Christian’s dog hasn’t grown out of it yet and he’s almost a year old,” I added.
“Oh my God!” she exclaimed.
I still couldn’t get over how easy she was to talk to. We talked and laughed like, well, like Julia and I should, I guess. Julia and I hardly talked at all anymore. When she was there she was busy, not that I’m using her career as an excuse to do what I was doing. I guess it just made it a little easier to hide from her.
I wanted to take her hand and walk through the park and around the fountain with her. God, I wished things were different. I slid my hands inside my slacks to keep from touching her.
“Here,” I said, pulling a quarter from my pocket and handing it to her. She smiled, ran her soft thumb over the back of my hand and took it.
“You have to make a wish too,” she urged.
I took my quarter and waited for her to count to three. They both dropped at precisely the same moment.
“You going to tell me?” I asked while she looked sad. I kind of had a feeling of what she had wished for.
“It won’t come true if I tell you.”
“I’ll tell you,” I countered.
“Yours can’t come true either, Sebastian.”
“I think it can,” 
Her eyebrows raised, “What?”
“I wished for you to be happy.”
She smiled a warm half smile. “Thank you.”
“You have to tell me now, I told you.”
“I wished that I could stop wanting you.”
 God, I wanted to grab her and pull her into my arms. I couldn’t. I could never pull Ysabelle into my arms without being behind closed doors. I fucking hated it.
“I can take the rest of the day off,” I offered, sensing her need to be near me.
She patted my chest. “No, I’m fine. Go back to work and call me later,” she called, walking away from me.
I took four long strides and was walking backwards in front of her before she could get out of the park.
“What’s going on, Ysa?” I asked.
“Nothing, Sebastian, I’m fine. I promise. It’s not you, it’s me. I just forget who we are sometimes. Don’t worry about it, okay? I’ve got to go, I’m meeting Brooke at the gym,” she lied.
I could tell she was lying. She was trying to get away from me. I got it, but I didn’t want to get it. I knew exactly how she felt. I felt it, too. She walked away from me, and I sprinted the two blocks to my car, hoping she didn’t get too far.
She was walking down the sidewalk with her head down when I pulled to the curb and tapped the horn. She looked up and our eyes told the rest.
“Get in,” I demanded, she smiled and got into my car. We never discussed what that was all about, and quickly went back to Sebastian and Ysabelle, laughing and being silly. That’s what we did together. We lived in the moment and I loved it.
I hadn’t planned on keeping her or myself out after dark. That was another thing with Ysabelle. Time stood still with her. We spent the day driving. Driving on roads that I never knew existed, even being a native. We got lost several times, laughing, and losing bets on who was right and who was wrong on the correct directions back to the highway.
“Keep going,” she requested when I pulled up to her condo.
“Keep going where?”
“Just drive,” she ordered. 
“Turn.”
“In the parking garage?”
“Yes turn, Sebastian.”
I took a deep breath and turned.
“Keep going,” she stated.
“You know we could have just went into your condo.”
“Park right here.”
“Ysabelle, we’re not teenagers.”
“Scoot your seat back, Sebastian.”
I scooted my seat back, already standing fully erect. She reached over my lap and pushed the power button, reclining my seat and unbuckling my seatbelt. Looking into my eyes, she freed my cock with her hand.
Ysabelle seductively moved to straddle me. I raised her dress, sliding it up with my hands, and watched as she sat on my shaft, inch by inch moving it into her. Fuck. This woman was amazing and full of surprises. We could have very easily have been doing this safely inside her home. Not Ysabelle. It was fucking hot as hell, no foreplay, nothing kinky, just risky and precarious.
I raised up and kissed her, devouring her mouth while she slid up and down my cock, moaning in some sort of incendiary rapture that was causing me to want to fill her with my come. It was quick, I’d say no more than fifteen minutes tops, but fifteen minutes I’d never forget.
“Goodnight, Sebastian,” she said, kissing my lips before getting out and heading into her building.
“Hey!” I called, rolling down the passenger window before she got too far. She stopped and turned back to me.
“You’re crazy. You do know that right?” I smiled. She smiled, and I fucking loved it.	
 “Goodnight, Ysa.”


<>*<>Y<>*<>

	
Before I knew it, two more months had gone by with more of the same. We were just getting closer with each day that went by. I spent my time alone with Chance, sometimes with Brooke and the girls, and when he could, of course Sebastian. I woke one morning, excited to read his “good morning beautiful” text, knowing as soon as I sat up something was off. My head pounded, my throat felt raw, my eyes were watering, and my body felt like it weighed 200 pounds. 
I could barely sit up without feeling like something was broken. My entire body ached, my skin hurt, and my stomach curdled. I was going to be sick, I wasn’t sure I could move. I wouldn’t have, had I not felt the lump slowly move from my stomach to my throat, warning me to get up and make it to the bathroom. 
I bolted toward my bathroom, holding my hand over my mouth, afraid of something nasty spewing out. I made it just in time, depositing the revolting waste into the toilet. I had chills one minute, and was wiping sweat away the next. It was disgusting, I couldn’t even brush the foul taste from my mouth. I quickly rinsed, cupping the water in my hand and spitting it couple times before going straight back to my bed. 
Chance was whining because he had to go outside, it was almost 9 a.m. and I hadn’t let him out yet. I couldn’t get up to do it. It was all I could do to stretch my arm enough to reach my phone on my nightstand.

S – Good morning, gorgeous. 
Y – I beg to differ.
S – What’s wrong?
Y – I don’t know, I think I’m dying.
S – What?
Y – I can’t text right now, Sebastian, I’ll talk to you later.
S – I’m coming over.
Y – NO! I’m fine. I will talk to you later. Promise. XO
S – Ysa???
S – Ysabelle??
S – You have to answer me. What do you mean you’re dying? Are you sick?
S – Goddamn it Ysa!!! Answer me.

I knew I heard the door open, well I thought I did. I raised my head, thinking I heard noises from the other room, I dropped it back to my pillow rather quick like. I was dying. I dozed back into a sick coma, freezing, curled into a fetal position, and wishing I had the energy to cover up. I was wearing a camisole and booty shorts, no wonder I was bitter cold. I wanted covers. I could feel my body shivering, but I honestly couldn’t even move to do that, not even an arm. 
Someone kissed my forehead. I smiled. I knew those lips and that scent. 
“You’re burning up, Ysa,” he whispered to my forehead.
“I’m not, Sebastian, I’m freezing,” I assured him, unable to open my eyes. Fuck. I didn’t think I had ever been that sick in my life. 
“Come on, let me lift you off the covers,” he coaxed, pulling me up by my arm. It was his fault. He shouldn’t have made me sit up. My head dropped and before I knew it I was spewing indescribable bile. It might not have been so bad had it been a little. It wasn’t, and it wouldn’t stop. I couldn’t hold it in. I have no idea what expression was on Sebastian’s face. I was afraid to look. 
Sebastian let me plop back to my pillow and I moaned, “I’m so sorry.”  
God, I really was dying. I watched him walk to the bathroom through slits in my eyes, crouched over; trying to lessen the mess I was sure. I heard the water running in the tub and groaned again. Surely he wasn’t going to make me get up and get in there. I couldn’t do it. He did. He walked back out in his boxers and picked me up.
“Sebastian, I can’t,” I complained. I really couldn’t. I would pass out or something bad if I tried to stand.
“It’s okay, Ysa, I got you, don’t worry about anything, I’m here now.” 
He sat us in the tub and I screamed bloody murder trying to claw my way out of his hold, the water was beyond freezing. 
“Ysa, calm down…it’s not that cold. We have to try to break the fever,” he assured me, trying to sooth my panic. He washed me first, getting the vomit off us and then drizzled water from a cloth on my body as best as he could.
After what seemed like hours he finally wrapped me in a towel, dried me off, and then changed me into sweats, a t-shirt, and a sweater. I briefly remember being set on my ottoman in my bedroom while I watched him change my sheets, and then everything went black. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Shit! I had no idea what the hell I was going to do. The bath didn’t break her fever at all and it just got worse, she was burning up. I needed to take her to the emergency room or call 911, but I had no information about her insurance and I couldn’t leave her alone to get medicine. 
I reached for my phone and called the only person I knew who might be able to help.
“Madam’s Residence.” 
“Yes, Madam please.” 
“I’m sorry, Madam isn’t here at-” I hung up before he even finished. 
Damn it! Now what was I going to do. I didn’t have her cell phone number, but as if a sign from God himself, I saw Ysabelle’s cell phone on the nightstand and grabbed it. 
I pushed the locked screen and smiled at the picture of Ysabelle and I before I quickly went through her contacts and found Madam.
“Bella Rosa,” she answered.
“This is Sebastian,” I replied. There was no response on the other end. 
“Listen, I’m really sorry that I’m calling you. Ysabelle is burning up, I tried to break her fever and it’s getting worse.”
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes,” she replied and hung up.
I went back to Ysabelle’s room holding her, while running a wet washcloth on her forehead. I never felt so incredibly helpless in all my life just watching her moan in pain. 
I heard the front door open and two voices talking before I heard footsteps walking my way, an older man that appeared to be a doctor walked in. 
“Please step away from her,” he said. 
I kissed her burning forehead and moved away. He took out every instrument imaginable from his bag, and I felt as though he brought the emergency room with him. I watched him work on her until I couldn’t take it anymore.
“Is she going to be all right?” 
He didn’t answer and finished examining Ysabelle before he finally said to follow him out to the living room. I shut the door with Chance by Ysabelle’s side. We walked out to find Madam on her phone; she hung up as soon as she saw us.  
 “Ysabelle has pneumonia. I got here just in time so there will be no need for hospitalization, someone will need to stay with her for the next few days, she won’t be able to fend for herself. Here’s the list of things that I have written down that need to be taken care of in order for her to heal,” he said, handing Madam the paper. 
“I gave her shots for right now and they will have her out for most of the day; I called in the medication and antibiotics, someone will need to pick them up.” Madam nodded and handed him an envelope. He shook her hand and left without even looking in my direction. The son of a bitch acted as if I wasn’t even in the room the entire time he was here.  
Madam turned to me, finally acknowledging me, “You can go now,” she demanded. 
“Excuse me?” I remarked. 
Did she really think I was going to leave? 
I could see it in her eyes, Madam was ready to have it out. She had no idea who she was about to go toe to toe with.
“I’m here now, Mr. Vanwell, you’re excused.” 
I shook my head, “I’m not leaving.” 
“Oh really…” she mocked, “and what is it exactly that you will be telling your wife? You’re held up with your whore?” 
“First off, Ysabelle isn’t my whore; and second of all, you will need to call the cops to get me to leave and even then I’d like to see them try,” I declared. 
“You amaze me. Aren’t the lies getting a little much, I mean how stupid can your wife be that she hasn’t caught on to your little discretion yet? How much longer do you possibly expect this to continue?” 
“I don’t have to explain myself to you.” 
“No, darling, you don’t. Ysabelle isn’t as strong as she lets on; who do you think will be here to pick up the pieces when she’s no longer of use to you? I will! I have been here since the beginning, I have made her who she is, and I am not about to see someone with a midlife crisis take her away from me, do you understand me? I have let this go on long enough.”
“All that matters to you, Madam, is if the credit card clears. If you truly cared about her you would have never let her sell herself to these so called gentlemen that do nothing but use and abuse her,” I angrily replied. 
She cocked her head back in laughter, “And you think you’re any fucking different Sebastian, what the hell do you think you’re doing? You’re nothing but another man having an affair on the woman he has a child with. What? You didn’t think I knew…I know everything about the men that are with my girls,” she shouted, stepping closer to me.
“You think you’re the first man that has fallen for one of my VIPs? MY girls are the epitome of class and beauty, that’s why I choose them. Don’t think for one fucking minute that you’re any different than my so called gentlemen, as you so call them.” 
“Ysabelle matters to me, I care about her more than she’ll ever even know. You know nothing about our situation.” 
“Okay…I’m game. Leave your wife, Sebastian. Tell her and choose Ysabelle and I will happily release her to you,” she taunted. 
“What’s the matter, Sebastian? Can’t come up with any excuses fast enough? I love Ysabelle like she was my own. Are you aware that she’s in love with you? That if you asked her, she would give this all up for you? I love her, but rules are rules. She can ask to be released anytime, and it would never occur to her to want to walk away from this, until she fell in love with you. 
“If she didn’t want you to be paying for her time then she would be working and you would have no say in the matter. I’m letting this continue because she hasn’t said one Goddamn thing about it. I’m not a monster, although, I am a business woman…in that sense you are right, I’m still fucking getting paid.” 
I wanted to say so many things, I was at a loss for words. 
“Where’s your wife, Sebastian? I have been in this game longer than you have even been alive. You love your wife; I can even see it now while you’re standing here in your mistress’s home. It doesn’t matter which way you paint it…Ysabelle’s the other woman; she will always be the other woman. Now what you have to ask yourself is how you’re going to end it,” she cautioned. 
“You’re wrong. I love her too. I fucking love her too. Don’t for one second think that I don’t. I know what I’m doing is wrong in so many ways, I don’t need you to remind me, I remind myself every day when I’m standing in front of the mirror.
“I do love my wife and I love my son, but what I share with Ysabelle surpasses anything that I’ve ever experienced with anyone, and that includes my wife. I’m at a loss, I have no fucking idea which way is up anymore. When I think about not seeing her beautiful face every day it destroys me. Call me whatever you want, but that doesn’t change the fact that I can’t walk away from her, no more than she can walk away from me.” 
We stayed there in a staring match before she finally broke the silence, “I have a nurse coming this evening, you have until then. I imagine that’s enough time.” 
“I want to stay here the entire time, Madam.” 
“I am not a marriage counselor, Sebastian, but you’re already rocking the fucking boat; how about we keep it in shallow water,” she said in an annoyed tone while grabbing her purse. “I’ll let myself out. Give Ysabelle my love and let her know I’ll be stopping by tomorrow.” 
I went back to Ysabelle’s room and found Chance sleeping right beside her, I grabbed her and curled her to my body, and she didn’t even stir. 
I laid there with her all day, contemplating everything that Madam had said; I knew she was one hundred percent correct. Ysabelle deserved better, someone to love and cherish her every day of her life, not just someone who would come to her when they had time. 
Ysabelle was sick, I mean really sick. The nurse came by with all her medication and instructions on what needed to be done. I followed everything to a T. It was getting around the time that Julia would expect me home. I couldn’t leave her though, I needed to stay with her even if it were only for one night. 
I grabbed Chance and took him out for a walk and to call Julia.
“Hey, Sebby, you on your way home?”
“I’ve actually got to meet with a client later tonight, he wants to try the yacht out for night fishing before he considers buying it,” I nonchalantly lied. 
“Oh, all right. Is it a big deal?” 
“It’s important.” 
“Okay, I have to work late tomorrow. I’ll have my mom get Christian. What time do you think you will be home?” 
“Later, I have a lot that needs to get done this week before the weekend.” 
“Yeah, me too. I miss you, Sebby, how about we do a family day Sunday?”
“Perfect, I’ll call you in the morning. We will be offshore, I don’t know how well my reception will be. If I can I’ll call before Christian goes to sleep.” 
“Okay, I love you, be safe.
“Me too.” 
I went back to Ysabelle and she was laying in fetal position, looking deep in thought. 
“You’re up,” I announced.
“You’re here. I thought I dreamt it all,” she whispered, smiling at me. 
“Of course, there’s nowhere else I’d rather be.” 
“I puked on you.” 
I laid next to her, reaching for her, “Yeah…on yourself, the bed, and a little on the floor, too,” I said, kissing her forehead, her fever had gone down some but she was still burning up. 
“I have to pee,” she bashfully expressed. “I need help, it hurts to move.” 
I carried her to the bathroom and kissed her forehead as I slid her down my body in front of the toilet. She snickered a little when I placed my fingers in the elastic of her sweats. I held onto her as her muscles trembled, lowering her to sit. She was swaying helplessly, I had her lean on me to steady herself.
“I can’t do it. I have stage fright,” she giggled. I laughed, leaning for the faucet to turn it on.
After she was done I carried her back to bed, and spoon-fed her some soup. She only ate a couple of bites before she said it was making her nauseous. I gave her the medicine and she was out within five minutes. 
We didn’t talk at all; she was in and out of consciousness the entire evening and night. Her body would alternate between hot and cold sweats throughout the night, and she threw up a few more times. It had only been a day and I could already tell she was losing weight. 
She was fragile and moaned anytime I tried to comfort her. Getting her to drink fluids was a task, because she couldn’t keep it down, and the medication just made her sleep. I had never seen an illness take a person down like that. 
The next day was much of the same. I felt awful for her. I didn’t want to leave, I just wanted to stay there taking care of her, I didn’t have any other choice. I waited for the nurse to arrive before I tried to tell Ysabelle that I had to go home. 
She was asleep and only smiled with sleepy, pouty lips. I brushed her hair from her face, leaving her to sleep. I didn't want to go, nonetheless, I had obligations that took precedence over my love affair. I turned back one more time, smiled a weak smile to my Sleeping Beauty, and left her in the hands of the nurse.








Chapter 24

<>*<>Y<>*<>

I had never been sick like that in my entire life. I vaguely remember the first few days. I know Sebastian was with me and had to leave to go back to his real life. I don’t know if it was the medication or the illness that was making me think about what a mess I had put myself in. 
After he left to go back home, a nurse Madam provided for me stayed the duration of my illness, she was nice and helped me when needed; it wasn’t the same, I wanted Sebastian. I couldn’t have Sebastian and for the first time in this whole fucked up situation, I was resentful and angry. 
I realized that I would never truly have him. I never thought I’d see the day where I would finally open my eyes and feel like his whore. The day had come and it left a bitter taste in my mouth and especially in my heart. 
Sebastian would never be there for me like I would need him, I certainly did not imagine that I would find myself in a place where I wanted to rely on a man, and I did. I wanted Sebastian to be that man for me. 
I wanted the fairy tale and the happy ending. I wanted to be rescued. 
It was a waterfall of emotions when I finally admitted it to myself. I just didn’t know what I was going to do about it. 
Sunday came and my nurse was excused, I was able to take care of myself and I was starting to feel like a normal person again. Chance was a trooper throughout all of it, always staying by my side, filling me with love and affection. I decided that I had seen the inside of my bedroom for far too long.
I put on a top and cotton shorts with my Nikes, and Googled “dog parks”. It was such a beautiful day, the sun was warm and not scorching like I was accustomed to. I smiled at several people, as my new best friend and I walked along Haulover Dog Park. I couldn’t shake the feeling of betrayal. It was ridiculous, I had gotten myself into this mess. I shook my head trying to brush off the feelings that I couldn't change and walked my dog, who was very happy to be out and about.
I sat on my blanket, unleashed Chance, and pulled out the tennis ball from my bag throwing it as far as I could. Chance ran right after it with the same amount of energy each time, by the tenth time he got distracted by this female Collie, and it was goodbye Mom and ball. 
Men. 
I ran to go get the ball myself, once it was in my hand I looked for where Chance had run off to. 
As I was looking through the park, I saw him and my heart literally stopped. My whole world seemed to come crashing down on me in a matter of seconds. Everything I thought I knew, everything I wanted to believe, all of it…gone. 
There he was right in front of my very own eyes, it was Sebastian…with his family. His son was on his shoulders and his wife was curled up under his arm and they looked like the picture perfect family. 
I had imagined this in my mind numerous times, what they all looked like together, it never took an ounce of comparison to what I was seeing. They were a family. I could feel the love and devotion to each other from hundreds of feet away. Crawling and etching its way under my skin and into my bloodstream. 
And then it hit me like a ton of fucking bricks. 
I’ll never be the one he lays next to every night… 
I’ll never be the one that he makes love to time after time…
I’ll never be the one he plans a future with…
I’ll never be the one he grows old with…
I’ll never be the one he comes home to… 
And I’ll never be the one that he says “I love you” to…
I’m the whore, the escort, the mistress, the prostitute; it doesn’t matter what way you say it…I’m the other fucking woman. I’ll always be second place.
I stayed there like that, lost in the zone of seeing the man that owned my heart, with the family that owned his. 
I had seen families before, the easiness and carefree-ness of it all. The fact of knowing that you belong somewhere and with someone, the unspoken promises and support. I had wished for a family like that of my own. A family like Sebastian’s. 
The laughing, the smiling, the playing, and the unity of what they were. It was as if I was watching a train wreck and I fucking knew I needed to stop watching, but I couldn’t tear my eyes away. I couldn’t move from the spot I was standing in. The feelings I experienced hurt so bad, like someone was taking a knife and jabbing me over and over again. 
I couldn’t fucking move. 
I was punishing myself for being stupid, for letting my guard down, for letting someone in. I should have known better. 
And in that moment I truly wanted to die. It was too late, because I was dying…I was no longer Ysa…I was Ysabelle. 
I should have seen it coming, I didn’t. God had a funny way of making me that day’s entertainment. I saw little man running toward me. 
“Ms. Ysabelle!” he yelled for the entire park to turn and look. “Hi! You have a dog? I have a dog, too! He’s over there,” he explained with a cheerful bright smile. I don’t know what came over me; I crouched down to his level, and pulled him into a hug. I just wanted to feel a piece of Sebastian, because I knew that it was over. 
The game.
The charade.
The affair. 
His little body and arms curled around my neck just like his father’s had done so many times, he smelled just like him. 
I whispered “I love you” just enough for me to hear, and kissed his cheek. I pulled away from him and his face showed concern.
God he looked so much like his father. 
“Why are you crying?” he sadly asked. 
“They’re happy tears,” I replied, wiping them away with the back of my hand. I stood up and saw a woman running toward us with Sebastian right behind her. 
“Christian! You cannot runaway like that,” she said to her son not even looking at me; she didn’t have to because Sebastian’s face said it all. 
“It’s all right, this is my friend, Ms. Ysabelle.” 
“Oh,” she said, standing up to greet me. 
Her face turned pale, “Oh, my God.” 
Sebastian looked back and forth between her and I, showing concern for I didn’t know whom. 
“I’m so sorry. I don’t mean to be staring, but wow…you look just like her.” 
“Excuse me?” I knew who she was talking about. The reason why Sebastian had wanted me.  
“Julia,” he finally said. 
“I’m sorry, Sebby, just look at her. Do you know this woman?” she questioned.
“Yeah, Mom, she’s Dad’s friend, we played at the beach.” I could see Sebastian’s Adams apple move and the distress all over his face. I should have exposed him, all the lies, the secrets, and the infidelity. I wanted to hurt him; I wanted him to hurt just like I was. 
I couldn’t do it.
I was a woman in love. 
“Yes, I know your husband through my husband. We bought a yacht a few months ago,” I lied, putting my left hand in my shorts. 
“You said you weren’t married.” Christian chimed in. 
“Buddy…I think you got it wrong. Ms. Ysabelle is married to a client of mine.” 
Christian cocked his head to the side as if challenging out the lie, and then abruptly shrugged his shoulders. I saw Sebastian breathe out air in relief, before he scooped him in his arms to pick him up. 
“Right…well I’m sorry for all this. I didn’t mean to intrude on your family time,” I said with a weak smile. 
“No, I apologize for the third degree. Christian gets excited when he sees people he knows. He’s a social butterfly,” she calmly stated. “I’m Sebastian’s wife Julia, it’s nice to meet you,” she said, extending out her hand to shake mine. I did, taking in her beauty. She was lovely, exactly who I would picture Sebastian to be with. 
“Ysabelle.” 
“Well, Ysabelle, I apologize for my abruptness, it’s just you look like someone who was very dear to me.” 
Staring right at Sebastian, “No worries, I actually get that a lot,” I reminded him. To which Sebastian closed his eyes like I had hurt him. 
“It was nice meeting you, I’m going to go find my dog. He seems to have wandered off,” I nervously laughed. 
“Okay.” Sebastian finally spoke looking right at me. 
I walked away from the man I loved that day. Now all that was left was to let him know. 


I was in bed when I got his text later that day.

S – I’m so sorry, Ysa. 
Y – Mmm hmm.
S – I don’t even know what to say or do to make this better. I promise you that I will do anything in my power to make that happen.
You can’t. 
Y – Yep. 
S – Don’t shut me out, please talk to me. I don’t care what it is just talk to me. 
Y – Ok, can I see you tomorrow?
S – Of course I will be there before work. I can’t wait to hold you. I miss you so much.
Y – :-)
S – Sweet dreams, my girl.
I didn’t reply. 
I got out of bed went and grabbed the boxes I had purchased that afternoon. It was time to clean house. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


I laid awake for the longest time with my wife in my arms, staring at the blank ceiling and feeling like shit. I couldn't believe I was stupid enough to let Julia and Ysabelle run face to face into each other. I ran my finger up and down Julia's arm while she slept nestled to my chest. I'm pretty sure besides the night Christian was born, the night I sat with Ysa while she was sick was the longest night of my life. 
I wanted to see her. I needed to see her, I needed to tell her that it was going to be okay, to reassure her that we were fine. I think I saw the sun coming up before I finally let the exhaustion take over. Julia was up and gone when my alarm sounded. I was glad that she'd taken the time to drop Christian off. I had an agenda, somewhere very important that I needed to be. 
I felt a hint of guilt when I read Julia's note telling me that I was sleeping so soundly, she didn’t want to wake me for a kiss goodbye. She was taking Christian to school, and then, “I love you Sebby” at the bottom.
I drove to Ysabelle’s condo with a pain in my heart, the way she looked when I saw her yesterday looked like she had been crying. And then her responses to my texts were short, not that I blamed her. I knew this was a cop out. I stopped and got her favorite breakfast and coffee from a diner she frequented. 
Her door was unlocked when I got to it and she was blaring house music. Chance didn’t even hear me come in, and it pissed me off that she would be careless with her safety. 
I placed the food and coffee on the end table and turned down the volume on the receiver. I turned to find Ysabelle staring at me, and I immediately noticed her eyes were cold. I don’t think I’d ever seen her eyes like that before, her demeanor was different too, she was dressed perfectly, not a hair out of place. I hadn’t seen her wear her hair straight, in what seemed like forever. She was wearing tight jeans and a black low cut revealing silk blouse with high heels. 
“Are we going somewhere?” I asked. 
“I am,” she said, walking over to me and turning off the music. 
“Okay.” I reached to grab her and she backed away from me. 
“Don’t. We need to talk.” 
Shit. 
“Ysa…listen. I’m-”
“I don’t want to hear it. Just listen, all right?” she cautioned with an unreadable face. 
I sat down on the couch, “Okay.” She moved to sit next to me, tucking one leg under her thigh to face me. 
“You know Sebastian…I’ve never been with a man or even a woman if I wasn’t getting paid for it.”
“What do you mean?” 
She looked me straight in the eyes, “What I said, I’ve never been with anyone unless I was getting something out of it. I don’t have any idea what it feels like to not get paid for my company.”
“Ysa, we’re different,” I tried to explain.
“Are we? Because you pay for me, you’ve been paying for me for a year now. Do you see everything around you, Sebastian? You’re paying for my comfortable lifestyle and in return I’m at your beck and call. How convenient for us both,” she acknowledged sarcastically. 
I grabbed her hand and she let me, “I know this is hard all right. I need you. You know I do.” 
“I know. That’s the problem, Sebastian. I let this go on for far too long. This is my fault that I didn’t control the situation.” 
“What are you talking about?” I didn’t like where this was going. 
“Us. I’m talking about this. I can’t do this anymore.” 
“Ysa…” I said, pulling her to me. She straddled my legs and I kissed her head, her forehead, her cheeks, her neck, I wanted to kiss her everywhere and all at once. I wanted to keep her there with me. I kissed her lips and she let me, her mouth opened for me, and I felt the silkiness of her tongue. I didn’t feel her; she was just giving me her body. And for the first time since this whole situation started, I realized how she was able to give herself to other men. 	
I hated myself for becoming one of those men to her, that hurt me more than anything. I was supposed to be different, we were supposed to have been different. 
I put my forehead on hers and looked deep into her eyes. I didn’t see it anymore, the light, the love, the happiness, all of it was for me, and it was gone. Her eyes were just as beautiful as the day I first saw them, they were just no longer alive. They were no longer for me. I had ruined it. I ruined everything. 
“Please, don’t do this,” I whimpered in a voice I didn’t even recognize, I was on the verge of tears. 
“My girl…” I pleaded, grabbing her cheek. 
“We can’t do this anymore, I can’t see you again. I’m going to let Madam know. We’re over, Sebastian,” she stated in a voice I didn’t recognize. 
I raised my eyebrows and I could feel the tears falling down my face, “I want you, I need you, I love-”
She abruptly stood, taking my whole world with her, “Get the fuck out!” she yelled, pointing to the door. 
“Don’t do this!” I shouted, standing up to her, going toe to toe, she didn’t back down, she stood her ground, just like I knew she would. 
She chuckled deviously, “In this lifetime, Sebastian, you’re happily married, a father; and I’m a prostitute. I will not continue to play this mind fuck with you. I don’t need to be saved, this isn’t a love story, and I don’t need you to be my happily ever after. This is a means to an end; you pay me to fuck you,” she violently spewed. “I’m trying to do the right thing here, for once in my fucked up existence, I’m trying to do the right fucking thing.” 
“You could really walk away that easily? And we both know if I were a happily married man, I wouldn’t be here.”
She cocked her head to the side and grinned, “Where do you tell your wife you’re going when you’re with me? Huh? Do you tell her you’re with me? Does she know you’re fucking a prostitute on the side and then you go home to her?”
I didn’t say one word; I couldn’t even believe this was happening. 
I saw anger run through Ysabelle’s face, as she suddenly pushed me with so much force that I fell back. 
“ANSWER ME!” she screamed, getting right up to my face. I turned because I couldn’t look at her anymore. 
“Does she like the way I smell or taste, Sebastian? Does she?” she grabbed the sides of my face with both hands and made me look at her.
“Or wait…do you ALWAYS take a shower and clean yourself up before you go home to her…as you walk out these doors do you take your ring out of your pocket and put it back on? 
“Then you walk through the doors of your home, hug your kid, and kiss your wife, right? Isn’t that what goes down? You guys talk about your day and then you tuck in your kid goodnight. Then what do you do, huh? Do you tell her how you were inside me mere hours earlier, screaming my fucking name, Sebastian!” 
She held my face tighter, wanting to hurt me, as much as I had done her.
“Or do you just walk back to your bedroom, make love to your wife, tell her how much you love her, and hold her while she sleeps? Is that what you do? Make love to your wife and then fuck me, your whore?” I gasped and she roughly let go.
“That’s what I fucking thought. Your time with me is over, Sebastian. I need you to go, if you won’t go on your own free will, then I will have you escorted out.” 
I grabbed her arm more forcefully than I intended and made her face me. 
“It would be that easy for you to walk away from me wouldn’t it? Like I mean nothing to you, like this meant nothing to you.” 
“Ab-sa-fucking-lutley, Sebastian! You’re only fucking me because I remind you of your dead girlfriend.” I instantly grabbed her harder and she yelped in pain. 
“No, Ysabelle, that’s where you’re wrong. Olivia would have never sold herself, because it doesn’t matter what way you paint it, Ysabelle, it doesn’t change the fact that you sell your pussy for money.” Her face looked as if I’ve slapped her and I immediately regretted it. 
She quickly replaced it with a smile; “You should know, you’ve been paying for it for a year.” 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


Sebastian released me, but not before he looked at me with disgust and remorse all at once. 
“Those boxes by the door all belong to you, you can see yourself out.” He looked over by the door, almost surprised that he had just noticed them. 
“I don’t want any of your shit in my condo, take it, throw it away, or fucking burn it,” I said vindictively, “There’s a check on the counter for Chance.” 
He bowed his head in defeat and I wanted to scream and hit him to fight for me, to convince me not to leave him, but I didn’t. I pushed my nail into my palm to the point that I thought I was going to make it bleed to stop myself from running to him.
Sebastian reached for me one last time and I swiftly moved back, he shook his head and walked to the door. It took everything I had in me to not go to him, he looked broken, I had broken him, and now we were even. 
He rubbed Chance’s head before taking one last look at me, “I’m sorry for everything, Ysa,” he said as he opened the door and walked out of my life. 
I stood there for what seemed like a lifetime, tears streaming down my face, until I couldn’t take it anymore and screamed bloody murder at the top of my lungs. I ran for the boxes and started taking everything out of them, throwing them everywhere, all the gifts, letters, his belongings; I ripped, shredded, tossed, and threw all of it out of my sight, scattered it everywhere, screaming and crying along the way.
I couldn’t take it anymore and leaned my whole body against the door, until my body couldn’t hold me up any more and I started sliding down, crying and wallowing in the misery of truly being broken hearted. 


After cleaning up the massive mess I had created in more ways than one, I made myself decent and drove to Madam’s. I found her in her office, almost as if she had been expecting me.
“Bella Rosa,” she greeted with a hug and a kiss. “It doesn’t matter how much makeup you put on, I can still see that you look like shit.” 
“Thanks, Madam, I didn’t come for the pleasant conversation. I need you to do something for me, and I will do something for you in exchange, which I’m sure will make you ecstatic,” I stated in a sarcastic tone. 
“Oh yeah.” 
“I need you to change my number and move me to another location.” 
“Hmmm…trouble in paradise, I presume?” 
“After you do this for me you can put me back on the schedule. I just need some time to clear my head and get my shit together.” 
“Well…I’m not much for gloating, but I think this needs to be said-”
“I’m fully aware that I fucked up, all right? There is no need for the I told you sos, call it being young and careless, and trust me when I say it will never happen again.” She nodded. 
“Are you all right, darling?” she empathized. 
“I will be.” 
She left the room and returned with a new phone, and two sets of keys.
“I’ll have all your contacts transferred to that phone and the movers will be there first thing in the morning. That’s the set of keys to your new condo, it’s located in Marquis Residences unit 1613; it’s already fully furnished, and all you need to pack are your clothes and whatever personal belongings you would like to bring. I imagine you want to start fresh, yes?” I nodded. 
“All right…well consider this a lesson learned, and a gift from me for coming to your senses ,” she stated, handing me another set of keys.
“It’s an Audi A8, it’s parked in the garage; you can leave the set to your current car and home.” 
“Thank you, Madam.” 
“Of course, Bella Rosa, I’m always here for you, you know that. Now enough of the melodramatics, it’s not our style; we’re far too pretty for it. The White’s Annual Gala is exactly four weeks away, do you think you will be better by then?” 
“Mmm hmm,” was all I could reply, I hadn’t been with another man in a year, I had a month to mentally prepare myself. 
“Lovely, I know the perfect gentleman, darling,” she snickered. 
“Great. Well then, I don’t want to take up too much of your time, I’ll be going.” I got up to leave.
“Ysabelle.”
I turned, “Hmmm.”
“Don’t ever fuck with your heart again. Do you understand?” 
“Of course.” She nodded and I was excused. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


What the hell just happened? Why did I feel like I had just been hit in the chest with a sledgehammer? I wasn't sure how to be me without her anymore. Could I really just go home to my family and pretend like Ysabelle never happened. FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! I screamed over and over, beating the hell out of my steering wheel as I waited for the light to turn green. 
My whole world had just changed, just like that in the matter of minutes. I would never get to hold her, to kiss her, to love her. I hadn’t even told her that I loved her. I never once told her how much I loved her. 
I understood everything she was saying to me. It wasn’t fair to her and I was the one that was causing her so much pain. Every time I called her, all those times I went to her, I was hurting her. Every last second I was with her, I wanted to truly make her mine. To pretend she was truly my girl…
I never once considered her feelings, and how she felt, or what she was going through. I just expected her to be there at any point that I was ready for her, when I made room for her in my life, when it was convenient for me. 
I never gave her a choice or an option to be with me, it was all my doing, my expectations, and my demands. Every last bit of it was on my fucking terms. Julia wasn’t the only victim in this; Ysabelle was too, I had used her in the worst way possible. 
I had broken a woman that I was hell bent trying to put together, from the broken place she had come from. I fucked her up even more so than she was before. I had never seen the look in her eyes that I witnessed, my Ysa...my girl…was gone. 
And now I was expected to go home and pretend like none of this ever happened. I was supposed to go on and resume my life as it was, before she came tumbling in. 
She never was and now she never would be. 
I did the only thing I knew how to do, I went to the bar and got sloppy ass drunk. 
After spending the entire day at the bar, I took a cab ride home; once I knew Christian would be asleep. 
I tip toed into the garage to find Julia waiting for me.
“What the hell, Sebastian? I have been calling you all day. Where have you been? Jesus, you smell like whiskey and cigarettes. 
“Hi, Babygirl,” I stammered, stumbling over my own two feet.
“Oh my God! You’re drunk.” 
“Just a little bit,” I said, trying to compose myself and lacking severely, “I’m sorry, I was with clients and I don’t know how this happened,” I slurred.
“Obviously, come on let me help you.” I barely remember the rest of the night. I woke up to a blinding bright light and a very pissed off Julia. 
“Julia…not right now. My head is pounding,” I said, covering my eyes.
“Sebastian, what the hell is going on? This isn’t like you.” 
“I told you I got carried away with clients. You’ll be happy when the check clears.” 
“What the fuck, Sebastian?” she angrily replied. 
“Shit I’m sorry, I don’t know what I’m saying. I’m just severely hung over. Can we finish this later?” 
“Whatever, Sebastian.” 
“Ugh,” I grunted, reaching for her. This was the only way I was going to get her to stop. I pulled her into my arms and kissed her head and told her I was sorry, I loved her, and I would never do it again. 
That seemed to take away her apprehension and won me a smile before she got dressed, and left with Christian. 
I called into work faking that I still had the flu and went back to sleep. I woke hours later with less of a hangover. However, with more of a recollection of why I had gotten so fucked up in the first place. 
I needed to fix this, I had to make it better, I couldn’t live without her. As I waited for the coffee to be ready I called her, only to be slapped in the face with, “the number you are trying to reach has been disconnected, please hang up and try again”.
“What the fuck.” I quickly changed, called a taxi to take me to my car, and grabbed my coffee on the way out. 
When I made it to her front door I tried to use my key, it wouldn’t work. I banged on it, “Ysa! Answer the door,” I repeated over and over again. 
The door opened and an older man answered, I could feel my blood start to boil.
“Who the fuck are you?” I demanded. 
“Whoa, man, calm down. We’re just the movers. We’re done.”
“Movers? What the hell are you talking about, where’s Ysabelle?”
“I don’t know who you’re talking about. We were told to move things from this building to-”
“Mr. Vanwell,” Madam said from behind me.
“Would you care to stop harassing my staff?” she cautioned. 
“Thank you, Jerico.” She handed him an envelope before he left. 
“Please come inside, I don’t want a scene in the hallway,” she said as I followed her inside. 
All of Ysabelle’s stuff was still there, not one thing was taken. 
I looked at Madam, “Where is she?”
“Mr. Vanwell, I think you know as well as I do that Ysabelle does what she wants. I don’t understand how you don’t get that yet. I’m not her keeper as much as you think I am. She is no longer taking residence here and you are no longer a client of VIP.” 
I grabbed her wrist, “Are you fucking kidding me?”
“I advise you, Mr. Vanwell, to let me go before you further piss me off.” 
“Tell me where she is. You can’t do this, you can’t hide her from me.” 
“And why pray tell do you think this is my doing? Bella Rosa came to me, not the other way around. She wants nothing to do with you, her words not mine. Now let me go.” I let her go, stunned by what she told me. 
“Do yourself a favor, Mr. Vanwell, get your shit together before you further fuck up your life. You’ve already lost one woman, you wouldn’t want to lose the other,” she advised before leaving.
I was at a loss for words. I walked around the entire condo in a fog. Everywhere I looked I was reminded of Ysabelle, every last moment that we shared, the laughing, talking, smiling, and making love. We had spent an entire couple of weeks christening every inch of her condo; her favorite was on the kitchen island.  
I remembered the first time she fed me her favorite cookies and cream with coffee ice cream, her own recipe. The time she burnt dinner, because I couldn’t keep my hands off her, the endless amounts of watching football and sharing comfortable silence. Her laughter was always contagious and it didn’t matter what I was doing, if she was laughing it would make me smile. 
I had so many regrets in my life. I used to think that never being with Olivia was my number one, I knew now that it was just the tip of the iceberg. I was meant to be with Ysabelle, she was supposed to be in my life. I regretted not telling her that I loved her, I should have said it to her every second of every day. 
I made my way into her bedroom and it was just as I had left it. I could still smell her in the air. I could still feel her on my skin, and in my blood. She would permanently be a part of me. I knew then that I would never be the same. She left me and took my heart with her, she doesn’t ever want to see you again, her words not mine.
I laid in the bed that we shared so many times and wept, for the things I should have changed, and would never be able to. 


Chapter 25

<>*<>Y<>*<>

The weeks that followed were much of the same. I tried to move on and not think about him. I was immensely grateful for having the opportunity to start over; you would think that because everything I was around was new, nothing held memories of him and I; that I would be okay. I wish that were true, it wasn’t that easy. I saw him everywhere, as if he was a part of me. 
Having Chance helped, he kept me busy, and as much as I hated to admit it, I was pleased to still have a piece of Sebastian with me. 
I had gone shopping with Brooke for a dress for The Gala that evening. The date that I had was someone I had never been with before; Madam said he was new and I was the first one to be with him. He would be at my place with a limo at seven to go for dinner and drinks, before our date. 
“Are you all right, Bella?” Brooke asked with concern.
“Yes.” 
“You know you can talk to me right? I’m here for you.” 
“I know.” 
“I’ve been there, you know?”
“What?” I questioned with curiosity.
“Where you are now, I’ve been there. It’s a place I never want to be again. It was within the first year of me being a VIP. He was charming and loving and I was young and naïve. He was the first man that made me feel like I was cherished. When we were intimate, it felt as if we were one person, like we were untied and soul mates.” I listened carefully.  
“I was reckless, I knew exactly what I was getting myself into. He was married too, and the epitome of the perfect husband and father to the public; he was high profile. Except he promised me that he would leave his wife for me. Of course, I believed him. I don’t know how it happened, but I got pregnant. When I told him he politely and lovingly made me believe that having an abortion would be the right thing to do. 
“I was so in love with him that I did. Bella…he didn’t even show up for the appointment. I went through it all by myself. Madam was livid when she found out. She raised hell and high water and was a terror in her fury.” A single tear fell down Brooke’s face. 
“After it was done, he never saw me again. I know it hurts like hell, Bella, just believe me, it’s for the best. To be completely honest, you’re not the first one; it’s happened to all of us at one point in time. We aren’t made of stone, even though our life style insures us that we should be. You know now what it feels like to love. All good things must come to an end, Bella,” she hesitated, “we are who we are.” 
“Brooke, what if I want more?” 
“Then my love, as the words of the poem; ‘tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.” We laughed. 
“I love you, Ysabelle.” She said as she embraced me in a tight hug, “Now, let’s go find you a smoking hot dress.” 


I showered, primped, and manicured myself like I had done a thousand times before. The routine of it all quickly came back to me. This time was different. I seemed to lack the want for it. I didn’t crave the control like I once had. I didn’t yearn for it. I brushed those thoughts away as quickly as they came. I tried to anyway. Dodging them one by one as I dressed for my first date in over a year. 
It was almost 7 p.m. by the time I was standing in front of the mirror, observing my white form-fitting gown that hugged my curves perfectly. I don’t know why I chose white, but I did. My soft wavy hair pulled to the side with pieces falling around my face, my makeup done to perfection, and my heels lifting me high off the ground. With endless amounts of diamonds on my ears, neck, and wrists. 
Looking at my beautiful reflection in the mirror, I briefly contemplated what the hell I was doing. I looked radiant on the outside, but I felt like I was dying on the inside. I was slowly suffocating; I inhaled repeatedly, trying to catch my breath, gasping, hoping to get a hold of myself. I wanted to feel numb. No, I needed to feel numb.
I didn’t want to feel anything. None of the aguish, torment, and second guessing my decisions; I didn’t need it. I just wanted to go back to before Sebastian, before all this craziness started going on in my head. 
“Shit!” I yelled, frustrated with myself. I grabbed the vile of cocaine that Brooke had given me earlier. She knew I was going to need it. I hadn’t done any drugs except for that one time with Sebastian since our whole debauchery had started; here I was, cutting up two perfectly thick white lines. I rolled up a hundred dollar bill and snorted one up each nostril, closing my eyes and taking in the wave of satisfying bliss that I felt within seconds. I looked in the mirror feeling my confidence, I felt invincible. 
“Welcome back, Ysabelle,” I said to my reflection. I placed the vile in my clutch, sure that I would need it again later, and made my way downstairs. The driver smiled and nodded as he held the door for the white stretch limo. 
I was welcomed to a flute of champagne and an even more devastatingly handsome older man. He looked European, sporting a five o’clock shadow, with light skin and thick black hair. His dark, conniving eyes appeared bottomless and devious when he smiled in appreciation. Taking in my beauty with wondering eyes.
“I’m Ysabelle,” I stated, smiling up at him.
“I know who you are,” he said in an arrogant tone. 
“Pleasure, and you would be?” I replied with the same tone. I wasn’t taking this guy’s shit. 
“A spitfire, I do enjoy a good challenge. The names Richard Slavic.” 
“Seems fitting, Dick,” I countered, sipping my champagne. 
He smirked. “Take off your panties,” he ordered.
“I’m not wearing any, Dick,” I stated in a sultry tone, trying to give him the same deviant eyes that he was handing me. 
“Seems like we’ll get along just fine, Gorgeous. Call me Slavic.” 
“Slavic,” I tempted. 
“Say it again.”
“Slavic…” I moaned. 
“Remember to say it just like that. Now crawl to me, gorgeous.” 
“Not in a white dress,” I responded, stating my displeasure.
He smiled, “I’ll remember that for later.” 
“I look forward to it.” 
Dinner proceeded with the same demeanor. Slavic was controlling and arrogant. He ordered my dinner and my cocktails and even went as far as spoon-feeding me. I didn’t eat much, the cocaine running through my system made sure of it. I did enjoy the $5,000 bottle of wine though. 
I excused myself to powder my nose. I quickly took care of business in the ladies room while unbeknownst to me, he stood right outside the door waiting for me.
I smiled as I opened the door and he stepped in front of me.
His finger swiped the residue of cocaine across my nose that I carelessly forgot to check. He grinned before wiping it back and forth on his front teeth. 
Slavic took my hand and led me out, heading to our next destination, The Gala. He sat close to me in the limo, keeping his hand on the inside of my leg while his finger tapped to the beat of the music. I was trying. I was trying so hard. The cocaine helped, but there was just something about this guy that rubbed me the wrong way. I blew it off again. It was Sebastian. That’s it. Slavic was a fine looking man, ready to wine and dine me all night. I would have been playing him like a fiddle a year ago. That’s what I had to focus on. I could do this. 
 We made our way inside the already crowded room with endless amounts of people; it was the who’s who of Miami. The tickets alone cost a fortune. 
Slavic couldn’t keep his hands off me, and if it wasn’t his hands it was his eyes. I was beyond fucked up from the cocaine and the alcohol that I didn’t care. I let him touch me and kiss me, and whisper sleazy and filthy things that he planned to do to me later. I soaked it all in. Every last fucking bit of it. I kept reminding myself that this was who I was. This was what I did. I was paid good money for men like Slavic to play with. He wanted to play. I would fucking play.
The whole place was crazy. The music, the damn good looking men walking around, all the women in their fancy little party dresses, and yes, me. I was drunk and high, but not quite where I wanted to be just yet. I’m not sure how long we’d been there before I felt the urge to go powder my nose again.
“Where you going? Did I say you could leave, gorgeous?” Slavic demanded, grabbing my wrist a little harder than he needed to. I placed my hand over his and smiled.
“I’ll be right back. Don’t you worry, the night is ours,” I laughed. 
I walked away from Slavic, feeling on cloud nine. The handle wouldn’t turn when I tried to enter the ladies room, and I laughed at myself. I was turning it the wrong way. 
“Jesus Christ, Slavic!” I yelled when I felt him shove me into the restroom, almost losing my footing. My first experience in over a year as a VIP was not going down in the fucking restroom; I had more class than that. I turned to give him hell; instead, I came face to face with a furious Sebastian Vanwell, standing directly in front of me.
I was sure I’d never seen that look on his face before. He walked toward me, causing me to step back until I was against the wall. Placing both hands on each side of my head, he spoke through gritted teeth. “You’re back to this shit again, selling yourself?” he scorned. 
“Who the hell do you think you are?” I yelled, trying to move around him. He wouldn’t let me.
“Who the hell do I think I am? Are you fucking serious? You drop off the face of the earth without so much as a fucking goodbye, and you’re asking me who the fuck I think I am?” he aggressively roared. 
“Fuck you, Sebastian; I’m working, now get the hell out of my way,” I screamed. He grabbed my hand when I tried to shove him, restraining them both over my head. 
“Oh yeah, Ysa,” he snidely remarked, sliding my gown up to expose my thighs. “God, you make me fucking manic, do you have any idea how much I am ready to kill that motherfucker for having his hands all over you? Do you know how close I came to going over there and knocking him the fuck out?” he violently spewed. 
“Sebastian, stop this,” I shrieked trying to close my legs together to no avail. He was stronger than me and pushed them open. His fingers found my bare pussy and he rubbed one finger back and forth through my wet slit.
 “No panties, Ysa…is that how you do it, huh? Have you let him fuck you yet? Now that you’re back to being Madam’s little slut. How long did it take you till you were letting me fucking use you? Has this fucker touched this pretty pink pussy? My pussy…my girl…” He pushed his fingers inside of me curling them, aiming for my g-spot, just how he knew I loved. I bit my lip to conceal my moan. I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of what he was doing to me, what he always did to me. 
I did the only thing that I knew would make him stop before he brought me to orgasm right there, up against the restroom wall. I looked him straight in the eyes and viciously asked, “Where’s your wife, Sebastian?” 
He immediately stopped. I took his distraction as an opportunity to maneuver myself away from him. 
“Where is she, Sebastian?” I asked with a raised tone when he didn’t answer.
“Here,” he replied. Fuck. She was here? With him? 
I kept walking backwards as he moved, coming after me again. I needed to get away from him. 
“Sebastian, if you come any closer I will scream. I’ll have all of Miami in here in a matter of seconds. Your precious wife will know it all, so I suggest you turn the fuck around and go home.” 
“Ysa…” he pleaded, calling for me.
“Don’t call me that…step the fuck back,” I yelled. Between the cocaine and the adrenaline pumping through my veins, I felt insane. I was angry with him for watching me with Slavic, for following me to the restroom, for being here with her, and most of all for bringing me to my fucking knees. 
“Goddamn it, I don’t fucking care. Scream, scream as loud as you fucking want, there is no way in hell I am letting you go back out there to that fuck,” he urgently demanded. 
I could see it in his eyes, he had gone mad, and I didn’t know how the hell I was going to get out of this restroom. He needed to go back to his wife and I needed to get back to my date before something even more fucked happened. Madam would lose her shit if she knew what was going on. 
I calmly collected myself and went to him, placed my arms around his neck as his arms swiftly went around me. My eyes closed, briefly, taking him in. The feel of him, the warmth, the smell, the love. God. Why did I have to be in love with him? It took everything in me to say what I what I had to say. 
“Sebastian…you have to let me go. Please…you’re killing me. I can’t do this anymore. If you ever truly cared for me, please let me be. I’m begging you…let me go,” I pleaded. 
“I can’t,” he whispered into my neck.
“Please…” I begged. 
He kissed my neck and pulled back to look at me. We stared into lost solitary eyes, hurting for a love that could never be. He kissed the corner of my mouth, looked down to my hand where he stopped and brushed his thumb across my knuckles, and let me go. I watched him walk out of my life for the second time. 
I let out a deep breath that I hadn’t realized I was holding. I frantically reached for my purse, searching for the vile. I snorted four more lines. I had to, it wasn’t having the same effect. I smiled at my pitiful self in the mirror and reapplied my makeup, fixed my hair, and walked out to find Slavic. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


Julia and her partners all decided to get tickets to The Gala as a form of networking. I didn’t want to be there. It had been a rough month for us, and being around people with all the tension going on between us just didn’t seem like my idea of fun. We were fighting, constantly, over nothing and everything. I was a miserable bastard and I was taking out all my frustrations on Julia. 
I couldn’t stop myself. None of this was her fault, or so I thought. I don’t know when it happened, what moment of clarity it was, but I resented her even more now, not only for Olivia, now also for Ysabelle. How fucked up is that? I resented my own wife, because I was never able to be with the women I truly wanted. Julia was my safe spot. Julia was easy for me, and although I knew it wasn’t fair to her and she did nothing to deserve my bitterness, nonetheless, it was there.
She was what I was supposed to end up with, what was expected of me. I loved her without a doubt, I learned through my time with Ysabelle that it was never that feeling of just being madly and entirely in love with someone. The sensation of knowing that this person owns all of you, every last inch of your heart, mind, and soul. The person that stops time, everyday life, and responsibilities, the person that causes you to live in the now. 
The heart wants what it wants.
Ysabelle was that for me. I knew then, more than ever, she was my person. You don’t know what you have until it’s gone. 
The Gala was incredibly dull, for me anyway. Most everyone around us seemed to be having the time of their life. Not me. I didn’t want to be there and I definitely wasn’t having the time of my life. I tried to be there for Julia, being the doting and loving husband that she deserved. 
We were standing in a circle with her lawyer friends, talking about, hell, I have no idea what they were talking about. I took another swig of my whiskey and felt her. I can’t explain it, she was there. I didn’t have to turn around to know it. 
I nonchalantly removed my hand from my wife’s lower back and turned to see if my intuitions were right. They were. I felt the veins, instantly pop in my neck along with a rush of angry fury that I wasn’t sure I’d be able to control. She was on the arm of another man. Although she looked absolutely, stunningly beautiful, there was something off about her. She was sporting a demeanor, an attitude that I wasn’t sure about, nor did I like. 
“You still owe me a boat ride,” one of Julia’s friends reminded me. I didn’t hear her. I was too busy watching the spectacle going on in front of me. 
“Sebastian!” Julia called.
“Yeah?” I asked, coming to my senses.
“Chelsea’s talking to you,” she informed me with an irritated look.
Chelsea made her request again and I promised to take her and her daughter for a ride sometime. I turned my attention back to Ysabelle, ignoring the annoyed glare from my wife. 
She looked like she was enjoying his affection, loving every caress and kiss that he gave her. It got to the point where they were almost fucking each other with clothes on. Ysabelle wasn’t acting like herself, not the woman I remembered. She was eating him up, and from her expression, loving his fucking hands all over her body.
My blood was boiling, especially when I watched her push his hand away from going up her dress more than once. The stupid fucker must have succeeded that time. He brought his fingers to his nose, smelling her, I was sure. She playfully slapped his hand away, laughing, after he licked his fingers.  
“We can leave if this is really that awful for you, Sebastian,” Julia alleged, pulling my attention back to her. 
“No, I’m fine. I’m going to run to the restroom, I’m fine,” I lied, giving her a quick, reassuring kiss as I watched Ysabelle walk away from the fucker she was with, heading toward the ladies’ room. 
 I didn’t know what possessed me to follow her in the restroom, but I did. I followed her right inside, although the encounter didn’t go as I envisioned it. I was blinded by rage and panic of having her in front of me again. I wanted to mark her. I wanted to remind her that she was mine. I wasn’t the least bit gentle with her. I was forceful, knowing that I was scaring her. I couldn’t seem to control myself. I was a man obsessed. She belonged only to me. As stupid as that sounds, that’s how I felt. I didn’t want her in the arms of anyone else.
The restroom scene was disgraceful. I touched her, trying to make her feel like the slut she was portraying. I was pissed. I wanted her to feel like a cheap whore, even though I knew there was nothing cheap about her. It just happened, the craze engulfed me until she slid her dainty arms around my neck and told me how she felt. 
It nearly destroyed me. I had to stop being a selfish prick. I had to let her go. I had to think of her instead of myself. It wasn’t just about me anymore. I kissed her lips for what I knew would be the last time and left her, standing there alone and returned to Julia. She was deep in conversation with some executive and his wife. I don’t even think she realized I was gone. 
I watched from the corner of my eye, seeing Ysabelle press her body against her date’s chest on the balcony. I thought I had regained my control. I was mentally ready to let her go. Except that wasn’t the case. The motherfucker squeezed her ass into his cock, sending another surge of venom through my veins. I didn’t think, I didn’t hesitate, and I didn’t stop myself. I couldn’t. Nothing logical was able to form in my mind; not my wife, not the bystanders, and not the poor bastard who was about to see my wrath. 
I ran, sprinting through the crowd of people, right out to the balcony where Ysabelle was still pressed, firmly against his body.
“Take your motherfucking hands off her!” I shouted, shoving her to the side and pushing him in the chest. 
“Excuse me…do you know who you are speaking to?” The guy in the fancy tux asked right before my right hand came in contact with his jaw. He stammered a little, catching himself on a table, and sending a chair to the ground.
I didn’t even know Julia was close. I didn’t think any of this through. It just happened.
 “Sebastian, what the hell is wrong with you?” Julia yelled, grabbing my arm and stepping between me and Mr. Asshole. The rest was like a slow moving film. I looked down to her with balled fists and back to Ysabelle, whose eyes were wide with shock. 
Julia turned, seeing her too. She looked right at Ysabelle and then back at me. I looked at my wife who no doubt had the look of realization written clearly on her face. She knew. It was all over her expression, and in her body language. Her hand slid down my chest and to her side. 
I knew I should have cared, I knew I should have been explaining, lying, and covering my ass; I didn’t fucking care. I had no remorse over what I just did. 
The man brushed himself off, “What the fuck is your problem?” he asserted, pulling all of our attention away from the triangle of stares, and the unspoken questions lingering between us.
“Do you know this asshole, gorgeous?” he commented, gripping Ysabelle around the waist.
I pushed him again, “Don’t fucking touch her, you touch her one more time and I’m taking you the fuck out,” I argued. 
“Listen, you dick!” he shouted, coming toward me.
“NO!” Ysabelle grasped his arm, stopping him by jumping in front of him, “Let’s just go, come on let’s go.” 
“Are you fucking serious? You’re going to leave with him?” I proclaimed dumbfounded. 
“Sebastian…go home,” she whispered into the air before grabbing his hand and turning. 
“Ysa,” I called to make her turn, “You leave with him and you’re dead to me, we’re fucking done, do you hear me? DONE.” 
“Sebastian…” she said calmly, “I was never yours. I never belonged to you.” I watched her gaze move to Julia, “I’m so fucking sorry,” she said before pulling him and turning away. 
I fucked up my entire life in a moment of pure panic. I let all of my emotions take over and I watched the woman I love walk away from me as if I were nothing, like I hadn’t just given up everything for her. 
Of all the expressions, I was expecting to see on my wife’s face, this did not compare, “She looks just like her, Sebastian, it’s uncanny,” she wept in a daze, brushing the tears from her face. “Not here. Don’t fucking follow me,” she demanded, walking away from me. 
There were no words that could express the severity of the situation that I had just created. I watched Julia walk away from me not knowing if she was walking out of my life as well. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>

	
I pulled Slavic away from the scene that Sebastian had caused. We reached the outside of the building and his complete demeanor changed. He crudely grabbed my upper arm dragging me to the limo, and shoving me in. I heard him say something to the driver before he barged in through the other door.
He backhanded me across the face so fast that I didn’t even see it coming.
“Do you have any fucking idea how embarrassing that was for me? Do you have a fucking clue who the fuck I am? I paid thousands of dollars for your pussy, not for your fucked up drama, you stupid cunt,” he yelled so close to my face that I could feel his spit on me. 
I hadn’t even had a second to process everything that had just happened with Sebastian before he tackled me to the floor. 
“You want to humiliate me you little shit, I’ll show you what it’s like to feel shame.” 
He covered my mouth before I had a chance to scream and had my arms up above my head and my legs spread open before I had even blinked. It all happened so fast I couldn’t even contemplate what was going on. 
The next thing I knew, I heard my dress rip and felt his dick at my entrance. 
“You like it rough don’t you? You little slut,” he groaned before plunging into my dry core making me shriek in pain. 
It all occurred within minutes, him fucking me and yelling obscenities while he was doing it. I had no option but to turn my head and let him use my body for his frustrations. I had fucked up royally and now he was taking it out on me. 
I had no idea why he was even holding me down, I wasn’t fighting him. He was getting off it on it, the humiliation, the power, and the control. I gladly gave it to him to let this go by faster.  
I never thought I would be so happy to hear a man come. Once he was done he pushed off me and the bastard even held out his hand to help me off the floor. I curled myself into a corner of the limo just counting down the seconds until I would be home. As soon as I saw the entrance to my building I darted out of the limo before it even had a chance to come to a complete stop. 
I took the elevator up to my floor, praying that no one would see me. I made it to my condo unnoticed and was immediately greeted with a thrilled Chance. I rubbed his head before walking into my bathroom. 
I didn’t want to look in the mirror but found myself doing it anyway. I stared at an image that I didn’t even recognize, I had no idea who the fuck I was anymore. I had lost total sense of who I thought I was, of who I wanted to be, and the bruising on my cheek made it all the more real. 
I was lost. I was alone. Again.
They say in order to find yourself you have to know where you come from. I laid in bed that night contemplating that theory while Chance laid beside me, enjoying my repetitive scratching under his neck. I needed to go back to where it all started from, I needed to go home.


Chapter 26

<>*<>S<>*<>

I hadn’t seen Julia for three days, which means I hadn’t seen Christian either. I texted with no responses, I tried calling with it going straight to voicemail, I even went to her parents’ but nobody answered the door. 
I was getting ready to call the police and hospitals when I heard the sound of the garage. I wanted to run to her, I wanted to tell her how sorry I was, I wanted to make it better, I didn’t know how I felt. I was so terribly confused. 
She opened the door alone. We stared at each other and she looked like she hadn’t slept in days, her skin was pale and she looked like she hadn’t been eating; what alarmed me the most was her eyes, which once held so much love for me, were now lifeless. 
She averted her gaze and walked past me. 
I held my arm out, stopping her. "Babygirl," I quietly spoke, not knowing what I was going to say, I expected her to slap me, punch me; I expected her to scream at me. She leaned into my chest and cried, no, she heaved a world of tears. I held her as tight as I could, letting her express everything she could not say with words. 
She realized what she was doing, and slightly pushed off of me, moving to sit as far away from me as possible. 
“Where’s Christian?” I asked, breaking the silence.
“Oh, now you’re worried about Christian? Were you thinking about Christian when you were with her?” she asked, barely containing her rage. I sighed not having the strength to look at her. 
“Are you fucking kidding? Just this once, Sebastian, have the balls and fucking decency to tell me the truth.” 
I didn’t know what to say, I wanted to say so much, I couldn’t get my Goddamn mouth to move. 
“Okay…Sebastian. I’ll talk. Do you think that she’s replacing her…replacing Olivia?” she asked with trepidation in her voice. “Is that what you see when you look at her? Because, that’s what I see when I do.” 
Neither of us said a word for several minutes and it felt like a lifetime. 
“What did they call us growing up, Sebastian?” she said, looking back at me. 
“The Three Musketeers,” I whispered. 
“That’s right…The Three Musketeers,” she said before having to look away from me. 
“I remember growing up and always being in love with you…there was never a time where I wasn’t. My very first memories were the feelings I had for you,” she said, laughing at that statement. 
“Fuck…you’re everything to me, you always have been. I mean, our parents were best friends; it was only natural that we would end up together…right? I mean, from birth, we played together. One of the first words I ever said was Sebby,” she whimpered, shedding a tear and wiping it away. 
I didn’t think it was possible for my heart to break any more, I tried to take a step to come near her.
“Don’t,” she whispered. I stayed where I was.
“My parent’s had tried for years to have another baby. It never happened for them, I wanted a sister so bad.” She looked up in front of her; as if she was visualizing everything in her mind. 
“They always told me that it was because I was one in a million, I was their special baby girl,” she said, wiping away more of her tears. 
“They talked to me for months on end about how they were going to bring home a baby. That there was this special place that angels made babies for people like them who couldn’t have any more miracles like me,” she looked like she was lost in thought. 
“They asked me over and over again what I wanted…of course, I wanted a sister. Somebody I could dress up…somebody to share my secrets with… somebody who I could talk to boys about…just somebody that I would love unconditionally.” She put her hands in her hair almost as if she was surrendering. 
I had broken my wife. 
“Mom and Dad said that it was going to be more difficult for them to bring home a baby, and that was okay, because I didn’t want a baby. I wanted someone that was like me, another spunky ten year old. What was I going to do with a baby, I told them,” she laughed again at that thought. 
“Do you remember how I excited I was, Sebastian? How many times did I talk about my new sister that my parents were going to bring home for me?” she asked.
“Yes, I remember, Babygirl,” I replied. 
“The day that they brought her home was one of happiest days of my life. She was so skittish and shy at first.” She looked at me, “Do you remember, Sebastian? She moved right to you when she came in, I should have known it then,” she said.
The memory of that day plays in my mind as I hear Julia talk. I remember the look of fear in Olivia’s eyes. I remember being a twelve year old boy who was nothing but hormones, look into the eyes of the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. Being so young and feeling so drawn to another human being was the most awkward and exhilarating thing for me to understand. 
“From that day forward, she was attached to us like glue. We were all always together…The Three Musketeers.” I wanted to walk over to Julia again, but I knew better.
“I loved my sister, Sebastian. I loved her like she was my blood, to me she was; I didn’t care where she came from, she was mine. The moment I saw you look at her for the first time…I knew…I knew I’d lost you…you had never looked at me like that before. The eyes you had for her were the eyes I had for you. Did you know Sebastian? Did you know how long I’ve been in love with you?” she asked.
“I do,” I replied.
“I got passed it. For so long I wanted a sister, that I didn’t care that she took you away. I knew that you would always still be in my life and that’s all that mattered to me. That was enough,” she sighed.
She looked me straight in the eyes, “The day that she died was the best and worst day of my life, Sebastian. It was the day I lost my sister and the day that I gained you.” She sadly smiled at me, “I knew that I could have you then, I knew you would look at me then…finally…I had my chance.” More tears came down Julia’s face. “I’ve never said that out loud before.”
“That’s not the way it happened, Julia, you and I didn’t get together for years after Olivia’s death,” I retorted.
“I know…” she sighed. “I knew I had to let you be. You needed to find your way, but I knew it would lead back to me. And I waited, Sebastian. I waited for you. The day you showed up at my apartment, you kissed me, and told me that you loved me. You came after me, Sebastian…why?”
I looked at my wife, the mother of my child, the woman I had loved for so long.
“Because, Babygirl…I did love you…I do love you. I came to you that night, because I needed you. It was the three year anniversary of Olivia’s death. I woke up that morning knowing that I needed to let her go, and the moment I realized that…I saw your face. I bought a plane ticket home and the rest is history.” I moved over to her and she let me. I sat on the edge of the coffee table and put my hands on the sides of her face, I made her look right at me.
“I love you, Julia, I’m sorry.” I could hear the pain and agony in my voice.
“I know…” she responded. I moved in to kiss her and she pushed me back.
“I can’t, Sebastian…” She looked down at her lap and asked, “How long were you with her?” she asked.
“Ysabelle…her name is Ysabelle,” I responded. 
“Don’t you fucking dare say her name in my house, Sebastian. How long have you been with her? Do you love her?” she said, openly bawling her eyes out.
I took a deep breath. “I don’t know, Julia. I don’t know what I feel for her. I met her over a year ago at one of my client’s yacht parties. I thought I was going crazy, she looked so much like Olivia. My mind was playing tricks on me…I had to find out who she was…I had to know everything about her,” I said.
“Do you know that she’s a whore, Sebastian? Do you know that she gets paid to be with men? She was using you,” she alleged.
“Yes…Julia. I knew right from beginning what she was. I couldn’t stop myself. I tried, I swear to you I tried.”  
“SHE’S NOT FUCKING OLIVIA!” she screamed and shoved me away. I put my hands in my hair, and God did I want to rip it the fuck out. 
“What the fuck, Sebastian? You slept with a whore, someone who sleeps with men for money…Jesus Christ…did you have no regard for me?” She shuddered, “I mean diseases. Did you even use protection, because we don’t.”
“It’s not like that, Babygirl, you were never at risk.”
She scuffed. “Well…that’s fucking fantastic, Sebastian. Does that make it better? Should I be happy now?” she screamed.
“No, it doesn’t make it better. I’m just stating the facts. What I did was wrong. I know that. I couldn’t help it, Julia. I would never want to hurt you; I would die before I hurt you. You know that!” I argued.
“I don’t know a Goddamn thing, Sebastian…not one Goddamn thing. How long, Sebastian? How long did you betray me with your fucking lies? How long were you fucking another woman and coming home to me?” she cried, coming after me. She hit me everywhere she could and I took every last cathartic blow. 
“You fucking bastard! I hate you, Sebastian! Do you fucking hear me, I fucking hate you!” she screamed over and over again, never letting up on pushing me or hitting me. 
I couldn’t take it anymore and I grabbed and turned her around holding her to me. 
“I know, Babygirl, I know. I’m so fucking sorry. I can’t change it, I can’t take it back, all I can do is prove to you that I love you. That nothing like this will ever happen again. I need to earn back your love and trust, I know that. Please forgive me, I fucked up,” I pleaded, trying to hold her still. 
“Why am I never enough for you, Sebastian? Why?” she cried, going weak at the knees. I slowly let her go and felt her slide down my body until she was sitting at my feet hugging her entire body and comforting herself. 
I had never felt more like a piece of shit in all of my life. I had broken the one person who had always given me everything. I crouched down with her and held her in my arms, rocking her back and forth. “I’ll make it better, Babygirl, I promise. I’ll make it better,” I repeated over and over again. 
I picked her up and carried her to our bedroom. I placed her on my chest and tried to soothe her with reassuring words, and she let me. We stayed like that for the rest of the day until both of us fell asleep from exhaustion. 


<>*<>Y<>*<>


I spent the next few days recovering from the crazy mess that was my life. Although the bruise was fading, it didn’t take away the pain and anguish I felt in the depths of my being. 
I still couldn’t believe what had gone down at The Gala, never in my wildest dreams had I imagined Sebastian acting anything remotely like that. The look on his poor wife’s face was enough to make me feel terrible. Not one time did I ever even think about her, about how she would feel when she found out. The truth always finds its way of being revealed; that’s the beauty of lies, they never stay hidden. 
I didn’t even think it was possible to feel any less of a human being than I already did. I was a selfish woman. I had always thought about myself and what I needed to get through the day, never taking into account other people’s emotions, I don’t think I was ever a good person.
Good people don’t destroy other people’s lives like I did on a daily basis. How many married men had I’d been with? How many lives had I ruined? I had toyed with anything that would come my way and I enjoyed it. I relished being able to control my clients. 
I had no one. No family, no friends, no life outside of VIP. Then suddenly my life became consumed with Sebastian and I just lived for him. I had no idea what it felt like to live for me. I thought I was happy before Sebastian, but I wasn’t. I was living in a fantasy of sex, drugs, and money; where greed and vanity ruled my everyday existence. 
I hated myself. I hated who I let myself become. I could barely look at myself in the mirror the last few days. 
I put on a maxi dress and wedges, applied my makeup perfectly, with my curly wavy hair flowing. I packed an overnight bag with Chance and walked through my parking garage to my car. 
I rolled down all the windows and placed my aviator Channel sunglasses on my face while I smiled in my rearview mirror. I drove all the way to Tampa with BPM satellite radio station blaring out my vehicle. I didn’t want to hear my thoughts; if I did, I wouldn’t be able to do what I needed to accomplish. 
I got to the neighborhood I grew up in at 2:30 p.m., and it looked as if I had never left. It took me over nine years to return to my childhood home and it was still the unkept nightmare I remembered. 
As I got out of my car, I caught the stares of everyone looking at me. This was definitely not the place to be driving a luxury vehicle, that’s for sure. My clothing screamed wealth and even my dog didn’t want to take a shit in the grass. I tied Chance to a post in the yard and placed a rawhide in front of him. I could still keep him in my vision from where I was going. 
Walking up to my childhood home seemed so surreal. All the memories and flashbacks of enduring all the shitty things that had ever happened to me came tumbling back. I made it to the front porch with the planks creaking beneath my feet. I took a deep breath and knocked, I waited a few minutes before knocking again.
I’m not sure why I was so nervous. Well, I kind of knew. I’d walked out on my mother when I was sixteen. Why was that haunting me? She walked out on me more times than I could count. She never cared about me. Not one day of my life did I have the nurturing from her that a mother should want to give to her child. 
Reaching for the doorknob, it turned in my hand. I cautiously pushed it open. I could smell the stench before I was even inside. Instantly, a wave of cigarettes, cheap liquor, and some ungodly smell that I couldn’t even begin to describe assaulted my senses.
“Hello?” I called into the empty room, taking baby steps as I entered. 
“Is anybody here?” I yelled. 
I took in the scenery, looking around at the God awful mess. It looked far worse than what I had remembered. There was filth everywhere; rotten food, cigarette butts, piles of garbage, and buzzing flies roamed the area. Dirty clothing was scattered throughout the room. I noticed a rolled up blanket in the corner with something yellowish green and crusty dried to the fuzz. That explained the unfamiliar smell. I stepped around the paraphernalia, and what looked like a used needle, causing a crunch under the toe of my wedge sandal. I had never been so disgusted in all my life. 
Walking over to my old room, I pushed on the door with the back of my hand, not wanting to touch it or anything else in this filth. Piles and piles of junk were everywhere. I couldn’t even see the mattress, it was like my mother had become a hoarder of garbage. I resisted the urge to find a trash bag and start pitching the junk. Walking past the bathroom was by far the worst of it all, the yellow and black ring around the toilet, the nauseating smells coming from the shower, and more garbage. 
I was terrified to learn what I would find when I made it to my mother’s room. I envisioned her passed out cold across her bed. Pushing it with the back of my hand the same way I had to my own room, I found it empty. It was much of the same, maybe a little cleaner; still a dump, just less trash. 
I couldn’t fathom how my mother was even living here. I wouldn’t even let my dog go in there. It made me sick and sad all at the same time. My mother was scum, although she didn’t deserve this life any more than I had. 
I couldn’t take the smell anymore and I made my way to the living room when I heard the front door opening. 
“Who the fuck?” I heard my mother say before looking over to see me. Her head cocked to the side, trying to take in and recognize who I was. 
She looked old and strung out, not the beautiful woman I remembered. The skin on her face looked pasty and eaten up. Her yellow bloodshot eyes stared back at me, until recognition dawned on her and she smiled, to which I saw yellow and missing teeth in her mouth. 
“Well, look what the fucking cat dragged in,” she said in a raspy voice I didn’t recognize. 
“Hi, Mom,” I replied. 
She laughed. “Mom…? Now there’s something I don’t hear every day.” She pulled her cigarettes from her brown paper bag and cheap ass Banker’s Club vodka, chugging a quarter of it. She swiped the excess with the back of her hand and stared at me intently while she lit her cigarette.
“I can’t imagine you’re here to ask for money?” she spewed. 
“No. I just…I just want some answers, I guess.” I wasn’t sure where this cowardly weak voice was coming from. It was like I was once again the little girl with the sad eyes looking up to my screaming mother.  
“And how the fuck can I help you with that?” 
I nervously chuckled. “You’d think that you’d be happy to see me or something.” 
“Are you fucking with me? I’ve barely even noticed you were fucking gone. It saved me time and money not having you around.” 
Crossing my arms, I hugged myself uneasily. Jesus…I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. She really didn’t give two shits about me, not that I was expecting much, just maybe a little more than this.
“What? Am I being too insensitive? Do you need a tissue?” she asked in a condescending tone, blowing smoke straight up into the already polluted air.
“Listen, I’m sorry to have bothered you.” 
“You bothered me the day you were born,” she scuffed.
“What does Princess Ysabelle want, a fairy tale? Do you want me to tell you how much I loved you? How much I wanted you? Well you came to the wrong fucking place for that. The truth is you were nothing but a fucking mistake.” 
I was stunned, shocked, dazed and maybe a little traumatized. I just stood there and took it all in, not believing what I was hearing. I had to remind myself that she was the miserable one. She couldn’t help who or what she’d become. She was just following the vicious cycle, that everyone she’d had ever known did. I felt sorry for her. 
“The only good thing you ever did for me was spread your legs like the little whore I knew you’d be. I made a $1,000 that night. I thought I was going to have to hold you down my damn self, but you didn’t make a fucking peep, I knew you’d enjoy it,” she laughed. “Like mother like daughter, eh baby?” 
I wanted to say the mean things back that she was saying to me. I didn’t. She was right to a certain point. I guess the apple really doesn’t fall far from the tree. I learned to do it with some class. She didn’t. I was no better than her. I sold myself just like she did. She was paid with drugs, I was paid with luxuries. Did that make me better? 
“I’m sorry things turned out like this for you, though things weren’t exactly picture perfect for me either,” I reminded her.
“Oh come on, you play the victim card so fucking well. Did you rehearse that? Look at you,” she said, waving her cigarette up and down my attire with her lips snarled in disgust at me, “Dressed in your expensive clothes and nice car, it seems like you turned out all right. You should be fucking thanking me for giving you life, you ungrateful little fuck. You’re fucking lucky I didn’t leave you in the trash the first time you wouldn’t fucking sleep through the night. It took everything I had not to put a pillow over your face.”
“What the fuck? I’m your fucking child!” I yelled, willing the tears to stay put. I didn’t think there was anything she could say to hurt me. I was wrong. This was my mother, this lady brought me into this world and chose not to take care of me. And now, well, she chose to make me feel guilty for her having me. 
She stomped the five steps to me, closing the space between us. “Fuck you! Who the hell do you think you are, coming in here judging me for my choices? I gave you life. You think you’re better than me…you’re nothing, just trailer trash dressed in nice clothes, you fuck. 
“What have you been doing all these years, Ysabelle? How are you driving around in that fancy fucking car out there? That dog out there a fucking pedigree? You wearing these fancy duds because you sell your pussy? Is that what you do, Ysabelle?” she screamed in my face, leaving me no choice but to smell the smoke and cheap ass vodka on her breath.
I took a deep breath, trying to regain my composure. “And to think, I came here hoping to get a little closure from you, to get something, anything but this, Mom. I wasn’t expecting this at all. I just wanted to see you, make sure you were okay, and I don’t know, maybe see if there was anything you needed. Not this. I never dreamed of this.” 
“I didn’t fucking want you,” she screamed again. My words had no effect on her whatsoever. It was a hopeless cause. 
“You were nothing but a pain in my ass and it looks like things haven’t fucking changed. Don’t try to act like a saint with me. I know what you did with those boys. Spreading your legs for anyone that would give you any fucking attention. I saw you. I watched you right out there in that alley. You let that boy put his hands in your pants. You were such a needy little girl,” she reminded me. 
“I can’t believe what I’m hearing. Do you have any fucking clue why I did any of those things! I did it because I fucking had to. You never gave a shit about me; I had to fend for myself, you selfish bitch!” I screamed, trying to catch my breath, “Who’s my father?” I questioned, needing to change the conversation. 
She snorted. “Fuck if I know. I don’t know who you belong to. Why the fuck would I care? Men are as disposable as you fucking are. Ugh…get the fuck out of my house, you’re killing my buzz,” she demanded, walking back to her bedroom.
“You know, for the longest time I thought it was me,” I confessed, causing her to stop dead in her tracks, turn around and gawk at me with the same look of disgust that she had since she walked through that door.
“I thought it was my fault, why you didn’t love me. I thought I deserved to be treated the way you treated me. I spent the first twelve years of my life, trying to be a good girl for you, hoping if I was good, you’d love me. You want to hear the really fucked up part, Mom?” I asked, sitting on the edge of the filthy sofa. I had to sit down, I wasn’t prepared for the wave of emotions. 
“I still loved you. I loved you even though I never had shit to eat. I loved you when I had blisters all over my feet because you didn’t buy me shoes. I loved you when I went to school smelling like this filth. I loved you when I laid on that disease infested mattress that you would use as if it was fucking yours. I loved you when I would get on that bus every morning and listen to the kids make fun of me for wearing the same shirt for a week at a time.” I blew out a puff of air and took in a deep breath, trying to continue. I looked up to see her face. She looked like a sad, weak, desolate human being. 
“Do you remember any of that? I loved you when I laid in that room, crying because I was afraid all the men were hurting you as I listened to you moan. Did you ever care? Did you ever care that your three, four, five year old little girl was laying in there crying because she was scared for you? I even fucking loved you after you let a man come into my room and rape me.” 
I stood, knowing that I’d said enough, any more and I wasn’t going to be able to control my tears that were begging to be released. I reached into my purse, pulled out a wad of cash and dropped it on the coffee table with the rest of the trash. I walked to the door and I turned around one last time. 
“You’re nothing but a fucking bottom feeder. You’re a waste of a human being. You will die in this shithole by yourself with your drugs and booze. The county will come and cremate your fucking body and they will call me to come get you, and I will tell them to throw you in the dumpster where you fucking belong,” I violently spoke. 
“Get a good look at me, Mom, because this will be the last time you will ever see my face again,” I affirmed before I turned and walked out of my mother’s life. 
I walked out that door vowing to myself that I would never come close to that woman as long as I lived. I smiled at the little boys, playing with Chance as I wiped the uncontrollable falling tears. 
No sooner was I in my car with the door shut did I heave. I cried for a life no child should ever have to endure. 
I wanted Sebastian. God, I needed Sebastian. 


Chapter 27

I walked around my condo in a haze of emotional exhaustion for the next few days. Grey Goose and I had become BFF’s. I knew what I had to do; I was just trying to get up the nerve to actually do it. I appreciated all that Madam had done for me. I really don't know where I would have been without her. This wasn't about her. It was about me. 
If I was ever going to feel any self worth whatsoever, I had to do it. It was frightening and I wasn't sure where to go. Hell, I wasn't even sure who the hell Ysabelle even was without men. Finally, when I woke on Wednesday morning, I jumped out of bed, walked Chance, dressed, and went straight to my car. 
I drove to Madam’s and took a deep breath before making my way to her office where I knew she would be. It was interesting to think that this was the room that it all started, and now I was here to end it; I had come full circle. 
Madam greeted me like she always had.
“We need to talk,” I cautioned as she kissed my cheek.
“And what about, darling?”
I moved to sit on the couch. It was the very same one where I had shared my first experience with a woman. She followed me, placing her hands in her lap. 
“I can’t do this anymore,” I spoke. 
“Do what, Bella Rosa?” 
“I can’t be a VIP,” I quickly stated before I lost the nerve. 
She nodded, “And why is that? For the married man?”
“No, for me. That’s over. I appreciate everything that you have ever done for me. I’m not the same person anymore. I don’t know when it happened but I’ve changed. I don’t need or want the same things that I used to. I hope you can understand that.”
“And what is it exactly that you’re going to do now?” she sarcastically questioned. 
“I’m not quite sure, I’m going to travel for a while. It’s amazing that I’ve been almost everywhere around the world and I never really took it in. I’d like to do that now,” I explained. 
“All right. So you will do a little sabbatical and once you’re done, you’ll come home.” 
“I don’t think so. Better yet, I know I won’t.” 
“Ysabelle, I’ve been doing this a very long time. You’ll come back, you’ll get bored, you’ll need excitement; you’ll be back. Women like us are made like that, it doesn’t just stop because you want it to, it’s in our blood,” she stated. 
“I want more, Madam, I want it all.” 
She chuckled, “You want the white picket fence, the 2.5 kids, and the husband. Jesus Christ, Ysabelle, have you learned nothing these last few years? I mean how many married men have you been with? Have you ever seen a happy marriage?”
“What happened to you? What happened to make you this way?” 
“Oh…now we’re sharing sob stories? Nothing has happened to me, I’m a fucking realist. This is the real world, Ysabelle, I showed it to you.” 
I put my hand on my chest, “Oh my God, you knew?” I affirmed. “You knew what Slavic was going to do. You set me up.” 
She rolled her eyes and moved back to her desk. 
“Why?” I demanded.
“You’re acting like a spoiled child, you’ve learned nothing. 
“Were you trying to punish me?” 
“I’ve told you since day one not to fuck with me or my business. You think I wanted it to come to this? You were my favorite and you repay me with letting all of it go for love. Well, Ysabelle, how’d that work out for you? Was it worth it?” 
I hesitated a moment taking in her hurtful words. “Yes, it was. I learned the meaning of my self-worth. I’m better than this, Madam, I know that now.” 
“You’ll be back, they always come back.” 
“I’m not doing this out of spite, Madam, I can’t sell myself anymore. I’m thankful for everything that you did for me, because I would be nowhere without you. You gave me what I needed, but I’m done with it. It’s time for me to try something else. Please understand that?” 
She deeply sighed. “You will always have a family here, Bella Rosa. I will help you in any way that I can.” Even though she was saying the words, I knew she truly didn’t mean them, at least not yet. I would give her time to accept my decision. 
I smiled, “Thank you.”
I hugged and kissed her goodbye. I walked out of that house and knew that it was going to be for the last time.


It didn’t take me long to get all my belongings in order and truthfully, I wasn’t taking much with me. I filled three suitcases full of things that I needed. I left behind the gowns, the $3,000 shoes, the purses, and the endless amounts of diamonds and jewelry I had acquired over the years. I didn’t want any of it. 
I packed what I thought would work for my new lifestyle. I was done being the made up version of myself, I wanted to be normal, and I wanted to fit in. I didn’t need the glitz and the glamour anymore. If I was being honest, I never felt like it was really me. 
I had no idea who I was and I was hoping that I would find out. Eventually, I hoped I could look in the mirror again and not feel shame, guilt, or remorse. I didn’t know if I even knew what happiness meant. I was sure as hell going to try to find it now. 
To say that I stopped loving and thinking about Sebastian would have been a lie. I thought about him every day, it had been a month since I had seen him but it felt like years. Do I regret meeting him and being with him…absolutely not. In a very fucked up way, Sebastian saved me from myself. He showed me what it was to love and I hadn’t ever thought that was possible for me. 
Even though our affair was ridiculous, he cared about me. I’m not blind and I know it was there. It was a screwed up situation for everyone involved. I wished him the best and I hoped that it would work out with his family because that’s where he belonged. He was never mine, and I was never his; we lived in a delusional state of mind where we both thought it could work.
In the back of my mind, I knew it was only a matter of time until the shit hit the proverbial fan. All good things must come to an end…and good things come to those who wait, right? Well I was done waiting, I was going after my new happiness. It was Chance and I now. As I walked out the door of my condo, I looked back, taking it all in. I was really doing this.
I put all my belongings in my car with Chance and made my way to one last stop. 
I checked my phone as I heard it ping with a text message. 
	
B – I always knew you weren’t a lifer. 
Y – Madam upset?
B – She will get over it. You will always be one of us, Bella, you’re welcome home anytime. 
Y – I will keep in touch.
B – You better. Be safe and take care. I <3 you. 
Y– XO

I walked into the bar and found a smiling Devon holding his baby boy. 
“Hey, Kid,” he said.
“You have baby in a bar,” I laughed. 
He rocked the baby back and forth, “Yeah…we’re closed, and I’m starting him young.” 
“You look really good holding that baby, Devon; fatherhood suits you,” I said while sitting on the barstool. 
“Well, you should have walked in ten minutes ago, I had spit up and puke all down my shirt. It was a sight I’m sure,” he smirked. “So to what do I owe the honor of your presence, Kid?” 
“I came to say hello…and goodbye,” I stated. 
He looked confused, “Goodbye?” 
“Yeah…I’m going to get this show on the road. Miami turned out to be too much for me, I think. I’m going to try something different. I couldn’t leave without saying goodbye to you.” 
“Are you being serious? You’re joking, right?” he questioned, laying his baby in the car seat and walking around the bar to me.
“I’m dead serious,” I said as he sat down.
He cocked his head to the side, “Why? I don’t understand.” 
“I don’t really understand either, you know me, Devon, I’m like a bird, I need to fly and stretch my wings. I’ll keep in touch, I promise.” 
“Where are you headed?” 
“Not quite sure, I’m going to travel for a bit and figure it out,” I confirmed. 
“Wow…I don’t even know what to say. I’m going to miss you, Kid. What am I going to do without you?” 
I chuckled, “You’re going to be an amazing husband and father, like I have no doubt you will be.” 
He sighed, accepting my answer and leaned over the counter to grab two shot glasses and a bottle of Patrón.
“One for the road, for old time’s sake.”
“You know it.” 
He poured the shots and we clinked our glasses, “To moving forward,” he cheered. 
“I gotta get going, I’m going to miss my flight,” I stated, standing up before this turned too emotional. 
“It’s because of him isn’t it? The asshole,” he asked and I shrugged. 
He pulled me into the deepest and most genuine hug, and finally after what seemed like an eternity, kissed my forehead and let me go. 
We were both a bit teary eyed, “Shit…look at us…I’ll see you again, Devon, I promise,” I reassured him. 
“I know,” he nodded. 
I squeezed his hand and smiled, I walked toward the door and just as I was opening it, I turned around. 
“Devon…” I said, making him turn to face me.
“Yeah, Kid?” he answered.
“Thank you for everything. And even though I’ve never said it, you know I love you, right?” It was the first time the words “I love you” left my mouth, and I truly believed it. 
He smiled, “I love you, too, Kid. Take care of yourself and call me as soon as you get settled.” 
“Of course.” 
I walked out of the bar and said goodbye to my past as I walked into my future. 


<>*<>S<>*<>


“What the hell, Sebastian? Are you freaking kidding me? I love how important this is for you,” Julia yelled through the phone. 
It wasn’t my fault. I wasn’t discarding our counseling appointment on purpose. I had no idea this client was going to buy today. It usually took at least two yacht tours to close a deal. He was ready the moment we stepped on board. 
“How exactly would you like me to proceed, Julia? I’ll just walk up to him and say, ‘hey, sorry man. We’re going to have to do this some other time. I have to go to marriage counseling with my wife’?” I snapped right back.
“Yeah, Sebastian, you do that. Why don’t you tell him why we are even in marriage counseling to begin with?”
“This is never going to work like this. I can’t apologize any more than I already have. It’s been eight fucking months, Julia. I can’t take it back, and you can’t continue to throw it in my face or punish me for it.”
“You know what? Just forget it, Sebastian. I will see you at home. Are you getting Christian, or can you not find the time for him either?”
Oh, my fucking God. She was impossible. “I will get Christian,” I replied, hanging up before I said something that I would be apologizing for later. It seemed like that was all I was doing anymore. I couldn’t say anything without pissing her off. We were constantly at each other’s throats. 
I made an amazing sale that day, wishing I had someone to celebrate it with. I did just that. I took my son to the park and celebrated with him. Julia was calling around 7 p.m. wanting to know where we were.
“Hey, Babygirl,” I answered, watching Christian run up the slide.
“Hey, Sebby. I’m sorry,” she apologized. “Where are you?”
“The park, celebrating my big sale today with Christian.”
“Come home and celebrate with me.”
“We’ll be there soon,” I promised with a deep sigh. I would go home, things would seem great, I’d make love to my wife, and start it all over the next morning, probably with an argument about something stupid. It had become our routine for the past eight months. It was exhausting.	
I got home to find Julia making a cake in the kitchen. She had flour on her face and frosting on her lips, I laughed. 
“Whatcha doing there, Babygirl?” I tempted her with a smile, walking over to her. 
“Making my husband a cake. Want some?” she seductively asked, raising the spoon to my mouth. I licked it off and then leaned in to kiss the frosting off her, she tasted like vanilla, chocolate, and Julia. 
“Hey! I want some too,” Christian exclaimed, trying to jump up to the counter. We laughed as I placed him on the counter. We spent the rest of the evening as a family, laughing, talking, and then we put Christian to bed. I stared at the ceiling fan waiting for Julia to come out of the shower. 
We were both trying to get past my infidelity, trying to make it work, and to put the pieces back together that were scattered in the wind. 	
As much as both of us wanted to make it work, something was missing; I didn’t know if it had always been missing or we just seem to lose it along the way. 
Julia came out wearing a sexy white negligée and the image of Ysabelle quickly went through my mind, I pushed it away as fast as it appeared. This occurrence happened often and I was an expert on trying to make it go away. 
She seductively walked over to me and straddled my hips, I grabbed the back of her neck and brought her lips toward me. I kissed her with all the desire I could invoke; I wanted Julia to feel loved, to feel wanted. That’s what she repeatedly expressed to the counselor, and it was never my intention for her to feel unloved that way. This is where I could show her that I loved her, to make her feel secure. I knew Julia’s body better than she did. 
I whispered that I loved her in her ear and made my way down to her neck, right near her collarbone where she enjoyed it the most. I pulled the lingerie over her head and flipped her over so that I was on top, I brought my mouth to her nipple and she moaned in delight. Her hands found my hair and she lightly tugged on it to provoke me even further.   
My fingers found her moist entrance just waiting for me to please her. I pushed in lightly at first to gain a reaction, and she weakened beneath me.
“Does that feel good, Babygirl? Huh? Do you want me to stop?” I asked seductively. 
She whimpered in response, Julia was never much of a talker and that also made me miss the familiarity of…STOP. 
I pushed two fingers in and curved until I felt the rigid nerve endings of her g-spot. I pressed harder and harder until I felt her gripping around my fingers. Once I felt the wet warmth of her release, I kicked off my shorts and began to thrust into her. 
“I want to be on top,” she stated. I flipped us over and placed my hands on her thighs. She started riding me hard and fast. I played with her clit and pushed up with my hips.
“Yes…Babygirl…ride my cock, just like that,” I encouraged her. 
I felt myself starting to lose it and Julia was right there with me. When I felt her tighten around me, I let myself go, groaning while I came deep inside of her. She collapsed on top of me and I kissed all over her face. She half-heartedly smiled and gave me a quick kiss before curling up next me to lay her head on my shoulder; I wrapped my arm around her. 
I could feel her thinking, “What is it, Babygirl?” I gathered. 
“I never stopped taking birth control.” I attempted to move, “Don’t move. I’ll lose the courage if you move.” 
I hesitated, “What are you talking about?” 
“When we decided to try to have another baby, Sebastian, I never stopped taking birth control. I’m still taking it.” 
“Julia?”
“I know what you’re going to say, it’s been years and I never stopped taking it. I just…I don’t even know, Sebby. I’ve wanted you for so long that I never stopped to think about what it was actually going to be like once you were mine, or what it was you wanted.”
“I want you, Julia. You know that. I love you,” I protested. I didn’t want her to feel this way. I did love her. It may not have been the way she wanted me to love her, but I did. I would die for her in a heartbeat. 
“You never stopped taking the pill? I don’t get it, Jules.”
“Please, just let me talk, Sebastian. I love you more than anything in this world. I told myself every day that this was the last day that I would pop one in my mouth. The next morning it would happen again. It just never felt right.” 
“You should have told me. All this time and nothing has happened, don’t you think that’s something we should have talked about?” 
“Sebastian…it’s not working. We’re not working. And as much as I want to blame you for everything, I can’t…I don’t know if we were ever meant to be more. Like the fantasy of us is so much better than the reality.” 
“Julia, what are you saying?”
She moved to look at me, “Sebastian, I have known you my entire life, and I know you like the back of my hand. You would never hurt me. I think we’ve been playing house for so long that we decided to carry that on as adults,” she anxiously laughed.
 “There has always been something missing between you and I. I didn’t stop taking birth control because I knew it, I thought it would go away, and then your affair happened. I couldn’t help but think, ‘Thank God’. Jesus, I was relieved that it wasn’t just all in my head.” 
I laid still, listening to Julia’s revelations about our marriage. I guess I was somewhat dumbfounded. 
“You’ve never been with me one hundred percent, Sebby. You never looked at me the way you looked at Olivia. I guess I tried to put that to rest when we laid her to rest. Do you know when I realized it, Sebastian?”
I didn’t answer. She wasn’t asking for an answer. I continued to listen as my heart began to break into tiny little pieces. I hated that she felt this way, but she was right. I knew it, she knew it, and no matter how much I tried to deny it. It was fact.
“I realized it that night at The Gala, the way you looked at her. You looked at her with the same want and desire that you used to look at Olivia with. We’ve never had that, Sebby.”
She cupped the side of my face, “I think it’s time we both realize that it’s just not going to work. It doesn’t matter how much counseling we go to or how many babies we bring into the house, we’re not meant to be together. I never want you to not be in my life, Sebastian, but it’s time we both figure out what exactly it is that we’re doing,” she explained. 
My mind was spinning “I have no idea what to even say, Julia, I-”
She put her finger to my lips, “You don’t have to say anything. It’s time, Sebastian.” 
“I love you, Julia,” I whispered, saying the only thing that I could think of. 
“I know you do, Sebastian, but sometimes that’s not enough,” she whispered back. 
I nodded. I never in a million years thought this would be how we would end. Even when I was with Ysabelle, I never imagined that Julia and I would end. As much as I wanted to make it work, it was never going to. I needed to acknowledge that Julia also had reservations and that as much as we wanted to do the right thing, sometimes the right thing was just admitting defeat. 
We cried, kissed, and made love one last time as husband and wife. 


It took six months to finalize our divorce. We both agreed to joint custody, and sold all of our assets and split the earnings which took another four months. It had been a year since we decided to divorce; we agreed that someday, maybe we could work on our friendship, as of right now, we only spoke when it concerned Christian. All of it went pretty smoothly considering everything we had gone through. 
I bought a 45 Cantius when I stopped living at The W. I rented the room Ysabelle and I shared for a couple months before deciding that I wanted to live on a yacht. I think I was punishing myself for everything I put everyone through. I hurt both women who I loved more than life itself. Being around the memories of Ysabelle both hurt and healed me. I can’t explain how it did, but it helped me move on from the past. I craved her more than ever now. I missed absolutely everything about her.
Once I moved into the yacht, Christian loved coming aboard and being my first mate. I spent a lot of time alone, reflecting. I hadn’t seen her in well over a year and a half, but not a day went by that I didn’t think about her. Being on the water daily made me think about her even more. I didn’t even notice that all the steps I took to move forward were all steps in her direction; everything I did to remind myself of what we had, of what I wanted more than anything. 
I was done living for everyone else; I was never going to live in regret again. Before I even knew what I was doing, I found myself at the bar where we first talked. 
The bartender who she addressed as Devon noticed me immediately as I sat at the barstool, “What can I get you?” 
“Jack Daniels on the rocks and maybe some information,” I probed. 
He nodded serving me my drink, “And what exactly do you think I can do for you?” 
“I thought maybe you knew something about a friend of mine, someone I haven’t heard from or seen in quite some time,” I causally replied.  
“Oh…Ysabelle?” he cautioned. “She’s not around anymore,” he nonchalantly stated while handing me my drink and sipped his own.
“What do you mean she’s not around?” What the fuck was he talking about?
“She left town over a year and a half ago. Probably closer to two years.” I sighed in disappointment. I finished my drink in one gulp, smiled, and left a $20 on the bar. 
“You looking for her?” he asked as I was opening the door.
“Yeah, do you know where I could talk to her?” I questioned. 
He nodded and I walked back to stand by the bar.
“What are your intentions? I love Ysabelle and from what I’ve heard, which is very little, you’re nothing but bad news. I don’t want her getting hurt more than she already has.” 
“I never meant for anyone to get hurt. If you could tell me where I could reach her, I promise you, I’ll never hurt her again,” I affirmed. 
He paused for a moment taking in everything I was saying, “Make sure of it.” 
He handed me a business card. My heart sped up in fear, it was the second time a man had handed me a business card in reference to Ysabelle.
I looked at the card, “What is this?” I questioned, confused. It had her name above the title of a bar, and it said “owner”. 
“It’s where you can find her, she lives in Turks and Caicos and owns that bar, Chances.” 
I laughed, “She really did it.” 
“One thing you need to know about Ysabelle, is that the woman will do anything she sets her mind to.” 
“Thank you, you have no idea how much I appreciate it,” I said, extending out my right hand. 
He shook it, “Prove it.”  
I didn’t know what the fuck I was doing, all I knew was that I had to try. I was turning the page to my new life, with the hope that she hadn’t already turned hers. 




































Epilogue

<>*<>Y<>*<>


Owning a bar was easier than I ever thought it could possibly be. I had flown Devon up for a few weeks to help me get it started and show me what I had to do to make it succeed. I quickly learned that vacationers like their sports, their alcohol, and their women. It was easy to find staff that I enjoyed working with. I catered to men, women, and families. I loved being on the island, and looked forward to waking up every morning and meeting new people. It was as if I was reborn in a different way. My past seemed like a lifetime ago, and for the first time in my life, I truly felt like I was home. 
I learned a lot about myself over the last year and nine months. I was funny, smart, and quite charismatic. Throughout the time of finding myself, the one thing that I realized, my huge wake up call and revelation, was that I was lost. I wanted something in my life that I assumed was the power I held over men. I learned that it wasn’t that all along, it was the feeling of belonging somewhere. I thought I could never love a man, because I wasn’t made like that, but in reality I couldn’t love anyone because I never loved myself. After every client, I felt empty and alone. 
I would push those thoughts away, just making myself think that I was that kind of person. I wasn’t, it was complete and utter bullshit that I would tell myself to continue with the choices that I was making. I was sabotaging myself. I didn’t think I deserved anything good to happen to me. In reality, I was still that lost little girl that wanted someone to love her, and I pretended that I was getting that when I was a VIP. All I was doing was burying myself in a deeper hole that I created in the first place. 
I wake up every morning with a huge smile on my face. I know now that I am worthy of amazing things to happen and to come to me if I let them. I no longer have to live in fear of not belonging somewhere, because I do. I have that here on the island, I have that with VIP, and I have that with Devon. I am loved and I can love in return, with no remorse, regret, or trepidation that it will be taken away from me. I am who I am and she is fucking fabulous. 
The family that I established here, we looked out for each other. I kept in touch with everyone. Brooke had come with some of the girls for a two week getaway and they caused more trouble than I knew what to do with, but damn did they bring in a crowd. Madam calls every so often to check up on me, and little by little, the resentment in her voice turned neutral. I knew she thought that I would eventually return, but it was never going to happen. In her own scary way, Madam does love me; she was a mother to me in many ways. Like any parent, she punished me the only way she knew how. I’m sure there’s a huge story with her that I will never know, because everyone has a past. I was fortunate enough to be able to leave it there. 
I had settled in nicely. Building a bar right on the water, turned out to be quite profitable. The nightclub that it turned into after dark pulled in all the tourists and people from all over the continent. I had a 1,000 square foot space built above it where I lived. I lived and breathed the bar, it was mine. I had earned enough money with VIP to last me several lifetimes, and with the revenue from the bar, I’d never have to worry about being that little girl that I left in section eight housing ever again. 
 Devon was coming next month with his family; his wife and I made friends, sort of…my life had slowly turned into what I needed it to become. I was happy. I never thought I would know what that feeling was, I was hopeful for what the future would bring. 
However, when I allowed myself to think about Sebastian, it hurt a little less every time. 
One afternoon I was lying in my hammock reading when I heard Chance bark and take off after something. I quickly took off after him, and I couldn’t block the sun from my eyes. When I finally got close enough to see who was petting him, I thought I was imagining it. 
I stopped dead in my tracks and just waited. He smiled at me, brushed the sand off his lap, and slowly walked over to me. 
“What are you doing here?” I blurted out. 
He laughed and smiled, God did I miss that laugh and smile. 
“You look more beautiful than I ever remember. I thought we could start over,” he smirked.
I cocked my head to the side and couldn’t help noticing that his ring finger was bare and there was no tan line, it had been off, and it had been off for a while. 
He extended out his right hand, “My name’s Sebastian Vanwell,” he nodded, smiling. 
I grinned, “Ysabelle Telle,” I replied, shaking his hand, “my friends call me, Ysa.” 
We stood there for a long time, taking each other in, remembering what it was that we did to each other. The chemistry, passion, the connection; all of it was still very much alive between us, around us. Even though there were tons of people everywhere, it was only him and I. 
	
And thus begins my love story…

The End…or is it the beginning? 










Madam
 Book 2 of the VIP Trilogy
Coming May 19, 2014

Prologue

You can call me whatever you want, I’ve heard it all before. But the truth is, the first time I saw money, I fell in love.  Money makes the world go round. It’s the root of all evil. It gives you both pleasure and pain. Greed is one of the seven deadly sins, along with envy, and my personal favorite…lust. God said thou shalt not covet thy neighbor’s wife; well God never met one of my VIPs.  
I’m not an evil woman, but I want what I want, when I want it. I do whatever the fuck I please; and at the end of the day if you fuck with one of my girls then you fuck with me. You don’t fuck with something that belongs to me, and if you do, I’ll make sure to make you pay for it. I fear nothing. Fear makes you weak and I am not a weak woman. I can be your most treasured jewel or your worst nightmare. The choice is yours. 
I don’t depend on anyone other than myself, because at the end of the day that’s all I have. I rely on no one and that’s what makes me incredible at what I do. I live in a man’s world and I fucking own it. Women rule this world and the only reason we let men believe they do is because they lead with their cocks. Our pussies hold the power. We give life and are the only living organism in this world that can bleed for seven days and not fucking die. 
Love is a figment of your imagination; it’s right up there with monogamy. It’s a platonic state of mind that you program yourself to be in. It’s an illusion. The mind is the most powerful tool one can have. They say we only use 10% of our brain and if that’s the case, could you imagine what it would be like if we were capable of more? 
I’m not a selfish woman, I do share my things with others but they need to be returned to me in the exact same condition as borrowed. You break it you buy it. You think you may know me but you have no fucking idea. My namesake, I am a powerful, sexual woman. Enchantress on a good day, Demon on the bad, and an Illusionist for all the days in between. I am a lot like Ysabelle in the sense that I show you what I want you to believe. That’s maybe why I wanted her, why I still want her. Ysabelle really is a stupid fucking woman, but I don’t want to talk about her and her fucked up decisions. We will get to that, we will cover everything.
I am a no holds barred type of woman. I have no secrets to keep. But a lot happens behind closed doors, and I’m about to open those doors for you. Give you a glimpse of what and who I am. 
My name is Lilith Veronica Stone, AKA Madam, and this is my story. 


