

M&M Investigations
Waiting to Heal
by
Phillip N. Hancock, Sr.


The following book is totally fictitious and any resemblance to actual places, characters or events is a product of the writer's imagination.


Text copyright @ 12/11/2017 Phillip N. Hancock, Sr.

ISBN:   9781370739042

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your enjoyment.  This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please pick up an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not get it on line, or it was not picked up for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and pickup your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Note: All cover artwork is a combination of free photo art combined with the authors use of computer programs and no copyrights were violated.
Cover photo was taken by Patricia Hancock
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Back at the Ranch
Chapter 2
Hanging in There
Chapter 3
A Life Saver Pack
Chapter 4
The Ladder of Success
Chapter 5
Hug a Blazing Nightmare
Chapter 6
There’s No One Here
Chapter 7 
Maggie’s Rig
Chapter 8
Work Had Piled Up
Chapter 9
Back From Hogwarts
Chapter 10
Shady Elms Caper
Chapter 11
Feeling Froggy
Chapter 12
Check Out The Checks
Chapter 13
Don’t Need No Stinkin Badges
Chapter 14
Flying High
Chapter 15
Take the Nosey Bitch Out
Chapter 16
Potter at the Morgue
Chapter 17
Rooftop Residue
Chapter 18
Brain Itch
Chapter 19
The Ruse at the Brewhouse
Chapter 20
OMG, Bugs in my Car 
Chapter 21
The Robot and the Green Monster
Chapter 22
Not on my Watch

Chapter 23
Attack Video
Chapter 24
The Heir, The Lawyer and The P I 
Chapter 25
Robin Hood Conspiracy 
Chapter 26
The Boys in Blue
Chapter 27
The Bogie has a Tail
Chapter 28
Something From Sam
Chapter 29
Stakeout with no Leprechauns
Chapter 30
Bang Bang Pow
Chapter 31
Name Game & Party
Chapter 32
Wrapping Things Up
Prologue
Book Characters
Before you go
Other Books by this Author
Prologue

Her lawyer friend had called her and asked if she had time and would take on a case for one of his clients. Agreeing and accepting, to at least see his client, she set out. If things panned out, as he had presented, this would actually be M&M Investigation’s second murder case. She was 5 ft. 10 in., an old 33 1/2 in human years and she had matured a lot during and since she closed that first murder case. That case, she had so eloquently solved, was a little over a year ago so she thought she was ready for a new one. Those two clients, husband and wife, had become her very good friends. When you get your client released from jail by finding the true culprit of the crime, you almost can’t help but make friends. She hoped she could also help this new client by some means and, just maybe, gain a new friend.
The address wasn’t far so the young P I (Private Investigator) decided she would check it out by herself. She drove the short distance and parked in front of the five story brick structure. Walking up she noticed there was no lock on the front door of the rundown apartment building. Once inside she saw the sign over the call button on the ancient elevator and it was easy to understand. A big red “NO” with the word stairs and an arrow below it pointing toward the worn staircase.
Five flights and a little breathless later she knocked on the apartment door of # 503. A small mature fine looking lady invited her in after they both introduced themselves. They sat for a short time while, the mature lady filled her in on what had happened and why she felt she needed a Private Investigator.
“I hope you won’t consider me too insensitive if I ask you some questions later to make sure I have the facts straight,” she asked the elderly lady. 
“Don’t worry, after dealing with the cops accusations and comments for the last couple weeks, I have become a veritable unemotional piece of granite,” The lady assured her.
It seemed that the lady’s husband had taken a fatal fall from the fire escape outside their apartment window. After investigating the incident the police had come to the conclusion that he was not of sound mind and had taken his own life in order for his wife to profit from their life insurance policy. The life insurance company had then refused her claim due the suspected suicide conclusion reached by the police.
After talking with the tentative client for a short time, the young investigator decided to take a look at the crime scene if, in fact, it was a crime scene. She propped open the hallway exit to the fire escape and went out onto the shaky landing. Looking down she could see the fire escape was very short. It only ran down to the fourth floor then with that landing it ended. She turned and looked back at the wall behind her that led to the roof above and said out loud, “I wonder what is up there?”
She turned back to the fire escape leading to the lower floor and just before she took a step down something heavy landed on the landing behind her and slammed into her back causing her to go head first down those steal steps. Hitting her head first then with uncontrollable tumbling she was carried down the steps onto the fourth floor landing. Something she wore snagged on one of the broken rail’s metal post at that landing and prevented her from plunging those final four floors to the paved alley below. Semi-conscious she dangled from the fire escape landing and began to slowly swing back and fourth as if she was a pendulum on a clock. 



Chapter One

Back at the Ranch

The early morning sun cast a bright slash across the foot of the bed and the angle of that slash was at least a clue to where she was. Even though she moved very slow the pain was sufficient to cause a sudden quick intake of breath that only acerbated the soreness in her rib cage. "Jesus, that hurt," she said to the empty room.
She looked at the ceiling and saw the faint outlines of the decorative stars that simulated a night sky. They had lost their luminance due to the brightness of the sun that had flooded the room with a disbursement of bright rays. The pale green wallpaper that decorated the room was another clue and putting all the clues together told her she was most likely in the second floor green room at the Haley's ranch and the pain told her she had been severely injured.
Sitting up in bed was an ordeal but she did it, "I've got to move super slow or I will be on the floor crying with this pain," and now she had her feet lightly touching the floor as she had continued to move and push through the somewhat searing pain.
"Oh, look, there is a spot right there, that little spot, that little, little, very small spot, it's the only place on my body that doesn't hurt," she said out loud as she pointed at a small area on her thigh that didn't hurt and wasn't black and blue bruised. 
"Crap, I must be a real good listener because I keep talking to myself."
She looked out the 2nd story front windows and across the pastures that fronted the house. These open pastures ran down the quarter mile to the small shared lake road that allowed public access to these beautiful pastures and several others that bordered its route. In one of these pastures three mares and their recent folds grazed aimlessly through the lush grass that the spring rains had caused to flourish. Heads down they all moved independently as they munched on the plentiful green vegetation.  
She heard them before she saw them as the honking they made was loud and continues. The large flight of geese flew across the open pasture as if they were simply heading north for cooler temperatures during the coming summer months. One of the trailing birds in the flight peeled off the flock and turned back and descended flaring its wings and slowing down as it softly touched down in the pasture. As if on some unseen signal, the rest of the flock suddenly turned and also approached as she watched, their honking was even louder and noisier than before. They flared their wings and slowly settled into the pastures close to where the previous bird was waiting and near the grazing horses. Their arrival was seemingly ignored by all the horses who didn't raise a head at the geese's landing, all except one of the young colts who lifted his head momentarily as if acknowledging the geese's arrival. Megan sat and watched for a moment as the large birds spread out waddling around as they began pecking at the grass and the nutrient found there.
Megan took her mind off the birds as she thought about her situation. She took a quick look in the mirror before she left the bedroom. The bandages on her head were sufficient to give her the look of someone wearing a turban. She wondered how much hair she had left under those bandages. The sleep ware she wore was adequate for entertaining so she didn't bother trying to change her clothes. She gently stepped into her house slippers and, taking it extremely slow, she made her way to the top of the narrow staircase. The thoughts of descending down those stairs seemed overwhelming and caused her to hesitate. This hesitation was swiftly aborted when the smell of bacon cooking accompanied by the smell of fresh brewed coffee hit her, like a well thrown pie, square in the face. These irresistible odors and the growling in her stomach told her she really needed both, food and coffee. The two together caused her to face the daunting task and suffer the pain as she navigated slowly down the stairwell.
"Well, well, hello sleeping beauty, the prince must have come by and kissed you awake," Paul Haley said as he rose and turned to the sudden motion and quite appearance of Megan at the foot of the stairs. He hesitated going to assist her but did stand and watch with paternal concern as she continued to slowly come into the ranch's great room. It was clearly apparent she was trying to hide the pain that severely hindered and slowed her to an almost snail's pace.
Sophia was in the kitchen busy at the stove and, due to her small statue, only her head was visible above the bar that separated the dining area from the small kitchen, "Pay no attention to his attempts at humor, it will just encourage him if you do." Sophia smiled at Megan and asked, "Are you okay? You are moving very slow, the pain tolerable or do you need something to ease it?"
"It's bothersome but I can handle it, my stomach is growling and I am in bad need of some coffee if it's not too much trouble?" Megan replied as she took the offered hand of Paul and grasped the table with the other. Using the table as a guide and with Paul's assistance, she slowly lowered herself into one of the dining room chairs. A very small, but noticeable moan, escaped her lips as she settled to the wooden surface of the solid oak hard chair seat.
"Should I get you a pillow? I know that chair is hard as they don't have any cushions and are designed for old hard assed farmers or ranchers," Paul said as he moved toward the front room.
"It's ok, I'm ok, I am fine now that I am seated and I want to stay this way, too much pain involved to get up again right now," Megan replied as she gently waved him off.  
"Coffee fresh brewed and on its way now," Sophia said as she poured the hot dark liquid into a large John Deere decorative cup. The steaming cup in hand, Sophia made her way around the bar to the dining table. "Keep your seat and I will take care of you, eggs, bacon and toast are on their way," Sophia said as she placed the steaming cup of coffee on the table near Megan then she proceeded back around the bar to continue Megan's breakfast preparation.
Megan wrapped both hands around the cup and slowly raised it to her lips. The first sip was simply amazing and seemed to put a little life into her, restoring some of her resilience. Her mind raced at the feeling and she thought, "If coffee can do this much, what kind of restoration can I expect from the breakfast that Sophia is preparing?"
Well, the restoration breakfast wasn't a total cure but it did go a long way at least in her mind. Feeling much better she slowly made her way back upstairs to get dressed. She wanted to somehow make her way out and meander into the pastures and visit with the horses. 
Paul and Sophia cautioned Megan on her condition and her planned too soon outing but she wouldn't be dissuaded from her quest. The nearest pasture seemed miles away as she slowly painfully step by step made her way to the gated entrance while their dog Onyx followed. Megan petted the dog as she walked remembering how small he was when she was up here before, he was just a pup.
Resting at that gate lasted longer than she had planned but her pain made it so necessary. Onyx seemed to sense the struggles Megan was going through as he sat beside her softly leaning against her leg. Megan closed her eyes resting one of her hands on the dog’s head and holding onto the gate with the other for at least five minutes, simply waiting to get her discomfort under some control. The unexpected but gentle nudging by one of the horses, that had quietly approached, caused her eyes to fly open. She smiled and gently stroked the long face of that female thoroughbred. Her hesitation had now evaporated and she slowly unlatched and swung the gate open causing the large animal to move backward a few steps letting her and the dog through.
Megan pushed the gate closed behind her as she approached the waiting horse. She again stroked the horse’s face and then moved in closer. She moved past the horse’s head and wrapped her arms around her neck as she pressed herself against her muscular body. She stood and simply held on for a long time as the horse made no attempt to move backward or forward. The recuperative value that petting and hugging a beautiful race horse has not actually been medically measured but the strength and comfort she felt flowing from that wonderful animal, now emanating through her complete being, was nothing but amazing.
"Hey there," JJ said as he approached the pasture gate. "I knew it but I had to see it," JJ said as he petted and also said hello to Onyx.
"Hey JJ, you had to see what?"
"That you are outstanding in the field".
"I'm pretty good but I'm not sure I'm outstanding," Megan said with a smile as she turned to face her Private Investigating partner, James Jacques or JJ as it were.
"You look a lot better, it's good to see you up and about."
"Thanks, I owe my speedy partial recovery to Sophia's breakfast and the strength and comfort I gain when I hug this big beautiful girl," Megan said as she patted the neck of the waiting race horse, and you too, she said to the dog, giving it welcomed attention as she also petted him. 
"I believe it, Sophia's cooking and this beautiful ranch have the power to heal."
"So JJ, what are you doing here, I didn't expect you up this week?"
"Some progress on the case you were investigating has spirited me and raised some questions that you may be able to answer," JJ took Megan’s arm and assisted her through the pasture gate. Once she was clear he closed the gate then said, "Let's walk back to the house, I need to say hi to the Haley's then we can talk."
As if she had some kind of second sense, Sophia had a breakfast ready for JJ and was placing it on the dining table when Megan and JJ entered from the back patio area. JJ gave Sophia a big hug as she ushered him toward the waiting breakfast. He paused long enough to shake hands with Paul on his way.
"Wow, I didn't expect this but there is no way I'm going to refuse a country breakfast. You guys are just too much, it's no wonder Megan is back on her feet so soon, the powers of your ranch is simply impossible to explain."
"It's really nice of you to say that but I'm sure it's Megan's own motivation that has speeded her recovery so far," Sophia added as she gently pushed JJ toward his chair adding a hot cup of coffee as he sat. 
Chapter Two

Hanging in There

JJ ate slowly as he caught up with the Haley's progress here at the ranch. Paul had really come to life now that he, thanks to Megan and JJ, had been cleared of the murder of Roger Rankin. It had been Megan and JJ's first murder case and they had handled it with some aplomb. They had taken this closed case and, where the detectives had charged Paul Haley with the murder, they exposed the real culprit proving Paul was completely innocent of the charges brought against him."The horses look great and the new addition, wow, those babies are just gorgeous and so full of energy."
“It's almost unbelievable that something so young can race around and jump the way they do," Paul Haley said. "I assume it is survival instinct that gives them that ability."
"I'm pretty sure you are correct because what they are capable of is amazing," JJ rose from the table and gestured for Megan to follow, "I have some questions for Megan about her case and her injury if it's ok with you guys?"
"No, it's ok, I know you are trying to find out what happened when she was injured," Paul said as Sophia nodded her head in agreement.
JJ and Megan made their way slowly into Haley's ranch office and approached the chairs beside Paul's desk. "Can I get you some water, another cup of coffee or anything before we start?" JJ asked.
"Yeah, maybe another cup of coffee would be great if Sophia still has some in the pot," Megan said as she slowly lowered her aching body into one of the office chairs.
JJ soon returned with a half cup of hot coffee and placed it on the desk near Megan.
"I'm not sure I'm ready for this, my memory of that night is so flakey I might not be of any help in sorting out the details."
"Well, we can only gain what we can but we have to try."
"I keep having this weird dream and it is mixed up with what actually happened to me making it difficult to separate the two."
"Tell me about whatever you remember. It might not mean anything but maybe I can help you separate the two, the real from the dream."
"Let me take you through how I got to the dream part, you know the factual stuff first. Mrs. Shirley Logan and I had tea at her apartment around nine o'clock that evening. We had discussed her husband's mood the night he died. She assured me he was in high spirits and he had never even hinted at being depressed or considering harming himself in anyway."
Megan paused and took a sip of coffee before she continued.
"I asked her if she knew what he was doing out on that dilapidated fire escape as it wasn't safe for anything or anybody and should only be used in an emergency. She said it wasn't even safe for that as it didn't even lead to the pavement below, it ended down one landing, still about four stories off that alleyway's paved surface."
Megan shook her head as she thought about her comments. "Mrs. Logan said that they heard a noise from that area and he went out to check. The responding investigators didn't believe her and simply wrote his fall to his death off as a suicide. Then when the insurance company sent their investigator in here they just followed suit and also wrote it off as a suicide. That gave them an out so they turned down her insurance claim. It made a lot of sense for the company but not for the policy holder."
Megan slowly rose and stood for a moment before making minor changes in the way she had been sitting then lowered herself back into the chair. JJ could almost feel the pain she was experiencing as she relayed the part of the occurrence she could remember.
"I decided I would at least take a look at the fire escape and see for myself where the incident took place. That fifth floor's emergency exit to that outside stairwell was from the hallway just a few steps from the Logan's apartment door. This was the expected route for all living on that floor, that is if the inside stairwell was compromised and unusable. The Logan's also had the luxury of a cumbersome access to that fire escape landing through the bedroom window, if it became absolutely necessary. Mrs. Logan also told me the stairwell could take you to the fourth floor, if there was no other way out and just getting off this floor was critical."
Megan paused and raised her head and looked at her partner, "this is where it gets a little flakey and mixed up, at least in my memory. I went out in the hall and looked at, then pushed open that emergency exit door. I noticed the door didn’t sound an alarmed when I opened it. There were no access door handles that would allow entry from the outside so I wasn’t going out there unless I blocked the door open. I took a small chair from Mrs. Logan's dinette set and once I had the door open again, I blocked it from closing with that chair. I went back and told Mrs. Logan that I would be returning shortly then went out through the exit door onto the metal landing of the fire escape."
"I looked at the blank wall to my left wondering what was up there on the roof above me only about 10 feet up. I turned and looked down the fire escape and saw the landing one floor below and I saw that the fire escape did end there. Something banged behind me but before I could turn around I was hit in the back and sent head first down the metal steps of that fire escape."
Megan rose from her chair and slowly paced back and forth in front of the desk as she continued, "The next thing I remember is looking down at the dark alleyway several floors down. My feet were swinging back and forth below me and I seemed to be bent in the middle and hanging from something. I heard a very loud scream in an extremely high voice, kind of like a scream from Alvin and the chipmunks. The next thing I notice was someone looking out the window not more than ten feet from me and level with whatever I was hanging on. It was a lady, a cartoon lady, with huge eyes saying over and over, OMG, OMG as her eyes seem to bug out from her head like in one of those cell phone photo shopped Snap Chat videos."
Megan slowly returned to her chair and sat back down again, " That little lady was so animated that it was hard to believe she was real. I actually thought I might be dreaming. It reminded me of those dreams I had when I was in middle school, about that animated black pencil, you know the Onyx Quill case. Everything was simply a cartoon but it reeked so of realism that it frightened me."
"Yes, I remember that case we had just become partners and I helped you try to solve that mystery. This however is real and almost deadly. You must have been out of it after that fall down those bruising stairs and the injuries you sustained must have caused you to imagine those things," JJ said.
"That isn't the half of it, I saw the red and blue lights coming and turning into the alley but the car was also a cartoon car. It kind of bubbled to a stop and two cartoon cops jumped out and started running circles around that little vehicle jumping up and down, throwing their hands up in the air and saying, in a cartoon voice, what will we do, what will we do? They would occasionally stop and point up at me and then grab both sides of their faces then run around the car as before. They made me think of those Keystone Cop skits during silent movie days."
"How long did this go on, these cartoon vision I mean?" JJ asked.
"A long time. I just hung there slowly swaying back and forth watching the action below. It wasn't long before the ladder truck bent to come down the alley. It actually bent and curved around the edge of the building and yes it too was a cartoon truck with cartoon fireman. They sent that ladder out and swung it around like a scene from a 1963 movie "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World." firemen were hanging on and swinging out like crazy."
"Weren't you frightened with those visions?" JJ was animated when he asked this question.
"Actually no, I was laughing at the antics, anyone would have, besides, those little animated firemen came up finally and carried me down that ladder to the top of the fire truck then down onto the ground. I looked at the ambulance, with its red, white and yellow lights flashing, and suddenly everything changed and looked real and this is where I must have passed out. I don't remember anything after that until I woke up in the hospital."
"Were you in a lot of pain while you hung there?"
"Not that I can remember, at that time I wasn't feeling anything as far as I know."
Chapter Three

A Life Saver Pack

"JJ, can you tell me something?"
"If I know it I will be glad to tell you."
"Why didn't I fall to the pavement below when I was pushed down that fire escape? Why didn't I end up like Mr. Logan?"
Megan's close call was beginning to really hit home and JJ watched a tear slowly trickle down Megan's face. JJ reached out and took both of Megan's hands in his and tried to reassure her that she was safe. He then told her what he had learned from the police and firemen that had rescued her.
"It was a little something you had done two days earlier that saved your life."
"Something I did? What did I do?" Megan asked.
"You know how you loved to wear those tight fitting pants, the ones you liked so much," Megan started to say something but JJ waved her off and continued, "I know, I know, they look good on you but they are inconvenient as they do not have any pockets and your refusal to carry a purse was a hassle. You were always going places with your wallet and keys in your hands and you were tired of doing that. Long story short, two days before your plummet down those stairs you purchased a Fanny Pack and started wearing it everywhere."
"Buying a fanny pack saved my life, no, no, I'm not confused, but you're going to have to fill in the blanks," Megan said as she shook her head. She did this slowly trying to avoid causing any pain. 
"You made sure that fanny pack would stand up to rough treatment and stay secure no matter the circumstances and that's what did it. That fanny pack belt caught on a piece of the broken railing, the railing that should have but no longer surrounded that fire escape landing. That belt caught and held you in that dangling position until those cartoon firemen rescued you and carried you down to the pavement and the waiting ambulance."
"My new fanny pack saved my fanny, hilarious, simply hilarious. Well, from now on, I am wearing that puppy until the cows come home, literally, I'm not going to be caught dead without it. Ha ha, ok, maybe that isn't the best comment under these circumstances."
"Man, you are one funny lady. You shouldn't forget that this thing is unbelievably serious, your life was on the line," JJ said as he slowly shook his head in disbelief at Megan's lite treatment of this crime and her off the cuff comments.
"Did you take a look at the scene of the crime, did you go out on that fire escape?"
"Of course, seriously, you should ask. There is no way I could stay away from that, you're my partner and my best friend, I have to get to the bottom of this attack on you."
"Anything jump out at you?"
"Not really, I found that the only unhampered access to the fire escape is through that hallway and fire escape door outside of the Logan's apartment. I took a good look at the fire escape and the surrounding area. I notice some minor abrasion in the stucco wall in back of the fire escape's railing. That stucco wall is about ten or so feet above the landing and leads up to the roof of the building. I want to find a way to get up on that roof and take a look around to see if there is anything up there that could have some connection with that attack on you."
"Take someone with you if you go up there, I think someone is very serious about that area, promise me you won't take any chances. One of us recovering is enough and I need you out there and I need you with full mobility," Megan just had to add.
"You don't have to worry about that, I value my body too much to take foolish chances." JJ hugged Megan and then said, "you make sure you take good care of yourself, I want you back out there helping me with this and the other cases that are lingering in the wing. I’m heading back to the city now. I will find someone to go with me to check out that roof ASAP. I’ll keep you informed of out results when its done."
"Thanks JJ, I will take care."
Chapter Four

The Ladder of Success

JJ called Jim Blackstone, one of Megan's friends, and asked him if he would help with a little investigation into the reason for the attack on Megan. Jim was eager to help and couldn't wait to be of some assistance in bringing in those responsible and making them pay for their violence. JJ rented an extending ladder and met Jim in front of the Logan's apartment building. The ladder barely fit in the old elevator, which had evidently been repaired and useable now. JJ had to manipulate the ladder around leaning it across from corner to corner and from front to rear so the doors would finally close when nothing hampered them.
They propped the fire escape door open and guided the ladder through. Finding a reliable position and secure footing on the landing of the old fire escape was somewhat exasperating. Several short climbing attempts were made before JJ was satisfied and felt comfortable with the stability of the ladder.
"I'm going up now. I want you to hold the ladder and monitor my progress," JJ told Jim.
"No sweat I will be right here hanging on." Jim replied.
As JJ climbed he noticed that the scarred marks on the stucco wall, behind the ladder, looked like a shadow of the ladder he was climbing. As a matter of fact the shadow of the rungs of his ladder fell into the scar marks on the wall as if there had been a ladder there before. JJ looked for any holes in the stucco that might have been used to adhere some type of climbing apparatus previously attached to that wall. Unfortunately he found nothing except the scars on the blank wall that mirrored his ladder’s rungs.
"JJ, go slow, you have no idea what to expect when you get to the top of that wall," Jim said as he pointed up at the wall, "there may be danger up there."
"10-4, I will, I don't like surprises when it comes to murder or attempted murder."
JJ reached the point where he could now reach up and grab the last rung of the ladder. He slowly raised up and peeked over the top of the wall. He took his time and did a 180 degree turn, thereby taking in the whole roof. It seemed that nothing was amiss and nothing stood out as a possible hiding place that might provide any type of concealment.
"I'm going over onto the roof, you might want to follow me."
"On my way as soon as you're clear," Jim said as he started his climb up the ladder. 
Jim caught up with JJ and he too stepped onto the roof. JJ was just standing there taking his time with another detailed look around. Not much to see but some air handlers, old TV antennas and a few satellite dishes. All the dishes were pointing in the same direction with the same attitude so they could pick up the signal from the stationary orbiting telecommunicating satellite equipment, several miles away in close orbit to the earth.
"Anything jump out at you?" Jim asked.
"Not sure, plenty of open space up here but it seems there is very few points of access," JJ said and then pointed across the flat surface then continued, "I'm going to look for any actual preplanned roof accesses as I'm sure our use of the ladder was not in the original blue prints."
"Sounds like a plan, I'll look on this left side if you want to go to the right?"
JJ simply nodded his head as he was deep in thought when he turned to his right and started his search.
JJ took his time as he examined the right side of the roof. There were some indentations in the flat roofing material that left the impression that something had sat there for some time.
“Hey Jim, you see anything unusual?
“Nothing really stands out. There are some marks here that looks like something was dragged across the roof,” Jim said as he pointed at the scar marks. “There are also some dents like the legs of a table had been in place with something heavy on it.”
“I’m seeing the same things on this side,” JJ said as he squatted down and looked across the roof to where Jim was standing., “looks like there was a long row of tables placed here. Little indentations run all the way across and reach from me to you. I could see two rows of small random dents when I squatted down.”
“Ok, I see them too,” Jim said as he also squatted down and looked across at JJ.
“I believe something has been removed recently as some of the dents have started to heal from environmental exposure, you know, like heat would do to this tar like substance,” JJ said as he pointed at a couple of the indentations.
Jim nodded his head in agreement as they both headed back toward the ladder they had used to access the roof.
“Hey, what is this?” Jim said as he pointed at two small pieces of rope that were each knotted around a metal bar attached to the inside of the roof wall they had climbed over.
They both examined the rope and saw that the rope pieces lined up with worn grooves in the wall as if the two pieces of rope had at one time been longer and ran over that wall parallel to each other.
“What do you think?” Jim asked as he looked at JJ.
JJ looked over the wall at the scar marks on the wall behind the ladder and said, “Rope ladder is my guess. A rope ladder with wooden steps that hung from this bar down over the edge of the wall causing those two grooves and the scars in the wall that shadows our ladder’s rungs.”
“I agree, that would be my assumption,” Jim added.
“Access for individuals maybe, but not for any sizable equipment or tables.”
“Again, I agree, there must be another access point of some sort,” Jim replied.
“Robert B Parker’s Jesse Stone said, if you don’t like your answers, check your premises.”
“Did he mean literally?”
“Not sure but, I’m going to make a trip around the perimeter of the roof and see if I can find another access point,” JJ said as he started his second search.
Jim started his search in the opposite direction. They walked the interior of the roof foot by foot. They found an access hatch for maintenance behind one of the air handlers but it too was to small of an access for equipment of any size, it was only a manhole of sorts. Looking at the edges of the building they found some minor scarring on the back side. Looking down from the roof the back of the building was a blank brick wall with no windows and the wall ended in an alley with a paved access road that came in from the nearby street.
“Seems simple enough to move equipment up or down from this point and hey look, this frame work swivels and one beam extends out beyond the edge of the roof. I thought this was some necessary roof structure, didn’t realize it swiveled, it looked fixed in place,” JJ said as he had held onto the frame work to look over the edge of the building realizing then that it moved.
“Attach a small electric hoist to that beam here and you got everything you need to move equipment,” Jim said as he checked out the small holes in the end of the beam that JJ had moved back from the edge toward him.
“I agree but I don’t see a source of power that would allow the operation of an electric hoist. Hey, maybe they used a simple block and tackle hoist, you know, manpowered,” JJ said as he swung the beam from Jim’s hands and he took a closer look as he again checked out the end of the frame work where the holes were drilled.
“Extension cords, portable generator or manpowered hoist, it doesn’t matter we agree that it would be a piece of cake to move some heavy or awkward equipment off the roof,” Jim supplied as he patted the edge of the roof where the evidence of some recent activity was present.
“I’m heading back down our ladder and have another talk with Mrs. Logan and see if she had heard any unexplained activity, either in the hallway, out on the fire escape or from the roof top, anything since Megan’s fall,” JJ said as he headed back across the roof.
“Ok, you go that way. I’m going to check out that other access and see just where it leads,” Jim said as he pointed at the manhole hatch over on the other side of the roof. “I’ll meet you at Mrs. Logan’s apartment in a little while.”
Down on the landing below the ladder JJ looked back up and started to remove the ladder. He paused then let the ladder lean back against the wall. “Better leave it here in case that other access doesn’t lead anywhere,” he thought and voiced out loud. “We can always come back out and get it.”
Chapter Five

Hug a Blazing Nightmare

Megan brushed the forefront of the horse and softly sang as she worked. The horse she brushed had its name engraved in the bridle she wore. Blazing Nightmare was tall, beautiful and fast as the wind. Her individual track record was close to the all time track record. Megan wasn't sure why she was called Nightmare. She planned to talk to Paul and find out why this gorgeous specimen was given that moniker as it would seem to leave a negative connotation. "There is no reason anyone should call you a nightmare as you are so gentle and seem to love attention, I would call you Blazing Beauty if I had an input," Megan said as she rubbed the horses face.
Several large geese circled overhead as she continued brushing Blazing Nightmare. Megan paused her brushing and watched the geese come in and flare their wings as they settled into the lower pasture. "What a rush that must be, to be able to fly around with an unhampered view of the ranch area. These plush ranch pastures, are so filled with the bird’s required nourishment, they continue to entice the geese to return year after year for their, almost, unlimited supply of nature’s supplement." Megan softly spoke out loud just for her own ears. Blazing Nightmare took this moment to nudge Megan with her nose to bring her attention back to the brushing she had been enjoying. “Ok, ok, I’m back at it so you can just relax and enjoy.”
Megan made sure she brushed the horse down completely. She hugged the horse’s neck, patted her on her head then kissed her on the cheek while saying, “See you later big girl.”
She had been wanting to get over to the upper pond and check out the beautiful lily pads that had sprung up there since the end of the drought. Now that she had a little more mobility she thought this was a perfect opportunity.
Quiet had overtaken the pond on her approach. The water run off from the surrounding hills had refilled the pond and for unknown reason the lily pads had come back fully flourished and now covered the pond from bank to bank. The pink and gold flowers over the huge green almost twenty inch in diameter pads was a lesson in what can come naturally without any human contributions or planning. She placed her hand on one of the pads near shore and was humbled at the size of each pad and amazed at the speed at which they had grown. Megan sat on the bank quietly waiting for a while. She looked at the unbelievably beautiful lotus blossoms and then after a few minutes the frogs began their songs again, rocking the quiet with their melody of croaks and buzzes.     
Megan wasn’t there long before she heard the bell that signaled breakfast was ready. The sound and tone of that bell was so clear and loud that it carried to all corners of the ranch. That particular bell came from Switzerland by way of a friend that worked as a Director at Genentech. This Director friend had been sent to Switzerland for a conference with managers of all the Genentech's facilities. While out shopping, in her spare time, she spotted the large bell with its unusual and colorful attaching harness. After hearing the volume and tone of its ring, she decided to bring it back for her friend to use at her ranch. Sophia has been using it ever since to get everyone’s attention for whatever and from wherever they might be on the ranch.
"Smells like heaven in here," Megan said as she entered the ranch house, turned and washed her hands in the kitchen sink. She quickly dried them on a paper towel, "That mouth watering fragrance has to be coming from the bacon you’re cooking,” Megan said. “It not only has the best smell, it has the best taste I have ever had the pleasure of eating."
"Local organic farm raises cows and pigs and then they butcher them and make the product available for purchase to surrounding neighbors and local merchants," Sophia replied, "and I agree with you, it is the best. Come, sit, I'll bring coffee and your breakfast."
Megan knew she would just be in the way if she tried to help her host in the kitchen, so she took that offered seat and let Sophia do her thing. She also knew that Sophia would bring her bacon, two eggs over easy, hash browns and a couple slices of buttered toast with the homemade blackberry jelly in place on the table. 
"Heard the bell and headed in, am I late?" Paul asked as he also turned and washed his hands in the kitchen sink following with the paper towel which was evidently the routine at the ranch.
"Right on time. Sit, I'll serve, coffee or juice?" Sophia asked as she lovingly guided Paul to his chair.
"Coffee please and thanks hon."
“Paul, I have to ask. Blazing Nightmare, why would anyone name that beautiful gentle horse a nightmare?” Megan asked.
“You’re not the first to ask. You are right about her here at the ranch, she is just the best to work with and to be around.”
“So, you admit that the name doesn’t fit her.”
“I didn’t say that. What you haven’t seen is her at the race track during a race.”
“What could that venue have to do with that Nightmare name?” Megan asked as she didn’t understand what could be different.
“Well, you know she is the fastest horse I have ever seen or had a hand in the training. I also think she is determined to win every time she goes out on the track, she seems to sense the importance of being in front,” Paul held up his hand indicating he wasn’t finished. “When she wins her races everything is just fine, however, if for some reason she looses, and doesn’t cross that finish line first, she becomes impossible and will continue running around that track long after the race is over. If the starting gates haven’t been removed she will charge those gates and slide to a stop seconds before crashing into those gates. It’s not a pretty site and the jockey can only hang on as he has no control, and for whoever might be on board, it is like that nightmare you can never wake up from.”
“I would never have guessed, I just thought the name was inappropriate.”
“The name has a two part meaning. Blazing when she is in a race, Nightmare if she doesn’t win,” Paul explained. “Not only that, sometimes she is so anxious to get on with the race it is impossible to get her into her stalls in the paddocks. I’ve seen her drag two grooms around the area when they try to back her into a stall. The last race she was in they had to walk her around the paddock and saddle her while she walked pulling the groom around by the harness lead. I saw the jockey mount and then I saw him quickly dismount because she was going to head for the track before they were called. Somehow she was controlled enough so she did get to compete and won that race by three lengths. 
Chapter Six

There’s No One Here

Mrs. Logan had made tea and was resting in her chair when JJ, after knocking and getting permission, entered the small apartment.
“How are you doing Mrs. Logan?”
“Oh, I’m ok, please call me Shirley as I believe we are friends now. Please have a seat,” she said and shyly smiled. “Would you care for some tea and where is your friend?”
“Tea would be great, Earl Grey, if you have it. Oh and, Jim will be here shortly, he had to check out something real quick.”
JJ started to rise but Shirley motioned him back down, “I’ll get it, I know where everything is.”
Shirley returned in no time at all as the pot was already hot. “Sugar or honey?” She asked.
“A spoon of honey would be great.”
“A man after my own heart, I love honey in my tea.”
“Mrs. Logan, ah, Shirley, I need to ask you about things since my partner, Megan’s accident.”
“Oh posh, that was no accident but you go ahead and ask away.”
JJ nodded in agreement with Shirley, “We were up on the roof and noticed that some equipment had been removed from up there recently. We were wondering if you had heard any unusual activity or noise in your hallway, out on the fire escape or maybe something coming from the roof?” JJ asked. “Anything ring a bell or seem unusual?”
“Well, as you probably realize, my hearing is not as good as it used to be but I have still heard some things but was afraid to investigate.”
“And well you shouldn’t, we don’t know yet what or who we’re dealing with,” JJ forcefully stated.
“Well, that old fire escape is bolted to the wall there and when someone or something goes on out there it causes some vibration on the wall and shakes my wall hangings,” She said as she pointed at the window and end wall of the living room. Then she continued, “What I was hearing mostly was late at night and it simply sounded or felt like someone walking up the fire escape, it shook my pictures on that wall,” Shirley again pointed at the wall and window that led to the outside fire escape.
“Is that still going on?”
“Actually no, for the last week or so it has been quiet with no activity as far as I could tell.”
“It’s been about two weeks since Megan fell, so you’re telling me that the activity stopped about a week after and, then nothing since.”
“I think so but I can’t be exactly sure.”
“Hello, JJ?” Jim said from the hallway as he tapped on Mrs. Logan’s door.
“Excuse me Shirley, I believe that’s my friend Jim knocking, would you invite him in?”
“Sure,” Shirley said as she rose and went to the door, “Hey Jim, I’m Shirley, will you please come on in and take a chair? We’re having tea, would you care to join us?”
Jim looked at JJ sitting there, a cup raised as if saluting then said, “Thank you and sure, tea would be fine.”
“Tea? We have time for tea?” Jim asked JJ after Shirley left the room.
“I always have time for Earl Grey with a touch of honey,” JJ said as he again saluted with his cup, this time with a big smile on his face.
Shirley returned with a steaming cup of tea, handed it to Jim then took her seat.
“Shirley was telling me that there was quite a lot of activity out on the fire escape for about a week after Megan fell then for the last week or so nothing.”
“Did you see anyone out there?” Jim asked Shirley.
“No I just heard things. After Mr. Logan fell and then Megan fell there was no way I was going to even attempt to see what was going on,” Shirley said as she slowly shook her head.
“And I told her that was the smart thing to do as we have yet to know what was going on out there or who we are dealing with,” JJ added.
“I was wondering about the people in these apartments. Shirley, do you know any of the other occupants?” JJ asked.
“I know the old guy across the hall, Mr. Bailey. He is a retired postal worker. He lives by himself as his wife passed away several years ago,” Shirley Logan paused a moment then continued, “There were a bunch of young men who lived down on the next floor, but I think they moved.”
“Moved? So the apartment below you is empty, is that correct?” JJ asked.
“Yes, I believe it is empty. Why, are you looking for an apartment?”
“No, no, I just thought the young men there might have seen or heard something.”
“They might have, they only moved a couple weeks ago, shortly after Megan’s accident. They said it was too dangerous to live here.”
“Any idea where they might have gone?” Jim put in.
“No, I don’t. Maybe the super has a forwarding address or knows where they went.”
JJ and Jim shook hands with Shirley and said thanks for the tea, the help and the info, then they said goodbye. Their next stop would be to try to track down those young men who had vacated the apartment below the Logan’s. They went back out on the landing and retrieved their ladder before leaving.
They stored their ladder in their vehicle and headed back inside to try to find the apartment manager. Apartment Number 1, the manager’s office was on the first floor. They both read the small sign that was duct taped to the door.  Apartment Manager was written along the top of the sign with Pete Miller written right below, all with a black marker and all on the same sign. JJ looked at Jim and both shrugged then JJ knocked on the door.
“There’s no one here!” came from somewhere inside.
JJ and Jim both laughed at that comment and then JJ said, “I fell for that one when I was in kindergarten but I’m a little older and smarter now.”
“You’re not going away, are you?”, came from inside but much closer to the door and the hallway. 
“We just need to ask you a couple of question, it will only take a minute of your time.”
A shadow moved across the peephole and a moment later they heard the lock being thrown then the chain and slide removed with it swinging down and rattling against the door. The door was slowly opened and a man of about forty stood in the doorway.
“Mr. Miller?” JJ said.
“Pete will do and you are?”
“Sorry Pete, I’m JJ and this is Jim, we are with M&M Investigations and we are looking into the two incidents that occurred on the fire escape on the fifth floor.”
“You need to talk to my lawyer, he can answer your questions,” Mr. Miller started closing the door in their face.
“Our questions are not about the case they are about your tenants that lived on the fourth floor below the Logan’s,” JJ said as he placed his palm against the door preventing it from closing without some considerable pressure from the manager.
“That room is empty, those tenants checked out.”
“We saw that, do you know where they went, did they leave a forwarding address?” JJ persisted.
“No,  they left me a note inside the apartment that they were leaving but I never actually saw them go or receive anything about a forwarding address from them. The door was open when I made my rounds one day and I saw the apartment was totally empty. We go month to month here and they didn’t owe me any rent so I didn’t pursue them in any way. This management job is a part time thing, I have a real job that keeps me away most of the day so I don’t see a lot of things first hand, in fact, most of the things I find out about are after they have happened.”
“It’s ok, I understand completely. Thanks for your time Pete, if you think of anything please give me a call,” JJ said as he handed Mr. Miller his business card.
Chapter Seven

Maggie’s Rig

Mimi Stroud, a very cute 18 year old, was back on the street again. She was still somewhat in shock over what had transpired. She sat down in the back of the alley, closed her eyes, and let her thoughts return to when she left home several weeks ago.
She remembered sitting on her bed and waiting in her room until her mom had left the house on her way to work. Even though her room was on the second floor she clearly heard the front door as it slammed with just a little more force than necessary. Mimi thought that maybe her mom was just as pissed off as she was and maybe, this time, she had let her mouth take her just a little too far. They both had said some things that they would have a hard time taking back.
Whatever, it was done and she had decided to now prevent recurrence of another verbal assault. She rose from the bed and went to the window and watched as her mom backed out of the driveway and sped away. She went to her closet and drug out her smallest roller suitcase. She selected just the minimum clothes she would need to simply exist, folded them neatly and packed them in the small case.
Down stairs she selected one of her mom’s shopping bags then did some pantry and refrigerator raiding. She didn’t overload the bag and only took items that wouldn’t require cooking. She had no idea when she would have a stove she could use.
She got a blank sheet of paper and sat at the table thinking about what she could say that would make sense and not be so melodramatic. Deciding she wrote, ‘Mom, we obviously have different ideas on where my life should be headed. I’m 18 and considered an adult so I have to try to be one. I know I don’t know everything but I need time to think and clear my head so maybe I can see what I want. I have my cell and I’m not going to block you but I’m not going to answer for a little while. I will call you when I am ready and maybe we can sit down and talk without being so ugly with each other, she signed it Mimi Stroud.
She put the note on the refrigerator and held it there with one of the small magnets that stuck to the door. She left by the front and carefully closed and locked up the door before she went, softly patting the door frame as if saying goodbye.
Mimi walked through their small town out to the main road that would lead her out of town. She walked down that road and hitchhiked every vehicle that came along. She knew it was dangerous but it was important to her to get some distance behind her before she changed her mind and turned back. 
Her being cute, being female or being alone, any one of these three could have been the reason the trucker slowed and pulled the semi rig to the side of the road, just a short distance passed Mimi. It sat for a moment, just idling, then the air horn on top of the cab let out a ear piercing sound. Mimi hoped that that sound was calling her. She ran along the side of the vehicle then stepped up and opened the passenger door, dragging her case up with her as she climbed in.
Margaret Keenan said, “Hey sweet stuff, what the heck you doing out here all alone?”
“I, uh, whoa! You’re a woman?” Mimi said with surprise in her voice.
Margaret put the truck in gear, checked the rearview mirrors, left turn signal on she pulled back onto the road as she replied, “Bet your sweet ass I am, that surprise you that a lady could be driving a big rig like this?”
“Yes somewhat but I know women are taking on more things nowadays and I shouldn’t be surprised.”
“Well you are lucky that I am in such a good mood or you would have still been standing back there with your thumb out.”
“What has you in such a good mood?”
“Pete, my husband, called me this morning and apologized all over himself and asked for my forgiveness. He’s almost as stubborn as I am,” Margaret said.
Another large rig went by going the other way and suddenly her cell phone rang and Margaret said, “answer call.”
“Morning Maggie, what cha hauling this morning?
“Hey Clyde, I thought that was you. I got a load of grain for horses going up to Marysville to the grain store.”
“Noticed you got a friend with you, not Pete, huh?”
“Not Pete, a friend I picked up to ride with me but Pete called this morning and I will be with him later today if all goes as planned.”
“Okay, that is great. I was worried about you too, you’re both so stubborn sometimes.”
“One of our best qualities, nice talking with you, have a really good one. We’ll get together soon and double date, okay?” Margaret said.
Clyde said,  Later Maggie.”
“Hey that was cool, much better than the old CB radio contact,” Mimi said.
“Those CBs were a real step up from only being able to wave as trucks bypassed each other but you are right, cell phones make it too easy.”
It was only about a hundred and fifty miles later that Margaret and Mimi said goodbye. Mimi thanked her for the ride and then made her way onto the streets of Marysville, her eyes wide open and her heart full of hope.
Meeting a couple of young men at a coffee shop seemed the answer to her current situation and she readily accepted their offer. A place to sleep with no strings attached and no rent due until the next month was like a gift from heaven. She had about twenty days in which to find a job that would cover her expected expenses.
That was then, this is now, she thought as she looked around again at her dismal surroundings.  
Chapter Eight

Work Had Piled Up

Megan had spent the last hour shoveling out the two horse stables with a pitch fork which picked up all the straw and the major parts of the manure left by a couple of mares. These female horses had spent the night under red lights but were now out in the pasture. She put the scooped up debris in the leather bucket of a two wheeled cart. Once she had this cart filled with manure and straw she started to leave the stables and make her way down to the site where they were piling it.
“Megan, you making it ok?” Paul said as he came into the stable area behind her as she was leaving.
“Doing ok, just taking it very slow,” she said as she lowered the cart down for a moment.
“Well, you make sure you do. As you know, you are still not fully recovered yet,” Paul said as he headed back toward the workshop, “As much as I could use you here, I had rather see you back at your job but occasionally visiting us when you could.”
“You got it boss, there is no way you could keep JJ or I away for long,” Megan said as she got the cart rolling again.
Megan dumped the cart’s debris on the pile as best she could. She then went back, swept the stalls, hosed down each  and put in a fresh layer of straw in the now cleaned stalls. She took the water hose and washed out the cart then propped the cart up so it would drain and dry.
Megan headed for the workshop where Paul was hooking up the manure and straw chopper spreader. Using the trailer hitch and universal drive, he hooked the drive gear operated device behind the small four wheel drive John Deere Gater. “Well Paul, are you ready?”
“Yep, how about you?”
“Going to take a short break and then I will be.”
Megan went across in front of the stables and into the small clump of tall trees where two hammocks were stretched between some of the trees. She turned, sat on one and then laid back pulling her legs onto the taut mesh. She looked up at the tall trees and watched a squirrel as it went from tree to tree entertaining her as it went. She let the breeze flow over her with a cooling effect of simple quiet relaxation.
It was a short fifteen minutes later that Megan walked back into the shop and said, “I’m as ready as possible now, I’ll get the Front End Loader and head down to the collection area. I’ll meet you over there.” Megan crawled on the tractor and started it up. She pulled the lever that raised the bucket up just enough for travel then proceeded out of the shop and headed toward the waiting pile of manure and straw mixture.
For the next two hours she rode that front end loading tractor. She scooped up that manure collection and dropped it into the spreader that Paul then drove out into the large front pasture.
Paul drove that chopper spreader from fence to fence as he used that mixture to fertilize the large pasture. Megan had a ring side seat as she was on a little higher ground perched on the seat of the tractor. As soon as Paul empted the spreader she would prepare another full scoop with the front end loader so there would be no delay when Paul returned for another load.
Megan and Paul went back to the house after they finished the morning chores. As they entered the kitchen they where hit with the mouth watering smells of the large country breakfast Sophia had, as per the usual, prepared and set out. Without hesitation they all grabbed a seat and dug in.
The phone ringing followed the finishing of breakfast as if signaling an end to that portion of the morning.
“It’s for you Megan, it’s JJ,” Sophia said as she waved the receiver at Megan.
“Thanks Sophia and thanks for that delicious breakfast, you are the best,” Megan said as she accepted the phone from Sophia.
“Hey JJ, what’s up?”
“Things are progressing, how are you doing?”
“Ok, I’m making pretty good progress here also, I should be ready for anything by next week. I’ll see the doctor on Monday and I’m real sure he’ll give me a medical release to return to normal duty, whatever that entails.”
“I sure hope so as I need you here.”
“So, what have you learned so far?”
“From what we could see during our inspection, we suspect that someone had some type of activity going on the roof. There were indentations left in the roofing material and there was a kind of crane assembly there also. This thing could have been used to lift or lower heavy equipment from or to the alleyway below on the back of the apartment.”
“Wouldn’t someone notice things being lowered or raised by this crane assembly?” Megan asked.
“Actually, no. The back of that building has no windows and there are no buildings in back that face that alley. It would be an easy task to back a truck down in there and load her up with whatever was up there without anyone being aware, well, unless they were actually seen going up or coming down from that roof,” JJ explained.
“Hey, what about the people in that apartment on the fourth floor, maybe they saw something.”
“We checked on that. The landlord said those people had moved with no forwarding address. He wasn’t sure when they moved but they were paid up and he wasn’t concerned. They just left a note that they had moved.”
“Could be something there as they got out of Dodge about the same time as my fall.”
“We are going to continue with that avenue of our investigation.”
“Not to change the subject but, guess who came to see me yesterday?” Megan said with a knowing smile on her face.
“No idea, maybe Jim from DMV?”
“I wish, he calls but I think he is afraid to show up. He couldn’t really take it to know how bad I was injured.”
“I completely understand that, he likes you too much. Was it our lawyer friend Reldom?
“Reldom called and apologized all over himself for getting me injured. I assured him he was not at fault and he promised to visit as soon as he had the time.
“So it wasn’t Jim or Reldom, I have no idea who it could be, unless it was some other old boy friend I don’t know about?”
“Nope, none of the above, it was our old friend Detective Sergeant Harold Mercer,” Megan did a high wave across as she said it even though JJ couldn’t see it.
“No shit, what the hell did he want? I’ll bet he was being his usual prickly self,” JJ said as he shook his head slowly.
“I really don’t have any idea what he actually wanted. I have to say he did play nice and said all the right things while he was here,” Megan said. “As you know, Mercer knew the way out here because he came out a couple times when he was investigating Paul and that murder that happened here.”
“How did he know you were there?”
“Not sure, maybe he has his eyes on me just as a fan and has been following my career.”
“Last time I saw him, his eyes were following your rear, not your career.”
“Ha, ha, very funny,” Megan said but couldn’t help but laugh.
Chapter Nine

Back From Hogwarts

She opened the office door and slowly entered. She was still a little misty from the goodbyes she had just gone through with the Haley’s. The weeks she had spent there were just the best she had ever experienced. Not since leaving home for college to follow her intended law career had it been so misty. Now, she silently told herself, the vacation is over and I’m well enough to get back into the rat race.
“Hey, anyone here?” Megan called out.
“Who’s that?” came from one of the rooms followed by the appearance of  Christine Panic, the office’s First Impressionist. “Megan, oh Megan, wow, it is so good to see you back here. How are you?”
“Oh, I’m getting there,” Megan said then continued, “how are you? You look like you’re doing extremely well and that is one nice outfit.”
“Oh, thanks, I like it a lot.”
“And you should, JJ around?”
“No, actually he is out following up on those people that were living in that apartment below our Mrs. Logan,” Christine started to leave then partially turned back around, “Don’t hate me but, I love what they did to your hair, it is so you.”
“You’re too kind, however, it is kind of cute isn’t it?”
General paperwork was now the order of the day and there was a pile of it. Megan was lucky as all of it had been sorted in a priority order with the most pressing, requiring her attention or signature, placed on top, thanks to Christine’s thoughtfulness. “Thank goodness this pile is a lot easier to handle than those piles in Paul’s stables,” Megan whispered to herself.
Megan kept her nose to the grindstone until someone knocked on her door. She raised her head and then closed the folder she had been reading.
“JJ, hey, how’s it going?,” she said as she rose and came around her desk and met him with a big hug. “Really nice to see you, especially since I’m back here in the office for a change.”
“This is just great, having you back is absolutely the best thing that has happened in a long time,” JJ pushed her back just a little for a better look and said, “Wow, with that hair cut, those black rimmed glasses and that lighting bolt scar on your forehead you are a dead ringer for Harry Potter, so how was Hogwarts.” JJ then released her and took the chair in front of her desk, “Well Harry, you look well rested and I’ll bet you’re ready for an update on the Logan file?”
Megan went back around her desk and sat, “Hogwarts was actually wonderful. You can lay that update on me, I’m been waiting for several weeks and I am more than ready to dive back in on this, I have a debt to pay to someone.”
“As I had previously told you, while you were at the ranch, the occupants of that apartment below the Logan’s had split without leaving a forwarding address. There were two young men and a young lady. All about mid twenties.”
“No idea where they went?” Megan asked.
“Not for sure, we have some clues that they did not go far but their new address is still not known.”
“How do you know that if you don’t know where they went?”
“When they moved their belonging from their apartment one of the neighbors noticed the rental truck they used so we checked with that source.”
“Since you are not doing a happy dance, I have to assume the info you got from that source is less than adequate to find these unknown ex-renters?” Megan raised her hand then continued, “so how do you know they didn’t move far?”
“No ID info, paid cash, but I saw the truck mileage, they only went a total of about 5 miles round trip on each ticket.”
“Excuse me? They had enough stuff in there apartment that it required two trips?”
“Don’t think so, the two moves were three days apart. That got me thinking maybe they used the same truck to move those things that were up there on the roof and, since both ticket’s mileages were only about 5 miles, maybe those trips were to the same location,” JJ said as he pointed at his brain while tapping his head.
“Yeah, I know, you’re a genius,” Megan said as she pointed at her own head and said, “Kidneys man, that’s using your kidneys.”
While he had been talking JJ had been pinning a city map on the murder board so Megan and he could circle the area they should search. The murder board only had a few items listed so far. Those items consisted of photos of the fire escape, rooftop and three blank spots for the three individuals who had vacated the fourth floor apartment.
“So, can we assume these three young adults should be within a two and one half mile circle out from the truck rental place?” asked Megan.
“Actually, the circle could even be a little smaller than that, you may be forgetting the half mile of travel it takes to get from the rental place to Mrs. Logan’s building,” JJ scratched his head then continued, “that is unless Mrs. Logan’s building is on a straight line between the rental place and the new location.”
“I think it would be better to maintain that two and one half mile circular distance to be sure to cover all possible locations no matter which way they went to deliver their stuff,” Megan had to add.
JJ stuck a map pin at the location of the truck rental. He then checked the map legend for the miles per inch scale so he could measure out two and one half miles from the rental pin. He took a small piece of string and anchored it at the truck rental pin. Then he measured out two and one half inches since the map key listed one inch equals one mile. He held a pencil at that length then drew a circle around the truck rental pin.
“Wow, that is a large area,” JJ relayed as he appraised the map.
JJ took his map down and headed to the computer to get a better look at the area of concern. He brought up Google Maps and selected the area then went to the satellite view to look at the actual buildings in that circle.
A major part of that area was taken up by a park and a meandering creek that ran at an angle through the area and the park. The inhabited area was east and south of Mrs. Logan’s apartment as was the truck rental place so the area of concern could be considerably smaller than we thought.
“I’m going to go out on the limb here,” JJ said as he pointed at the monitor and continued, “I’m going to assume that these whoever they are, and if they are the roof top users, will simply try to duplicate what they had at the previous location. So taking that into account I’m going to look for buildings with similar rooftop elevations.”
“Say that is the answer, how will you investigate those locations without putting yourself or me in danger of a another attack?”
“I’ve put some thought on this and I think I will use some modern technology. I can use remote control drones, thereby, keeping us at a safe distance while I view and record the tops of all these building,” JJ said as he swept his hand across the monitor where the buildings fitting suggested criteria were displayed.
“I hate to admit it but that actually sounds like a really good idea and I think you should go for it,” Megan gave her partner a warm smile then continued, “don’t let that Gardener Case get left out as you set that up, ok?”
“Got it covered, not a problem,” JJ said as he left Megan’s office. 

Chapter Ten

Shady Elms Caper

True to his promise, JJ headed for the rest home and the client who had hired M&M Investigation.
“Morning Ms Ames, I am James Jacques with M&M Investigation,” JJ said as he pointed at the name plate with Sara Ames engraved on it while showing her his P I identification, “I need to see Joe Johnson, I believe he is a gardener for Shady Elms here.” 
“Private Investigator? Is there some problem we should be aware of?” she asked.
“Personal matter with Mr. Johnson,” JJ replied.
“Please wait while I get the director.” It wasn’t a question so JJ had no choice but to wait.
JJ spent the waiting time, which was considerable, studying the pictures of past and present directors and the legal documents that hung on the walls in the receptionist area. It was an impressive display and it was meant to impress any possible future client while reassuring those current clients of Shady Elm’s excellent history. JJ thought the display was just a little overboard, it was like answering a question with way too much information. For no apparent reason it did not reassure him, in fact it left him just a little curious as to why such an elaborate display.
“Mr. Jacques?”
“JJ would be fine.”
“Ok, JJ, I am Charles Helton, director of Shady Elms, can I be of service?”
“Yes, well that is, if you can show me to Mr. Joe Johnson, he is a client of mine and I need to talk with him.”
“What is this about?”
“It’s a personal private matter with Mr. Johnson as I told Ms Ames.”
“Is there something we should be concerned about with Mr. Johnson?”
“I have no way of knowing until I get a chance to talk with my client and, even after I do, I’m pretty sure whatever his concerns are will still be a private matter after our talk. It’s a matter of client confidentiality.”
“Well, I’m afraid you have wasted your time coming out here today because Mr. Johnson is very busy and can’t be disturbed,” Helton said as he indicated the way out for JJ.
“Too busy? I don’t understand, he’s your gardener right?
“Correct and he’s too busy?” Mr. Helton, just short of pushing, continued to show JJ the way out.
“Ok, hey, I think I understand. Your gardener is too busy to take a few moments out to talk to me. I presume he is doing some, one of a kind, rare botanical surgery on an anesthetized tree, or maybe, the flowers are in a critical stage of blooming requiring hands on attention until they are fully open, am I close?”
“Goodbye Mr. Jacques,” Helton said as he held the door for JJ.
“Whew, wait, do you smell that? I don’t know what it is but something stinks,” JJ said as he went out the door holding his nose.
Hesitantly JJ got back in his car. He drove slowly away passing by the large Shady Elms sign while hoping his visit hadn’t added some extra problems to Joe’s reason for contacting M&M Investigation. It was just a feeling he had after talking to that paranoid director, he thought some heat may fall on Joe’s shoulders. JJ, not to be dissuaded from talking with his client, would simply head to Joe Johnson’s apartment and wait for him to get off work. It was late in the day so it shouldn’t be too long a wait.
JJ returned some txt messages and caught up on some phone calls as he waited in his car in front of Joe’s house. As he had figured, it was only about forty five minutes before Joe turned into the driveway and parked.
As Joe got out of his vehicle JJ got out of his. “Mr. Johnson, hi, I’m James Jacques from M&M Investigations. First thing I want to do is apologize for any repercussions I might have caused you by going to your work place. I had no idea they would react the way they did.”
“Don’t you worry bout dem boss, dat bunch is all a time lookin back over der shoulder or somtang, besides, dey were no differnt than they normly is and dats the reason I called ya’ll.”
“Still, I’m really sorry, its not good to start off on the wrong foot with a new client,” JJ said and offered Joe his hand, “I’m better known as JJ, it is good to meet you Mr. Johnson.”
JJ, I like dat name, tis easy to remember, I’m Joe so just call me Joe,” Joe thought for a minute then said, “I could as well be a JJ too iffin I use my first and last initials like you don.”
“Hey, you certainly could be and we could confuse the heck out of anyone who listened while we talked. I would call you JJ and you would call me JJ, it would be a riot.”
“It shor would be, deyed be scratcin dey heads,” Joe’s smile was big but only lasted a moment as he let the reason for this contact float to the surface.
“So Joe, what’s got your goat, something at work?” JJ asked when he saw the smile fade.
“Ya’ll met da man, right?”
“Yep, I don’t think I made a friend.”
“I believe dat, he ain’t friendly, not to us but, he’s big friends wit dem old broads wit de big bucks.”
“Is there a problem with how they treat the residents?”
“No, no, ain’t no thang like dat, dey treat all em like dey was dey own family.”
“Ok, I’ll just listen and you tell me what has you concerned.”
“While I does da flours and thangs outside, some of de ladies would stop and talk at me fer sometime and I member some dey say,” Joe started shaking his head, “ya’ll got to know I don’t mean no harm to dem folks, dey is my friend.”
“I believe you Joe but what bothered you about what they said?”
“Early dis week, dis miss Carla was crying and I ask what fer? She say she ben think bout Mis Betsy Myers, dis friend who died some time back and she mis her most now. She done be her best ever friend.”
“Ms Betsy Myers, ok, what about this Betsy Myers?”
“I helps my mama with stuff and she be on de Social Security. She get dis letter ever month wit dis check from de social and I take her to cash dem so I know what dey looks like. Last week dat boss man assistant dropped some papers whilst I were doing flours at dat front doe so I hep her get dem back up. I see dey are dis letters from dis social and dey woz all wit Ms Betsy Myers on dem.”
“Ms Carla was crying last week thinking about her friend who had been dead for some time. This week you saw all these letters from social security with her friends name on them, is that right?”
“Dat right, boss, and I member Ms Carla told me she dead and I think why she stil get des letters.”
“Did you say anything to the boss’s assistant about this?”
“No sir boss, I don’t say nothang but dat lady don look at me funny you knos. I see her go right away, she talk mitt da boss and it scare me good. Dis a good job and I no want lose it, so I call ya’ll to say what to do.”
“I tell you what Joe, you go on doing your job like nothing happened and I will look into this and see where it goes. With luck we will keep your job and we will clear this up,” JJ shook hands with Joe. 
“I go din kept on doing just same you say.” Joe lifted his hand in a small wave, then went into his home.
Chapter Eleven

Feeling Froggy

“Hey Jim, what are you up too?”
“Heeey Megan, good to hear from you, are you ok?” Jim Blackstone asked then quickly continued, “Before you answer, I want to offer my sincere apology for not coming out to see you at that ranch. After all the visits I made in the hospital I was afraid of how bad you were injured and if I came out there I wouldn’t leave until you were completely healed. I didn’t want to add another burden on the Haley’s. I know it doesn’t sound like I care much by not coming out but, it is actually the opposite. I care about you too much and I hope you will find a way to forgive my frailty.”
“You may not believe this but I completely understand and you are forgiven. I went through a similar situation when my father was injured. So please don’t worry, I had the best care and the best rest I could ever have asked for and I am just fine,” Megan assured Jim.
“I’m going to believe you and thank you. Where are you, back at the office?”  
“Yep, back with my nose to the grindstone. How about you, busy?”
“Always but I always have time for you and besides, you were wanting a rematch for that golf game and I have been waiting till you felt froggy.”
“Well, I’m not going to eat a bug or hop into a pond for a swim but, the doctor has given me a clean bill of health and I need the exercise, so how about it? When do you have some free time?”
“You pick it, I have a lot of built up PTO and just need a reason to use some of those days for myself,” Jim said then continued, “I have my calendar right here in my hand so do it, pick a day.”
“Alright, you ask for this. Is Saturday ok, not this week but the next or is that too soon for you?”
“I’m always off on Saturday, can’t we make it during the work week so I can use some of these paid days off. I really want to tell my boss I am taking a PTO day.”
“Ok, ok, in two weeks on Friday then or is that too soon to clear it with your boss?”
“He’ll just have to deal with it, he can’t afford to lose me, I’m too valuable.”
“That will give me a few more days to work out the kinks, I will make the arrangements at the club that Friday then, I’ll get back to you with the tee time,” Megan said and then held the phone in silence.
“Something else Megan? I can almost hear you thinking about how to ask, so just get it out and we can deal with it.”
“I did call you about a golf outing but, yes, there is something I need but don’t know if I have the right to ask as it might be against your regulations. The info I need may also be protected from public access.”
“Hey, let me worry about that. Lay it on me and I will run it up the flag pole and see if anyone salutes it.”
“Ok, but don’t get your butt caught in a crack over this. I know DMV has some very strict rules so please don’t violate them to please me,” Megan said then laid it out for Jim, “I need to find out the names of the tenants that live in the apartment where I had my accident. These are the three people that lived in the apartment directly below the Logan’s. They moved out right after I fell on that fire escape. It is possible that they saw something and I would like to talk to them. They lived in that apartment that faced that fourth floor landing. It’s the apartment where my tumble down the fire escape ended up leaving me hanging by my fanny pack.”
“Hell Megan, quit calling that attempted murder an accident and face it, someone pushed your butt down that fire escape, someone tried to kill you.”
“I know, don’t you think I know that. I just have a hard time knowing that someone could believe that something was so important as to require murder to protect whatever it is.”
“Call me with that tee time and I will see you on the practice putting surface on Friday shortly before the tee time.”
Megan hung up the phone and checked her desk for anything that needed urgent attention. She found that most of the open files were each waiting for info from difference sources and until she got that info those cases had to wait.
“Hey Christine!” Megan shouted, skipping the intercom since her door was open.
“Hey boss, what’s up?” Christine said as she peeked around the corner of Megan’s office.
“I’ve caught up here so I am going back over to Mrs. Logan’s apartment building and snoop around. Maybe I’ll interview the tenants and see if I can find the source for the rumor that Mr. Logan was depressed and had considered suicide.”
“You sure? You really must be careful, someone over there is not your fan.”
“I’m packing,” Megan said as she pulled her suit jacket open to reveal her holstered 32 caliber snub nose Smith and Western revolver with the comfortable ladies grips, “and since I am now aware of the danger, I should be ok. If you hear from JJ let him know where I went.”
Chapter Twelve

Check Out The Checks

They had parked down the street in a nondescript white van. They watched the apartment building hoping that the violence they had taken would soon be forgotten as the police had now placed that attack on a back burner.
“Oh crap, look, that’s that meddlesome broad you pushed down the fire escape. She didn’t die as you’d hoped. I sure wish you hadn’t done that as now I don’t believe she’s going to let this go,” John Strong said as he pointed at Megan entering the apartment building where Mrs. Logan lived.
“Hey, it was a knee jerk reflex. I heard her say that she wondered what was up on our roof and I couldn’t allow that so, blame me if you must, I did delay any action by her until we could get moved. You can’t really fault me. I was just following your lead as you’re the one that pushed the old man off the fire escape and initiated the investigation of our building,” Clyde Salworth stated, “anyway, if you hadn’t left that rope ladder in the down position, that old man wouldn’t have climbed up and caught us working on the roof.”
“I’m sorry about that ladder, ok? However, if she keeps at it we may have to take a more drastic action. We can’t afford to have our plans interrupted, we have worked too long on this to allow some skirt wearing P I the chance of ruining it,” Strong said as he started the vehicle, put it in gear and pulled away. 
JJ was Headed to Shady Elms. While on his way he tried to contact an old college buddy who had been a fanatic hobbyist with those battery powered drones. His hope for this particular avenue of investigation rested on the possibility that his friend was still into those things. His hopes were raised a little when he got his friend’s answering machine.
“Leave a message, make it quick, don’t go droning on and on about it.”
“Hey Darrel, JJ here, I need your help, give me a call,” and then JJ left his cell number.
The temperature inside the rest home wasn’t any warmer but JJ plunged ahead.
“Hello again, Ms Ames. I need to see the director this time.”
“I’m not sure he wants to see you.” Sara Ames flatly stated.
“I think it is best if you let him decide that. Would you please tell him it is no longer a private matter it is now a social matter?”
JJ gave her his best smile as she lifted the phone and punched in the director’s number.
Much to Ms Ames’s surprise, the director came out shortly and led JJ back toward his office. JJ couldn’t help it, he turned his head back toward Ms Ames and, as they left the front desk area, he again gave her his best smile.
Charles Helton showed JJ into his office and offered him a chair then moved around and sat at his desk.
“Social matter, very cute. I presume you have talked with your client and he told you what he saw.”
“As a matter of fact he did. He is a very honest man and what he saw frightened him.”
“Are you sure he understood what he saw?”
“Well I could make some calls and check it out for myself but I’m pretty sure Mr. Johnson is very capable of understanding what he saw.”
Mr. Helton pushed the intercom button on his phone pad, “Cora, would you step in here and bring our lost and found treasures with you?”
“JJ, was it?”
“That’s right JJ.”
“Cora Anderson I want you to meet Mr. James Jacque, JJ,” Helton said as he ushered her toward JJ where they then shook hands. “JJ is a private investigator working for our Mr. Joe Johnson.”
“Oh, Mr. Johnson?” Cora Anderson said.
“Would you show JJ what you have in that folder?” Helton moved some things away from the center of his desk and said, “just dump it here so we all can see.”
It was quite a pile, about sixty envelopes, all but one of them from Social Security. That particular letter was actually addressed, not from but, to Social Security. JJ noticed that envelope also had a metered postage stamp on it as if it was ready to be mailed but, the stamp had not been canceled yet, as it hadn’t been mailed.
“Wow these are all addressed to Mrs. Betsy Myers. Hey, wait a minute, they haven’t been opened, I don’t understand. Could you enlighten me on this, I must have gotten the wrong idea?”
“Quite understandable, if I were in your shoes I would have jumped to the same conclusion. You probably won’t believe this but, until fourteen days ago we had no idea these even existed. Cora found them when she was moving one of the secretary’s file cabinets into one of the rooms we had just remodeled. The room these cabinets were in was going to be remodeled also.”
“Fourteen days ago, that’s when Mr. Johnson saw them and now you’re telling me that is the same day you saw them for the first time?” JJ said slowly shaking his head. “Convenient timing I would say.” 
“I know, hard to believe, right?” Helton went on to explain, “Cora had just found these items and was bringing them, in a hurry, to show me and that’s when she dropped them by the front door. We could see that Mr. Johnson was curious and when Cora came right over and told me, we were both absolutely shocked and we probably looked it and he assumed the worst.”
“I hope you both understand where we are coming from,” JJ said and continued, “Mr. Johnson is concerned that him seeing these unexplained items might cost him his job and he really likes and needs this job.”
“Can I ask why he thought these envelopes might be something shady? They are just envelopes for residents and we get many of them each month for our guest.”
“That’s a fair question,” JJ went on to explain, “Mr. Johnson has quite a bit of unsolicited contact with your guest as he goes about maintaining the gardens and grounds. As you must know, some of your guest are unfortunately lonely due to age and distance from their friends and family. They will make contact with anyone available and sometimes they will inadvertently share their problems with that contact. One of your guest had recently commented on how much her friend liked the flowers around Shady Elms so Mr. Johnson offered to cut a flower for her. That’s when the  guest told him that her friend, Betsy Myers, had passed away several years ago. The guest cried some as she still missed her terribly and this crying probably embedded the name in Mr. Johnson’s memory. I guess he put two and two together and got an unwelcomed total.”
“That is also understandable and I can see why he was concerned,” Mr. Helton continued, “You tell our Mr. Johnson that he has nothing to worry about, his job is secure. We have contacted our lawyer and he and a Social Security agent will be here tomorrow to try to correct this unfortunate situation. It might be tough for this agent to accept our explanation as the secretary who maintained these files has recently passed away, leaving us high and dry with no real solid idea why or how this happened.”
JJ shook hands with the director and assistant as he left. He asked if he could check back with them to find out what solution they had come up with. He was assured that that would not be a problem. JJ asked them to remember that Mr. Johnson was a good man and maybe they would let him know he is appreciated. He was also assured of their intent on that path.
Deciding to not wait on this, the director took JJ out to the garden and together they told Mr. Johnson the result of their meeting and assured him of his future and how much he was appreciated here at Shady Elms. Mr. Helton also told JJ he would pick up the tab for his services so as not to burden Mr. Johnson with this unexpected expense.
JJ said goodbye to Mr. Johnson and told him to call if he had any other problems and that he would now close this case.
Chapter Thirteen

Don’t Need No Stinkin Badges

Back at the office JJ got the message about Megan’s location from Christine. “Any calls for me?”
“They are there on your desk, there were only two calls while you were gone,” Christine assured him.
“Ok, thanks, hey, when did Darrel call?”
“A few minutes ago, did you want me to try to reach him?”
“No, no, it’s ok, I’ll do it. Thanks anyway.”
“Hey, this is Darrel,” came from the phone after it had rung a couple times.
“Hey Drone Man. You still flying them high?”
“JJ, my man, say what it is Mr. P I?” Darrel laughed and said, “still flying them higher than the FAA will allow but what they don’t know won’t hurt me.”
“You busy, I could sure use your help if you could spare the time?”
“Some P I shit I suppose. Want me to tail someone with one of my drones?
“You practically hit the nail on the head with that comment. Actually it would be flying over some five or six floor building’s roof tops to video tape them. We want to see if any thing is going on up there on those roofs. I would really like to do this from a distance to be safe.”
“Wow, no fooling? You know I love what you do and it would really give me a kick to assist you. Would you be giving me a temporary P I badge or maybe it’s a ‘We don’t need no stinkin badges’ kind of operation.”
“You know P I’s don’t got no stinkin badges, you goof,” but JJ was laughing as Darrel expected.
“I can take the time, just let me know where and when. If It’s dangerous then distance is important in order to be safe, hey, just let me know.”
JJ thanked Darrel and rang off.
Megan knocked on the door and Shirley quickly responded asking through the door, “Who is it?”
“Hey Shirley, it’s me Megan, I have a few more questions for you if you don’t mind?”
The door was quickly unlocked and swung open to the smiling face of Shirley Logan, “Come in, come in, it’s good to see you.”
“You too, you are looking chipper, to use an old English phase for the color in your cheeks and your smile.” 
“I hope you are right, I’m practicing what Sam would be telling me if he was here,” Shirley said as she showed Megan into the kitchen and suggested a chair at the small breakfast table.
“Well, what ever it is, please keep it up, it looks like it’s really working,” Megan replied as she took that offered chair.
Mrs. Logan turned to the stove and lit the burner under the already filled tea pot , “We’ll have a spot of tea while we talk, ok?”
For the next hour they talked and went over everything that had occurred from shortly before Mr. Logan’s death through the week following Megan’s plunge down that fire escape. The main reason for reviewing this period was to determine where the rumor of Mr. Logan’s depression actually came from. Once she was satisfied that she had gleamed all she could, she said goodbye but promised to come see her for a visit in the future.
Megan had been allowed to read the interviews the police had conducted during their short investigation. It seemed like the only people who responded with any hint of this rumored depression was the three individuals on the fourth floor below the Logan’s.
In her opinion now, after this what she hoped was the final interview with Mrs. Logan, the three individuals on the fourth floor had an ulterior motive for spreading that rumor. Her and JJ’s task now was to find those individuals and investigate the underlying reasons they would say something like this about Mr. Logan.
The next day found Megan going from shop to shop near Mrs. Logan’s apartment. Her intent was to gain as much information on the three individual as possible from neighbors and local businesses. Unknown to her, she was again watched from that same white van.
It didn’t take long for the van operator to be satisfied with his suspicions. That skirt wearing P I was not going to quietly fade into the background. They were going to have to take some action on her. 
Megan called JJ and asked if he still had that ladder and if so would he meet her at Mrs. Logan’s apartment. She wanted to go up on the roof and sweep the area to see if they could get some clue as to the previous activity going on up there.
The van operator followed Megan back to the apartment, keeping his distance so he wouldn’t be spotted. It looked to him like she had some delivery guy bring her a ladder and he could only guess that she was headed to the roof to look around. He hoped his quick clearing of that roof top was sufficient to leave no clues for this broad.  He thought about waiting for the delivery guy to leave and then ask him some question but on further thought he dismissed the idea. Now assured of her intent, he started the van and left the vicinity. As he drove away he was running a thought through his mind. Maybe there is a way to test out our product and get rid of the pest at the same time. He would have to discuss it with his partner before he could decide something like this.
Megan and JJ stopped by the manager’s office and, for a bit of luck, found him there. Megan told him her plans and asked if he had a broom and dust pan they could use to sweep the roof for evidence. He was reluctant but came through with a wide bristled broom he used on the sidewalks and a dust pan they could use. Megan led the way and for the next hour they swept and picked up everything that was left on the floor of that flat roof. 
 
Chapter Fourteen

Flying High

“Hey Megan, how is Mrs. Logan doing? I failed to ask you when we were sweeping up that roof,” JJ asked as he went into his office.
Megan walked over to the doorway and leaned against the door frame of JJ’s office and answered, “She seems to be on the right path and she is looking really good.”
“Update time I believe,” JJ said as he rose, came out of his office and led Megan into the conference room.
JJ started as soon as they were seated in their normal position, “Mr. Johnson’s case is closed satisfactorily.”
JJ went on to explain to Megan what the case entailed. She seemed really pleased that it was that easy and that there wasn’t really a crime involved just an oversight.
“Enough case to give it a name?”
“Not sure, didn’t take much time and there wasn’t a real crime, just a filing error that should be cleared up by now. Shady Elms said they would pick up the tab for our time relieving Mr. Johnson of that burden.”
“Well think about a name for that case at your leisure, I like it when all our cases have a name.”
“Can do, I’ll come up with something satisfactory,” JJ promised.   
“Hey wait, how about, The Case of the Shady Social Matter?” hang on one more, “The Case of Security at the Shady Social. Huh, good? What do you think?”
“Ha, ha, those are not bad. So choose one or think on it a little more, maybe something else will pop but I do like that last one and it covers all the parts.”
JJ called Darrel and told him he would pick him up for the ride to the ranch. He met Darrel outside his apartment waiting on the sidewalk. JJ read the box as Darrel loaded his equipment into the trunk of JJ’s car. Teal remote controlled drone was prominently displayed on the front of the one and a half foot square box. “This looks new,” JJ said.
“Brand new, just needs a few minutes of assembly and it will be ready to fly.”
“New? Ok but, I want to see this new bird in operation before we start flying over occupied buildings. Do you have time to take a ride with me out in the country so I can see you do your thing?” JJ asked Darrel.
“Lead on brother, I got some time.”
JJ called Paul and Sophia to see if it would be ok to come up to the ranch and test out his friend’s flying model. Paul relayed their concern about the horses reaction to a noisy model airplane’s loud gas engine but JJ assured them it was just a drone with battery powered motors and should be relatively quiet. JJ promise to test it near the horses before he did any flying above them. They agreed to let them test it out and then go from there with the reaction of the horses the major concern.
It was an hour and a half later JJ and Darrel enter the front gate of the Haley’s ranch. Darrel was taken aback by the postcard beauty of the open pastures on both sides of the quarter mile drive. He was also amazed at the picturesque setting of the two story house tucked back into the hill that ran across the back of their property.
“After those twist and turns coming around that lake and the other properties leading up to this one, I can’t believe how level and nice this property is. I had pictures in my mind of a hilly, rock strewn, barely usable piece of land, man was I wrong.”
“I fell in love with this place the first day I came here and that is why I keep coming back,” JJ put in.
“Are those race horses, you know, thoroughbreds I mean?”
“Yep, born and bred right here.”
“You didn’t mention that, now I am concerned about flying as I think they may be more sensitive to their surroundings than normal farm animals,” Darrel said as JJ drove slowly up the drive.
“We will get the chance to test that before we do any of the serious flying stuff. They are comfortable with mowers and tractors moving and cutting around them so, maybe it will be ok. Give me the highlights on this new bird of yours,” JJ said.
“Ok, you might think I memorized this but I studied this particular unit on line for some time before I purchased it. The ads say it is ready to race right out of the box, however, racing would require a bulky optional and expensive remote control in order to handle its ability. I’m not racing it so I stuck with my own hobby remote control as it has a four and one half star rating with a two mile range. I added the monitor capability so I could actually see from the camera on the drone as it flew. This Teal bird is stable and will stay on course through 40 mph winds. It’s only 10 inches in width weighting 1.6 pounds and will fit in most back packs, so it is completely mobile. It has a built in camera for capturing 4K video and 13-megapixel stills. This should fit your suggested requirements and oh, I upgraded to the 20 minute battery so we can video record longer.”
“Dam Sam, that is a load and I presume it cost more than a dollar ninety eight?”
“You got that right, just a few bucks more.”
JJ and Darrel drove up to the house and spent a little time with Paul and Sophia. Darrel couldn’t stop talking about how much he loved their ranch and the way the horses increased the beauty of the place. After Darrel finally ran down, Paul followed the two guys down to the big empty pasture. He had moved the horses around to give them a clear field for their drone testing.
Paul had watched closely as Darrel prepared the drone for flight. “Wow, it’s a lot smaller than I expected. I would worry about losing it out here if it went down inadvertently. I once helped my young granddaughter fly her little helicopter out here and it was a disaster. We lost control and it got away and went down, we and the FAA are still looking for the crash scene.”
Both the guys laughed at the FAA being involved, then Darrel said, “I’m really hoping that doesn’t happen but, this unit has a lot of safeguards that your helicopter didn’t have. This one has a very smart well protected computer on board. It has a locator beacon to assist locating it and it has a GPS guidance system that keeps it advised where it is. There is one other very important addition. It is like a boomerang, if control is lost, flying battery is low or any of several other problems that would interfere with flight, it will return to launch location, right here beside us,” Darrel explained.
“Must be some computer on board, amazing,” Paul said.
“I’m with you Paul, I wasn’t aware of its capability or the safeguards,” JJ added.
The launch was almost anticlimactic as Darrel kept the prop speed at just enough to create flight. The little unit rose and Darrel pushed the direction lever and the little unit slowly floated away across the pasture. Darrel kept the drone at a slow speed and flew it, on the way back, about 25 feet over the tops of several horses.
All three watched the action in the small screen that was part of the remote control. There was no reaction from the horses as the unit flew overhead. The unit was very quiet as it flew by but when Darrel increased the speed  the whine of the unit was more apparent. He flew the little drone down to about 15 feet over the horses and it seemed they completely ignored it.
They all heard the honking that caused them to look up together.
“Flight of geese coming in,” Paul told them as he pointed at the flight of large birds in the distance..
“Let’s have some fun if it’s ok with you?” Darrel asked Paul.
“You mean with the geese?” Paul asked.
“Yep, I think I can fly with them.”
“That’s ok, as long as there is no harm to the birds please.
“I promise.”
All of a sudden the little drone rose at an amazing pace then fled across the field out of sight in no time. The little screen showed the flight of geese in the distance and Darrel hit a control and locked on to the flying birds. The birds rapidly increase in size as they filled the tiny screen. Darrel took the lock off the birds as they went by the little unit.
Paul and JJ looked at each other as the small screen showed only an empty sky. They assumed the unit had lost the birds and would soon return to their location. Suddenly the back of the trailing bird in the flight of geese swung into view on the small screen. The large bird moved from right to left then finally stayed in the middle. They watched as the small drone closed in on the flight isolating on that particular bird.
Darrel kept the small drone at a respectable distance from the birds but followed them as they flew over. The drone was dwarfed by the geese, it was like a period at the end of a sentence. The drone followed the birds as they flew, barely visible due to its size and the distance from the onlookers..
As Paul had expected, the birds turned and made a large circle in preparation for landing in the large field. Darrel kept the drone on their six as they came down to land. It was amazing to watch the backs of those birds as they flared their wings and slowed for landing. The monitor showed the action of the bird’s muscles necessary for these large travelers to maintain speed, altitude during flight and fly the distance they did.
“Well, what do you think?” Darrel asked.
“I’m sold, the viewing of those building will be a piece of cake,” JJ said.
“If possible and if you have them, I want copies of the videos you took during your test here. I am totally impressed, I’ve never seen anything like this,” Paul put in.
“I will download them for you, no problem.”
They packed things up, had a glass of ice tea with Sophia and Paul but begged off on any food. They said there goodbyes and Darrel said he would give the videos to JJ and JJ promised to get them to Paul on his next visit. Everything satisfactorily completed, they reluctantly headed back to the city.
Chapter Fifteen

Take the Nosey Bitch Out

John Strong looked at his partner and said, “Well, I believe we have come to that point where we have to take action against this nuisance. I saw her down the street, in our new neighborhood, talking to that guy who brought her the ladder she used back at our old apartment.”
“What the hell she doing here?” Clyde Salworth jumped to his feet and rhetorically asked then answered his own question, “She somehow tracked us down to this neighborhood, how unfortunate for her.”
“I was thinking maybe we should use one of our completed units as a test. We could literally kill two birds with one stone so to speak,” John then continued, “complete a real time test and get rid of this P I nag.”
“Do you think the boss and cell would approve of that?”
“Best not to ask, easier to get forgiveness than to get permission on most operations like this.”
“Let’s monitor them for a couple of days and see what they are up too.”
What were they up too, they were totally committed to video taping the tops of all the surrounding building with Darrel and his super operating drone. Megan was still visible on the streets while JJ and Darrel had relocated to a more secure location where they could operate the drone without being observed by the locals.
Once Megan was comfortable with the location of her associates, she made her way to a nearby restaurants where she took some time to have lunch.
JJ and Darrel had video taped all the buildings that met the criteria anywhere close to the Logan’s apartment. The total exercise was a bust. There was zero activity on any of the roofs and the roofs were there for the taking if someone wanted.  JJ thanked Darrel for his efforts and told him how much he enjoyed watching him fly that fantastic machine. He told Darrel that with his ability he should be flying drones for the military. Darrel assured him that he had thought about it but rejected it on many points.
It was two days later John Strong and Clyde Salworth sat again in there apartment and John listened while Clyde told him what he had seen.
“They were flying one of those remote controlled drones along the roof tops of all these buildings around here and I think they were looking for us. I couldn’t see where the operators were but I am sure it is the same guy she hired to bring her that ladder,” Clyde said.
“You are sure it was them and they are connected to that sneaky P I bitch?”
“Oh, it was her, I saw her in that restaurant down the street, she was just biding her time while the roofs were taped. Besides, who else could it be and why would anyone else fly a drone just above the roofs of these building? That drone was right on top of here for some minutes as I watched from one street over. They had to be video taping the rooftops, yes they were looking for us. It was very smart of us, moving our work into the basement here.”
“Had to do it as our previous exposure revealed our vulnerability, besides the next part of our task can’t be done on a rooftop,” John put in.
“Well as far as I am concerned this drone shit tears it and we have to shut that sneaky bitch down. I think your idea of using one of our finished vehicles for a test run is a valid solution and she should be the current target for that operation,” Clyde said then slamming his hand twice on the table he shouted, “take her out, take that nosey bitch out!”
Meanwhile Megan, her ears probably burning, was driving up to see her favorite doctor/coroner. Dr. Jan Su Yang had agreed to see Megan when she called him and they had set up this appointment.
She parked in the same slot she had parked in before when she and JJ had been investigating Paul Haley’s arrest for murder. She, due to some paranoia, checked her surroundings before she left the parking area and crossed the street to the county morgue.
“Yes?” came from the small speaker beside the Morgue’s entrance.
“Hi, It’s Patricia right?” Megan asked.
“That’s right, is this Ms Morgan?”
“Yes and remember it is just Megan, ok?”
“Ok, I’ll buzz you in.”
Megan heard the buzzer and the lock retracted so she opened the door and headed in toward Patricia’s desk.
“Oooo, I love your hair like that, it is so modern but also reflects of the past. Who did it, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“Special one time cut. I don’t believe you would want to have yours done at the same place,” Megan said with a secretive smile on her face.
“Now you got me, not going to let you go until you spill the beans,” Patricia said as she crossed her arms and put on a very stubborn face.
“Alright, alright, I give. It was done by a brain surgeon and his two nurses.”
“Seriously, you are not serious, you’re pulling my leg, right?”
“Got the scars to prove it,” Megan said as she leaned forward and brushed her hair back from the almost 3 inch long lighting bolt scar that adorned one side of her upper forehead.
“Oh my God,” Patricia said as she stood and took a closer look at the scar, “Wow, shades of Harry Potter, hey do you do magic?”
Going with the flow, Megan turned her back, opened her fanny pack, took out her dark rimmed glasses and slid them on before she turned back to face Patricia. “I do and I just returned from Hogwarts so get me in to see the doc or I will curse you.”
“Amazing, simply amazing,” Patricia sat back down and pushed the intercom button for Dr. Yang.
“Yes Patricia?” came from the speaker.
“Harry Potter here to see you.”
“Harry Potter? Ok, send him in I guess. Has Ms Morgan arrived yet?” Dr. Yang asked.
“I’ll check and see,” then Patricia smiled at Megan as she ushered her in to see the corner.
Chapter Sixteen

Potter at the Morgue

“Harry Potter, oh that’s a good one. The hair cut, the glasses and hey, is that a real scar?” Dr. Yang said as he rose and came around his desk to where Megan had entered.
“Yep, bought and paid for so to speak,” Megan said as she shook hands with the good doctor.
“Sit, sit, you got to tell me about this.” Dr. Yang sat back at his desk and held up a finger asking for a moment as he pushed the intercom button and shouted, “Patricia, get someone, get Dumbledore. It isn’t Harry Potter it’s Lord Voldemort.”
Megan and Dr. Yang both could hear Patricia laughing at her desk. “I just had to come back with something or she wouldn’t know how much I appreciate her humor. How are you doing, are you ok.?” Dr. Yang asked. 
“I see you both are J. K. Rowling fans, me too. Actually I’m very well. I was severely injured but unbelievably lucky and that’s why I’m here. The location where I got hurt was the same place a Mr. Logan plunged to his death from a fourth floor fire escape. I need your input on his death as I believe his remains were brought here for the autopsy .”
“Mr. Sam Logan, right?”
“That’s correct, an elderly gentleman, his widow is a client of mine.”
“She doesn’t buy the suicide conclusion the investigators arrived at, I’m guessing.” 
“Right and she is adamant about it, determined to get the actual truth. Who did the autopsy, was that you?”
“Yep, yours truly. You want my opinion on the state of the body and my findings?” Dr. Yang said this as he turned to a file cabinet and rifled through a couple of folders before pulling out a particular folder and laying it on his desk. “This is the folder right here with the whole Kit and Kaboodle.”
“The Whole Kit and Kaboodle, haven’t heard that saying in a long time. So, in your opinion would you say Mr. Logan killed himself on purpose or was it possible there was some other factor involved?”
“You’re not squeamish are you, some of my details are a little gory to most laymen?”
“I haven’t been so far but one never can tell until one goes through a situation that is so repulsive as to cause a uncontrolled reaction.”
“Ok, we will go in then. I see from the cranium trauma he landed on his head with bone crushing speed and the severity is consistent with a fall from four or five floors,” Dr. Yang paused for a moment with “mmnn” then continued, “he had both legs broken and I wondered how that happened, after all, he had landed on his head.”
“Well that is inconsistent with a simple head first plunge to his death I would think.”
“I put that in my report and it is right here,” Dr. Yang showed Megan the write up he had made and the notation also listed to who he had given the final report.
“Anything else in there suspicious or gave you a pause for thought?” Megan asked then followed with another question, “did you know that his death was ruled a suicide before you did the autopsy?”
“No, I had no information on what the police were thinking and I hope they didn’t finalize their findings until after they got my report.”
“I would hope so too, I’ll check on that as date and time should give me those facts,” Megan added.
“Now, looking at the report, except the damage done by the fall, the brain weight and appearance was without any signs of a possible disorder like Alzheimer or Dementia and it had good color suggesting normal blood flow. I must also add that there is no particular quick black and white determination of those diseases without extensive testing of the expired person’s brain.”
“Ok, I understand this is strictly from appearance.”
“Right, Now there were no real abnormalities otherwise and his bodies total health was well within the bounds of a active person around his age. As far as the autopsy went there was nothing to suggest suicide and, as far as I could tell, he had many happy years in front of him.”
“I agree, all the people I talked to in the building told me he was a happy well adjusted senior citizen living the relaxed life of a retired person.”
“Were he and his wife destitute?”
“No, they have a good retirement, sufficient savings and all their bills are paid on time.  They also have a good health insurance policy and had more than substantial life insurance on each, in case one should die and leave the other with funeral expenses and such, however, with the suicide conclusion by the police, the life insurance company has rejected Mrs. Logan’s claim.”
“So, now I ask you, how did the cops come to their conclusion?” Dr. Yang asked.
“That’s what I came here to ask you, I’m at a loss,” Megan said shaking her head. 
Chapter Seventeen

Rooftop Residue

“Hey, this is Megan,” Megan said as she answered the ringing phone while Christine was out getting some lunch for both.
“Well, I didn’t expect to get the boss when I called,” Colleen Jimenez said with surprise in her voice.
“I am multi talented and multi taskable, is taskable a word?”
“I don’t think so but I understand the reference. I got some results on the residue you gave me from that rooftop, how would you like it?”
“Can you give me a quick run down and then fax the details to our office?”
“Not a problem, I’ll also include my bill with the fax, that ok?”
“As expected, before you start, thanks for rushing this as I don’t want this case to get any colder than it already is.”
“What I found was mostly bits and pieces, you know, different color conducting wire clippings. There were also some clippings that must have come from some very sensitive electrical components. Those bits and pieces were evidently, for the most part, leads that were shortened to fit the installation locations. I also found quite a few small pieces of some high priced fiber optics. This is normally used for sophisticated video operations or high definition surveillance cameras.” Colleen paused then before Megan could ask she continued, “The bits and pieces of wire and component wire can easily be explained as there is more than likely electrical outlets, fans or many other types of equipment on the roofs of these old buildings, the fiber optics was a definite surprise.”
“That is a surprise. I know this old building doesn’t have any surveillance much less anything with any expensive equipment. What the heck were they building up there?” The question was rhetorical so Megan continued without allowing Colleen to answer, “anyway, I really appreciate your speedy results and I will take care of the bill right away. I will send you an invitation to the next End of Case party as you seemed to be having a great time at the last one.”
“Well, it was fun and, no matter what you are thinking, it had nothing to do with that young police officer that showed up.”
“If you say so, got to go. I just heard  JJ come in and I need to catch him before he flies out of here again. I’ll see you soon, bye for now.” 
“Understand, say hi to JJ for me.”
“Will do,” Megan heard Colleen say bye again as she replaced the phone in its cradle.
JJ came right into Megan’s office without stopping in his, He sat down and let Megan bring him up to date on her visit with Dr. Yang and the results of the trace evidence found on that old rooftop. JJ too was very surprised at the findings of expensive fiber optics in amongst the bits of wiring. She and JJ went into the conference room where Megan pulled the freshly received copies out of the fax machine. She pinned those copies, the roof top residue lab test notes, on the murder board. She also pinned a copy of the autopsy report, Dr. Yang had allowed her to copy, up there also.
“Any ideas on the residue?” JJ asked.
“Nothing comes to mind right now. I’m going to let it sink in for a couple of days and see if I can see any light at the end of that tunnel. So what about you?”
“As you know, Darrel and I went up to the ranch. He flew that drone all over the area, even chased some geese that were coming in to land, amazing stuff. After that I was totally convinced that taping the activity on top of those buildings we had identified would be a piece of cake. Well, you were there when we set up and I was right. The pictures from those fly bys were as clear as being up on the roof myself. Unfortunately there was nothing up there and we ran passes from all different directions and there was nothing suspicious going on anywhere up there.”
“Ok, but it was a good idea and a logical deduction. Where did they go? I feel as if we are close but maybe they have gone to ground for awhile.”
“What do we do now?” JJ asked as he posted some still shots they had made from the video taping of those rooftops.
“I am meeting Jim from DMV tomorrow for a round of golf and hopefully we will get the names of those fourth floor residents from him,” Megan said as she took a close look at the stills JJ had posted.
Friday morning found Megan on the putting green in front of the club house. She was using her Odyssey putter and practicing her six foot putts with three new ladies Noodle’s golf balls. Six foot putts were her nemeses and had cost her numerous rounds as they always seem to find a way to go somewhere around the cup, just not in.
“Hey, trying to get a leg up on me, are you?” Jim Blackstone said as he walked on to the practice green.
“Need all the help I can get as I am as rusty as an old junk yard vehicle,” Megan replied.
“Did you warm up on the range?”
“Sort of, I hit half of the balls in a small bucket and all the parts seem to cooperate without any pain so I’m good to go. How about you?”
“If I did it would just take the edge off my game. I got us a cart and there are a couple, of walk on players, that will play with us. The starter guaranteed them as ok and on par with our play,” Jim looked at Megan’s frown, “That’s ok with you right?”
“I hope I don’t embarrass myself with my lack of recent play.”
Well, she didn’t and she even amazed herself on several shots. The game was fun and the couple, husband and wife, who joined them was as the starter suggested and fun to play with.
“That was just what I needed,” Megan said as they sat in the club house both having a tall glass of beer.
“You played great and it was really a pleasure to just be with you again. I could do this all the time if you were there,” Jim said as he took Megan’s hand.
“You are going to give me a big head if you keep this up. Seriously, you make the little time I get to relax so enjoyable it makes my heart happy.” Megan said as she took both his hands in hers and leaned in and surprised him with a totally unexpected kiss.
“Well, wow, that settles it, we are playing golf more often.”
They spent the rest of the day at the club. They danced to the songs, the piano man played, and they joined the other members at the lunch buffet when it was ready. Many golfers she knew came by to let her know that they had been monitoring her recovery and were very pleased to see her back at the course. All in all it was a wonderful day and one she had been looking forward to for some time. Megan now felt that she was well again and, thanks to Jim, she was back amongst the living.
The golf outing ended with another kiss and an envelope passed to her during that last embrace.
Chapter Eighteen

Brain Itch

JJ, Christine and Megan sat in the conference room at the office, each with a fresh cup of coffee. The small manila envelope that Jim had given Megan at the golf course lay on the desk in front of her just begging to be opened.
“Well, let’s do it. I hope there is something in here we can use,” Megan said as she slit open the envelope with her personal letter opener. She then gave the contents to Christine, “scan these into the computer real quick so we can put them up on the flat screen.”
“You seem far away, what are you thinking about?” Megan asked JJ as he seemed to be distracted.
“You have that uncanny ability to see that I have a brain itch, you know, something on my mind that I can’t scratch.”
“A brain itch, nice name for that condition,” Megan said.  “So, as you know, it is best to bring things out in the open so we can all take a look at them. Sometimes second opinions can help one decide if this is something we should check on.”
“I have been trying to wrap my head around those social security checks. There are so many checks and balances that are automatically taken when a person passes away that it is almost impossible for one to die without Social Security reacting. They get their obituary notices from so many different agencies that the error that one agency might make would not prevent them from cancelling distribution of monthly checks to that individual. As a matter of fact they have reacted in the opposite direction on false rumors more often than not. I’ve seen it, a live person’s checks cancelled because Social Security mistakenly thought he had died. They did not get that info from a doctor either, it was some other agency.”
“Have you thought about contacting a member of this Betsy Myers’s family or do you know if she has any relatives living?” Megan asked.
“No, actually, these questions just came to me while I was on my way in this morning,” JJ replied after taking a sip of his coffee.
“Maybe that would be the avenue to take. Try to find a living relative and, who knows, you might get a client who would be interested in the passing of Mrs. Myers and those checks from Social security.”
“Got it loaded, you guys ready,” Christine said as she retook her chair.
Christine picked up the remote control and selected the scan file from the D: directory. She then picked the first file there which was a numbered .JPG scan.
“Ok, Jim got us the actual photo of the driver license. This is better than I expected. I will really have to thank him if he isn’t in jail for this,” Megan said.
“You’re right, we better keep this to ourselves. Uh oh, this guy, John Strong 25 years old, hasn’t changed his address yet. He’s still listed as living in the Logan’s apartment building, That’s a bummer for us as it makes him hard to find,” JJ put in.
“Well, that is disappointing, go on to the next one,” Megan said as she pointed at the screen.
The drivers license of Clyde Salworth, also 25 years old, came up on the screen. His address had not been changed either.
“Is there a third file?” Megan asked Christine.
“Here you go boss, the third and final,” Christine said as she clicked the remote control again for the last file. She then took the three photo originals over and pinned them to the murder board in the blank spots that were left for them.
They all sat up a little straighter as the drivers license of Mimi Stroud, 19 years old, came up on the flat screen.
JJ was the first to speak, “Hey, maybe we got something here. Her address is not that apartment building.”
“I’m calling Jim at work right now. I’ve got to thank him for this info and hopefully I’ll get a little more info on this young lady,” Megan said as she rose and left the room headed for her office and some privacy.
“She’ll probably get another golf date out of this too,” JJ said when she was out of earshot.
“Jim Blackstone please,” Megan said when the operator at DMV asked how she should direct her call.
“This is Jim.”
“This is Megan, how’s your day going?”
“It’s getting better every minute now.”
“Shut up, you big lug. Really everything alright?”
“Actually, the only way my day could be any better is if we were out on the golf course playing another round.”
“Speaking of Golf, you know that young girl who played with us, I think her name was Mimi Stroud?”
“Mimi Stroud, Mimi, oh, she was with those two guys that didn’t play that day, right?”
“Correct-a-mundo, they did not play golf.”
“She is such a good golfer and since she is a friend of yours, I was wondering if you have her phone number. I have her address but I hate to just pop up there one day without calling first. Oh, and, do you know how long she has lived at her current address, that is such a nice neighborhood, I might look there for a place for sale, you know, moving on up.”
“I think I have her number, let me check my phone.”
Megan could hear the clicking as Jim typed into the DMV computer. She hoped that Big Brother wasn’t looking over his shoulder as he checked for the info she needed.
“Hey, you are one lucky bug. I have both her home and cell.” Jim gave her both, “be sure to tell her hi when you reach her and if I get the chance I might call her and tell her you’re going to call. That neighborhood she lives in is nice and quite old, as far as I can remember, she’s been there for about three years now.”
Megan thanked Jim and promised to make another play date so he could use some more PTO and she could keep her game on the track back to where it was before her injury. She added the phone numbers to the murder board under the photo of Mimi’s driver license.
Chapter Nineteen

The Ruse at the Brewhouse

Megan was having a hard time deciding if she should use Mimi’s cell phone number or her house phone number. If she used the cell number the girl might get a bug up her posterior wondering where this stranger got her personal cell number. If she did, things might somehow work its way back around to Jim at DMV and that could be disastrous. Going with the less personal she dialed the house number.
The hello she got after the third ring did not sound like a twenty year old so Megan assumed it was an older relative or at least someone older.
“Hey this is Megan, is Mimi there?”
“Mimi, no she doesn’t live here anymore, she moved out over a month ago. Can I help you, who is this again?”
“Sorry, this is Megan. I thought she might be there as she has moved out of the apartment she was in two or three weeks ago. I was out of town and she didn’t leave a forwarding address and when I called her cell she didn’t answer. She had given me this number to use if her cell didn’t work for some reason. Are you her mom?”
“Yes, I’m her mom. What cell number are you using?”
Megan gave her the cell number and then follow it up with the address of the apartment she was living in. That info and the friendly approach Megan used confirmed that the number she had was the current one. Mimi’s mom wasn’t sure where she was living now, she didn’t even have the address that Megan had given her for the apartment where the Logan’s lived. She did confirm that she had talked to Mimi just a few days ago so the cell should work, maybe she was just away or had it turned off for some reason.
Megan assured her she would try her cell again later as it wasn’t anything critical or anything requiring an immediate response. She thanked her mom then hung up. Megan decided she better try the cell now as Mimi’s mom may call and alert her about the call she had received.
It was a younger girl that picked up this time so Megan assumed it was Mimi.
“Hey Mimi, this is Megan and I was wondering if you were doing anything and if you would like to have lunch, I’m buying?”
“Who is this?” Mimi said.
“Its Megan, this is Mimi, right? Hey girl, don’t tell me you don’t remember me. I’m not that forgettable, well, my other friends tell me I’m not.”
“Yeah this is Mimi. Lunch, yeah lunch would be good. You have a place in mind?”
“Pete’s Brewhouse and Pizza Restaurant right on 12th Street. Is that to far from you, if it is we can do something closer?”
“No, no, Pete’s is good, just a block away.”
“I’ll meet you there in about an hour if that is ok with you?” Megan asked.
“In an hour then, I’m really curious to see you again.” Mimi said and Megan knew the girl had no clue as to who she was.
Megan called the office together and told them about her lunch with Mimi. She wanted Christine to join them in the restaurant after Mimi and her were seated. She wanted JJ nearby so he could tail her back to where she was staying just in case things went astray and she wasn’t cooperative. Christine was the dilution to the meeting and that dilution should make things less intimidating when she comes on as Megan’s friend also.
“To really throw her off balance I want you, when you join us in the restaurant, to say hi to me and then make it a point to say hi to Mimi as if you also knew her as well as me,” Megan told Christine.
“Your going to make her think she has some type of amnesia with this stunt, you think it might work?” JJ asked.
“Don’t have a clue but I would like to have the upper hand and who knows, she may just recognize me as the lady who fell down the fire escape. That, of course, would make the whole plan void and she would see right through the theatrics we’re attempting. Everyone on board, lets get hands in here for a one two three break,” they all placed there hands together as if they were a high school team ready to face the opposition. Then they broke and headed to their planned positions.
She must have lived close because Megan spotted her as she walked up to the crosswalk and waited for the light to change so she could cross. Megan looked at Christine and quickly pointed at the girl crossing the street. Christine nodded her head signifying that she had seen her. Megan looked at JJ out on the street and he quickly pointed at Mimi as she headed into the restaurant where Megan waited.
Megan got up and went and met Mimi as she came in the door. With this closer look at her Megan realized that she was the frizzy haired cartoon lady that she had seen while she dangled from that fire escape. She looked somewhat like the comic book Orphan Annie. The auburn hair was kind of puffed around her head and her eyes seemed to be bigger than normal. Even with that in mind, Megan noticed that she was really pretty and maybe the way she did her hair was intentionally done to take away some of her prettiness. Megan also noticed that she looked a little unkempt and she suspected that she might be on the street and a little hungry.
“Hey Mimi, glad you could make it, I’m sitting right back here,” Megan said as she took Mimi’s hand and led her back to the table she had indicated.
Appearing as if by magic, “What would you like to drink?” the hostess said as soon as they sat down.
“I’ll take some iced tea, lots of ice, please,” Megan quickly replied.
“I want a coke,” Mimi told the young girl.
“Your server will be with you shortly, I’ll get your drinks,” the hostess said disappearing as quickly as she had appeared.
“Hey Megan, oh, and hi Mimi. Megan why aren’t you at work?” Christine asked as she approached.
“Took a little time off to meet a friend. How about you, I hear your boss is a slave driver so I wonder how you got free to take a break?”
“You wouldn’t believe the things she has me doing, I’m on a job right now if you can believe that,” Christine said as she pulled out a chair and sat down.
“I’m sorry, this may sound crazy but I don’t know you two or I don’t remember knowing you two. I may be losing my mind,” Mimi said as she shook her head.
“Well to tell you the truth, Christine here recognizes you from your drivers license photo. Maybe you might recognize me easier if I were dangling from a fire escape landing in front of your apartment window,” Megan said as she simulated that scene by bending over and moving from left to right.
“Oh my God, that was you, you’re that P I. Oh no, I got to go, I got to go,” Mimi stood and was ready to flee.
“Running won’t do you any good. If you leave I will just have the police pick you up and they can do the questioning instead of me.”
“How did you find me?”
“That isn’t important. Now, please sit back down and have some lunch so we can talk, you really have no other choice.”
Mimi sat back down and quietly waited for the server to take their order before she spoke.
“I had nothing to do with your fall, I want you to know that up front.” Before Megan could say something Mimi continued. “Ok, I was a witness, an innocent witness and as soon as I realized your fall was not an accident I literally ran from that situation. I’m sorry about your fall but I thought you were dead. I’ve been hiding out with no money and no place to live since then. I didn’t want those two jerks to find me. I’m so hungry and that’s why I agreed to meet you, just to get something to eat.”
“Good, this is a start. Just relax for a little and please have some lunch, I’m still buying. I didn’t think you were involved from the way you acted when you saw me dangling there.”
Well Mimi stayed and had lunch and she ate like she had been missing some meals as Megan suspected. She even let Megan order her a dessert after she had wiped out the large all meat pizza they had ordered. She also drank about a half gallon of soda as she got refill after refill to wash down the pizza.
The information Megan and Christine got was little more than what they already had. Mimi didn’t know either of the two apartment mate’s last names, she knew them by Clyde and John only. She did know they were doing some electrical work but didn’t have a clue about them doing it on the roof or their involvement with that Mr. Logan’s death. She wasn’t in the apartment when he died and the TV reported it as a suicide. She had no clue on who reported the old man as depressed or suicidal. Megan gave Mimi her business card and asked her to call if she thinks of something else or feels like she might be threatened or in danger. She also asked her to call if she just wanted to talk or needed anything.
Chapter Twenty

OMG, Bugs in my Car 

“Better sit down for this,” Clyde Salworth said as soon as John Strong came in. When he was seated Clyde said, “You probably won’t believe this but that pesky P I was having lunch with our little friend Mimi down on 12th at Pete’s Pizza place.”
“You serious, when was this?”
“Earlier today around noon. I’m still tailing that nosy P I, you know, and I feel she is getting too damn close. We have to take action now!”
“Ok, ok. We need to do this somewhere back close to that apartment, where we lived with Mimi, so no one connects this area to that one. We need to find out when she is going to visit there and we will arrange a little something permanent for her with one of our three, ready to go, units.”
“Hey, we got that P I’s office address, why don’t we send a message asking her to a meeting with someone who has some info about her accident. We can set the time and date for her to come alone,” Clyde put in.
“That’s actually a clever idea, let’s do it. I suggest you do that from a pay phone near our old apartment. Oh yeah, by the way, did you find out where our little Mimi is hiding out? We need to deal with her too.”
“I think she is on the street but I couldn’t tail the P I and her at the same time, sorry.”
“Don’t worry about it, we can always get her later if necessary. You know you got to be careful tailing that P I, she’s not blind you know?”
“I’m being very careful and keeping my distance.”
Back at the office and after a quick lunch break Megan and crew gathered in the conference room. Nothing really vital had come up in the lunch with Mimi except Megan was almost positive that she was no more than an innocent bystander. JJ had indeed tailed her and found that she was living on the street. She had gone back to an alley that is a known lair for some of the homeless in their fair city.
“I don’t know if you guys have noticed but, here lately, I have been just a little paranoid, looking over my shoulder you know?” Megan said.
“Can’t fault you for that, after all, someone tried to introduce you to the “Grim Reaper”,” JJ used two fingers on each hand to put the quotes on Grim Reaper.
“I know, I know. Thing is, I have seen this unusually ordinary white van at too many locations to be a coincidence. I don’t believe the driver knows I’ve noticed him as I’ve been using all these subliminal ways to view my surroundings. I used shop window reflections, the rearview mirrors in my car and my peripheral vision to track any vehicle’s starts and stops that might correspond to my movements. I saw a white van again today when I was watching out the window for Mimi. I can’t swear that it was the same van but something about it rang a large bell in my head. Another thing that’s been bothering me, sometimes a white van catches my eye as it shows up after I’ve been at a particular location for some time already. It seems that this van moves and follows me shortly after I pull out from a parking place, its happened too many times.” Megan wrote a short note about the white van then pinned it on the murder board, “now JJ, I  need you to refute this or confirm it somehow.”
“You got it boss. You go about your routine as normal and I’ll find a way to validate or disprove your suspicions.” JJ started to leave then turned back around, “on second thought I’m going to make sure I’m not in the limelight. I will leave by the back way and stay on the clandestine side of things, invisible to who might be watching, but first, I’m going to go over your vehicle to make sure there hasn’t been some type of GPS bug riding with you. I want you to take your ride in for an oil change, you know the place. Go for coffee while it’s being done.”
JJ was temporarily one of the uniformed mechanics at Lube and Things. He would be doing the oil change on Megan’s vehicle. JJ stayed inside the garage area while the manager, Jack Coggins, met Megan out front and took her keys and instructions on what she wanted done to her car.
As soon as Megan walked in the door Christine was out of her chair and met her while waving a note she had written down. “Somebody called, said he had info on your accident. He said, wait, I’ll play it back for you even though I jotted it down here,” Christine said as she handed Megan the note.
There were street noises behind the voice as if the phone was mobile or maybe a street pay phone. “You the one that got hurt on that fire escape? If you are, I have some info for you. You meet me alone tomorrow, you come walking up so I know you’re alone. Let’s say 10 am, out on the street near the apartment where that happened and I’ll give you the info. You got to bring some change for me, the info I got ain’t cheap so you don’t be cheap.”
It wasn’t easy to find but it was there and it was a very expensive long range electronic transmitting device. It was being used by and confirmed later by the FBI who wanted to know how JJ knew about this piece of equipment. He, of course lied, said he had seen it in a trade magazine. JJ wasn’t sure that the FBI believed him or not but he had the info he needed. He had taken close up pictures and wrote down serial and part numbers before he left the device in place so as not to alert the device users.
JJ came in and they replayed the recording for him. He thought it was a set up and said so to Megan.
“Set up or not, we have to see it through. This just might be the break we need to tie this down.”
“If you insist. I know what I’m going to do right now. I’m going to find an observation point where I can be hidden but still watch the area you will be in tomorrow. I’ll take supplies with me for the night, I want to be ahead of the game if possible.”
“Ok, tomorrow just before 10 am. I will park not to far from the apartment and I will proceed up the sidewalk on foot on the side of the street where the apartment is. It should be quiet and deserted at that time of the morning and I should be safe.”
Chapter Twenty One

The Robot and the Green Monster

She parked at 9:50 and she figured it was a 9 or 10 minute walk to the apartment. The streets were actually void of traffic and there was no one on the sidewalk but her. It was kind of eerie in a way. She did expect foot and vehicular traffic to be sparse but this was probably unprecedented in its sparseness. She kept a peripheral sweep of the area going and she strained to hear anything unexpected. All she heard was the sound of her medium heeled shoes as they struck the sidewalk. There was a white van parked about a hundred yards up the street but it appeared to be unoccupied, the van she had seen before so many times was not anywhere in the vicinity as far as she could tell. The buildings along here pushed up against the sidewalk leaving no room for grass or lawn that would have to be mowed. Most of the buildings entries had strong looking security screen doors that would prevent unwanted nonresidential  entrance.
Megan was about twenty yards from the alley that held her favorite fire escape when she heard that previously unoccupied white van start up. She still didn’t see anyone inside but the van pulled out and headed down the street in her direction. A moment later it sounded like the accelerator had been floored and the vans rear tires were now spinning and some black smoke was coming from them. That black smoke was spreading, permeating the area with the smell of burning rubber.
She thought that it was some idiot who was late for an appointment until the vehicle veered and headed straight in her direction. She looked for a place to go to be safe but nothing was there, no out cropping, no doorways, nothing but a blank wall with windows to high to jump through. She started running toward the alley and if she could make it there, she might be safe from the speeding vehicle.
From his position across the street, JJ heard the tires squealing and saw that the vehicle was headed for Megan but there was nothing he could do. He did the only thing he could and that was to at least get a video of this. He just hoped that it was only an attempt to scare her not to hurt her again. JJ could tell that she wasn’t going to make it to the alley unless something changed.
Just before that speeding vehicle could run Megan down, a large green waste management vehicle came out of the alley, out far enough to see both ways so it could enter the street avoiding any traffic. The large truck appeared too late for the driver of the van to take any defensive action and that made the collision unavoidable. The large vehicle was sticking out across the sidewalk, inherently protecting Megan, and the racing van struck the front corner and bumper of that almost immovable object. 
The force of that blow spun the van and it slid sideways into a speed bump that ran across the street. When those wheels contacted the speed bump, with the vehicle sliding sideways, it was enough to cause that vehicle to bounce into the air and flip sideways. The van landed on its top and then cart wheeled over and over on its side like a barrel rolling down the street. The centrifugal force of the spin pulled both front doors open and they were ripped off as the vehicle rolled. The engine of the van was still at full throttle and the rear wheels were churning the air as it rolled and when they touched pavement they squealed and puffs of smoke came up in two grayish black plumes.
Megan had frozen at the last moment preparing to shake hands with Saint Peter when the large green truck blocked the view of the speeding van, that is, until it flew by in the air. She stood in awe and looked up as the van passed in front of her, she could see that no one was on board and she stood there confused about the missing driver.
Megan was still frozen, with her back against the wall, but for only a few moments then she turned toward the alley and the big green vehicle that had saved her life. She ran to that large truck and grabbed the driver as he squeezed out between the corner of the building and the truck’s door. His vehicle had been slammed across into the side of the alley, barely leaving him room to get out. She threw her arms around him and kissed him on the cheek. “You are my super hero, you’re my super hero,” she kept repeating as she hugged him and cried, the tears running down her face unhampered.
JJ shot across the street to where Megan was. He grabbed the drivers hand, pumping it up and down, thanking him over and over adding to the driver’s confusion.
“That fool in that van broke my truck, what the hell’s wrong with him?” George Wilson said then continued, “say, how come you hugging me and thanking me, I didn’t do nothing. I was just down here in the alley picking up the people’s garbage.”
“Didn’t do anything, how about saving a ladies life? I would say that was something, it was really something. Damn, I’m glad you were here, I thought I had lost my friend and my partner,” JJ told George.
The noise of that white van suddenly catching on fire was loud enough to suggest an explosion, then again, maybe it was only the gas that had leaked out suddenly igniting.
JJ helped Megan stand back and free George from her clinging embrace. She was shaking like a leaf. JJ was afraid that this attempt on her life had really taken a toll. He called 911 for the fire department and an ambulance for Megan. While he waited, not leaving Megan’s side, he got all the particulars from George and gave him his business card with the promise that if he ever needed a P I it wouldn’t cost him a dime.
George pocketed the card, and now that his hand wasn’t being pumped or his body hugged, he started making his way around his truck to see how bad the damage was. He called his company for a possible tow and to report the accident.
“Hey Christine. First thing first, Megan is not injured but she was attacked and she might be in shock. I need you to go to our hospital and meet the ambulance right now as she is on her way there. Stay with her until I get there. I have to stay here to talk to the police and fire department,” JJ tried to avoid scaring her too much but she had to be told.
Christine kept butting in and JJ thought she might be crying, “I will explain it all when I get there, just stay with her and assure her all will be ok. I have to go now, stay lose, ok?” JJ then hung up the phone and went looking for the fire chief.

As JJ approached the smoking debris, that littered a portion of the black topped street, he recognized the back of the tall fireman. He watched for a few moments as the, heavily gloved, fireman carefully moved some of the vehicle’s super heated steel framework around. That framework, some running gear and the van’s tireless rims were the only things left that were recognizable pieces of some type of vehicle.
“Hey Chuck, will you quit playing in that mess? You go and get all dirty and your mom is going to be pissed at you.” JJ said smiling at the fireman as he turned around. 
“Hey JJ, man, I haven’t seen you in a couple of months. What happened, you banned from Alley Katz or did your old man ground you?” Fire Chief Charles Graham asked with a big smile on his face as he shook JJ’s hand.
“Actually none of the above, not been banned and my dad is the one mom grounded, not me. I’ve just been very busy. You heard about Megan’s injuries, right?”
“Yeah, wow I heard, that was some ordeal, falling down a fire escape like that. I’ve hit my knee on some similar steel steps before and I can understand the pain and injuries falling down one might cause. How’s she doing?”
“Not really sure. Being pushed down that fire escape and now being almost run over on purpose by a vehicle has got to take a toll on a person mental stability.” JJ paused then continued. “I was pretty sure she was well on her way to a full recovery, that was until today. Now this attack happened and it may have set her back, mentally I mean, but luckily she wasn’t physically injured, not today,” JJ assured the chief.
“Well, I hope this doesn’t slow her down too much. She is a very strong person so, maybe she will respond better than you fear. I will try to get by the hospital and see her when I finish here.”
“She would be happy to see you and I sure hope for the best too. So what have you found so far?”
“Hottest vehicle fire I think I have ever seen. Not much left to investigate, as you probably noticed, some framework, running gear and the vehicle’s rims is all that is left. The reason I say hot is right here. Look how these free weights, that must have been stored in the back, have melted and are now welded to the truck’s framework, now that is hot.”
“I have to agree, that is hot. I suppose there is nothing left that would identify the vehicle, you know, license plate or Vin number on a ID tag?” JJ asked as he wondered around looking in from the edges of the smoking debris.
“Doubtful, I think the cops will have a really tough time finding anything identifiable if you ask me.”
JJ was in a hurry to get to the hospital so he said goodbye to Chief Graham. He promised to see him soon at Alley Katz and he promised he would be buying the beer next time. He also promised to invite him to the next close of case party. The chief promised to take a really good look and sift through everything there to insure that nothing was overlooked in his investigation. 

Chapter Twenty Two

Not on my Watch

There was a young cop at the door to her hospital room and as JJ approached the officer stepped in front of him preventing his entrance. JJ and he had a moment of stare down before the officer spoke, “I’m sorry but no one is allowed in,” but he didn’t look sorry, he looked like he was just trying to be bulletproof.
“These your rules or are you working under Megan’s or the doctor’s orders?” JJ asked as he faked to the left then went by the officer on the right when the officer took the bait following JJ’s move to the left.
The young officer came blustering in behind JJ apologizing all over himself, “He tricked me, that wasn’t fair. I’m just trying to do my job here, this is no place for trickery.”
“It’s ok, it’s ok. He does that kind of thing to everyone. Officer Arnold Drum meet James Jacques, JJ, my partner in crime, so to speak,” Megan said as she waved her arm across at JJ.
“No harm, no foul, ok?” JJ said as he extended his hand.
“Please don’t do that again, it makes me look young and stupid,” Arnold whispered to JJ as they shook hands then to everyone in the room, “I’m going back to my post, will there be anyone else coming by to humiliate me?” Officer Drum asked as he backed toward the door to leave.
“This should be it, and hey, thanks for not putting JJ in cuffs and escorting him to the big house,” Megan said as she gave the officer one of her best smiles.
“Yeah, my pleasure,” Officer Drum sarcastically said but, he did smile back at Megan.
“Mimi Stroud? What are you doing here? No wait, how did you know Megan would be here?” JJ asked as he realized there were two girls standing beside Megan’s bed where he only expected one.
“You know me too? How is this possible?” Mimi asked the room.
“I well, I don’t know you personally but, I know your face. We, all three of us, got familiar with your ah, your good looks. We actually studied all the residents while we were investigating the cause of Megan’s injury and Mr. Logan’s death. When you moved out shortly after Megan’s near demise, you, John and Clyde became central in our investigation.”  
“Wow that is scary, I had no idea I was of interest until Megan and Christine told me so a couple days ago.”
“Ok, I’ll ask again. What are you doing here and how did you know Megan was here?”
“I was there,” Mimi shyly whispered.
“Excuse me, you were where?
“Where? I was there, I saw her almost get hit by that speeding vehicle, that, that white van with no driver,” Mimi said with a little more volume and self confidence as she pointed in Megan’s direction.
JJ’s face went a little on the red side as he spoke, “you were there, you best not be a part of this plot against my friend or, so help me, there won’t be enough of you left to cremate.”
Tears welled in Mimi’s eyes as she spoke, “I had no part in any of this. I made a mistake in choosing where to live but I’m not the bad guy. I’m came here just trying to help.”
“Ok, if that’s true, what were you doing there when the van tried to run Megan down?”
“I live there right now.”
“You live in one of those apartments?
“No, no, I live on the street right across from there, in the alley.”
“In the alley, of course you do. I followed you there after you met Megan and Christine at that restaurant. I’m sorry, I forgot and of course you would be there, it’s where you live and you were home.” JJ, somewhat calming down, thought for a moment then asked, “do you think this could be the dirty work of those friends of yours, Clyde and John?”
“I have no way of really knowing. I spent very little time with them, it was just a cheap place to sleep.” Mimi dug in her bag she carried then pulled out a CD case and handed it to JJ. “I took this before I left that apartment. It was theirs and they watched this CD over and over. At first they would be laughing their butts off and cheering, look at it go. I could hear people screaming then when the screaming stopped and things were silent for a while I heard them say, “Why were they even on board? It could have been remote operated and they would have been safe.” Mimi looked JJ in the eyes as she finished, “Them saying that back then did not make any sense, well, not until I saw that van go down that street today with no one on board.”
“Oh crap, excuse me please. Megan, I’m sorry. I should have asked how you were doing before I went on that tirade. How are you and can you forgive me?” JJ said as he went to Megan’s bedside.
“I’m fine, really, just fine. Christine here has been the life raft keeping me afloat. Mimi comes in here and, after totally surprising me, she simply adds to the buoyancy that has lifted my spirits.”
“Stop it, you sound like a rubber raft out on the ocean.”
“Well, for your information Mr. Smarty Pants, life is like an ocean and you best swim, get on a raft or get out of the water for, if you don’t, you might just get to have a parlay with Davy Jones in his locker,” Megan said as she gave Christine a high five.
“I’d like some of the five too,” Mimi put in and slapped five with both the other girls.
“Oh, and about my well being, the doctor said one more time in here and I can start earning frequent flyer miles.”
“Yeah right, well I’m going to try to keep you from earning those miles if I can,” JJ smilingly added as he gave Megan a hug.
“Ok Mimi, what is on this CD?” JJ said as he held it up.
“Oh no, not going to say. You have to watch it and draw your own conclusions. I’m not going to bias you with my opinions on what any of this means.” Mimi said while shaking her head and shaking her index finger at JJ.
“It’s ok JJ, we can watch it at the office. The doctor said that he was completing the paper work to discharge me.” Megan put in.
“You sure? It could wait you know?”
“No, no, I’m getting back on that horse, it’s the only way I can get through this. I’m not going to be sidelined by some murderous S O B’s, not on my watch.”
“Excuse me,” Officer Drum said as he poked his head in the door, “there is a fire chief here that would like to come in.”
“Thanks Arnold, you can let him in,” Megan quickly said.
“Hello Megan.” Chief Graham said as he entered now dressed in his chief’s blues and chief’s hat. “How is my favorite P I doing, oh, ah JJ, no disrespect meant.”
“And non taken, my second best favorite fire chief friend.”
“Stop it you two. I’m ok, getting ready to get out of here. How are you doing and what did you find at the scene?” Megan asked as she gave Chief Graham a hug. “Oh, wait. I believe you already met my Guardian Angel out at the door, Officer Arnold Drum, but let me introduce Christine Panic and Mimi Stroud, this tall good looking fireman is Fire Chief Charles Graham from the 16th Division.”
“So formal an intro, please it’s Chuck, good to meet you,” Chief Graham said as he shook hands with both the girls.
“Christine is my personnel assistant and Mimi is an innocent bystander but is somewhat connected to the attacks on me so feel free to tell all,” Megan explained.
“Well, as I told JJ earlier, and it’s still true, there isn’t much to tell. The fire destroyed everything due to the intensity of the blaze. All glass and anything made out of lite metal was simply melted. The police were collecting the debris as I left but they too held out little hope of anything identifiable.”
They spent a little time catching up on the Chief’s personal life while answering the Chief’s questions on this case. Once they had caught up on things and all the goodbyes and well wishes said, everyone cleared out, except Megan and JJ. The doctor, true to his word, came back shortly and cleared Megan for release leaving JJ to escort her out of the hospital.

Chapter Twenty Three

Attack Video

With as much bravado as she could muster Megan made it back to the office and, although she was still a little pale, she took her seat in the conference room. Christine headed to the kitchen to fix some coffee. She made the coffee a little stronger by selecting the smaller cup from the Keurig single cup coffee machine. Less water stronger coffee.
Megan, now sipping the hot brew Christine provided, watched as JJ prepared the CD player with the CD that Mimi had given him. She tried her best to stop the thoughts she was having of what could possibly be on that CD.
The first thing they saw was people on the street of some unknown city. They were screaming and running as if chased by some type Japanese Godzilla monster. They could tell it wasn’t some Hollywood production, it was probably a cell phone video. The view swung to the left and they got the first look at the monster that was causing the panic.
A large brown van was racing down the street swinging from left to right, going randomly onto both sidewalks and running over pedestrians who were unable to avoid the speeding goliath. This went on for a hundred yards or more before the large van suddenly ran into a lamp post that was sturdier than the normal. The rear of the vehicle lifted on impact then settled back to the street as momentum stopped. The sound of the engine had, like the people’s screaming, died with the impact. 
Both doors popped open and the driver and passenger, who were on board, scrambled out and started running. The crowd slowly realized the van had stopped and the threat was evidently over and, unfortunately for those two operators, most had seen them exit the vehicle. These surviving pedestrian had now suddenly gone from being someone’s prey to becoming an enraged mob with murder and revenge on their minds. They swarmed the two culprits who hadn’t prepared for this scenario. Both were quickly pummeled to the ground.
The video did not show the individuals now. The only thing visible on the screen now were two separate pods of people gathered around something on the ground. Their backs and the back of their heads was all you could see. The scene was like worker bees as they circled around the edge while building one of the cones in a bee hive. The feet of all those gathered in those pods were moving swiftly, in a kicking motion, toward the center of each pod.
The shuffling of feet and slow rotation of the pods lasted for only a few minutes before they seemed to lose some of their steam and some individuals started moving back from the pod’s center. Soon all had moved away and, in doing so, they exposed what was left of the two operators.
The video camera operator zoomed in on the residue left by the pods and there wasn’t anything there that had any resemblance to something with a human shape.
Christine was softly sobbing as she quietly left the conference room and headed for the laboratory.
Megan sat staring at the now blank screen. Her eyes were no longer focused on anything as she slowly readdressed the last two days. The remote controlled vehicle that attacked her, the CD showing the carnage on that city street and Mimi’s talking about the comments from those two roommates are all just dots that somehow connect to her accident and Mr. Logan’s death. Now her and JJ’s job was to get those dots to line up and help solve this case.
JJ was busy connecting his cell phone with the big screen. He finished and turned to Megan, “you want to see what happened back when you were attacked? I’ve got the video of it all on my cell phone which I have connected to the big screen. I won’t run it until you are comfortable viewing it.”
Christine had just returned and was standing in the doorway when JJ said it. “Wait a minute, wait a minute. You recorded that attack on Megan? I don’t believe this. Why would you do that?”
“It was all I could do. When this happened I was on the third floor watching Megan’s approach. There was no way I could get down there to help her, I could only hope they were just trying to scare her. I made the recording because it was all I could think of to do, it wasn’t perverse or anything it would just be evidence.”
“You’re right, you’re right. I’m a little shook up and not clearly thinking. Sorry JJ, I know you wouldn’t do something like that unless it was all you could do,” Christine said as she returned to her chair and heavily sat down. Their individual thoughts ran a gambit of scenarios as the office was quiet for a moment.
Even with the quiet they hadn’t heard him come in the lobby but when he knocked on the conference room door, that was standing ajar, all three heads swiveled toward him as if connected together on some robotic assembly line.
Megan slowly rose from her chair, “Detective Mercer, can I, er, can we help you?” Megan included JJ and Christine with the sweep of her hand.
“Do you have a few minutes so we can talk?”
“Ok, sure, how about my office? Would you care for some coffee?” Megan, for some reason, felt her face reddening. She felt that her current reaction to his just showing up here was somehow juvenile. “This way, in through there,” she gestured toward her open office door, “have a seat, did you say yes to coffee?”
“No, I didn’t say, but yes, coffee would be great.” Harold Mercer said as he took the offered chair.
“Christine, bring a cup of coffee for Detective Mercer and warm mine up too,” Megan said into the intercom after Christine had responded to the com’s ping.
“Is it always this chilly in here or is it just me?”
“No, it is normally warm and comfortable in here, why do you ask?”
“Ok, I think, oh thanks, I don’t know your name.” Mercer said as Christine handed him the cup of coffee.
“It’s Christine Panic, did you need my social and location during a certain time or something?”
“I don’t, I don’t think so, do I detect some hostility?” Mercer said as Christine turned and left the room.
“She was appraised of our first meetings and she didn’t appreciate the way you responded to our investigation at that time. I’m afraid we all hold a little hostility from then and maybe that makes this room a little chilly for you.”
“Well you should, hold hostility I mean. I am by nature a conceded jerk who knows everything and needs no ones help on anything. I jump to conclusions and sometimes fail to fully investigate as I should but, then again, I resent anyone telling me otherwise.” Mercer held his cup up and said, “I hope she didn’t spit in this.”
“She wouldn’t do that. Wow, well said! You have about summed up our opinion of you, so far that is.”
“The thing is, I want to change. Its not going to be easy but I want to try. DA Jefferies came down on me pretty hard when I screwed up that Roger Jenkins’s murder. My attitude and demeanor toward you and JJ was uncalled for and I acted like a chauvinistic pig in particular while dealing with you. That whole thing was a real low point in my life and it caused me to take a good look at my, so far, brilliant police career.” Mercer said with quite a bit of sarcasm on the brilliant part.
“So, you’re telling me this, why?”
“You can help me change and I’m sure I can help you, in your investigation I mean. I’ve been following it in the news and at headquarters.”
“I’ll tell you what, you give me your personal cell number and I will give this some serious thought. I will also run it by the office here and get their opinion. You’ll hear from me as soon as we make our decision,” Megan said as she stood, “I’ll show you out, oh, do you have a business card that has your personal cell on it?”
He did have one and he gave it to Megan as he was escorted out the building. Megan stood at the open lobby door and watched him leave before she closed it and returned to the conference room to discuss this new development.
Chapter Twenty Four

The Heir, The Lawyer and The P I 

“Ok, let’s deal with the elephant that was in this room a short time ago.” Megan said as all had gathered in the conference room again.
“It wasn’t an elephant, it was an Ass,” JJ put in to the appreciation of Christine.
Megan spent the next few minutes bringing both up to date on what Mercer had asked of them. She added her own opinion by saying, “I thought he was sincere in his wishes to change but, I’m not sure someone can actually make that change just by wanting too.
“I don’t know if I buy it at all.” JJ said.
“There are some things that a police or sheriff detective has access too that we don’t and that access may mean the difference between solving  a crime or not.”
“I guess you’re right but, he could just be out to take credit in case we can prove Mr. Logan’s death and Megan’s fall were the results of some criminal activity.”
“Well, we won’t know the answer to that unless we give him a try,” Megan then asked the question, “any real strong reservation on bringing him in to help?”
There was little objection so Megan told JJ he could run the attack video for them after she called Detective Mercer and had him come back to the office. They would then all watch it together.
JJ took the lull in that case, while waiting for Detective Mercer, to try to find out some info on Mrs. Betsy Myers. He logged onto his computer and typed in the name and then selected one of the Betsy Myers that lived in an area that might possibly migrate to the Shady Elms Rest Home when necessity demanded. There were actually three and after looking at the age of each he determined that the elderly one was a better choice than the other two, both being in their mid forties.
First thing he noticed on the details of Betsy Myers life was the date of her birth not followed, as he expected, by the date of her passing. He thought that maybe this wasn’t the right Betsy Myers but he wouldn’t rule it out until she was thoroughly looked at.
JJ typed in PeopleFinder.com to see if he could get a history on this Betsy Myers. When the program came up he typed in her name then selected the block necessary for a full background check and resident history on the Betsy Myers with the Shady Elms address. He paid for the report with the office credit card.
The report was extensive and went back many years. It did list her current address at the Shady Elms Rest Home. The previous address was what JJ was after. It wasn’t as expected being out of state and some distance away. A previous telephone number was listed and after looking up the area code he found that it matched the address given. Nothing to lose he dialed that number just in case the house still belonged to Mrs. Myers and was being lived in by a relative while she was in the rest home.
“Hello,” came from the ear piece when the third ring was answered.
“Hello, this is James Jacques of M&M Investigation. May I ask to whom I’m speaking.”
“I’m sorry, who is this?”
“M&M Investigations looking into the affairs of Mrs. Betsy Myers. Is this a relative of Mrs. Betsy Myers?”
“Well yes, I’m her grand niece, I’m Carla Myers. Actually, I’m her only living relative.”
“Hi Carla. My partner, Megan, and I would like to get together with you as we have some question that you may be able to answer.”
“Answers? I’m not sure I have any current answers. It would be best if you contact her doctor as I haven’t been able to speak with her for some time. I’ve tried but there has always been some minor reason, she’s sleeping, she is having respiratory distress or there’s some kind of treatment she is currently receiving, thereby preventing my contact by phone.”
“I’ve spoken with her doctor, Dr. Charles Helton, is that who you have spoken too also?”
“Dr Helton, yes he is the one. I feel really bad about not getting up there to see her but I am tied to my business here and it has been so demanding I am afraid to take any time away.”
“We really need to see you and get these things settled as it is imperative that this is taken care of as soon as possible,” JJ said.
Carla agreed to their meeting her tomorrow at her office. Anytime would be fine and she will just have to set things aside for the time they need to answer the questions they have.
Once JJ looked up the address that Carla had given him he realized it wasn’t as far as he had expected and he and Megan could make the trip in about 3 hours, not allowing for traffic.
Placing Christine in charge for the day JJ and Megan hit the road early. A quick stop at Starbucks and they were on the way. JJ set the cruise at five miles above the posted speed limit, hoping this would not alert any highway patrols and it should get them there a few minutes sooner than the GPS unit suggested their arrival time would be.
They parked right in front of the office and were met at the door by Carla Myers, who introduced herself to the two P Is.
After they were seated in Carla’s office she spoke, “So, you have some questions about the affairs of my Aunt Betsy?”
JJ took the question after handing her the info and photo he had printed out from that web site, “Is this your Aunt Betsy and could you tell me the last time you actually got to speak to your Aunt at the Shady Elms Rest Home?”
“Yes, that is her, good picture. It has been years since we’ve spoken and I really have little excuse for not visiting, I’m so ashamed of my actions. I love my aunt and it’s not like me to always find a compelling reason for not taking a trip to see her. I have always been assured that she was well taken care of by Dr. Helton.”
“Who takes care of her finances for the stay at Shady Elms Rest Home, if you don’t mind my asking?” Megan asked.
“That was set up by our lawyer and is on an automatic payment plan which keeps the cost at a set rate, thereby, preventing cost of living adjustments.”
“Can you check to see if those payments have been made and that there are no  delinquent payments? Just want to make sure that she is current and up to date,” JJ asked.
Carla turned to her computer and after typing a few entries she turned the screen around so JJ could see. The payments were up to date with the last payment deposited electronically in the Shady Elms account earlier this month.
JJ looked at Megan who shrugged her shoulders as if she was giving the go ahead and tell her. “We hope we are wrong but we have some info that leads us to believe your Aunt Betsy Myers passed away some years ago and wasn’t reported by the good doctor at Shady Elms for some unknown reason. This is the answer we need to clear up as soon as possible.”
“I don’t know what to say. Is this true? Why would anyone do that?” Carla was up out of her chair pacing behind her desk, her eyes had filled with tears almost to overflowing. “How can we prove this or disprove this would be better? Are you sure?”
“Well, no we aren’t sure. We think the best way is to go see your aunt at her place of residents. Do you think you and your lawyer could go with us back to the Shady Elms to have a look see and set the record straight either way,” Megan asked.
Carla was on the phone for some time before she turned back to Megan and JJ as she hung up. “We, my lawyer and I with the necessary paperwork, will meet you tomorrow at your office around 10 am. We need this time to get things together because, if you are right, they aren’t going to just open the doors to us without some proof of who we are.”
Megan gave Carla her business card. Carla shook hands with both the P I’s with a, “See you tomorrow,” as they left.
On the way home Megan called Detective Mercer and filled him in on the Shady Elms investigation and asked if he would accompany them in his official law officer capacity. He assured her that he would do that and would meet them at their office around 10 am tomorrow morning. 
Chapter Twenty Five

Robin Hood Conspiracy 

It took a little time for JJ to bring everyone up to speed on the results he would like. He was hoping to make sure that Shady Elms did not get closed down and that his client, Joe Johnson, wasn’t out of a job. As far as he could tell the residents were the priority at Shady Elms and they were treated well by a caring staff. With this in mind he, and now Carla, just wanted to know the status of her Aunt Betsy Myers.
Once Ms Sarah Ames notified Dr. Helton that M&M Investigation was there again, this time with a party that included a lawyer, a policeman, a relative and the two P I’s he humbly responded and showed all into his office.
“First thing, this whole thing is on me. I alone did it and I lied to you, Ms Carla, about the status of your aunt,” Dr. Helton took his seat behind his desk and continued, “I’m sorry is all I can offer.”
“That’s not all I need, I need to know about my aunt,” Carla said.
“Your aunt was a really great person and she did not deserve to die like she did but it was just a careless accident by a caretaker. It was a critical time for care facilities around here and I was afraid we would be shut down and we wouldn’t be allowed to care for these folks that needed us,” Helton supplied.
“A critical time? I don’t understand, something more important, the death of one of your residents would seem to be the most critical item?” JJ asked.
“One of the care facilities in a nearby town was shut down due a similar situation and it was all over the news. All the facilities were scrambling to protect themselves and then your aunt dies when a caregiver let a gurney tip over while she was being taken to the clinic for a routine checkup.” Helton stood and began to pace in the small space behind his desk, “I let the caregiver go and I took care of your aunt. I signed the death certificate but didn’t do the other paperwork or the reporting I should have done and this is where we are now.”
“It seems you didn’t stop the monthly financial allowance coming from Mrs. Myers account either.” Carla’s lawyer put in.
“Yeah, how about that? I have no excuse for that but I did put it to good use supplementing some of our less fortunate residents who are staying here,” Helton explained. “Your aunt had a very nice funeral too, all her friends here attended.”
“You are a regular Robin Hood, taking from the rich and giving to the poor. I’m surprised you haven’t received a Nobel Prize for your thoughtfulness,” Detective Mercer sarcastically added as he left the room already on his phone as he dialed Assistant DA Jefferies to inform her of the malfeasants committed by Dr. Helton.
Megan, JJ, Carla, and Carla’s lawyer all left the room and proceeded out to their waiting vehicles. There was nothing else they could do as the next actions would be taken by the legal system.
Hand shakes and goodbyes were done and said all around. Detective Mercer said he would join them at their office after he had personally briefed the DA.
Once they got back, Megan filled Christine in on the meeting they had with the Shady Elm’s Dr. Helton then she turned to her partner. “Well JJ, you want to change the name of this now closed case or are you satisfied with the one you suggested?”
“You know what?” JJ held up his index finger. “I’m going to wait until I see what legal action DA Jefferies takes and the probable future of Shady Oaks before I consider this one closed.”
“Sounds like a plan. Oh and,”  requested Megan, “Please have that video ready to go when Mercer gets back.”
“You got it boss.” JJ replied as he headed to the conference room.
It took an hour and a half for Mercer to get thing turned over to the D A. Dr. Helton was escorted out without resistance. He wasn’t handcuffed when he left but that might come later after charges are pressed. Cora Anderson was simply in shock when this all took place. Dr. Helton and she were adamant on her role in this affair. She discovered the checks from Social Services, that kicked off this tangled web, but was unaware of the failure of Dr. Helton to follow up on the necessary notification in the untimely death of Mrs. Betsy Myers. 
After a lengthy look at the entire operation and the status and well being of residents, DA Jefferies placed Ms Anderson in charge until upper management got on board and made the selection for a permanent director.
“You guys come up with the absolutely best cases, I am in awe,” Mercer said as he sat down in the conference room, “got popcorn for the movie we are going to see?”
“You wish, the movie is too short for popcorn but the characters deserve a Oscar for their participation,” JJ turned to Megan as she and Christine came in and sat down. “ready?”
“I got the lights,” Christine said as she turned the control to lower the lights for best viewing.
The picture was a little jittery at first then it became much steadier as JJ evidently propped against the window he was filming from. The area was quiet and Megan made her way up the sidewalk in front of the apartment building that paralleled the street. Everyone heard the roar and tire squealing before JJ swung the camera back to the left. The white van was already on its way and gaining speed every foot of travel. All could see it swerve as it turned toward Megan’s side of the street. There was the sound of a large truck horn as the nose of this big green vehicle stuck out across the sidewalk just in time to take a severe blow from the speeding white van.
All could see Megan with her back pressed against the building as she tried to make herself small to avoid the approach of that speeding juggernaut. Her eyes were wide open as the van suddenly pitched into the air turning and spinning as it flew. The doors were pulled open by centrifugal force as the van spun and all could see the drivers area and all were sure no driver was on board. The roll down the street wasn’t filmed as JJ had immediately left his post and headed to where Megan was.
“Holy shit, damn, you are one lucky bug. JJ, I couldn’t see everything I was so entranced on Megan. Would you run it again, if you don’t mind,” Mercer said.
“Go ahead JJ, I was on set when this was filmed so I know how it ended, I’m going for coffee,” Megan said as she rose and left the room.
“That is one tough lady, I would still be under a doctors care probably in a rubber room. The fire escape and now this attack, what the hell is next?” Mercer said as he turned his attention back to the flat screen as the recording started again.
Chapter Twenty Six

The Boys in Blue

“Megan, I’m pretty sure I am wasting my time on this but did you see anything else while you were under attack?” Mercer asked Megan when she returned with coffee for every one.
“Yep, you are wasting your time, I was simply in a panic and thought this might be where I kick the old bucket, so to speak.”
“Well I want to show everyone something that I picked up on the third running of this excellent piece of video evidence. I had JJ stop the video right where he had turned the camera back toward the speeding vehicle,” Mercer said as he approached the large flat screen.
“I turned that way when I heard the engine roar and the squealing tires,” JJ explained.
“I fully understand because that is exactly what I would have done, but look at this. Now from JJ’s angle, on the third floor across the street, he could see just a bit around the corner on that cross street. This would be hidden from Megan point of view. Look over the roof of that speeding van and what do you see, right there,” Detective Mercer put his finger on the screen. “that is another white van sitting there and it looks like there is someone behind the wheel just waiting.” Mercer turned to JJ, “can you zoom in on this spot with your equipment here?”
“Not really, I can change the screen to vertical zoom or all directions zoom, but it isn’t much of a change, just takes some of the picture off the edge of the screen and moves in just a little.” JJ adjusted the screen and it wasn’t much of a change as it didn’t improve the view of the other white van.
“Ok, here is what I want to do. I want to take this video to our lab and let the boys in blue take a look and see if they can improve the picture quality and zoom in on this white van.” The detective looked at each person in the room, one at a time. “Is this ok with you guys, I will take maximum diligence to insure the video is safe. I’ll have them make a copy first so the original isn’t touched.”
All around were in agreement and thought this was the best avenue to take.
“There is something else we want your boys in blue to do if possible. We want to have someone view the street cams in that area and try to track these white vans that have been showing up close to anywhere Megan happens to be located. Maybe we will be able to backtrack them to their lair. Oh and JJ, tell Harold about the bug you found on my car,” Megan said as she gestured at JJ.
“FBI said it was one high tech piece of equipment not readily available to the civilian population. Here are the still pics I took of the unit,” JJ said as he handed his cell phone to Detective Mercer, “I left it in place on her vehicle so the installers wouldn’t know we had found it.
“That was smart, it is best to let them think they have the upper hand,” Mercer said then continued, “send that picture to my cell and maybe I can find out where this little item came from.”
Mercer took the video and left M&M’s office to get started on the detailed analyses of the video and locating the source of the tracking device.
Christine, JJ and Megan each went back to their office or place of business. There would probably be some delay in getting any info back on Mercers investigation so they would try to find another avenue to help them get to these two suspected culprits. 
“M&M Investigation, how may I direct your call?” Christine said when she answered the phone.
“Megan, ah, is this Ms Morgan’s office?”
“You bet it is, who’s calling?”
“This is Shirley Logan.”
“Oh yes, hi Mrs. Logan, I’m Christine Panic, First Impressions here at M&M. Please hang on and I will get Megan on for you.”
“Hey Shirley, how is your day going?”
“Pretty good, thanks for asking Megan.”
“What’s up? You sound like you got something on your mind?”
“I’ve found something, something of Sam’s. It has to do with the activity on the roof. Would you please come and look at it and see if it makes any sense to you?”
“We are on our way. Is your neighbor home? I think his name is Mr. Bailey.
“Yes I believe he is here, he’s retired and seems to always be home as I am.”
“Would you go over and stay with him until we get there? It will only take us a few minutes but I want you to be safe in case someone else is listening in on our phones or something.”
“I’m headed that way right now, see you soon,” Mrs. Logan said as she hung up.
“JJ, we got to get over to Mrs. Logan’s right now, she has something we need to see, hurry,” Megan said as she headed out the door, “Christine, you got the office, call if something comes up.”
“Call Mercer and tell him where we are going. I want him in the area in case that white van happens to show up,” Megan told JJ as she pulled out from the front of her office and headed toward Mrs. Logan’s apartment building.
Chapter Twenty Seven

The Bogie has a Tail

They took Megan’s vehicle on purpose. They hoped that maybe, just maybe with the GPS bug still installed, that white van would show up and give them a chance to have Mercer follow it back to its lair. Megan got out as soon as she got the vehicle parked out front. She went in the building and pushed the elevator button before JJ even got out of the car.
“Come on slow poke, I want to see what she’s got. My head is spinning with possibilities but I can’t nail anything down so I have to wait to find out and that is a real pain.”
“Take it easy Megan, show some dignity, you’re acting like a high school girl who just been invited to the prom by the boy she adores. We are getting there but we need to go step by step because I believe this is very serious.”
“Sorry, you’re right, I’ll get a hold on myself and at least pretend to be dignified.”
“Now, that’s my boss.”
Megan knocked on Mr. Bailey’s door which was answered by Mrs. Logan, “Hey Shirley, how are you today?” Megan asked as she side glanced and nodded at JJ.
“Oh, I’m doing pretty good, anxious to have you relieve me of these items.” Shirley said as she handed Megan a brown paper bag.
“What’s this?” Megan asked as she peeped in the bag.
“Sam’s cell phone and some type drawings that he had folded up and put with the phone in his desk drawer,” Shirley said, “I didn’t know his phone took pictures but I guess, from what I saw, he was well aware of its capabilities.”
“I’m going to take these with me and we will take a look and see what we can find out from them, is that ok with you?”
“Sure Megan, that is exactly what I want. Maybe this will help us find out what was going on up there and why they killed my Sam.”
Megan and JJ thanked Mr. Bailey for the interruption to his normal day. Mr. Bailey held up his hands and said, “No no, thank you. It was a real nice break from the normal and I appreciate it.”
“Well, you are very welcome,” Megan said and gave him her best smile.
The two P I’s escorted Mrs. Logan back to her apartment then agreed and joined her when she requested they have tea before they go. After getting permission, JJ took up a watch from Shirley’s bedroom window that faced the street. He monitored the area in search of that white van.
“Here you go JJ, did you see anything yet?” Mrs. Logan asked as she came into the bedroom and gave JJ his cup of Earl Grey tea that had just a touch of honey.
“Nothing yet but it is still early, I’ll keep watching while you visit with Megan if that is ok?”
Shirley nodded her head and left JJ alone. It was only a few minutes later that he saw a white van pull  up and stop on the cross street just a block away at the end of the street. “Mercer, I believe that bogie has arrived and is parked on the east end of the street in front of the apartment building,” JJ said as soon as Mercer answered his cell.
“Roger that,” Detective Mercer said then clicked off the cell and started his car. He was using his personal vehicle so no exterior marking would alert them of a police presences. He drove his car onto the street the van was on but he stayed a full block back as he pulled into an empty space. He got out of his vehicle and went into the shop on the corner, it just happened to be a donut shop not police mandatory but welcomed anyway. He took a corner table with a view of the street and the van as he sat with an apple fritter and a large coffee.
“I’m in place with bogie in site, I’ll await action by the target.”
“Roger that, we are having tea with our client but will depart shortly, good luck on your quest,” JJ returned to the living room after he hung up with Mercer.
It was a short time later when JJ said, “We think our bogie has been spotted. I suggest we head back to the office and try to be patient while Detective Mercer does his thing, he has the suspected vehicle in sight.”
They said goodbye, got in the car and pulled out from the curb. It was like the white van was keyed to their movement. As soon as they got underway JJ’s cell phone rang.
“The white van is moving,” Mercer said.
“As we expected, we just now left the apartment building. We are headed back to the office to take a look at the items Mrs. Logan gave us, good luck on the tail,” JJ replied.
“10-4,” was the reply then the cell went off.
“It’s going to be a hard wait, I hope he remains unnoticed on his task,” Megan kept a look out the rearview while she drove, just in case the white van followed them and didn’t head back to its lair as they hoped. The trip was boring and there was no indication that they were being followed. Once parked they still took a few moments to survey the area before heading into the office in case they had missed a tail. They would now attempt to do some work as they waited for news. 
Chapter Twenty Eight

Something From Sam

The wait was hard but it wasn’t long, “Megan here,” She said interrupting the first ring of the phone.
“I think I’ve got the location. They drove their vehicle and parked out front of this building then went inside. They didn’t knock or ring a bell, they just went inside so I think they are living or working here.” Mercer’s voice was just a whisper from the cell.
“You are staying clear of that building, right?” Megan asked as in her mind she could see him going in like some gun slinging cowboy straight out of the old west.
“Just doing a perimeter check, not going in, just checking for exits in case we decide to take some action.” The whisper came through clearly then the cell clicked off.
It was fifteen minutes later that the cell phone rang again, “On my way back to the office and we will go through what I’ve found out so far.” Then the cell went quiet.
Megan paced from her office to the front door and back again as she waited. JJ watched her for a few moments but decided not to say anything. He remembered she was the one that had almost lost her life to these people and it had to be difficult for her to just relax and wait. JJ could see Christine at the front desk keeping her head down but her body was tensed with concern for her friend, her boss.
The room actually seemed to brighten when Detective Mercer opened the door and entered. He pointed at the conference room and everyone popped up and headed that way following him in and grabbing their seats as he took one at the end of the table.
“The building is on 14th Street and I’m sure it is one of the buildings you and your friend flew the drone over to check the roof. The problem with that was they had moved their operation to the basement so things wouldn’t be visible from outside. There is a vehicle ramp that leads down under the building, so, whatever they are working on they have vehicle access to and from. If we can somehow get a look down there we might find evidence that they are building remote controlled vehicles and thereby prove that you were attacked by a vehicle with no driver,” Mercer told them.
“Proving that would be a great help, I saw the way they looked at Megan when she suggested the attack van had no driver,” JJ added.
“Mrs. Logan gave me some things in a brown paper bag, hang on I’ll get it and we can examine them,” Megan said as she rose and left the conference room on her way back to her office. She returned and dumped the contents on the conference table and retook her seat. “I’ve been showing some patience and dignity by not looking at these things by myself, I waited so all of us could see at the same time,” she said for JJ’s benefit.
“Wow, an antique flip phone, how quaint,” Christine said as she picked up the small cell phone and compared it to her Samsung Galaxy S8, “I love antiques but not in cell phones, they are so limited. They don’t even have bitmoji’s capabilities.”
“True, but it does take pictures and that is evidently what Mrs. Logan looked at,” Megan turned and gave the phone to JJ, “can you get this to show on the big screen?”
“Give it my best shot.”
As JJ worked with the small cell, Megan took out the paper that Sam Logan had folded up and put away with his cell phone. She unfolded it and spread it out on the table. Megan, Mercer and Christine gathered around and looked at the detailed drawing. The state capital building was in the center with two sets of arrows pointing in from nearby streets toward that building. There were several different arrows pointing out to a couple of other streets, possibly these arrows indicated exit routes. The arrows pointing in were both crossing the location where most protest marchers, outside press conferences and any group of concerned citizens might gather to present their petition or complaint to the governor. In this large paved area vehicles were not permitted under any circumstances.
RCV, was noted in two different places on the drawing. CV was noted on a nearby street and would be hidden from view of the area with the arrows.
“RCV, what does that mean?” Christine asked as she put her finger on the initials.
“I’m guessing but I think, Remote Control Vehicle would certainly fit,” Megan said.
“So that would make CV the Control Vehicle, right,” Christine, without even pausing, said right away.
“Good guess I believe,” Mercer put in.
“Hey, you ready for this?” JJ said as he stepped back from the big screen and hit the remote.
The pictures were of the tables and their contents before they were removed from the roof. On the tables were wiring harnesses laid out in the shape that would fit a vehicle. There were what looked like control units and small cameras at different locations throughout the wiring. It looked like there were three sets of the same thing stretched out on the several tables that ran across the roof. There was also a picture of a rope ladder that hung down from the roof to that fire escape outside the Logan’s apartment. 
“Evidently Sam Logan had made a visit to the roof when the two suspects were away. He gathered this info and took these pictures. I’m pretty sure he had no idea what these men were up too, but I gather, he suspected something illegal forcing them to hide their activity there on the roof.” Megan said as she traced the wiring harness with her finger. “I believe he may have been caught going there again and he paid with his life.”
“I’m thinking it is our turn to monitor their movements now that we know where they are,” JJ said.
“I agree, we can stake that building out and watch where they go and who visits them and maybe when they are all gone we can take a look below,” Mercer slid his hand out and down indicating going into the basement.
All agreed that would be the optimum so they each made sure cell phone cameras were working. JJ and Megan would take JJ’s vehicle and Mercer would be in his own. They would photograph activities that were visible and take photos of any and all visitors to and from that location. Megan’s vehicle would stay at the office so as not to alert them that their lair had been found. Megan and JJ would find two good vantage points so the sides, front and rear of the building would all be monitored. Mercer would stay mobile, watching the basement access, so he could follow any vehicle that left there, including the two suspects that might drive away. Christine was left to hold down the fort back at the office. She would be in contact with all on a four way com setup JJ had arranged. 
Chapter Twenty Nine

Stakeout with no Leprechauns

They all stopped and picked up something to eat in case the day and, possibly the night, got long. Mercer parked a block away while JJ found a parking place one street over so he and Megan could split up a go to where they could monitor all areas of the building. They would alert Mercer of any movement so he could follow said vehicle.
It was quite and boring with no activity making it hard for the watchers. It was reminiscent of the stake out to catch that dwarf burglar that stole the heirloom back in “The Leprechaun at Rainbow’s End Case” some months ago. Megan remembered she reviewed her youth while sitting on that stakeout. She would try not to do that here, it just took too much out of her.
“Got a visitor, got a visitor,” JJ excitedly said to all.
“JJ, remember that, show some dignity, comment of yours, that goes for you too.”
“Ok, ok, I got the message. I’m shooting some pictures of this guy. Grey hair very slim and probably in his fifties if I had to guess.”
“Ok, I see him and he is headed in without knocking. Evidently he either lives here also or he knows these guys really well.” Megan zoomed in with her camera and got some good profiles of the guy before he entered. “Let’s wait and see what happens with this visitor.”
Megan kept her camera ready and exactly a half hour later, to the minute, the man came back out stopping momentarily. He turned and shook hands with the two suspects as they had followed him out to the sidewalk. They were all smiles so whatever they had discussed must have gone as they had expected and hoped. Megan shot multiple photos of all three as they talked. The close ups were clear as day and would make excellent blowups for the murder board. The cars license plate was an easy shot with the cell camera stabilized and the lens on max zoom.
They gave Mercer the make, model and license plate number of the visitor’s vehicle. Mercer promise to follow him and maybe find out who he worked for.
“You ok where you are, can you get comfortable? I think things might be slow for the rest of the night but I don’t want to leave just in case things change,” Megan asked JJ.
“I’m fine, just like being at home. I’ll pretend I’m watching TV instead of a boring building. I’m warm, I got food and drink, so I’m good for the night. How about you?”
“Five-by, A ok, just wonderful. I think we’re watching the same channel, there is a boring building in front of me too.”
Mercer, staying one street over, paralleled the travel of the vehicle that had left the building they were watching. Two streets down Mercer turned and raced down to the street the vehicle was on and then followed staying several cars back. The driver was in no hurry and it was easy to tail him. Several blocks later he turned off 14 street onto J street then three blocks later he parked in front of a four story building. The man entered the facility and was soon out of sight.  Mercer noted the address and the businesses listed on the sign that fronted the structure, then he drove away to return to the area where Megan and JJ were waiting, in case he needed to tail someone else.
The night was unusually quiet and as expected, it was early morning before there was any movement that caused the two P I’s to stir. Both of the suspects came out front slamming the door behind them. They climbed into the white van that was parked out front. Mercer heard the van’s engine come to life but the suspects never put the vehicle in gear, they just both sat there with the engine running. A new and different engine noise came from the building’s basement which brought both tired individuals fully awake. This confused the two P I’s and set both wondering how, they had not seen anyone new enter the building, so who was in the basement starting up a vehicle. The steel garage type door that led to the basement slowly slid to the open position. A new white van with dark tinted windows emerged slowly and then turned left then right onto 14th Street. The van with the two suspects pulled out and followed.
“Mercer, you up and ready?” Megan quickly said into the cell.
“Yeah, I’m up, er, awake, what’s up?”
“Two white vans just left the suspect’s building. One came from the basement and the other, with two suspects now on board, was parked out front and is now following.”
“I can try to follow them but if they split up I will have to choose one, it’s all I can do.”
“Not a problem, you do your best, it’s all anyone can ask,” Megan said then without taking a breath she continued. “JJ, this is our chance to get a look at this building from the inside, you ready?”
“On my way boss,” JJ was too quick in his reply and it sounded like he was already running on his way.
Megan took a quick look at the now closed garage type door, that led to the basement, but decided without the remote there was no way in at this spot. She turned and made her way to the front door where JJ had already opened it. He used his lock picks that he had acquired while attending that locksmith class two summers ago.
“Check this out, these guys are real tech savvy but then they forgot to install a simple alarm system for this place, what  where they thinking?”
“Lucky for us they weren’t thinking or we would now be totally busted. Let’s do this quickly, before someone comes by or someone comes back.”
The living area held no surprises, simple setup for two occupants kitchen included. A quick check through out then they both headed to the basement where they found another similar white van parked. It also had dark tinted windows, impossible to see through from the outside. The bumpers were altered with unusual sharp protrusion in many areas that confused the P I’s. JJ opened the driver side door and it was evident that there was no room for a driver. The driver’s area was filled with electronic gear leaving no room for an occupant. JJ went and looked in the back. There was nothing stored inside except some weights that had been added and welded to the vehicle’s frame.
“I realized now that, yes your attack vehicle’s fire was hot, but that wasn’t what welded those weights to the frame in that van. This added mass would give the vehicle more weight but it wouldn’t help with gas mileage or stopping ability. This ballast would make the vehicle slow to start but hard to stop once moving. I hope they have increased the braking capacity to counteract the extra weight they’ve added,” JJ stated.
“After what I’ve seen, I don’t believe they are concerned with stopping this vehicle at all. They want it to continue through whatever is in its way without stopping. I think that is their plan,” Megan said as she took JJ’s arm and pulled him back toward the stairs that led to the first floor and the front door.
“Mercer, we are out of the building, what’s happening on your watch?”
“Got two vehicles in an empty parking lot, one is just sitting and the other is making some erratic passes around and through parking areas over and over.”
“I think you have yourself one RCV and one CV right there in front of you. We have a similar remote controllable vehicle in the basement here. It has no room for a driver due to the electronic equipment in the driver area,” Megan relayed. “I think it is time to turn this over to the boys in suits and sunglasses, it is way beyond our expertise and capabilities. We will invite them in and see what they think after they view our collection and murder board, anyone have any other ideas?”
It was a consensus so they all headed back to the office to put that plan into effect. Once there Megan made several calls explaining what they thought they had found. Something she said must have hit a sore spot.
It wasn’t long before they were invaded by the FBI in all their, better than thou, attitude. Their questions and manner suggested of wrong doing by the P I’s in their limited investigation. Megan and JJ held their tongues and let them think whatever they wanted as long as they follow through with a full FBI type in depth legal investigation.
Two days later the suspect’s building was surrounded by several different agencies. Deputy sheriffs were standing by and several CHP officers were on board in cars blocking street exits with engines running incase of needed pursuit. The FBI was in front with a bullhorn turned toward the building and they requested action from inside.
The request, “John Strong, Clyde Salworth, this is the FBI, you are surrounded, please come out with your hands raised and placed behind your head,” was loud and echoed off the surrounding buildings.
Chapter Thirty

Bang Bang Pow

JJ, Megan and Mercer were in the background, out of the way, but were glad they were at least allowed to be a witness to the proceedings. They watched with satisfaction as the two suspects exited quietly with hands behind their heads as had been requested. The whole scene lacked any fanfare until the shots rang out and, also like the megaphone, they echoed from building to building. The reverberation of those shots masked the actual location of the shooter or shooters and would cause some time delay in finding their location.
Megan was stunned as she watched. Shortly before the first shot rang out a small red dot had appeared on John Strong’s forehead then his hands were blown away from the back of his head with the sound of that shot. Blood and brain matter splattered on the front door of the building behind him. Clyde Salworth turned and looked at his partner as he crumpled to the sidewalk. He turned back and put one of his hand out as if trying to protect himself. It was to no avail as the bullet from the second shot went through his hand, fragmenting somewhat then still had enough force to penetrate his skull, in and out, blowing his other hand away from the back of his head. Standing for a few seconds, he looked like a kid with large freckles. The blood and matter from his destroyed hand was speckled on his face. The moment passed and he too crumpled to the sidewalk.
Everyone had taken some cover on the first shot and were now waiting any further shooting. It was quite for a while before the P I’s raised up and took a look around. The two suspects lay sprawled on the sidewalk, blood was seeping from each head where the bullets had entered and exited. There was no doubt on the status of the two men. Suddenly a third shot rang out from somewhere but, it was somehow strangely muffled, not loud, unlike the first two shots. It got their attention and they again looked for cover and protection.
A few minutes went by before the FBI agent in charge was signaling and pointing sending agents out to different building behind them to search for the shooter or shooter’s location. It was almost mass confusion with them all running toward different structures in the area.
It was sometime before the shooters location was found. Megan, JJ and Mercer all quietly followed the FBI agent in charge to see what they could attain from that spot. It was not what they expected. The grey haired man of about fifty, the one they had photographed earlier, was seated in a chair with his chin resting on the end of the barrel of a sniper rifle. The top of his head was almost completely gone with some blood and brain matter dripping from the ceiling just above him. The window in front of him was open just enough to allow someone to shoot through. The view was quite good and not too far from the front of the building where the suspects had exited.
Although she agreed that this was actually the location of the shooting, Megan’s thoughts were that this was too clean and too final. This did not provide any answers and now that the two suspects, and this grey headed guy, were dead, there wouldn’t be anyone left to question. She thought that someone is covering their tracks and she was pretty sure this was a staged suicide. She kept her opinion to herself and cautioned the other two to silence as well.
Search of the two suspect’s building and basement and these two vehicles they found, and confiscated, would have, without a shadow of a doubt, been used to run through pedestrians gatherings. They would have caused massive casualties and panic to the point of a major terrorist attack.
It was sometime later and after taking in all the things he had seen, the agent in charge said the words that Megan had feared he would say.
“Well that takes care of that, we got the suspects and we got their boss who was their executioner. This case is now closed, thank God.”
What he said about the actual findings was true but, she felt that this whole thing was something much larger than the three individuals that had died. She also knew she didn’t have an avenue that could take her any further with this case so, she too, to her regret, had to deem it as closed.
The conference room was brightly lit with all present. Detective Mercer had sprung for a dozen, cop favorite, donuts for the crew and Mrs. Shirley Logan, who was invited by Megan. Coffee had been poured and donuts were being consumed and the banter from each held a lot of smiles as they talked.
“Well fellow investigators and Shirley, we have solved, to the best of our ability, another case. I am really proud of all your work and I want to especially thank Shirley here for bringing this to our attention in the first place, and, I want to again thank Detective Harold Mercer for his invaluable assistance with this case. Your input and the work of those boys in blue, you mention, were instrumental in our ability to force the involvement by the government,” Megan lightly clapped her hands and was joined by JJ, Christine and Shirley giving Mercer his deserved praise.
“You guys deserve the applause also, because, without your involvement, we might have had another unwarranted catastrophe on our hands,” Mercer began to clap his hands directing it at the others giving each a round of applause as they all joined in again.
Megan sat at her desk, she had been racking her brain trying to think of a good name for the now closed case. The violence and length of time it took to investigate and close this one made the name more important than ever, well in her mind anyway. She wanted to get this out of the way so she could schedule the close of case party. She felt that she had to have a name or the party wouldn’t be the same. All the other parties celebrated were well named cases. ‘The Leprechaun at Rainbow’s End’, “Getting Hammered in a RV is Murder” were just the best and the parties they produced are still talked about with the fondness of unforgettable memories.
This next party would celebrate two closed cases, the case of ‘Security at the Shady Elms Social’, a JJ special, and this one yet to be named. Megan was going to have to call a meeting with the crew to see if they could help with a proper name. She would give herself one more day to try to at least have something of her own as an input or suggestion that might work, but it didn’t look promising at the present.
Chapter Thirty One

Name Game & Party

She muddled through most of the next day but was still able to solve a case that they had been investigating for some time now. The case of ‘The Tagger at the Tiger’s Cage’ where she caught the artist red handed while he was doing another tag, this time at the city zoo, will be added to the party’s list of closed cases. The name for that case just came to her out of the blue and it actually covered the crime. She sure wished she had a really good idea to name the case where she was so badly injured. She had considered the case of ‘Escaping from the Life Ending Fire Escape’ but it wasn’t enough and didn’t cover the whole case. The case of “The Intervention by the Green Monster” which covered the remote vehicle attack that almost killed her and the green waste management vehicle that protected her but, it still didn’t go far enough. How could she put all these ideas together was certainly a mind puzzling dilemma of grand proportions. Maybe the case was too big for only one case name but, she would hate to settle for a list of names that didn’t actually show the length and depth of this case, she wanted one that incased all.
She never called that shop meeting thinking that she had finely had something that might be acceptable to all and show some depth of the case. With some trepidation she scheduled the party and sent out the invitation, well most of them. She personally delivered the one to Jim Blackstone just as he was preparing to hit his seven iron at the most difficult par three on the clubs course. The invite took his mind off the shot he was taking and he missed the green and watched the ball roll into the water that paralleled the green. His thoughts had switched from golf to the dance floor where he could be holding Megan.
“That was unfair, you knew where my mind would go at the mention of your ‘close of case’ parties.” Jim smiled as he said it right after he watched Megan land her ball three feet from the hole. The game would be hers needing only the two short putts left.
“Sorry, it wasn’t my intention to put you off your game,” she laughingly said as she headed toward the final green. She was also looking forward to dancing with Jim and whatever came after the dancing.
The three banners that listed the closed cases were hung above the dance floor. ‘The Attack Robot, The Green Monster and the Deadly Fire Escape’ was the name she had finally decided on. That banner was a little larger than the others but she hoped the ambiguous name would cover that entire case and cause a lot of questions and conversations on its meaning.
The, ‘The Tagger at the Tiger’s Cage’, banner was pretty clear and self explanatory but the, ‘Security at the Shady Elms Social’, should also cause many questions as it too was unclear in its meaning.
The way they were hung, the design of the letters, and their gently being blown around by the air handlers,  made them look like they were right out of Hogwarts invitational dance in the main Wizarding Hall. Harry Potter readers might just hesitate on entering while they scanned the room in search of that magical boy and his friends.
A couple days ago JJ went out and found Mimi who was back living in that alley. He promised to help her find a worthy job so she could be self sufficient and get off the street if she wanted. All she had to do in return was to come to The Close of Case Party. He told her she was a major factor in the solving of the case and deserved something for her help. She promised she would try to attend. Unknown to Mimi, JJ already had contacts who had openings so maybe Mimi could have a part in the choice of the job she would prefer.
Mimi showing up looking fresh and bright was icing on the cake so JJ took her hand and led her to the dance floor. He welcomed her and thanked her for coming as they moved to the band’s slow instrumental music. After the dance they headed to the bar for some refreshments.
The band had just finished playing ‘The Midnight Train to Georgia’ when Megan and Jim entered. There was a sudden cessation of movement and talking as all turned toward the entrance. The applause that broke out was thunderous and almost shook the room. Jim stepped back and let Megan take a bow. Megan then went and drug JJ, Christine, Detective Mercer, Mimi Stroud and Mrs. Shirley Logan out into the center of the room. She made them line up and they all took a bow together to the appreciation of all gathered.
The party went late into the morning hours and all stayed late except Mrs. Logan who had come with her neighbor, Mr. Bailey. They were tired and decided to leave a little early. There were hugs all around and thanks for restoring the good name of Mr. Sam Logan. Before leaving, Mrs. Logan shyly whispered to Megan that just a week ago the insurance company had presented her with the remaining balance on Mr. Logan’s life insurance policy. She had waited for this moment to present a check to M&M Investigation, with a sizeable bonus, for their actions in the restoration of Sam’s name.
Megan gave her another big hug and said, “Actually the government should be giving you a bonus for your actions. What you did, by not accepting the police’s decision on suicide, prevented a possible catastrophe in the making. You have my number if you ever need anything. I hope you have had a good night and I wish you a good life, Sam would be very proud of you.”
Later as Jim and Megan left for his place she said, “I actually think my wounds are now fully healed. The wait has been long as the injuries were severe. The waiting to heal was aided by the closing of this case. My life could now began to get fully back on track and with your help tonight, it will.”
“I’ll be glad to do my part,” Jim said as he kind of hurried Megan along as they entered his place.     

Chapter Thirty Two

Wrapping Things Up

Even with the long weekend, that included the holiday, Tuesday morning came way too soon. As Megan entered the office, Christine was already at her desk intent on her computer monitor.
Megan broke her concentration as she said, “Good Morning Christine,” then she pointed at the monitor, “what’s got your attention?”
“Sorry boss, didn’t hear you come in, replaying the news bit about the FBI and the murder of those two suspects.”
“Something new on that?”
“One little thing,” Christine pointed at the computer monitor, “that FBI Agent in the interview,” then she pointed at Megan’s office door, “he’s waiting for you in your office. I hope that’s okay?”
“Well, that is new and it is okay that he is waiting in my office.”
Megan opened the door and went in, “Oh, good morning, I’m Megan Ann Morgan and you are?”
The young agent, sitting in the chair in front of Megan’s desk, jumped to his feet and said, “Oliver Simms, I was the one with the megaphone at that fiasco where the two suspects got shot. I’m sorry I didn’t take the time to introduce myself at the scene but I was a little bit overwhelmed from the start. I’m a rookie and shouldn’t have been in charge, should have only been assisting. The veteran agent, who was supposed to be there, was called to a different crime leaving me with that resulting mess.”
Megan shook the young agent’s hand and then headed around her desk and took a seat. “Well, I didn’t see you do anything wrong. You had the place covered and the suspects responded to your request. The shooting that followed was not your fault as no one expected something like that to go down,” Megan insisted. 
“That’s what my boss said but, I still feel like I missed something,” Agent Simms said.
“Okay So, what brings you out to my neck of the woods, are you looking for absolution or just slumming?” Megan said but added a disarming smile with her words.
“Both, well no I’m not slumming but I did need your input to close the case.
“Before we go on,” Megan interrupted “We want to thank you for letting us at least be in the background on that operation, some agents would not have done that.”
“I felt I had to, you and your people were the reason we were there. I can only imagine the number of casualties your intervention may have prevented. I just wish we had some clue as to where to go from here.”
“What about the background on the shooter, if indeed, he was actually the shooter and not a murder victim himself?” Megan asked.
“Nothing outstanding as he had no criminal record. He was married with kids, had a job as a curator and that’s it. We can’t find any link to the other two victims or anyone else for that matter,” Oliver shook his head, “dead end I’m afraid unless you have something that we don’t?”
“Don’t I wish? I feel this case we busted has far reaching threads and we only severed the ones we could see that were right here. Look, I’m going to get Christine to give you a copy of our case file on this one, maybe you will see something we missed.” Megan held up her hand requesting a moment as she pushed the intercom button, “Christine, make a copy of our investigation for Agent Simms and he will pick it up when he leaves.” 
“I appreciate that and I will go through it with a fine tooth comb. If I don’t find anything I might have to close this case as it is but, even closed, I am going to keep my eye on things in case something similar comes across my desk,” Oliver Simms said as he got up ready to leave.
Megan came around her desk and shook hands with the young agent again. “If I had known your name or had your cell number I would have invited you to the end of case party we threw the other night.”
“My loss, someone told me this morning about your parties and  knowing I was that close to attending one won’t soon be forgotten.”
“You give me your card and, when the next one happens, you will be first on my list of who gets an invite.”
Oliver led Megan out of her office as he handed her his card and said, “You have a friend in the FBI and if you ever need anything please call me.” Christine made eye contact with Simms and held it as long as possible then handed a copy of their case file to him. He gave both the ladies a small wave as he was leaving the office. 
JJ had been listening out of sight until the agent left then he walked up behind the girls and said, “That is a plus plus, a friend in the FBI. You are one clever witch and your young apprentice here,” JJ indicated Christine, “seems to be learning the ropes. I swear Megan, you could put a spell on a dead man and probably bring him back to life.”
“Aw, he was easy, just a little wave of my wand and I had him under my spell.”     

Characters in the book:

Megan Ann Morgan, Co-owner M&M Investigation
James Jacques, JJ, Co-owner M&M Investigation
Reldon B. Gladley: Lawyer in Marysville
Paul Haley, Ranch owner
Sophia Haley, Ranch owner
Sam Logan, Suicide/Murder Victim Megan's Case
Shirley Logan, Wife of deceased
Jim Blackstone (Works in DMV, a friend of Megan's)
Mr. Bailey, Shirley Logan’s across the hall neighbor.
Pete Miller, Logan’s apartment manager.  
Christine Panic, M&M Investigation’s First Impressions, front desk.
Dr. Jan Su Yang, Yuba-Sutter County Coroner.
Patricia Young, Dr. Yang’s Secretary.
Joe Johnson, Gardener at local rest home
Ms Sara Ames, Receptionist at Shady Elms rest home.
Charles Helton, Director of Shady Elms
Cora Anderson, Assistant director at Shady Elms 
John Strong, one of the bad guys
Clyde Salworth, the other bad guy
Mimi Stroud, innocent but lived with the bad guys at the apartment
Margaret (Maggie) Keenan, truck driver gave Mimi a ride when she ran away.
Darrel Simmons, JJ’s friend who flew drones.
Betsy Myers deceased still receiving social security checks at Shady Elms
Colleen Jimenez, trace evidence technician, Megan friend.
Jack Coggins, Manager of Lube and Things, previous client of Megan’s.
George Wilson, driver for waste management and Megan’s hero.
Fire Chief Charles Graham, Investigating Robot Van fire
Officer Arnold Drum, posted outside Megan’s hospital room.
Detective Harold Mercer, Yuba County Sherriff’s office.
Oliver Simms, FBI Agent in charge of investigation of Robot Vehicles
You've finished. Before you go...
Tweet/share that you finished this book
Rate and please review:  
Customers who read this book also read: 
Other Books by This Author
“Moon Trip”: The original discovery of the Facility on Smashwords.com
“Co-Or” Scott Standard and his sidekick travel the universe fixing problems on Smashwords.com.
“I’m Not the Man I Was”  a time travel novel available on Smashwords.com
“The Facility” The crew ten years after the “Moon Trip” story on Smashwords.com.
“Accurate Visions” Alien artifact gives visions of future numbers on Smashwords.com
“There First Murder Case” an M&M Investigation novel on Smashwords.com.
“A Path Not Chosen”  A grandfather’s quest to get his life back on Smashwords.com.
Watch for other books by this author as they will appear shortly on Smashwords.com.

