




Want
A Deja Brew Novel

By
Reagan McDaniels
A Smashword’s Edition


Other Titles by Reagan McDaniels

Deja Brew Series
Want
Need
Yearn

Deja Brew Novella
Kissing Nelson

Lone Star Honeys Roller Derby
Red Hot Mama
Hit It & Quit It
Southern Belle Exposure
Hot Cross Buns
Dark & Dirty

Coming Soon
Lavender Mess – Roller Derby
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. These are characters in a book of fiction and are not based on any actual person or event. Any similarities between any events or persons alive is simply a coincidence.

eBook:
Want ISBN 9780463621271
Published by Smashwords, Inc.




Dedication Page
This book is dedicated to my children. All of them. Near and far. But most especially to my two strong and gorgeous daughters. One is always up for a challenge, and I love that about her. The other, a couch potato who loves to watch YouTube and not much else. Honestly without either of them I would never have completed a SINGLE BOOK!!! 
The pain, the crying, the sobbing, the tears, the amount of coffee and tea I drank, not to mention watching Psyche (yes, the entire series!) I think I drove my kids up the wall more than they did me, especially during quarantine!

I love you!



Dear Reader

Want
Table of Contents
Want Title Page
 Oliver – 11 Years Ago
Sage – 7 Years Ago
Oliver – 3 Years Ago
Chapter 1: Sage
Chapter 2: Oliver
Chapter 3: Sage
Chapter 4: Oliver
Chapter 5: Sage
Chapter 6: Oliver
Chapter 7: Sage
Chapter 8: Oliver
Chapter 9: Sage
Chapter 10: Oliver
Chapter 11: Sage
Chapter 12: Oliver
Chapter 13: Sage
Chapter 14: Oliver
Chapter 15: Sage
Chapter 16: Oliver
Chapter 17: Sage
Chapter 18: Oliver
Chapter 19: Sage
Chapter 20: Oliver
Chapter 21: Sage
Chapter 22: Oliver
Chapter 23: Sage
Chapter 24: Oliver
Chapter 25: Sage
Epilogue – Oliver
Oliver’s Letter to Sage

Need Sneak Peek
Red Hot Mama Sneak Peek

About the Author
Dear Reader,

Where do I start? Well, this is my absolute first ever book. I have spent years with little tidbits of books roaming around in my head, never to write them down. Then suddenly, I just started writing. I am amazed with what I have accomplished, as I have never done anything to this extent before. 
Want came out of a sense of me wanting someone who I could care for also be my best friend. Oliver fits that perfectly. He has a great job, knows how to have fun, and of course take sexual risks (sex in a car in a park anyone?). And his partner in crime Sage is someone who I have always wanted to be but never saw myself in. She’s smart, strong, and loves so much. 
I’m sure most of us see a little of ourselves in every character we read about. None of us are perfect, we’re just…us, and that’s a beautiful thing.
Now let’s see if Oliver can pull his head out of his ass and get the girl!!!

Reagan




Want
A Deja Brew Novel






Oliver

11 years ago



“Hey Sage, your brother home?” I ask as I walk up the porch steps to the Marin house. I come here frequently, as it’s like a second or third home to me, considering one of my best friends, Basil “Mary” Marin, lives here with his younger sister Sage. My other friend, Jake Williams, lives just down the road. At any point you can find all three of us at one of our homes, we’re that close. 
Of course, it helps that our parents are friends as well. Why you ask? I’ll tell you why. They each had two children, a boy and a girl, two years apart. The boys were all born within 6 months of each other, and the girls within 3 months. And yes, my sister Becca is one of Mary’s sister Sage’s best friends. Together with Noelle, Jake’s sister, they’re hell on wheels. At 14 years old, can you imagine the drama those three get into together. I won’t go any further, but it’s scary.
I had noticed Sage on the patio swing when I walked up, her legs drawn up with her arms around them and her face turned away from the road. At my question, she just swings her hand in the direction of the front door, saying nothing. I know there’s something wrong now. Sage has always been one to talk to me. Even when we were younger and I would chase her around, pulling her hair and everything, she would still talk to me. And when she and Becca got into baking, I made sure I was around. Not because of Sage, who can bake, but Becca’s baking is awesome. Talking to Sage Marin is a perk is all.
Looking through the front window really quick, I decide I have time and take a seat next to Sage. I got a couple of minutes before I need to pick Mary up to head to Jake’s anyways. As I sit next to her, I set the swing to rocking and keeping it going with my foot.
“What happened?” 
No response.
“Sage, you know it’s better to talk about it.”
She buries her face deeper into her crossed arms.
I sling my arm along the back of the swing and start playing with her dark hair. It’s long, normally hanging freely to her lower back in curls, but today it’s in one long rope of a braid over her shoulder. Grabbing the braid, I use the end to trace a trail along her cheek and neck, causing her to slap my hand away and glare at me with her steel blue eyes before turning her head back away. Continuing to play with the braid, I notice the scent of cherries. Sage smells like cherries. Huh, I’ve never noticed that before.
Leaning into her, I take a deep breath, inhaling her scent, and my sixteen-year-old body starts to respond. That’s been happening to me a lot more, especially now that I finally lost my virginity to Missy Rogers a couple months ago at her house when she should have been babysitting her little brother. Since then we’ve gotten together a couple more times, but I have a fascination with Sage, always have. Like they both have long dark hair, and a tall, slender build. 
But Sage, I can’t put my finger on it. If she’s near, I know it, almost like I’m in tune with her. Don’t even get me start on what happens when we’re at school! And my body is reacting to having her this close now, and she’s only 14! I swear a light breeze would get me hard at this point. 
I tug on her hair, and finally get her to turn toward me, allowing me to see her tearstained face. Ah fuck, what happened? “Sage, is everything ok? Your family…”
Sage’s blue eyes widen, and she immediately says “No! They’re fine. Just go inside and leave me alone.”
Frowning, because I know better, I ask, “Where’s Bobby at?”
“Bobby who?” 
Well this can’t be good. “Your boyfriend, that little prick Bobby that none of us likes, including your friends, but we put up with him for you.”
“I don’t have a boyfriend,” Sage mumbles forlornly. When I continue to stare at her, she looks away again, but says, “Bobby left after dumping me ok!” And she pushes her face into her crossed arms again.
Damn it, where’s Mary when you need him. “Uh, Sage? It’s not a big deal. Did he say why he dumped you? Not that it matters, because you’re a great person, inside and out.”
“Blah, blah, blah, yeah, his loss, whatever. Boys are assholes. Next thing you’ll say is that there are other fish in the sea or some such crap,” and there’s smartass Sage making an appearance.
“Well, I would hope that I don’t fall into that same category. I’ve been nothing but nice to you always…,” even when I chased her around one of our yards or around the playground in elementary, “I was even nice enough to pull your hair when we were younger!!” I say to try and lighten the moment, making sure I tug on her braid to make sure I get my point across.
“Well, he dumped me because I didn’t want to kiss him. I didn’t want to kiss him, Oliver!”
“Ok, ok. So, he tried to push you further then you were ready to go. Good riddance I say!” I feel relief and I’m pretty sure it shows on my face, but deep down I’m already planning to kick his ass, because no one, absolutely no one, messes with Sage like that. 
I’m glad that Sage stood up for herself. She’s always been confident and knows what she wants. That confidence is a turn on for me suddenly, and I feel my cock harden even more. I move around a bit to hide the evidence tenting my shorts, but it doesn’t change anything.
“Oliver? What if there’s someone I do want to kiss me, but I don’t know how to bring it up?” Sage is back to looking at me with her big blue eyes, and her eyes have dilated leaving a slight blue rim around her dark pupils.
“Well, um, maybe just say something?” I focus on my fingers that are playing with her braid, tense because I don’t like the thought of her kissing some guy, any guy.
“But how?” Suddenly Sage turns to sit sideways on the swing so that she’s facing me. Her braid falls over her shoulder and curls around the curve of her breast, drawing my eyes downward, and blood rushes to my cock. Holy shit when did she get those?!? Mary is so gonna kill me for looking at his sister! They could fit in my hand, the perfect size. God, my dick is killing me right now.
Looking away quickly, I say, “Just look him in the eye and tell him you want to kiss him or something. I don’t know Sage!!! Aren’t you too young?!” I’m desperate to refocus my thoughts away from anything remotely sexual, even something as small as kissing. I also don’t want to imagine her kissing some guy. I can feel jealousy start to take over, which is new, because I’m never jealous. But then to be possessive of Sage? That’s not new, but the feeling is deeper, and I suddenly realize that I want to kiss her.
Looking at her pouting lips, my eyes trace over her face, looking at her for the first time in a long time. Sage has always been tall and thin. She’s athletic, on the soccer and swim team. Her long dark hair has curls too, looser versions than the tight ones her brother Mary has. Her eyes are blue with a dark brown outer ring. But her body has developed, and it takes all kinds of will power to change the direction of my thoughts when Sage interrupts them herself.
Taking a deep breath, Sage puts her hand on my leg closest to her, leans close and catches looks me in the eye. “Oliver? Will you kiss me?” And she licks her lips to moisten them, her small tongue darting out, turning me on even more. I know Sage isn’t trying to turn me on, but she definitely has my attention. 
Keeping my groan to myself, because at this point in time, I would like to do a hell of a lot more than kiss her, I scoot as far away from her on the swing as I can, which isn’t really that far. “Uh, I don’t think Mary would like that. Hell, you know Mary would beat the shit out of anyone who touched his little sister!” I’m panicking because I know I want to kiss her, and I need to turn everything around as quick as possible, preferably without hurting her. 
“I figured you wouldn’t. So, what you said didn’t work. I can’t just ask the guy that I want to kiss me to actually kiss me.” 
“I didn’t say that. I’m sure kissing you would be great, but there are other people we need to think about here!” Wait. Sage wants me to kiss her?
“Sure, whatever Oliver. I get it. Thanks for whatever support this just was,” and she gets up to walk into the house and away from me. 
Grabbing her hand before she’s out of my reach, she turns and looks at me with a question in her eyes. She’s tall, but I’m taller, even sitting, so Sage doesn’t have to lower her blue eyes that much to meet my green ones. I run my other hand through my hair before I take a deep breath, coming to a decision. “If I do this, you cannot tell anyone ok? I don’t want your brother coming after me alright?” 
“I don’t want a pity kiss Oliver. I just want to be kissed. Is it really that big a deal?”
“Yes, to me it is. And this doesn’t mean we’re boyfriend-girlfriend or anything like that alright?” Why does that feel wrong to say?
“Fine, yes, I get it Oliver. It doesn’t mean anything to you.”
Sage really has no clue. Standing up, I pull Sage closer to me. “I didn’t say that. I just want to keep this between us.” She’s still young and doesn’t realize this could ruin our whole dynamic, and I need to keep that in mind.
I pull her closer until we’re chest to chest. Leaning down, my hands cup her face and tilt her mouth toward mine, and my lips gently touch hers. I feel a hot jolt of electricity travel through my body. Man, her lips are so soft and plump that I can’t help but nibble on them a little. We just stand there kissing like that for a bit, and when her mouth finally opens a little, I slide my tongue in against hers with a groan. 
Her arms slide around my shoulders, pushing her breasts against me, and my hands wrap around her waist to reach down and cup her ass, pulling her to me. I know she can feel my hard cock against her, but I can’t help it and grind against her. What she’s wearing doesn’t help. A pair of shorts overalls with a crop top underneath, leaving a lot of skin showing. 
I raise my head, my lips wanting to be back on hers almost immediately and open my eyes. Her lips are plump and red from our kiss and her breath is coming in shallow pants. When her eyes open and land on mine with her lips parted, I dive in for a second, rougher kiss, squeezing her ass with one hand as my other hand roams around inside her overalls, sliding to the smooth skin underneath. Her hands go to my head, grabbing my hair and pulling me closer. Our tongues meet, and I tilt my head so I can take the kiss deeper. 
Has she really never kissed anyone? 
My hand under her overalls slides up, playing with the edge of her crop top, my thumb underneath the shirt, damn near touching her breast, enough to know that she is definitely not wearing a bra. The other hand at her ass has a couple fingers on her ass skin to skin as they pass the edge of her overalls. Her arms around my shoulders are pulling me closer, and she’s thrusting her small breasts against mine. Oh God, this is so hot.
The kiss goes on for I don’t know how long before I pull back and drag my lips down her neck. “Oliver…” Sage says, breathing in short pants, dragging me back to reality.
I jerk my head away from her and look at her. One of my hands is now completely on her ass, and the other is sliding along her back and sides under her shirt, playing around the underside of her breast. She has one of her hands under my shirt on my chest, and I know she can feel how hard my heart is beating. I just want to lay her down and climb on top of her and slide deep inside of her. Looking at the swing, I give serious thought to laying her down on it and covering her body with mine, just for the feeling, when I hear a noise from inside her house.
Before I think about it, I push her away and sit down on the swing, like nothing happened. I swear I see a flash of hurt course through Sage’s eyes, but before she can say anything, her brother comes out. 
“Dude, I’ve been waiting for you for like 15 minutes! Did you not get my texts?”
“Sorry Mary, I left my phone in the car. Saw Sage here and figured I would tease her like I used to for old time’s sake.”
“Well let’s go. Jake’s waiting for us,” and with that Mary walks to my jeep parked on the street and jumps in the front seat as Sage and I watch.
I’m proud of that car, a red jeep that I can go mudding in with the guys. With the summer warmth, I have taken the roof and windows off leaving it open to the wind. The guys and I plan to go roam around a bit before heading to the park to play a quick game with some other guys. Later on tonight, all three of us are meeting dates for a quick movie. Normally we would blow of the movie and choose to do other things, but looking over at Sage, I realize I don’t even want to go on the date anymore. Hell, I don’t want to leave. 
“I’ll be there in a sec,” I call as I run my hands through my hair and look at my jeep. Then I return my attention back to Sage. Sighing, I shove my hands through my hair. “Sage…”
“I get it Oliver. No one has to know,” she interrupts before turning to head inside.
Walking to her, I stop her with a hand clasping hers. I lean close and kiss her on the cheek. “You’re a great chick. I don’t want something as simple as a kiss to lose you in my life. We can still be friends, right?”
“We haven’t been friends in forever Oliver if we ever were. What’s different? Nothing. We still won’t be friends. You’ll continue to be bff’s with my brother and I’ll see you around is all. No, we definitely won’t be friends.” With that final statement, Sage walks into the house, never looking back at me. 
I watch as Sage disappears into the house before heading to my jeep. Mary is hanging out the door, hitting the side of it, “Come on Ollie! Let’s go!!! Jake’s waiting! Game and dates, I know the girls are excited to see us tonight!” 
More like they’re excited to see him. Mary is quarterback of the football team, I’m a wide receiver, and Jake is a defensive lineman. Where I know I’m good looking, I’m not starting quarterback in my junior year like Mary is. I have no doubt that the girls would be happy if he showed up by himself. Everyone wants a piece of Mary. Add in his looks that are eerily similar to Sage’s, and it’s like he’s a teen heartthrob. But that’s the least of my worries right now.
Looking back at the house, I walk around the front of the jeep, and when I get in, I look at Mary. “Have you noticed anything different about Sage?” I put my sunglasses on and keep my face turned away from him as I start driving.
“Besides the fact that her asshole boyfriend dumped her? No, she’s still a pain in my ass. She wants me to bake with her tomorrow,” Mary says with a shudder. 
“Sage still bakes? I didn’t know that.” As I drive, I’m rubbing my lower lip between my fingers thinking while at the same time remembering the feeling of Sage’s lips beneath mine. I swear I can still taste her. 
“Yeah, she does. Getting creative. But I hate doing it personally. I would avoid it if I could, but she wore me down.”
A memory overtakes me suddenly, and I share it with Mary. “Remember when our sisters got together to do that emoji cake deal? Or the Unicorn Cake? Then they dragged us in to taste and judge their cakes??? Sage was good, but damn, Becca knocked it out of the ballpark!” Referring to my sister, who is also one of Sage’s best friends next to Noelle Williams, Jake’s sister. 
“Oh man! And Noelle’s cake? Didn’t she put salt instead of sugar? Ended up crying when we teased her and Sage and Becca turned on us? Jake found out, and he wanted to kick our asses!” Mary is laughing hard with the memories along with me.
An idea pops into my head, allowing me to get back in Sage’s life, because I know for a fact that I’m not ready to let her go. “How about I come by tomorrow? I’ll bake with her, and you can chill out? Play video games or some shit?” 
Jake looks at me like he’s assessing me. “Why would you willingly do that?”
“Your sister needs more friends, more guy friends, than your sorry ass to help steer her in the right direction. Especially if she ends up dating a loser like Bobby Numbnuts. God knows my sister won’t help her and is just as flighty in life as anyone I know.”
“Makes sense. We can get Jake to come over, and I know Noelle and Becca will probably want to come.”
“I would ask if your parents would be mad about this but judging from how my mom acted last weekend when everyone landed at our house, they’ll be in seventh heaven.”
“Yeah, our parents need to get a life I think sometimes.”
“Yeah. So, we’ll be there after lunch.”
“Sounds good,” Mary says as I pull up to Jake’s house. Then Mary lets out a low whistle. “Who does Jake have washing his car?”
Looking over I see a nice ass bent over washing the front wheel, and when the body stands up, it’s covered in a little bikini top and short shorts with thick honey blonde hair in a messy bun on the top of her head. “Not sure. Maybe it’s a chick trying to get in his pants?”
“He would have said something. I’m going to check this out,” Jake says jumping out of the jeep and walking toward the girl.
As I watch Mary, my mind starts thinking of ways I can make it clear to Sage that we can still be friends. Because we will be friends, probably even better friends than Mary and me, along with Jake. Sage and I are going to be lifelong friends. She just doesn’t know it yet. She’s always been in my life, and I want to make sure she stays that way. 
“Noelle!? What the hell are you wearing?!” I hear Mary yell.
Yep, this is my life. And it just got turned upside down because of a not so simple kiss.



Sage

7 years ago



“We graduated!!!” Noelle yells in excitement close to mine and Becca’s ears as we hug each other immediately after the ceremony is over. 
We’re smiling and excited when our parents find us. Nothing but smiles, we start to take pictures, multiples of us three together. We’ve remembered how we stood in all our favorite pictures, so we recreate them all, yelling at our parents as they roll their eyes at our antics. Then our brothers show up.
“Where have y’all been?” I ask watching Oliver out of the corner of my eye.
Jake is back for the week from being stationed at Fort Bliss just to see Noelle graduate, and Mary and Oliver are on summer break from college. Out of all three of them though, Jake definitely stands out. Noelle asked him for one thing as a gift, and when she told him, he just laughed and agreed. Hence why all the female eyes are following him in his uniform. Even though I’m not interested, he’s damn hot in uniform. He had joined the Marines after graduating and has been stationed close to home luckily.
Mary’s a star football player at Oklahoma State, making waves and will probably be drafted soon. I hope he finishes college before doing anything like that though. His lean body garners a second look compared to Jake in uniform in his button up blue shirt and khaki slacks. 
Sighing, I finally turn to look at Oliver. In a suit and tie, he looks good. I can’t help it. I’ve been in love with Oliver since I was ten years old. Probably earlier, but for sure ten. It was when Brian Andrews decided to tease me about my braces and Oliver decided to kick his ass while informing Brian that I was, and I quote, “gorgeous no matter what.” 
And of course, there’s the kiss we shared a couple years ago. No other kiss has measured up to that one. Hell, we’ve actually kissed a couple more times since, but they’ve all been quick and fleeting. I would love to experience his kisses again, but Oliver has put himself solidly in friend zone and seems happy with that. Even with our baking dates or whatever he wants to call them, I have tried to have accidents and touched him or bumped into him. All to no avail. It’s like the hottest kiss in the world followed by very little to no follow up. Very sad to say the least.
“How about all six of y’all get together and we get a picture,” my mom says.
Groaning, we follow her directions and stand next to each other, boy girl, boy, girl, boy, girl. Mary is on one end, and Noelle is on the opposite end, leaving me between Mary and Oliver. Looking at Oliver, I smile but when he looks at me, I see him take a deep breath before smiling and putting his arm around me. Standing next to me for the first time in forever, I notice that the top of my head reaches his chin. With his blonde hair and green eyes, he’s everyone’s, ok my, idea of a dreamboat. Being so close to him, I smell his cologne, and God I want to climb all over him. 
As our parents’ finish taking pictures, we all joke around, each of us jumping on our brothers backs or making faces. The guys walk us to turn in our gowns, and I watch Oliver as I take mine off, noticing that he’s watching me under hooded eyes. I’ll admit, I chose this dress on the off chance that he would be here. It’s a little bitty black dress with spaghetti straps. My breasts, as mediocre as they are, are pushed up, making them look fuller. Oh yeah, there go his fingers to his lower lip rubbing it. Yeah, that’s his sign that he’s interested. He always did it when we baked together, but he has a huge sweet tooth, so that’s easily explained. Looking around there are no sweets, so it’s gotta be me. 
“Hey guys, there’s a party at the lake tonight. Want to go with us?” Noelle asks as she faces us. Yeah, her dress isn’t much better. Her petite form is kicking it in a white sleeveless skintight dress with a magenta ribbon under her breasts. 
“I don’t know Noelle, we’re older than the kids that’ll be out there,” Jake says.
“Please, it’s only two years, just come and have fun with us!” Noelle likes to push and get her way.
Becca joins us then. Now she’s rocking a halter dress with a pin up girl style going. She’s voluptuous and hot, but shy. She tends to think she’s overweight, but that’s the furthest thing from the truth. She’s curvy, and I have heard boys discuss that her body provided them with plenty of wet dreams (gross am I right?) “What are we talking about?”
I respond, “Noelle is trying to get the guys to go to the party at the lake.” 
Laughing, Becca says, “That’s a great idea! But first we eat!!!”
Jake groans, knowing he’s going now. “If I’m going you two are going too,” he points at Mary and Oliver. Both of them shrug like whatever before heading out the door with Jake following.
“Girls, let’s have some fun!” Noelle announces as she leads us to our families.



Becca, Noelle, and I are finishing getting ready in my room for the party at the lake and talking about anything and everything. We’re like little girls all over again when we would talk about what we got for Christmas. Only this time it has grown in to talking about boys. I always avoid talking about Oliver and everything that we’ve done. I want to tell Becca and Noelle, but with Oliver being Becca’s brother, I don’t want to make it odd, so I just keep that to myself.
“So, Noelle…you gonna meet up with Ricky?” Becca asks with a smirk on her face.
“Now why would I do that?” Noelle acts the innocent pretty damn well.
Laughing, Becca and I are both looking at her, but I’m the one to speak up, “You’ve been saying you’re gonna give him your virginity on the night of graduation for how long? It was supposed to be Prom, but he got so damn drunk…”
“And he puked all over Dylan, who was pissed beyond belief! Do you remember her face?” I felt for her. Dylan Reynolds had gotten pregnant in high school at the age of 16, but with the help of her parents she was able to stay in school, and here she is graduating. And she makes everything look so good and easy. She’s on the soccer and swim team with me. Honestly, I would hate her if we weren’t such good friends, the bitch.
“Well, we’re going to see how things go tonight. I’m hopeful though!” Then she looks at me, “When are you planning to go all the way?” 
“When I’m ready. Just going to take my time, and when I’m ready, and the time is right I’ll do it,” then I look at Becca. She knows what I’m going to ask before I even ask it.
“You two know I’m saving myself for marriage,” she says as Noelle and I groan and roll our eyes, but we don’t say anything. Honestly, I want to lose my virginity fast. Would I like it to be with the same guy who gave me my first kiss? Sure, but I doubt it’ll happen. Him watching me earlier gives me hope though!
There’s a knock on my door, and it opens to reveal Mary standing there. He doesn’t look at anyone really, except for a glance toward Noelle who’s blushing. Keys in hand, Mary says, “Let’s go, the guys are waiting,” before turning and walking downstairs.
We’re all ready, wearing looser dresses then before with our bathing suits underneath, so we troop downstairs, saying goodbye to my parents before we head out. “Alright who’s going with who?” Jake asks. 
Becca walks to her brother Jake saying, “I know how those other two drive, so I’m going with you.”
Noelle looks at Mary, which is really starting to bother me, because it’s like she’s waiting for him to say something, and when he doesn’t, she hangs her head and walks over to Jake. I look at all three of the guys, knowing already that I’m heading over with Jake. He’s the responsible one and will take care of us if need be. Oliver and Mary are a wee bit, well, Mary’s a wild card. He’ll probably find a chick and get laid tonight. Oliver, I don’t know. I would hope he wouldn’t but who knows. He’s watching me carefully, playing with that damn lip. Watching him sends heat straight down to my core. “Sorry guys, I gotta side with the girls. We’ll see you there…,” I say with a small wave as we get into Jake’s truck.
On the way to the lake, we all joke around with Jake, who has gotten serious since joining the military. Trying to loosen him up, or at the very least embarrass him, we start talking about sex. Noelle is purposefully making things up that she’s done, causing Jake to say, “If I actually believed you do any of that shit, I would find the guy and beat his ass, get me?”
Laughing, Noelle just slugs him in the arm, “That’s why I don’t share anything about what I really do with you!”
“Or name names!” Becca adds.
I giggle, but while we’re driving along the road, my mind drifts to Oliver. Then it goes to that first kiss we shared, followed by how he looked at me earlier today, and I start to get excited. Wriggling in my seat, Becca looks at me with a question, so I just shrug my shoulders. At about that time, our favorite song comes on the radio, and Noelle, sitting in the front blares it and we all start singing, and we don’t stop until we get to the house on the lake where the party’s at. Mary and Oliver aren’t too far behind and pull up next to us.
“Ricky!” Noelle screams, and her boyfriend comes running over. God, she’s got him wrapped around her finger. She leaps into his arms, and they wrap their arms around each other, making out as he walks away with her. 
“What the hell does she see in that ass?” Mary asks as he watches Noelle and her boyfriend walk away with a sneer.
“True love,” I say with a smile and a punch to his arm.
“Sage, come on, you can’t honestly believe in that shit, can you?”
Glancing at Oliver, I shrug, “Yeah, can’t help it. Have you seen all our parents? Just wait til it hits you.”
By this point Jake has joined Mary and Oliver, so Becca and I hook arms and walk toward the party. Looking back to the guys, I can see that their talking, but Mary is watching Noelle, Jake looks on alert, and Oliver. Oliver is staring at me with his lip between his fingers. I feel a shiver go down my back. Excitement? Fear? I turn forward and, looking at Becca, I ask, “Want to go swimming?”
“Not really,” she says. “I don’t think I can…”
Knowing where she’s going with this, I stop her, “Becca, you’re gorgeous,” I say, turning to face her and grabbing her hands. “Anyone would be lucky to be with you! You’re smart, funny, sweet, and dare I say, sexy!” I say with a gasp and holding a hand to my mouth. This, of course, leads to Becca laughing. She has this husky laugh paired with an equally husky voice. She would be perfect for radio, but Becca wants to bake, and I fully intend to help and support her.
“I’m gonna miss you when I go to culinary school,” Becca says.
“I’ll miss you too, but we’re still gonna be able to come back and see each other on vacations, and don’t forget texting, FaceTime, and everything else in between!” I say. By this point, we’re at the edge of the lake, and some of our friends call us over to go swimming. “Let’s do this for old times’ sake,” I say of swimming.
“Fine, you twisted my arm,” Becca says with a roll of her eyes and heads to the group, stripping her dress off, leaving her in a one piece that is reminiscent of, again, a 1940s pinup girl you would see on the nose of a B-52 Bomber during World War II. She owns that look I swear. 
Laughing, I follow her, pulling my own dress over my head, dropping it on a nearby table, showing off my body in a cute bikini with a blue and white striped top, and the bottoms a solid blue to match. I have always been confident of my body, so it doesn’t bother me to walk around like this. As I’m approaching Becca and the rest of the group I look around and make eye contact with a pair of green eyes. I know mine are wide when I see Oliver, still watching me, sitting at a table on the patio with Jake. Mary’s absent, not surprisingly. 
Feeling my face go red, especially when I see Oliver still playing with that damn lip, I look away and rush to the group, where we all go swimming for a bit, and I’m able to take my mind off Oliver. Sure, I sneak glances at him, and each time he’s watching me, sending shivers up my spine, almost like his hand was there. 
After a while, the group I’m with dwindles as they all traipse out of the lake to grab a couple of drinks and relax by the bonfire. I walk out slowly but stop at the edge and twist my hair to get all the excess water out. Lake water sucks and it smells, but it feels good on a warm evening. As I’m standing there, I notice everyone has left me by myself. Shrugging I start to walk toward the house.
“Sage,” I hear behind me and a hand lands on my shoulder. Screaming I turn around, knocking the hand off, and find myself only inches away from Oliver. Swallowing, I force a smile. “Hey Oliver. Having fun?”
Looking around before his eyes land on mine, he shrugs and says, “Not really.”
Seriously, can Oliver be any more frustrating? “If you’re not having fun, you can go home you know, that right? You came here in your car. Just leave.”
He looks around again, sighing, before grabbing my hand and pulling me around the side of the house to a little sitting area that is closed off from everything, and everyone, else. That damn shiver goes down my spine again, and there’s a warmth spreading across my body, starting where our hands are connected. Now it could just be from the cold because I’m standing there in nothing but a wet bikini, but Oliver’s hand is warm in mine, and that’s what I focus on.
Watching him, Oliver seems nervous. When he runs his hand through his hair and looks at me with his piercing green eyes, and I mean really looks at me, borderline intense, I take a step back. No one has ever looked at me like that. “Oliver,” I say licking my lips, because my lips have gone dry for some reason, “you alright?”
He suddenly looks serious, and stands straight, “No, I’m not.”
“Um, ok, is there something I can-,” and I’m cut off. By Oliver’s lips. On my lips. Holy hell, Oliver is kissing me again! Really kissing me! Not those little pecks he occasionally sneaks!!!
Groaning, he says against my lips, “I’ve been wanting to do this for far too long,” before he takes my lips again. I’m drowning here, and in a totally good way. I’ve kissed more guys between my kisses with Oliver, but comparing them to Oliver, they always come up lacking. Kissing Oliver now couldn’t even compare with what it was like the first time, because it has only gotten better! 
Moaning, I think from me, Oliver pushes me against the side of the house, pressing his body into mine. His hands go to my hips, holding me while thrusting against me. I want to feel more though so I try to spread my legs. My hands, which had a death grip on his biceps are now in his streaked blonde hair holding him to me. I move my head to the side, and his lips slide over my neck.
“Oliver...,” oh my god is that desire laden voice mine? “Please…”
Oliver quickly releases my hips only to grab my thighs and lift me so that he’s standing in the cradle of my thighs. I can feel everything, I mean everything. Oliver leans back and whips off his shirt, and my hands are on his chest. God, he has this lean Adonis hot look going, only with some scruff. I look up at him, and he grabs my head tightly, holding me in place as he kisses me again, his tongue diving deep to tangle with mine, thrusting his hips against mine. My hands wrap back around his shoulders, and my ankles lock around his lower back, holding myself up a little so that I can move myself against him. I feel his hands drop to my sides before they slide up and around to my back where my bikini is tied. 
As we’re kissing, I feel him playing with the tie before loosening it, and his hands are all of a sudden on my naked breasts, my top having been tossed behind me because it’s still tied around my neck. I know my nipples are puckered from the cold air, but Oliver’s hands are so damn warm. 
“Damn, Sage, you feel so good,” I hear him mumble, his face in the crook of my neck, licking the area. I swear I’m going to die. 
 “Oliver, what are we doing?” I ask him breathlessly as I buck my hips against him. 
“Whatever we want Babe,” is his only response before he hikes me up even higher and takes one of my nipples in his mouth. My hands are roaming everywhere on his back and into his hair digging deep, as my head rolls to the side in pleasure, little mewls of pleasure escape my mouth, and I buck against him. 
When some people walk by on the other side of the wall, we still, with Oliver pressing his body into mine, his head buried deep in my neck as I rest mine on his shoulder where I can take a second to catch my breath, and I feel his body shaking. He drops my legs, and takes a small step back, moving so that his forehead is resting on mine, and his hands on my hips. 
We’re both trying to catch our breath, when Oliver says, “Sage, I want you, so damn bad,” and I’m nodding my head yes, while my mind is screaming, take me know! But Oliver continues, “I can’t though. I can’t ruin us, our friends, your brother, our parents.” 
“What does that mean?” I ask, quite stupidly, I think.
“You’re just getting started in life and will be heading to college in a couple of weeks. You need to enjoy college, not be weighed down by me.” 
I’m about to say something when he kisses me again. Lightly though. “I need to get out of here,” he says, while giving me one last long look, straightening my top, and walking away. 
I lean against the side of the house, dropping to my ass on the floor and wrapping my arms around my drawn-up legs and start to cry. Becca finds me after a while, saying Jake is ready to go, and if I want, I can go with them, not saying anything about how I look, because she knows I’ll open up to her in time. Unfortunately, I can’t this time, because it’s her brother.
“What about Noelle?” I ask.
She waves a hand, “I haven’t seen her in a while, so she’s probably finally losing it to Ricky. Let’s go beautiful,” she says as she helps me up and hands me my dress.
We walk out to find Jake standing there with a question in his eyes. He’s always been able to see a lot more than most. I can only shake my head and get in his truck. I notice that Oliver’s jeep is gone, but Mary’s car is still there. Maybe he found someone to hook up.  
The drive home is quiet, and I’m relieved when we finally get to my house. My parents are asleep by now, so I walk up to my bedroom and close the door before falling on my bed to cry some more. Pulling my pillow toward me, I feel something under it. Looking, I find an envelope sealed shut, with Oliver’s writing on the outside saying, “Don’t read until you’re ready.” The asshole. I put it in my box that has all things Oliver in it, stow it under my bed, and promptly forget about it before doing my hardest to forget everything that has to do with one Oliver Turner.
Yep, this is my life, could it get any crappier?



Oliver

3 years ago



Sage is coming home today, for good. I have only caught glimpses of her for the past four years, usually during breaks, and yes in that time I’ve gotten a couple more kisses, even some in front of our friends and family (Thank you mistletoe!). 
I graduated college in that time and am now a police officer with the Granbury Police Department. In all reality, I should have come across her more over the past couple of years, with all the craziness that happens with our families, but not once was I ever able to get her by herself. I would drop by to visit my parents, knowing her and Noelle would be there with Becca, only to find them walking out, not to be seen again that day. Or I would go to her house to “visit” with her parents, only to find she had just left to visit Noelle and her son Quinn. The girl is a master at avoiding. 
Seeing Sage is painful. I often wonder if she’s dating anyone, but I never. I can’t blame her if she is. Hell, I’ve dated and more. Always dark brown-haired tall women. Not a single one of them was smart like Sage, had a sense of humor like Sage, or the long curly hair and deep blue eyes she has. And not a single one of them could drive me crazy like Sage. I still get laid, but I feel like I’m in a holding pattern, waiting for Sage Marin to come home. And that day is finally here. This is my chance.
Becca is already home, telling me, “Sage should be here in a couple minutes to pick me up,” as we’re sitting at the dining room table that saw us grow up and do homework, drinking coffee. I’m in uniform since I have to head in to work shortly. Plus, I want to make an impression on Sage, and I know I look good in my uniform. Becca is in a cute, collared dress with a belt around her waist that flows around her knees, and her hair is done up in some curl type up do and red lipstick. 
“What are you two going to do today?” I ask, because I’m curious, and plus to make sure I drive past them.
“Probably stop by Noelle’s so we can visit a little and see her little boy, then go scope out some places for the coffee house,” she says bouncing in her seat. Noelle had gotten pregnant shortly after high school graduation and is now the proud momma of a three-year-old, who having met I can say is a mini-Noelle in all ways. She’s never told anyone who the father is, but she’s doing well for herself. “You know she’s almost done with her accounting degree? She plans to open her own shop and be part of our coffee house.”
Laughing, and proud of her, I say, “You sure are excited to actually get this coffee house off the ground, aren’t you?” while taking a drink of my coffee. 
“So excited! I’ve waited two years for Sage to finish her business degree! You know damn well that we’ve wanted to go into business together forever! And Mom’s kitchen isn’t cutting it anymore,” she says with a sigh. She’s been living with our parents since she finished the baking program or whatever, culinary school, she was at, and has been catering out of our parents’ kitchen the entire time, saving up money for this day. I’m proud of her, and my stomach and sweet tooth love her to death, even if my exercise routine has had to be extended to burn the extra calories. 
“What name are you thinking of?” I ask curiously.
“Well Starbucks and Central Perk are already taken,” she says with a laugh, “but I was thinking something like Deja Brew.”
“Deja Brew…I like it. What do the girls think?”
“No clue. We’re going to talk about it in the coming days. You know Sage will be manning the barista part, right? I’m doing baking and will continue with catering out of the kitchen.”
“I gotcha, when you open, I’ll be a regular there,” I say, but am interrupted by the doorbell ringing before I can go further. 
“Sage!!!” Becca yells and runs out of the kitchen while I stand next to the table, waiting to see what happens. This is it. My hands start to sweat so I run them down my pants. As I hear the door open and the sound of women’s voices come down the hall toward the kitchen, I take a big drink of my coffee. I’m leaning against the table, looking calm cool and collected (I hope) when Becca walks in with Sage following behind. She’s wearing a cute yellow dress that reaches her knees with a light green cardigan over it and some strappy sandals are leaving her painted pink toes bare. Is she trying to torture me? That could be the only reason for how she’s dressed. She looks like a sweet I can’t wait to eat.
Sage stops as soon as she sees me and frowns. Ok, this can’t be good. “Hey Sage,” I say as I walk up to her and hug her. She’s stiff in my arms, and pushes me away, her face red. 
Becca looks at us curiously, “I’m gonna grab my purse and the papers I printed out of properties. I’ll be back in a jiffy,” and she’s off in a swish of skirts and heels, leaving Sage and I alone. 
“Want some of my coffee?” I ask Sage, and she just shakes her head no, not saying anything, and definitely looking everywhere but at me. Sighing, “You want to take a seat? You know Becca’s gonna take a while.” 
She glares at the hallway leading to the stairs, before nodding her head and sitting in the seat furthest from me, still not looking at me. OK, this is going to be more difficult than I thought. Sage has never been this quiet before. 
Tapping my fingers on the table, I watch her. Damn but she’s gorgeous, always has been to me, even as a kid. Her dark hair is the perfect frame to her heart shaped face and big blue eyes. Her lips are pink, luscious, and begging to be kissed. A long neck that is begging me to bury my face in it. Groaning, I stand up and walk toward her. When she sees I’m walking toward her, her eyes widen, and her hands clasp together so tight the knuckles are white. Oh yeah, I have an effect on her.
“No sense in us sitting across this long table,” I state as Sage just nods her head again, looking at the hallway like she’s begging Becca to appear. Tapping her hands to get her attention, I say the only thing I can think of, “I missed you.”
I watch as Sage’s eyes widen even more, and her mouth opens and closes a couple times. “I’m sorry Sage. For that night at the lake,” and I watch as her face turns red. This is so not going the way I want it to.  
Pulling her hands away from me, she finally looks at me, and there’s anger in her eyes, “You conceited asshole! What is this? Do you think I’ve been sitting around pining for you?”
“Well no, but -,” I begin.
“Because I haven’t! I have had relationships with men over the past couple years, and none of them were you!” That hurts me so bad, my hand comes up to my chest to rub where my heart is. “And don’t you dare say we can be friends Mr. Police Officer. I’m not doing that with you, because you and I,” she says as she waves a finger between us, “we can’t be friends, nor will we ever be friends.”
Is it wrong that I find Sage sexy as hell right now? God, I want this woman, and I want her to know that I want her, so I do something stupid. Yeah, yeah horny guy = stupid actions, I get it. I grab her finger and pull her to her feet with me, and when she gasps, I take her mouth with mine. She’s fighting to get her finger back while I slide my other arm around her waist, right above her ass, pulling her tight against me. My tongue licks her lips, and I drag the hand I’m holding to my chest and hold it there where I know she can feel the rapid beating of my heart.
Then Sage sighs into my mouth, and as she opens to me, my tongue slides in and damn if I don’t feel like I’m coming home. Her other arm slides up around my shoulders grabbing my hair and pulling me closer. I sit her gorgeous ass on the table, and she spreads her legs wide for me to come between them, her skirt leaving plenty of room and access. 
“God Sage, only you,” I say.
“Shut up and kiss me,” she says, grabbing my face to pull me to her.
My hand releases hers to slide up her thighs as we can continue to kiss, our tongues taking part in a wonderful dance that I never want to end. I’m pushing her back on the table, wanting to get closer, when we hear the creak of the stairs, followed by Becca yelling, “I’m ready Sage, let’s go!” 
Jumping away from each other, Sage stands and has her back turned to the hallway while she fixes her hair, and I’m standing there breathing hard with what is probably one of the top three most painful hard-ons I have ever had so I take a seat right when Becca comes into the kitchen. 
She looks between us, “Everything alright you guys?”
I clear my throat, before answering, “Yeah, everything’s fine. Just getting used to being around each other again. Haven’t gotten to have Sage to myself for a while.” That’s when a light bulb appears. “Sage said she’s going to start baking with me again.”
I hear Sage gasp and when I turn my head to look at her, she’s glaring at me. “I never said any such thing!” 
Yeah, I’ve pissed her off well and good. “Becca, give me a sec with Sage alright?” I ask.
“Becca, don’t you dare move,” Sage demands. 
“I really don’t want to have anything to do with whatever this is,” Becca is playing Switzerland now, keeping from picking sides and staying neutral, as she turns her back on us. “Finish whatever you need to do. I’m just going to stand here not listening.”
Sage looks at her, then she starts giggling, and when she looks at me, I join in the laughter. Before we’re done though, I grab her and pull her to me, “This isn’t done yet Sage,” and I kiss her before walking out of the house to my patrol car, wondering how I’m going to do this. 



Chapter 1

Sage



I’m never going to get laid, I think. I always second guess myself. And to be honest, what guy has turned me on aside from the one I can’t have? Guys, they’re all assholes, thinking they know what’s best for me, when honestly, why can’t I just be me and have a guy accept that? But NOOOOOO, they want me to be something I’m not and change who I am. I’m so over this.
Oliver isn’t helping. Asshole that he is, whenever I have a date, he turns up, and I’m tired of it. I haven’t gotten laid since college! Three years! I’m on edge here people! Oliver likes to come and tease me, sneaking kisses, but has he ever asked me out? No. Has he shown up to the apartment I share upstairs with Becca? Yes. Has he baked with me? Yes. But nothing more. Just kisses. He doesn’t even push for more. Argh, I’m so done with this, and I need to move on. Maybe give him an ultimatum. Something. Maybe no more baking? That would mess with his sweet tooth.
Its morning and Noelle, Becca, and I are at Deja Brew for our morning gossip session, which is disguised as a meeting. Like we have anything to gossip about. We’re in constant contact with each other, not to mention we own Deja Brew together.  
Loading up a tray with all our preferred coffee drinks while Becca grabs her awesome pastries, we both head to a table where Noelle is sitting. It was hard work, but we have equal stake in Deja Brew Coffee House. It’s no Starbucks, but its hella better!!! Noelle is still not allowed near the kitchen, or anything aside from the books for that matter, unless we need her to cover as barista, but that is in emergencies only! We still love her for trying though. She’ll be leaving shortly to take her six-year-old son Quinn to school. 
Looking at Noelle, I’m still amazed by her. She was everything queen in high school, head cheerleader, dated the quarterback, and managed to get straight As all without trying. Everyone aside from Becca and I thought she was going to get engaged and married by the time she got out of college, but that didn’t happen. Instead, she ended up pregnant out of high school. No one, and I mean no one, not even us, her two closest friends, know who the father is, and she’s not speaking. Her son Quinn is adorable though, having just turned six, and takes after her for the most part. But there is something about him that reminds me of someone, I can’t just figure out who. His mannerisms maybe? Or when Quinn tilts his head just so. I just can’t put my finger on it! 
“Hey sexy lady,” I say to her as I walk up and set my tray down before taking a seat myself. 
“Sage, really, Quinn is around here somewhere,” Noelle says with a roll of her eyes. But I see her small smile as she grabs her white mocha Americana. 
“I know, but still, you look hot today,” Noelle has on a pair of skinny jeans with black heels and a see through oversized blue button up top hanging off one shoulder with a tank top underneath. “Anything happening today? Thanks Becca,” I say to Becca as she joins us with scones, muffins, and her awesome donuts. Better than Krispy Kreme. AND they are a perfect meal to go with my caramel macchiato.
Becca is super cute. Like Oliver, she has streaked blonde hair that she leaves long in order to put it in those rolls that women in the 1940s wear. Unlike Oliver, she has hazel eyes that I would swear turn yellow when her emotions run high. She lacks confidence in herself though, same as when we were younger in school, as she was chunky and had braces. In high school she was the school mascot and started to come out of her shell. Now before you think too much, she wasn’t covered from head to toe, hidden beneath some stupid outfit. Oh no, we were the Vikings, and Becca was a Viking Warrior maiden. Honestly, it suited her perfectly. 
Today, Becca uses the pin up model look to her advantage, and dresses the part, just like she did in high school. Everyone in town loves her and her perky persona. She never notices but guys are always checking her out, as her body is smoking hot, but she has a tendency to friend zone them because of her remaining insecurities. She always wears dresses and heels, her hair done in the style of the 40s, with bright red lips. The look definitely works for her, and if I’m to judge by the number of guys that walk by hoping to see her, it works for them too. 
“Nothing really happening today. I’m heading to the house Jake bought to get some stuff situated for him. He’s supposed to be coming in next week sometime,” Noelle says as she takes a sip. 
“Ugh, I’m so glad baking is done for the day! My feet are killing me!!!” Becca says as she plops in the chair between us. “Noelle, can you use those magic fingers of yours to rub my feet please?” 
“Becca, you’re so gross, get those things away from me! I’ve barely touched my coffee yet!”
“But you’re going to be leaving to take Quinn to school shortly! Please? Pretty please?”
“No, I know where you’ve been!”
“Like you’ve never been in the kitchen,” Becca snorts, rolling her eyes at Noelle, as she drinks her non-fat flat white latte.
Together we tend to revert to our childish selves. We’ve been friends since we were born, and our ability to stay true to ourselves and each other has kept our friendship alive. “Can we please get back to Jake coming back?”
Becca sits up at attention, “Jake is back? How’s he doing? Do you need anything?”
“He’ll be home next week. They discharged him a couple weeks ago. His prosthetic is interesting. He can still run with it. It’s like the Olympic runners. I think he has a more leg looking one too though.” Noelle’s brother was a Marine in Afghanistan on patrol when an IED went off. It cost him a leg and several teammates. From what Noelle says he’s doing well, but that’s just the phone calls. I know she’s worried about him and wants to make sure he’s OK physically and mentally.
“Wow. Well, if I need to do anything, I can do it. I think I’ll make him a pineapple upside down cake. If I remember that’s his favorite,” Becca comments.
“Yeah, it is. My mom still sends him one for his birthday every year. He hasn’t had one of yours in years though, and I know he always harassed you for one,” Noelle says.
Not saying anything, I look at Becca, because I know for a fact that her mom pays us cash to specifically have Becca make the cake and send it. She doesn’t want Noelle to think she’s doing it to support our business which is why the cash. Plus, Jake won’t eat anyone else’s pineapple upside down cake besides Becca’s. He’s always known when she didn’t make it, and it has been tested before and he passed every single time.
Roni Myers walks in at that point. She’s our other barista, and we all love her, even if she’s a bit secretive. Her looks help that out, being Goth. With her hair cut in a black and white striped bob with bangs, pale makeup, and dark eyes, she draws men of all ages to her. She always has a smile, and plenty of leg showing between the top of the boots she wears to the bottom of the short skirts. I think the apron she has to wear while working covers more than her clothes. 
Roni’s young, goes to college about 45 minutes away, but she’s chosen to live here in Granbury for the past year. Other than that, we don’t know much about her except that she doesn’t have a criminal background, can drink, and is a blast to have around. She calls things as they are, which is refreshing. Every now and then she lets things slip though. Interesting enough, she’s part of a roller derby team.
“Good morning, ladies. How’s it going?” When we all murmur our good mornings, Roni, goes on, “I think Ollie just drove by,” looking directly at me when she says it before heading to make her own vanilla bean Frappuccino. Apparently, mine suck 
“Is he still coming in? I’m either gone or still in the back when he comes in,” Becca asks as she cranes her neck to look out the windows.
Since my back is to the door, I turn my head to see if I can catch him, even something as small as his rear bumper. Not the good rear bumper, as in his ass that looks so fine, especially when he’s in uniform, I’m talking about the bumper of his patrol car. He normally comes in every morning that he’s on duty. Sighing, I turn forward, and look at the girls and shrug. “Yeah, he still does, but he normally focuses on flirting with Noelle.”
“I don’t flirt back though. I swear, Ollie needs to find someone else,” Noelle says with a wave of her hand while letting out a puff of frustrated breath, “I don’t have time for his antics. He does it because he knows he can get a rise out of you. While he flirts with me, he’s watching you like a hawk!”
“Ha! Probably to make sure I don’t spit in his coffee!” Yeah, I’ve been tempted to do that multiple times, not that I would tell anyone that. I do run an eatery after all. 
Roni comes and sits with us, taking a drink before saying, “Noelle’s right. He focuses on you Sage. If I didn’t know any better, everything Ollie says to Noelle he’s actually saying to you.”
Becca looks at me questioningly with her head tilted, “I’m sorry? Aren’t you the one who had this huge, and I mean HUGE crush on him in high school?” she spreads her arms wide to make sure we all know just how big my crush was when we were younger, “I mean really, that’s my brother! And you’re the only one aside from my parents that calls him Oliver. I don’t know, I sense some jealousy.”
Noelle whips her head to me, “Is this true? Are you jealous?”
“What? No!”
“It actually makes sense,” Roni interjects. “Whenever he comes in you get a little more, um, forceful maybe when making coffee. I have to check to make sure you didn’t break anything on your precious espresso machine.”
“Oh, do tell! What do you mean forceful?” Becca has a smile on her lips.
“Sage here starts mumbling under her breath and pounding a little more on her pretty espresso machine that she just had to have,” Noelle says gleefully.
Becca leans back watching me, then sits up. “Wait a minute! Didn’t you’ve a date last night with the one guy from the Chamber of Commerce?”
Sighing, my response is easy. “Yeah, but it was dead before take-off. This guy wanted to come in for a drink before we even went out. I had to nip that in the butt. Then at dinner, he drank, and his hands were everywhere, and I mean EVERYWHERE. I don’t want to fend off a guy who gets handsy when he drinks too much. I had enough of that in college.” I don’t mention how I saw Oliver’s jeep drive by at the same time my date picked me up or again when we were at the steak house in town eating. 
Noelle picks up her drink and taps my cup with it saying, “I hear that, last time a guy came on to me, Quinn was there, and the guy had the nerve to try to grab my ass. Wanted to bitch slap him. When there’s another Chamber Meeting, Becca or I will go so you don’t have to deal with him,” with Becca nodding her head in agreement. 
“I appreciate it. I just, argh, I want to have sex! It’s been too long! I feel like I’m getting desperate here!” Noelle and Roni are laughing at me as I say that. “Why are you laughing? This isn’t funny! I can only use-,”
“Hey mommy? Is it time to go yet?” Noelle’s son Quinn all of a sudden appears. 
Noelle sits up and grabs her son. “It sure looks like it! Go grab your backpack and we’ll head out,” as she turns him toward the back again. She then looks at me dead serious. “Don’t say anything. You’re desperate? What? You haven’t had sex in a couple of months? Try seven years!!! And even then, it was only once! The one time I had sex, I got pregnant! I haven’t had sex since even though I have tried!!!” She turns to walk away, leaving Becca, Roni, and I in shock, before I jump up and reach for her arm.
“Noelle, you know I didn’t mean it like that. I’m just frustrated! I’m trying to find someone, and I got nothing. I’m so sorry, and I know you wish things would be different for you-,”
“Sage, that’s not true,” Noelle interrupts me. “I wouldn’t give Quinn up for anything. But I want you to know that I’m just as frustrated, but I don’t get to do anything.”
Becca, Roni, and I look at each other. “That settles it,” Becca says, “I’m going to get my parents to watch Quinn overnight. We need a girls’ night, so we can all stay the night and have a sleepover after getting our asses drunk at the bar. Roni? Sage? You good?” No one argues with Becca, so we just nod our heads yes. 
“No, I don’t want that-,”
I hold up my hand, “Please just stop. You don’t need to beg us. We’re good.”
“But-,”
Becca jumps in, “This is really just sad. Please stop begging. It’s beneath you…” continuing the game we have always used against each other to defuse situations while still making our intentions clear.
Noelle is quiet, then I start to hear her laughing. Before long, we’re all laughing. Quinn reappears, “Mommy, what’s so funny? Did you tell a fart joke?” Which sets us off all over again.
As Noelle and Quinn walk by me, I reach over and hug her, “Just so you know…it’s been over 3 years for me…,” I whisper in her ear.
When Noelle looks at me, her head tilted and a confused look on her face, I add “since I had S-E-X,” spelling it out for little ears.
Noelle blushes but looks at me curiously. I can only shrug my shoulders when she asks, “Is it because…?” 
“Yeah,” I say sighing, “I can’t help it.” 
Then before Noelle and Quinn leave, I add “Mary is coming back to town as well. You know he blew his ACL in his last game? Well he’s coming here to recuperate and go through physical therapy.”
“Wow, he hasn’t been back here in a long time. I think the last time I saw him was at our graduation, right?” Becca says.
“Yeah, he doesn’t come here. We always go to him since he’s so busy with his life,” I say with a roll of my eyes. 
“Wait, is this your hottie brother professional football player?” Roni asks, and clarifies it even further, “The one who all you have to do is mention his name and Noelle gets that scowl?” All of us turn to look at Noelle, and Roni continues, “the one she’s wearing right now?”
Laughing, I answer, “Yeah, they’ve been at each other’s throats for as long as I can remember.”
Noelle clears her throat and starts rushing. “Go say bye to your Aunts so we can be on our way.” After two huge hugs from Becca and me, and Roni playing with Quinn’s hair, Noelle reaches for his hand and walks out the door with a wave. 
Sitting back down, Roni, Becca, and I finish eating and drinking our coffee in quiet. I know Becca likes it quiet after she’s been baking for so long so we just chill. 
Leaning my head back and closing my eyes, I’m surprised when Becca asks me, “How long have you had a crush on my brother this time?”
“Honestly? I don’t think I ever stopped crushing. Everyone Becca, I mean everyone I date, I compare to him. Hell, the guy I lost my virginity to in college, remember him?” When she nods her head, I continue, “In my mind, he looked like Oliver. Why can’t I let it go? Am I some kind of creepy stalker chick? Obsessed? That’s why I’m so frustrated!”
Laughing, Roni leans forward and whispers, “You go crazy fan girl on him.”
“Seriously? He’s a cop! Not some star or something like Mary. Speaking of that, did Noelle act weird when I brought him up?
“Not that I saw. She was just rushing to get Quinn to school like normal. Are we good for Friday girls’ night?”
“Sure am!” Roni says. “But if I take off, don’t worry. I’m just going to get me some!”
“Sure, sounds good. I’m swearing off men so there will be no dates for the foreseeable future,” is my response. “I may just switch teams and stay away from guys forever!”
“Now that would be a shame. I know there has to be at least one guy in this town who would do anything for you,” in a deep voice by my ear. Looking at Becca and Roni, I see huge smiles on their faces. Becca stands up and starts packing up our dishes before walking out with a wave and saying absolutely nothing. Roni gets up to go work behind the counter, giving us privacy, but throws a smile at me.
Taking the seat next to me that Becca just vacated, the owner of the voice leans on the table a couple inches from me with a smirk on his face. Damn but that’s my favorite face in all the world. But right now, I’m too busy shrinking trying to get under the table to avoid him.
“What Sage, nothing to say? If you want a girl, I know a couple, but I don’t think you really mean that,” the bane of my existence, my crush, my self-proclaimed best friend forever (if you go by the ridiculous bracelets he got for us to wear), and Becca’s brother, Oliver sits across from me. 
Me and my big mouth.



Chapter 2

Oliver



Walking in and hearing Sage say she’s swearing off men damn near brought me to my knees. Seeing her back to me through the glass door of Deja Brew, I had opened the door quietly behind her when I heard that statement coming from her gorgeous mouth, a mouth I want to kiss so badly. It’s like a shot to the heart. Or a dare. Yeah, I’ll take it as a dare, even though she doesn’t know it. This girl is my best friend, and I don’t want her to miss out on any of the good things in life. That includes me, kissing me, maybe even at some point having sex with me.
My mind goes back to the kiss we shared years before in high school. Then the one when she graduated high school by the lake. Can’t forget the one on where I came close to taking her on my parents’ dining room table. All of them were simple enough, innocent if you will, but those kisses, and all the ones between and since, have had an impact on me. I compare every kiss to those first innocent kisses. Well, innocent before they crossed the line into a massive inferno. 
Of course, being only sixteen the first time, I didn’t know what to do with my feelings until I kept missing it with all the other chicks I have been with since. Yes, I called them chicks. I’m not sexist or anything, it’s just they aren’t girls, being too old for that, and calling them ladies makes me think of my mother and her friends. So, for right now they’re chicks. Don’t judge me. Back to where I was and most importantly back to Sage Marin, the bane of my existence and my best friend, sister to Basil Marin, known as Mary, who happens to be one of my other best friends. And Sage Marin is my obsession not that she should ever have cause to know that.
“Now that would be a shame. I know there has to be one guy out there who would do anything for you,” I whisper close enough to her ear that my lips ghost over the outer shell, and I feel her shiver in response. “Maybe a certain local law enforcement officer?”
I follow along our normal routine when I’m working, making sure to grab Sage’s caramel macchiato and take a drink. That effectively snaps Sage out of her shock, and she glares at me. I know every single face she makes. I know when she’s mad, sad, angry beyond belief, frustrated, happy, you name it. Right now, though, I can’t name it. Maybe embarrassment? Her cheeks have turned a slight red color, but still I’m lost. Actually, I know for a fact that I’m turned on. Just being around her turns me on. She still smells like cherries, same as she did in high school. Then I notice her starting to sink in her seat. 
“What Sage, nothing to say? If you really want a girl, I know a couple, but I don’t think you really mean that,” is my response. 
I’m just trying to rile her a bit more. The blush on her cheeks blossoms even more, in no way detracting from her looks, only enhancing them. Her blue eyes are bright, but they won’t make eye contact with me. Tapping the table in front of me, I know just the thing to do. Leaning back in my chair, with my hands behind my head, “Do you remember that one time in high school when my hands snaked under your – “
Sage jumps up, “That’s enough!!! What’s your problem? God, can’t I have any privacy?” 
“Well not really, no. There’s no such thing as privacy between friends,”
“In this case there is!!! You don’t have to know everything about my life!” She’s practically yelling and pointing a finger at me, the fire leaping into her eyes making them appear a bright blue.
Sighing, I subtly shift in my chair, because obviously now is not the time to show how turned on I am, and believe me I’m turned on, even more now than when I had walked in. “Fine. Look, I just wanted to see if we’re still on for baking tomorrow. I can pick something up for dinner. Chinese?”
Her chest heaving, Sage just looks at me before her shoulders slump, “Yes, we’re fine for tomorrow. Around 7 OK? I got some things to finish around here,” she says with a wave of her hand before adding, “and yeah I’ll let you pick up dinner.”
“Good, what about we go to the bar on Friday night? We can make it a group thing with the girls?”
“Oh, um, well, I have a date Friday, so I’ll have to pass,” Sage looks nervous all of a sudden.
“Date? You just had a date with that POS I warned you about!” To further show my annoyance (or frustration), I slap my hand on the table, “You better not be going out with him again.”
“Oliver –,”
Pausing for a second, I just let the sound of my name on her lips wash over me. She’s the only one who calls me by my given name and every time she does it gets a reaction. It’s like a shot straight to my dick, cranking up the heat down there. Taking a deep breath, I focus again. “No, I don’t care. He’s a total douche bag. Stay away from him. If it’s that bad, I’ll find you a chick, ok? You can go on a girl date, whatever, but stay the hell away from him!” 
“Oliver,” she rolls her eyes, “as I was going to say, I’m going on this date. You can’t tell me what to do or who to see. We’re friends, and I get that you’re worried, but you have to let me do whatever I want.” 
“Sage,” and I lean forward and grab her hand between mine, pulling her to stand between my legs and really any excuse to touch her, “I’m just worried about you. You’ve been avoiding me. I miss us.” Why can’t I just claim her? 
Pulling away from me, Sage looks at me with a sad smile on her face. “I know, and I miss you too. But seriously we have to figure out what to do. How do I tell a potential significant other that one of my best friends is a guy? What if he asks if we’ve done anything? That won’t go over well, and Oliver, you know I want a relationship.”
What she needs is a relationship with me, but I know she’s hesitant when it comes to me. Sure, I sneak kisses when I can, but I never push for more, waiting for a signal from her. At this rate, I’ll be dead before she gives me one and it’ll probably be the finger. 
“First off, I’m not just one of your best friends. I’m your best friend forever,” I say to get her to smile. “Secondly, if they can’t handle it, then they don’t deserve you. You matter.” I take her hand again, my thumbs stroking small circles over her knuckles, even though I want to touch her more.
“Think about this. If you were dating a girl, would you like it if she spent a lot of time with a guy that wasn’t you? What if he stayed the night sometimes, like you’ve done before? What if you found out that, that…”
“That what?” I know where she’s going with this.
“That she had kissed this guy, multiple times,” she gets out in a rush.
“I would ask if anything happened beyond kissing. Are there feelings? I would trust her, just like I would expect her to trust me.”
“So, tell her the kisses mean nothing?”
“Well, do they mean nothing or something? It’s up to you what they mean.”
“What does that even mean Oliver? Why do you always have to be confusing?”
“Sweetheart, it’s a simple question. Does kissing between friends mean something or nothing?” My heart is pounding. I hope she says the kisses we’ve shared have meant something.
“I can’t do it Oliver. No. I don’t want to deal with that kind of drama. I don’t need a guy to go all possessive and want me to give up my friends. We’re talking about an investment in my life. I have to move forward, and that means separating a little from you.”
And I feel my heart drop to the ground and get stomped on. “Nope, not gonna happen. I’m always going to be here for you. I know what you’re trying to do Sage, and I’m not going to allow it. You can’t push me away.” 
With that final statement, I stand up, lean forward to press my forehead against hers, breathing in deeply of her cherry scent, and tell her, “You won’t get rid of me that easily.” I see her eyes pop open and drop a quick kiss to her lips before walking out the door. 
Turning to look through the glass I see her sitting frozen in her seat with her fingers pressed to her lips. I wave to my sister who is standing in the doorway to the kitchen area, who just looks at me and shakes her head, before I walk to my patrol car and head to work.
Before I can even pull out into traffic, my phone rings. Looking down, I see its Sage’s brother. “Yo, Mary, what’s up?”
“Hey Ollie, just calling to check in. I plan to head in early tomorrow. You still got room for me?” Basil, Sage’s brother, better known as Mary, a shorter version of their last name Marin. He was the high school quarterback where I was the wide receiver. Together with Jake Williams, Noelle’s brother, we have been close friends for as long as the girls have been, I think maybe longer. Now Mary plays for the Kansas City Chiefs. I don’t think he’s been home since the girls graduated honestly.
“Yeah dude. Plenty of space. We still keeping this a surprise?”
“Sure are. Sage is going to be shocked. The family isn’t expecting me for a couple of weeks still.” 
“I just talked to Sage; she thinks we’re baking tomorrow night. I plan to get her and the girls to meet at Crockett’s instead. Noelle may be a harder one to sell, because of Quinn, but that can be figured out.” I start to get a little bummed that I wouldn’t have a chance alone with Sage, but I’m alright with that, because seeing the smile on her face when she sees her brother will be worth it. 
“Quinn? Is that her kid’s name? Now that I think about it, I’ve never seen what the kid looks like.”
“Yeah, he’s a handful. Smart like his momma that’s for sure.”
“How old is he?”
“I think six or seven? He has to be six yeah, because she got pregnant after graduation.” I say with some conviction.
There’s a pause on Mary’s side before he asks, “Are any of the girls seeing anyone?”
“Uh, no, not that I’m aware of,” I say hesitantly. Like I’m gonna tell Mary that I want to fuck his sister and keep her locked in my house for the rest of our lives. I may be clueless on some things, but I’m definitely not stupid. 
“Good. No one will ever be good enough for any of them, so they should just stay single. Lord knows that would save me a ton of anguish and threats,” Mary says with a laugh.
“Mary, they’re going to date at some point. Even kiss and possibly at some point have sex if they haven’t already,” I say. Which brings to mind Sage in a blue bikini like she had in high school. Only the bathing suit is on the ground and we’re on a bed together…I really need to get it together.
“Dude, I wouldn’t even be alright with you dating Sage or Noelle. Bro code and all. I wouldn’t want to have to kick your ass when you hurt one of them.”
That statement takes me down a notch. “Wait, are you saying I’m not good enough for Sage? I’m a cop! I’ve been here the entire time, and I know her! I know you! You know me!”
“OK…. Ollie, not sure where this is coming from. No one is good enough for the girls. No one. Plus, I know what you’re like. It’s a never-ending parade for you and has been since high school. So yeah, you’re not good enough for Sage. And wait, why did you only focus on Sage? Do you like my sister?”
“Uh, no, you just threw out the names, so I latched onto the first name you said. You know Sage and I are best friends, even closer than you and I. I would never do anything to hurt her.” Holy shit this is hard. Why can’t I just be straightforward with Mary and tell him that I’ve wanted Sage for over 10 years? 
“Yeah, I know, but if there’s something going on between you two, it needs to end. You would only end up hurting her.”
Sighing, and running my hands through my hair, I feel the frustration build. Mary thinks I’m a male slut or something, when that is far from the truth! I know I have done things that have made everyone believe that I truly was only friends with Sage. No one knows how deep my feelings really run. Hell, in the coffee shop I flirt with Noelle, never with Sage, despite everything I say to Noelle I actually want to say to Sage. 
“Fine, we’re just friends anyways so you don’t have to worry about anything.” I can’t let Mary do anything to separate me from Sage. 
“Cool, so tomorrow night? Crockett’s?”
“Yeah, I’ll set it up with the girls.”
“Good, I gotta go deal with the doctors. This is bullshit, but I already got everything set up to start physical therapy down there. We’re going to have fun. It’ll be like old times.”
“Yeah, sure will. Talk to you later. I’ll pick you up at the airport. Still 5, right?
“Yep.”
“Good, peace out my brother.”
With a snorting laugh, Mary says, “God you’re such a dork,” and hangs up.
Friends are great. 



Chapter 3

Sage



After manning the front for the better part of the day, with Roni and Noelle coming in to help out with the afternoon rush, I’m beat, but I want to try out some new recipes. This urge only happens when I’m confused, and you would be correct when I say that Oliver confuses me ninety-nine percent of the time. Grrrr, he makes me want to pull my hair out most of the time! The other times I just want to melt into him. That’s normally when he has taken me under with one of his deep kisses. The jerk. 
Where I’m not a baking goddess like Becca, and I’m definitely not completely inept in a kitchen like Noelle, I still enjoy trying new things. Right now, after browsing the internet and watching a couple of baking shows, I’m now in the Deja Brew kitchen at oh-dark-thirty trying out a chocolate coconut and passion fruit cake. No clue what it’ll taste like but the people on the show I watched sure as shit loved it. I make a quick batch of muffins so Becca doesn’t have to worry about that in the morning, put them in the oven and get to work on my cake.
Thirty minutes later I’ve made two batches of muffins with a third in the over and messed up two mixes all because my mind is on Oliver and our conversation from earlier. I know I need to step back for a bit from the recipe, because I’m feeling angry and frustrated, with what I don’t know, and the only thing to do when I feel like this is to make some bread from scratch. Kneading and pounding the dough helps me vent, and I can talk through it when I’m by myself. Getting the supplies needed, I get to work, and soon enough I’m pounding and kneading. 
“Who does he think he’s? Telling me what to do?”
I punch hard enough to hit the table beneath, my hand smarting a little, but I continue with my dough mutilation.
“Like he has any kind of claim on me!”
More punching. The poor dough never saw it coming.
“So we’ve kissed. Multiple kisses. A lot of kisses. It’s not a big deal!!”
I roll the dough up. 
“It’s not like I haven’t kissed a guy since then!”
Punch! 
“I’ve even had sex asshole!”
Roll. 
“So what if I still compare his kisses to all the others!”
“I care…”
“OMG what the hell!” I yell as I swing around, my hands still full of dough that goes flying at the previously unseen intruder and hits him in the face. 
I’m frozen in shock, staring as dough slips off Oliver’s head and shoulders. Figures even covered in raw dough he looks sexy as hell. He has my favorite look on - a faded t-shirt and low-slung relaxed jeans, a five o’clock shadow happening, and cocky as hell.
“Uh, yeah, maybe I should clean up,” Oliver says to me as he picks at the dough that’s currently falling from his shoulders.
Raising my hands to me face, I can feel the dough on my fingers leaving a residue all over me. “What are you doing here?”
“I saw a light on and was concerned. I figured it was one of you girls, but it’s late and if you needed help…I just wanted to make sure everything was ok,” he says as he looks at me with his green eyes. 
“How long have you been standing there?” I’m sure I look horrified.
Walking over to the sink, Oliver smirks as he looks at me. “Long enough to see you beat up a poor defenseless piece of dough.”
“Yeah, that happens when I’m frustrated.”
“I remember. I specifically remember one day when we went through three loaves of bread after you finally dumped that asshole in college.”
Gasping, I look at him, “Carter was not an asshole! He just didn’t understand anything about a woman!”
“That’s because he’s gay Sage. Really easy to understand. He’s gay.” 
Oliver doesn’t know I know, nor will I ever admit that he is right, but, between you and me, Carter made a pass at him one night. Oliver threatened him and told him to break up with me fast or else. That relationship was over in 30 minutes, and I allowed Oliver to spend the rest of the night comforting me, which consisted of pizza and us in my dorm room on my bed watching a marathon of my favorite form of therapy: teen rom coms. You know, things like Never Been Kissed and She’s All That. Besides that, do you have any idea how many times I fantasized about Oliver and me on that bed? 
“So? I did right by him then. I helped him understand where his heart really lies!” I know I look agitated, standing there with my hands on my hips.
Laughing, Oliver says, “Ok Sage, whatever floats your boat.” 
“Get out of the way, I need to wash my hands,” I say as I head to the sink and hip check him. He doesn’t move far enough away though, and I’m still able to feel the heat of his body next to me as he leans back on the counter. I can feel his eyes on me as I methodically wash my hands.
“I thought we were going to bake tomorrow night?” he asks me as he tucks a strand of loose hair behind my ear.
Knowing it means nothing, him tucking my hair, because he’s always done that, I sigh and say, “I know, but I was watching those stupid cooking shows and thought I would try one of them.”
“When did cooking shows feature beating the shit out of dough?”
Shrugging my shoulders and turning my back to him, I walk to the counter where I was kneading and start cleaning. I barely feel him before he whispers in my ear, “I can’t forget our kisses either,” and places his hands on either side of me, trapping me between his arms, and pressing his front to my back. 
I feel the hardness of his cock pressing into my ass, and hell if I don’t push back against it. I couldn’t stop myself even if I wanted to, and if that weren’t enough, I add a moan from deep in my throat. In response, Oliver pulls my hair to one side and starts to press kisses down my neck, and I rest my head on his shoulder, tilted back and to the side so he can reach more as I keep my hands on the counter in front of me.
“I thought we were friends?” Dumb response yes, I know, but that’s all I could come up with. Oliver smells like old worked in leather, and it’s going straight to my head. I shiver in response when he sucks on my earlobe, and I moan low and deep. 
“We are, but we can always be more,” he states as he turns me around in his arms and takes my mouth with a possession that I have never experienced before. Putting his hands back on the counter, caging me in, he leans in to deepen the kiss, his tongue teasing across my lips. 
My hands land on his chest when he turned me around, and where I know, I KNOW, I should push him away to save our friendship, they have a mind of their own and slide up to tangle in the hair at the nape of his neck. When I open my mouth, his tongue doesn’t hesitate and slides right on in as if its home were my mouth. My hands pull his head closer to me as I tilt my head, allowing the kiss to go deeper. When I hear a growl from Oliver (which ladies hits me right in the lady parts) I start thrusting my body against him more, making sure to spread my legs enough so that I can hook one over his hips and rub myself against himself. No shame, none at all, not me, nope.
I turn my head to the side, and his lips skim over my cheek before reaching my ear and sucking on the lobe. “Oliver, please.” I swear, if he stops, I will castrate him.
His husky laugh reaches deep down inside me, spreading a delicious warmth, “What do you want Sage?” His hands slide under my shirt, caressing my back before moving to the front, where he fills his hands with my breasts. Thank God! Oliver is finally touching my breasts! Girls, this is what wet dreams are made of!
“Oh God, that feels so good,” and my tongue darts out to lick my lips, “but should we do this? I mean,” breathless, “this is crossing a line, and we won’t ever be able to come back.”
Oliver thrusts his hard cock against me, “Sweetheart, I could care less,” and grabbing my face so that we’re looking at each other, “all I know is that I’ve wanted this for years, and I finally have you in a place where I can have you, and we’re by ourselves. So, should we do this? Hell, yes we should!”
Hesitating, because this is moving faster than I expected or have ever experienced, I can only hold out so much. “I want you to touch me.”
“Ah, anywhere in particular?”
“Anywhere, everywhere, can you please just do it?!” I’m rubbing myself against him, not caring that I’m acting like a sex starved nymphomaniac.
“You ready then? To go to the next level of friendship?”
“Oh my fucking god, I have been –,”
I don’t get anything else out, because Oliver’s mouth is back on mine, his body is pressing into mine, forcing me to sit further back on the counter where he takes a seat in the cradle of my thighs, thrusting against my hot core, and his hands. Oh yeah, his hands. They’re under my shirt, running up and down my back, making sure to slide them under my waist band, teasing me. Every time he reaches the top of my ass, he pulls me into him. 
Our breathing becomes heavier, and I want to feel him. The boy’s a cop, and I know he has a rocking body after seeing him at the pool all those times at my parents’ house for barbecues. I start grabbing the bottom of his shirt and raising it. His arms won’t leave my body though for me to take it off. My hands reach under and run over his nipples, pinching them enough to get him to suck in a breath and pull back. 
Leaning his forehead against mine, we’re both taking deep breaths, with our hands under each other’s shirts still. “Sage, I need you to be sure. I have held myself back for years. Do you understand years? Years where I have wanted you, craved you, even dreamed of you. So, I need you to be sure you want this, want me.” Why is he sounding conflicted now? Just minutes ago, he knew what he wanted and he wanted me!
Licking my lips, nervous, I tell Oliver, “If we do this, you have to guarantee things won’t change between us. That we’ll still be friends. You’ve been there for every major milestone in my life...”
“You sure about that? Because I can think of one where I wasn’t,” he says with a grin.
Pinching his nipple again, I say “Ok, fine, all but one.” Sadly, my virginity was lost to some guy in college. It sucked to say the least. At the time I was hoping Oliver would have declared himself or something, but when he didn’t, well I just wanted to get it done. In a dorm room. With a half-eaten pizza on the floor. Clothes hanging from every available surface. No, it was not my room. I wish I would have waited though. I deserved better, and the sex was mediocre. 
Who am I kidding, everything with Oliver has always been better, more heightened, then sex has ever been, even his kisses.
Pulling his hands from under my shirt, taking that nice warmth with him, he cups my face in his hands. “I promise you I will always be there for you, no matter what, whether we’re together or not, friends or lovers, even if you hate me, if you need something you call me, and I will come running, even if I’m with someone else. I DO NOT CARE.”
Wow. A guy has never been like this with me. And here my childhood crush, and yes, my adult crush, is telling me exactly the right thing that sends a surge of desire through me. I look into his green eyes and nod my head, “I’m sure.”
All of a sudden Oliver’s shirt is gone, and so is mine, leaving me in a comfortable cotton bra, definitely not one to inspire desire so I push my chest to his and kiss him. He pushes me back though and traces a finger along the edge of my bra. “Do you know how long I have thought of these? Seeing them bared to me again,” and he leans in close to my ear as he’s known to do, “sucked on their nipples til you come in my arms?” and he leans forward and leaves a trail of kisses along the same line his finger just took while undoing the front clasp, baring my breasts to him.
Now understand this, I’m tall and thin. My breasts are not huge by any means, but a handful, maybe? They aren’t the type of breasts to inspire lust. The nipples are small, but right now they’re hard, and while Oliver fondles one with his hand (yep, making it harder), his mouth takes the other in his mouth. I grab his head, holding it closer to me, while my hips are squirming on the counter, thrusting as best as they can against him. The bra is still hanging from my shoulders, so I release Oliver to strip it all the way off. My legs come up and wrap around his back and my hands are all over him. I’m literally rubbing myself against his chest, but I don’t care. His mouth goes to my other breast, using his hand to cup it better for his mouth, and the other reaches between us, pushing me back on the counter a little and he rubs his fingers along the seam of my pants, pushing in where my clit is.
He raises his head and looks at me, completely topless, and if he sees what I see, it’s a massive turn on. Chests heaving, loud breathing, desire darkening our eyes. When he reaches for me, I go to put my arms around him, but instead of his arms going around me, his hands are at my hips, pulling my pants down, making sure to take my panties with them, leaving me naked but for my socks. Placing his hands back on the counter on either side of me. He’s completely still while staring at me as I’m sitting on a counter naked and completely spread open to him. 
“You’re so gorgeous. I’ve always thought so, even when we were kids,” he says reverently, stroking a finger down my body, stopping at my clit to flick it, causing me to release a moan of pleasure. He then leans forward and kisses me lightly; dare I say it lovingly? “I never once in all my life expected this to happen Sage.” I got nothing, and even if I tried, I wouldn’t be able to think of anything. Nothing. Except I’m butt ass naked in front of Oliver Turner and about to have sex!
Then he drops to his knees, puts his hands on my thighs, spreads them wide, and proceeds to start kissing my thighs, working his way to my pussy. Shoving his shoulders between my thighs, spreading them wide as he starts licking me, using his tongue to open me to him and teasing my clit, then going and tonguing the opening to my vagina. His arms come up and start to pinch and rub my breasts. I lay back, bringing my feet up to resting them on his shoulders when he starts to hum directly on my clit. Again, I reach for his hair, pulling him closer to me. God, his tongue feels so good! As he’s licking and dipping his tongue, I’m pushing my hips up and down, chasing an orgasm that is so close. One of his hands leaves my breasts to slide a finger slowly into me, curling it just a little, and thrusting it in and out of me.
Oliver groans deep in his throat, “You’re so damn tight. I can’t wait to feel my cock buried deep inside you, and you coming around me setting off my own orgasm. I bet it’ll be big,” and he slides a second finger into me, both of them thrusting in and out of me, and just reaching that point where I know I will come. 
“Oliver, I’m already close…. going to come,” I warn him, and I can feel his hair in my hands as my thighs start to shake. I grab his hair as my orgasm washes over me. “Oliver!” 
He continues thrusting his fingers in and out of me, dragging my orgasm out even more. As my body calms down and comes back to earth, he kisses his way up my body to my mouth, and kisses me deeply, sliding his tongue deep into my mouth, while thrusting his jeans clad cock against my naked pussy starting me all over again. I can taste myself on his tongue as it strokes my own and his hands are on my hips forcefully pulling my body against his. 
I’m reaching down to unbutton his jeans, because yeah, I want more, when a buzzing sound starts. We continue to kiss and rub, and I have his jeans open and am ready to dip my hand into his boxer briefs when I catch the scent of burnt muffins. 
“Holy shit! Oliver move!!!” 
Pushing him back, I slide off the counter and run to the oven. Opening it, smoke starts to come out. Then the smoke alarm starts to go off. Oliver grabs a towel and starts swinging it in front of the alarm as I pull the muffins out, feeling the heat burn my bare breasts a little. I turn and see Oliver has already opened the windows and gone back to swinging his towel. Then the Deja Brew phone goes off and I rush to answer it. 
“Sage? Are you there? Is everything ok? I got a call from the security company saying a fire alarm going off?” Noelle is in full blown panic.
Catching my breath, I turn my back to Oliver and laugh uncomfortably, and say “Yeah, everything’s fine. I was trying a new recipe and lost track of time.”
“Do I need to come over?”
“No! I mean, no everything is fine. I just opened the windows. It’s fine. I’ll finish cleaning up and head home,” I didn’t think about it until just now, but I’m still naked standing in my socks, on the phone talking to one of my best friends. Looking over my shoulder to watch Oliver, I see him still waving the towel, shirtless, pants open, and damn if I don’t get turned on all over again. 
“Yeah Noelle, I’ll just clean up and be on my way home.”
“Well, ok, if you’re sure.”
“Yeah, I’m sure. I’ll see you guys tomorrow. Bye,” and I hang up really quick. 
Putting my hands on my hips, I lean my head back to the ceiling and blow out a breath. I jump when I feel hands wrap around my waist, lightly hugging me to the hard body behind me. Oliver’s chin rests on my shoulder, his face in my neck. I can feel his breath on my neck, but it’s not a turned-on heavy breathing kind of breath. The asshole is laughing!!!
Turning in his arms to look at him, he pulls his head back and I can’t help but join in. We have our hands around each other, his resting right above my ass, both of us laughing. My breasts are pressing against his, and yes, I’m still naked. Surprisingly, I’m comfortable with this, which is at odds with how I have been with other guys, where I just want to get dressed as soon as we’re done. 
Taking my hand, he pulls me with him to where my clothes lay strewn across the kitchen and starts to quietly dress me. Before and after each article he kisses me gently. Before he puts my bra on, he sucks on my nipples, bringing them to sharp, painful points, and I feel moisture pooling between my thighs. Damn it, I want another orgasm.
After he kisses my breasts along my bra line, he drops to his knees in front of me, I spread my legs, as he kisses my clit gently, sucking it between his lips before swiping his tongue across it. His hands cup my ass, as he continues the licking action, making me grab and hump his face as his tongue does the most wonderful things I have experienced. I am standing there, a knee hooked over his shoulder holding his head to my pussy when I orgasm hard. So hard that I almost drop to the ground, but luckily Oliver has a tight hold on me. He tortures me before pulling up my panties, and the rest of my clothes follow suit. Soon, too soon, and sadly enough, I’m completely dressed as is he. 
Together, quietly, we clean up the kitchen before heading to the door. He grabs my hand, intertwining our fingers before raising them to his mouth where he brushes a kiss across my knuckles. 
“Sage…,” he says sighing.
Turning to face Oliver, I look into his eyes, which are only a couple inches above mine. I guess that’s all he needs before he kisses me, this time softly. He lingers, and when I open my mouth, he slides his tongue in quickly before pulling back. Quickly stepping back, he drops my hand and rubs the back of his neck. 
“Don’t you dare Oliver Turner. I’m warning you. Don’t you fucking dare do what I think you’re about to do. I swear, I will sick Mary AND Becca on you!”
“No! I was just thinking, can we keep this between us for a while? Let’s not tell the girls OR the guys for that matter. Just saying that we don’t need them to interfere while we try to figure this out. Is that ok?”
“So, you’re saying that when we’re around our friends together, we can’t do anything? That you don’t want to?” 
“I’m just saying let’s be careful. I want to make sure we’re good, and not have any of them butting in.”
“In other words, when we’re out, I can’t say anything if a girl starts flirting with you? Touching you?” Laughing sarcastically, I add, “I can’t hold your hand?”
“Well, I won’t flirt back. I can’t control what other people think or do Sage!”
“Oh Oliver, dear Oliver,” I croon as I reach up and stroke his face. “You have no clue what you just did. It’s on. Just remember, I was the one sprawled wide open on that counter with your tongue deep inside me. I was the one who had an orgasm from your fingers and tongue. I’m the one you will not fuck over.” I end it by poking him in the chest multiple times.
“Hey, stop that!” I’m turning to walk up to the apartment I share with Becca above Deja Brew, and he’s following me. “Sage, I swear, there’s only you. After what just happened in there, how can you even think otherwise?”
“I don’t know Oliver, maybe it’s because you just said you don’t want to do anything in public.” 
I have reached my door by this point, unlocked it, and turn to stand in the doorway. Oliver is standing in the doorway about to come in when I hold my hand to his chest, blocking him from coming in any further. “No Oliver. You’re not coming in right now. I need to think. You just said that you’re perfectly fine ignoring me in public. I’m NOT alright with that. So go home and leave me alone for a bit.”
Taking a shuddering breath, I continue, “That you want to keep us a ‘secret’ or whatever this is? I don’t get you. I just had the best orgasm of my life with a great guy, and you ruined it!” 
He leans in close to my face, looking me deeply in the eyes, “We’re not done, not by a long shot. I’ve held off for years, but I’m not doing it anymore. You’re mine Sage,” and he kisses me hard before turning around and walking down the steps.
I close the door and make sure to lock it before sliding down the door. Damn it. Why do all guys have to end up being assholes? 
I feel Becca’s demon cat Lucifer curling between my legs meowing. “Hey Luci, how are things?” I ask as I bend down to pick him up. 
Luci is a Maine Coon cat, very majestic looking, very fluffy, and only tolerates Becca on a regular basis, but on days where I’m feeling lost, he’s always there for me to cuddle. “What do you think? Oliver worth it?” I only getting a purr in response, so I go to sit on the living room couch and cuddle with him. 
“Why can’t the man figure out what he wants?” As expected, there is no response, and the rumble of Luci’s purr permeates the room.



Chapter 4

Oliver



I’m off today, and I normally don’t go to Deja Brew on my days off, but after last night, I don’t think I have a choice. I had a taste of Sage, an honest to God taste, and I want more. Oh, who the hell am I kidding, I just want to see her. I want to see if I can make her blush again. I want to make her laugh. I want to smell her cherry scent. 
Looking at the clock next to my bed, I know they’ve been open for a while already, so I’m hoping they aren’t too busy. Jumping up, I get a quick shower and brush my teeth. I don’t worry about shaving, because that would just take more time, and I’m getting excited at just the thought of seeing Sage. Yeah, my little buddy gets excited too. I had to take care of that myself last night thinking of Sage naked on the counter, legs spread wide, and crooking a finger at me in a come-hither fashion while her hair tumbled all around her breasts. One day soon that will be happening again.
I walk out of my house and head to the same Jeep I’ve had since high school. I can remember all the girls I have had in this baby during that time, even though nothing ever happened in this Jeep. I think deep down, I’ve only ever imagined doing things with Sage. At the time I had to settle for baking dates with her, because Mary is so damn protective and the “bro code.” I’m not going to let that stop me anymore. Mary can go to hell. 
I’m driving along the road toward Deja Brew when speak of the devil, Mary calls. “Didn’t we just talk yesterday? I know I’m picking you up and didn’t forget.”
Laughing, Mary responds, “I know. I just wanted to see if you could check in on Sage for me? I called her this morning, and she was acting odd and for probably the first time ever she wanted to get off the phone. Even at work, she’ll talk my ear off, but not today,” he trails off with a concerned sigh.
Mary doesn’t realize it, but he just gave me a reason to smile. “Sure can. I’m actually heading to Deja Brew right now to give the girls some of my one-of-a-kind awesomeness. Anything in particular you want me to dig for and report back?”
“Nah. Just make sure she’s ok. You’re like a brother to her, so just make sure all is good.”
And that statement just tore me down. Brother? Yeah, that’s not what was going through my head last night when my head was between her naked legs, but I digress. Clearing my throat, I go, “Yeah, sure. Want me to find out if she’s interested or dating anyone while I’m at it? I can try to be a girlfriend if you want.”
“Dude, you’re already her girlfriend what with your bake nights. When I’m in town we’re going to have to get you some chick to have some fun with.”
“Well, I’m sort of working on one right now…,” I allude to him.
“You don’t say? Why haven’t I heard of her? Name? She got big tits?” Mary has always had a one-track mind.
“Damn it Mary, chill. I’ll let you know later alright?”
“No big deal, it’s not set in stone so we can still go enjoy ourselves with others!” 
I cringe because he doesn’t realize that he’s telling me to cheat on his sister, even though we’re not a thing officially yet. But I have to know more. Trying for nonchalant, I ask, “What would you say to a guy your sister is interested in? Would you want to go out to the bar to pick chicks up if it were him?”
“For one, bro code. No guy interested in my sister would be my friend. For two, if he tried to be my friend, I would kick his ass for even thinking it’s alright to step out on Sage.”
“Well, then why would it be any different for this chick that I’m interested in?” 
“Because it’s Sage. Need I say more?”
And my hopes are dwindling for telling Mary that I want, have wanted Sage for as long as I can remember. He would never accept it. My day is turning to Shitsville. I never should have gone there.
“No, I guess not,” By this point, I just want to get off the phone, “Hey I just pulled up to Deja Brew. I’ll let you know what’s up when I pick you up alright? Still surprising Sage and the girls?”
“Yeah, I still need to pack up, but it won’t take long.”
“Cool, talk to you later.”
“Bye,” and with that Mary hangs up.
Pulling into a parking spot down the road from Deja Brew, I rest my forehead on the steering wheel. Damn it. What am I going to do? I’m going to lose someone either way. Can I let go of Sage and everything we could have? If I don’t, I lose Mary, but Sage could lose Mary as well. This is a lose-lose situation no matter how I look at it.
“Knock, knock, handsome,” I look up to see Noelle jumping in the passenger seat and looking at me questioningly.
I force a smile, “Hey gorgeous, how you doing? Quinn make it to school alright?”
She waves a hand in the air, “Yep, he sure did. He refused to hug me this morning,” she says and starts to sniffle. 
I put my arm around her shoulders and laugh, “Seems like Quinn is growing up!”
“I know, but I’m not ready for it! He’s my baby!”
“Noelle, he’s like six years old. Please, for the love of God, and your son’s street cred, do not call him baby in front of his friends,” I say dramatically.
Laughing, Noelle shakes her head, “Street cred? What is this the 1950s? He’s six!”
“Yeah, but still. Just watch it. That boy is growing, and you have to grow with him.”
Smiling up at me, Noelle asks, “When did you get so smart?”
“Ma’am you’re talking to an officer of the law. Please refrain from making disparaging comments.”
“Yeah, yeah, you forget though that I saw you, Jake, and Mary streak naked through the town square for a stupid bet one time in high school!”
Gasping and holding my hand to my chest, “I would never do that! I’m so far above that childish behavior and would never stoop so low!”
“Hmmm, what about the time Becca, Sage, and I caught you guys comparing the size of your cocks?”
“We were eight years old woman! Eight! You can’t hold our past against us!”
“Are you sure about that?” Noelle is giggling like a schoolgirl, and it’s nice to see this side of her since it rarely comes out. She’s usually so focused and is a great mom, but she needs more time, a break away from being a mom. 
“Yeah, I am. Statute of Limitations has ran out on that, take it from your local police officer.”
“Oh damn, I was hoping to share more good intel!” she teases before cocking her head, “Oh well. You heading to Deja Brew?”
“Yep, thought I would go and annoy y’all for a bit. I got nothing else to do.”
“Are you sure it’s to annoy all of us, or just one of us? Say a tall willowy brunette?”
“What are you getting at Noelle?”
“You know what I mean Ollie, don’t play dumb oh humble officer of the law. I know you’ve been torturing our dear friend for the past couple of years, if not longer. Come clean, how long have you wanted her?”
“I have no clue who or what you’re talking about,” I say, panicking. I know I wasn’t that obvious.
“Yes, you do. Why don’t you go for it? You won’t know how she feels until you do.”
Oh boy, yeah, I would, and she’s the hottest thing I’ve ever held in my arms. “I can’t. Bro code and all that. It would ruin too many, and Mary would beat the ever-loving shit out of me. So how about I just admire from afar,” yeah like that would work.
Noelle seems to be reading my mind, “And how has that ‘admiring from afar’ been working for you?” she asks using air quotes, before snorting, “Screw Mary. He doesn’t know or see anything but himself anyways. Go for it. I know for a fact you don’t come in to flirt with me.”
“But it’s nice,” I interject.
“Yeah, that one time I walked into her apartment to get some reports and found you two sucking face?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Then there was the kiss I walked in on at your parents’ house for a barbecue where Sage was pinned against a tree and you were holding her up…with your body,” and she slaps me on the shoulder, “Do you know how many questions I had to field from Quinn that day?”
“I have no clue what you’re talking about,” I say as sweat starts to bead my brow. I could have sworn I was more careful than that.
Noelle snorts, “Please, I know what you two have been up to. If I thought for a single second you were interested in me, I would kick your ass. Sage would, oh shit,” as she stops herself and jumps out of the jeep and starts walking to Deja Brew.
Quickly getting out myself and running up to her, I sling my arm around her shoulders, “So Noelle, what were you going to say about dear old Sage,” continuing to walk her toward Deja Brew.
Noelle stops and turns a concerned look on me, “Ollie, you know you can hurt her right? If you do something, anything with her, just make sure you do it with her best interests in mind. If you don’t see anything working out with her, walk away and do it now. Stop the bake dates because you’re torturing her. And just for your information, as a police officer, you sure are dense if it has taken you this long to see it. Then again, you haven’t, have you? I had to tell you?” 
We’re at the doorway to Deja Brew now, and looking through it, I see Sage smiling and talking to some dude. A sharp stab of jealousy runs through me seeing that, and I immediately think She’s mine! Rubbing my chin, I feel the scruff, and glance at Noelle. “So it’s go big or go home, right?”
Hesitantly, she says “Yes.”
With that, I nod and hold the door open for her before walking straight up to the counter. Sage’s eyes practically bugged out of her head when she saw me walk in, and I can see the panic in her movements as I get closer. “Hey Sweetheart. Can I get my usual?”
Looking confused, Sage looks behind me at Noelle, who I know is probably there with a shit eating grin on her face. Sage’s eyes come back to me. “Let me finish this gentleman’s order, and I’ll get whatever you want situated.”
“Oh no I’ll get that for you darling,” Noelle says as she rounds the counter to take Sage’s spot, her eyes going from me to Sage and back again. Sage relays the order to her, and the so-called gentleman who had only moments ago been leering at Sage has an even bigger leer when he sees that Noelle is serving him.
Turning to me, Sage begins, “I don’t know what-,”
And I’m kissing her over the counter. Nothing is touching but our lips, but as I pull back slightly, Sage follows me, keeping the kiss going, and her hands come up to wrap around my neck. Tilting my head, I quickly take it deeper, sliding my tongue along hers. We’re kissing for who knows how long when I suddenly hear a throat being cleared. Or is it throats?
“Hey Noelle, I don’t think the Health Inspector would like this one bit. Nope not at all. Getting Ollie all over the place, just not sanitary I would say,” I hear Becca say with a laugh in her voice.
Sage jerks away from me, barely making eye contact before she rests her forehead on my chin while trying to catch her breath before looking back up at me. “What did you just do? Why? You can’t just change rules or anything whenever you want! You said last night-,”
“Last night?” Noelle interjects. “When last night?” and she’s looking at me with a knowing light in her eyes. 
“Last night when I was here watching Sage bake,” I quickly cover for us.
“Sage Marin, please explain yourself to us,” Becca bites out.
Instead Noelle steps in, “I got a call from the security company about a fire alarm going off, and Sage said she left some muffins in the oven too long. However, she didn’t mention anything about Lover Boy here being with her at the time.”
Sighing, Sage looks at me, “Yeah, he was here. We kissed in the kitchen, and I forgot about the muffins.”
Snorting, Becca says, “That’s not all you did.”
Three sets of eyes, mine included, look at her, but I’m the only one that says something. “What do you mean Becca?”
“Um, well, you both know that I still live upstairs with Sage, right? We share an apartment?”
Sage is the one to respond with a roll of her eyes, “No shit Sherlock, why?”
Becca nods her head at Noelle, “She called me saying she had talked to you, but that you sounded weird. So, I went down to check on you. Um, I only looked in the window, and well...”
“You saw us?”
“Well, sort of?”
Sage is standing there dumbstruck and blushing, “You literally saw us.”
“Yeah…,” Becca is growing more nervous.
Noelle waves her hand, “I didn’t see you, what did she see?” 
“I can’t believe you would spy on me Becca?!” Sage is in full blown freak out mode.
“I wasn’t spying! Noelle was worried and said you sounded weird, so I came down to check on you! How was I supposed to know you would be there bare ass naked and him,” Becca announced, pointing a finger at me, “with his shirt off and pants about to fall off!” 
“Hmmm, well this is interesting and juicy information,” Roni jumps in having been listening to everything, “But, and I may be stepping out on a limb here, maybe you should talk about this in the office?” 
Noelle is the first to become aware of our surroundings and sees our customers watching us with avid interest. She grabs Sage by the arm and starts to drag her to her office, while Becca follows behind and I bring up the rear. Before we get too far, Noelle heads back to the front. “Alright Roni, when everyone leaves, turn the sign to closed and come on back. We got some shit to figure out, so until then…”
Roni salutes Noelle, “Right O, Captain!” Causing Noelle to huff out a laugh before turning away.
Once we’re all piled in her small office, Noelle takes the lead. “So, am I to understand our talk in your jeep not 15 minutes ago was pointless?” She asks me as she sits behind her desk and crosses her legs with her hands clasped together on the desk.
“What do you mean? What does she mean?” Sage is looking around rather nervously.
Noelle smirks at me but talks to Sage. “It seems like Ollie here is interested in you.”
“Yes, as a sister…,” Sage is grabbing at straws trying to cover tracks or something I have no clue, so I walk up and wrap my arms around her. “Noelle knows Sweetheart,” and nodding at Becca I add, “I think Becca does as well.”
Snorting, Becca says “What? That you two have been in –,”
“One more word Becca and I’m shoving one of those burnt muffins down your throat!” Sage says. Damn I love how blood thirsty she can be.
“Sheesh, just saying,” is all Becca said.
Noelle is looking at us with a question though. “I think I can speak for both Becca and I when I say we’re excited for you two,” she begins hesitantly, “but how’s this going to work with Mary? What’s he going to think of this?”
Sighing, I run my hands through my hair. “He told me he would never approve of a friend dating Sage,” I say looking at her. 
“When did you talk to Mary? Did you tell him about about us?” Sage looks a little green and is holding her arms to her stomach like she’s trying to keep from vomiting.
Taking Sage’s face in my hands, “No, Sweetheart, I didn’t. It was hypothetical. He was worried because you didn’t really talk to him this morning. One thing led to another, and here we are.”
“And you still want to keep this a secret?” 
“Yeah-,” I begin but am interrupted by Noelle, “Wait, what? You want to keep this a secret? What the hell is wrong with you Ollie?”
“I have to agree with Noelle. Besides, how much can you hide?” Becca interjects, adding, “Between last night, the time I caught you tugging her under the mistletoe last Christmas constantly, and you just came in here and kissed her in front of the busiest busybodies of the town, just how do you think you can hide this?”
“Becca’s right,” Noelle said. “You two haven’t been discreet. I’m sure if we ask more people, they’ll have their own stories to share.”
“I saw them in his jeep behind the supermarket,” Roni volunteers as she walks in. “He grabbed her and dragged her onto his lap. Looks like she was trying to look like she was fighting, but not really. And that kiss. Whew, they steamed his windows up really good!” Roni is fanning herself by the time she’s finished.
“Ollie, it’s not an option. You have to tell Mary,” Noelle adamantly argues.
Sage is looking at me with panic in her eyes. Leaning close to her, “It’ll be fine. We’ll be fine. I promise,” I say as I turn completely to face her. Intertwining our fingers together, I continue, “We got this.”
Squeezing my fingers, Sage responds, “I know, but I also know how important family and friends are. It makes me wonder where I am in the whole scheme of things.”
“Where am I for you?” I ask her. I know it’s not fair to ask, but I do it anyways. Lucky for Sage Becca buts in, ‘You’re not going to bully her into saying anything until you admit it to yourself.” 
“She’s right,” Noelle says. “You need to leave though, as this is a place of business.”
The ladies watch me, waiting for me to do something. Sighing, I grab Sage and kiss her one more time before walking out. 
All day all I think about is how in the hell do I tell Mary how I feel about Sage.



Chapter 5

Sage



It’s the end of a long day from hell. Noelle has been smirking at me the entire day, Becca’s not talking to me, and I’m angry at Oliver. Maybe more confused? I don’t know but he better figure his shit out. Tells me one thing, then does another. And what is going on with Noelle acting all motherish? 
I don’t even want to see Oliver this evening to bake. Who am I kidding? If it ends up like last night, I would be all over it again. No, I need to be strong here until I figure out what’s happening. But I don’t want to talk to him. I want to ask Becca, but she still isn’t talking to me after she left early. 
Sucking it up, I text Oliver. Hey, I’m not in the mood to bake tonight. Reschedule for tomorrow? And I wait for a response. And I wait. And I wait. Wait some more. I’m standing at the counter helping customers as they come in, my foot tapping, and my fingers drumming on the counter. What the hell?
Me: Hello? I really need a response…you ok?
Finally, 10 minutes later I get a response. I was driving, sorry. No, we’re not rescheduling tonight. I’ll be there at 7. Maybe you got an apron I can wear?
Apron? Oliver never wears an apron. What’s going on? Oliver, come on. I need some space to figure out last night and this morning.
Oliver replies: Yeah, no. You and thinking never ends well for me. Remember how you “thought” you would be “nice” and wash my jeep in high school?
Grinning, I remember back to shortly after our first kiss. At school one day, I had caught him kissing another chick and was jealous. When he showed up at my house to hang out with Mary later on that day after school, Becca and Noelle were already there. Knowing about what they thought was a crush, and how Oliver had kissed the one chick, we started thinking. 
He had just gone mudding the weekend before after a particularly nasty storm, so his jeep was a total wreck. However, it had been nice and sunny in the days that followed, which led to him taking the top off. He had kept making the comment that he needed to get the cheerleaders to wash it, preferably in bikinis. Noelle had volunteered to be there, as she was a cheerleader, and leaned into him. Oliver had looked at me, and then cautiously moved as far away from Noelle as possible to go and stand next to his sister Becca before saying that he would take it to a carwash. 
After him and Mary got situated in Mary’s room playing video games, the girls and I walked out the door with soap, bucket, and rags. We then proceed to wash his jeep, with the top off, making sure to use lots of soap and the hose with an awesome sprayer. Meanwhile, Mary and Oliver were upstairs oblivious as to what was happening. 
After a while, they came downstairs to take off for a bit. 
When Oliver saw his jeep, his eyes automatically turned to me and I swear I saw anger mixed with laughter. I remember that I squeaked and turned to run away but Oliver caught me pretty quick and threw me over his shoulder walking back. Mary had an arm around both Becca and Noelle, Becca looking pretty flushed, while Noelle looked angry. Laughing, Oliver took me upstairs to the bathroom where he dropped me in the shower, turned the cold water on, leaving me screaming as it hit me, and him laughing. 
Jake showed up during that time, rolled his eyes, and set to work cleaning things up. I was the only one soaking wet, so decided to get back at Oliver. As we were all cleaning the jeep, I turned the hose on him, and at that point a water war started. Buckets of water were poured on people, another hose came from the back, and soon everyone was wet. Oliver took one look at me, said his car looked fine enough, and rushed inside. He came out a couple minutes later with his keys and took off on his own. 
I didn’t see him much after that around the house. Which makes me wonder. I remember. You stopped coming around for a bit after that. Mary would still see you, but I only saw you at school. Were you that mad at me?
Oliver is slow to respond, but finally I get, It wasn’t that I was mad.
I can imagine him running his hands through his short hair making it stand up in all kinds of directions. Then why? We stopped our baking sessions for a long time after that. I missed you…
Oliver: You remember our kiss?
Me: Yeah….
Oliver: You remember what I did when I saw my jeep that day?
Me: You carried me and threw me in a cold ass shower you dick!
Oliver: LOL, yeah, I did. But…you were wet, and you were wearing a pair of thin short cotton shorts. And a tank top, again thin. 
Me: So? 
Oliver: Sage, you were wet! I was turned on! I was fighting to not grab you.
Hmmm…this is news to me. So you’re saying in high school…
Oliver: That I wanted you? Yes, I did, and ever since.
Me: And you did nothing? 
Oliver: No, I couldn’t.
Me: Why?
His answer was very simple. Bro code.
I swear this whole bro code thing is total bullshit. What is it with guys? That’s bullshit. Bro code didn’t stop you from doing anything.
Oliver: Yeah, it did. I didn’t want to lose a friend, and if things didn’t work out between us, I would lose you and a friend at the very least. Probably everyone at the most. Besides Jake scares me, he could kick my ass you know.
Very true. Jake is big and badass. But I always feel safe when he was around. I’m sitting there thinking about this when another text comes through.
Oliver: I got an errand to run. I WILL be there to pick you up at 7…
Pick me up? What does that mean? Whatever. K…see you then. 
I still have no answers.



A couple hours later I’m upstairs getting baking supplies ready with Lucifer, Becca’s Maine Coon crazy ass cat better known as Luci, when Oliver shows up. He’s dressed alright, in a pair of tan cargo shorts and a Dunder Mifflin tee I picked up for him that reflects our joint of The Office and stretches across his chest (drool worthy I tell you!), but definitely not ready to bake, not to mention his hair is gelled back, an unusual occurrence for him unless he’s working. Meanwhile I’m standing there in a pair of loose sweats and a t-shirt that hangs off one shoulder (both of which were stolen from him), and my hair is piled into some weird bun thing to keep it out of the way. 
“Um, Oliver, aren’t you a wee bit dressed up for baking? I mean really, you have gel in your hair!”
“Yeah, but change of plans. I need you and Becca to get dressed. We’re gonna go blow off some steam,” he says as he dodges Luci’s swipe at him. Luci does not like men and is very possessive of all us girls and Quinn. 
“I want to bake. I printed out ideas for us to try...,” I really hate last minute changes to my plans. Plus getting ready to go out will take me a while.
“Don’t care,” he responds as he turns me toward my room with a small push and a smack to the ass. “Becca!!!”
As I’m walking in a daze toward my room, because I mean really, Oliver just spanked me, Becca’s head pops out of her room, “What’s up big bro?” She tosses a look at me.
“We’re going out, get your ass dressed. Noelle is waiting for us.”
“Noelle’s going out with us?” Becca starts to smile and looks at me with excitement in her eyes. We’ve both been trying to get her to go out more, but she always uses Quinn as an excuse. 
“Yep, so let’s not waste time, ok? Quinn is going to be spending the night at his grandparents.”
Becca turns around and slams her door yelling, “Give me 10 minutes!!!”
I proceed to finish heading into my room, but before I can close the door, Oliver is there, pushing in and closing the door behind him. He leans back against it watching me as I stand in the middle of my room. Sighing, I can only ask “What?”
“Nothing,” and he pushes himself off the door and comes toward me. When he’s right in front of me, he leans toward me and kisses me, raising his hands to hold my face in place. As he continues to kiss me, changing his method up with licks of his tongue and nibbles to my lips, my hands come up and grasp his wrists. It’s a gentle kiss, but I feel like he’s trying to tell me something. Breaking the kiss, he leans his forehead against mine (damn but this has happened a lot in the past couple of days), he takes a deep breath before leaning back.
“Been wanting to do that since I left this morning. Missed you,” and he kisses me again, quickly, before walking to the door. Looking back at me with his smirk in place, because I’m sure I’m still standing there confused. “Get ready Sage, the clock is ticking, and Becca is probably almost ready.”
Snapping out of it, I grab a pillow and throw it at him. “Get out of here!”
Laughing, he walks up to me and tugs on the shirt, “Like the outfit…wasn’t this mine?” before he steals another kiss and walks out of my room.
After a second, I spring into action. While pulling clothes out, Becca slips in. She’s got on one of her signature dresses, it’s a lovely brown and blue paisley print dress that buttons all the way down the front and makes her eyes seem bluer than normal, and her hair and makeup all done up. 
Meanwhile, I’m standing there in my bra and panties, but we’ve been friends for so long that it’s perfectly normally for us to see each other in only our underwear. Now, completely naked? Yeah, that’s a different thing altogether. 
“Hey Sage? I’m sorry if I seem angry and have been avoiding you.”
“I know. What I don’t know is why you’re angry at this. It makes no sense.”
“I didn’t know you guys had actually progressed to that!” she blurts out. “I only ever see you two baking. Nothing sexual except for the looks you guys throw each other when you think no one is looking, and the kisses that never seemed to go any further. Then I come down because I’m worried about you to find you naked in front of my brother. What would you do? How would you react?”
“Well, first, I don’t want to picture anyone with my brother. Gross,” as I shudder with a pained look across my face. “Secondly, I would also just accept it. It’s gotta happen at some point. Plus,” and I lower my voice to a whisper here, “you know how I have felt about Oliver for almost my entire life!”
“I just felt like you were hiding something or even lying to me.”
Quietly I say “I couldn’t tell anyone it had gone that far before because it hadn’t until last night! And then he asks me to keep this between us? What is that? Your brother is a douche bag for asking me that!” Then I raise my voice so Oliver can hear me, “You hear that, Oliver? You’re a total douche bag!!!”
From the living room I hear, “Yeah, a total douche bag who wants you and your body!” causing me to growl at the door.
Focusing back on Becca, I see her smiling. “What?”
Still smiling, “Oh, it’s just that I have never seen you like this. I mean I know you have had a crush on Ollie forever, but yeah, this is a whole new you. And Ollie has had a smile all day I’m thinking if seeing him just now is anything to go by.”
Mumbling under my breath, “Well we’ll see how he is when we’re out in public.” Then raise my voice so Becca can hear me, “Get out and let me find something to wear!”
“Wear those low-cut jeans with the dark green top. You know the one that only goes over one shoulder?”
Looking at her, “I guess that’s as good as any. Thanks.”
Getting dressed quickly, I do my makeup and hair. When I walk out, I find Becca cuddling Luci while he is growling at Oliver. Both of them are talking about a barbecue at their parents’ house this weekend. I already know about this, because all our parents are friends too, so all of us will be going once people are done with their work for the day. So for us girls, it’ll be in the evening when it actually goes down.
“Alright I’m ready,” as I grab my purse to sling over my shoulder. I’m looking in it to make sure I have everything when I see a pair of large feet directly in front of mine. Looking up, there’s Oliver. “Why are you always in my space,” I say grumpily.
Tucking a wayward strand of hair behind my ear, he kisses me. When he pulls back, I look over his shoulder at Becca who’s laughing. “OMG you two, can you just stop. It’s getting disgusting,” and walks out the door.
“Guess we need to get going,” and he grabs my hand to lead me out the door. He waits for me to lock the door before taking my hand again and preceding me down the steps. Becca is in the back seat of Oliver’s jeep when we approach. He opens the passenger door for me and helps me in before jogging around the front. After he’s buckled up and shifted into gear, getting us on our way to the bar, he grabs my hand and intertwines our fingers again. I see him smiling in the mirror, so I turn around and see Becca roll her eyes.
Laughing, I decide to ask really quick, “Why the change in plans? You know I like to bake. Becca could have joined us, since she doesn’t have a date, for once.”
Becca’s face pinkens, “Hey now. I like to date. Too bad there isn’t anyone that can handle this hot body of mine.”
“Becca, hello? Brother here. Let’s not talk about anyone’s hot body please,” then he looks at me and smiles, “I take that back, talk about Sage’s all you want.”
Flushing, I’m at a loss for words, and Becca just snickers in the backseat. The rest of the drive, we talk about Deja Brew, and how there may be a couple of things we may try. 
Reaching Crockett’s, we walk to the front, Oliver still holding my hand. Crockett’s is an interesting bar. It’s got an eclectic vibe, mixing modern with 1950s with rustic. No one really knows what’s happening there, but everyone loves it. All the tables and chairs are different, but the owner, crotchety old Mr. Landon keeps it shiny.
Oliver squeezes my hand tight and throws a smile at me before letting it go and walking in front of us. I see Noelle sitting at a table with some guy judging from the lean build sprawled in the chair and backwards hat. She’s wearing some tight top that shows off her cleavage. Now there’s a girl with an awesome body. Nothing is too little or too big on her, she’s just perfect. Even her smile is, although, looking at her right now I see that she’s glaring at the other person, not talking at all, and just rolling her beer between her hands. When she sees us, her eyes show relief. 
I walk up to her and hug her. But then I turn around and see who’s with her. “OMG!!! Mary? What are you doing here?” I don’t realize it, but I’m screaming and shoving everyone out of my way. When I reach Mary, I throw my arms around him and hug him. “When did you get here? You weren’t supposed to be here for a couple of weeks!! Are you ok? Did something happen? How long are you going to stay?”
Laughing and hugging me back, Mary goes, “Sage, chill. I can only answer one thing at a time. Got here today,” and nodding his head at me he continues, “Ollie picked me up a little while ago so I can surprise you.” Then, looking at Noelle, he clears his throat, “I’m here to stay for a long while I’m thinking.”
Looking at Noelle, who just looks at him angrily, I wonder why Mary always wants to push her buttons. He was always doing it in high school. But as far as I know they haven’t been in contact since we graduated. In fact, she purposefully avoids him, and has never taken us up on offers to go watch him play. 
Then I turn my focus to Oliver, and I slap him on the arm, “You knew! That’s why you changed our plans!!!”
“Hey! That’s assault on a police officer!” laughing, he then points at Mary, “But yeah, it was his idea though.”
I dig my finger into Mary’s side, before announcing, “First rounds on me!!!” and I take a seat pulling Mary down into the seat next to me. Becca sits on his other side, and Noelle and Oliver across from us. Watching, I see Noelle continuing to glare at Mary, not saying anything, Mary has a grin on his face directed at Noelle, and Oliver is watching me, but not being obvious about it. 
We spend the night talking about things and continue drinking. We’re a couple of drinks into the night when Mary asks me, “So you seeing anyone?”
Becca chokes on her drink, Noelle just smirks at him, and Oliver freezes in his seat. Looking at Oliver, he’s very slightly shaking his head no at me. Where his feet had been playing with mine before, they pull away as soon as that question is asked. A shiver of unease goes down my back, and I know that Oliver isn’t going to do anything. He didn’t even get out the starting gate before he gave up on me, on us. I see it now. How embarrassing.
Frowning at him, I turn to Mary, “I thought I was, but apparently not. The guy is a douche, and I told him as much recently.” I hear Noelle gasp at my announcement, and watch as she turns to Oliver, followed by Oliver yelping. Good, Noelle must have dug her nail into his side. Good friends are hard to find.
“Sorry to hear that. Do I need to kick some ass?”
Smirking, I see Oliver out the side of my eye go still. “Nah, he’s not worth it, nor is he worth my time or this conversation. Did you know I have a date Friday night?”
Becca and Noelle look confused, because they know we have a girls’ night that night, but they don’t say anything. But Oliver leans closer, “I thought that was over with?”
Picking up my drink, I look at him, “You thought wrong,” and I proceed to finish off the drink before ordering another. Screw this. I’m going to get drunk tonight and have fun with my friends. Mary and Oliver can go to hell, trying to decide my life. 
Men are such assholes.



Chapter 6

Oliver



I hear my alarm going off, which means it’s a workday. As I sit up, I stop and put my head in my hands to wait for a wave of nausea to pass, followed by a sharp pain that rips through my head. All of this while trying to figure out what happened last night. I remember Sage looking hot as sin and wanting to take her home. But that was pretty early in the evening. She was excited to see Mary. Called a guy that she was interested a douche. 
The douche? Yeah, that’s me. I royally fucked up last night when I didn’t tell Mary about us, or at the very least my interest in his sister. Damn it. I lay down on my back, pulling a pillow over my head while trying to figure out the rest of the night, but after a minute my pillow is pulled off my head, and Mary is standing over me.
“Hey sunshine, time to wake up! You gotta work today!” How in the hell can he have a smile on his face this early in the morning? And so loud!
“Tone it down asshole,” I snarl.
“Nope, I’m awake, so get up!”
“Dude, I got time. I don’t have to be at work until 8. It’s barely 5:30,” I want to remember what happened last night before I see Sage again. I just need some time.
“If you don’t have to be at work until 8, then why are you waking up so early?” Looking at him through cracked eyes, I can see the question in his eyes.
“Every workday I go by Deja Brew right before they open to bother the girls and get a caramel macchiato.” I don’t need to tell him that I share Sage’s. “I also tend to flirt with Noelle for fun, say hey to her son, that kind of thing.”
“Huh, you interested in Noelle?” Again, looking at Mary, he’s looking everywhere but at me, his hands fiddling with the keys in his hand.
“Nah, I just like to mess with her. She knows the game. She even flirts back sometimes. It’s all in good fun.” 
“What about her boyfriend? Doesn’t that bother him?”
“Boyfriend? Noelle doesn’t have a boyfriend. Now can you leave me in peace for a couple while I fill in the blanks from last night?” I feel like shit, and this talk is not helping matters out.
“You don’t remember? Anything?”
“No Mare, go away.”
I hear some movement and my bed dips on one side. Cracking my eyes open, I’m obviously facing the wrong direction, so I turn my head over and see Mary sitting on a chair with his feet propped on my bed. He has a smirk on his face. This can’t be good.
“So, where to start? You started flirting with Noelle, which pissed her off to no end and told you to go peddle your shit somewhere else,” Holding his hand up, he adds “her words not mine. Then you started flirting with Sage, which what the fuck dude? We talked about that. Leave my sister alone. You can’t play like that. She obviously just ditched this one dude and has a date with another. Anyways, Becca got pissed at you and slapped you upside the back of your head and told you to figure your shit out before grabbing both girls and taking them away, where all three proceeded to go have fun with some other guys.” 
Cringing, Mary continues, “I never want to see my sister dance like that with a guy ever again,” as he fake vomits. “While they were dancing you proceeded to go get shit faced drunk at the bar while glaring at the dance floor. I ended up bringing you back home. So, if you want a ride in, I can give you one.”
Taking a deep breath, knowing I have my work cut out for me, I say, “Nah, my patrol car is on the road remember? I drive that to and from work, and leave it parked on the road to keep undesirables from doing stuff in the neighborhood.”
“Ah. Well, I’m awake and done with my homebound physical therapy. How about you get up and everything and we can meet at Deja Brew? You say you do it anyways.”
Groaning, I sit up in bed, “Fine since you’ve talked my ear off. Quick question though about last night.”
“Yeah?”
“Did I do anything with any chick? I want to make sure I didn’t make an ass out of myself.”
Laughing so hard he was bent forward, Mary said, “Dude you were so fixated on watching the girls that you ignored every other chick that approached us. Some wingman you are.”
“Hey, I take protecting them very seriously. Those are our sisters!” My head is pounding massively now.
“Yeah, and Jake and I appreciate it. But don’t let watching them keep you from finding someone to have fun with,” and with that, Mary walks out of my bedroom.
Getting up and ready is relatively quick. Before getting in the shower, I stop to look at myself in the mirror. Not a pretty sight, with red eyes and a headache from hell making me squint in pain. I grab some Tylenol out of my cabinet, swallowing them dry, get my shower done, and am dressed in my uniform ready to go. I’m nervous as hell, not knowing what happened last night as I head out of my room. 
Seeing Mary in the kitchen, I tell him “I’m passing on Deja Brew today. Just not feeling it.” Walking to my Keurig, I make myself a cup of coffee. “I got some paperwork to do anyways, so it’ll be best to get it done early.”
“You sure? If so, then I’ll blow it off too. I wouldn’t mind going and jumping in that pool you got there.”
“Go for it,” I say as I sit at the table. I realize I left my phone somewhere, probably in my pants from last night. Finishing up my coffee I go to grab it while Mary changes his clothes for the pool. When I unlock it, I see a bunch of texts from the girls. Shit, this can’t be good.
Noelle: What the hell is your problem??? Becca told me you were great at the apartment, but get to the bar and you turn into a complete asshole? 
Becca: OK, I have no clue what’s going on with you and Sage, but I’m sitting here listening to her drunk cry while talking about what an asshole you are and how you confuse her. I swear, Noelle and I are going to talk to Jake and get him on you if you keep this up.
 Noelle: You will regret this, I know you will, but you have to pull your head out of your ass!!!
Becca: Noelle and I talked and we’re going to talk to Jake and get him on you if you keep this up. 
Becca: You cannot make my friends cry!!!
Becca: Sage was right…you ARE a douche.
And lastly, Sage: I can’t do this anymore. 
Sage: You keep flip flopping, and it’s annoying me, and we have only done something together for two days. 
Sage: Three times you’ve switched back and forth and I’m so dizzy. I don’t like this. Please, just leave me alone.
Looking at the times, Noelle’s was sent at 1 in the morning, Becca’s shortly after, and Sage’s was sent right around 5:30 when I woke up. Becca’s text scares the shit out of me, because Jake is a big guy, completely opposite from his sister, because Noelle is petite. Noelle is feisty though. And I would let her kick my ass because I probably deserved it.
Sage’s text though. I’m rubbing my chest reading them over and over. Becca said she was crying, and it was my fault. I need to fix this. But how? I have to go to Deja Brew, but Mary can’t go with me. I need to fix this before I make it worse and having Mary around will only make things worse. Running out the door, I yell “Hey Mary, I’m out, help yourself to anything!” and I slam the door behind me.



I find a parking spot a couple shops down the road from Deja Brew and take a deep breath. I have no clue what I’m going to do in there, but I have to do something. Getting out of the car, I run my hand down my face, and start walking forward, making sure my sunglasses are in place. Looking inside Deja Brew, I see the girls are all sitting at their usual table, drinking their coffee and eating some pastries. 
When I go for the door, I find it locked, which is unusual. They normally leave it open for me because they know when I come in. Noelle looks at me and smirks but makes no move to get up. I roll my eyes and she starts to smile, but still doesn’t move. Becca is scowling at me. For being my little sister, she sure does have a scary scowl. I try not to piss her off if I don’t have to, but judging from her looks right now, I pissed her off good. This is cemented by her not getting up to let me in. 
Sage must have noticed their looks because she turns around and sees me. Looking at her, despite the red eyes that are still puffy, probably from the crying Becca said she was doing, she’s still gorgeous. But Sage isn’t making a move to get up. In fact, she turns away from me. I pound my fist on the glass and yell, “Sage, get your ass over here right now!!!”
Yeah, I’m ignored by all three women. So I resort to childish behavior in kind. I just keep knocking on the glass. When that doesn’t work, and I’m getting frustrated, I push my glasses back on my head and rest the palm of my hand flat against the window. Not looking at the other two, my eyes looking directly at the back of Sage’s head, I say loud enough, “Sage, please, we need to talk.”
My hope rises when I see her stand up, but she doesn’t turn to me. Instead she goes to the back, completely ignoring me. Damn it, she didn’t even look at me! Fuck! I bang on the glass with my fist.
Quinn comes bounding out, and I watch as he and Noelle get ready to leave. As she walks to the door, I see my chance to get in. Instead, Noelle stops and looks at me through the window. “You’re not allowed in here right now Ollie. I told you what to do, Becca saw you two, and we both saw how you completely disregarded Sage’s feelings last night and for what? Her brother is there? Man up and grow some balls. You’ve loved that girl since you were sixteen, maybe even before. And you just broke her. I’m not going to let you keep doing that because of some Bro code,” and with that, she turns and walks out the back way, pulling Quinn behind her. 
Banging my fist on the glass with my head down, I look up and see Becca. “Becca, please, can you give her a note at least for me?” 
“What is this junior high? Grow up. Send her a fucking text. Or better yet, call her,” is her response as she turns and walks away.
My head hits the glass, “Damn it!” I yell. “Sage!” I start knocking on the glass hard enough to shake it.
When Roni walks up, I see my chance to get in, until I see she’s shaking her head. She stops at the door and just looks at me. Roni is creepy for all that she looks angelic despite the pale makeup and dark hair with white streaks thrown in with her black clothes. Or maybe it’s that you know under her sweet looks there is a demon waiting. Motioning to the door, I say, “The girls haven’t come out yet. Mind letting me in?” with my sweetest grin.
Snorting, Roni shakes her head. “They’ve already texted me, Officer Ollie. Sorry to say this, but you’re officially banned from Deja Brew. And if you keep banging on the glass like you just were, you’ll be paying for a replacement.”
“What?!” 
“I just relay the messages. You pissed them all off last night, and when I heard about it, I’m pretty pissed too.” Roni then makes a shooing motion with her hands, “Go on, get away. You’re no longer welcome here,” and walks in, making sure to lock the door behind her.
Damn it, could this day get any worse?



Chapter 7

Sage



I need to take up yoga or meditation or something. I haven’t heard from Oliver since seeing him on the sidewalk this morning. That’s a good thing, right? No, it’s not. If he cared, he would have contacted me. Wouldn’t he have? Oh, who am I kidding? The boy, and yes Oliver is a boy, can’t stand up for himself and is a chickenshit. He doesn’t even know what he wants. He wants me, he doesn’t want me. 
Thankfully, Becca and Noelle have been staying away from me. Giving me space maybe? No, that’s not their style. They would be in my face helping me figure things out. Where are they anyways? It’s slow, so I start looking around. I figure Becca is upstairs taking part in her afternoon nap. We should probably help her out more if she would only let us.
Roni is next to me cleaning the counter. “Hey, can you cover for me?”
“Sure. Everything ok?” Roni blows her bangs out of her face, her brown eyes concerned, and almost honey colored against all the darkness on her. 
“I just need some space and want to talk to Noelle.”
Looking around, she waves me away, “go away. If it gets busy, I’ll holler.”
“Great thanks!”
I find Noelle in her office typing away on her laptop. Probably dealing with ordering something. When I knock on the frame she looks up and smiles at me. “I was wondering how long it would take you to come find me.”
“Yeah, I appreciate the space,” and I fall onto the couch laying on my back with an arm thrown over my eyes. 
“Want to talk about it?”
“No. Yes. No. I don’t know!” I think I’m coming across as crazy to Noelle, but all she does is lean back and cross her legs with a smile on her face.
“So, should I tell you how much of a lying POS Ollie is, or should I commiserate and say he’ll come around?”
“I don’t know. I don’t get it. He kisses me in the morning, and by evening he’s completely different. It was the same the night before that!”
“Oh, you mean naked fun time?” She says with an even bigger smile.
“Yeah, sure, whatever works. Naked fun time. That works.”
Getting up and walking around her desk, Noelle sits down on top of my legs. “Ouch, bitch, get your fat ass off me. Can’t you see I’m wallowing here?” But I sit up anyways, pulling my legs under me and resting my cheek in my hand while I look at Noelle.
“Look, I know you like Ollie, maybe more, despite his obvious stupidity,” and when I go to interrupt, she holds up her hand and says, “Let me finish. I know you like him. And I one hundred percent believes he likes you, possibly even loves you. But I want you to think about something.”
Warily, I look at her, “What?”
“When have you ever seen him act stupid, dumb, even douchy over another girl?”
I have to take a minute to think about it. “Well, he’s never brought his girlfriends around me so I can’t really answer that.”
“And that doesn’t tell you something?”
“I just never thought about it honestly,” I say with a shrug of my shoulders.
Rolling her eyes, Noelle continues, “Anyways, he’s brought them around Becca and I, and he never acts that way. Last night he was nervous. Then when you started saying all that crap, he started to get even more nervous, practically panicking. And you stayed away from him, which got him acting damn near crazy. Do you know Mary had to carry him home practically because he was drunk off his ass?”
“Yeah, Mary sent me a bunch of texts already about how he didn’t realize he came home to babysit a cop.”
“Mary always was a baby, it’s nice to see nothing has changed with him,” Noelle snorts before getting on track, “but back to Ollie. Why not talk to him? Get it figured out. You both need to talk. I hate seeing you like this.”
“I don’t know. After he pretty much rejected me at the bar…”
“Pshaw, Ollie’s an idiot. Everyone will agree with that,” and I nod my head in agreement. “But he’s only ever an idiot when you’re around. He makes bad choices because in his dumbass mind he thinks he’s protecting you.”
“What he did was not protect me!”
“I know that Sage, but does he know that? You need to get him to the point where he sees that what he’s doing is hurting you! No one but you can help him see that. Just talk to him!”
Taking a deep breath, I relent. “Fine, I’ll talk to him.”
She leans forward and grabs my hand, “Promise me.”
“Yes, Mom. I promise I’ll talk to him,” I say with a roll of my eyes.
“Don’t let him off the hook. Hold his feet to the fire because that was a dick move he pulled.”
“Like anything will come of this. He won’t change. He thinks we can’t make this work, and Mary isn’t helping.”
“Well, Mary needs to butt out. He isn’t exactly known for his relationships…,” Noelle says with a sneer.
“Yeah,” I say sighing. “I’ll talk to Oliver though.”
“Great, now let’s talk about girls’ night. What are we going to do? I figure the movies, dinner, and finish up at Crockett’s. Quinn will be with my parents all night again, so I’m free and clear!”
“Sounds good, but I have one request…”
“What’s that?”
“Can we go shopping? I think it’s time I change up my wardrobe to reflect, um…”
“Oh, yeah girl!” Noelle starts bouncing in her seat, “Let’s go get you some clothes to go man hunting in!!!”
Cringing, “Geez Noelle, you don’t have to make it sound so…predatory!”
“Ollie needs to be hunted. He also needs to see what he’ll miss if he doesn’t pull his head out of his ass!!!”
My friends always have my back.



Chapter 8

Oliver



Man, it’s been a long ass week. I haven’t seen or heard from Sage since the one morning outside Deja Brew, and Becca told me very politely, as only a smart-ass sister could, and I quote, “Grow the fuck up.” So I was stupid. I have to talk to her. Sure, I could have called or texted, but Sage deserves more, better. I’ve been banned from Deja Brew until I make things better. That doesn’t keep me from stopping by in the hopes of just catching a glimpse of Sage. 
Why can she not understand the position I’m in? Mary has been one of my best friends for as long as I can remember. He put me in charge of looking after Sage while he was gone, for far too long in my opinion. I can’t let him think I abused his trust. 
I haven’t been sleeping for shit, trying to figure out what I have to do in order to make sure everyone, including myself, is happy. Yet here I am Friday night, still racking my brain while Sage is on a damn date with some fucking idiot probably. At least I’m here at work pulling the night shift. Anything to keep me occupied and my mind even a little off what Sage is doing and with who. Oh, fuck this. I have to know.
Me: How are things going?
Becca: Great!!! Having a blast
Me: What are you doing?
Becca: Wait, aren’t you at work? Shouldn’t you be like doing cop stuff? 
Me: It’s a slow night
Becca: Ah, so you text your sister? 
Me: Of course! I love you!
Becca: Yeah sure…what do you really want?
Me: Nothing, just checking on you. We haven’t gotten to spend any time together…
Becca: All your fault. Your head out of your ass yet? Shit!
Me: What?
Becca: Spilled my drink. 
Me: ? So you feel the need to cuss at me?
Becca: Not that it’s any of your business asshole, but we’re out right now blowing off some steam.
Me: We?
Becca: Uh, yeah, Noelle, Roni, and me. 
Me: Where’s Quinn?
Becca: Staying with Noelle’s parents…why?
Me: No biggie just wondering…
Becca: Ah, I get it!!! 
Me: What?
Becca: You want to know about Sage’s date!!!!
Me: Not really.
Becca: Right now, I’m saying he’s pretty damn cute personally.
Me: Wait, what? You’re with her???
Becca: Well technically she’s dancing, and looking damn good too…
Me: She’s dancing? At a bar? With her date? Wth kind of date is this???
Becca: From what I can see the best kind!!!
Shit, she’s dancing. With some dude. At a bar. Sage never dances! She has no rhythm and gets embarrassed!
Me: Send me a pic
Becca: No, now leave me alone. I want to have some fun with Noelle and Roni
Me: Rebecca Marie Turner, send me a god damn pic now!!!
The pic pops up, of her, Roni, and Noelle holding drinks with big smiles on their faces. Where I think it’s good that Noelle is getting out and the girls are having fun, this does not help.
Me: Becca!!! You know damn well I meant of Sage! 
Becca: I think that can wait. She’s looking good. Did you know her and Noelle went shopping?
Oh shit, that can’t be good. Noelle is awesome when it comes to finding clothes for the girls on special days. Knowing this, I can guarantee Sage is done up and looking fine. And I’m not there to see it. Shit, she wasn’t even dressed for me. Yeah, this isn’t going to be a good night at all.
“Turner!”
“Yes captain,” I say standing up to find my captain running his hands through his hair.
“It’s dead as shit here. Go home. This is back-to-back duty for you right?”
“Yes sir.”
“Then get the hell out of here.”
With a smile, I grab my things, and say “You don’t have to tell me twice! See y’all on Sunday!” And take off with a salute.
Before I get to my car, I text Becca: I guess I’ll see you soon
Becca: What does that mean?
Me: Wouldn’t you like to know?
Becca: Ollie…don’t do anything stupid…
Laughing, I can’t wait to see the look on their faces. I bring up Mary’s number and call. When he answers, “Hey dude, shouldn’t you be protecting our wonderful town?”
“Yeah, but the captain let me go for the night. How about we head to Crockett’s?”
“I guess, the girls aren’t responding. Hey, did you know Jake is heading back?”
“Yeah, Noelle had said something a while ago about it. You talk to him?”
“If you call me talking and him grunting then yeah.”
“It’ll be good to have him back. Not just as a friend, but I know his family misses him,” I say as I start my patrol car and head home. 
“Yeah. Did you notice anything with Noelle the other night?”
“Like what? Remember I got pretty wasted, so I don’t remember a lot…” I say chagrined.
“She just seemed angry and tried to avoid me,” he says. “I remember when she used to be all over me with the crush she had on me.”
“The girls are weird. I’ll be home in five. Get your ass dressed, I can’t wait to blow off some steam,” I say.
Snorting, Mary says, “Yeah blow off steam, more like get your ass wasted again.”
“That was a one off. You know I’m not normally like that.”
“Yeah dude. I’ll be ready when you get here so you better hurry up.”
“Cool, see you in a bit,” and I disconnect the call. 



Mary and I get to the bar about forty-five minutes later. Looking around, it’s packed, but Mary being taller spots Noelle, Roni, and Becca first at a table right on the edge of the dance floor. He makes a path for us there and slings his arm around Noelle pulling her in close for a hug. Becca laughs when Noelle digs her finger into his side, effectively getting him to separate himself. He smiles at her before hugging Becca. When I approach, all three look at me in shock then turn their eyes to the dance floor. 
Following their look, I see Sage. I think my tongue falls out of my mouth while my cock rises to the occasion in a painfully obvious way. She’s wearing a barely there mini blue dress, her small breasts pushed up and her ass is peeking out from the bottom, and there is absolutely no panty or bra line. 
I swivel my head to Noelle before looking back to Sage, “What the hell is she wearing?” The girl my eyes are glued to knows how to dance. Sage has no rhythm at all. When did that happen? 
Noelle points that pointy finger of hers at me to get my attention. “I thought you were working?”
“Yeah, slow night, so the captain let me leave. Back to Sage. What is she wearing?”
“And you came here?” All while glaring daggers in Becca and Mary’s direction, the latter of which is completely ignoring Noelle. Literally, she has that look down. It scares me when she turns it on me. Luckily, it’s only happened a couple of times.
“Noelle, is she wearing any kind of underwear at all?!” I’m pleading with her to answer. Roni snorts before heading to the bar. She’s probably going to flirt with the new bartender. I need to check him out, make sure he’s safe. After all Roni is like an adopted sister to us all.  
“Hmmm, now that I think about it, that dress really doesn’t allow for anything does it,” she says with a smirk in my direction before going back to glaring at Mary and Becca. 
“Have you seen the type of guy here?! Any one of them could – “
“Could what Ollie? Cop a feel? Make her feel good? Not treat her like shit? Grow the fuck up. Why don’t you tell me why you’re really here?”
I’m completely caught off guard by Noelle’s rant. “Well... Becca said you two were here having fun, and I haven’t seen you guys since…”
“Oh, since you fucked things up?” She’s smiling in a very sinister way I can tell when my eyes dart back to her quickly before setting their sights on Sage again.
“What’s she doing? I thought she had a date? Is that asshole her date?”
“What if he is?” Becca decides to speak up while her arms are still around Mary’s waist, and he has one arm draped over her shoulders while smirking at Noelle. I see Noelle take a shot, probably of that black licorice tasting shit her and the girls love. I shudder at the thought of even smelling it.
“Becca…,” I say warningly.
“Oh, shut it,” and she leans over the table to be closer to me to say to me in a low voice, “you’re the one who keeps fucking things up. You’ve made one of my friends cry, and you’re the one who’s being an asshole. Have you even tried to contact her since that morning? No, I bet you haven’t.”
Seems like Becca is well on her way to being drunk. Shit. She gets opinionated when she’s drunk, and Noelle becomes jealous and/or possessive. Sage is a flirt, which is why I have to get in the way of things before she does something I know we’ll both regret. With that thought in my head, I rap my knuckles on the table and take off toward Sage, who’s dancing with her ass pressed in some guy’s crotch, and his arms are stroking her sides and stomach, going a little too high and too low in my opinion. That better not be her date.
When I reach them, Sage hasn’t noticed me, dancing sultry like with her eyes closed. Damn it. I pull the guy away and catch her as he didn’t let go of her and tried to take her with him. Instead, I grab her around the waist, pulling her back against me, and while looking at the guy I lean down, pulling her hair to the side and kissing her on the neck below her ear. 
I can tell Sage is smiling. When she smiles, her whole body smiles. Her hands creep up to my hair holding me in place, and she grounds her ass in my already painfully hard cock. The guy is smart at least, and turns away from us, and I allow my smile to take over my face. 
Sage and I dance for a while just like that, just barely swaying while touching each other. Her back to my front. Damn cherry smell is a massive turn on. “Where’d you get the dress?”
“Hmmm, Noelle and I went shopping…,” and she turns to look at me. I finally get my first close up look at her, and I can tell she’s already had too much to drink. I can also see the exhaustion in her eyes, so I bring my hands to her face, my thumbs stroking her cheeks. While we’re still swaying, I lean my forehead to hers, communicating to her how sorry I am, as she grabs hold of my wrists, and we just stay like that for a couple of songs. 
“Where are the girls?” She whispers to me.
“Somewhere with Mary I think,” as I raise my head to look around. Roni is still at the bar getting her flirt on, and the bartender looks like he already halfway in love with her. Noelle is sitting at the table by herself while glaring at Mary and Becca dancing not too far away. I nod my head to Noelle, and I hear Sage, “Uh oh,” when we see Noelle down two shots of Jägermeister.
“What?”
Her hand strokes down my chest and along the waistband of my jeans, she says, “Wait for it.” 
As we watch, Noelle grabs all the bags from the table, including Sage’s, and stomps toward Mary and Becca. She grabs Becca by the arm and pulls her away while Mary is laughing on the other end of Becca. We can literally see Noelle getting angrier as the absurd tug of war continues. “Shit, should we do something?”
“Nah, let them work it out,” is Sage’s cryptic reply. 
“Err, ok,” and Sage continues to rub against me, her mouth ghosting over mine before she raises up to my ear and says, “I’m not wearing panties.”
The blood leaves my face and I break out in a sweat. Looking at her questioningly, I run my hands over her ass and feel nothing, making my earlier assumption correct. The dance floor is crowded, and we’re near a wall in a dark corner, so I turn and push her against it. “Please tell me you’re not here commando with all these guys.”
Smiling, Sage says, “Sorry, can’t say that…,” and she loops her arms around my neck and kisses me. 
I pick her up a little and force myself between her spread legs. My hands are sliding along her thighs, going higher a little bit at a time. Luckily, it’s dark, so no one can see what’s really happening. Sage is making mewling noises in my mouth as our tongues meet, and she presses her chest to mine and hooks a leg over my hip, giving me more access to her body. When I get high enough, I can feel her heat, but I need to make sure. Pushing her dress to her hips, my fingers dive in, feeling her lips spread wide for me, and I can feel how wet she is. Playing around a little, I flick her clit, and slide my fingers along her pussy, spreading her juices. 
“Oh my fucking God you’re so wet Sage,” I say without thinking.
“It’s because I’m thinking about you,” she whispers in my ear. 
Her statement ends on a squeak, or a moan, as I thrust a finger deep into her pussy. As I drag it out, my thumb rubs her clit, and she starts kissing me and running her hands everywhere on my body. I continue to thrust my finger in and out of her as my thumb tortures her clit. As we continue to kiss, I feel her start to strain and I know her orgasm is almost there. And when she shatters on my hand, I cover her mouth to take her muffled screams in my own, my tongue dancing inside. As she relaxes, I release her leg while pulling her dress down, grab her hand, and start pulling her toward the door.
“Where are we going?” Sage asks.
“Somewhere we can be by ourselves. Where do you want to go? My place? Yours?” Honestly, I don’t care where she says. I would be happy with the damn gazebo in the town square. I just have to have her.
She leans into me, holding on to my arm, “Let’s go to your place.”
I take a deep breath because I have never had a chick there. And yet I’m about to bring Sage. And I’m going to want to keep her there. Oh, it’s so on. Then Mary steps in front of me. 
“Hey bro where y’all going?” 
“We were looking for you and the girls,” is my quick response. “I figure they’re done for the night if what I’m witnessing is enough to go on.”
“Yeah, they drove here in Noelle’s car so let’s load them up and get them tucked in,” Shit. I wanted Sage to myself. Fuck fuck fuck. 
“Actually Mary, Oliver said he would drive me home. He wants to apologize, make up, or some such thing,” she says while keeping her eyes on me. “How about you take Noelle’s car, drop Becca and Roni off first, then take Noelle home? You two can bring her car to the coffee house in the morning,” Sage sounds pretty damn sober right now.
Mary looks at us weirdly. I swear I can hear him telepathically telling me bro code. I refuse to listen to that voice though. I have this chance and I’m taking it. “Yeah, that sounds good,” is his response. 
When we reach Noelle’s car, a mid-sized SUV, we load her, Roni, and Becca in, all of whom are singing some Lady Gaga song, and making a fool of themselves. It seems Noelle isn’t as angry as she was a while ago. Good for Mary. 
“I’ll see you at your place in a bit, right?” Mary asks me, or is it more a warning?
“Yeah, I’ll be home in a bit,” How the fuck am I going to do this?
As Mary drives away, I feel Sage’s arms going around me and start stroking my chest. “Why don’t we go get in the jeep? I’ve wanted to do something in there since I was fifteen.”
And here we are. I’m not losing this opportunity. I drag her by the hand, but when she stumbles, I turn around and throw her over my shoulder, practically running to my jeep with my hand on her ass. She’s bared enough, and with no panties to block me, I slide a couple of fingers along her slit, eliciting a deep moan and wriggle on my shoulder.
When we reach my jeep, though, I notice…I still have the top off. Damn it. Sage is giggling though, which leads me to start laughing. I get her in the car and buckle her up. Before I round the front though, I give her a deep kiss while pushing her dress up to her hips, exposing her to me. She grabs me by the back of my neck holding me to her and she spreads her legs wide for me. I can’t say no, but I can’t do anything either. Leaning back, common sense washes over me. “Sage, you’re drunk. We can’t do this…”
“Sure, we can. We take this cock that’s right here,” as she pats said cock, finding it rock hard and throbbing, “and we place it right down here,” as her other hand disappears between her legs. Damn she’s about to make me come in my jeans. I pull her hand away from me, close her door and walk around, all while maintaining eye contact. 
When I get in the jeep, she’s still playing with herself, having turned herself sideways so that she’s facing me, and I can’t help but watch as she brings herself to orgasm. When I go to touch her myself, she pushes my hand away, rubbing herself harder while her other hand grabs one of her breasts, squeezing it tightly. Damn but she’s sexy. When she comes, the sounds and moves she makes have me on the verge of coming in my pants. I grab the hand that she was using, bring it to my face, and suck the fingers she just used to get herself off before resting our hands on my thigh. 
“It’ll be our time soon, I promise you Sage,” and with that, I pull the jeep out onto the road and drive to her place with our hands clasped together. She’s asleep by the time we get there, so I carry her up and into her room. I take off her high heels and dress, taking time to enjoy seeing her naked again. Then I cover her with her blanket, lean down, and kiss her. “Soon baby.”
Damn it, tonight is just another painful night, but it’s worth it for this woman right here. 



Chapter 9

Sage



Oh my god, what is that fucking buzzing noise? “Becca!!!!” God my mouth feels like there’s a huge wad of cotton in it. “Becca!!!” When there’s still no answer, I sit up and I feel sick. The room starts spinning, and I have to vomit. I make it to the hallway bathroom leaving the door open, where I do nothing more than dry heave. “Becca!!!!” I yell again as I lean against the tub with my head resting on my knees wondering what time it is. 
“She’s downstairs baking…”
Yelping, I turn my head and see Oliver standing in the doorway in his boxer briefs with his hair standing up on end. Scratching his chest, the smile on his face is devastating. Looking up and down his body, I see that he is ready to go this morning, or he has to use the restroom. Do I want some of what’s tenting his shorts? Hell yes!!! I miss him so much, but no, he needs to fix this.
“What are you doing here?” 
Cocking his head to the side, he looks at me, “Do you remember anything from last night?”
“Uh, I had a couple shots of Jägermeister, danced with a couple of guys, but that’s about it…,” Oh shit what did I do last night?
“Well, how about I tell you what I saw, hmmm? I came across you and the girls at Crockett’s last night, and you were your normal drunk and flirty self, and I saved you from yourself.”
While I rest a cheek on my knees, I raise an eyebrow and say “You saved me from myself? What does that mean?”
As he walks further into the bathroom, my head is forced back so I can keep eye contact with him. Once he reaches me, his hands snake under my arms and bring me to a standing position, pulling me until my naked breasts are rubbing against his chest, and I feel his cock against my stomach.
Wait, what? Naked breasts? I look down, and yep, there are my breasts, naked as the day I was born. What’s more? I can feel Oliver’s hands on my, yep you got it, naked ass. Holy shit, I’m naked!!! And Oliver only has on his boxer briefs!!! 
“Did, did we…,” I try to ask as I point between us. “Please, please, say we didn’t do anything…. I would hate to have missed something like that.”
Raising his hands to my face, I’m barely keeping myself from moving closer, and strung tight waiting for his answer. Instead, Oliver kisses me first, a long and slow kiss that has me moving in pleasure against him, before he answers me, the asshole. “No, we didn’t, but it wasn’t for lack of trying on your part. The ride here was fun. Well, the beginning was. Then there was the whole falling asleep on the way here…”
I close my eyes, wondering what happened. I know I have a tendency to get friendly when I’m drunk. “What was fun?”
Oliver smiles at me, “the show you put on for me of course.”
Leaning my head against the wall behind me, I look at the ceiling, “Oliver, I don’t remember much. I know we got to the bar, had a couple of drinks, then Noelle dared me to…,” I stop as I feel heat rise up my chest and face.
“Remove your panties at the bar and leave you bare for anyone to touch?” Oliver says angrily. “What were you thinking? What was Noelle thinking?”
“Maybe she was hoping I would get laid!” I yell as I hold my head in my hands, “Especially since you won’t do a damn thing and are so afraid of Mary that you won’t take a chance!” God my head hurts, and I let out a moan of pain.
“Sweetheart, I’ve been trying to talk to you!” Oliver says as he turns to go through the medicine cabinet before handing me some Tylenol and a glass of water. “Last night I saw my chance. I didn’t expect the show though.”
“What show?”
“Huh, you really don’t remember?”
I level a glare on Oliver, “Would I be asking if I did? God, why are men such dumbasses? Answer that one question for me!”
Oliver lets out a huff of air, “You were on the dance floor when I got to Crockett’s dancing with some guy. Luckily, I saved you from your ‘date.’” Yeah, he used air quotes. 
“Whatever Oliver. So, I twisted the truth a little. It’s not like it matters.”
“It does to me!”
“Why? Why does it matter?!”
“Because you’re mine!” he says with a thump to his chest. “I feel you here,” leaving his hand on his heart.
Dramatic much? Sighing, I ask, “Can you at least tell me what else happened? Because this conversation is getting old fast.”
“Short summary. I pushed you against a wall and finger fucked you to orgasm before taking you to my Jeep where you put on a show and masturbated for me.”
I know my mouth is hanging open, “We did, I did…what?!”
“You wanted to know. I shortened it for you.”
“How did I end up without my clothes then?”
“Clothes?” Oliver snorts. “You were wearing a single item of clothing Sage! You went to the bar with no underwear on!!! None! Anyone could have touched you and done other things to you!”
“But it didn’t. You protected me.”
“Luckily,” he says running his hands through his hair, “and why were you at the bar with the girls? What happened to your date?”
I’m sure I look guilty now, as I feel the heat rise up my chest and face. “There was no date,” I mumble.
“I’m sorry, what?”
“There was no date,” I say a little louder.
“What do you mean no date?” I can feel Oliver’s confusion.
“Well,” looking him in the eye, “if you want to get technical, I did have a date, it was just with the girls is all.”
“You had me stressed about whoever you were out with woman!!!” He’s picked me up by my waist and is holding me at eye level. Not hard considering I’m still pretty tall, but it’s still impressive. But my anger flows over me.
“You’re the one who fucked up Oliver! You ignored me and everything when you surprised me with my brother! You still don’t want my brother to know that there’s anything going on between us! You don’t want me, but you don’t want others to have me either!!!” I’m so frustrated with this man. 
Still holding me up, Oliver puts his head on my forehead, and takes a deep breath. “It’s hard. Mary’s like a brother to me. Can you try to understand that I don’t want to ruin things between everyone? If we do this, and we break up, everyone will take sides. I could lose everyone Sage, everyone! If that ever happened, I don’t know what I would do. If I lost you….,” and he lets his statement trail off.
“But Oliver, if you do nothing, you’re gonna lose me anyways,” I whisper before taking a deep breath and cupping his face, making him look at me, “at some point, I will be done. To be honest, I’m almost there. I don’t want to be, but I have to look forward. If you don’t want to do this right, then we don’t need to be in contact with each other.” 
I’m about to cry as I say this to him, and I can feel his hands tightening around my waist. His lips find mine, quietly kissing me. “OK, well, um, can we try to keep this between us though?” And as he sees me glare, he’s quick to add, “I mean can we not, well flaunt it??? And can you give me some time to deal with Mary?”
“Like what are you talking about?”
“Let’s go on some dates. Just us. We always go out with the group. I want you and only you sometimes.”
“Well, yeah, that makes sense. But what about Mary?”
“You’re his precious little sister. I told him I would protect you! He thinks I’m some kind of porn addicted freak. I’m not!” he’s quick to explain as I lean back to give him a look. “My god Sage, really?”
“Are you saying you don’t look at or watch porn?” When he starts to shake his head, I put my finger up, “Remember who found your stash in your bag when you spent the night back in high school.”
“That was a joke!!!”
“No, that’s not a joke, that’s gross,” as I shudder in disgust. “You were sharing porn with my brother!”
“It was his birthday, and he was complaining about how he hadn’t gotten any action in a while! I was trying to do the brotherly thing and give him inspiration. You do know your brother is a big baby, right?”
“Yeah…but back to that. What do you mean deal with Mary?”
Sighing, he says, “I need to ease him into the thought of us. Get him used to seeing us together. That kind of thing.”
“Does that mean you’ll do the same shit you did the other night and ignore me? Drop my hand or any other connection with me? Ignore me to flirt with Noelle and act like I’m no one? Is that easing him into the thought of us being together?”
“No. But if I do, bear with me. Grab my hand and look at me if it happens. I’m fucking nervous about what Mary will do. I know I say he’s a big baby, but that’s not the point. You’re special to all of us, just like Noelle and Becca are, and we would all beat the ever-loving shit out of somebody who hurts any of you, even Roni.”
I feel the smirk on my face, “So I get to control you?”
“Really? That’s what you get out of all that?”
“I know for a fact that there are at least five ladies that walk by Deja Brew every morning hoping to catch a glimpse of you in uniform. I bet they would kill to have the chance to control you. So, again, do I get to control you?”
“Well, to a certain extent.”
“Good. Is now a good time?”
“Well I’m not working today, and we have a barbecue tonight, so I’m free all day except for doing some shopping for my mom.”
“Ok,” I say with a lick of my lips, “I have to go to Deja Brew in a bit, but I think I can get some time in,” and with that I drag his face down to mine and we kiss deeply.
Things quickly heat up from there. Oliver pushes me onto the counter, forcing my legs apart with his body. The only thing separating me from his cock is his boxer briefs, and I desperately want to feel his cock inside me. I want to feel full of Oliver. My arms wrap around his shoulders and we continue to kiss, each one longer then the last, each one more desperate than the one before. His hands start roaming over my naked body, and when his hands caress my breasts, a desperation takes over my body.
Hips thrusting against each other, with his hands holding tight to mine, rubbing himself perfectly against my clit, as I feel my orgasm starts to build. Maybe if he could just push his boxer briefs down a little, he could sink into me. But his mouth drops to my breasts and sucks a nipple into his mouth, rolling it between his lips while grinding harder against me. Everything is feeling so good that I just hold him to my breast and thrust my hips harder against him. I feel the orgasm hit me only seconds before it does, and I’m stretched tight as he keeps rubbing his manhood (I love that word) against my clit, prolonging the orgasm. 
“How was that?” he asks looking down at me.
Catching my breath and shrugging my shoulders, “Eh, it was passable.”
“Oh, hell no you didn’t just challenge me sweetheart. We’re just getting started!” He has a spark in his eye as he moves back, his fingers splaying wide on my breasts, while he spreads my legs wide on the counter. 
In response, my hands come down to the band of his boxer briefs, reaching in the back to cup his ass. I pull him closer to me, wanting more, causing his hands to leave my breasts to grab my hips in a punishing grip as he pulls my hips toward him, and he thrusts his cock against my warm center. His boxers really need to go so I start pushing them down, desperate for a more “in depth” feeling. When I finally free his cock, my hands stroke velvet steel, and I feel myself get even more wet than I already am. He pushes my hands away though and his lips leave mine as he starts to kiss a path down my body. 
He sucks on my nipples and bites the underside of first one then the other breast as he rocks his hips against my core once more, his cock teasing my entrance. I lean back on the counter with my head and shoulders against the mirror behind me. “Damn it Oliver, please…,” I moan as my hands reach back up his body to run through his hair holding him close to me.
“What?” This guy has the nerve to act innocent.
“Please, just, just fuck me…,” my chest is heaving, and my excitement is growing as he continues to thrust against me. Then his mouth whispers across my stomach as he drops to his knees.
God his tongue is the best sex toy ever. As long as I have him, I don’t need BOB. My orgasm is quick, as he tongue fucks me deep inside in between flicking my clit. 
“We really need to find a bed Sage…,” Oliver mumbles from between my thighs, “but –,” he stands to take himself in hand, directing his hard cock to my vagina with a ragged breath, “I don’t think I can wait that long.”
“Yes, please, now!”
“Sage! You’re late!!!! Holy shit! My eyes!”
Oliver and I freeze and look at the open door of the bathroom to find Becca standing there with her back to us. 
“Damn it Ollie, get some clothes on! I can’t believe this shit. Freakin horny ass people acting like teenagers. Get a fucking room next time! It’s right down the hall!” Becca walks back down the hall to the living room or kitchen. We can hear her moving things around. Slowly, we turn our heads to look at each other, and when we make eye contact, Oliver and I start laughing. “I hear you guys! Get your asses dressed!”
Looking at me, Oliver says, “We really need to stop making use of counters…”
“I don’t know. It seems to be our thing. Maybe one of these times we can actually see things through?”
Pulling me off the counter and into his arms, my legs wrapping around his waist so that I can still feel his cock rubbing against me, he starts walking me to my bedroom where he sets me on my feet, giving me a soft kiss (God I love all his kisses), thrusts against me, and steps away, leaving me cold without his heat, especially considering I’m still naked. I don’t want to be done yet. Do I really have to be though?
Dropping to my knees, I grab his cock, evading his hands trying to pull me back up. When I slide my hand along the underside of his cock, he lets out a moan deep in his chest, and I see some precum on the tip. I couldn’t stop myself if I tried, and I lean forward to swipe across the tip with my tongue, hearing Oliver catch his breath. Looking up I see him watching me with hooded eyes, the green a vibrant sparkle.
“Sage…you don’t have to,” he murmurs while running his hands through my hair.
“I know, but I want to.” And I take his cock in my mouth, going as deep as I can. 
Oliver’s hands tangle deeper in my hair, pulling me up and down his cock together with his thrusting. My hand is engulfing what my mouth can’t, and the other is playing with his balls. I hear him start to breath harder and thrust faster. I am so turned on that my other hand slides down my breasts and stomach to spread my lips wide. 
“Come on baby, keep going. God, you are so good,” Oliver’s still watching me as I rub my clit, spreading my wetness around before pushing a finger deep inside myself. Oliver’s head tilts to the side to watch my finger disappear for a minute. Once he catches the rhythm of my finger, he starts thrusting into my mouth at the same pace. 
Watching him from the ground, I can see his head is thrown back, and he thrusts a couple more times before he jerks, moaning my name before shooting his load down my throat in a couple of thrusts. He holds my head on his cock as I’m forced to swallow, his head thrown back. When he relaxes enough, he looks down at me with a smile, and pulls me up to hug me where I feel his naked cock on my hip, still wet from my mouth. I so want him to fuck me!
Kissing my forehead, he sets me away from him to run his hands through his hair. He looks at me as I stand there, completely naked, and him with his cock hanging out. Taking a deep sigh, he shakes his head, “One day Sage, and it’ll be soon, this will be finished. Now get dressed and go to Deja Brew. I’m gonna head home. How about I come pick you up this evening?”
Feeling uncomfortable in my nakedness, I wrap my arms around myself and can only respond, “Yeah, sure, that’s fine.” Honestly, I feel like he’s going to run or revert back to his normal self. 
“I want you. I’m going to do my hardest to fix this between us,” he promises me as he lifts my chin and kisses me again, sliding his tongue against mine and tweaking a nipple, “Now I got to go before we get in even more trouble,” he says with a wicked grin before walking out of the room.
“Damn it Ollie! Get dressed! What is wrong with you two and the lack of clothes! Damn exhibitionists!” Becca is on a roll it seems. 
I can hear shuffling, and a couple of minutes later the front door opens and closes. I’m lying on my bed naked, but grab for a blanket when Becca comes in. “Oh my god Sage, come on! I live here too, and where you have a kickin’ body, it doesn’t mean I want it thrown in my face!”
Snapped out of my shock, I grab a blanket from my bed and wrap it around me. “Don’t you think you’re overdoing it a bit Becca? Get over your prude self. One day you’ll find a guy and have sex…”
“Still doesn’t mean I want to see my brother and my best friend going at it. God, I need to get away from the two of you, or you two need to confine yourselves to a room. Hurry your ass up so you can get downstairs. Roni has been covering for you! She’s slammed, and Noelle jumped in to help, and you know how that turns out! Plus, Noelle is looking a little rough around the edges.” 
“She ok?”
“Yeah, she’s just not talking. Your brother was a dick to her last night is all. You know how she is whenever he comes up. I’m sure after they dropped me and Roni off, they had a huge fight on the way to her place.”
“Yeah,” I say with a slow nod. Looking back, things changed with Noelle around graduation. Could be because Quinn showed up, but who knows. She never wanted to talk about it, so we just wait and hope she’ll open up to us one day. “Let me grab a shower, then I’ll head downstairs.”
“Ok, I heard Ollie say he was going to pick you up tonight?”
Nodding my head, “he said he was. We’ll see if he actually does though. I have hope, but not a lot of faith in him,” I respond with a sigh. Not hearing anything from Becca, I shower and get ready, pulling my hair up into a messy bun, and run downstairs. 
I won’t say I’m excited about tonight. Not when I’m scared Oliver will fail again.



Chapter 10

Oliver



Leaving Sage is difficult to say the least. I was so damn close to being inside her! Even there, thinking about it, I feel blood rush to my cock as it presses against the front of my shorts. Dude just came a little while ago, and it’s already ready for round two. Damn thing has a mind of its own, and its mind, like mine, is on Sage. She looks hot no matter what, clothed or naked, but watching her come? Yeah, can’t get much hotter than that.
Unfortunately, when I get home, I find Mary passed out in his room. Huh, he probably drank more than I knew about, because he’s sleeping later than normal. Looking around I don’t find any beer bottles though. He’s still breathing and even mumbles at me to go away, so I let him be. Funny thing, though. He’s still wearing the same clothes from last night.
In my bedroom, I close the door and strip as I head to my bathroom, my still hard cock in hand. With the warm water of the shower spraying over me, my mind drifts to Sage. I’m slowly stroking her, naked, in the kitchen of Deja Brew, legs on the counter spread wide for me as I trace her wet slit with my tongue. Her breasts perky, nipples hard and begging for my attention. Hearing her moans fresh in my mind, my hand speeds up on my dick, tugging it and moving it back and forth while my other hand cups my balls. Damn I need to come or else I’ll have the biggest case of blue balls anyone has ever seen.
Continuing to chase my orgasm, Sage comes back as she was this morning, my cock so close to plunging into her pouty pink pussy while she lay on the counter. My cock was right there. I can smell her, and my hand goes even faster. Her legs wrapped around my waist makes me pump my cock into my hand, as if my hand were Sage, pressed against the wall of the shower. My other hand above her shoulder tight, holding her in place. Remembering her cry of release, I blow a huge load on the wall of the shower. As I keep jerking off more comes out. It’s like a never-ending orgasm, and damn good. 
What does this mean? It means that when I finally get to have Sage under me, above me, however I get her, it’ll be even better. And I can’t wait.
Catching my breath, I finish up my shower fairly quickly. Getting a towel to dry off, I walk into my room, grabbing my phone. I feel ridiculous to be honest with what I’m about to do, but what the hell. I don’t want Sage to forget about me. So, I take a quick picture of my chest and abs still damp from the shower. My towel is low enough to show the deep v leading to my cock, but I cut it off before actually showing my goods. I don’t want to seem easy, do I? I bring up Sage’s information and send her the picture really quick. Damn, I miss her already…
Drawing a deep breath, I finish getting dressed in khaki shorts and a blue V-neck shirt before heading to wake Mary up. We have stuff to get ready for tonight’s barbecue, and my mom waits for no one.
Shaking Mary, I yell, “Dude, get your ass up, we got shit to do!”
“Fuck off mother fucker.”
“Your mom kiss you with that mouth? Sad. My mom will be kissing your cheek shortly once we get all the shit on the list she gave me. We got a barbecue to go to!”
Rolling over, Mary looks at the ceiling, “I think I fucked up Ollie….”
Shit, I don’t want to get into this. I need to ease him into Sage and me, but he’s my friend and looks lost I want to say so it seems I got no choice. “What did you fuck up?”
“The girl man! The girl!”
“What girl?”
“Last night, this morning, I don’t know. I fucked up somewhere along the way.”
“You were with a girl last night?”
“Fuck it, never mind. Let me get up and get ready. Want to head to Deja Brew before the store? I could go with a matcha coffee.”
I didn’t want to head to Deja Brew this morning, sort of stick to my routine and stuff, which means I don’t stop by there on my days off. But after starting my day off with Sage, I really want to see her again. “Sure, but let’s make it quick, my mom has already texted me.” She didn’t but Mary doesn’t need to know that. 
I’m doing minor things to pick up the place when Mary walks out dressed similar to me only in a yellow shirt and navy shorts, backward hat in place and ready to go. “Dude did you fall when you got in last night?” I ask him.
“I didn’t get in until this morning, and I was exhausted. I think I tripped but was too tired to care,” is his response.
When he sees me looking at him, he notices his slip. “Shit, yeah, I was out all night, ok? Did you not hear me? Or the lack of me coming in?”
Oh shit. I should have kept my mouth shut, but I have to tell him something. “I ended up sleeping over at Becca and Sage’s and didn’t get in until a little bit ago.”
“Oh,” he says with a flip of his keys. “Let’s take my truck for more space. If I know your mom, she has us getting enough to feed the entire neighborhood,” and with that he just drops everything and heads out.
Sitting in the passenger seat of Mary’s truck is nice. He’s got a lifted red Ford F-350 with all manner of space thanks to the quad cab. It’s his baby as he likes to say. The ride itself is quiet, and I want to say something to him about Sage, but I don’t know how to bring it up. Before I know it, we’re passing Deja Brew, and Mary has to park around the corner, which forces us to walk about a block to get there.
Walking in, the scent of cinnamon and vanilla rolls over us, and I catch the subtle undertones of cherry. Inhaling deeply, I look around and find Sage focused on the espresso machine in front of her, not noticing that we’ve come in. 
But Noelle has, and she’s looking pretty pale. Yeah, she looks like she had a rough night last night. She has on a baggy shirt that looks weirdly familiar and a pair of joggers with no makeup and her hair is up in a messy bun. Noelle never leaves her house without looking professional. Before I can talk to her though, she quickly ducks into the back to go to her office, leaving Sage by herself at the counter. 
Once Sage finishes the drink she’s working on, she wipes her hands off and goes to take the next order from the man in front of us. When she sees me, she gets a huge smile on her face, but then notices Mary and bobbles the cup she’s holding. Flushing, I can tell she’s wondering what’s happening as she looks between us. After she finishes the drink, she comes back to me and Mary. “What can I get y’all?”
Oh yeah, she knows what she just said, because looking at me, her eyes go wide, and she starts licking her lips. Please, remember I’m a man, and as a result, all kinds of wicked thoughts tumble through my head, like what she was doing with that tongue not too long ago. I can’t help it, so I lean in and whisper, “This counter looks plenty strong don’t you think?” and pull back with a smirk on my face.
Sage is beet red now and breathing heavily. Then there’s a slap to the back of my head. “Dude stop pissing her off. I don’t want her to sabotage my drink!” Mary is adamant that Sage sabotages his drinks, or at least the ones she can come into close contact with. He’s talked about spitting, adding things that shouldn’t be in it, things like that. I have yet to see her do anything, but who knows. Mary can test a saint, so I wouldn’t be surprised if Sage did. 
Looking at Sage, I say, “Naw, she’s not going to do anything are you sweetheart?”
Sputtering Sage just grabs a cup and throws it at me before turning to Mary. “What do you want Mary?”
“I’m hurt,” he says grabbing his chest like he’s in pain. “I come here to see my favorite sister, only to have her question me? The pain!”
“I’m your only sister you idiot,” Sage says and slaps Mary on the arm.
“And I’m wrong? You’re not my favorite sister?”
“Oh, shut up Mary, again what do you want?”
Quickly changing his tune, Mary says, “Large Matcha Coffee and a blueberry scone. Ollie?”
“I know what Oliver wants,” and it’s her turn to smirk at me while my cock starts to take notice. Damn thing isn’t done after two rounds and it’s scarily in tune with Sage.
As Sage sets about making our drinks, she keeps the conversation going, “What are you guys up to today?”
“We have to go shopping for my mom,” I say.
“Ah, um,” and she looks up to see Mary and me standing closer, “are you still picking me up?”
“Can you not catch a ride with Becca?” Mary interjects.
Sage is looking at me, and I get nervous. I can feel the sweat beading on my forehead. I have to step up though. I see a look of horror cross Sage’s face, and her eyes start to water. Shit. Shit, shit, shit. “I said I was going to pick her up and take her,” I blurt out.
Mary looks at me, and simply asks, “Why?”
Sage stands there, waiting to see what I’m going to do while she finishes our drinks. I rub my hands on my shorts, and when she hands us our drinks, I grab them and hand Mary his. I put mine down on the counter and grab one of Sage’s hands over the counter and turn to look at Mary. “Um, Mary,” I begin, “I like Sage.”
He’s looking at us nodding his head, “Yeah I know, everyone likes Sage,” taking a drink.
Damn, did he get hit too hard on the football field? “Yeah, but I like her, like her,” I stress to him, my hand squeezing Sage’s.
“What do you mean you like her like her?” Mary asks with his eyes focused on our hands.
“Holy fuck Mary!” Sage explodes and points at me. “I like him, and he likes me, and we want to date! No, we are dating! Oliver’s just too chicken shit to say anything because he doesn’t want to piss you off!!! Just give him your blessing!”
“Are you sure Sage? I know what he’s like with women, and I don’t want you to go through that,” Mary says, making me feel like a piece of shit. Yeah, I haven’t treated women right all the time. Hell, sometimes I even just used them for sex, but I would never do that to Sage. He continues, waving a hand between Sage and me, “How long has this been going on?”
Sage squeezes my hand, silently begging me to answer, and I have no choice if I want Sage to trust me. “It hasn’t. We just barely admitted it to each other,” I don’t think it’s best to say that I’ve had Sage’s naked ass on the counter in the kitchen where the scone he’s eating was probably prepared on. 
“So, you two?” 
“Yeah.”
“I need to think on this. I won’t kick your ass…yet, but you’re on notice,” Mary warns me before turning away. “I’ll be back,” and he walks to the back, I’m presuming to use the restroom. 
Once he’s out of sight, you can hear both me and Sage let out a big sigh of relief before turning to each other. I don’t hesitate, I grab her and kiss her. “I promise, I will do better,” before I kiss her again. 
“You better,” Sage warns me, and we continue to kiss. Unfortunately, we’re interrupted by a customer, so I back off and just sit and watch her with what’s probably the dumbest smile ever seen, and I know Sage has the same one, because I’m looking at her face and drinking it and her in. With my phone in my hand, I make sure to send her a couple of texts for later.
Me: You make me stronger
Me: Did I say you look good in that apron? Maybe we can do something one time where you only have that on?
Me: I can’t wait to pick you up and have you to myself for a bit.
Me: Can I keep you? 
OK, that last one wasn’t sent, but it was typed and quickly deleted. I don’t want her to think I see her as a dog or something. But yes, I want to keep her. She’s mine.
Mary comes from the back, looking a little pissed off, gaining my attention. He just jerks his head toward the door. I look at Sage, give her a quick kiss and with a parting “Look at your phone when you get a chance,” and I take off.
I have this stupid smile on my face all day.



Chapter 11

Sage



Deja Brew is finally closed for the evening, and I’m upstairs with Becca getting ready for the barbecue at her parents’ house. I’m so nervous, it’s showing. Becca is sitting on my bed, leaning back with her legs crossed, and Noelle’s on FaceTime while driving to our apartment. 
“I think they’re gonna do it tonight,” Becca is saying.
“Really? I think they’ll wait to make it special. Besides Mary’s staying with Ollie, and you’re there at the apartment. It just doesn’t make sense,” Noelle says, and louder, “I think you guys should make it romantic! That leads to hot and steamy!”
I stick my tongue out at the phone as I walk by, and Becca starts to giggle, then gets serious. “Actually, I’m staying at my parents tonight,” and she throws a wink at me. “So they can have the apartment to themselves if they want. Just throwing it out there! Wait…I just realized, I feel like I’m trying to pimp out somebody, but I don’t know who. Is it my brother or my best friend?”
Roni walks into my room, having gone to get a drink, and offers her opinion, “Your brother, easily,” before she turns to look at me. “Although, look at Sage,” as she twirls a hand, “She’s looking good, and she would fetch a pretty penny I’m sure,” she finishes with a leer at me. 
Roni and Noelle start laughing, I’m giggling, and before we know it, Roni and I are talking about all the horrible sex fiascos we’ve endured over the past couple of years. Roni brings up a guy she was dating a while ago and about to have sex with. They’re literally naked in bed, when he starts busting out “I like it when you call me Big Poppa” and spanks her. She pushed him out of her bed, her house, and her life. 
“What the hell was he thinking? Big Poppa? And rapping when he’s about to literally have sex? He ruined a good song. I can’t listen to it without cringing anymore.” Which sets us off laughing all over again.
Mine, I’m sad to say, is when I was in college and my boyfriend at the time, and I were getting it on in a car outside of the dorms. Our dumbass selves were naked on the front passenger seat, him on top with one of my feet on the dash, when there was a tap on the window. My boyfriend jumped off me, opened the door, and went running, well streaking across campus yelling that he didn’t do anything again, it’s not his fault, and that I’m a harlot. 
Meanwhile, I’m lying there on the seat, butt ass naked, pulling clothes over me unsuccessfully. The cop just sighed, told me to get dressed, and get to my dorm. He let me go with a parting shot. It wasn’t the first time that my boyfriend had been caught with a girl in a similar situation. Needless to say, I dumped his ass, but we still laugh because that boy was a nerdy intellectual type with no ass. So white he was almost transparent.
I don’t tell the girls that Oliver came over shortly before that date and told me he was seeing this one chick and talked her up and down. Maybe I was pitying myself?
Noelle refuses to talk since she has only ever had sex the one time and doesn’t share anything about that time. Then there’s Becca. She doesn’t talk about anything sexual and her maintaining she is waiting for The One. We respect that and would love to have that for each other. That doesn’t stop her from laughing at our stories though, and we’re more than happy to share our stupidity with her!
“Oh, hey, Jake’s gonna be coming in on Monday!” Noelle announces to us as she walks in. She hasn’t seen him in a while, but we know she’s excited. 
“Are you serious?” Becca asks. 
We’ve been worried about him since Noelle and her parents got word that he had been injured during a routine patrol while deployed to Afghanistan, followed by them visiting him when he returned stateside. So, this will be a huge load off their backs, to know they can see him at any point.
“Yeah, he surprised us by saying he bought the old Crowley place,” Noelle adds.
“But it’s so run down! How can he live in it?” Becca is a worrier.
“Please, he’ll probably be fixing it as he goes. He said it would give him something to do while he’s waiting to find other things to do,” Noelle responds.
“But –,” Becca is interrupted by a knock on the door, and she and Noelle squeal like little girls. It’s all quite embarrassing so I start to walk out, but Roni grabs me and pushes me toward Becca.
“Stay.” Yep, nothing else. Just, stay, like I’m a dog or something. Then Noelle goes to the door. We can hear her and Oliver talking, but not about what. When I go to walk out, Becca and Roni grab me and drag me over to the bed to sit down.
“Give her some time to annoy him. She has to find her fun outside of little boy fun somehow, and torturing our brothers is just the thing!”
Sighing, I wait. And I wait. And wait some more. God, what the hell. Why do I always feel like I’m waiting for something to happen? I get up to walk out when I hear, “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Well, I figured I would grab Becca and Roni and take them to the barbecue, but since you’re here too I can take you as well.” 
Becca runs out the door in front of me with a huge smile on her face, grabbing bags and throwing me mine, while retaining hers and Noelle’s. “Let’s go Mary! I’m ready!” And she walks out of the apartment with Roni following. I don’t even know what happened. It’s like Becca was here one minute and gone the next. Looking at Oliver, I can see his face looks like I feel when he makes eye contact with me. 
“Put me down you fool! You’ll drop me! Did you get hit too hard in the head? If you drop me or we fall down those stairs –,” Smack! “Now you’re spanking me? What’s your deal! Put me down!”
“Nah, I like you here I think,” as Oliver and I turn to look, we see Noelle thrown over Mary’s shoulder, his hand on her ass. “Where’s your boy?” he asks Noelle.
“He’s with my parents already at the barbecue! Now PUT ME DOWN!”
Situating Noelle better on his shoulder, Mary seems to stop and think before he responds, “Nah, you’re good where you are,” before he pats her ass. Then he turns to the door and right as he’s about to close it behind him he throws a wink our way and him and Noelle are gone.
“Uh…”
“Well…”
“That was…”
“Interesting.”
“Yeah, interesting.”
By this point Oliver and I are right in front of each other, hands sliding around bodies, mouths literally a millimeter away when Mary pushes the door open still holding Noelle, “Oh my god, my eyes are burning!!! Stop that!!! Gross, Yack!!!”
Not stepping away from each other, because Oliver’s hold on me has tightened, Oliver tells Mary, “Go away, we’ll follow you.”
“Yeah, well you only got five minutes, so do your hello kiss and let’s get going. I have been tasked with making sure you arrive. So, here’s what’s going to happen,” Mary says holding up his finger effectively getting Oliver to stop what he was about to say. “I’m giving you guys five minutes, that’s it. At the end of five minutes, I’m coming up here, and dragging McLovin here out by the neck of his shirt. I don’t care what you guys are doing. I’m keeping an open mind, but don’t push it,” and he walks out, a hand on Noelle’s ass while she mumbles under her breath.
Not wasting any time, we jump at each other. Or maybe I jumped on him? Hell, he could have jumped me. Our hands are roaming wildly over each other’s bodies, our mouths are attached, and tongues are twisted and mating. We end up in the living room, falling on the couch, his hips wedged between mine. We’re mimicking the act of sex without doing it, and it only makes me want to feel him inside me more. His hands are up my skirt, drawing circles on his way up my thighs before reaching my slit through my barely there panties. 
“Oliver, please…”
“Please what,” I hear a hint of laughter and something darker, maybe desire, in his voice.
“Your fingers,”
“Yeah, I have 10 of them,” is his smart-ass response.
“I want to feel them.”
“Where?”
“You’re so close, just put them…,” as I suck in a breath, because he just stroked me deep before pulling back.
“Put my fingers where?”
“On my clit and –,” I’m practically begging here when Oliver pushes my panties to the side and inserts a finger deep in me, hooking it against that wonderful spot. I reach over my head for the side of the couch as he does whatever magic he can to me. His face is in the crook of my neck, sucking and kissing. 
“I’m going to come Oliver, so close,” I whisper as I thrust up to meet his hand.
“Yeah baby, I can tell…God you’re so fucking hot,” he groans against my neck. I can feel his hard cock thrusting against my thigh. I want a piece of that. Like maybe the tip. Just put the tip in.
“Shit, shit, shit,” is all I can say as his finger continues to hit that spot perfectly, and his thumb tweaks my clit, and I’m a goner, calling out his name hoarsely as my orgasm washes over me. 
Laying there for a second breathing heavily, Oliver’s body on top of me, someone starts banging on the door, “One minute!” we hear Mary yell.
“Wow,” I say looking at Oliver. 
“What wow?” he’s still laying there looking at me all smug.
“I have never come that fast before, even with my b-,” and I snap my mouth shut as I feel heat rising to my face.
Smiling, “Why Sage, do you have a friend named Bob?”
I push him off me in embarrassment and run to the bathroom to clean myself up. He follows behind, sliding his hands around my waist and watches as I take care of myself so I don’t have a freshly fucked look.
“It’s too late babe…you’ve been fucked. You can’t get that look off you,” he says with a sense of pride. “Let’s get back to Bob though. If you have one, I’m cool with it. I think it’s hot. Maybe he can come out and play with us at some point? I’m sure you would love that,” he says, his eyes gleaming with excitement, thrusting his still hard cock against my ass.
Snorting, I turn to him and hug him. “You ready for this? We’ll be in front of our parents. So, if you want to back out, now’s the time to do it.”
“Hey what’s this? Did you not see me in front of your brother? I just held my own! And he knows Sage, he knows what we’re doing up here. He gave us time. I’m not walking away,” as he grabs my hand and draws me to the door. 
Once we reach the door though, I pull him to a stop and take my hand out of his. As he watches me, I reach under my skirt and pull my panties off, stuffing them in his pants pocket. Leaning up to kiss him, “So you have something to think about and look forward too,” taking the kiss deeper for a second, before opening the door and walking out. 
“You need to stay in front of me,” Oliver says as he grabs me before I reach the bottom of the stairs.
Turning to face him, with my hand on his chest, “Why?”
“Because you just made my cock hard as fuck, and your brother is right there, so I’m going to use you to hide it.”
Blushing, I face forward, but reach a hand behind me to pat his cock as I start to walk toward Mary’s car. “We should be able to take care of this later on.”
“Damn right,” Oliver growls in my ear right as we reach Mary and the others.
Noelle is sitting in the front sit of Mary’s truck, staring at him with a scowl as he’s laughing with Becca and Roni, who are laughing but also looking nervously at Noelle. I rap on Mary’s window, and Oliver is there with his arms around me by the time Mary has his window down. “We late?”
Looking at his watch, “You’re 3 minutes late actually, but we’ve been having a blast,” earning an even harder scowl if that’s possible from Noelle.
“Alright, let’s go,” Oliver drags me to his Jeep, helping me in before jumping behind the wheel. Looking at me with a smile, he puts his jeep in gear and takes off, grabbing my hand with a smile.
So far so good, I think with a sigh.



Chapter 12

Oliver



“Well, it seems like tonight went well. None of our parents looked at us oddly. Mary didn’t blow up. Becca was all smiles. Noelle didn’t scowl as much, which actually may have to do with Jake surprising her and their parents by showing up a couple days early now that I think about it,” Sage is saying as I drive back to her place.
Smiling, I bring the hand I’m holding up to my mouth, “I’m just glad Mary didn’t kick my ass when he caught you throwing yourself at me when we were in my old room.”
“I was not! You lured me there with some bullshit excuse!” 
“Babe, I don’t have to lure you anywhere. All I can say is good thing I was holding you against the wall and all our clothes were on…,” I say back.
“Well, almost all our clothes,” Sage says as she feels around my pockets for her missing panties. Yeah, you know it. I moved so she accidently felt my dick. Luckily her brother didn’t barge in 5 minutes before he did, otherwise he would have found me taking advantage of Sage’s lack of panties by dropping to my knees in front of her with one of her legs over my shoulder, and my tongue fucking her to orgasm as she pulled my hair to hold me in place. That wouldn’t have been awkward at all. 
“You like to tease me don’t you,” I comment as we pull up to the back of Deja Brew. 
“Sadly, yes,” she says with a little pout to her lip. 
Laughing, I give her a deep kiss before saying, “I would totally go upstairs but I don’t want my sister to walk in on us our first time…,” Damn but it’s hard leaving her.
“About that…Becca won’t be back tonight,” Sage says while playing with my shirt collar.
“I’m sorry, what was that?”
Leaning forward to kiss me, Sage says “We have the apartment to ourselves tonight. Maybe we can make use of a bed this time?”
Nope, not asking twice. My cock is fully erect and ready to go. I jump out of my jeep and run to her side where I unbuckle her seatbelt and pull her out without bothering to open the door. Throwing her over my shoulder, I start running up the stairs. Her laughter is filling the air as I feel her hands grasp the waistband of my jeans to hold on to.
“Keys,” I demand.
“They’re in my purse. Put me down and I’ll get them out.”
Mumbling under my breath, I reach for her bag and start going through it, quickly finding the keys and going in. In one move I kick the door shut while dropping her to her feet and kissing her deeply. I’m walking her backwards toward her room, stripping her skirt and top off while she’s wrangling with my belt and pants. Pausing only long enough to step out of my pants and boxer briefs, I whip my shirt off, and her hands go straight to my chest. 
“Oliver?”
“Yeah babe?”
“Do you know how long I’ve wanted to do this?” She asks looking at me.
“Probably not for as long as I have!” And I pick her up the rest of the way to her room, my tongue thrusting against hers as she wraps her legs around my waist. We’re both naked, except for her bra, and my cock is right there, against her wet center, begging me to just thrust in. God, I can smell her juices mixing with her cherry scent, and my cock grows harder. Dropping her on her back on the bed, I grab my cock and start to jerk off a little, rubbing my thumb over the tip, spreading precum across it. “Ditch the bra, Sage.”
No hesitation, she gets out of it, leaving her naked in front of me. She spreads her legs, giving me a look at heaven. Cheesy yes, but I will never get over her pink pussy and pouty lips. As I put a knee on the bed next to her, I put the other one between her legs, and my hand that’s not occupied with my cock reaches out to slide along her slit. Her warmth sets me on fire, and I can’t wait. Seriously, do you know how long I’ve neem waiting for Sage like this?
I slide up her body, my cock teasing her clit as I thrust against it. Her hands go to wrap around my shoulders, but I grab them before she can, pulling them above her head and holding them there with one hand. My other hand strokes down her sides, causing her to giggle before I detour to her breasts. Her nipples are already hard, but that doesn’t stop me from squeezing and teasing them as I continue thrusting against her warm center.
God, nothing, no one has ever felt this good to me. The only sound in the room is our heavy breathing, as I continue to tease her. Hell, her breasts are right in front of me, and I want to savor her.
“Oliver, God damn it. Please…just, just fuck me!” She bends her legs to wrap them low on my hips, thrusting and angling to get me in position to fill her.
“Does this not feel good Sage?”
“Yes, but I want to come while we’re fucking!” she yells as she bucks, tilting her hips while trying to get off.
When my cock slips a little to her warm center, Sage catches her breath, waiting for more. Her knees are drawn up on either side of my hips and I can feel her hips thrusting to take in more of me. God, just the tip of my cock is literally in Sage and I can already feel how tight she is, but I can’t move further. I have to make something clear. 
“This is not fucking. We don’t fuck, do you understand?” I have let go of her hands and both of my hands are holding my body away from hers as much as I dare. 
Sage leans up, pushing her naked breasts against my chest as her arms go around my shoulders. Against my lips, she whispers, “Oliver…will you make love to me?”
Groaning, I don’t stand a chance, and I slam into her to the hilt. I hear her breath catch while I take deep even breaths to keep from taking her like a crazy person and lay her back on the bed. Looking at me, she runs her hands through my hair and smiles. That’s all I need. Her smile has always done things, mainly in my chest and cock area, but it is what it is. I start thrusting in and out of her with a vengeance. I feel her legs tighten around my waist, and I’m pulled down to her as her fingers rake across my back. This is heaven or damn near close to it. 
“Sage, babe, you’re so tight,” I groan into her neck.
“Kegels,” she says breathlessly as she arches her back, thrusting up to meet my hips.
“I don’t think I’m going to last. Fuck I know I won’t. I promise, I’ll make it better next time,” I say as I start pounding harder into her, my balls slapping her ass.
Sage is thrashing on the bed, and one of her hands snakes down her body to rub her clit as the other plays with her breasts, making me thrust even faster. “God damn, Sage that’s hot,” I groan as my sweat drips onto her body, mixing with her sweat. I can’t help myself and I lean down and lick across the top of her breasts before pulling back to grab her legs and putting them over my shoulders. She responds almost immediately.
Within a couple of thrusts, “Oliver, I’m coming,” Sage gasps as I feel her pussy contract around my dick.
“I feel it, let go babe. Just let go. I got you,” as I feel myself sink deeper.
Watching Sage when she orgasms is the sexiest thing I have ever seen. Her whole body flushes, her eyes dilate, her mouth opens just a little bit before her body goes taught with the orgasm washing over her. Her head is thrown back and a silent scream escapes her mouth. Yes, I said it, a silent scream. Feeling her come around my cock, I lean back so I’m resting on my feet, grabbing her hips so I pull her with me, and forcefully move us together, chasing my own orgasm. I feel that tingling sensation in my lower back reaching around to the base of my cock, and it only takes a couple more strokes before I’m thrusting deep in orgasm as I come deep inside her, feeling her milk me as another orgasm takes her. 
Exhausted, I drop down on top of her, making her squeak in surprise. After a couple minutes, I roll on to my back next to her. We’re both laying there naked, still breathing hard, and staring at the ceiling. When we look at each other, I see she has the most beautiful smile ever, and I reach for her hand to bring it to my mouth for a kiss before resting it on my chest. We can feel how hard my heart is beating in my chest.
“I think that was way better than the counter Oliver!” Sage all of a sudden exclaims. 
When I turn my head to look at her, she’s smiling at me, and we both end up laughing together. I pull her over my body, and as we laugh, we kiss. I think this kiss is the best kiss I have ever had in my life.
Then it turns into something more, as the kissing deepens, and we take advantage of her bed again.



I wake up from what is probably the best dream I have ever had to see it’s still dark out and a warmth around my cock, a wet warmth. Looking around I can tell I’m still in Sage’s room, and when I look down, I see Sage, her head bobbing up and down on my cock. 
“Good morning,” I say with a rough voice as I push my hands into her hair and pulling her off my cock dragging her up for a deep kiss.
“Good morning to you too,” she responds with a big smile. 
“You good?”
Sage looks at me weirdly, but says, “Yes why?”
“Good,” and I flip her over onto her stomach, drag her hips up, and give her a single second to catch her breath before I’m plunging deep into her.
“Oliver!” Sage practically yells as her orgasm is almost immediate.
“Sage, damn, so good,” I grunt as I pound into her harder. 
She leans up to grab the headboard and arch her back, allowing me to go deeper. I thrust into her harder, keeping one hand on her hip as the other runs up her back to grab a shoulder, giving me a better grip to pound hard. As I’m about to come, I lean forward over her, my back to her chest, and my hands move to clutch her breasts as I jerk inside of her in release. 
I roll to my side as Sage just drops on her stomach to face me. I push some hair out of her face before pulling her into my so we can get some more sleep.



“Do you have to go to work?” Sage asks me as I lay in bed with her, our hands clasped together and resting on my chest. I think we just finished a marathon of sex and I have to be at work in a couple of hours, so I either have to get my ass up and head home to get some sleep and my uniform, or I sleep for a couple of hours with Sage in my arms before heading home to get ready. I think you know which one I’m going to choose.
“Yes, I do. The captain let me leave early the other night, so I have to go in today,” I say.
“Oliver?”
I love hearing my name on her lips, “Yeah babe?”
“Um, well, we didn’t use a condom…at all,” she says hesitantly.
Sighing, I roll toward her. “I didn’t think about it. I was so focused on actually having my dreams come true finally that I didn’t think,” I respond as I tuck a piece of hair behind her ear. 
“What if…,” and she trails off biting her lip, and I can see she’s near tears.
“What if you get pregnant? Then we’re in this together. I’ll use a condom from now on ok?”
“Well, I’m on the pill, and I’m clean I swear. So…if you’re clean, then, well, maybe we could, um, just not use condoms?”
Honestly, I have never had sex without a condom until Sage. Never wanted to take that risk with anyone else. But with Sage, I want to take a running leap at it. Looking at her, I admit, “I’m clean too.” Kissing her, “You know I would never willingly put you at risk, right?” I ask her.
Her eyes tearing up all over again, she nods her head, “We’re doing this? We’re actually doing this?”
“Yeah, we are. But can we get some sleep? We both have work tomorrow, actually this morning.”
“Ok, but will you hold me? I always wanted to be Oliver Turner’s little spoon,” Sage says sassily.
I roll her over, wrap my arms around her and pull her close to me. “We belong to each other Sage. I’m never letting you go.”
Sage’s hands curl over my hand at her waist, and her ass wiggles against my cock, “You better not.”



Chapter 13

Sage



“Sage, wake up. I gotta go,” my body is being shaken to emphasize this for some reason.
“Go away,” is my mumbled reply as I roll over and cover my head with a pillow. A husky laugh rolls over me and a body covers mine, moving the pillow to the side.
“Come say good morning to me so I can go,” Oliver whispers in my ear.
Smiling, because this is a nice dream, I snuggle closer to the body that is covering mine. That’s when I feel something hard against my ass through the sheet, and a hand stroking down my side. Jerking up, or as much as I can, I turn my head to look behind me to see Oliver up close and personal. As my mouth drops open, he takes the opportunity to kiss me. Sighing, I love his kisses. I think I could live on them. Ok, well not really, but I know you know what I’m talking about. 
As his tongue slides against mine, the memories start to come back of the past couple of hours. It’s a blur of sex and orgasms and laughter. With all those memories rushing through my mind, it’s like I’m watching my own sex tape, and I start to get excited, and I can feel wetness pool between my thighs. I slowly start pushing back against Oliver’s hardness, knowing we’re not done yet. 
Oliver moves slightly away from me, giving me enough space to roll over so I can wrap my body around his. Damn sheet is getting in my way though, so Oliver whips it away, dragging my naked body against his fully clothed one. Wait, clothed? No, this can’t be. I pull away to look at the clock and see the time. Groaning my head drops back, because I know we both have to get up and going, but my mind is taken back to la la land when Oliver thrusts his cock against me while burying his face in my neck, and his hands are everywhere. Meanwhile I’m like a hussy, thrusting my body against his, and my hands go to his hair. 
“We got time for a quickie, right?” he moans into my neck.
“Yeah, oh yeah we definitely do,” and with that, I’m sucked back down in to mine and Oliver’s own world for a bit. 
When Oliver leaves, we’re both smiling.



I lay in bed a little longer, and I swear I’ve never felt happier in my life. Grabbing Oliver’s pillow, I breathe in his scent. He smells so damn good! I have to get my ass in the shower though. Where I love the smell of Oliver on me, it’s probably not good for business…although I’m sure some of the ladies would love it! Damn it, no, I have to shower.
As I shower, I think back to the night before. The warmth of the water seeps into my skin, and as I trail my hands across my body, I imagine they’re Oliver standing behind me. Hmmm, we may have to try shower sex at some point. As my fingers stroke across my nipples, I gasp in pleasure because they’re still so sensitive. Damn Oliver really did a number on my body.
Leaving one hand on my breast to play with the nipple, the other one trails down my stomach to my core. Sliding between my folds, I can tell even through the warm water that I’m wet just thinking about Oliver in the shower with me, behind me. He would take my hands and place them on the wall while he moves to stand behind me, knocking my legs apart. “Leave them there,” he would say in regard to my hands and legs. Moaning, I imagine that I would only be able to nod my head and lick my lips in anticipation. 
From there, Oliver would lean forward to bring his arms around me, fondling my breasts as he thrusts his cock along my slick folds, each slow thrust making contact with my clit, sending electricity streaking through my body. “Please, Oliver,” I say out loud to an empty bathroom, throwing my head back as I finger my clit and squeezing one of my breasts. 
Back to my personal porn, Oliver would continue to tease me in that manner, biting me on the shoulder and pinching my nipples as he continues to thrust against me. One of his hands would fondle my ass while he’s thrusting, and force his thumb inside my hot core, and just leaves it there as he keeps his slow pace, tormenting me. I would turn around and look at him at the point, “Oliver, I need you to fuck me.”
“You want my cock baby?” His voice turns husky in my imagination.
“I want your dick deep inside me, with your hands holding so tight to my hips that you leave bruises,” I would say in response as I play with my nipples harder and rubbing the hell out of my clit.
“Oh yeah, baby,” Oliver would say as he pulls his thumb out of my pussy, only to immediately replace it with his hard cock, thrusting in deep and hard. Then he would stop and lean over my back, playing hard with my breasts and nipples and biting down my back as he starts to slowly thrust into me. After a bit, my body would be standing straight and my breasts pressed hard against the shower wall as Oliver holds my hips up and away from the wall, pounding into me. 
“That’s it baby, take all of me,” he grunts.
I start to feel the beginnings of my orgasm, both in my imagination and in real life as I rub my clit harder. “Oliver,” I whisper. I spread my legs wider, and my other hand comes down to my wet core, and I push my fingers in as deep as I can, and I start thrusting my fingers in and out to simulate Oliver’s thrusting in my imagination. 
“Harder Oliver. Fuck me harder!”
In my mind, Oliver pulls my hair to turn my head to kiss me hard while continuing to thrust in me, his pace picking up and getting frantic. He pulls back from kissing me, and I hear him whisper in my ear, “I love you Sage,” as he pushes into me one more time, deeper than ever and comes. In real life, I’m coming as I lean against the wall, by myself. 
Breathing heavily, I give myself a couple of minutes before cleaning myself up. More than anything I would love to hear those words from Oliver. Maybe at some point, he’ll feel that way. 
I may need to have Noelle take me shopping again!



Chapter 14

Oliver



As I walk out of Sage’s place, I know I’m sporting a huge smile on my face. I have never felt as good as I do right this second. I know that Sage and I have a great future together, one I’ve been wanting for longer than I can remember, and it’s finally in my grasp. Reaching the bottom of the steps, the back door to Deja Brew’s kitchen opens, and there are Noelle and Becca standing there with smirks. 
“Is Sage gonna come to work today?” This is Becca.
“I think the better question is can Sage walk today?” Noelle has always had a dirty mind. 
Smiling at the ladies, I tip my head to them, “Sage should be down in a little bit, and yes Noelle she can walk just fine.”
Frowning, Noelle looks disappointed and shakes her head, “I really expected more of you Ollie. You walk the walk, but you can’t talk the talk. Just sad.”
“She’ll be fine, Noelle. You can ask Sage for any details you want. I’m not gonna say any more than that. Now I’m off to work.”
Becca sniffs around me. “Please tell me you’re going to go shower first. I get from your sappy look the sex was probably great, but you don’t need to walk around smelling like it.”
“Yes mom, and if I don’t go now, my schedule will be thrown off,” as I turn to rush to my jeep and take off.
At home, I can see that Mary’s not around. Screw that, it looks like he didn’t even sleep in his bed, because that boy is messy as fuck. He can’t leave a room clean. Even if he just walks through it, he leaves something behind. Shrugging, I rush to get ready thinking he probably found some chick at a bar last night after the barbecue. I’m working today, so that means I stop by Deja Brew, and I get to see Sage again, which has me moving faster. I’ve only had a taste, and I’m addicted. I have to have more. Ok, I’ve had more than a taste, but it doesn’t matter. I’ll tell anyone, Sage is mine. Has been for as long as I can remember. I just had to wait for the right time, and that’s now. 
I’m in uniform walking out to my patrol car when Mary shows up wearing the same clothes that he had on at the barbecue. He just grunts at me and keeps walking inside. OK then, will have to talk to him later. If I’m going to continue this with Sage, he’s going to have to find somewhere else to stay. It just doesn’t seem right that he be there while I am doing all the nice (and nasty) things I like to do to Sage.
On my way to Deja Brew, my fingers are tapping a beat on the steering wheel. I feel my heart beat faster, and I can tell I’m nervous and excited. I’ve only been away from Sage for less than an hour, and the excitement is washing over me. 
Walking up to the glass door, I find it locked. Looking through the door, I see all three girls sitting at their table, Sage sitting with her back to me. Then I notice Becca and Noelle, smiling like the idiots they are. Yeah, I can call them that, especially Becca considering I had to grow up with her. Speaking of Becca, she sets down her cup, and I think she’s going to come open the door to me, and instead she waves, and picks up her cup again. Sisters are so difficult!
Rapping my knuckles on the door, Sage finally turns around, and I see her smile. God, she’s so beautiful, even on only a couple hours of sleep. When she gets up, I can tell she probably did a very quick get together this morning as relaxed as she looks. When she reaches the door though, she doesn’t unlock it. She just stands there, only a pane of glass separating us. Looking at me, she drops her head to her chest all of a sudden. Oh shit, this can’t be good. I bang my fist on the glass, then I flatten my hand on it. Holy shit, this can’t be happening. I just had the best night, morning, of my life. Sage can’t do this. 
As I’m on the brink of a heartbreak, Sage’s head comes up with that beautiful smile, and her hand presses against mine on the other side of the glass. A sense of relief rolls over me, and I lean my forehead on the glass, and she does the same thing. I can hear her muffled giggles on the other side leading me to smile. 
I hold up a finger, and huff on the glass, leaving a place for me to draw. Thinking for a second, I can only draw a heart. If anything, Sage glows even more then she already is. Then she does the same thing, only she draws two stick figures holding hands. We’re so busy staring at each other that it takes a second to notice Becca banging on the glass right next to us and Noelle laughing hysterically. Becca unlocks the door and walks away shaking her head at us.
Opening the door without a second to spare, Sage is in my arms and we’re kissing like we haven’t seen each other for years. “OMG Noelle, look at those two. It’s like totally gross. Eeeewwww, I just saw one of their tongues. Nope, I just saw both. Oh god I’m going to vomit, make them stop!”
“Uh, Becca? Why you watching your brother make out with someone?”
“To be honest it’s like…You can’t take your eyes away! It’s so fascinating though too….” Becca trails off.  
“I know what you mean. Remember that time in high school when that dumb ass dumped her? You hid in the bushes and caught…. them…. shit…,” Noelle clamps her mouth shut.
Jerking away from each other, Sage and I turn to look at Noelle and Becca. “You, you did what? Saw what?” Sage asks.
“Um, well, you see, I just wanted to grab you and Noelle so we could go to the movies…,” Becca defends herself.
“Yeah, remember? I think it was our freshman year? But Becca saw you two on the porch, so she just stayed by the bushes there. She saw everything….,” Noelle adds in, followed with a mumbled, “and recorded it.”
“She did what?” Sage asks.
“I recorded it,” Becca says.
“What, why,” I am at a loss for words, before I burst out, “Why in the hell would you record us kissing?!”
“I had to have something to show Noelle! Do you think she would just believe me?” Becca is making it seem like I’m the stupid one here.
“She’s right, I need proof of kiss,” Noelle interjects.
“Proof of kiss? What are we in third grade?” I butt in.
Shrugging her shoulders and looking at her nails, Noelle responds, “as if we have any other choice with you, Mary, and Jake.”
Alright, we need to get back on track. “Wait, so you saw us in high school? Kissing?” I’m really needing this to be clear. “Did you tell anyone?” Holy shit, I’m panicking a little here. No clue why, but I feel like I’m back in high school, nervous that Mary will find out what I did to his little sister. Don’t even get me started on all the wet dreams and times in the shower I spent thinking about her.
“Well yeah. It was really sweet too when Sage finally shared that she got her first kiss a month later, but wouldn’t name you, even though we already knew,” Noelle adds.
“Uh, you knew I was talking about your brother?” Sage directs her question to Becca who just nods her head.
“We were really hoping he would do something more, like, I don’t know, ask you out, because we saw how he watched you constantly and spent all that extra time with you. Remember their baking dates Becca? Like he was fooling anyone!” Noelle always sees more than anyone wants her to, same as Jake. 
“I, I, uh, I never looked at Sage in high school in any manner other than a little sister!” Yeah, that sounds convincing doesn’t it? I turn to look at Sage, who pulls herself out of my arms. 
“Girls, stop teasing him, can’t you see you’re freaking him out?” And she walks over to take a seat so she can continue drinking her caramel macchiato. Then proceeds to sigh when I take it from her and down it. “Damn it, that was my first cup,” as she goes to make another. Becca follows, probably to tease her more.
Noelle stops me from going after her, “Can you do something for me?”
“Uh, sure.”
“Could you and Mary take Jake out tomorrow night? I want him to realize he still has his friends…,” she says nervously.
Shifting my eyes from Sage to Noelle, I ask “Is Jake alright?”
“I think so, but it can’t hurt to have friends, can it? Even Jackass Mary,” she responds with a twist of her lips. 
“That’s fine,” I say before an idea pops into my head. “Why don’t you girls have a girls’ night? I can get my parents or even Sage’s to watch Quinn. You know they all claim him as an honorary grandchild. It’ll give your parents a break, and a chance for you girls to have some time to gossip more than the couple of minutes each morning.”
I watch as Noelle’s eyes widen, “Uh, no, that’s ok. My parents got it taken care of. They had Quinn last night and are taking him to school this morning. Since they suggested this for Jake, I can ask them to watch Quinn for me tomorrow. It’s their idea anyways to get Jake time with his buddies and away from the parents.” 
Tilting my head, “You didn’t have Quinn last night?”
“N-no, he stayed with my parents,” Noelle is definitely showing signs of nervousness.
“They also had him that night I got shit faced at the bar watching Sage, right?”
“Y-yes…,” she’s definitely looking around now.
“Noelle?” I ask cautiously, “Is there something you want to share with me? You know you can trust me, right?”
“What would I have to say?” She retorts with a smile. 
I see Sage start walking our way. “Maybe why the two nights you didn’t have Quinn are the same two nights that Mary didn’t sleep at my house.”
Noelle stills in her seat, stunned, as I go to Sage and take her cup again to drink. “I gotta go Babe. Thanks for a great evening,” and I lean closer, “and an even better morning. We have to make that happen again. I like waking up with you in my arms,” and I turn to head to work. Then I call out to Noelle, “text me the details about tomorrow night!” and I’m out.



Chapter 15

Sage



“Alright Bitches! Let’s do this!!!” Noelle seems a little too excited. Almost like she’s forcing her excitement. Becca and I glance at each other, shrug our shoulders and head over to sit in her living room. “Quinn is at Dylan Reynolds’ house having a sleepover with her son Mason, so I have the entire night!”
Noelle’s living room is a mix of neutral tones with drastic bits of color thrown around. Her couch is like a linen color, with a bright purple pillow in one corner and in the opposite corner is a multicolored pillow. She also has a huge comfy chair with an ottoman that is like a lime green color. Honestly, if I had the chair, I would look stupid and people would tease me, but Noelle makes it work and everyone loves it. If she didn’t become an accountant, she would make an awesome designer. Her coffee table, we notice, is covered in wine and our favorite snacks. Granola, peanut butter and cheese and crackers, and chips galore!! 
Grabbing Becca’s arm, I ask Noelle, “Is that your homemade 7-layer dip?”
Smirking at us, Noelle just nods her head. That’s all Becca and I need to see to jump and push each other to get down on the ground and start pigging out. “Oh my god, Noelle,” I’m sighing, “this is orgasmic, I think I’m in heaven.” 
Becca is nodding next to me, “there goes my diet, but what a way to go!”
“Diet? Becca, you don’t need a diet,” Noelle states honestly as she opens a bottle of wine.
“Eh, I just want to lose a couple of pounds. I bought a dress and can’t fit into it.”
“Then return it!”
Looking at us, Becca responds, “You know I’ve always struggled with my weight. I bought this dress a little tight on purpose. It’s not bad. It’s just a couple of pounds.”
“But –,” I begin only to be cut off.
“No, you don’t get a say. I’m going to try this. I have plans,” Becca says fiercely.
Noelle and I learn forward, each taking one of her hands, but it’s Noelle who says, “You know we support you. But you can’t blame us for being worried. You’re our sister. If you need help, ask, and we’ll help!”
A small smile adorns Becca’s face, changing her from cute and adorable to gorgeous in the blink of an eye. “Thanks, I appreciate it. Now let’s get this started!! What are we watching as we get drunk?”
“Wait, isn’t Roni coming?” I interject, asking about our erstwhile employee. 
“Yeah, she is, but she said it would be later on. She has to finish a paper,” Becca says. “Now, again, what are we watching?
“Well, knowing Sage has been obsessing over a certain someone, I thought I would take her down the road of a past obsession...,” Noelle lets on.
A past obsession? And what does this have to do with girls’ night? Noelle has always been a little devious, but I’ll bite, “OK…care to clarify?”
With that question, Noelle drops a box in my lap, laughing. In the dim light of the room, I can see the box has been covered in a bunch of tiny pictures. Looking closer, I gasp in delight. “It’s Keanu! Oh my god, it’s Keanu! Look Becca!!!”
Laughing, Becca says, “It’s pretty obvious Sage…open the damn thing!”
Stroking the box lovingly, I feel my eyes get wet, so trying to get it under control I tell myself to man up. Opening it very gently I see every single movie starring Keanu Reeves. There’s Bill & Ted, Speed, The Matrix trilogy, even John Wick! I don’t know where to start! All I can say is that I am so jealous of Sandra Bullock.
“We know you already have all these movies, but we also know you don’t have any digital copies, so we just bought them all over for you…,” Noelle says.
Shocked and amazed at my friends, I thrust Bill & Ted at them, “Let’s get going with this!”
“Yeah, ok, but first, let’s get a picture of you with your gift,” Becca says laughing.
I’m holding my movies up, with a huge smile on my face so both Becca and Noelle can take a picture. I’m so excited! Keanu Night!!! Now, just so you know, I’m obsessed with Keanu Reeves. Besides being in love with him since I was like nine years old, everything I read about him reinforces that he’s just a great person. Love is a strong word, maybe lust would be better I’m thinking? If I ever met him, I would probably faint, or at the most blurt out some unintelligible words making an ass of myself. Might even ugly cry too. 
I curl up on the big comfy chair and ottoman with a blanket my movies all around me, getting ready to watch one of the best movies of all time when my phone dings with an incoming text. Not expecting to hear from anyone, I see that Oliver has texted me and a huge smile crosses my face. When I open it, I see it’s a picture of him with his chin in his hand looking dreamy, and he’s written Wish you were here with me. Awwwww. Yep, I’m texting back.
Me: I wish we could be alone in my bedroom….
Me: cuddling as we sleep!
Oliver: That can be arranged…you staying at Noelle’s tonight?
Me: Yep, that’s the plan! You’ll never guess what the girls got me!!!!!
Oliver: Um, chocolate and wine? Coffee?
Me: No you dork!!! What is the one thing I love more than anything in this world?
Oliver: Coffee hands down
Me: OMG you’re so oblivious!
Oliver: Sex, yeah, its sex, especially when I do that thing with my tongue you like…
Me: Well, yeah, but no still wrong!
Oliver: Ouch, that hurts! 
Me: Suck it up buttercup! You know this I know you do!!!
Oliver: Hmmm, does it have anything to do with the picture that Becca texted me of you looking dreamy eyed holding a bunch of Keanu Reeves movies and a box that looks like it’s covered in Keanu Reeves?
Me: Yes!!! I’m waiting on the girls to finish doing whatever so we can start!!!! 
Oliver: What are you starting with? 
Me: Bill & Ted! 
Oliver: Whoa! 
Me: Oh, go back to boys’ night. I’m sure they don’t want you to be on your phone all night, and Becca and Noelle will snatch my phone and hide it if I’m on it!
Oliver: Do me a favor?
Me: No, I’m not sending a picture of my breasts
Oliver: LOL, where it would be nice if you would, you don’t have to. I can wait for the real thing. Is Noelle on her phone?
I look around before texting, Yeah, she is, why?
Oliver: How’s she look?
Me: Is there something I should know?
Oliver: Not yet, not til I’m sure, ok? Just tell me how she looks.
Me: She looks frustrated, and sad…now she’s muttering as she’s texting.
Oliver: Great, thanks. 
Me: Oliver?
Oliver: Yeah babe?
Me: There’s nothing there is there?
Oliver: ?
Me: Between you and Noelle? 
Oliver: Hell no!!!! It’s only been you!
Me: OK, because you just asked about her, and now I’m remembering all those times you came into Deja Brew and flirted with her…
Oliver: I only flirted with her to get a reaction out of you, which I’m happy to report I did…
Me: You did not, you just got me angry whenever you did!
Oliver: Exactly…it kept me on your mind. Mission accomplished!
The front door opens and Roni walks in, Go have fun with your friends. Roni just got here so we’re starting.
Oliver: Think of me
Me: Always…
Me: Just not when Keanu is on
Oliver: Very funny…
Roni, as usual, looks her effortless gorgeous self. It’s quite disgusting how good looking she is, and she knows it, but never uses it. In fact, she often says her looks are the bane of her existence. Her white and black streaked hair is piled on top of her head, face devoid of her normal Goth makeup, and she’s wearing an oversized sweatshirt with the collar cut out so it’s hanging off one shoulder, matched with a pair of workout leggings. If I were into girls, I would totally be making a play for her.
“Hey chica,” she says to me with a huge smile as she sits on the edge of the couch closest to me. “I hear we’re celebrating all that is Keanu tonight?”
“Oh, yeah, we’re!” Noelle yells from her seat across from us.
We finally get situated around the living room, eating, and watching Bill & Ted. Becca and Roni are sharing the couch where Becca is about to pass out, which is fine since she has to wake up early. She just likes to be involved, even if she sleeps through a majority of girls’ night, and we want her to be with us. We’re sisters. 
Roni is on her phone, but I can see her playing some game to pass the time while watching Ted Theodore Logan kick ass on TV. Roni is an enigma to us all, she goes to school studying marketing and works at Deja Brew and I consider her a friend, but I don’t think neither myself, Becca, or Noelle know much more than that about her. That’s going to have to change. 
I hear a snort at that point, and my head whips around to look at Noelle. She’s frantically typing on her phone saying, “no, no, no. Asshole. What the hell is his problem,” and shaking her head. 
“Um, Noelle?” I ask.
No response because she’s still going at her phone like it’s going out of style.
“Noelle?” I say a little louder.
“Fucker, needs to stop this shit.” 
By this point Roni is watching her with a grin on her face. She turns to look at me and just shrugs her shoulders. 
“Noelle!” I yell loud enough that her head snaps up at me and I can see the anger in her eyes. I also wake up Becca who jumps off the couch. 
“What bitch?” Noelle yells back.
Quietly, I ask her “Are you ok?”
“Why would I not be?”
“Well, you’ve been attacking your phone and mumbling. You want to talk about anything?” The earlier conversation with Oliver comes back to me, and I’m wondering if there’s something going on between them two. But Noelle would never do anything like that to me. I don’t think Oliver would do that to me either. Then again, if he did do that to me, Noelle would beat the shit out of him first, and Becca wouldn’t be too far behind, then Mary and Jake. 
“No, it’s just this dumb oaf I’ve been dealing with,” she says without making eye contact. “Let’s finish the movie.”
“Noelle, you’re acting weird,” Roni says as Becca slumps back down on the couch, falling asleep just as fast as she woke up.
“I just have some things going on between Deja Brew, Quinn, and this jackass,” she responds.
“Maybe we should talk to Oliver? He can scare him into stopping…,” I suggest.
“No! I mean, no that’s alright. I got this. It’s fine,” she says. “Movie time. What’s next?”
Roni looks at me with an eyebrow raised, “I vote for Speed or Point Break. You know how much I like those surfer dudes…”
Laughing, I go to put it in, but say “Surfer Keanu is hot, but Officer Keanu is even better in that tight shirt and brown pants!” Fanning myself, I continue, “And when he pulls himself up from under the bus? Yes please!”
Laughing Roni throws a pillow at me, which I easily catch and snuggle. “You just like police officers!”
“That’s right!” My phone goes off and I look, laughing out loud, catching Roni and Noelle’s attention. “What are you laughing at?” both ask.
I bring the picture up and show them, which sets them off to laughing. Oliver has sent me a picture of him next to Keanu, looking eerily similar except for the hair and eye color. He had written across the bottom, “Look familiar?” followed by a text saying, I miss you. Jake isn’t talking, and Mary is being an asshole to some chick.
Me: Poor Baby, you’ll be fine. We’re starting Point Break right now. 
Oliver: Can I come crash your party?
Me: No! Stay away! Its girls’ night!
Oliver: Alright, but tomorrow you’re mine.
Me: You’re off, right?
Oliver: Yeah, so expect me…
Me: I always do 
Oliver: See you soon
Me: Ok
Neither of us ever says bye, it just seems so final, and we want to leave our texts or phone calls open. It’s really stupid and childish but I like it. Midway through Point Break Roni is passed out with her head resting on Becca’s hip, which I grab a picture of really quick, and Noelle is laying across a chair, her head on one said and her legs over the other, with her phone in her hand. I go to put it on the table next to her when I see that Mary texted her. Looking to see what it says, I read “It’s only ever been you.” Jerking my head to Noelle and back to the phone where Mary’s text is, my mind starts running.
What is going on?



Chapter 16

Oliver



Groaning, I roll over in my bed. It was a late-night last night with Mary and Jake. We went to the bar and drank a little. There was very little discussion going on or trying to catch up. Jake sat there glaring at anyone who looked at him. Of course, people are going to look at him once they see his leg. Not saying it’s right, but you see metal where a leg normally is, you’re going to look at the person, especially in Granbury where it’s not something you see a lot of. When asked a question, Jake would just grunt in response, and mainly just played with the label on his beer, peeling it off slowly. 
Plus, Jake brought his support dog, Dez, a border collie. He’s cool, very chill from what it looks like, but so damn protective of Jake, which is how it should be. He’s left eye is blue, the right brown. I notice Jake rub his head every now and then, where the dog was laying down near Jake’s prosthetic. 
Mary, now there’s an interesting thing. I remember him laughing and being on his phone all night, even saying, “Oh, I’m the jackass,” before grinning wider and continuing his texting. I can’t be sure, but I guarantee it has something to do with Noelle. I got my own stuff to worry about though, first and foremost going to see Sage. 
I’m slow rolling out of bed, but I do it. Looking at my phone, I can see that Sage hasn’t texted me yet. She’s probably already at work, which gets me moving even faster. I love seeing her in her aprons, the bright and crazy designs. I was serious before when I told her I would love to see her in just an apron. I quickly get my shower done and am dressed when my phone rings. Seeing its Jake, I answer it really quick.
“Morning Jake, What’s up?”
“Come get me.”
“Ok…you alright?” Yeah, his terse tone has me concerned.
“Yeah.”
“Do you need to go anywhere?”
“Out.”
“Jake, man, come on. I need more. Where am I taking you?”
I hear him sigh, “Coffee,” I hear him mumble.
Smothering a laugh, I say, “I can be there in like 10 minutes, ok?”
“Sure,” and he hangs up. 
Shaking my head, I go to knock on Mary’s door. “Dude, want some coffee? I’m grabbing Jake,” I say.
The door opens up immediately, and I find Jake already dressed. “I’m ready, let’s go,” and he rushes out the door, yelling “Shot gun!”
Getting behind the wheel, I laugh, “Jackass, you’re the only one here.”
“Yeah, but I’m getting ahead of Jake. He can get in back.”
“Did you forget his leg?”
“It bends,” he says with a shrug.
“God, you can be such an asshole.”
“The chicks don’t think so,” he says with a smirk.
In my Jeep, Mary blares the radio, singing along with whatever song is on. Rolling my eyes, because he’s a shit singer, I make the turn on to Jake’s street, and stop in front of his house. “Man, look at this shithole,” I say looking at the house. 
“I don’t know what Jake was thinking when he bought this place,” Mary says, “the amount of work it needs will keep him busy forever.”
Looking at Mary, I make the comment, “Maybe that’s what he wants? To keep busy,” as we get out of the jeep and walk up to Jake’s door. 
Slapping me on the back, Mary says, “Well then, it’s our job to make sure he’s busy!”
We’re laughing when Jake opens the door and walks past us with Dez to the jeep without a single word. As we watch, he opens the door for Dez to jump in and move to the driver seat before he follows suit and waits patiently in the front passenger seat.
“Damn, I should have stayed in the jeep,” Mary mumbles under his breath with a hand on the back of his neck.
Leaving Mary at the door, I say, “Remember in high school? You never sat in the front. Jake’s too big for the back! You would always run and jump –,” I stop as I see Mary running by me and jumping in the backseat just like in high school. Together we laugh, and when I look at Jake, I see a small smile gracing his lips as he motions Dez to go to the back seat next to Mary. To make the good last I continue as if we’re in high school, “Dude, you gonna rip the seats, get your fucking feet off them!”
“Please, this is probably the most action these seats have ever seen!” is Mary’s retort as he puts an arm around Dez.
“Your sister would beg to differ,” I come back.
Mary’s head jerks up to lock with my eyes in the rearview mirror. “Say what?”
Jake is shaking his head and I hear a low whistle escape his mouth. 
“Ah, shit,” is all I can think of.
 “Dude, I was fine with you guys doing whatever, but that doesn’t mean I want you to fuck her! That’s my sister! Both Jake and you look at Sage as if she were your sister too!”
“Mary, come on man, you know we’re dating…,” Holy shit, did I just fuck up big time?
“That doesn’t mean you have to fuck!”
“We’re not fucking!” I yell. Honestly, we’re not. Now we’re having sex or making love, but never fucking. He makes it sound so crude, and that’s not what Sage and I are or what we have.
Jake steps in at this point, “Drop it you two.” He points at me, “No more comments on Sage in that sense,” then he points at Mary, “Stop assuming shit. They’re dating. People who date have sex. Grow the fuck up. You want to tell me you’ve never fucked someone’s little sister?”
“Uh–,” Mary tries to explain looking a little nervous.
“No don’t make up excuses. Drop it. They’re dating. Accept it.”
By this time, Mary and I are shocked, because this is the most we’ve heard Jake say since he showed up the other day. We’re starting to see the old Jake. Mary slaps him on the back, “It’s nice to see some of you right now, Papa Bear!”
Hunching a little, Jake just nods, “Let’s get some coffee.”
Driving to Deja Brew, I go over Mary’s reaction and start to get nervous. Maybe this is a mistake. I lose Mary, then I lose Sage. I don’t want to come between siblings.



Walking into Deja Brew, all my old doubts are still swirling around in my head like a never-ending circle. This relationship between Sage and I can only spell disaster for our group. We should still be able to make a clean break of it right? No, there’s no way I could. Leaving Sage is going to break me. She should be fine though. There’s always some guy in town who wants to be around her. Taking a deep breath, I follow Jake and Mary into Deja Brew. 
My eyes go straight to Sage, just like they always do. God she’s gorgeous, and she was mine, even for a short amount of time. When she sees me, her eyes light up, and I’m going to snuff that light. God, I’m nervous. But I can wait til tonight. I give her a smile, and I see her kind of falter a little as she looks between Mary and I, then gets a glare on her face.
Mary, of course, isn’t even looking at his sister. Instead he zeros in on Noelle, who is off to the side working on some paperwork. Shit, can he be any more obvious? A smirk graces his face, and he’s leaning into her. Noelle is doing her best to ignore him, but when Mary leans in close to talk to her, she pushes him back by placing a hand on his chest and whispering fiercely before walking toward her office. 
Sage is watching the whole interaction with narrowed eyes. It’s really amazing to watch this from the outside. I watch as Sage goes to her brother, blocking him from following Noelle. I have no clue what’s being said, but Sage is being Sage, talking with her hands and a glare on her face. Watching this while waiting in line, Sage all of a sudden turns and points her finger at me while still talking to her brother. Oh shit, what’s going on?
“Hey, Jake! Hey Ollie. What can I getcha?” Roni asks.
Not paying attention, I just wave my hand, my eyes still on the scene between Sage and Mary. 
Giggling, she gets to work on my drink, she knows what I like. However, when she finishes it, she doesn’t hand it to me. Instead she takes it to Sage. “Here, take this, you know Ollie. He’ll only take a drink after you’ve had one,” and she takes off giggling even more. 
Turning back to the counter, Roni takes Jake’s order, flirting and asking questions about Dez, who’s sitting patiently, but he only responds with a couple of gruff words, then moves to the side. After he gets a drink, with a Puppucino for Dez, he looks around. His eyes light on someone and I watch as he starts walking toward them. Watching where he’s going, I see him going to sit with Becca. 
Honestly, am I in the Twilight Zone? 
I want to avoid Sage and Mary for as long as possible, but looking at Jake, I can see he’s actually smiling and talking to Becca while she pets Dez, and I don’t want to ruin that. Shit. I can’t just stand here. Especially since when I look at Sage, she’s staring at me. When she catches my eye, she takes a long swallow of her caramel macchiato, then goes back to whisper yelling whatever it is at Mary. Sighing, I walk over to Sage.
Taking the coffee cup from her, I wrap my other arm around her shoulder and place a kiss on her lips quickly. Glancing at Mary I can tell he’s fuming. Shit. Shit, shit, shit. Looking at Sage I can see that same anger directed at Mary. 
“So, this is awkward,” I say as I take a sip of Sage’s caramel macchiato. 
That breaks the tension, but not in a good way. Mary points his finger. At Sage, “I warned you about him! I told you to stay away from him when you were younger. Now, you two are fucking!?”
“Dude, Mary, this is personal business, can we do this somewhere else please?” I need to get him away from the customers.
“Answer me this one question,” he says, looking dead at Sage. “Do you love him?”
Shit, not what I was expecting. “Hey Mary, come on. We don’t have to get into that.”
“That’s right! It’s not your business Mary! Maybe I’m just using Oliver for sex!” Sage blurts out loud and clear, and the whole bakery quiets down to listen in.
“Sage, maybe we should go to the office and finish this,” I suggest.
“No, everyone can know this,” and she yells to Deja Brew at large, “I’m having sex with local law enforcement hottie Oliver Turner!” Then she turns to whisper at Mary, “And it’s the best sex I have ever had!”
Ok, don’t get me wrong, I like being called a hottie by Sage, but yeah this has to stop. “Sage, can you please stop digging my grave for him?”
She whips her head to look at me, “What are you talking about?”
“Maybe the fact that I’m about to beat the shit out of my ex-friend for using my sister?” 
“Please, you would never –,”
“Try me,” as he cracks his knuckles giving me a look that would scare other people.
“Mary, can I talk to you alone?” I ask.
“Sure, office now,” Damn big baby.
We start walking down the hall toward Noelle’s office, with Sage intending to follow us, but I stop and turn back to her, “Sage, let me deal with this, ok?”
“You shouldn’t have too though. He has no business in whether we pursue a relationship or just have sex.”
“Babe, he does,” I say.
“But –,” Sage starts to say when I interrupt her. “He’s your brother and one of my best friends. He has a right to do what he needs to in order to protect you. Please just see that,” I lean forward to kiss her, hand her the remaining caramel macchiato, and walk to the office.
When I catch up to Mary, I find him standing in the open doorway to the office watching Noelle while she’s working. When she glances up and sees Mary, she glares at him, packs her stuff, and walks out, making sure to keep her laptop bag between her and Mary, who is blocking her exit. 
“Let her by and don’t touch MY sister,” is said in a calm voice behind us. Turning we see Jake leaning against the wall, waiting with Dez next to him.
“What are you doing here?” Mary asks.
“Going to see if I can either keep you from fighting, or at the very least keep you from beating each other to death,” shrugging, he includes, “either way is good with me,” as his hand rests on Dez’s head.
As Noelle scampers down the hall to the front, all three of us head into the tiny office, made even smaller when Jake enters. Mary heads straight to the desk and starts looking for something. “I hope you’re not looking for a weapon or something,” I joke a little.
“No, just looking,” is the cryptic response.
“Care to explain why you all of a sudden went nuts on us out there? You were fine with me and Sage a couple days ago and now you’re not?”
Jake interrupts, “How long have you and Sage been, um, well – “
“A couple weeks, give or take some…,” and I catch Mary’s eyes, looking at me and practically daring me to finish.
Raising his eyebrows while glaring his eyes (terrifying if you ask me), Jake asks “Finally? Damn took you long enough.”
Glaring back at him, I say, “Yeah, yeah. Whatever.”
“No seriously,” Mary interjects. “You‘ve been in love with my sister since high school. High school dude. Eleven years!”
“No I haven’t! I promise!” 
“I think you’re under a mistaken impression that I would be mad at this for some reason,” Mary says.
“Well, you just yelled at me in front of Jake’s house, followed by yelling at Sage, and announcing to Deja Brew and all of Granbury that we’re having sex!” My voice has been rising through that entire spiel so that by the time I reach the end I’m yelling while point at the door. 
Looking at me like I’m an idiot, Mary says, “I was hoping to pressure you into admitting you love Sage and vice versa. You guys are acting ridiculous. I know you two love each other. Sage is just too chicken shit to admit it first, so you’re going to have to man up and say it first.”
“What’s happening here?” I ask Jake and the room at large. All Jake can do is shrug his shoulders at me. 
“Look Ollie, I don’t know what’s holding you back from making this an actual permanent relationship, but whatever it is let it go.”
Running my hands through my hair, I look at Mary, “I’m scared that it won’t work out. What if I’m not enough? What if I do something that pisses Sage of, and you get angry at me for pissing her off? What if I make her the wrong food? What if –,”
“Dude, everything you’re saying consists of what ifs! Have you ever known Sage to hold on to her anger like that? So what if you make her mad. You’ll make it up to her. You always have.” Mary sighs then, points at me, “Just tell her,” and walks out the door. 
Looking at the door, movement catches my eye, and I see Jake still in the office. He walks up to me, and quietly says, “When you admit it here,” and he taps my chest, “you can share it with her. Don’t do it until you’re sure, even though everyone around you already sees it,” and he walks out, leaving me standing there in shock.
When did my friends become guidance counselors?



Chapter 17

Sage



I can’t believe Mary pulled that shit! What right does he have to talk like that and announce that we’re having sex to the entire free world! I know I didn’t help any by yelling about Officer McHottie, but it’s the truth and since it’s my business I can share it with anyone I want! Even all of Granbury! Asshole.
Don’t even get me started on Oliver. Where does he get off trying to keep me from taking part in something that involves me? Yeah, there’s no way in hell that’s going to happen again. He better be thankful I have to deal with Deja Brew right now. Asshole.
Every man is an asshole. Except Jake. And Dez. Dez is too cute and fluffy and loveable. If he weren’t Jake’s support dog, I would totally steal him. Maybe I could bribe him? Buy him some toys or something. Bribe him with Puppucinos. Make it a slow and subtle process. Please, who am I kidding? We got Luci upstairs, and I’m pretty sure Luci would hate Dez. 
I’m cleaning up a table when Mary walks out from the back. When he reaches the center of the seating area, he turns in a circle. What is this idiot doing? Sighing, I ask, “Mary, you alright?”
“Yeah, where’s Noelle?”
“I don’t know. She just walked out the front –,” and I’m interrupted by the door closing as Mary walks out. All of a sudden, he turns around and pokes his head back in the doorway. Pointing at me he says, “Talk to Ollie, seriously,” and he walks out again, leaving me standing there in shock and confusion. 
Next thing I know, Jake comes back with Dez and takes a seat in the corner with his back to the wall so he can see everything. Walking up to his table, where he nods to take a seat across from him, which I do, I ask, “Is there something going on that I don’t know about?”
“There’s much you don’t know yet, but you will,” he says with a roll of his eyes. “Act no better than little bitches if you ask me.”
“Excuse me?” 
“Not you, Mary and Ollie. They need to grow the fuck up,” Jake says while reaching down to rub his leg where the prosthetic is attached below the knee. “Bastards have kept me on my toes too much.”
Laughing, I look at him, before sobering up. Leaning forward I put my hand on his, “Are you ok? You know we all missed you?”
Looking away, Jake says, “Yeah, I missed you guys too.”
Tears start to pool in my eyes, “When we heard that you were hurt…”
“Ah, shit,” Jake says and drags me on to his lap where he just holds me. He’s rubbing his hands up and down my back, Dez has his head in my lap, and I’m petting his soft fur when Oliver finds us. 
“Everything ok?”
“Can people please stop asking me that,” Jake says with a lot of exasperation.
“OK, I’ll take that as a yes, everything is fine,” Then he turns to me, “Sage, honey?” 
Sniffling, I turn my head from where I’m spreading snot on Jake to see Oliver crouched down in front of me, “What?”
“You want to come with me to get coffee for us,” he says with a small smile.
“Will I get my own?”
“Yeah, right,” he snorts. “How long have you known me?”
“I would really like to have my own coffee.”
“And I’m saying right now that will never happen. Now will you come with me or no?”
Nodding at him, I get off Jake’s lap and Oliver grabs my hand, raising it to his mouth for a kiss before I walk behind the counter and start on our coffee. As I work, he leans forward to tuck my hair behind my ear. “You alright?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I say with a watery smile. “It’s just been a morning you know?”
Sighing, he looks at me with a smile, “Yeah I getcha.”
“I could have done without my brother yelling at us about having sex.”
Nodding his head, Oliver adds, “On the other hand, I wouldn’t mind you calling me Officer McHottie or anything like that at any point, maybe in bed?”
Looking at him, I can only shake my head and laugh “You wish.” 
Finishing up the drinks for Jake and me (well Jake and Oliver), I hand them to Oliver and wave him toward the table as I walk around the counter. At the table, Jake takes his coffee and quietly drinks while I start to drink mine only to have Oliver take it. Some things never change. We sit there quietly for a while before Jake gets up, “Ollie, I need to go to the hardware store. Want to just meet me down there?”
“I’ll just go now.”
“No, dude, sit and talk with Sage. Becca’s upstairs sleeping…,” Jake says.
Oliver looks at me with a question in his eyes before turning to Jake, “No, I don’t want to wear out my welcome when it’s barely started,” as he throws a wink in my direction.
I look at Oliver and give him a kiss, “Just go with him. You guys have already proven to be a massive distraction to me today.”
“I’m coming by tonight,” Oliver says.
“I’m counting on that,” I say saucily and with a wink before walking away to get to work.



“Hey Becca?”
“Yeah Hon?”
“Um, do you think you could, um…?”
“Do you want me to leave so you can have crazy monkey sex with my brother?”
“Yes, please that would be great!”
Sighing, Becca mumbles under her breath, “Damn sex fiends. Can you take a break for once?” Then she grabs her bag, “I’ll be at Jake’s for the night. He mentioned that he’s demolishing something. Maybe I can beat up a wall,” and she’s gone. 
As soon as the door closes, I rush into action. I put out some wine and cheese and crackers before heading to my room. I take a quick shower, making sure to shave, and slather myself in lotion. I’m putting the finishing touches on myself when there’s a knock on the door. Running to the door I stop to catch my breath. Then I open it with a flourish.
“Wow,” Oliver stands there, stunned, his mouth hanging open.
“Hello Officer, am I in trouble?” 
“Uh, yeah…,” Oliver nods his head, walking in with his eyes never leaving me.
After I close the door, I turn and lean my back against it. “Do I need to be handcuffed?” As I bite the tip of a finger, I make sure to pose seductively. I spread the white silk robe to show him the sheer teddy underneath with thigh high stockings attached. 
“Uh, uh, uh….,” Oliver stutters. 
Walking toward him so that we’re chest to chest, I kiss him lightly, which sets Oliver off. He grabs me by the back of my thighs and lifts me up pushing me back against the door. I wrap my legs around his waist, as he strokes my thighs
“Think you can find a couple more of these?” Oliver asks as he fondles the top of my thigh highs. 
“What do you mean find? I have several in a drawer already.” 
“Oh, hell yeah,” before he takes me under and scrambles my brain for a couple of hours. 



Sex with Oliver only gets better and better I swear. We’re laying on my bed, having just finished round 2. I want to say something, but I don’t know what. Cheesy, but I’m happy, and I want to call my friends and tell them. I also want to roll over and straddle Oliver and go for round three.
“What say we go on a date?” Oliver asks out of the blue.
“Sorry?”
“A date. Like an outing that only has you and me and no one else.”
“Are you sure? I mean we already do things all the time.”
“I’m serious when I say I want something more. Sage, we’re dating. You’re my girlfriend. I want everyone to know.”
“I’m your girlfriend?”
“Aren’t you?”
“You just called me your girlfriend.”
“Yeah, because you are,” Oliver’s starting to sound impatient, “don’t you think you’re my girlfriend?”
“And that would make you my, my boyfriend?”
“I would hope so. Sage you ok?”
“You’re my boyfriend, and I’m your girlfriend.”
“Sage…”
“We’re dating!”
“Yes, we are,” Oliver says with a laugh, “sure you’re ok?”
“Oliver Turner is my boyfriend!”
With a jump, Oliver and I are tangled in each other, enjoying the excitement of our new relationship. 



Chapter 18

Oliver



Finally, I can take Sage on a date. The past couple of days have been busy between work and dealing with Mary and Jake being here. Honestly, I think Mary’s just trying to cock block me as much as possible to keep me from doing anything with his “baby sister.” Believe me, he doesn’t want to know what we have done and where, I guarantee that. Sage and I have had to get creative, especially since Mary lives with me and Becca is with Sage. Maybe I can talk Sage into trading with Mary. The idea has merit, but I immediately dismiss it, because I wouldn’t want to push Mary on Becca. She would never forgive me! 
Driving to Sage’s, I have a big surprise for our date tonight. I can’t wait to see what she thinks. I told her to dress casually, so we’ll see what she wears. I guarantee I’m going to want to strip it off her as soon as I see her. I’m in a pair of relaxed jeans, nice pair of shoes, and a dark green polo that looks damn good across my shoulders and arms if I do say so myself. Plus, and this is me going girly, it makes my gorgeous green eyes pop, just like Sage likes. Got my hair cut earlier and have a bit of a scruff because I ran out of time, but it’s all good. Sage will like me no matter what. Well, I hope she does.
Driving along I’ll admit I’m nervous. I have wanted this for I have no clue how long. I know kissing and sex are great, especially when deeper feelings are involved. But the dating. I mean, I honestly believe we have been dating for years, since we were actually in our teens. Baking was just an excuse plus all those times in college when we hung out.
Sage would say otherwise, so here we are. I’m tapping on my steering wheel as I pull up to the back of Deja Brew. I had to put the top on the jeep recently, which was a good thing considering how often Sage and I got to doing things in here. Need some privacy. Either way, I get out and start walking up the stairs when Sage appears, and my heart skips a beat.
Can I just say wow. She’s standing at the top of the stairs in a jean miniskirt with a white tank top under a form fitting red plaid button up. She has on a pair of boots that end right beneath her knees. And she’s completed the look with a cowboy hat that looks familiar. “Hey! Isn’t that mine?!” I ask as I recognize the hat.
Sliding her purse on her shoulder Sage gives me a smile and walks down the steps towards me. I can’t wait to see what she’s wearing underneath that outfit. Date first Oliver, Date first. Then you can have sex with her. Remember that. Keep the end in mind. Eyes on the prize!
When Sage stops in front of me, she looks me in the eye because she’s now practically at eye level with me, “Oh, this old thang? I found it in some boy’s room when I was like 16 or 17, I think? Who knows? I claimed it as mine though.”
Picking her up and kissing her, I ask, “What were you doing in my room? I spent an entire summer wondering where that damn hat went!” 
She kisses me, and shrugging says, “I was missing you when you were at college. Whenever you came home you steered clear of me. We didn’t bake unless someone else was with us. I missed you.”
Damn, could she be any cuter? “Well, you can’t miss me anymore, can you? I’m just a text away,” I tell her as I kiss her. 
“You can put me down now so we can go,” Sage informs me. 
“What if I don’t want to?” I keep her off her feet and twirl her in a couple of circles when I hear someone yelling.
“Dear lord. Can you guys just cut this shit out? It’s making me sick!” We look up to see Becca watching us from the top of the stairs with her phone pointed at us. Just for her, I put Sage down then dip her, forcing her to hold the hat on her head with one hand and the other goes around my shoulders, and I kiss her, sucking her tongue into my mouth.
As we pull apart, Sage asks me, “Are you sure you want to go out? We can always stay in…,” as she catches her breath. 
Smiling, I shake my head, “Nope, we’re going out. I got plans.” Looking up to Becca, I see her with her phone still out. “What are you doing?”
“Evidence. Noelle and Roni will never believe you pulled that move! Sage?” and when Sage looks at her, Becca gives a thumbs up, “You look hot. I’d do you!”
Laughing, Sage just waves and walks to the jeep, where I follow and open the door for her. And promptly swallow my tongue as that miniskirt of hers goes all the way up, showing her panties, a lavender see-through concoction. Looking at them, my hand goes towards them, and I slide a finger against them, stroking her a bit. “Does the top match the bottoms?” I ask. 
Sage looks at me, making sure to spread her legs more, before leaning forward, “I’m not wearing a bra,” forcing me to suck in a deep breath. Looking at her chest, I can see that the tank top is see-through, but the over shirt covers a lot. I reach up and push it just a little to the side and her nipples are hard and easy to see. My hand slides up her chest and around to the back of her neck before I lean my forehead against hers. “You’re going to be the death of me, aren’t you?”
“I try!” 
Groaning, I pull my hands away from her and walk around to get in. “You ready for the first Sage and Oliver date?”
“Yes! But I was thinking, maybe we should have one of those cute names like Brangelina or Bennifer? We can combine ours! Like Sagiver? Or Oliveage?”
I stop and turn to her, luckily being at a red light, “Are you serious?”
“Serious as a heart attack,” she says as she watches me. 
Swallowing, I’m at a loss, “Uh, sure. If you want.” Please God no, those are the stupidest things and Becca has heard me enough times go off on it when I hear those stupid names…wait a sec. “Becca?” I say without having to say anything more.
“Sure was! She said you had a conniption about it a couple days ago when your mom brought someone up,” she says laughing.
“So let me get this straight, no names? Right?” Please say no names.
“Yeah, no I’m good. We can be our own person and still be together. Whenever I hear those names, I cringe myself.”
Relief washes over me, and I grab her hand to kiss before I move ahead with our date.



“Oh my god, that was the best date ever!!” Sage is on cloud nine, and we’re not even done.
Laughing, I say, “We only went miniature golfing. We still got dinner to go to,” as I twirl her in the parking lot.
“Don’t care. I got to go miniature golfing! Do you know how hard it is to find someone to go with me? Becca and Noelle say I’m too competitive! It’s been years Oliver! YEARS! And my favorite person in the world just took me! We can end this date now and I would be happy!” 
“Well, I’m glad you enjoyed it,” I say. “Seriously, I had to dig deep for this idea. I wanted to make sur this date meant something to us.” 
Personally, it was torture, watching Sage bend over to pick her damn ball up. I think she was doing it on purpose after a while. Not to mention standing close to me or stroking her hand down my back. Or worse my hip. At one point, we had to let people go by us, so I just grabbed her hips and pulled her ass to my crotch, making sure to grind against her. I’m pretty sure I could have bent her over, moved her panties to the side and taken her then. But I’m a law enforcement officer. I managed to hold myself in check. Barely.
Grabbing Sage’s hand, I get her in the car and we’re heading out of town. She’s bouncing in her seat, turned towards me, “What’s for dinner?”
“Can I not keep surprising you?”
“Sadly, no. The answer could change how things go the rest of the night, and I would rather end it on a high note.”
Shaking my head, “No, sorry, we’re doing dinner. Besides, no matter what we’re going to end this on a high note,” I say with a promise and a smirk.
We’re driving along, listening to music and enjoying just being together. One would think silence is uncomfortable but with Sage it barely registers. We both just enjoy being around each other. Like the other evening, everyone had met at my house, and we just chilled and watched movies. 
One by one everyone fell asleep, except for Noelle who had to pick up Quinn and head home. Shortly after Mary went to his room. Roni passed out on the loveseat. Jake and Becca were passed out on opposite ends of the couch, with Dez between them. Dez has taken a liking, maybe even a loving for Becca. It’s so bad that it’s hard for him to stay near Jake. Becca helps out by sitting by Jake, which she says, “isn’t a hardship,” whatever that means. 
I had Sage sitting sideways on my lap, her head on my shoulder as we watched the movie. Not a single word was said. I just stroked her arm and kissed her every now and then. When the movie ended, we cleaned up together before heading to my room, where we kept our peace as we made slow love to each other. With that, do you know how hard it is to keep Sage quiet at all? Not easy at all let me tell you! She is full of moans and sighs that drive me crazy and I want to hear them all!
Back to the present, we’re approaching dinner, and I look at Sage and give her a smile before nodding my head at a sign. And the jeep is filled with screams of excitement. That’s right ladies and gentlemen, I just took my girl to In-N-Out Burger. I know, I know, where’s the romance, the love? This is Sage. This girl ate In-N-Out all through college. Now it’s really too far for her to go or so she says. 
“How did you know Oliver?!”
“I have my ways,” I reply.
Hitting me on the arm, “Seriously, how did you know?”
“It was Becca,” I begin, only to be interrupted. “Don’t you lie to me Oliver Turner! I know when you lie, and you’re doing it now. We’re not doing this.”
Shit, I didn’t want her to know the extent of my stalking, but I have to tell her. “Remember college?”
“Yes…”
“Well,” I begin, rubbing the back of my neck, “I may have watched you. A lot. And learned your likes and dislikes. And In-N-Out was the biggest thing. I saw you eating it easily every other day.”
“You watched me,” she says with a weird look. 
“Yeah.”
“Isn’t that stalking?”
“Well, I didn’t harass you or threaten you anything, so no. I…I just watched.”
“And why did you watch me?”
“Well, at first it was because I was watching over you for Mary’s sake,” and she looks at me shaking her head no. Sighing, “Fine, you already know I liked being around you, and I missed you too. It was the same as you with this hat. I wanted to feel close to you,” as I pull up to the drive thru.
“Why didn’t you just talk to me then?”
I place our orders before answering, “Are you crazy? Do you realize at all how many guys you had around you? I didn’t stand a chance!” She sits there quietly, holding my hand. She still hasn’t said anything when I get our food and drive us to a quiet and empty park.
As we eat our food, neither one of us is saying anything, but then it got to me. I grab our trash and throw it in a nearby trash bin before getting back in the Jeep. “Everything ok? Did I say something?” Shit, please don’t let me have said anything wrong!
Keeping her voice down, Sage turns to look at me, “All you had to do was take that chance. Just came up and sat down next to me, and I would have been yours. All those guys? They were my attempt to get over you. This damn hat I’m wearing? It was in my dorm room all through college!” She’s breathing hard and the fire in her eyes is sexy beyond belief, and she continues, “It’s only ever been you damn it.” 
I have to have her now. Hearing her say everything turns me on to a painful point. I grab her and drag her over to my lap, kissing her deeply as my hands plow through her hair and she starts grabbing my shirt to rip it off. I let go of her long enough to help her pull it over my head, and she straddles my thighs. But then I grab her plaid shirt and rip it off, sending buttons flying everywhere, leaving her in the see-through tank, miniskirt, and boots. 
I pause, “Sage, we’re in a park. It’s empty, but I’m all for this.”
She pulls back and looks around before shrugging her shoulders, one of her tank top straps hanging off, and leaning down to continue to kiss me while working the belt on my jeans. “We don’t need to remove everything completely…”
Hell yeah, it’s on. I pull the front of her tank top down, uncovering her breasts. Squeezing them in my hands, I tease one nipple with my mouth, biting it before sucking it til its hard while my other hand is molding and pinching the other one. God, I want to feel them against me. I love feeling Sage’s naked body against mine, so I wrap my arms around her ribs and pulling her close rubbing her breasts against mine as I thrust my hard cock against her. Groaning, my head is on her shoulder. I want to be inside her so bad.
She pulls back and her hand finally gets my cock out. My hands go to her miniskirt and push it up to her waist, leaving her clothes for the most wrapped around her waist. My hands are rubbing her thighs, her breasts, everywhere, before I suck a nipple into my mouth. Then my hands travel up to her heat. 
Taking her panties in hand, I rip them from her, and with one hand, I bring them up to my face and breathe in her scent while the other is sliding through her folds to slide two fingers in her. Sage starts rocking and bouncing on my fingers and my cock is sliding along her the crack of her ass, and damn this is getting hot, especially with her panties in my face, but I have to have more.
I throw the panties to the chair next to me, grab my cock as I pull my fingers from her body, making sure my cock is in position so that on her next downward slide she’s sliding on my cock, taking me deep. Once she has me to the hilt inside her body and is pulsing around me, we both still. Sage’s hands wrap around my head, and she kisses me deeply before moving. Just watching her move is gorgeous. I lean down to nip at her breasts and suck on her nipples as my hands are on her hips helping her move faster.
“Oliver, I need to come,” she gasps.
“I know baby, just let go.”
“Please….”
“What do you need me to do?” I ask.
“T-Touch me,” she says.
When I laugh, I feel her pussy contracting against my cock. Well, obviously that turned her on. One of my hands reaches her hot core, sliding through her folds to where I can feel my cock as she moves on top of me before going up to her clit and rubbing it with my thumb. My other hand reaches around to her ass, squeezing it tight. “Damn Sage you’re hot. I don’t want this to ever stop. That’s it baby, move faster,” I encourage her, and she shatters over me. 
I continue to thrust up into her prolonging her orgasm until she’s a quivering mass. Sweat is covering us, and I desperately want to taste her. My tongue snakes out along her collarbone, tasting her sweat as she has her head thrown back. “Damn Sage, you taste so good!”
When Sage finally rests her head on my shoulder, I kiss her on her neck. She pulls back to look at me, “Your turn now buckaroo, I could go for another…” and hell yeah, I love this girl!
I grab her hips, “Hold on,” and I start thrusting up into her hard and fast. Her hands are sliding along my chest before heading to her own body. Yeah, my girl knows what I like, and it’s to watch her touch herself. As I’m thrusting up, sweat is beading up everywhere on both of us leaving us slick. I watch her hands fondle and squeeze her breasts and nipples, sliding around her neck, one hand going down to her clit. “Sage….”
“I’m close Oliver.”
“So am I, keep touching yourself,” and she goes a little harder on herself, pinching her nipples harder and rubbing her clit faster. I lean forward to take possession of her neglected breast, nipping at the nipple before I suck it into my mouth, hearing her moan in pleasure. As I start to feel the beginnings of her orgasm ripple along my cock, it sets off my orgasm, and I punch hard up into Sage, releasing deep inside her with a couple of hard thrusts, setting off another orgasm for her. 
“Oliver!” Sage moans before collapsing on me.
We’re sitting in the front seat of my jeep, resting, practically all of Sage exposed, just trying to stay as close together as possible. The windows are completely fogged over, and the smell of sex and cherries is all around us. My cock, though, has a mind of its own, and at some point slides out of Sage. We both feel the missing piece at the same time, and Sage leans back against the steering wheel, sighing, in no way repairing her clothes. “Well, it’s been a while since this jeep has seen action I bet!”
Laughing, “Sage, well, this is the first action this jeep has seen…”
“You’re joking! What about Missy Rogers? Daisy Sanders? Any of the other chicks you…”
“I fucked? Yeah, no. All of them were in a bed, not on counters or in vehicles.” Looking in her eyes, “It’s only ever been with you,” I say with a self-deprecating laugh. “I never wanted to chance anything unless it was with you.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah, oh.”
Sage is quiet for a couple of minutes, her blue eyes searching mine. Then she slaps me across the chest. “You asshole! We wasted so much time!!!”
Leaning forward, I grab her nipple with my teeth, nipping it before soothing it with my tongue. “We’re making up for it now.”
Sighing, she just holds my head for a while as we sit there holding each other. Soon though, I lean back. “We gotta head back…”
Pouting, Sage goes, “I don’t want to. I know we have to though.”
“Yeah, where do you want to sleep? My house or yours.”
Snorting she says, “As if that’s a question. Mary lives with you so no thank you. My place is better,” and she starts putting her clothes to rights. I leave mine alone until she’s sitting in her seat. She’s holding her panties. “I guess these are trash, but,” and she looks at me with a wicked grin, “it was fucking hot watching you breathe them in.”
I wink at her, and reply, “I’m sure I can make that happen more…”
“I’ll soon be out of panties though if you were to keep ripping them from my body,” she points out.
“I’ll buy you more, don’t worry.”



Chapter 19

Sage



Oh yeah, it’s that time. It’s been a couple of weeks since our first date, and I’m getting ready for our second official date. Between the first one and today, we’ve been busy, between Oliver taking a couple of night shifts a week, hanging out with our friends, and just plain being tired. Oliver spends most nights at my place, because he’s “uncomfortable” taking advantage of Mary’s little sister with only a wall between the two rooms. I can only roll my eyes and call bullshit, but whatever. His bed sure is more comfortable than mine though. I wonder if I can sneak it over here? Noelle and Becca would help. I should ask Jake.
Back to where I’m at. Getting ready. It’s my turn to choose the date, and I get to drive Oliver’s Jeep. Yeah, that was a hard sell, because that Jeep is Oliver’s baby, and he says now that it’s been christened, he doesn’t want to chance it. But I told him since I get to choose this date, I should get to drive, and since we tend to get frisky in his car, mine won’t cut it being a little sedan. God, I’m hoping for a repeat of our last date.
Noelle and Becca are helping me get ready, “What’s the plan for tonight?” Noelle asks.
“Bowling and nasty bowling alley food,” is my response. 
“Gross, why?”
Becca jumps in, “Ollie will love that. He loves that kind of shit.”
“Exactly. Plus, say I wear this skirt,” holding up a little bit thing that flows to mid-thigh, “I’m sure he’ll have even more fun.”
“Do you seriously want him to bend you over the ball return with everyone watching?” Noelle responds.
Becca starts making vomit noises, “That’s my brother, please stop!” as I giggle. “You never know what can happen in the future. I figure I want to be ready and make it easy.”
“Again, brother!!!” Becca yells causing Noelle and I to start laughing. 
“Well, if it goes like the last date went, then you should have fun. Have you scoped out spots yet?” Roni asks as she walks in, “I have a couple ideas I could share.”
I throw a pillow at Roni, “No, but Mary is staying at Jake’s house tonight, so we’ll probably just head over to Oliver’s,” I inform them.
“Hmmm,” Noelle says before grabbing her phone to start texting.  
I’m putting my make up on when I look at her in the mirror. “What is hmmm?”
“Nothing, I just didn’t know that Jake could have people spend the night is all,” she says with a shrug.
Becca pipes in, “Yeah, he is. I’ve been over there a couple nights when Sage here is getting her groove on. We chill and have coffee sometimes. He’s doing good with the house. Definitely moving faster than I thought he would be considering…”
“Considering what?” Noelle gets defensive.
I jump in, “Noelle, we all thought and think what Becca is telling you. We’re just too afraid to say it out loud.”
“What? The fact that my brother lost his leg?” Looking at Becca with eyes blazing, she continues, “Is that a problem?”
Becca shakes her head, eyes wide, “Noelle, you know me, you know us, better than that! What’s wrong with you?”
“Nothing.”
“Well you’ve been acting weird lately,” Becca says and looks at me. I nod my head. “I think we should do another girls night. We’ll invite Dylan. The guys can watch Mason and Quinn. Do whatever crap guys do and all that.”
“I think that’s a great idea!” I say. “I could use one too!”
“Good,” Becca says and points to Noelle, “No excuses. I’m setting it up.”
“Fine, whatever,” Noelle says acting like she doesn’t care. 
Looking at Roni, who shrugs, I walk over to Noelle. With Becca on her other side, we both hug her. “If you want to talk about anything, we’re here.”
Noelle grabs our arms and just hangs her head. “It’s just hard right now. I’ll be fine though. Just give me some time.”
“Alright, but can you leave Mary alone? You set off a devious streak in him, and he likes to push your buttons,” I request.
Shrugging, Noelle says, “I’ll try but you may want to talk to your jackass brother more than me.”
“I’ll see what I can do,” I say as I go to finish getting ready. I slide my skirt up, twirling to see how high it’ll go before putting a silky looking shirt on and a little jacket. 
“You look a wee bit overdressed for bowling,” Noelle points out, and Becca quickly agrees. “Bowling shoes will definitely not go with that.”
Shrugging, I say, “It’s not about the shoes anyways, it’s about the show I’m going to put on.”
Roni jumps up, having stayed quiet, “Yes! That’s what I’m talking about!”
“Good lord,” Noelle mumbles. 
I laugh as I put some strappy sandals on, then looking at my purse, I put a pair of socks in. “Have to be prepared!”



We’re sitting in the kitchen relaxing for only a couple of minutes when we hear the doorbell. I have been bouncing in my seat with excitement. When I get up to go answer it, Becca stops me and gets up herself to answer it. 
We can only see Becca when she opens the door. Sighing dramatically, she goes, “What do you want Oliver?”
“Uh, Sage? We have a date tonight…”
I see her cock her head toward us. “She didn’t say she had a date…”
“Come on Becca, quit playing around, go get Sage.”
“Ollie, I have no clue what you’re talking about. Sage and Noelle went shopping…”
“Sage! Get your ass out here!” Yeah, sounds like Oliver’s getting pissed maybe.
“No need to yell, just call her. No one knew about this date…”
“What? We’ve been talking about this around y’all for a couple of weeks! You even teased us about it!”
“Honestly, Ollie, it’s cute that you think I listen to you guys. It’s quite disgusting the love fest that happens when you two are in the same room.”
“Get over it, where’s Sage?”
“I don’t know…Hey!” she exclaims as Ollie pushes into the apartment. He doesn’t even look in the kitchen as he walks by within feet of where we’re sitting. I hear him down the hall, presumably going into my room while calling my name, “Sage? Get your ass out here right now for this date!”
I’m sitting there slack jawed at his reaction to Becca’s prodding, literally unable to say anything. When he comes back down the hall, he’s yelling, “Becca, where is she? Tell me now!” Noelle is hiding her mouth in her hands giggling like mad, Roni is smirking, and Becca is just standing there leaning against the door looking bored. “You won’t find her in her room Ollie…”
“Then where the hell is she?!”
Becca waves her hand towards us, and Ollie turns his head. Immediately we make eye contact, and where he looked worried or stressed, maybe angry before, a look of relief crosses his face and he’s rushing to me, pulling me out of my seat so he can kiss me.
“Good God, this is the kitchen Ollie!” Noelle exclaims right next to us. “This is not the time or place for this!”
Breaking the kiss, Oliver looks at her and grins devilishly, “Anytime is the right time, and any place is the right place when it comes to Sage.” Oh wow. He’s good.
Laughing, Becca opens the door and waves to it, “Get out of here. I’ll be at Noelle’s tonight so I can get some sleep, so watch it. We cook in the kitchen and watch movies in the living room so keep it to the bedroom.”
Rolling our eyes, I grab my purse and Oliver’s hand and we walk out together. When we reach the car, Oliver goes to hand me into the passenger side, “Oliver?”
“Yeah babe?” as he stands there looking confused.
“Remember our deal?”
“Yes…but-,”
“Nope. My date, I drive. You already agreed!” I hold out my hand, “Keys please.”
Sighing, he looks around, “You know this goes against the grain, right? The guy drives on dates.”
“Not this one, and since my car is too small for us…,” I begin.
“Fine,” and he drops the keys in my hand before walking me over to the driver’s side and opening that door for me. When I’m seated, he leans in and kisses me, “You owe me now,” he says with a smoking hot look in his eyes and rakish smile. Standing up, he raps his knuckles on the ceiling before jogging over to the passenger side and getting in. 



“Well, I guess we’re done bowling,” I say as Oliver drags me to the door, dropping our shoes off on the way.
“You can say that again! What the hell were you thinking?!” Oliver growls. Of course, that could be due to the show I put on for him. Every time I went up to bowl, I would come back to see his knuckles white and his breathing heavy. Gee I wonder why?
“Well, a date doing something you enjoy sounded like a plan to me!” This man exacerbates me sometimes. 
Turning to look at me, he points to the bowling alley and goes “That in there was not a date! That was you flaunting yourself! And to every guy in there!”
Leaning into him, I say, “the only person I was flaunting anything to was you jackass!” and I punctuate that with a finger to his chest before walking off. 
“Sage, this isn’t done!”
“I don’t care Oliver! I’m going home!” I have my phone in hand and am getting ready to call Becca to come get me when my phone is taken from me.
“Look, we need to talk,” he says with a sigh and looking around, pocketing my phone.
“About what? That I’m a slut apparently?”
“I didn’t say that!”
“Well that’s what it sounded like to me!”
Oliver takes my hand and pulls me to his jeep where he opens the passenger door and literally picks me up and puts me in. Then he holds out his hand, silently asking for his keys which I gladly hand over before he runs around to get in and we take off. The entire drive is done in silence, and when he pulls into his driveway, I hear him sigh. 
“Guess this is our first fight huh?” he says as we sit there, breaking the silence.
Snorting, I glare at him with my arms crossed, “We’ve had plenty of fights.”
Taking my hands, he says, “But this is our first one since we started dating.” Shrugging, he goes on, “it had to happen at some time.”
“But Oliver, I don’t even know why you’re mad.”
“It’s you. What you’re wearing, and how what we were doing would cause that little skimpy skirt to slide up showing the bottom of your gorgeous ass to everyone,” he says angrily, and then he grabs me by the back of the head bring my face closer to his, “and that is a sight that should only ever be mine!” Then he kisses me.
I feel his frustration in that kiss. Maybe a hint of possession as well. His mouth takes control, his tongue immediately thrusting into my mouth. “I cannot stand that other people, other men, saw things that only I should see,” before taking my mouth again, his hands tunneling through my hair holding me in place.
Pulling back, “Oliver, everything that is me is yours. Don’t you know that by now?” I ask.
“It’s just that sometimes this seems like a dream. Do you understand how much I’ve wanted you?” He nips at my neck followed by licking it, and a shiver runs throughout my body. “Let’s go inside…,” I begin.
He leans back and looks around before smiling at me. “Nah, I think we’re good here,” and he reaches between my legs to push my seat back as far as it can before taking my lips in a kiss and pushing the back of the seat so that it’s practically lying flat. Next thing I know his body is on top of mine, and he’s taking me deeper as his hands hold my head in place and pushes my legs apart so that they cradle his hips. I can feel his cock right up against my core, and I start pushing my hips against him. 
Oliver tries to pull my shirt down, but he can’t so he growls and instead pushes it up to my neck, seeing my translucent bra. “Sage, you’re so beautiful,” he whispers before he drops his mouth to my breasts sucking my nipples through the bra. My arms around his shoulders start pulling his shirt up. I want to touch his bare skin and I can’t. I’m starting to get frustrated when all of a sudden a growl escapes me. 
Oliver leans up, and I can see him laughing at me. But the laughter turns serious when I grab his shirt and pull it up and over his head, mussing his hair. “I can’t wait Oliver. I need you now…,” I say.
He doesn’t hesitate. He pulls my skirt up and doesn’t even take my panties off, just pushes them to the side. I have his pants open and when I pull his cock out, I take a minute to swipe a finger over the tip, catching some pre-cum on it. As Oliver watches, I bring that finger to my mouth and suck it deep into my mouth. Groaning, Oliver doesn’t wait. He takes his cock, placing it at my entrance, and pushes in deep in one smooth stroke. I swear my eyes roll back in my head as my back arches off the seat. 
From there, all Oliver does is slide in and out of me a couple times and I’m done. I swear I am so easy. The orgasm washes over me, making me cry out as my hands go above my head to hold the head rest beneath me (or above me?). Oliver grabs my leg and raises it, placing my foot on the dashboard, while the other one he drags over his hip and starts pounding into me so hard the Jeep is rocking, and the windows are fogged up from our heavy breathing. It’s not long before I feel the beginnings of another orgasm, but I want to enjoy it so I’m trying to hold out. “Babe, I’m so close,” Oliver whispers against my lips, and his hips start going harder against me. I can hear us slapping against each other and feel the jeep rocking. Yeah, we’re giving his neighbors a show more than likely.
I can tell Oliver is straining to reach orgasm, so I slide my hand down to my wet, correction sopping wet, core and spread my fingers so that he’s thrusting between my fingers as he thrusts into me, adding another dimension. He looks at me and kisses me as he comes. And comes. And comes some more. And this sets off my second orgasm as my palm is rubbing against my clit. 
When we’re a little calmer and he’s lying on me, we start laughing and wrap our arms around each other.
“Maybe we should go inside?” Oliver says.
“I think that’s a good idea.”
We get our clothes back in order before we get out and run inside Oliver’s house. When we enter though, I stop short. The living room is covered in roses and there are a ton of those LED candles on. Oliver wraps his arms around me from behind. “I thought we would relax a little, and you deserve some romance.” 
“Oliver…”
Walking to the coffee table, he picks up a remote and music starts playing. He takes my hands and pulls me to him. When I think we’re going to dance, he pulls away and turns off the stereo system, mumbling to himself, “This isn’t right.” He pulls my phone from his pocket where he had stashed it when he took it away, and starts playing with it, when all of a sudden, I hear my song start playing. Crimson and Clover by Tommy James and the Shondells. Smiling, I start swaying. 
“That’s better,” I hear Oliver say before he takes me in his arms again. “I love making you smile,” he says before he starts dancing with me. 
My arms are around Oliver’s neck, his around when my waist, when I look at him and say, “You know this was supposed to be my date, not yours.”
“Well, yeah, but I had to incorporate other things. I need you to know how much you mean to me.”
“Oliver, you hijacked my date!”
Laughing, he says, “I sure did,” and I can tell he’s proud of himself. Fortunately, I’m too happy to care. I got to tease my boyfriend, we had sex in a car (again!), and we’re now dancing to my favorite song. I have never danced to this song…until now. I couldn’t imagine dancing it with anyone else.
Oliver better not mess up, because he just got my heart.



Chapter 20

Oliver



Sage and I are supposed to go on a date tonight, but I think I’m going to have to change it up. It’s been hectic recently, and I know that Sage and the girls have had several catering opportunities to do, more this time of the year then they normally do. So, we’re going to do a modified date. Mary’s going to go somewhere else for the evening, and I already have a ton of stuff that Sage uses here at my house. I just need Sage, who’s supposed to show up any minute now. 
As I’m doing some last-minute cleaning (Mary is a mess), Sage walks in. She looks exhausted, gorgeous but exhausted. She comes and gives me a kiss before walking to my couch and laying down. Damn, I made our date easy tonight, but looking at her I don’t think it was easy enough. Change of plans. Walking over to Sage, I find her asleep, so I put a blanket over her and think quickly.
I call Noelle, who answers immediately, “Hey Noelle, I need Dylan’s number.”
“Why,” as I hear her yawn.
“Sage is passed out on my couch, and I know Dylan does massages. I was hoping to get her here tonight.”
“Really? You would do that for her?”
“Noelle…. please?”
“Well, it’s just that it always seems like you two only have sex or are making out. Can’t blame me for thinking that’s all you do.”
“We do a lot more than that,” I argue.
“Like what?”
“Well, we watch movies, we eat, we talk,” really what else were we supposed to do?
“All foreplay Ollie,” Noelle can be such a smartass.
“Please just give me her number. Sage looks exhausted, and I want to help her, but I know she doesn’t want my massage skills right now.”
“That’s because your massage skills lead to sex. But fine, I’ll text you her number. And tell Dylan if she wants, she can bring Mason by and leave him with me for a bit. I’m ordering pizza for Quinn and I.”
“Great thanks,” and I hang up. When I go to check on Sage, she’s still passed out and has some drool action going. I wipe it away with a smile and kiss her on the cheek before removing her shoes. 
In that time Noelle has already texted me Dylan’s info, along with letting me know she’s already talked to her. When I call Dylan, she lets me know that everything is ready for her to come by after she drops Mason off. She gives me directions to clear a section for her table in order to give Sage a massage which I do moving things around in the living room. Added to that she asks that if Sage is comfortable with me doing it, I take her clothes off (like that’s a problem), leaving her in only her white cotton bra and panties showing Garfield eating spaghetti. I wake Sage up a little while doing it, and she just pushes me away saying, “No sex Oliver.” 
Laughing I lean forward and kiss her, “I’m just going to make you comfortable is all, ok?”
“As long as it’s not sex,” she mumbles before falling back asleep.
When Dylan arrives, she’s all business. Dylan is a gorgeous woman in her own right with long wavy red hair and a slight scattering of freckles. A classmate of the girls, she got pregnant when she was 15, having Mason when she was 16. The father didn’t stay around, and Dylan seems happy with that. I would never make a play for her though. Sage is it for me. She’s literally all I’ve ever wanted. 
After she sets up her table and has some calming music playing from her phone, Dylan motions to Sage, “Can you wake her up and get her on the table?”
Sighing, I lean down and pick Sage up under her arms and legs. Holding her higher, I whisper, “Sage? Hey babe, wake up? It’s date night.”
“I don’t wanna go,” she mumbles, and I hear Dylan smother a laugh.
“I changed things up. Open those pretty blue eyes for me. There you go,” I say as she looks at me with exhausted eyes before I turn to the table and set her down.
“What’s going on Oliver?” she asks drowsily when she notices Dylan, before returning her eyes to mine.
“You’re getting a massage while I finish making dinner. Then we’re going to sleep.”
“Are you serious?” Sage asks me quietly with tears in her eyes, “No sex?”
“Yes I am. Is that alright?” Crap now I’m second-guessing things. But that second guess goes out the window when Sage throws her arms around me, “Thank you so much,” before she lies down and waves to Dylan. “Come on Dylan, let’s feel those magical hands. It’s been way too long.”
Dylan smirks at me, “Guess she likes my hands more than yours,” she says cheekily to me before she covers Sage with a sheet and starts rubbing her shoulders. 
I lean down by Sage’s head and kiss her lightly on the lips, and she says, “Go away,” before humming in pleasure. Watching for a bit, I ask Dylan, “Can you show me how to do that?”
“Why, you jealous?” she asks quietly with a sly smile.
“Yeah, I am. But I think she’ll need more massages down the road, and where watching one chick touch another is hot, I would rather it be me touching Sage over you,” Yes, I’m possessive.
“Fine, I’ll look at my schedule and give you a list of times. You better be lucky I like Sage and I like you,” before she ignores me to focus on Sage who has fallen back asleep.



It’s a couple hours later when Sage finally wakes me up. After her massage, I had carried her into my room and tucked her in before seeing Dylan out. I then packed up dinner for later. Not difficult as it was just spaghetti with garlic bread, which is funny considering her Garfield panties. I could have eaten myself, but I know it would be better with Sage. So instead I stripped down to my boxer briefs and crawled into bed next to her, cuddling, before falling asleep next to her. 
Poking me in the side, she says, “Hey Oliver. Oliver!” She’s talking in a low voice which is funny, because she should remember we’re the only ones here. I ignore her, continuing to act like I’m still asleep, waiting for my opportunity.
She grabs my hair and yells in my face, “Oliver!!” and that’s when I make my move. I flip her on her back, landing between her legs, and my face above hers laughing before I rest my body on top of hers. My elbows rest on the mattress above her shoulders while my fingers start playing with her hair.
Looking into her gorgeous blue eyes, I ask, “You ok?”
“Yeah,” she says as she lets out a deep breath. “It was just busy and frustrating with helping Becca bake. You know she’s a miniature dictator in the kitchen, right?” As I nod, she continues, “So she kept me baking all day, bending and mixing and bending and opening, and bending some more and it was not in a good way!” she finishes on a pout. 
“Who’s moving everything tomorrow?”
“Noelle and Roni so I gotta be at Deja Brew early since it’ll only be me and Becca,” she responds while playing her hands across my chest and shoulders.
Laughing, I can only nod my head. “Well this one is done. When’s the next catering?”
“Next weekend,” she says forlornly.
“It’ll be alright sweetheart. How about we go take a shower? We’ll get cleaned up and eat.”
Sage looks down and starts running her hands through my chest hair. “I was thinking,” she begins before stopping to lick her lips, “maybe we could have some fun in the shower? We haven’t done anything in the shower yet…”
Sage gets no further before I’m grabbing her out of the bed, throwing her over my shoulder and heading into the bathroom. I sit her on the counter with a smile and a wink, then turn to get the shower started. Turning back to her, I drop to my knees and slide her panties off, kissing her on the thighs before getting to her warm center. 
“Counter again Oliver? Really?” I hear as Sage’s hands sift through my hair, and she releases a deep sigh.
“It’s just the beginning, we still have the shower to look forward to,” I say as I spread her folds and slide my tongue along her slit, tasting her.
Her hands tangle deeper in my hair while pulling me closer and deeper into her warmth, “Deeper Oliver, go deeper…,” she moans.
Of course, I’m going to comply! My tongue slides up and along her folds, slicing across her clit before I slide back down to her center to thrust my tongue inside her. I feel Sage’s feet lift to rest on my shoulders and spread her legs wider. 
God, I could just devour this woman. She has no shame in the bedroom, and I love it. After a couple of thrusts with my tongue she lets go of my head and her hands go to her breasts. As I look up her body, I can see she’s pulled them out of her bra, and is playing with them, and her hips start moving on the counter. 
I see a flush start growing across her chest and rising to her face, signaling she’s about to come, so I start rubbing her clit with one hand, and fingers replace my tongue as I stand up and take her lips with mine, my tongue covered in her juices thrusting in her mouth, setting off her orgasm. As she calms down, and stops shaking, she reaches for me, “Oliver?”
“Yeah babe?”
“Let’s do that again,” she says with a smile as she strips her bra off and drags me into the shower, where we start all over again.



Sage and I are sitting on my bed facing each other, naked, and finally eating dinner. We had fun in the shower that included Sage going down on me. Her mouth on my cock had me tangling my hands in her hair and literally fucking her face. She did this thing where she hollowed her cheeks. Damn, it felt amazing, and she really did turn the tables on me, bringing me close to the edge over and over. 
Yeah, I know that may sound raunchy, but it’s reality. She always has me so close to the edge that sometimes it overtakes me, and I turn into a caveman. Just so happens that I was with it enough to pull out, push her against the wall, and take her…like a caveman. My orgasm was so hard I think I roared in pleasure. Sage sure was out of it when I finished, dazed but smiling.
“You alright?” I ask her.
“You mean after the last couple of monstrous orgasms?” she says between bites of spaghetti.
“Well I hope you never come back from those,” I say with a cocky lilt. Yeah, I know I’m good. Deal with it. You wish you could have me. Back to Sage though, “But I’m talking about today in general.”
“I’m good. It was just a lot today,” she says with a sigh. “I’m sorry for ruining date night. I’ll let you make it up to me another time.”
“Actually…,” I begin, “I knew how tired you were and was just going to chill at home and make you dinner. The massage was extra for you.”
Taking a bite, she slides her fork slowly out of her mouth before sighing, “I really think you owe me a date.”
“You’re having a date. We’re eating a meal that I made for you, and we’re not surrounded by friends.”
“This is not a date. The definition of a date is ‘a social or romantic appointment or engagement,’” Sage the smartass responds. “This is not social.”
“Ha!” I exclaim as I point out, “You admit this is romantic?”
“Us sitting naked on your bed eating warm spaghetti with garlic bread that will make our breath smell bad, and not want to kiss each other? Definitely not romantic.”
I take the plate from her and put it on the nightstand, “Hey I wasn’t done,” she says, and when she goes to grab her plate, I jump on her, and we end up rolling around on my bed, laughing.
And soon enough, it goes from wrestling to other more interesting things. And a couple more orgasms.



Chapter 21

Sage



“Girls Night!” I yell as I walk into Deja Brew. Roni’s at the counter, Noelle comes from her office, and Becca bursts through the door to the kitchen. All three have smiles on their faces.
“Oh, thank god,” Noelle says, “we’ve been waiting until you said the word! It’s about time!”
“Well let’s get through today and meet up tonight. Where do you guys want to do it at?”
Becca speaks up, “Let’s do it upstairs. I want to try some new recipes, so it’ll be easier there.”
Noelle and Roni are groaning, “Take a break Becca!” Noelle begs. Even though Noelle sucks in the kitchen that has never stopped Becca from working her to the bone when the need arises.
“Suck it up Buttercup,” Becca says, then turns to Roni and me, “Upstairs, after we close.”
“Fine. Let me see if my parents can take Quinn,” and Noelle is walking to the office already on her phone.
Becca heads back to grab some baked goods for us to eat, while Roni gets our drinks ready. For a while it’s just Roni and me at the counter. She looks at me, “How are things?”
Smiling, because I can’t stop, “Things are great!”
Roni is sweeping her short black and white streaked hair out of her way, “Have you guys admitted yet that you love each other?”
“What?”
“It’s really simple. Have you told Ollie that you love him yet?”
“Uh, no…,” I stammer.
“Why?”
“I-I don’t know. The right time hasn’t popped up is all?”
“That’s bullshit. How long have you loved that man for?”
“No clue.”
“Well according to Noelle and Becca, it’s been probably 15 years,” Roni helps out so much.
“Actually, if you go by other signs, such as staring, it’s been more like her entire damn life,” Becca offers as she walks out.
“Staring?” I ask.
“Please, like you haven’t seen all those pictures of you when you were a baby. Ollie was always there. ALWAYS. Hell, your momma says how if he were in the room when we were babies, all you had to do was hear his voice and you would go toward him. Supposedly his voice could make you stop crying,” Becca says, “and all you guys would do is just look at each other.”
“Oh, that’s so sweet!” Roni says, clapping her hands, directly at odds with her Goth looks.
“No, it’s gross.”
“Shit, girls we may have to reschedule girls’ night,” Noelle announces as she walks into the dining area.
“What, why?” I ask.
“I have no one to watch Quinn. Mom and Dad are going out of town and are packing as we speak. Dylan is booked with massages, so she’s already having her parents watch Mason. Jake, well, nothing else needs to be said there,” Noelle sadly states.
“What about Mary?” Roni asks.
“Yeah, Mary’ll do it,” Becca says.
“No. No no no no no,” Noelle for some reason can’t see my brother as a viable babysitter.
I jump in, “Come on! Mary would love it! Hell, he would probably just take him to Jake’s so why not? Oliver is on duty otherwise I’m sure he would do it.”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea for Mary to do it,” Noelle reluctantly says.
 “Noelle, I want a girls’ night and, so help me God, I will have myself a girls’ night! So, pull your phone out and call Mary before I do it for you!” I yell.
Everyone is quiet, looking at me with shock, while I stare at Noelle. “Unless there’s something you want to share with the group?” I dare her.
“Fine, I’ll text him,” she sends a glare my way.
“Now.”
“Fine,” as she pulls out her phone and sends a text. 
“What was that about?” Becca asks. 
Shrugging I just say, “She needs to be pushed sometimes.”
We’re relaxing while drinking our coffee when arms wrap around my shoulders, and I get a kiss on the side of my neck. Smiling I turn around and give Oliver a kiss that turns into a make out session, while the girls moan all around us. We separate and Oliver picks me up and sits in my seat, pulling me down onto his lap while he takes a drink of my coffee.
Mary isn’t too far behind him, and he pulls a seat up, turns it backwards to straddle it as he sits done between Roni and Noelle. Smiling at Noelle, he leans into her, “So you want me to babysit for you?”
“Despite my reservations, and the fact that I have no one else, yes,” Noelle responds.
“Please Mary,” I beg. 
“Well, I want to know what I get out of this.”
“I can pay you,” Noelle begins.
“Nope, got enough money. I was thinking, something, say, along the lines of a car wash,” he says staring right at Noelle. I hear a laugh behind me and look at Oliver with a question, and he just shrugs his shoulders with a grin.
“A car wash,” Noelle repeats.
“Yeah, a car wash. As in you washing my car in a little bitty bikini…,” Mary suggests.
Noelle flushes beet red, I can’t tell if it’s in anger or embarrassment, but she grounds out, “Fine.”
“Great. Want me to pick him up or drop him off? I can also stay at your place so he can just chill at home.”
“Um, my home is fine,” Noelle seems a little nervous, her fingers twisting together.
“Good, I look forward to hanging with the little guy,” Mary exclaims with a smile and rub of his hands. “You’re gonna leave me a list of things I can and can’t do with him, right?”
Roni is leaning on the table by this point, “Oh, this is going to be interesting.”
“I hate to interrupt, but I gotta get going,” Oliver says as he stands up still holding me. He grabs my hand and walks me out the door to his cruiser. “I’m gonna miss you tonight,” he tells me.
“I’m gonna miss you too, but we can still see each other tomorrow,” I say laughing. 
I get a sweet lingering kiss goodbye before Oliver jumps in his cruiser and is off, with me watching. I really do need to tell him how I feel at some point.



“Do you know how much I have missed you guys?” I say to the girls spread out around the apartment. Luci is chilling in his space in front of the TV, blocking have of it. 
“Probably not as much as you think you do, considering all the sex you’re getting,” Becca says around a drink of her wine.
Roni is sitting next to her, well on her way to getting drunk if she’s not there already taking shots of Jägermeister. “I’ll drink to having good sex. It is good sex, right?”
“Yes, Roni it’s beyond good. It’s great. It’s life changing!”
“Oh god, can you stop bragging,” Noelle says as she walks in on her phone before mumbling under her breath, “asshole can’t answer a simple question?” Then she raises her phone up and yells at it, “That’s my child you jerk, answer!!!” 
“Noelle? You seem a little pent up…you ok?” I ask.
“Yeah, I’m fine. It’s your brother who’s messing around. He can’t answer a question!”
“He’s barely been there for what, 30 minutes?”
“Yeah, but still! Instead of answering the question he’s…,” but Noelle trails off.
“He’s doing what?” Roni is the one whose brave enough to ask.
“Nothing,” Noelle says as she grabs a bottle of wine and heads to a chair where she pulls the cork out and proceeds to drink directly out of the bottle. “What are we watching?”
“It’s a Mummy night, Roni’s choice,” Becca says. “I was hoping for Thor, but no one listens to me,” she mumbles into her wine. 
“Oh, quit complaining. That’s part of our Marvel Day, which will happen once we figure out what day to close Deja Brew for,” I say as I watch the opening to the Mummy.
Sighing, Becca gets up to grab Luci before going to sit back down, laying her head back on the couch, “Whatever, it’s just been a bad day, and I’m exhausted. I think we need to hire more people.”
“I’ll look at the numbers tomorrow,” Noelle says taking another swig of wine while texting. “Asshole needs to watch it. He shouldn’t be on his phone when he’s watching my son!”
“Have y’all ever noticed our girls’ nights lately have turned into Noelle cussing at her phone, Becca passing out, with Roni not far behind, and me cleaning?” I ask.
Noelle flips me off, and goes to one of our rooms, while Becca lays her head back and falls asleep, and Roni rests her head on the armrest of the couch. “Wow, what a girls’ night y’all.”
“We sure do know how to live it up don’t we?” I sigh into my glass.
“We should have gone out first. You hear about the strip club that opened up in Dallas? We need to expand our going out beyond Granbury I think,” Roni says.
“I know, Becca has to wake up early, so we don’t like to go too far. Maybe we can set it up starting once a month though?”
“Sounds good to me,” and she takes a drink of Becca’s wine. “So, what’s up with you and Officer McHottie?”
My attention is diverted to the movie on screen for a second, “Oliver loves this show…”
“Girl, you got it bad. You tell him you love him yet?”
“What? No, of course not. Why would I? He doesn’t love me…”
“Can you be any more obvious? Both of you are dumb for each other…”
Smiling without realizing it, I say, “He just makes me feel so good and happy, and not just because of sex. I love to be around him, always have,” and I trail off as Noelle comes back in to sit down carrying an empty wine bottle.
“Please, Roni do you know how long these two have been dancing around each other?” Noelle slurs before turning her attention to her phone, “Their entire lives. It’s about time they both figured it out and kept idiot Mary out of it.”
“Well Sage, for what it’s worth, I think you two are good for each other,” Roni says as she rests her head on her hands while still watching the movie.
I get up and start picking up, Noelle not even paying attention. This was a quick girls’ night compared to others. In fact, I would wager this is the quickest one we’ve ever had. 
I’m loading the dishwasher when someone knocks on the door. Looking at Noelle, I can see she’s still engrossed with her phone, so with a roll of my eyes I walk to the door. Opening it, I’m kissed and told, “You should be asking who it is before answering the door,” Oliver says standing in his uniform.
A low whistle comes from the living room, “Damn Officer McHottie,” making him smile at Roni. When I glare at her she just shrugs her shoulders and goes back to playing a game. “I need some eye candy. It’s all good as long as I don’t touch.”
Rolling my eyes, “What are you doing here?” I ask as I take another kiss from him.
“Your brother called to let me know he’s being harassed by a certain petite co-owner of Deja Brew,” he says with a roll of his eyes before locking them on Noelle who has another bottle of wine hanging from her fingers as she texts almost violently on her phone.
Laughing, I ask, “Are you ever going to tell me what you know?”
He turns to me and grabs my hands, “I promise you, once I know something, you’ll know within a minute. Ok?”
“Alright.”
“Good,” squeezing my hands, he then turns to Noelle, “now I have to drive someone home to get them to stop their harassment. How much has she had to drink?”
“An entire bottle,” I say dryly.
“Damn it, that explains a lot,” as he walks up to her. “Ms. Williams? I’m afraid I’m going to have to take you home.”
Noelle looks at me, “You do this?”
“I have no clue what’s happening,” I say shrugging. 
“Oh, ok,” then she looks at Oliver. “You may carry me. But I’m not riding in the back of your car. That is not funny!”
“Oh, but it really is. But no, this time you can ride upfront. Just promise not to vomit,” as he guides Noelle out to his car. He gets her into the front seat, before running up the steps to come back to me.
“Have a nice evening Ms. Marin,” he says to me.
I grab him by the collar. “You coming back after your shift is over?”
“It’s girls’ night…,” he leads with.
“And you can see how that ended up,” while waving a hand at everything including Roni who just passed out, “So why don’t you come back, and we can, um, do some stuff.”
Smiling, “I will definitely do that. Keep the light on.”
“Just be quiet because I refuse to move those two girls passed out on the couch,” I say laughing.
He kisses me and walks down the stairs. When he reaches the bottom, he turns and looks at me, “It’s not me who as to learn to be quiet darling,” and with a nod of his head he gets in his car and drives away.
I really should tell him I love him at some point….



Chapter 22

Oliver



The past couple weeks with Sage have been heaven. But it’s quickly turning to hell. Balancing work, Sage, and sex, I’m so exhausted. Who would have thought Sage would be so insatiable? Sure as fuck not me! Why can’t we just have a night where we don’t do anything like have sex? But I will definitely not be bringing that up. Just thinking about sex though, I start thinking of Sage spread wide for me, and while I’m tired, my cock has other thoughts, probably remembering last night. 
Luckily, Becca was out on one of her many dates trying to find Mr. Right, so Sage and I had the apartment to ourselves. She finally, yes finally, baked only in an apron. Oh yeah, it was hot. Like a pornographic version of a1950s housewife. Her nipples played hide and seek the entire time, and whenever she turned away, I got a view of her back all the way down, the bow she tied dangling over her naked ass teasing and tempting me.
She had me mixing and breaking eggs, all while she straddled my lap. I could feel the heat of her through my jeans, not to mention smell her excitement. Yeah, my baby likes teasing me. Needless to say, I couldn’t keep my hands to myself. As she was rubbing herself against me, I had my hands on her ass, moving her faster and harder as I leaned down to take one of her nipples in my mouth. 
When she threw her head back, thrusting her breast deeper into my mouth while holding my head there, I knew baking was done. When I went to pick her up to head to the room, she shook her head no, and when I looked at her questioningly, she said simply, “We haven’t broken the table in yet…”
That’s right ladies and gentlemen, we have done it everywhere in this apartment except for Becca’s areas. We’ve only been to my place a couple times, because of Mary. He tends to stay out about once a week, and I have my thoughts on that, which I’m sure you’ll agree with me on. That’s another thing though, back to sex and Sage.
When she mentioned the table, I didn’t have to think twice. I swiped my hand across it, sending everything to the floor, and her giggling. Leaving her legs dangling off the edge, I wedge myself between her thighs so I can lean over her enough to kiss her deeply, our tongues almost battling. The apron is caught between us, and I’m thrusting into her with it in the way, creating more friction for her. Enough that she starts scratching my back as she gets more forceful with kissing me. Her thighs come up and wrap around my hips digging deep into my ass to bring me closer. 
“Get the apron off me,” she says to me.
I laugh, huskily I might add because I’m so turned on and say, “Nah, this is staying on you.”
“I want to feel you Oliver,” she pleads.
I thrust against her, “There you go,” as I lean back to fondle her tits. 
Growling, she pulls me down, “Oliver, if you don’t rip this apron of me, so help me god,” she starts to threaten.
“Ok, ok, sheesh,” but instead of taking it off, I bring both her hands to her stomach, holding them there, as I drop to my knees and below the apron, so my mouth is on level with her hot core. 
“Oliver…,” Sage is moaning, and her hips are moving as she feels my breath on her. 
There really is nothing else for me to do but dive in. Damn, Sage tastes so good. My tongue traces her slit a little, before I push through with my tongue to her core, forcing my tongue in to fuck her a little. As she’s squirming on the table, I start to laugh before tracing her slit again, all the way up to her clit, which I latched on to a suck. Right when she starts to breath hard, I lick my way back down and tongue fuck her some more. I do this several times, keeping her on edge. At one point I had let go off her hands in order to spread her legs wider, so I could use my fingers while sucking on her clit. Her hands are tangled in my hair, pulling me closer, and her hips are humping against my face, leaving her juices everywhere but I could care less. 
Her orgasm takes my breath away, so much that I have to be in her. I spring to my feet, dealing with my jeans until they’re at my feet, and my hard cock in hand. Sage is still laying there, breathing hard, but she lifts her head and sees my cock, and her tongue comes out to lick her lips while she reaches a hand toward my cock.
“Hell no. If you touch, I blow, and I want to be inside you when that happens,” I say while taking a step back. 
Luckily, Sage drops to her back again, and I step back between her legs, which she’s spread wider if at all possible. Taking her lips in another kiss, I position myself at her opening, and as I push into her, she brings her legs up and wraps them around me high up on my sides, taking me as deep as possible. That’s not enough for me though. Standing straight, I grab her legs and drop them over my shoulders. Grabbing her hips, I look at her eyes. 
“You ready for this?” I ask and I can tell I’m smirking. 
Licking her lips, Sage answers me by leaning up and kissing me as she whips the apron off leaving herself completely naked to me, while I’m still for the most part dressed. Damn, I can’t say it enough, but she’s hot. Then she lays back and snakes her hand down so that her finger plays along her slit where she can feel me deep inside her.
Watching her fingers, I start moving. It looks like the faster I go the faster her fingers move. My grip on her thighs is so hard, I’m sure she’s going to have bruises, but that fills me with pride, almost like I have marked her as mine. Sweat is dripping off my forehead onto her thighs and stomach. Her hand that isn’t rubbing her clit is roaming all over her stomach and breasts. As I watch, her fingers pinch one of her nipples, causing her to squirm more, and her vagina starts to squeeze my cock as I’m pushing deep into her faster and harder. 
I’m chasing my orgasm hard when I feel Sage shatter around me, her pussy milking me, “Shit, Sage, I’m coming,” I can only say before I push as deep as I can into her and coming hard, continue to thrust throughout my orgasm.
Dropping on top of her on the table, I can see that the table has been pushed against the wall from our, um, sexual escapade. I could care less though because we’re both breathing hard. After a moment, we start laughing, and she wraps her arms around me, hugging me hard. 
“I guess we need to clean up a little,” she says.
“Yeah, we might want to do it before Becca comes home,” I smirk.
“Aren’t you just proud of yourself,” Sage comments while looking at me. 
“Yeah, I am,” with a big grin on my face.
From there we clean up our mess, Sage still naked, before heading to her bedroom, where we start all over again, this time with her back to me while she’s holding on to her headboard…
But now, its early morning, and I have to get up to go to work. Luckily, I have taken to bringing my uniform to Sage’s so I can get ready here when I spend the night so that makes it easy on me. I need to sleep though. If I blow off Deja Brew that would give me another 30 minutes of sleeping at least. That sounds like a good plan as I reach over to reset the alarm before passing back out. If I don’t get more sleep, I’ll get even more exhausted.
And when I’m exhausted, I get angry fairly easy. 



Chapter 23

Sage



I’m dragging this morning, and it’s all because of the GREAT sex last night. If every night can be like that with Oliver, well, WOW. I have never had a sexual experience like the ones Oliver and I share, and I can’t wait to feel more of it. I know, I know, Oliver and I have had a ton of sex, but last night it felt like we connected more than ever before. 
Yet now it’s going on eleven in the morning, 5 hours after I normally see him. I had gone upstairs to check on him around 7 when I was able to get free, but he wasn’t in the apartment, and he hasn’t stopped by Deja Brew yet. Since we started doing, well, whatever this is, he’s been here every morning that I am whether he has to work or not, especially once he started staying over. He should be at work by now though, and I haven’t seen him since I kissed him good morning and came here. It’s been busier than normal this morning, possibly due to the livestock convention happening, and I haven’t had time to sit, let alone figure out what’s going on.
Seeing Noelle walking from the back, “Hey, Noelle, you seen anyone?”
Smiling sadly, because she knows who I’m talking about, and she was there this morning when Oliver didn’t come by, she says, “Sorry Sage, no. Maybe Becca?” Then she grabs her phone and starts typing something furiously before looking up at me and smiling before walking out the door. Probably going to the bank.
I call Becca up on my phone, which sucks because she’s probably napping, but I don’t know what else to do. Luckily, she answers quickly, “What?”
“Hey sweetie I know you’re napping, but have you heard from Oliver?”
“Not since you two had that last pounding orgasm at 4 this morning. Y’all really should take a break you know? Every night! I’m losing sleep!!!”
“OK…. I didn’t know we were keeping you up,” I say lamely.
“No, not keeping me up luckily, just heard you when I came in to get some stuff.”
“Damn it Becca you should have said something if we were annoying you!”
I hear her sigh, before she says, “Look, I’m tired. Just let me have a couple more hours than we can discuss this further.”
“Fine.”
“OK.”
“I love you.”
“I love you too, but I have got to get some sleep!” and with that Becca hangs up.
Frustrated, I decide to text Oliver. 
Me: Hey, you alright?
And then I wait. While I wait, I start doing cleaning that doesn’t need to be done since Roni already took care of it. I look up and catch her watching me, one eyebrow raised. “What?”
“Wondering if you’re ok?”
“Yeah, everything’s fine,” I say as I huff out a breath.
“Um, you know I cleaned up already, right?”
“And?”
“Ok, just saying. I’m gonna take a break…”
Glaring at her, I say, “You do that.” As she walks toward the back, I pull my phone out of my apron pocket. No text still. What the hell. I call Mary, and when he answers, I’m quick and to the point, “You seen Oliver?”
“Nah, but Jake said they were meeting for lunch in about 5 minutes.”
I hang up, not wasting time. I call Oliver and it goes to voicemail almost immediately. Pulling my phone away, I glare at it. Did he just send me to voicemail? I try again, and luckily, he answers, “What Sage?”
“Are you ok?” I’m trying not to let my worry come out in my voice, especially after how he sounded when he answered the phone.
“I’m fine.”
“Oh, ok. I was worried when I didn’t see you this morning…” God I sound pathetic and desperate and needy.
I can tell he’s frustrated when he sighs, and I can imagine him running his hand through his hair. “Look Sage, we don’t have to be around each other constantly, and I don’t have to answer to you.”
What the hell is happening? “I never said that Oliver, but you never deviate from your schedule!”
“Well I am now. Shit, just, give me some space, ok?”
“Oliver...,” I say.
“No, Sage, I just want to eat and get back to work.”
“Will I see you tonight?” Could I sound any more pathetic?
“No,” and he hangs up.
I’m still standing there a couple minutes later when Roni and Noelle walk in. They take one look at me, look at each other, and push me to the back where Noelle drops me in a chair. I see her nod at Roni, who leaves. 
“Sage, look at me,” Noelle demands as she kneels in front of me.
I look at her with tears in my eyes. “I don’t know what happened. It was great this morning, last night, the past couple of weeks…”
“What did that asshole do?”
“I don’t know, but I, I think he just dumped me…,” and that’s when the tears start streaming.
“Oh, hell no, that son of a bitch,” she says as she pulls me in for a hug and just holds me as I cry it all out. Pulling back after I get most of my crying done, she goes on, “You’re going to go upstairs and lay down,” while wiping my tears away.
“I have too much to do here though.”
Snorting, Noelle looks at me with her stink eye, “Like I don’t know how to do anything. Really? I’m good for all manner of things,” and she drags me up and pushes me to the back door. 
“But my espresso machine,” I say looking at her with fear. Yeah, even through my sadness the thought of Noelle at my espresso machine scares the shit out of me. Will it still be working in the morning?
“It’s fine. Roni is staying til we close, so I won’t go near your damned precious espresso machine,” as she pushes me through the back door.
“Fine,” I mumble, but turn back, “I will be back though,” I say pointing at Noelle with a glare. 
“Not for the rest of the day. If you come back, I will drag your ass by your ear back upstairs and lock you in there while standing guard myself!” And the bitch would too, even though I know she would do it out of love.
Walking up the stairs into the apartment, I look around. Too many memories were made over the past couple of weeks, no, years, because Oliver has come here a lot since Becca and I moved in. He helped us move in and put together a majority of the furniture. Baked with me. Made love to me. The asshole.
Luci comes out and meows at me before he starts weaving between my legs and purring. I pick him up and cuddle him, remembering the time when Oliver and I were on the couch two weeks ago watching a movie. Luci had come over and cuddled between us, laying on his back waiting for some belly rubs. He’s always hated Oliver, and for him to have put himself in such a position. I remember hearing Oliver’s laugh, and his hand coming down to rub Luci’s fuzzy belly. And the tears start again. 
Holding Luci to my chest, I shake my head and move into my room where I strip down and drop into bed, pulling a pillow to me, catching Oliver’s scent on it. Pulling Luci closer to me, I cry until I fall asleep.
Why do guys have to be such assholes?



Chapter 24

Oliver



Thank fucking God my shift is almost done. I can’t wait to go home and sleep. Today has been hell just barely making it through. I had barely woken up to the last alarm this morning, and even then, had to run through my shower and shave, rushing out of the apartment buttoning up my shirt, before I took off to work. I didn’t even think about Sage this morning with how tired I was and still am. It didn’t help that this morning was slow as fuck, what with me just doing paperwork. Of course, it’s Granbury, so there isn’t all that much that happens. 
Around 11 I got a text from Jake, reminding me to meet him for lunch. He had said he wanted to talk to me about something, so I just gave him a thumbs up in reply. Thirty minutes later, Noelle sends me a text. 
Noelle: Where are you?
Me: Work of course…
Noelle: Sage is looking for you
Me: Why?
Noelle: I don’t know, maybe the fact that you tend to come by here on workdays, but today you didn’t?
Me: I have to work. 
Noelle: You do know that your schedule to come here has been a long-standing tradition for years? 
Me: Noelle, I’m at work.
Noelle: And I care why?
Me: Do you like being bothered at work?
Noelle: Quit being an ass. Just wanted you to know that Sage is worried.
Me: Not my problem right now. You’re her girlfriend so help her out.
Noelle: OMG, asshole! I warned you!
Me: Whatever, I gotta meet Jake for lunch.
Noelle: You have your priorities figured out, don’t you?
Me: Yeah, I do…
I didn’t hear from Noelle after that, but I also don’t think about it. Then Sage calls me. That conversation sucked. I probably sounded like an asshole, but I don’t really care. She has to know how tired I am. I’ll make it up to her later. I can get her some of those caramel chocolates she likes and some flowers. I’ll figure it out.
Then I meet with Jake for lunch. Turns out he wants to see if I would help him with demo. “I think you’ve some frustration built up that need to be released,” he says.
Grunting, I look at him as we sit at Sally’s Diner, “I’m not frustrated…”
Jake scratches Dez’s head, “You tell her yet?”
Acting dumb, I ask, “Tell who what?”
Jake looks at me, again with that eyebrow raised, “When you’re ready you will, but it may be too late at that point.”
“Yeah, whatever, seems everyone is nagging me today.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, Noelle bothered me a while ago,” I respond.
“Well, Noelle’s smart, like her brother,” Jake says with a smirk. I only roll my eyes, and when our food arrives, we dive into our burger and fries. After eating, we separate with plans to meet at his house in a couple of days.
I head back to work where I complete more paperwork before taking off. Once I get home, I’m barely out of uniform, dropping it on the floor, when I fall on my bed, immediately passing out. I sleep for a good while and feel reinvigorated despite it being pitch black outside when I wake. Since I’m hungry, I head to the kitchen, but when I walk through the living room, I see Mary sitting on the couch with only a single light on. When he notices me, he says “Come take a seat and let’s talk.” 
The hair on the back of my neck raises. Mary looks serious, and dare I say, angry? I walk to the kitchen and grab a bottle of water before sitting down, leaning back to get comfortable. “What’s up?”
“How was your day?”
So, we’re doing small talk, ok, definitely not Mary’s style. “Good, Jake talk to you about the demo he’s doing?” When Mary nods his head, I go on, “I met him for lunch, and he asked me to help.”
“Yeah, he has a lot to do. Have you been inside his place? He should just tear it down and start completely over.”
“It’s got good bones that he wants to keep. It’s up to him,” I say with a shrug and a drink. Watching him carefully, I see Mary take a deep breath. He looks around the room and then his eyes land on me angry. Oh shit, this must be bad.
“Care to tell me why you dumped my sister over the phone?”
“What?!” This is news to me. “I most definitely did not break up with Sage!”
Ignoring me completely, he goes on, “Would you also care to tell me why you’re here, with me, when you and Sage have been connected at the hip for the past several weeks?”
“Dude, I’m tired…”
Cocking his head, Mary goes, “I warned you.”
I’m so confused, “What are we talking about?”
Mary cracks his knuckles, “I really didn’t want it to come to this.”
“Mary, what the hell?” That’s when the doorbell goes off, and I jump up to answer it. I see Becca and Noelle with Jake in tow.
When Noelle sees Mary’s posture, she moves to his side, resting a hand on his arm, and I see him visibly relax. Jake just goes and takes a seat, not saying a word, other than to tell Dez to sit. When I turn to Becca, that’s a whole other deal.
“What the hell is your problem!?” Becca yells at me as she smacks me on the back of the head.
“Ouch, Becca! What the hell!?” 
“I know we all warned you at one point or another not to fuck things up, but what did you do? You pulled an Oliver Turner and FUCKED UP!”
I’m getting angry, because I don’t know why my friends are acting this way. Trying to keep my anger at bay, I ask “Can someone please clarify what is going on? What did I supposedly fuck up?”
Becca glares at me and goes to sit next to Jake where Dez nuzzles his face in her lap, probably to make it easier for her to pet him. Noelle and Mary are whispering in the corner their arms moving as they talk, most times in my direction. Shit, they’ve teamed up against me. Going to sit in a chair, I wait for them to finish whatever their doing, when I notice Sage is missing, “Where’s Sage?”
No sooner are the words out of my mouth then Mary dives at me and starts punching me. The girls step into the kitchen to watch I notice, but my focus is back on Mary. We’re rolling around on my living room floor, and where I was originally caught by surprise, I get with it and start throwing my own shots.
“Asshole, you’re going to stay away from my sister!” Mary catches me on the cheek, and pain radiates, but I stay with it.
“Dude, what the fuck is your deal? I love her,” I say ending it with a grunt as Mary follows with a punch to my side. 
“Fucker don’t lie. If you did, she wouldn’t have cried!” and he punches me again. When Mary is mad, he doesn’t hold back. And where this isn’t our first fight, we’re only minutes into this and we’ve never fought as hard as we are right now. I get an arm free and see a shot, which I take, hitting him in the eye.
We roll around more, grunting whenever one of us makes contact with the other. When we roll into my coffee table, Jake just moves to stand along the window with his arms crossed. Dez moves to sit next to him, the hair on the scruff of his neck on end and he’s whining. 
I hear Noelle ask him, “Aren’t you going to stop them?”
“Why? Let them beat the hell out of each other. It’ll be easier for us to talk when that happens.”
That’s around the time Becca leaps over us to get to where Noelle and Jake are. “Jake, please, do something!” Heaving a sigh, he walks over to us.
“Alright, enough you two,” Jake says as he pulls apart and tosses us in separate directions. That’s right, he tossed both Mary and I with separate arms, and didn’t break a sweat. “You,” he says pointing at Mary, “Stay over there. And you,” he directs to me, “calm your shit and sit.” 
Becca comes and sits back on the couch and Jake takes a seat next to her, Dez between them still on edge, while Noelle heads into the kitchen, coming back with two bags of frozen vegetables. 
Walking to me, Noelle slaps one of the bags hard on my face against my cheek where Mary had gotten me. “You deserve that,” before heading over to Mary. Watching him wince, I think she slapped his even harder, and I think I hear her mumble, “asshole,” before walking to the couch.
Together with Jake, Becca and Noelle sit on the couch while Mary and I sit in chairs across from each other on either side of the couch with the coffee table between us. Mary’s leg is bouncing, showing just how mad he’s. 
“Look, I don’t know what’s happening here, but I did not break up with Sage!” I say again.
Mary makes to stand up, but before he can take a step towards me, Jake stands between us. “Don’t make me tie you to that fucking chair Mary. You know I can…,” he warns.
Noelle is bouncing in her seat. “Why didn’t you come by this morning?”
“I was tired and reset my alarm. Do you know how exhausting it is to be with Sage?” I ask.
“So, my sister is exhausting? Is that why you dumped her OVER THE PHONE?” Yeah, Mary is still pretty pissed.
“I’m telling you right now that I didn’t break up with Sage!” God, I’m tired of sounding like a broken record. 
Becca pipes in, “You deviated from your schedule, and you never do that. Sage knows this. Do you know how worried she was about you?”
Running my hands through my hair in frustration, “I told her everything was fine!”
Noelle interjects, “Well whatever happened on the phone hurt her. When she got off the phone with you, Sage was crying Ollie. Crying. Do you know how much it takes for a woman like Sage to cry? And you made her cry!”
“I was exhausted! I just wanted to get some sleep! All I did was say I wasn’t going to see her tonight so I could sleep! If I saw her, we would…,” and I make eye contact with Mary.
“Go ahead, finish what you were going to say,” he says as he cracks his knuckles again and glares at me.
“Well, we would be otherwise occupied, and I wouldn’t get any sleep.”
“I can vouch for that, I wouldn’t either,” Becca mutters before adding, “They keep me up all night constantly, which is why my naps have gotten longer in the afternoon,” making sure to throw a glare at me. 
“What’s your plan?” Jake, always the voice of reason, asks with a tilt of his head.
“Why do I have to have a plan? I didn’t break up with her!”
Mary stands up and points at me, obviously done with this so-called conversation, “Fucking idiot, you better make this better. Sage deserves better. If you don’t, stay the hell away from her,” and he walks out.
Looking at the couch where Noelle, Jake, and Becca are, I’m confused. Jake takes a deep breath. “Mary is packing his shit up and moving in with me. Got that?”
I just nod my head in confusion. 
“You’re going to go to Sage and tell her you love her,” Becca says.
“But you’ve to make a big deal out of it,” Noelle adds.
“Make it BIG,” Becca exaggerates how big by spreading her arms wide. 
“Yeah, think big like when you kissed her in high school,” Noelle throws in.
“How did that make you feel?” Becca asks.
“You’ve to repeat that feeling, and do it soon…,” Noelle is definitely not helping, because to repeat that feeling means sex, and with how everyone is talking, I won’t be having sex for a while.
“How do I replicate a feeling from over 10 years ago? I don’t know what to do. I did not break up with her! Why can’t I just go to her right now and talk to her?”
“Because she’s hurting,” Jake says simply, “and you’re the one who hurt her, intentionally or not.”
“And that means you have to step up…,” Becca and Noelle share a look.
Step up? How the hell am I supposed to do that? “What do you guys suggest?”
Jake just makes a noise and walks out with Dez and shaking his head, and I can hear him calling me a dumbass under his breath. Looking at the girls, they’re just looking at me like I’m the dumbest man ever. Maybe I am…
“Come on, please, help me,” I beg them.
Becca and Noelle both get up and walk towards me. Smiling sadly at me, Becca says, “we totally would help you make this gangbusters for Sage,” and that’s when Noelle buts in, “but then it wouldn’t come from you. It would only reflect our relationship with Sage, not you and Sage.” 
Sighing I run my hands through my hair, which is probably standing straight on end by now. Why do girls have to be so difficult, and looking at the girls, I say just that, “Why do girls have to be so difficult!?”
Noelle is the one to respond, “Because we’re worth it, especially if you find The One,” she says as she pats my cheek. Both girls turn and walk to the door, ready to leave when I have an inkling of an idea. “Wait!” I yell at the girls, who both turn to me.
Thinking fast, I get a plan, “So here’s what we’re going to do….”



Chapter 25

Sage



Could this day start any worse? I’ve been a wreck for the past couple of days. I’m snarling at Noelle, Becca, and Roni. Mary’s not talking to me, preferring to come in and sit and watch and glare. He normally has Jake with him who just sits there with a smile on his face the jackass. Really what is there to smile about? Sure, the sun is out, and it feels great, but I’m a hot mess people! Hot mess! Me! Then again, Dez is super cute and melts my heart. That’s it, I’m going to dognap Dez. 
Added to my hotmessiness (is that a word? If not, I should trademark that) Oliver still has yet to call me or even come by, making things worse. Whenever someone comes in, I jerk my head up to see if it's him, but no. Whenever a cop car goes by, I crane my neck to see if it’s him, but no. It’s like he’s disappeared off the face of the earth. I’m wallowing in misery, and it’s only been a couple of days. 
It probably doesn’t help that I’m binge-watching teen rom coms of the nineties. Yeah, real great thing to watch. It’s part of my coping methods, what can I say. 10 Things I Hate About You and Can’t Hardly Wait are great shows.
Jake is standing in front of me all of a sudden with a smile. “Why don’t you get a coffee and come sit with us for a bit? It looks like you need a break,” he says.
Snorting, I say, “It’s not a break I need.”
Looking at me, he just nods his head, “Get your drink and come sit with us,” and walks away. I hate being ordered around, but I do need to sit.
Everyone has been making sure not to bring up Oliver’s name or anything about him when they’re around me. I hate that this has put a wedge between our friends. Maybe I should reach out to him and say that we need be friends for the sake of our friends and our families. No, I’m not talking to him. He needs to come to that conclusion on his own. 
Roni forces me out from behind the counter to the table and is back shortly after with my caramel macchiato. Taking a drink, I look inside first, and see that she’s made me a cute little heart design. Looking at her, I smile. “Thanks girl.”
Roni puts her hand on my shoulder, “Have patience girl,” and she throws me a wink and walks away. What the hell is that about I think as a frown crosses my face.
I’m facing the window so I can see all the people walking by, when Mary, who’s sitting with his back to the window asks me, “How’s it going?”
“Oh, just great. It’s been a while since I’ve been dumped, but its reality,” I say shrugging it off. “I’ve been watching rom-coms.”
Mary holds his hand up, “Stop, no we’re not going to talk about your fascination with those movies. Remember the last time? Yeah, nothing has changed…” he says. I just laugh because Mary is horrible when it comes to romance. Even watching movies with just a little romance he wants to gag. It makes me wonder how he’ll be when he finally finds The One, as I shoot a glance at Noelle to find her watching us, or is it just Mary?
Laughing at that, I feel a little better than I have in the past couple of days. Even Jake laughs a little. Noelle heads towards us and takes a seat between me and Mary. She smiles at her brother before turning her head to glare at Mary.
“Aww, Honey, I love it when you scowl at me,” Mary says, purposefully deepening his voice and accent.
Noelle’s scowl gets more prominent if at all possible, and Jake laughs out loud before smacking Mary, “Leave her alone. You’re gonna rile her up, and then she’s pointless for the rest of the day.”
“That’s the best part of my day though! You’re taking all the fun out of this!”
Jake and I both look at Noelle to see steam practically coming out of her ears. A low whistle comes out of Jake’s mouth, “Maybe you can make her madder. I can use her to demo the office area.”
Shooting a look at Jake, Noelle says. “As long as we tie this fool to the bookcase, and give me the sledgehammer…”
“Baby, you never told me you were so kinky…,” Mary exclaims.
“Don’t you say another word you ass!” Noelle says.
Mary holds his hands to his chest, “Me?”
“I have known you damn near my whole life you selfish bastard. Grow up!” Noelle says before getting up and walking to the back.
“Why do you have to piss her off so much?” I ask.
“It’s fun. Someone needs to pull that stick out of her ass,” Mary mutters.
“Dude, she helps run this business and is a single mom! Give her a break!” I say to him. 
“I plan to do more than that,” Mary says and gets up to walk out the door.
Jake just sits there before looking at me. “I think your brother likes my sister.”
“Yeah, likes to drive her crazy. Whatever works I guess as long as he doesn’t do anything stupid. What are you up to today? Going anywhere?” I ask as I finish my caramel macchiato.
“Nah, I’m gonna sit here for a while longer,” Jake says.
“OK,” I say slapping my hands on the table before pushing myself up. “You need something let me know,” and I walk back to the counter to join Roni whose just chilling.
I’m barely there when Becca comes running through the front door. Wait, isn’t she supposed to be asleep? It’s not even lunch time. “Sage! I need your help! Come on!” She’s out of breath, but still runs, in her heels mind you, to grab me and pull me from behind the counter. This is highly unusual for Becca. Who am I kidding? Anything above a walk is unusual for Becca. She’s more a person who saunters, unless she’s in the kitchen baking. Then she’s a maniac and becomes a blur going from one thing to the next.
Sighing, I allow her to drag me out the front door of Deja Brew and toward the town square. Oh, good lord. Why? Odd, but there’s a bunch of people here. Must be some to do that I forgot all about. Damn, we should have had a booth. Becca’s pastries would sell out in no time. Turning to Becca, I ask, “Why didn’t we get a booth?” As she looks at me with a weird and confused smile on her face, I hear “Sage Marin, where are you?” Uh, what the hell is going on? 
“Becca is that Oliver? Or am I hearing things?” I say while grabbing her arm in a tight grip. Turning to look at her, I see her jumping. Wait, jumping? “Becca, what’s happening?”
“I think someone is trying to say something,” Jake says as he strolls up with Roni on his arm. Roni and Becca are smiling, and I hear, “I see you Sage…”
Swallowing hard, I turn back around, and it’s easy to see now that the crowd has parted, that there in the dead center of town, is Oliver, with a microphone and a guitar sitting on the steps of the gazebo that’s located there. What is he thinking? He can’t play an instrument! People will laugh at him! 
“Everyone needs to go home! Now!” Of course, I’m laughed at, and everyone wants to see what’s going to happen. “Oliver, please, I beg you, stop this!” I’m panicking because he’s going to make a fool of me as well. When Mary and Noelle join us, I grab Mary’s arm, “If you love me at all, you’ll get him to stop this foolishness!”
“Sorry sis, he’s doing what needs to be done,” and he pats me on the head before stepping back to watch.
“Sage Marin,” Oliver stands as he says this, and starts walking toward me, “I have something to tell you.”
“Oh God,” I look at Becca, “Please make him stop,” and I turn around to leave, but Jake steps in front of me, takes me by the arm and turns me to face Oliver, who may I say is a lot closer. He’s so gorgeous, and I have missed him so much. Sighing, I start to play with my apron strings, hanging my head down. Oh my god this is so embarrassing. 
Oliver stops five feet away from me. “Sage Marin, I did you wrong, and didn’t realize it.”
“Oliver it’s not a big deal, honestly,” I say. “We can be friends. We just go back to how it was before everything.”
As I stand there, with Jake at my back, Oliver says, “If we go back to how everything was before then we would still be sneaking kisses, and I would still be loving you,” my eyes pop wide open as my head jerks up, “and thinking I could never have you. That’s not where I want to be,” he finishes up with an off-key strum of his guitar. 
“Sage, this song is for you,” as he points at me and winks. Closing my eyes, I drop my head again. This is so embarrassing. And Becca is still bouncing. AND OLIVER TURNER JUST SAID HE LOVES ME! I think…
Then the song starts playing, and my head snaps up to see the high school band on the other side of the square. I hadn’t seen them before. What did Oliver do? “I think you remember the last time I sang this song don’t you Sage, he says loud and clear,” as I stand there looking shell shocked I’m sure, “Yeah, I know you do, and I know this is your all-time favorite song Sweetheart. I serenaded you outside your dorm one night after travelling all night to surprise you. I wanted to tell you how I felt then, but, well, I’m an idiot,” to which I simply nod my head while our friends are yelling agreements at him. 
Then he starts singing. Oh my god, it’s Crimson and Clover!!! And the man I love is singing it. To me. What is happening? And Oliver’s voice has improved massively since college.

Ah, now I don't hardly know her
But I think I could love her
Crimson and clover

Ah when she comes walking over
Now I've been waitin' to show her
Crimson and clover over and over

Yeah, my, my such a sweet thing
I wanna do everything
What a beautiful feeling
Crimson and clover over and over 

He ends that lyric while standing right in front of me. I’m crying, and it’s not pretty crying. Oliver leans his forehead on mine, whispering “I love you, Sage. I’m so sorry…” which makes me start crying even more as I wrap my arms around him “I missed you so much!” he says in my ear before kissing me.
Pushing him away, I look at him, “This doesn’t fix anything though Oliver…”
“I know,” he says with a shrug and quick kiss, “but I need you to come with me so I can fix this.”
“I’m not going to have sex with you Oliver…”
Laughing, “I asked for that, but no. We can celebrate later. Just come with me. Please?”
“Go with you where?”
“Trust me?”
“Yeah, right, remember our history? I don’t want to be caught skinny dipping again!” 
Around us the entire town is laughing, remembering my embarrassment one summer in college when Oliver had stolen my clothes after he dared me to go skinny dipping with him. The only way I got home was because a family who was camping nearby gave me a sheet. Of course, Oliver was the one who got me to go skinny dipping in the first place to tease me. Jerk.
Kissing me quickly, he pulls back and smiles, “I promise, there will be no skinny dipping unless you want. Come on, you know you want to.”
“I don’t know,” but apparently my decision is made for me when Oliver grabs my hand and walks me around the square. “Wait, Oliver where are we going?” Look back, I see our friends following us, all with smiles on their faces. 
“Really Oliver, what’s going on?” I notice we’re heading toward our neighborhood. But Oliver keeps walking until he’s standing with me on my parents’ front porch.
“And the reason we’re standing in front of my parents’ house?” I ask quizzically.
“Easy. This is where it all started.”
“Where what started?”
“This is where I fell in love with you.”
My mouth drops open, “Oliver what are you talking about?”
Looking around us, he goes on, “I don’t remember the first time I saw you,” he begins, “but I remember the first time I SAW you. I was 13, you were 11, and I just knew you were going to be mine.”
“Uh, ok…,”
“Yeah, you were kicking some kid’s ass for calling Becca fat. I mean you were literally shoving his face in mud screaming at him to take it back and to never talk about her or to her ever again.”
“Oh yeah,” and looking at Becca standing on the sidewalk, I continue, “didn’t she go out with him in high school?”
“Yes, I did! He was a real good kisser too!” Becca yells from the sidewalk.
“Hey, back here with me,” Oliver gently turns my head to him. “So, I kept coming here or making excuses to be here. I wanted to be around you. So…yeah,” and waving his hand toward the swing, he tugs me over, “this is where we had our first kiss,” and he kisses me his tongue diving in for a quick taste, before pulling back. Dang it, he needs to stop doing that.
“Next stop,” he says pulling me with him. We end up at the park down the street. “This is where I grabbed my second kiss from you remember?”
“Yes, I do! The girls and I were chilling out talking on the swings when you parked and walked up, stopping behind me! You scared the shit out of me!”
“And I took that chance to kiss you. I have no clue if Becca or Noelle saw us, but – “
“Yes, we saw you!” Noelle yells out from the group that’s still just following us, “Can you please get on with this plan,” she adds impatiently.
Laughing, I lean back and see Oliver laughing as he pulls a piece of paper from his pocket. “What’s that?”
“This? This is a running list of everywhere we’ve kissed,” as he unfolded it, I can see he’s been keeping it for a while, and some of the pencil he used in earlier times was practically gone, and there is writing everywhere. “My plan was to drag you to every single one of these places, in order, and kiss you all over again. I love you Sage. I remember everything about you and us. You’re mine, I’m yours, and if you can think of any other cutesy saying I’ll go with it. Just as long as you’ll stay with me.”
Looking at Oliver, I’m hesitant, but I understand he’s leaving the choice to me. When I turn to our friends, I see them smiling, and my decision is made. I turn back to Oliver, grab him by the front of his shirt, and kiss him. As his arms come around me holding me tight, we part briefly. 
“Don’t you have something to tell me?” Oliver asks. 
Pulling back, I tell him, “I have no clue what you mean…,” as he growls before starting to tickle me. “Ok, ok, I guess I love you too. But don’t you ever, EVER pull shit like this again!” as I pull him back down to kiss me. 
Around us everyone starts clapping and laughing, and when we pull back, I turn my head to see Noelle, Becca, and Roni smiling and hugging each other and Jake and Mary have an arm around each other’s shoulder. Mary walks up to Oliver and slaps him on the back. 
“Watch it. I mean it this time,” and he walks over to the girls and proceeds to act like one of them by laughing and jumping.
Dez is jumping around us in excitement, barking. Then there’s Jake, who just smiles and hugs us before stepping back, leaving space for Noelle, Becca, and Roni to jump both Oliver and me in excitement. Luckily, Jake and Mary pull them back, and while Jake walks toward town with Becca on one arm and Roni on the other, Mary has Noelle over his shoulder, and she’s beating him on the back yelling at him.
Smiling, I look at Oliver and ask, “Where do we go from here?”
Smiling, Oliver looks at me, and informs me “Well, Mary moved in with Jake, leaving me back all by my lonesome. Lots of space,” and he leans in closer, “more things to christen. Things like counters,” right before he takes me under with a kiss that has all the blood rushing to my face and drowns out everyone and everything around us.



Epilogue

Oliver



Well, we’ve come a long way since I sang to Sage, then promised never to do it again. Well, unless it’s just the two of us. I don’t know if it’s because of my singing voice or the fact that I embarrassed her, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Now? Now we’re happier than ever, almost disgustingly so, at least that’s what Noelle says. Becca just rolls her eyes. Mary threatens me regularly. Jake just smiles a little, but then goes back to minding in his own business. 
All of us are at Crockett’s relaxing. We had just spent all day moving Sage into my house. Now that was a fight. She didn’t like being so far from Deja Brew, but Noelle and Becca convinced her saying she doesn’t get there til daylight anyways. Then I added to it by saying I would drive in with her every day, just follow behind her. I need my caramel macchiato fix, so it worked out. She’s been living with me for the past month, just stopping by the apartment to get clothes, so she might as well move in. 
Plus, I find I miss her too much when she’s away from me. She’s my other half, and yes, my better half.
“So, Becca, you officially ready to be on your own?” I ask my sister. 
We’re all sitting at a round table in a corner of Crockett’s, except for Noelle, who is at the bar, flirting with some random guy as she waits for more drinks. Mary is calm but watching Noelle. When the guy puts his hand on Noelle and leans toward her, he jumps out of his seat and walks to stand behind Noelle while glaring at the guy who backs off. Noelle says something over her shoulder, and Mary grabs her hand and drags her outside. Could he be any more obvious? 
Then there’s Roni on the dance floor. I still don’t know her that well personally, but running a check on her, I found out a couple of interesting things that she obviously doesn’t want shared. Needless to say, she fits in well with the group, so I’ll just keep my mouth shut until she says something.
Becca makes a face and sticks her tongue out at me, bringing me back to the conversation. “You stole my roommate you jerk! It’s lonely.”
Sage leans forward, grabbing her hand. “I can come by whenever you want. Let’s do a girls’ night this weekend!”
Shit, I have a surprise for Sage, I’ve already worked it out with Becca and Noelle to give her time off. Looking at Becca, I’m hoping she remembers. “That sounds great Sage! Yes! We can do a Marvel Marathon!” Becca loves Captain America, but that’s not the point! She’s totally fucking up my plans! 
“Uh, Becca…” I begin only to be interrupted. “We can order pizza, it’s a cheat week for me!” Becca goes on. Yes, Becca has a cheat week, not a cheat day. Not that she needs it. I love my sister and I think she’s gorgeous as she’s.
“What do you need a cheat week for?” Jake asks quietly, or at least as quiet as he can in the bar and still be heard. Dez raises his head to look at all of us.
Rolling her eyes, Becca goes, “So I can lose weight, duh.”
“You’re fine the way you’re. Anyone would be lucky to have you as their own,” Jake says. 
“Whatever, I’m just waiting to find “The One” and be disgustingly happy like these two,” Becca says pointing at Sage and me causing Jake to snort.
“What? You don’t believe in true love?” Becca asks.
“No, I don’t. Otherwise it would have already happened,” Jake says.
Sage interjects, “I think Oliver and I have true love.”
“Yeah, but look at how long it took you two.”
“So maybe you’ve already found it, but don’t see it yet?”
Alright time to get this back on track. “Becca…”
“Oh, shoot that’s right!”
“What’s right?” Sage says.
“I have a date this weekend, so we’ll have to postpone girls’ night,” she says with a pout. My sister is a serial dater, and that’s well known. She’s even on all kinds of dating apps. I worry about her, and if I ever find out the guy’s name before the date, I do run a quick check on him. Luckily, it’s been safe so far, but I worry. She’s my sister after all.
“Damn, I was hoping for that girls’ night,” Sage pouts.
“Maybe the following weekend you guys could do something,” I offer up putting my arm around Sage’s shoulders and pulling her close.
“Maybe, if the slut over there doesn’t have another date,” she says with a glare at Becca who puts on an innocent face.
Jake speaks up at this point, “I have an extra room.”
We all look at him curiously. In the silence that follows Noelle and Mary come back. Noelle looks angry, her hair is a mess, and her lips are a bit puffy. Wait, is that beard burn on her cheek? What’s on her neck? Looking at Mary, I can see the scruff action he has going on. No one questions Noelle, but you can tell there are all kinds of questions, especially since Mary is sitting there looking satisfied. These two need to just stop whatever this is or go fuck and be done.
 As a group we turn back to looking at Jake. “What are you talking about?” Mary asks.
“I have an extra room,” Jake repeats.
Sage looks at him and says, “Yeah, we get that, but why are you mentioning that?”
Jake nods at Becca, “She says she’s lonely. She can have the extra room.”
Everyone turns their head to look at Becca who’s sitting there, in shock I think, her mouth a little parted. “It’s up to Becca,” I say. 
“Um, well, I don’t know,” Becca starts. “I have Luci. I don’t know how he and Dez will react to each other.”
“I’ll bring Dez by the apartment tomorrow, and we’ll see.” 
Biting her lip and looking around, Becca agrees, “Alright, but you know Luci. He’s harmless.”
“So is Dez,” as he waves to where Dez is laying with his head on Becca’s shoe before adding, “I won’t cramp your style, you can still do you.”
Becca is now blushing. “It’s just…easier to be here since I wake up early to bake…”
Jake shrugs, “What’s that matter?”
“Well, the fact that it’s easier to walk down to the kitchen, along with the fact that I don’t have a car to drive in?”
“I can drive you,” is his response. 
“Well that’s just stupid. Why wake you up early to drive me in?”
“I’m up anyways. No sweat off my back,” to this everyone raises their brows. Why is Jake up at four in the morning?
“What? I have a hard time sleeping sometimes,” he shrugs in response. 
“You need help Jake?” Noelle asks quietly as she leans forward to grab his hand.
“No, I don’t and stay out of it,” he says before looking back at Becca. “We’ll get your stuff this weekend and move you in,” he says with a finality that no one questions. 
“Um, ok…” Becca says. 
“That’s that then,” I say. I look at the bartender and nod my head. 
When what I consider our song comes on, I stand up, and pull Sage with me to the dance floor. “I believe this is our song…,” and she laughs and burrows into my chest as we slow dance together. I sing the words for her ears only as she giggles and burrows her head into my chest. 
We’re right where we belong, and this weekend I’m going to put that black box that’s in my locker at work (Sage likes to snoop) to use and ask Sage to marry me.



Oliver’s Letter to Sage



Sage,

What’s there to say? Congratulations that you have finally graduated high school. I have been with you through every single up and down you have had. When you laughed, cried, smiled, wanted to punch someone. 
I know you’ll be at the same college as me next year, but we’ll probably be in different circles, along with way different classes. But I will be coming home to you. I know you and Becca have the plan to open a coffee shop/bakery which makes sense. Our baking dates have always been the best thing. Even when I tried to sneak a kiss, or you supposedly had accidents and had to touch me. You think I took my shirt off to protect it? Please, I wanted you to see ME. Not Mary’s friend. Not Becca’s brother. I wanted you to see Oliver Turner. 
Do you remember when I offered myself as a punching bag last year? Some jackass boyfriend of yours was trying to force you to do some things you didn’t want to do. I found you in your room crying during a break in school. I remember looking around your room, and all I could think about was our first kiss. You don’t know this, but it rocked me to my very core. From that point on, I have been yours despite my actions saying otherwise. I know I can never have you, what with you being Mary’s sister and all, but I want you to know that you have me, heart and soul. You always will. 
Maybe one day I’ll be able to tell you how I feel to your face. But know that I love you. I always have and always will. I was just an idiot and didn’t see it sooner. If I’m lucky, maybe one day I’ll even be able to ask you to marry me. So…just wait for me, ok?
I love you Sage…

Oliver Turner
What did you think of Want?

First of all, thank you for purchasing Want. I know you could have picked any number of books to read, but you picked this one and for that I am extremely grateful

If you enjoyed this book and found some benefit in reading this, please leave a review!

And keeping reading for sneak peeks of the second installment of the Deja Brew Series Need and my new Lone Star Honeys Series Red Hot Mama!

Thank you!

Reagan McDaniels

Need
A Deja Brew Novel

Keep Reading for a Sneak Peek of the next installment of the Deja Brew Series!

Available at all major retailers
Need

Jake and Becca’s Story







Jake

13 Years Ago



“Dude, Mary, you are so going down!”
It’s me and the guys today riding our bikes to my house in the afternoon after finishing up with some football practice with a group of other potential football players from our neighborhood. Due to the heat we’re wearing light clothes. In other words, basketball shorts and t-shirts. It doesn’t help alleviate the heat much though and we’re sweating, nor does it help with the amount of dirt cover us from all the tackles that happened.
“Nope, not today! Football tryouts are next week, and I’m going to be quarterback!” is Mary’s response, and he’s good enough to get it. Being tall and trim, Mary has the moves for it. He knows where everyone is on the field at all times and rarely misses a shot. 
Mary’s real name is Basil Marin, poor kid. No clue really what his parents were thinking, but it doesn’t really matter. Obviously, his nickname Mary is a shortened version of his last name. I really don’t think it makes sense to go from Basil to Mary, but it’s Mary. Enough said. Girls still fall over his looks. He’s got dark curly hair with blue eyes that he shares with his mom and sister Sage.
Ollie, who made the claim, is a wide receiver, always ready to grab the ball and fast on his feet. Like Basil (sorry, Mary!), he was blessed with a name that he rarely uses. Oliver. I mean really what were their parents thinking? Ollie has dark blonde hair and green eyes. And unbeknownst to him, we all know he has had a lifelong crush on Mary’s sister Sage. Dude couldn’t be more obvious. He just has to admit it to himself. 
Meanwhile, I’m a defensive lineman, built perfectly for it. I go by Jake, but my name is Jacob, which no one calls me. I have blonde hair, but I cut it short enough that it looks brown, and my eyes are brown. Fairly nondescript I would think except for one thing. I’m big for my age. I can’t help that I look like I’m 16. Honestly, older chicks come on to me all the time. Heck, I got my first kiss when I was 10 and the girl was 16. Plus, I pull off the quiet brooding look quite well. But that’s because I am quiet. Not brooding though. More introspective, and I would rather watch action than be part of it, except when it comes to football.
Luckily, we aren’t all trying for the same position. And if we were, we would all be happy for the one who got it and support him. We’ve been friends our entire lives. Our parents have all been friends since before we were born, and actually we were all born within 6 months of each other. Now, we’re heading into our freshman year of high school, so yeah, we think we’re big deals. 
“Hey Jake, what’s that smell? It’s making me hungry.”
I sniff the air. “I think the girls are baking today,” I say with a shrug of my shoulders.
Mary perks up at that, “Really? What are they making?”
Looking at him I ask, “Why would I know? They’re doing their baking deals is all I know.”
“Let’s go check it out then,” Ollie says with a slap to my shoulder.
Walking into my family’s kitchen, we find all three of our sisters, Becca, Noelle, and Sage, decorating cakes. I would complain, but it’s really not worth it, especially not when I enjoy eating their creations. 
“What are you girls making today?” Ollie asks as he goes to stand next to Sage and tug on her ponytail. Ollie and Sage have some weird bond going on. They gravitate toward each other naturally, and even though I know Ollie has a crush on Sage, he would never do anything that would hurt their friendship. Sage is the tallest of all of them, with dark hair that is always in a braid or ponytail and steel blue eyes that can slice through a person. 
Shrugging away from him, Sage answers, “It’s a unicorn cake. Becca found it and wanted us to do this, so yeah.” She looks pretty fierce decorating the cake with her attention intent on her work. Her cake looks good, but it doesn’t hold a candle to Becca’s, whose cake looks like a pro did it when I finally look at it. Wait, why is Becca working on something else?
‘Will you guys be our taste testers and judges?” Noelle asks, looking at Mary. 
Groaning to myself, I wonder why Mary can’t see how much Noelle likes him. Not that I would want them to even think about going out. But she’s being pretty obvious. Noelle’s my sister and I love her. She’s athletic and a cheerleader with blonde hair and brown eyes like me. A lot of guys like her for some reason. I don’t really get it, because she can be a brat a lot of the times, but who am I to judge?
Mary smiles at her, “Yeah, definitely. When will they be ready?”
Becca jumps in, “Sage and Noelle should be done in a couple of minutes. They’re just putting the final touches on their cakes.” 
Becca is Ollie’s sister. Her name is actually Rebecca, but she looks like a Becca to everyone. She has dirty blonde hair and big hazel eyes. Her laugh and her voice have a husky timber to it that is oddly refreshing to hear. She just had her braces removed, so she smiles a lot more than she did before. Honestly, Becca’s cute. She’s a little chunky when next to Sage and Noelle, but it’s nothing massive. And she always smells like vanilla and sugar. I like it personally.
“What are you working on then?” I ask, because it looks good, and, as I stand next to her, I lean in, inhaling deep, “It smells awesome.”
“It’s a pineapple upside down cake,” Becca says shyly. “I’ve never made one before.”
“I want to try it,” I say pointing my finger at it.
Laughing, Becca cuts a piece for me. As I take a bite, the taste envelops my mouth, and I think I even moan in pleasure. God, this is so good. “Dang Becca, you outdid yourself!” 
Blushing, she tells me, “I used fresh pineapple and a glaze, and…”
“Don’t care, it’s awesome!” causing her to blush even more. I grab another piece and get out of the way so Sage and Noelle can finish, eating in front of the guys before they go and grab their own pieces. Yeah, this pineapple upside down cake is definitely my new favorite cake.
Finally, the girls finish, and Mary, Ollie, and I go sit at the dining room table. Sage goes first, bringing us each a piece. It’s good, not great, and after I eat her piece, I go back to eating my pineapple upside down cake. Little bites so I can savor it more. Becca is next, and where it’s not the pineapple upside down cake, it’s still great, and all three of us love it. Then Noelle comes up. She’s biting her lip and looking nervous. Then we take a bite.
And spitting ensues.
“What the heck is that?”
“I need water!”
Rolling my eyes, I look at Noelle, who’s about to burst into tears judging from the look of her. Smiling, I grab her hand, “Hey sis?”
“Yeah?” she says with a tremble in her voice.
“I love you, you know that right?”
“Y-yeah…”
“So, shooting from the hip here alright?” and Noelle gives me a nod of her head. “You won’t ever be a baker,” I say as a huge burst of laughter erupts from Mary.
Sighing, and dropping her head, she turns and walks into the kitchen. Damn it, I didn’t want to hurt her feelings. Becca glares at me, while Sage is glaring at Ollie and Mary. “Why would you say that?” Becca all but growls at me.
Pushing Noelle’s cake to her, I tell her, “Try it.”
As she takes a bite, Becca’s face scrunches up and she discreetly grabs a napkin before spitting her bite into it. Then sighs. “She must have confused the salt and sugar again.”
“Again?” I ask with my eyebrows up.
“Yes, she does it a lot.” Looking around, “I have hope for her though,” and she ends it with a smile before heading to Noelle.
“I think it’s time for us to go,” I tell Mary and Ollie as I stand.
“Yeah, let’s get out of here. We left our bikes in the backyard,” Mary says.
Mary and Ollie head out while I walk into the kitchen where Noelle is crying. “Hey sis, it’s all good. We can’t be good at everything okay? You’re great at math, fashion, decorating, cheerleading. Not being able to bake is not the end of the world.”
Sniffling, Noelle says, “I know, but why is Mary such a jerk? He laughed at me Jake!”
Sage glares in the direction where Mary had left, “Because he just is.”
Sighing, I give Noelle a hug, and as I walk through the kitchen, I grab another piece of pineapple upside down cake. This cake is the bomb! I eat it all before heading outside to meet Mary and Ollie.
“Hey guys?” and when they look up at me, I continue, “if either of you ever says anything to hurt my sister in any way possible, or even comes close to making her cry, I will beat the shit out of you.”
They both nod, but Mary adds, “Same goes to you dude.”


Red Hot Mama
A Lone Star Honeys Novel

Available at all major online retailers for FREE:
Red Hot Mama

Keep Reading for a Sneak Peek!!!








Chapter 1

Dylan



Asshole. 
Seriously. The man’s a jerk.
We have a great night talking and drinking so much that we fall asleep on my couch. Nothing else happens. And it was great! The kind of evening that most women would enjoy. Comfortable. 
Well, except for my wearing a skintight Poison Ivy costume. 
But I looked good. Especially considering I’ve had a child. Sure, he’s ten now, but that’s beside the point. 
I looked good.
In the morning he was gone. Never to be heard from again except through Izzy or Roni, his sisters. Not like there’s much they say. Because there’s not. So, I’m pining away for some guy who I’ve known for maybe 12 hours and slept on my couch with, however innocent it was. 
But it sure felt good lying in his arms. 
So, I’m working out my frustration in roller derby practice.
“Bitch stop pushing so hard! You want me to be hurt for competition?”
“Really Dyl, chill a bit.”
“Leave her be. She’s working through something.” That’s from Roni Myers, who I’ve noticed has had a tendency to watch me a little closer than normal recently. Then again, she’s gone through some changes herself in the past couple months since that night.
I heard that Max, the bartender at Crockett’s, had proposed that night, Halloween, and Roni said no. Well, she actually ran away. Max left town that night, and no one that I’m aware of has heard from him since. Roni, normally a vibrant Goth who always smiled and flirted, has changed though. Her hair is a faded black now, as if she hasn’t dyed it recently, and her eyes are a vibrant blue instead of the chocolate brown they used to be. Her cheeks have a dull rosy look, and she’s looking more and more like her sister Izzy. Then again, they are twins.
Either way, to me it looks like Roni has lost her excitement for life. 
I know that feeling, considering my high school boyfriend, Jason, ditched out when I told him I was pregnant, never to be heard from again. He was nineteen at the time, and really the only time we got any type of contact was a legal document stating that he was giving up all rights to the baby. At the time, I was scared and lonely and my future consisted of me having to give my baby up. I didn’t want to do that at all, and my parents fought me constantly over it while I was pregnant. I grew stronger due to their combined actions.
Background on my parents. Bradford and Emily Reynolds. I love them, they’re my parents. They’ve always had high expectations for their children. There’s me, the rebel middle child, and my younger sister Logan who’s a baker at Deja Brew, a cute coffee house ran by our friends Sage, Becca, and Noelle. Noelle just had her second child with her hubby Mary. Don’t get me started on that whole mess. Let’s just say he got her pregnant out of high school and left her without knowing only to come back six years later to find out he was a dad. 
I also have an older brother, Ethan, somewhere. He’s an attorney. Again, somewhere. We don’t see or hear from him much. The reason? Our parents.
Bradford and Emily Reynolds. Upper echelon of Granbury, Texas. I have never understood why but they like their status here. Of course, it’s home, and we all know each other, but still. My dad runs the local bank and my mom is the librarian. Appearances have always been everything to them. So, when I got pregnant in high school, it was a huge embarrassment for them. They didn’t want to help with Mason, my son, at all, but they’ve come around some. They’ll take him occasionally, but it’s not a lot. 
I had to fight to get my GED since I didn’t have anyone that could watch Mason while I went to school, so I did what I could to make sure I still graduated. Then I went to junior college and studied kinesiology, only getting an associate degree before learning the fine art of massage. Yes, I’m a masseuse. Not the kind with happy endings though, let me make that clear. Yeah, I’m pointing at you. I know what you’re thinking.
In reality though, I haven’t been with anyone since Jason, and I haven’t wanted to. Until Zeke.
The asshole. 
I’m telling you! Have you ever been around someone who you just…connected with? Like immediately? 
It was Halloween and we were all at Mary and Noelle’s house. A night without any children, a rarity for me. I was dressed as Uma Thurman’s Poison Ivy from Batman and Robin. Yeah, you know what I’m talking about. Luckily, my hair’s already red, so no wig or dye needed. I digress though.
Izzy and Roni walked in as cheerleaders, one light, the other dark, followed by this tall guy. Handsome and sexy. I have never in my life started anything with a guy, but I wanted to that night, and I had enough liquid courage in me to walk up and invite him to get a drink with me. It helps that I saw him looking at me and the appreciation light up his eyes. We wandered off together, completely missing the blow up with Roni and Max, and, somehow, we ended up at my place laughing and chatting until we fell asleep. 
And again, the asshole ditched out before I woke up.
I hope I didn’t drool all over him. I do that. Drool. In my sleep. It’s gross, but I still do it.
“Dylan! Get in the game!”
“What?!” I ask looking around.
“You’re supposed to be jamming. Instead, you’re weaving around like you’re out for a Sunday skate!” Logan skates to a stop in front of me.
Oh, I should tell you, I’m on a roller derby team with my sister Logan, Roni, and a couple of other girls. We’re awesome like that. Lone Star Honeys all the way. Yeah, that’s our team name. I think we came up with it when we were out drinking one night. It’s stuck so here we are.
“I’m not!” I couldn’t have been. I’m always the one keeping the rest of us in line. It’s the maternal instinct I’ve cultivated. That’s why I’m captain and go by the name Red Hot Mama. 
“You actually are,” Roni says, skating up to join Logan and me. Her blue eyes creep me out as they make contact with mine. I really liked her better with brown eyes. “What’s bothering you?”
I look around, because really, I can’t tell Zeke’s sister that he’s an asshole. Especially when it was one night, nothing happened, and it was months ago. I mean, I’m not a stalker. Honest. Much. Alright, I searched for him on social media! You happy? I’m so pathetic! But there’s got to be a better way to do this.
“Well,” I begin, “there’s this guy…”
“What?!” Logan practically screeches. “Who?”
“A guy,” I say with a stern look. She’s only two years younger than me at twenty-five, but still. 
“What about him?” Roni asks with a head tilt and, is it me, or are her eyes narrowed? 
“I don’t know,” I say throwing my hands up in the air. “We had a great time I thought, but then it’s like poof, smoke, and he’s gone!”
“Wait a second!” Logan’s still being pretty loud. “When did you have time to meet a guy that no one knows about?”
Rolling my eyes, I respond, “It’s been a while. But…it’s stayed with me is all. And it’s driving me up the wall. He was great!” I shoot a glance at Roni, and I’m surprised to find a small smile grace her lips. 
“I remember…,” she begins only to stop and a haunted look replaces the smile. She quickly shakes herself before looking around and finally focusing on me again. “You need to find him.”
“Uh, how am I supposed to do that? I’ve tried everything!” OK, I know I could just ask Roni for her brother’s number, but really? No.
Logan does her own head tilt. “You didn’t get his number?”
“No.”
“Social media accounts?”
“No.”
“Have you looked?”
“Yes.”
“And nothing?”
“Not a peep,” I respond.
Logan then narrows her eyes, “do we know him?”
I must hesitate a second too long, because she jumps on that. “We do!” before she turns to Roni. “Who do we know that she could possibly have a thing for?”
I know I’m being examined because Roni responds, “I have an idea.”
“Well, what does that mean?” I burst out.
“You’ll see,” and she starts skating backwards, away from us to join the other two members of our team, Aubrey and Marley, best friends and roommates.
“Dylan?” Logan asks while looking at Roni.
“Yeah Logan?”
“You worried about Roni as much as I am?”
“Yep.”
“We have to do something.”
“Yeah, but right now? No one knows where Max is and he’s the only one that can fix things.”
“What about a private investigator? We can get one to search for him.”
I sigh, because it’s not a bad idea, but it’s also one that costs money. “And whose gonna pay for that?”
Sighing deeply herself, Logan muses, “Maybe Izzy can help?”
“Maybe,” I shrug my shoulders.
“Who’s the guy?”
“Max,” I look at her in confusion. 
“No, you dork,” she punches my arm, “Who’s the guy you like?”
“I don’t want to say,” Yes, I’m being cautious.
“Logan, think girl,” Roni says coming back up to us. She can’t know, can she? No way.
She shrugs her shoulders, “No clue.”
Roni just shakes her head before looking at me, “We’re all heading to Crockett’s,” she says as pain flashes in her eyes. “Izzy has a table ready for us, and it’s gonna be a big group. You in?”
“I have Mason…”
“Mason’s with Quinn. Stop using him as an excuse,” Roni glares.
“Fine,” I say as I blow out a big breath. “What time?”
“Eight.”
I nod my head, “Cool. Let’s finish this practice first.”
“Sure, and Dylan?”
“What?” I say in exasperation.
“Look pretty,” she says with a wink as she pulls Logan away to get in position for the next jam practice.



“Look pretty she says,” I mumble as I’m getting dressed. “As if I have anything pretty. And why? It’s just Crockett’s.”
My room looks like a tornado hit it to be honest. Look pretty my ass. I’m a mom! As if I have anything pretty to wear. I massage people for a living! And what do I wear when I do that? Scrubs. When I’m at roller derby practice its normally leggings and an oversized shirt that has some kind of stain on it. 
Again, how am I supposed to look pretty. Bitch. 
I’m glaring at the pile of clothes on my bed when my doorbell rings. I grab my phone, because I may as well just text and say I’m tired and won’t make it. But it seems luck is not on my side today when I open my front door. Roni. And Izzy. And Noelle.
“Where’s the baby?” I ask first.
“Really Dylan? The baby? That’s what you notice?” Noelle asks.
“Uh, yes?” 
“Madison’s with her grandparents, along with Mason and Quinn. Remember?”
“Uh, no?”
Rolling her eyes, Noelle barges past me, and that’s when I notice she’s brought a bag. A large bag. “What’s that?” I say pointing at it.
“Outfits for us to make you look pretty,” Izzy says as she claps her hands. “Strip bitch!” This is followed by a giggle and “I’ve always wanted to say that!”
Huffing a laugh, Roni walks to the kitchen, and I see her look out the window to the house next door and sigh. The same house that’s been vacant since Max disappeared. I walk up to her and drop my arm around her shoulders, “You alright?” I ask quietly.
She looks up at me and I see a gorgeous smile on her face, one that looks forced. “Yep. Perfect! Now let’s get this started!”
From there it’s a mass of clothes being thrown at me, and Noelle oohing and awing over everything and telling herself she’s going to go pick some of this up for herself until we finally settle on an outfit. And by we, I mean not me. Roni, Izzy, and Noelle decide. A jean miniskirt with brown calf height cowboy boots and a white low cut tank top covered by a tight green plaid button up that makes my eyes pop.
“Oh wow, Dyl, you look great!”
I’m looking at myself in the mirror, and I must say I really do. But still. “I don’t think I can wear this!”
“Why not?” Izzy asks in confusion.
“Look how much I’m showing!” I wave at my exposed chest.
“Well, we’re going to get you some attention. Guys at the bar are going to be salivating over you!”
“Eeewww Izzy. Salivating? Can’t you just say drooling?” Noelle asks.
“Salivating sounds more…primal,” Izzy shrugs and looks at Roni with an intense look while Noelle just rolls her eyes.
“You’re not changing,” Roni says before pointing me to the front door. “Get your ass in my car now.”
“When did you become so bossy?” I ask.
“Since now,” she shrugs. That’s when I finally notice what she’s wearing. A pair of tight blue jeans with boots similar to mine and a loose white tank top. Her hair is a tangled mess around her shoulders, but the main thing? There’s no hair dye, no make-up, no extensions. She looks just like Izzy.
Maybe it’s better if I go.
Decision made.
I nod my head once, “Fine, let’s get this, whatever this is, done,” and I grab Roni’s arm, dragging her outside to her car where I get in the passenger side. When she gets in, I turn to look at her. “What’s going on?”
“Nothing Mom,” she rolls her eyes.
I reach out and pinch her lightly. “Tell me what’s going on. I’m worried. This isn’t you.”
She shrugs her shoulders and before she can turn around, I see a sheen of tears in her eyes, “Nothing all right? I figure it’s time to show the world the real me is all.”
“Roni?”
“What?” she snaps as she starts her car.
“We’ll all love you no matter what alright? Be you Goth or a princess, we just want Roni.”
I watch her shoulders slump, “Thanks.”
“He’ll come back.”
“Yeah,” she mumbles.
I figure it’s better to change the subject, “So what are we doing tonight? It’s so last minute.”
“A friendly get together,” and the old Roni makes an appearance judging by the glint in her eye. 
“Uh huh, sure. Want to expand?”
“Nothing to expand on. Now buckle up!” and she puts her car in gear and before heading the five minutes it takes to get to Crockett’s.
Had I known what I would see when I walked in, I would have walked the other way. Or at the very least used an excuse.
“You bitch!” I seethe as I grab Roni’s arm once I see whose there. Blue eyes meet mine. Blue eyes that I stared into one night, practically drowning in them. Blue eyes that I’ve dreamed about almost every night since.
“You rang?” she says sweetly.
“You knew?”
“I know all,” she waves her hand majestically, “Now get your ass in there and get your man.”
“Roni,” I groan.
“One thing though.”
“What?” I snap.
“You are not allowed to talk to me about the crazy sex you’ll probably have with my brother ever. Understand?” And she walks away before I can even answer, leaving me by myself, mere feet from where Zeke is standing still, watching me with what’s probably the same dumbfounded look I have.
About the Author

Reagan McDaniels is mom to three children (teenagers!!) and two cats. Reagan grew up in a big city, but moved to a small town, which she much prefers, even though she misses some aspects of the big city. 
Favorite things to do? Read romance which she has been doing since she was 13 years old!!! The number of books and authors she has read is probably quite unimaginable, but it’s been worth it!
She also likes to decorate and get crafty, which she never did before. At any time in her home, one can find some type of project going on!!!

