Waters of the Kalahari


A Jessica Thorpe Novel


By William Wresch
Copyright 2021 William Wresch
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Book 7:  Emil dies.  Jessica mourns.  The company sends her to Africa.  The World Bank wants help with a well project.  Is there water under the Kalahari Desert?  Jessica joins a team that puts ninety wells across the desert as Namibians research the local aquifer.  She comes out of the desert months later only to be fired by the new CEO of Emil’s company.  Time to put in her own wells in Michigan.  Jessica forms her own company and builds her first water bottling plant.  A German hydrologist arrives to help her find the locations safest from mining pollution.  He has a secret.  She has a decision to make.  Will she join him in Heidelberg?



Chapter 1
I Get Sent to Africa

It’s a twelve hour flight from Frankfurt to Johannesburg.  Lights went off pretty soon after takeoff.  It’s a long flight.  People wanted to sleep.  I was in business class.  Some room to myself.  I had a small TV monitor in my space.  I set it to flight information and watched our plane paint a white line south, across the Alps, across the Med, across Africa.
Twelve hours to sit.  Twelve hours to think about Emil.  And, yes, twelve hours to think about mistakes I had made.
It had been a long day.  The day he died.  Most days were long.  He was CEO of an international company.  A family business that now spanned three continents.  He was at the office late.  I had come home before him.  I needed to welcome guests to our castle.  Emil’s grandfather had bought and restored the castle.  Cost him millions.  It wasn’t huge, or famous, but it was the only castle near Bern, Switzerland.  And while we lived there, it was as much a public space as a private home.  The historical society gave tours, and local non-profits held events in the great hall.
I don’t remember what non-profit was holding an awards banquet that night, but we were invited to join them.  We were hosts, and Emil was to receive an award.  As it turned out, half the population of Bern would receive one award or another that night, and each recipient had a prepared speech.  Emil joined me just as dinner was served, and we occupied our places at the head table for hour after endless hour.  I was restless, Emil was tired, I think most in attendance had decided some other non-profit would get future checks.
The event did finally end, but that didn’t free us to go up to our room.  After all, we were hosts.  So we stood and accepted the thanks of nearly every person in the room.  If they really wanted to thank us, they would have let us go up to our room and finally get to bed.  But we stood, smiled, shook multiple hands, and said pleasant things.  Finally, when only the caterers and few people from the non-profit remained, we started climbing stairs.
Castles have stairs.  Thirty six to get from the ground floor up to the bedrooms on the second floor.  We hadn’t even made it to the first landing when Emil suddenly lurched to his side, grabbed the railing, and then pitched forward onto a knee.  His mouth was wide.  Pain I think, but also an effort to draw breath.  He looked at me.  I saw pain.  I saw fear.  I saw his struggle.  Then his other knee came down, and both his hands rested on the stairs.
Everybody still in the castle did exactly the right things.  Two men carried him back down the stairs and lay him on the floor.  I opened his collar.  I held his hand.  EMS was called, and got to us within minutes.  We were in an ambulance and rushed to a hospital where doctors surrounded Emil.  They hooked him to machines and to drugs and did CPR.  I have no one to be angry with.  No shortcoming to curse.  All the right things were done, and still, he died.
If there was one shortcoming, one person who didn’t measure up, it was me.  I went into shock.  They let me stand by his bed, and hold his hand.  They took away everything they had plugged into Emil, all the equipment that had surround his bed.  They backed out of the room and left me with him.  I held his hand, and stared down into his stilled face.  And I froze.  I have no idea how long I stood there, his hand in mine for the last time.  Finally one of the nurses wrapped her arms around me and led me out of the room.
I have no idea who took me home, but I got there somehow, climbed those thirty six steps, and went to bed.
You hear about some widows, and the phrase is “she rose to the occasion.”  The wives of Senators who take their husband’s place in the Senate.  The wives who take over the family business and run it well for decades.  Not me.  Emil had been grooming me to take over for him.  He said five or six years when he retired.  I said eight or ten years.  We were married two years.
I wasn’t ready.  I wasn’t interested.  I might as well have been in a coma.  I got up the next morning and found a black dress.  Back of the closet.  One belonging to Emil’s first wife.  Long sleeves, floor length.  One of the many dresses I referred to as a “castle dress.”  Castles are cold.  Bare arms and bare legs feel every draft.  She had a collection of such dresses.  I added to it.  Sometimes I wore her dresses, sometimes I wore mine.  That morning I wore hers.  Black.  I hoped she hadn’t needed it too often.
I wore black for months.  
The first week was the worst.  Emil was important.  Emil had two daughters.  They and their husbands and children arrived from Geneva and Paris.  They took rooms down the hall from mine.  Rooms they had lived in as girls.  My daughters arrived.  The kids were left home with their husbands.  My girls stayed in the castle for a week. So the castle filled up with people.  Emil was important.  It wasn’t just family who filled the castle, though the family seemed to be endless.  Some cousin or in-law was always at the door.  But so was the leadership of Bern.  At the door to express sympathy.
At some point I found black gloves and a black veil deep in one of the dresser drawers that had been used by wife number one, and now was used by wife number two.  It felt like an important discovery.  Gloves.  I would touch, but not touch.  A veil.  I would see, but see as through a shadow.  I would sit where I was told to sit, stand where I was told to stand, but touch and not touch, see and not see.
There were people from the company, and from the church, and from the funeral home who directed much of the events that week.  For questions, Emil’s daughters were as likely to answer as I was.  What soloist to use at the service.  What hymns to sing.  What to serve at one of several receptions.  Though I never said it out loud, my answer to every question was – I don’t care.  Leave me alone.
The events ended.  Emil’s daughters left.  Mine stayed a couple more days.  We sat in the library and talked.  They held my hands, and hugged me often.  And told me about my grandchildren.  I have great daughters.  They wanted me to come back to Wisconsin with them, and maybe I should have, but I wasn’t ready yet.  I wanted to sleep in Emil’s bed and walk through Emil’s castle.
Within a week the castle emptied and my life settled into a routine.  I ordered more long, black dresses.  I wore my gloves and veil.  I moved among five locations – my bedroom, the library, the kitchen, the south turret, and the hilltop behind the castle.  My days filled.  I talked with Emma at meals.  Her job title was “cook,” but I always saw her as my big sister.  Her English was better than my German.  As I ate my meals, she would sit across from me.  She never said anything stupid like “How do you feel,” or “How can I help.”  She sat, sipped her coffee, sometimes took my gloved hand, and talked if I wanted to talk, sat silently if I wanted that.
Johann, the head of the historical society sometimes sat with me in the library.  I always had a large journal with me.  I was writing a history of my time with Emil.  I was filling page after page, from the first night when we yelled at each other, to our time on the hill trail when I fell in love with him.  Johann told me stories about Emil, but he never stayed long.  He knew I wanted alone time.
The south turret was hard to climb.  I needed both hands to pull up my skirts as I climbed endless circular stairs.  But the view.  The Alps.  Emil and I had stood up there at sunset, and watched the seasons change.  
The hilltop?  I was such a fool.  I had been proud of myself as I got to the top of the trail before Emil.  Now as I stood at the top, I realized a good wife would have seen his difficulty, known he was weakening, known he needed shorter days and fewer stairs.  A good wife would have known.
This not-so-good wife spent almost three months walking through Emil’s castle, reliving moments with Emil – his words, his touches, his dancing.
Somewhere in those months a woman came from the company’s HR office.  She had a form.  Did I want to continue my leave?  I hadn’t known I was on leave.  But the form was titled – Leave Request Form.  I signed.  I noticed there was no final date for my leave.  There was no deadline for my grief.  My job?  I was head of North American operations.  I had good managers.  They could handle things for a while.
Africa?  Africa arrived in the form of Emil’s great aunt.  Eighty years old.  Still active on the company’s board of directors.  Still active in the family – aunt to almost everyone, guiding voice to almost all.  She found me in the library.  Journaling.
“We have a job I would like you to take.”
“No.”
I was sitting on the couch in front of the fireplace.  Good place to sit.  A place where I was usually left alone.  She took the seat next to me.  She was turned to face me, and face me she did.  She had shrunk down to next to nothing, but what was left of her was focused on me.
“We have a representative in South Africa.  He does an adequate job selling our juices.  He was contacted by a woman at the World Bank.  Some country down there is starting a water project.  She wants you to help.”
“No.”
She lifted my veil and pulled one of my gloves from my hand.  She took that hand.
“You will go.  Your plane leaves tomorrow.”
“No.”
She took the glove off my other hand, and held that hand too.
“I have buried three husbands.  I loved them all.  I miss them all.  I’m still here.  Don’t know why.  You may be asking the same question.  I assure you, it is not so you can sit by the fire, hiding in black.  You may not be ready to go back to the office.  You may not be ready to run your division.  But you can be ready to get on a plane and find out what this World Bank woman wants.”
“No.”
“A car will come for you at three tomorrow.  Wear something other than black.”
She kept my gloves, pulled the veil from my head, and walked out the door.
The next day I pulled on a forest green, floor length dress, packed a bag, got in the car and got in the plane.  And spent twelve hours watching that white line on my little seat TV extend down from Frankfurt to Johannesburg.

Chapter 2
No Lions in Johannesburg

It was six thirty in the morning when we landed in Johannesburg (apparently everyone calls it “Joburg”).  It’s the same time zone as Switzerland, so I didn’t have jet lag, but I hadn’t slept on the plane.  I had been too busy watching that white line slide down the screen.  So I was sleep deprived.  Not a great way to start my first day in Africa.
Things got worse.  I was met at the airport by three people from the World Bank – two eager young men in their twenties, and a very tall woman about my age.  The eager young men wanted to share their eagerness.  I wanted a cup of coffee and a chance to see a lion, or at least an elephant.  I had left my castle, and changed out of my black dress.  I deserved a lion.
The eager young men had their own plan.  They loaded me into a car and gave me a tour, the two men explaining every building we saw.  I just looked up at the buildings and thought, what the hell, I’m still in Frankfurt.  It’s the same buildings, the same streets.  How far down any of these side streets do you have to go to see a lion?  I kept my mouth shut.  So did the very tall lady.  No problem – the two young men filled every possible silence.
It got worse.  They pulled into an office complex, signed me through security, and took me up an elevator to their tenth floor offices.  Standard office furniture and arrangement, smiling receptionist, large glass windows looking out at more glass office buildings.  Really.  I was in Frankfurt.  Maybe Chicago.  Into an office we went, projector all set up, PowerPoint slides ready to go, two eager young men now armed with a laser pointer and a slide deck that went on to infinity.  I did get a cup of coffee.  The price of the coffee?  A forty or fifty hour lecture on the history of the World Bank (“rising from the ashes of the Second World War…”  Really.  They actually said that).  Lunch was brought in (God forbid I get out of that conference room without hearing more history), and then I got an afternoon summarizing current World Bank projects (They were everywhere, and everything they touched improved lives).  
I think I set the world’s record for the number of times I nodded my head and pretended to smile.  Did I have any questions?  They so wished I had.  Sorry.  But thank you.  Somehow we made it to four thirty and the eager young men went off to wherever eager young men go to celebrate another day of successfully educating the world.  
I was left with the tall lady.
“What do you say we go get some dinner?”  Since the question implied leaving the conference room, I stood and followed her.  I would have followed her anywhere.
Where did we get to?  We got to a parking structure, took about a ten minute drive to another parking structure, walked past security, then up an elevator to an apartment that looked across a grassy space enclosed by other apartment buildings.  I was certain somehow I had gotten on the wrong plane and landed in Chicago.  Chicago with eager young men who talked forever.
“Jessica, have a seat.”  She pointed to a small couch out on her balcony.  “I’ll be back in a minute with a glass of wine and an apology.”
I sat.  It wasn’t a couch, it was a glider.  I love gliders.  I had the thing swinging instantly.  A glider in Africa?  This really was Chicago.
“Jeb and Daniel were hired in June.  Both out of really good graduate programs.  Both in the midst of their training.  Their job for their first year is to do visitor orientations.  The hope is if they do the orientation often enough, they will absorb it.”
“I think their absorption is ahead of schedule.”
“They don’t get someone like you very often.  They were quoting your movie lines yesterday.”
“Thirty eight seconds.  I was just rehearsing the girls while the lighting and sound people got things in place.”
“The director knew what she was doing.  You had the look.  The words sounded perfect coming from you.  And the way that girl looks at you…”
“She was the real actor on that set.”
“Maybe.”  She handed me a glass of red wine.  I sipped.  Not bad.  “It’s called Pinotage.  South African.  From the area around Cape Town.”
“So I’m actually in Africa?”
“Afraid so.  Not a lot of grass huts left.  People pretty much all live in concrete boxes – bigger concrete boxes if you are well off, small concrete boxes if you aren’t.  When they get you out to the Kalahari you will see a few wild animals.  Until then, it is cityscapes all the way.”
“And when do I get to the Kalahari?”
“It will be about another week.  I need a couple days with you here, and then we will need a few days in Windhoek.”
  “And while I’m here?”
“I will try to be less boring than the boys, but I do have lots to tell you.  But.  While I make dinner, why not take a shower.  I have you in the second bedroom.  Relax, change.  I’m a fairly good cook.  Give me an hour.”
And that’s what I did.  Does a shower make up for missing a night’s sleep?  No, but it helped.  I even stretched out on the bed for a little while before putting on one of my office dresses.  Then back out on the balcony.  No castle dress.  No shoes.  I felt far more relaxed.
Elsa was working in what was essentially a galley kitchen – a long row of appliances and cabinets separated from the main room by a breakfast bar.  There was a very small table set for two.  I guessed most nights it was set for one.  The whole apartment had the feel of an efficiency.  Even with two bedrooms, it seemed the kind of place younger people might rent when they first moved into town.  And that might be her situation.  How long did the World Bank keep employees in one town or another?
As for Elsa, this would be a good time for a description.  I said she was tall.  She was actually very tall, and very blond.  If she wasn’t six feet, she wasn’t off it by much.  Her hair was almost white, and ran past her shoulders with nice waves.  She obviously took good care of it.  And she was beautiful – model beautiful.  Her dress size was probably a two, certainly no more than four.  She could walk any runway.  She had the carriage for it.  She might be pushing forty, with laugh lines around her eyes, but her posture said she was strong, confident, and had found her place in the world.  She hadn’t told me her job title, but it was clear she was running this show.  
She had to know I was standing behind her watching, but she stood and let me watch before slowly turning and looking at me.
“Feel better?”  Nice smile, beautiful turn of her hips.  She had changed into a white, sleeveless dress with a slightly flared skirt.  The skirt rotated around her as she turned.
“Yes, thank you.  And thank you for putting me up at your apartment.”
“It is actually the Bank’s apartment, mine to use until I rotate out.  I can take you to a hotel if you prefer, but I thought this would be more convenient.”
“My room is fine.”
“Good.  Take a seat, I am just about done here.”
I sat at the small table and watched her finish grilling some fish.  She added some final seasoning, then put them on top of a mixed salad.  I happened to notice she was wearing two inch heels.  She also had a string of pearls around her neck.  Maybe I should have left my shoes on.
Sitting opposite her was a chore.  Her back was straight, her shoulders and neck perfect, her head held high.  And, she always looked towards me with an easy smile.  If you looked in a dictionary for “poised,” it would have a picture of her sitting at that table conversing with me.  I think I have fairly good posture, but I have to pay attention to it.  She seemed a natural at it.  Effortless.  
Yet I found I liked her.  If we were both competing for a man, well, I would have lost, and I would not have been happy about it, but maybe because she was so beautiful, and so poised, I just accepted it.  And she seemed like a nice person.  She wasn’t trying to make me feel like a bumpkin.  Her smile seemed real.  But I was careful to sit straight and take small bites.
What did we talk about?  The World Bank.  Well, she talked, and I listened.  But there were no PowerPoint slides, and this was not the official history.  She talked about top management changes, fights for control between various countries (the U.S. always seemed to be in the fight), and changes in direction over the years - fewer huge projects, more smaller projects like mine.  And then there was China.  An alternative lender.  Fewer restrictions, less concern if some of the money went into Swiss bank accounts - a source that would say “yes,” when the Bank said “no.”
All this was very interesting (it really was), but my back was really talking to me.  When had I sat this straight this long?  I so wanted to lean back into my chair.  Finally we finished our meal, she put our plates in the sink, poured us each a glass of wine, and suggested we sit back out on the glider.  I didn’t quite run, but it only took seconds before I was out on the balcony, my back firmly against the cushions on the glider.
The sun had set.  It was beginning to cool, but still comfortable.  I could hear conversations from the balconies below us and to the side.  Across the grassed area there were people on those balconies too.  Apparently this is what you did in the evening.  I was fine with that.  I love gliders.  Elsa joined me, and we got the glider rocking at a comfortable pace.
I guess it was my turn to talk.
“Elsa, I appreciate the chance to come down here, even if I never see a lion.  But the truth is, I don’t know why I am here.  There have to be dozens of well drillers here.”
“There are, Jessica.  Hundreds.  Maybe thousands.  Africa has no shortage of talented people.”  At this point she took my hand, and turned to look at me.  I looked back, wondering what I had said.  “Lots of people come to Africa, Jessica.  For lots of reasons.  There are still clowns who want to take a head back to their den.  And some come to look, and some come to make money.  And there are white saviors -- generally nice people who think they can do things Africans can’t.  I didn’t think you would be one of those.  I am really pleased to hear I am right.”
“Elsa, you don’t know me, but I am no one’s savior.  I am just a bartender who fell in with the right kind of people.  I was given lots of opportunities.  About three months ago my husband died, and well, the company decided the best opportunity for me was here.”
“May I kiss you?”  Huh?  This conversation had certainly gone off in a strange direction.  But I nodded.  She put down her wine glass, raised her hand to my cheek, and kissed me on the lips.  It was a short kiss, not much more than a peck, but she followed it with a big smile.
“Jessica, you are here because you are exactly the person we need.”  
I had no idea what to say to that, so I said nothing.  Elsa leaned back in her seat, and we went back to rocking.  Eventually the air cooled, we finished our wine, and we went in to bed.  I was probably only in my bed five minutes before I dropped off to sleep, but I spent those five minutes wondering what I would be doing that would be exactly right.  Obviously a good question to ask after a good night’s sleep.


Chapter 3
The Gods Must be Crazy

It was after eight when I finally rolled out of bed.  Did I feel better?  Yes.  Did I feel like I could run a marathon?  No, but then I never did.  I did feel like I could handle another day in Joburg, even if that meant another day of PowerPoint torture.
I was still in my nightgown when I walked into the main room and sat at the breakfast bar.  Elsa put a mug of coffee in front of me.   She was also still in her nightgown.  Fairly short.  Wow, did she have skinny legs.  She walked around behind me to pull a couple tangles from my hair.
“You look rested.”
“I feel better.  Thanks.  What’s on tap for today?”
“I thought we would go shopping.”  She watched me react and couldn’t help laughing.  “We can do some more PowerPoint slides if you like …”
“Shopping will be just fine.”
“Yes, I noticed you didn’t bring much.”
“I read that somewhere.  Going someplace new?  Wait until you get there and buy what everyone else is wearing.”
“Definitely true here.”
It took us over an hour to finish breakfast and get dressed.  She wore some makeup, I didn’t.  She wore heels, I hadn’t brought any.  We both wore fairly simple dresses.  You can guess who looked better.  Oh well.  
We spent the day in the shops.  More driving through areas that looked like any in the U.S. or Europe (at least the modern parts of Europe), stops at a large mall and several specialty shops.  Lunch at TGIFridays.  You couldn’t get a decent cheeseburger in Switzerland for love or money.  I had a great burger in Africa.
What did I end up buying?  Work clothes.  Fairly heavy cotton twill, long pants, long sleeved shirts, ten each, plus a hat with a wide brim.  I would be wearing protection from the sun, and protection from all the grasses and thorns we would be walking through.  I would be hot.  How hot?  September south of the equator is the start of spring.  If we could get the project done in two months, it would be done in mid-November.  Summer, but not summer at its worst.  (I could hope.)  Oh, and I got hiking boots.
Last stop, a nicer women’s store.  There would be at least one reception in Windhoek (the capital of Namibia, the country where the Kalahari Desert is located).  I should have something nicer.  Not showy.  Women showed less skin in Africa.  Elsa helped me pick out two gowns that she thought would work.  She also bought one for herself.  I guess she would be at the reception too.  Good.
Back at the apartment, Elsa worked on a pasta dish for dinner.  I had bought two sturdy suitcases and tried to pack my new wardrobe.  We had dinner at the little table again.  Candles this time.  Elsa still in heels.  I at least kept my shoes on.  I think I was better at keeping my back straight.
I thought we would sit on the glider after dinner.  In fact I hoped we would.  There was a nice breeze coming through the open windows.  I could see rocking with a glass of wine.  Talk about the perfect ending to a day…
But, she not only wanted to stay in, she wanted to sit in front of her TV.  Yuck.  She did make some popcorn, but still, TV?  She had a love seat facing the tube.  I sat, she put in a DVD, then she sat, pulling a blanket over our legs, a bowl of popcorn riding our thighs.
And that’s when I saw The Gods Must be Crazy.  
How can I explain this movie?  South African production and stars.  A bushman is walking across the Kalahari when he sees a coke bottle.  He has never seen one before.  He thinks it might be useful to pound things, but people in his tribe start hurting each other with it, so he decides the Gods made a mistake sending him the bottle.  He will walk to the end of the earth and throw it back to them.  Meanwhile, there are a bunch of white people in the film, all doing odd stuff.  It’s meant to be a comedy, and once you get past their South African accent, it is pretty funny.
Elsa has one hand under the blanket, holding my hand.  The other hand is working the remote like crazy.  She is either waving it as she emphasizes a point, or she stops the movie entirely to freeze something she wants me to see.
“Okay, this part if actually true.”  We are maybe forty five seconds into the film.  “It does rain there, and there is some vegetation.  This is not a sand desert.  There is grass, shrubs, lots of thorns, and even some trees.  You may or may not see lions, but you will see plenty of other wild animals.  If you like giraffes, this is your place.  For the spring – the time you will be there – the place looks like a grassy plain.  Briefly.  Then the water dries up and doesn’t come again for a year.”
“So, we are putting in wells to see if the water is evaporating or settling into an aquifer that might be tapped.”
“Sort of.  Let me come back to that.”  She hits the remote and we see more of the movie.  Enter the bushman.  “This guy is a real bushman.  You will see many in the desert.  You may even meet him.  If you like, you can visit his house.  It is a concrete block ranch house, two bedrooms, one bath, just two blocks from the town general store – a store that sells Coke by the case.”
“So the story is fiction.”
“The story is an endless series of lies.  In the middle of the desert is a town with a school, and a gas station, a general store, and a row of houses like any you might see in rural America.  The Bushmen – they prefer “san” – are hardly ignorant.”
“Okay.”  I guess I had to say that to get her to show more of the film.  Eventually she did.  Or at least she showed segments of it.  Turns out, Elsa can get really angry.  She had lots to say about a white woman who was an office clerk one day and a teacher the next (“See?  Any white woman can teach any Black kids, no training necessary.  After all, she is white.”).  Not sure why she is yelling at her TV.  She is the one who put the movie in.
I’m not sure how long the movie really is, but it took us well over two hours to watch it in fits and starts.  Finally it ended.
“I wanted to show you that film.  I thought it might help you prepare for your project.”
“I think I learned two things.  I now know what the Kalahari looks like.  That will be helpful.  And I learned that watching a movie with you can be an adventure.”  
I wasn’t sure how she was going to take that.  There was silence for a moment.  She turned, she looked at me, and then she kissed me.  This time she held the kiss, her hand first on my cheek and then sliding to the back of my head to hold me.  I, well, I can’t say I pushed her away.  I still had one hand under the covers, holding her hand.  The other hand had been in the popcorn bowl.  I was pretty sure it had salt and some butter on it.  Probably not a good idea to reach up and touch her.
So we kissed.  We talked more about the movie.  She had lots more to say.  I listened.  I looked at her.  I liked what I saw.  She was beautiful, but she had a heart.  There was depth to her.  We sat together for another hour.  Then there was this uncomfortable moment.  What would come next?  Initially, not much.  We said “Good night” and each went to our rooms.  
I got ready for bed, mostly working on getting the salt and butter off my hands.  I put on my nightgown, and then sat on the edge of my bed.  I listened as she moved around her room.  Next steps?  I waited.  I thought I might go into her room.  As it turned out, she came into mine.
“Is this okay?”  She asked.  She was wearing a white satin nightgown that flowed over her hips and down to her ankles.  She looked so much better in hers than I did in mine.  And she had combed her white blond hair back over her shoulders so it framed her face.  She was stunning.  I think I was supposed to say something, but I had no words.  
I pulled down the covers and slid into bed.  She climbed in after me.  We lay facing each other for a few moments, then she slid over me, her hands on each side of my face, her hips on mine.  My hands slid down to her ass and held her on me.
“My boyfriend liked me to be on top.”
“Your boyfriend was probably grateful to be in the same room with you.”  
That earned me a kiss.   I settled back, wrapped my arms around her, and looked up into that perfect face.  And then, I lost it.  I had been with women before.  There was a woman in Dubai who always drove me crazy.  And if anything, Elsa was, well, more.  But as I looked up at her, as perfect as her face was, something else was going on.  I was feeling a person.  A skinny person, but a person.  A person I could hold.  A person who would hold me.  And I realized I was desperate to hold and be held.  
She must have thought she was in bed with an octopus, because my arms and legs stretched and wrapped and held her.  I tightened myself to her, my arms pulling so hard they began shaking with the strain.  And then all of me was shaking.  And a minute later it was like all of me was crying.  I pressed my face into her neck and sobbed.  The poor thing, I had tears all over her neck and down her shoulder.  And I couldn’t stop.  I was crying so hard I was gasping for breath, while pulling her so tightly against my chest I couldn’t inhale.
And she let me.  She lay her head next to mine, kissing the top of my forehead and slowly stroking my hair.  I heard an occasional “sh…” as she kissed my head, but she didn’t try to talk to me.  She slowly ran her fingers through my hair, and let me cry into her neck.
And that is how we spent the night.
As the sun rose, she was still with me, holding me, and letting me hold her.  I had stopped crying, and I had even slept some, but my arms still held her.  And, yes, I was embarrassed, but I still didn’t let go of her.  I looked up at her, trying to think of something to say.  Hi, I barely know you, but I needed to hold you.  My husband died and I am a mess.  I wasn’t sure if anything I said was adequate.
While I wondered how to explain myself, Elsa started moving her hair around.  She combed it out with her fingers so it hung on each side of her head, and down alongside mine.  Her face was just above mine.  We kissed, she held my head, she stroked my hair.  It was still dark in the room, and dark within the layers of her hair, but somehow I could still see the blue of her eyes.
“When I put my hair like this, when I was with my boyfriend, we called it our truth tunnel.  It was just him and me.  And we told each other the truth.”
“I’m surprised he could talk.  I would think just looking at you would overwhelm him.”
“Thank you.”  She held her face over mine.  Her lips hovered over mine.  “You and Emil.  Can I ask?”
“We were married two years.  I flew to Bern to buy a bottling plant from him.  We shouted at each other.  I thought of him as a gray statue.  He stood in his castle like a block of granite, and told me ‘no.’”
“And,”
“We went for walks.  Up in the hills behind his castle, out where we could see the Alps.  We talked.  I, well, I loved him.  I used to wear a Swiss dress – a dirndl – not to be Swiss, but to walk in front of him knowing he would be watching my backside nicely framed by the Alps.  Within two weeks I went from hating him to climbing all over him.”
“And you lost him.”
“He was fifty nine.  I thought we had decades left.  I didn’t see it coming.  I am the world’s worst wife.”
“And now you must continue.”
“I’m not doing it very well.  I took leave from the company.  I should be putting new wells into an area south of Lake Superior.  Instead, I was sitting in front of a fire, black dress, black veil, black gloves, when his aunt came for me.  She sent me here.  I’m not sure why I came.”
“When my hair is like this, the two of us alone in the world, you must tell the truth.”
“I don’t think I know the truth.  Or maybe the truth changes.  Yesterday, there were times when I looked at you, and I wanted you.  But last night, I just wanted someone to hold.  I’m sorry.  I think I used you.  There are times when I just have to cry.” 
She held her face just above mine.  It felt a bit like she was examining me.  Her fingers were deep into my hair, holding my head.
“Tell me more about you and Emil.”
I stared up into those blue eyes and just started talking.  
“I loved Emil with all my heart, but he was a challenge.  First, he was a grouch.  The man had zero patience.  He was that way all his life.  His first wife was his lab partner in college.  Some science course he hated.  He was writing up a lab report and breaking pencils over it.  She took his hand, and he calmed down.  He proposed right then and there.  Four years later, they were married.  I had a trick I used on him.  He inherited a castle.  I’ll tell you about it some time.  We had people at the castle constantly, a few of whom he liked, but most of whom he barely tolerated.  As we would walk into a room full of these people, I would watch his neck.  He had a vein that began to rise if he was getting irritated.  I would take his hand, and run my fingers down his palm.  No more vein, no more problems.”
“And he was good with you?”
“Always.  Second thing you should know about him.  He really cared about the world.  He was scared to death we are poisoning and wasting water we will be desperate for very soon.  He sent me to a region in the U.S. that will have good water for the remainder of the century.  He let me set up a whole new division there.  It will make just enough money to stay viable.  But that’s not the point.  He wanted to be ready fifty years from now.”
“So, a good man.”
“A marvel.”  I slid my hand to the back of her head and kissed her.  “Thank you for letting me talk about him.  Thank you for listening.  Thank you for letting me hold you.  I was desperate to hold you last night.”  I looked up at her and knew there were things she wanted to say.  “A man?”
“My father was an ambassador for Sweden.  When I was young, we lived all over the world.  Three years here, three years there.  International schools.  New languages with every move.  Then my mother died.  Indonesia.  She got sick and died quickly.  My father took me back to Sweden to live with an aunt.  I have two brothers, but they are much older than me.  I see them once every year or two, them and my father, at a family gathering – usually a funeral.
“But then I met a boy.  A party.  Too much drinking, too much loud music, too much rude behavior.  He seemed like the only serious person at the party.  We talked, we left the party, we mated.  Really.  That is the best word – ‘mated.’  I was alone in the world, and suddenly there was this boy who was everything for me.
“He went to college.  I chose the same school.  He picked a major.  I picked the same one.  He went to graduate school in Paris.  So did I.  We lived together.  We were together always.  He was the one who wanted the World Bank.  We both applied.  The application process takes forever.  He was accepted first.  First assignment – micro-lending in Guatemala.  He was there less than a year when the hoods came for him.  The police didn’t protect him.  In fact, they fired most of the bullets.” 
I hugged her.  She cried on my shoulder.  I stroked her hair.  Eventually we both fell asleep again.


Chapter 4
Why am I Here?

Later in the morning she was still lying on me.  When she woke, she raised her head above mine again, and put her hair as she had before.  There was more light coming through the windows now, but still we were shadowed by her hair.  She moved her hands around my head again.  She wanted to hold me while she talked.  There was more?  I looked up at her and waited.  
“You should know about this project.  And why we want your company involved.  We were excited when your new CEO approved the contract.”
“I think the family just wanted to get me out of the way.  I was a black ghost haunting the family castle.  If they could have sent me to Mars, they would have.”
“Whatever the motivation, we need your company.  And we need you.  First, you know, and I know that water is going to be more valuable than oil.  There will be water projects all over the world, and the bank will be involved in many of them. We could use you.  If this project goes well, the first thing I will do is offer you a job at the bank.”
I started to give the obvious answer, but she put two fingers over my lips.
“You can give me two or three reasons to say ‘no,’ and I can give you a dozen to say ‘yes.’  But let’s save that fight for another day.  Let me move on to the other reason you are here.”  She paused and slid herself farther up me.  Her hands were in my hair, stroking my hair but also holding my head where she wanted it.  Whatever she was going to tell me, she wanted to be all over me when she said it. 
“You have told me about Emil.  Now let me tell you about you.”  A pause for me to process that.  “I have been watching for a water expert.  It turns out there are quite a few.  I read their research papers.  I even went to one of their conferences.  I had lunch with a few and almost hired one.  Then I tried YouTube.  I thought this would be a great place to see demos of drilling.  You were one of the videos.  Naturale did it and posted it.  I don’t know if you have seen it.  You are standing near the shell of a new water plant, talking to a contractor, obviously giving orders for how you want some piping brought into the building.  And then there are shots of you in existing plants, talking to workers, and even repairing one of those bottle making machines.  The whole point is to establish you as an expert in the industry, and it does that well.”
“Emil’s idea.  He…”  Okay, fingers on my lips again.  I guess she would sing her song uninterrupted.
“Nice video.  But mostly a company promo.  I wanted to know more about you.  So I found other videos.  The movie studio has your final scene – you telling the girl about Narcissa Whitman.  And they have you doing some catering for another film.  Interesting combination of talents – the lady can fix a machine but also act.”  I had a lot to say about that, but I kept my mouth shut.
“Then I find videos done by your hotel chain.  You owned a hotel chain.  They have you reviewing renovations, greeting customers, dancing in one of your resorts.  You really dance well, by the way.  Lots of energy and not a bad sense of rhythm.”
“All of this is interesting, and obviously impressive, but there is one more video.  It is under two minutes and is obviously done by an amateur.  The camera shakes, and the lighting is poor.  I’m guess it was just done on someone’s phone.  But it’s you.  Maybe five or six years ago – before you were rich or famous.  You are wearing a pink dress, even a pink hair ribbon, heels and a winter coat.  Strange outfit, and obviously not enough to keep you warm.  You are standing out near a street, and there is a pile of snow you can just see behind you.  I bet you froze your ass off.  You are holding a sign.  You want people to be nice to each other.  Seems simple, but it is clear from the expression on your face, you are not sure they will be.  But you hold up your sign, point it out toward the street, and, well, you look out at that street, and what I see on your face is hope.  You are cold, uncertain, very uncomfortable, but there you are – hoping.”
“And that’s why I jumped when we heard from your company.  They said they would give us you.  And you give us hope.  I think I still have some, but not nearly as much as I need.  I hope we can make the Kalahari project work, but whenever this thing is over, what I want to do is look at you and see hope.  Do that for me, and I don’t care if all ninety wells come up dry.  Leave me feeling hope – and maybe feeling some love.”
She took her fingers off my lips, but I didn’t have anything to say.  I reached up, took the back of her head, and pulled it to me.  We kissed, and then I wrapped both my arms around her and held her as tightly as I could.  She put her head on my shoulder.   She felt like a child in my arms.


Chapter 5
Crossing South Africa

We did eventually get out of bed.  But we never dressed.  And we didn’t have much left to say.  We wandered barefoot in our nightgowns, making meals in the kitchen, doing some packing for the trip, sometimes just walking up to each other and hugging.  I don’t know how many times we just stood together with our arms around each other.  Lots, I guess.  We went back to bed a couple times, and snuggled a bit.  Eventually I figured a way to hold her and still avoid her boney knees, and that’s how we napped, me on my back, holding her to me, her with her head on my shoulder.
Towards evening we watched that silly movie again.  Elsa didn’t interrupt (I was holding the remote), and we even laughed in a few places.  No popcorn this time, but a blanket over us, our hands together under the blanket.  We spent the night in my bed again.  She laid on top of me again.  I wondered if it was her way of making sure she had me.  I worried about her.  She was one of the most beautiful women in the world, and talented and educated.  She could do so much better than me.
The next morning we loaded her car and headed west.  Elsa did the driving.  All of it.  South Africans drive on the wrong side of the road.  Cars have their steering wheels on the wrong side.  Even the gear shift is wrong, so you have to shift with your left hand.  I wanted no part of that.  Elsa seemed fine with it.  I guess if you travel the world as much as she has, you get to lots of former British colonies.
I stared out the windows looking for Africa.  Now that we were out of town, there had to be herds of elephants someplace.  But what I saw for hour after hour was farm fields. We were on a two lane highway driving through farms.  It felt like northern Illinois – pretty flat, very open, some trees around farm houses, but otherwise, just one field after another.  No lions, tigers, or elephants.
“How long before we get to Africa?”  I guess I was complaining.  
“You’ll have your fill in the Kalahari.  Here it is all farms.  They grow the same crops here you would find in your Wisconsin.  But I think the farms here are bigger.  And they are all white owned.”
“It feels like Illinois.”
“They think it feels like Texas.”
“What?”
“A bit of cultural history.”  She looked over at me to see if I was interested.  I nodded, although I didn’t think she needed much encouragement.  “TV came to South Africa in the late 60s.  Government owned and controlled.  They did some local shows, but mostly they imported shows from the US – shows that were carefully selected.  The biggest import?  ‘Dallas.’”
“I think I saw some reruns.  Cattle ranch, some oil, some guy with a big hat?”
“That’s the one.  JR always working on some deal.  Family squabbles, big business deals, women looking really good on horses or at the club.  Folks here ate it up.  For three years nobody scheduled any evening events on Tuesday.  No one would come.  They were all home watching Dallas.”
“Why?”
“They thought it was a show about them.  They had big farms and ranches, big families, horses and clubs.  Country music is incredibly popular here.  They were all Texans.  Big, proud, successful.  Life was good.”
“And if you weren’t white?”
“They call this part of South Africa ‘the Deep North’, like your American Deep South.  Pretty tough place to be Black.  Couldn’t vote, limited in where they could live, what jobs they could have, white schools, black schools, restricted education – no math allowed past addition and subtraction.  Your servants needed to be able to check for correct change if you sent them to the store.  No need for more than that.  Restrict a person’s math skills, and you restrict their options.”
“Apartheid rules.”
“Apartheid rules that these folks invented and supported until the very end.  But.  Here’s where my story matters.  They didn’t see themselves as racists.  They were Texans, out working hard and growing crops, feeding their families, and employing the rest.  Were they nasty racists?  Yes.  Were they also successful farmers doing the best they could?  Yes.  Both definitions are true.  But one was held by outsiders, and one was held by them.  There were ten thousand men here who walked their fields certain they were JR.”
“Is that what I’ll find in Namibia too?”
“Namibia gets more complicated.”  
And that’s where we left it.  Our windows were open and the wind blowing through didn’t make conversation all that easy.  And I wanted to look.  Farms, ranches, huge fields being plowed.   September.  Their spring time.
We stopped for lunch in a small farm town.  The café might have been in rural Wisconsin.  There were Black people on the street, but only white people in the café.  Farmers dressed in the same bib overalls worn in the US.  Huge men.  Fairly hefty women.  They stared at us when we walked in, but paid us no attention after that.  We ordered sandwiches, drank lemonade, and were back on the road.
Farther west the land seemed to be higher and drier.  There was a major irrigation canal we could see along the north side of the road.  More farms.  More fields.  Fewer trees.
How many hours can you sit in a car before you tire of it?  Even in a new country, driving down a road for the first time, I was plenty ready to stop by five.  Five thirty we got to Upington, a town of maybe a thousand, a town with two hotels and several restaurants.  Our home for the night.
I decided I liked Upington the minute we got out of the car.  Why?  Initially because we were out of the car.  It felt so good to stand and stretch.  But also, the place had an interesting feel to it.  The two hotels were hotels – not highway hugging motels.  They were nothing fancy, but they had some character.  Yes, they reminded me of several I had owned.  We took the one with more wood – more wood on the front entrance, more wood paneling in the lobby, more wood on the stairways going up to the second and third floors.
Our room was on the third floor, two beds that nearly filled the room, a bathroom that looked clean enough.  We dropped our bags and went straight to the restaurant across the street.
Small town restaurants.  I had seen this where I waitressed, and I saw it in every other little restaurant in rural Wisconsin.  We walked in, and every person in the place turned to look.  Forty heads suddenly staring.  Why?  It’s a small town.  This is the local restaurant.  Everyone eats here.  So, anyone walking in might be a friend or neighbor.  So, you look up and greet them if you know them.  And if you don’t know them, you go back to your food.  If you are the stranger in town, it can be scary or annoying, but you just smile, find your table, and sit.  We sat.
Anything special about the restaurant?  Well, two things.  It was old (the floor was scarred from thousands of feet), and we were pretty much the only people speaking English.  All the other customers were speaking Afrikaans.  Interesting language.  I thought I heard some German in it here and there.  Elsa said she didn’t understand it either (here’s a first – a language Elsa doesn’t know!).  But the menu was in both English and Afrikaans, and the waitress understood us, so we were able to get a couple glasses of very good wine and a steak that was three times the size either of us could eat.  Small town restaurants.
But let me move on.  Our last night together.  We were barely back up in our room when Elsa explained we would have separate rooms in our Windhoek hotel.  I was holding her to me as she explained African mores.  Same sex relations could get you jailed or beaten, and they certainly would get you ostracized.  
So, maybe you are thinking, last night, I bet you two went crazy ‘til dawn.  No.  It seemed like we suddenly moved into slow motion.  We undressed each other, but you have never seen zippers come down more slowly.  We stayed in each other’s arms, and kissed, I have no idea how many times, but those kisses were also long and slow.  She let me brush her hair.  I just laughed when she asked to brush my mop, but she did it anyway.  I loved the feel of her hand on the top of my head.
Eventually we got into nightgowns and cuddled in my bed.  We were lying face to face, my arm under her neck, and up against her back, my other hand slowly stroking her hair before taking the back of her head and holding it for my kisses.  She had one hand on my breast, the other on my ass.  
“Jessica, I have never been with a woman before.”
“We are much softer than men.”  She laughed, then pulled me tight against her.
“What I mean is, if there is something I should be doing, please tell me.”
“There are lots of things we could be doing.  But mostly it just feels good to have someone to hold, someone to kiss, someone soft to run your fingers over.”
And that’s where we left it.  Eventually she rolled over, and we went into the spoons position, her ass tight against my hips.  The arm that was under her neck, I now brought up across her beasts.  Maybe what I remember most from that night is the feel of her hair on my face as I leaned in to kiss her neck.  I pulled her tight against me.  I am sure I held her tighter than was comfortable for her, but she let me.  I whispered “Thank you” and drifted off to sleep.  



Chapter 6
The Road to Windhoek

No, I won’t describe our shower the next morning, but it left us both smiling.  We dressed and then ran across the street to the restaurant like a couple girls.  Eggs, toast, coffee, a quick check out at the hotel, and we were back on the road.
We got to Namibia about an hour later.  Interesting border post.  We both had to get out of the car and have our passports stamped, but there was hardly anyone there, so we were back on the road in minutes.  There was a sign telling us we were now in Namibia, but we didn’t need a sign to tell us we were in a different country.  Fields and farms were gone.  What I saw now was rocks, scrub brush, patches of grass.  We had left Illinois (or Texas) and were now driving through Arizona or Nevada.
Wikipedia had warned me.  Along the coast (invitingly named the “Skeleton Coast”) were miles of huge sand dunes – the Namib Desert.  The few tourists who ventured there were invited to take toboggan rides down the dunes.  The site didn’t explain why.  The eastern half of the country was the Kalahari, a desert without dunes and toboggan rides.  People lived along the mountain plateau in the middle.  Two million folks in a country larger than California and Nevada.  Driving up and down hills and staring at rocks, I wondered where all the people were hiding.  
About midmorning I pretty much had seen all the rocks I cared to see.  What else was there to do?  Talk.
“Now might be a good time to tell me why I am here.”
Elsa made me wait (there was no traffic, she was just building suspense.  I can’t blame her.  It’s not like we were rushed for time.)
“Mind some history?  It does matter.”
“I know some.”  Don’t mess with me.  I can access Wikipedia.  “Germans arrived in the 1880s, declared the country theirs, took the best land for themselves and killed off one of the tribes that objected.  Thousands dead.  The first German genocide.  The Brits kicked their ass in World War One, took the country and made it a colony of South Africa.  I guess that’s why we are driving on the wrong side of the road.  The country gets its independence – I forget – 1990?  No more apartheid.  Everyone votes, which means it is now Black ruled.  So.  Tell me how that history impacts water wells.”
“You’re focusing on the wrong people.  You left out the Ovambos.  They lived in the northern part of the country and outlasted the Germans.  They are the ones who fought the South African whites during apartheid, and they are the ones who dominate politics today.  They make up half of Namibia’s population.  No other ethnic group is as big – not even close.  But there are lots of other groups.  There are lots of Germans and plenty of white South Africans who stayed on.  Add in descendants of the Hereros the German didn’t massacre, the San, and others.  The Ovambos run the country, but they don’t dominate it.”
“So I’ll be working for the Ovambos.”
“You’ll be working for the government, a government that carefully includes people from almost every ethnic group.”
“Sounds good.”
“It’s not bad.  But let me tell you a story.”  She pauses.  Does she really need my approval to continue?  What am I going to do, sit and count rocks? So, okay.
“Sure.  Tell me a story.”
“I love the enthusiasm.”  Another pause.  I need to talk to her about her storytelling techniques.  “Here goes.  A year or so ago, I fly up to Windhoek to check on a couple projects.  Lunch time comes and one of the guys I am meeting with says, ‘Want to join me at a Rotary meeting?’  Why not?  Good chance to meet some business owners.  So we drive over to this restaurant where they meet.  And they won’t let me in.  I’m a girl.  No girls allowed.  My friend says two magic words – World Bank – and now I can come in.  There are maybe forty of these guys, mostly middle aged, and they are all drinking.  Mostly beer, but there is some liquor too.  I work the room, shaking hands and asking about business.  Conversations are pleasant enough.  And it is an interesting group – some Germans (like sixth or seventh generation?), some whites up from South Africa when it was whites who owned all the banks, and some Blacks, most of whom seemed to work for the government.
“Fine.  We talk, I nurse a beer (Namibian beer, by the way, is the best beer you will find south of Munich), and eventually lunch is served.  And here is where it gets interesting.  I see all the Germans go to two tables, the South Africans to their own tables, and the Black government guys to a large table to one side.”
“Where did you sit?”
“I sat with the guy who brought me - a government guy, so we sat at the large table for Blacks.”
“Interesting.  But help me make the connection to water wells.”
“If you are a pessimist, you look at that lunch and say – these guys are just pretending to be part of the same group – the same country.  In truth, they won’t eat at the same tables.  They hate each other.  If you are an optimist, you say, it wasn’t very long ago that these men were shooting at each other.  At least now they are in the same room.”
“And if you are a well driller?”
“You say, things seem fine on the surface, but conflict is just out of sight.  You say, maybe, when an Ovambo government gives a major contract to an Ovambo driller, some might wonder about the contract.  And, since the Ovambos have found lots of water in the northern part of the country, where most of them live, they might not even be all that interested in finding water where other groups live.
“So…”  I think I can finish this.  “You spend a few hundred thousand dollars on an outsider to ‘participate’ in the project, when what she is really doing is giving credence to the results.”
“Especially since you will be drilling in a desert.  It is very unlikely you will find water.  But when and if you come back empty, it would not be good for people to wonder if a real attempt was made.”
“So I am quality control.”
“You are a fabulous investment.  For $314,000 this country avoids an ugly political situation.  Don’t you wish you could solve some of the problems in the U.S. for that kind of money?”
“And the genius who came up with this plan – you?”
“Me and a couple people you will meet tonight.”
End of conversation.  We came up behind a row of semis climbing one hill after another.  Elsa needed to drive.  I needed to think about the project.  I hadn’t given the politics of this project any thought at all.  I’m not sure I wanted to.  Keep it simple.  Go out, drill 90 holes, come back.  That’s what I thought I was getting into.  Fingers crossed.  Maybe it would still go that way.
By the way, the drive north never got any better.  I did see a warthog alongside the road digging through a rest area waste basket.  So I got one view of wild life.  But no elephants yet.  Just rocks and hills as we drove higher into the Namibian plateau.  Windhoek was at 5000 feet elevation, so we had climbing to do.  It took all day.  We stopped for gas at a tiny station, bought several bottles of water, and just kept driving.  Why not?  It wasn’t like there were interesting places to stop along the way.  So we drove.  It was late afternoon by the time we made Windhoek.


Chapter 7
We are received

I liked Windhoek.  It is situated amongst some rolling hills.  I would guess at a population of a couple hundred thousand.  The streets were wide and generally clean.  Houses were one and two story, generally white painted cement.  Maybe the best thing for a person like me who often (almost always) gets lost in large cities, there was a wide avenue that ran north to south through the entire town – formerly Kaiser Strasse, now Independence Avenue.  It had shops, restaurants, hotels, and government buildings for block after block.  As Elsa drove, I relaxed.  If I ever got confused about where I was, I just needed to find Independence Avenue. 
It got better.  Our hotel – the Kalahari Sands – was on the avenue.  How could I get lost?  I would never leave the avenue!  Elsa parked out front.  While a man came to take our bags, I stood by the car, grateful to stand and stretch, but also grateful to look at the city.  No, elephants did not walk up Independence Avenue, and the shops, hotels, and restaurants looked pretty much like those in any other city, but I was now in my second African city.  Not bad for a girl from Amberg.  
Inside the hotel we were met by Theo Van der Walt – the salesman for our company who had arranged the contract for this adventure (and would collect twenty percent of our fee).  I had never met him, but Elsa had.  He was a white, South African.  Tall, older, big smile, lots of energy.  It was like he was balancing on the balls of his feet, ready to move in any direction.  We both got hugs and lots of words.  He was glad to see us, he hoped the drive had been pleasant, the reception had been moved to a larger room because of all the interest.
Reception?   Elsa turned to me.  “I thought it would be good for you to meet a few of the people from the Agriculture Ministry this evening.”  Hmm.  And you were going to tell me this when?  But before I could begin my complaint, Theo had more to add.
“One of the senior ministers told someone he planned to bring his daughter to meet you.  She had seen your movie.”
“It’s not my movie.  I do the final scene.  Thirty eight seconds.”
“Yes.”  Theo just kept talking.  “Girls talk.  I am not sure you will get every eighth grade girl in Namibia, but I think there will be quite a few.  So we moved to a larger room.  Also, they would like to start at seven thirty rather than eight.  Do you mind?”
There are some questions only men ask, because only men are that stupid.  It was now after five.  I had been in a car with open windows for nearly ten hours.  My hair?  Probably unsalvageable.  My face?  So dry it might crack and fall off in pieces.  In two hours I had to come back down and not completely disappoint dozens of girls who had seen me sitting serenely in a gazebo atop a mountain, cameramen insuring that the lighting on my face was perfect.
What did I say?  Not a damn thing.  Elsa took over.
“We’ll be ready.”  She grabbed my elbow and led me to the registration desk.  Fortunately we were greeted by big smiles and forms all ready for our signatures.  We would each have a suite on the tenth (top) floor.  I signed the papers and made an effort to smile.
Electronic keys in hand, we followed the men with our luggage to the elevators and to our suites.  Mine, by the way, was lovely.  It had a view across Independence Avenue and to an old German fort sitting atop a hill.  It would be another day before I would actually have any time to look out my windows, but, if I ever had the time, I was assured a good view.
Now was not the time.  Now I just opened my bag and stared.  How much makeup had I brought with me?
Two minutes after the porter had left, Elsa was at my door.  “Let me see if I can help.”
And she worked on me for the next two hours.  Shower first.  I probably should have shampooed my hair twice to get all the dust out of it, but that would have dried it worse.  Instead, she used conditioner on me three times.  By the third time I could feel some improvement.  I kissed her.  “Later, my love.”  She was all business.
Back to my hair.  I sat with a towel around me while she carefully dried my head with a towel, then combed slowly while using a bit of spray.  It appeared maybe I wouldn’t look too terrible.  But my face?  She started with moisturizer.  Her fingers felt great, and I grabbed her ass.  She left my hands there, but kept working on me.  She seemed to spend forever on my eyebrows.  Cheek bones also got a lot of attention.  My eyes and lips she did quickly.  I hoped not too quickly.
Finally ready for some clothes, I did have a nicer bra in my luggage, and there were the two cocktail dresses I had bought in Joburg.  We held them both up.  
“Which one looks more like what you wore in the movie?”
I picked the silk print.  It was mostly green leaves over a yellow background.  I had picked it because those are Packer colors.  But it worked for this.  The neckline was high, just a slight scoop, the sleeves were puffed, the bodice was close, but the skirt flared nicely and extended just past my knees.  It wasn’t exactly what I had worn on that gazebo, but it had the same general feel.  Elsa put a string of pearls around my neck, and then matching earrings.  I strapped on sandals with three inch heels, and finally dared to look in a mirror.  If you didn’t get too close, I didn’t look too bad.
It was already nearly eight.  Elsa pushed me to the elevator, then ran back to her room to change.  
What did I find in the lobby?  There had to be a dozen people waiting for me, all of whom wanted to shake my hand or hug me.  Among them was a girl of ten or twelve.  She and her mother were standing slightly back from the men.  I smiled and nodded to the people around me, then walked up to the girl.
“Hi.  I’m Jessica.  What’s your name?”
“Angelika.”  She held out her hand.  “I am pleased to meet you.”  
What I love about kids is they are completely transparent.  This girl was nervous, but proud, working her way through the proper greeting protocols she had been taught.  And she smiled.  She had a good smile.  Her skin was fairly dark, so her teeth seemed especially bright.  I think she even had a bit of makeup on her cheeks.  She had worked on her hair.  It went back in rows.  She was wearing a dress that was fairly frilly.  I thought maybe a bit too frilly for a girl of her age, but she seemed comfortable in it.
“Angelika, if your mother doesn’t mind, would you show me where the reception is?”
She looked at her mother.  Her mother smiled and nodded.  I took Angelika’s hand, and we walked down the hall to where another hundred people were waiting.  At least half of them were girls – mostly junior high age.  Some stood with fathers, some stood with mothers, but all stood waiting for me.  I smiled, and waved, and kept Angelika’s hand.
It was a reception, which meant there would be a reception line.  A large man in a dark suit came up to me and introduced himself.  Turned out he was the Minister of Agriculture, Water, and Forestry, Zedeki Murang.  Seemed nice enough.  Good smile, lighter skin, short gray hair, fairly tall.
“We had planned a short evening so you could meet some of the people of our ministry.  As you can see, many of us have daughters, and daughters have their own agendas.  I hope you can visit the ministry tomorrow.  For tonight, I think we will let our girls have their fun, if you don’t mind.”
“I am happy to meet them.”
Mister Murang moved us to a place along a wall, and a line quickly formed.  I waited while Angelika’s mother got several pictures of us, then I thanked her for her help and let her wander off with her mother, the two of them already looking at the pictures mom had taken.  You have to love digital cameras.
How many mothers, fathers, and daughters did I meet?  More seemed to keep arriving.  I am sure it was well over a hundred.  Mostly Black, a few white, all anxious to hold my hand while dad or mom took their picture.  I did lots of hugs.
About halfway through the line, one of the girls had practiced the dialog.  I said “Hello,” and she said, “Did all that really happen?”  So, we were going to do the lines, huh.  I smiled and fell into character.
“Yes.  They lived just up the Columbia River.”
“Was she really beautiful?”
“Yes.  Very beautiful.  Maybe the most beautiful woman in America.”
“Did they have children?”
“They had a daughter.  Her name was Clarissa Alice.  But some people say they had millions of daughters.  All over the world.  Here in Namibia too.”  That got a cheer.  “And each of those girls?  Each of you?  They are strong, they are brave, they are beautiful.  And when they love, they love with all their hearts.  Just like Mrs. Whitman.”
Okay.  That was a hit.  But if you do it for one, you pretty much have to do it for the next forty or fifty.  There was some quick movement, and two chairs were set up.  I was fine with that.  If we were going to do it, why not go all the way.  I apologized to Mister Murang and promised we would talk in his office tomorrow.  Then I sat, and away we went.
It took over two hours to do every girl, but time seemed to go fast.  The girls were orderly and friendly.  I shook hands with some, hugged others.  Most seemed to know their lines, but if they didn’t, they got to hear the same three lines over and over as the other girls were videoed by their parents.  They sat, arranged their dresses, smiled, looked up at me, and said their lines while I held their hand.
When I finished the last girl, I stood, and everyone cheered.  I talked to some of the mothers, telling them how well their daughter had done.  I did have one mother who wanted to know if her daughter might have the talent to be an actress.  She didn’t ask me for the phone number of a Hollywood agent, but I thought it was close.  Men I spoke with gave me business cards.  If I saw the ministry on it, I told them I would be visiting their offices tomorrow.
There had been food and drinks at the reception.  Now that I was done, someone brought me a glass of champagne.  I put that down in one gulp.  I nursed the next one.
Gradually the room emptied.  Mister Murang was one of the last to leave.  He thanked me one more time and then left.  I think I was the last one out of the room.  Me and Elsa.  She had come in late, and had stayed largely in the background, although I had seen her having conversations with many of the ministry people.  
It was hard not to notice her.  She was wearing yellow satin, sleeveless (so much for not showing much skin!), with a skirt that reached her knees but fit every curve on the way down.  Add four inch stilettoes, and she was one of the tallest people in the room, a blond pillar.  She didn’t have any trouble getting ministry people to talk with her.
We rode the elevator together.  When we got to my room she said, “Do you mind if I come in for a minute to talk over tomorrow’s schedule?”  I didn’t see anyone else in the hallway, but if people were about, she had covered us.
The minute our door was closed, I had a blond giant all over me.  She pushed me back on my bed and climbed on, her knees between mine, her hands in my hair, her face over mine.  I was being attacked by a blond pillar.
“You were so good.”  That was pretty much all she got out before her mouth was on mine and her hands were everywhere.  Okay.  I guess I’ll have to be good more often.  My hands found her ass, and we wrinkled both our dresses pretty fast.
Ten minutes later she told me she couldn’t spend the night.  She repeated that every ten minutes while mauling me.  Finally she pushed herself up off me, straightened her dress, wiped her mouth, and left.  She never did tell me about tomorrow’s schedule.



Chapter 8
The Ministry

I was standing, looking out my window at the dawn when she called.  Eight.  Breakfast.  Downstairs.  Hmm.  She wouldn’t be coming into my room.  No mauling this morning.  Very discrete.  Very disappointing.
I got the rest of the day’s schedule at breakfast.  I arrived first and joined Theo at his table.  Elsa strode into the room a few minutes later.  Elsa and I both were wearing simple cotton dresses – shades of yellow.  You know who looked better.  With the blond hair over her shoulders, she looking like she was personally bringing sunshine into the restaurant.  It was a pleasure to watch her move.  She even sat with grace.  We looked at each other, smiled, and then listened to Theo explain our day.
“The meeting at the ministry is at ten.  I gather it is mostly a meet and greet.  After lunch you will have the first working meeting.  They will bring in the contractor and whoever they assign as project manager.  I am just a salesman.  I am not invited.  I will spend my day getting you anything you need.  Speaking of which, here is a phone with a local sim card.  I have already loaded my number.”
“Thank you.”
“No, thank you.  After last night, I think I will be selling a lot of Naturale juices.”
At this point our waitress arrived, and we ordered our meals.  Our breakfast?  We might as well have been eating at Denny’s.  Same food, maybe better service.  Where were the ostrich egg omelets and hippo sausages?
“I’ve tried to do some checking for you.”  Theo seemed determined to be helpful.  “I saw the name of the project manager, but I couldn’t find out anything about him.  I gather he is the agricultural agent for the Kalahari region.  His wife may also join you.  But I have been hearing a lot about the contractor – Samuel Shipanga.  Fast riser.  Great reputation.  Ovambo family, but grew up in Windhoek.  Attended the technical high school.  I think the first Black to do so.  They were barred during apartheid.”
Here was a white South African mentioning apartheid.  I think I expected the next words out of his mouth to be an apology.  They weren’t.
“Even after the laws changed in 1990, only whites attended.  I think Black parents wanted a more academic education followed by college, followed by a role in government.  Can’t blame them for that.  I don’t have Shipanga’s details, but I think he was there around 2000 or right after.  Everyone says he was a great student.  He has certainly done well since.  Founded a well drilling company right out of high school (the family has a few bucks), and was one of the contractors that did the big project up north.  He gets some of the credit for helping define that aquifer.  So he was a natural for them to pick for this project.”
“But the contract was put out on open bids.”  Elsa seemed particularly emphatic.  She was staring at Theo as she made her point.
“Of course.  Of course.”  The words were there, but I wondered what was behind them.  Theo seemed more interested in his eggs than in returning Elsa’s stare.
We finished the meal with Theo repeatedly telling me all he would do for me before I went up to the Kalahari, and how grateful he was to be working for my company.  And, how sorry he was about the death of my husband.  He had never met Emil, but he had heard many good things, blah, blah, blah.  I smiled, thanked him for his comments and for getting us the contract, and said I might call later.  Would I call?  Who knew?  He was our representative for southern Africa, so it would make sense for me to sit down with him some time and get a general understanding of our business in the region.  But at the moment, my main concern was the Kalahari project, and it didn’t appear he would have much of a role in that now that the contracts were signed.
At the moment, the person I wanted to talk with was Elsa.  I explained I needed to go back up to my room to finish getting ready for our meetings.  Elsa followed me into the elevator.
“So,” I asked.  “Was the contract legitimate?”
“I was up here to see every bid and sit in on the selection process.  Three companies underbid Shipanga, but none of them had the experience he has.  He was the right guy to select.  I fully agreed with the decision.”
“But.”
“But three companies are not happy.  They have friends.  Things have been said.”
“So I’m here.”
“You bring expertise and objectivity.  And certainly some star power.  You were magnificent last night.”  At this point we were out of the elevator and at my door.  She followed me in.
“So now you can be with me?”
“You need help with your hair.”  
I probably did.  She followed me into my bathroom and picked up one of my combs.  I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled our hips together while she worked on me.  Her hands were all over my hair, and then over my face.  Fingers in my hair, palms on my cheeks, she held my head and kissed me.
“How many more mornings do I get help with my hair?”
“I’ll stay here until you go north.  Then I’ll go back to Joburg.”
“You understand I will need a lot of help each morning.”  I pushed her against the wall, and we went at it pretty good.  The skirt on her dress slid up very nicely.
But there was a clock ticking in both our heads.  Time went fast.  I was the aggressor, and kept her pressed against the wall.  She told me it was time to go.  I just smiled and kissed her again.  “Jess, you have to let me go.”  I didn’t.  “We’ll be late.”  I just held her tighter. “Jess, I’ll find some excuse to come back tonight.”  I still held her for another minute, pulling her to me as tightly as I could. Then I let her go.  But I definitely didn’t want to.
“I need a minute in my room to work on my own hair, then I will meet you in the hall.”  And she was gone.  
I spent several minutes redoing my lipstick and hair.  I also found my blazer and portfolio with our contracts and some note paper.  I would be ready for the day’s meetings.  But I wasn’t really thinking about any of that.  I was feeling the warmth of Elsa against my body.  She was, well, she was important to me.  I was pretty sure she had become more than someone to hold while I mourned Emil.
She knocked on my door a few minutes later, and we went off together.  She knew where the ministry was.  She drove, I looked out at the shops.  I held her hand.
How did the meetings go?  Well, the morning was fine.  Coffee, handshakes, introductions, exchanges of business cards, and yes, even a half hour of PowerPoint slides as one of their people explained the various divisions of the ministry, their history and purpose.  Zedeki Murang led me from room to room and made introduction after introduction.  Nice man.  He thanked me three or four times for the way I had handled the reception the night before.
What did I learn?  They seemed to be well organized, very professional.  The ministry had a mission, vision, and goals, straight out of any strategic planning work book.  People repeatedly put the Kalahari project in that context.  Offices were well equipped.  Each had a flag of Namibia and a picture of the president.  Hallways were filled with workers going here and there, all wearing suits.  A few women held titles, but most sat at desks doing clerical work.  Men out numbered women three to one.
In sum, it didn’t seem much different from the ag ministry of Wisconsin or Switzerland.  If there was any difference at all, it was the number of times my picture was taken with various people and various offices.
Lunch was brought in to one of the conferences rooms, and lasted over an hour.  Decent food, no grilled zebra, lots of lemonade.
And then I met Shipanga - eventually.  Lunch over, Minister Murang walked me down a long hallway to yet another conference room.  This one had shelves of maintenance manuals, mostly lying on their side.  The conference table was older and scarred with cigarette burns, cuts and stains.  The chairs folded up to be pushed out of the way when not needed.  There was carpet on the floor, but it had mud on it, and coffee stains.  My best guess was this was the room where the maintenance guys sat and debated whether diesel really was God’s gift to engines.
“This is the conference room Mr. Shipanga requested.  He thought it would give you more room to work.”  
“I’m sure it will be fine.”   I tried to remember when I had my last tetanus shot.  
There was an older man in a suit standing in the middle of the room.  He didn’t look much more comfortable than I did.  He immediately walked up to us, his hand first to Murang and then to me and Elsa.  
 Murang did the introductions.  “This is Martin Kauluna, our agricultural agent for the Kalahari district.  He will represent our ministry during your project.  I think you will find him very helpful.  He and his wife have lived in the Kalahari for over a decade.”  
Seemed like a nice enough guy.  I would guess he was pushing sixty.  Lots of gray in his hair, a bit of a slump to his shoulders.  Maybe five ten, fairly dark skin and a nose that was somewhat large.  But a good smile, and a warm handshake.
While we are shaking hands, I can see Murang is looking around the room, and then at Kauluna.  Kauluna shakes his head and says, “He called to say he was running late.”
Murang never loses his smile.  “Well, that can give you some time to talk about how this project may impact your region.”  Murang shakes our hands again, wishes us the best, and is gone.
Kauluna points to some chairs.  Elsa and I are on one side of the table, he is on the other.  “I am not sure why Mr. Shipanga wanted to use this room.  Maybe he has some equipment he wants to show us.”  Or maybe he needs carpeting to wipe his boots on.  Elsa and I are dressed for offices, not a custodian’s closet, but we wipe off the chair seats and get as comfortable as we can.  
By the end of the afternoon I know there is one man I will enjoy working with, and one man who will be a problem.  Kauluna, obviously, is not the problem.  He not only lives in the Kalahari, he likes it there.  He has a case full of maps, picks one, and unfolds it across the conference table.  For the next hour we get “Kalahari Highlights.”  The man never met a dry river bed or salt pan he didn’t like.  And he has this salesman’s habit of leading to – “and there’s more.”  More what?  More flowers in the spring, more antelope among the trees, more giraffes than you can find anywhere else.  The guy loves the place.  And you know how these things work.  His enthusiasm builds, and you begin to share it.  Pretty soon I’m thinking the Alps are for tourists.  For real beauty, the Kalahari has it all.  Which of course is nuts, but it gives you some sense of the guy.  He really does love the desert.
And then Shipanga came in.  Mid-thirties, hair cut short, skin darkened both by his race and by the sun, maybe six feet tall, with the flattest stomach I have ever seen.  This guy was all sinew.  And he wanted to show it.  He wore a black t-shirt at least four sizes too small.  Muscles bulged, veins popped, the back of his hands looked like a three-d roadmap.  He stood just inside the door so we could get a good look at him.  Testosterone on display.  He had kept us waiting, he had picked this awful room, he showed up looking like some punk on a beach.
And my thought?  Oh shit, this is going to be bad.  And it was.
He looked in the general direction of Kauluna and nodded.  But it was us he had more interest in.  He came round the table to where we had been sitting.  All of us had risen.  Given where she had been seated, Elsa was actually closer to him when he came to us, but he ignored her.  His eyes were on me.
“I hear you are a movie star.”
“I have helped with two movies.  I was on screen twice.”  He was staring at me.  I was staring back.  Neither of us offered a hand to shake.
“And an expert at wells.”
“You know I am.”
“I do?”
“You checked on me.  It takes under a minute to Google my name.”  We are maybe two feet apart, both staring at the other.  My head is up.  I am determined not to back away from this guy.
“An expert who will show me how to drill wells.”  His shoulders are moving.  If I were a man, I guessed he might be preparing to throw the first punch.  
“If I needed to do that, you wouldn’t have gotten the contract.”
“Then why are you here?”  
As he asks, his eyes move from my face to the rest of me.  He looks over all of me, then returns to my face.  Yes, I am a woman, yes, I am wearing a dress and heels.  I don’t need a reminder, and I don’t apologize.  I have a right to be here.  There are good reasons for me to be here.  But Elsa answers for me.
“She is here because this is a huge project with international implications.  The Kalahari extends into Botswana and South Africa.  They will have an interest in what you find.  She will help communicate your findings.”  Elsa is right next to Shipanga.  She has also worn heels and is maybe three inches taller than him.  He has to look up at her as she speaks.  “And, she is here because the World Bank wants her participation.  If you take World Bank money, you take World Bank rules.”
You ever see those weigh-ins before a major boxing match, where the two boxers stand toe to toe and stare at each other?  We’ve got one going between Elsa and Shipanga.  Kauluna breaks it up.
“Samuel, if you will take a seat, I would like to go through the drilling schedule.”  He points to a seat next to him.  Shipanga stares at Elsa and me for a few seconds, then comes around to Kauluna’s side of the table, and just like that, we know who will be running this project.  Hooray for Martin Kauluna.
We all sit down, and Kauluna moves his map so it is centered between the four of us.  He has a large pencil and is holding it near the top of the map.
“I want to work north to south.  We know there is water in the north.  Let’s find out its extent and its depth.  I think it easiest if we enter the Kalahari on this road from Grootfontein to Tsumkwe.”  He looks over at Elsa and me.  “My wife and I live in Tsumkwe.  It’s a tiny place, but it does have a small store and a gas station.  We will get most of our supplies in Grootfontein, but we can get a few things in Tsumkwe if we run short.”
“Elsa told me about Tsumkwe.”  Suddenly I feel like the bright student sitting in the front row.  “That’s where the man from The God’s Must be Crazy lives.”
“He died last year, but yes, he lived there.  So do maybe fifty other San, plus a few teachers for the school.”
“Where do you want the first well?”  Shipanga.  Impatient.  Direct.  Was he really going to be this gruff for the whole project?  
“We will go fifty kilometers north of the Tsumkwe road, and do a line of wells west to east.  Ten wells, twenty kilometers apart.  When we have the ten wells in, we move south fifty kilometers and do the next row, now drilling east to west.  We follow that pattern all the way south.  When we are done, we will have drilled two hundred kilometers east to west, and four hundred fifty kilometers north to south.  That doesn’t cover the entire Kalahari, but it should tell us what we need.”
I’m trying to convert kilometers to miles.  Several years outside Amberg, but I still have to chug along when I do the math in my head.  I am guessing we are talking about 120 miles across, and over 250 miles north to south.  And that’s only part of the Kalahari?  Big place.  And lots of traveling for us.
“What depth are we drilling to?”  I ask.
“The contract calls for fifteen meters,” Kauluna tells me.  Easier math for me.  A meter is basically a yard.  So fifteen meters is forty five feet.
“Two inch piping?”  I ask, and immediately regret it.  My Americanism is showing.
“Five centimeters.”  Shipanga doesn’t smile at my gaff, but I know I have just given him something to laugh about when he is back with his crew.
“Why fifteen meters?”  I ask.
“We have several wells supplying Tsumkwe.  They all got good water at fifteen to twenty meters.”  Kauluna tells me.
“It’s in the contract.”  Shipanga says.  I am sure he thinks he has just scored another point in whatever competition we are having.
“Yes, I read the contract.”  I’m not giving him that point.  “And now I understand why you picked that depth.  But we are exploring, right?  What if we used fifteen meters as an average, but put some in at twenty meters and some at fifteen.  It might give us more information about the aquifer and seasonal changes.”
“Would the contract allow that?” Kauluna asked Elsa.
“Yes.  Just record which wells went to which depth.”  Thank you Elsa.
“We will bend pipe after twenty meters.”  Mister Happiness has found a way to undercut my idea.
“I understand we are drilling mostly through sand, but yes, I agree there is a limit to how far we can push five centimeter pipe.  We will need to stop at any depth that bends our pipe.”  I am agreeing with Shipanga.  But you know there are some guys who will never take “yes” for an answer.  I am waiting for an objection.  He hasn’t found one yet.
“How long will it take you to drill these wells?”  Kauluna wants to move the conversation along.  It’s actually a pretty good question.
“We won’t be drilling wells.  We will be pounding wells.  On a good day, we can do one in the morning, and one in the afternoon.”  That’s Shipanga’s opinion.  It seems wildly ambitious to me.  He is pounding pipe through sand, but still… Kauluna and Elsa are both looking at me.
“Maybe.”  I’m not ready to undercut the guy yet.  “We will know better once we see the conditions on the ground and have put down some pipe.”
I won’t bore you with the rest of the meeting.  We talked about particular places in the Kalahari, talked about supplies, talked about living in the desert.  We spent the rest of the afternoon talking.  Did things ever get better with Shipanga?  Nope.  He seemed ready to challenge me on every point.  Oddly, I sort of got used to it.  The guy will be a jerk.  Have I dealt with jerks before?  Ten years as a waitress, ten as a bartender.  This project was going to last two months – three at the outside.  Could I deal with a jerk for three months?  Been there, done that.
The afternoon ended in the best way possible.  Shipanga left, and Kauluna invited Elsa and me to meet his wife over dinner.  



Chapter 9
First Night in the Desert

Kauluna’s wife was Inge.  We were to call him Martin.  First names came faster than typical for Europe.  Dinner was at a restaurant down Independence Avenue.  I had a gemsbok steak.  I Googled it later to see what I was eating.  Big antelope with antlers that stuck straight out about three feet.  Looked dangerous as hell.  Martin explained they were all over the Kalahari.  I had finally eaten something African!
Besides feeling very proud of myself for eating something special, I had a great time talking to Inge.  She was about Martin’s age, a little on the hefty side, lots of gray in her hair, and a ready smile.  I liked the way she sat with Martin.  No, they didn’t hold hands.  But there was that thing that older couples sometimes do, where when one moves, so does the other, always keeping close.  They were a matched set.
She was coming with us.  The kids (four kids, three grandkids) raised, her job was now to help Martin.  She would be cooking for us.  She had also worked out how we would sleep.  They had a caravan large enough for the three of us (Shipango and his men would pitch a tent).  They had taken the caravan out on the desert before.  It had large, wide tires for sand, and pulled easily behind their truck.  She was buying what we would need for the first two weeks.  The plan was to drive back to Grootfontein at least every two weeks for groceries, showers, laundry, and restaurant meals.  Sounded good to me.
Martin said Shipanga was waiting on some equipment, but we would probably leave in three days.  Dinner over, it was back to the hotel, with Inge helping with, well, whatever occurred to her as we got out of the elevator.
My three days in Windhoek?  Lots of walks up and down Independence Avenue.  Shopping.  Loved the stores, loved the sunshine, loved feeling proud.  I was in Africa, and I hadn’t gotten lost or done anything stupid yet.  And I bought stuff (flashlights, batteries, insect repellant, more socks).
Shipango wanted us over at his warehouse one afternoon, I guess so we could admire all he had achieved (and while the guy was annoying as hell, I did have to admit he had a huge pipe inventory plus enough motors and generators to drill five hundred wells).  We also had an additional meeting at the ministry.  Murang wanted an update on our preparations.  So he said, but I heard he had scheduled it after school so daughters of his staff could meet me.  I made sure I dressed for it.  I sat in a dozen offices with a dozen fathers who sat behind a desk with me and their daughter.  Moms got in too.  It was fun.  I made parents and young girls smile.  An afternoon to remember.
Elsa?  She was helpful all day every day.  If things got too bad with Shipango, she said what needed to be said.  The guy might have a chip on his shoulder, but he did understand contracts, and it was not to his advantage to annoy the World Bank too much.  So things smoothed out somewhat.
And us?  Well, she decided we might want to meet in the evening to discuss the progress of the project, and in the morning to plan our day.  That gave us about an hour together at night, and maybe forty five minutes in the morning.  To do what?  Mostly to sit together or lie together – and talk.  I had my arms around her most of the time, and I loved it when she slid her hands over my breasts, but really, we just talked.  We would keep our heads close, and we might whisper like lovers, and hold each other close like lovers, but I still thought of her as a friend.  Don’t ask me to explain where one slides over from friend to lover, and maybe in some ways we were already past whatever that line is, but at some level, what I wanted was a friend.  And she was a very good one.
That last morning we spent a long time saying good bye up in my room, holding each other tight on my bed.  I had my hands in her hair – she had great hair – and she seemed to like my breasts.  I have no idea how often we kissed.  Friends do that, right?  We didn’t say anything particularly important.  We smiled a lot.  I told her how good she looked in her yellow dress (I have no idea how many yellow dresses she has, but she looks amazing in all of them).  She told me I looked pretty good for a woman in work pants and shirt (she had my shirt unbuttoned so she could get a hand on my breast).  We promised to meet again when the project was done.  She wanted to take me to Cape Town and show me the sights.  That sounded good.
Finally we got up, I helped her straighten her dress and her hair, and we took our bags down to the lobby.  There was one final – brief – hug out in the entry way, then I got in Martin’s truck, sitting in the back seat with Inge.  Elsa drove south.  We drove north.  On the outskirts of town we met up with Shipango’s trucks – one with a huge load of pipes, the other with more pipes and the tower for the drill.  We were on our way.
Namibia is a big country.  Windhoek is pretty much in its center, and we were going to Grootfontein, a smaller city maybe two thirds of the way up to Angola, but it took us all day to get there.  It was a good time for Inge and me to get better acquainted.  We talked kids.  Sometimes Martin would add some comment from the front seat, but mostly it was Inge and I telling one story after another.  She might tell a story from when her kids were toddlers, and I would match it.  She would talk school days, so would I.  Weddings – well we spent hours on those.  Time passed, so did the miles.
Roads in Namibia?  Not bad.  Two lane, but in pretty good shape.  Wide shoulders (there really wasn’t much other than a few farms and lots of scrub brush on either side), with roadside areas to stop for picnics, which we did.  Saw the world’s tallest ant hill where we stopped, and I thought I heard some animals in the brush, but still no elephants or lions.
We got to Grootfontein late in the afternoon.  Not much more than a large village, really.  Maybe a few hundred people.  Businesses along the highway, smaller houses down the side streets, all single story, mostly looking like the kind of houses you might find in any rural town in the U.S.
We stopped for gas, topping off the trucks and filling several gas cans.  Inge warned me we would be losing cell service the minute we entered the desert, so I emailed several pictures of our trucks back to my girls.  Inge offered to take my picture by her caravan (trailer), so they could all see how I was dressed and where I would sleep.  I made sure to get a picture of Inge and Martin.  I also made sure to use the gas station bathroom.  We would be roughing it in the desert.
Next stop?  The Kalahari.  Martin led the way.  All we had to do was cross the highway.  Grootfontein was to the west of the road we had come in on.  The Kalahari was to the right.  There was a gravel road that led due east to Tsumkwe, where Martina and Inge lived (and the Bushman with the Coke bottle had also lived).  The gravel road drops down from the highway, maybe ten feet, and you are immediately surrounded by grasses and scrub bushes, and a few trees, all of them rising up alongside the road, so you can see little in any direction.  It reminded me of driving back roads in Illinois when the corn is high.  At least we were in the first truck.  The trucks behind us would be driving through a cloud of gravel dust.
Martin was watching the gps on his dash.  
“How far in for the first well?  I asked.
“I want to go in about twenty five kilometers, then turn north off this road, and go up about fifty kilometers.”  Doing rough math in my head, that seemed to be about fifteen miles on the road and about thirty through the bush.  The sun was already fairly low in the sky.  Hmm.
Fifteen miles on the road took about half an hour, maybe a little less.  The gravel was rough in a few spots, but not too bad.  And we never had to share the road.  We could drive right down the middle.  We never saw another car.
So far so good.  But then we turned into the brush.  Martin’s truck had a guard across his front, and he needed it.  We pushed right through grass and thorn bushes.  The ground was sand, but his tires seemed to handle that well enough.  What didn’t go so well was the bumps.  The Kalahari is an old lake bed, so it is generally smooth, but “generally” does not mean “universally.”  We bounced.  Even at very slow speeds, we bounced.  And after the truck bounced, the caravan bounced behind us, and when it bounced, it pulled on the hitch, so we bounced a second time.  Martin had one hand on the steering wheel and one hand on the door handle.  Inge and I had one hand on our door handle, and the other – well, the other hand just reached for anything stable, mostly the back of the seat in front of us.  We had seat belts on – thank God.  Even so, I hit my brand new wide-brimmed hat on the ceiling sixty or seventy times.
We were going to do thirty miles of this?  Did we have enough daylight?  Would my back ever be the same?
We stopped along an old creek bed.  It probably wasn’t thirty miles, but crossing that dry creek would be a challenge all to itself, and the sun was just a red glow to our west.  Enough.  We stopped.  The trucks behind us stopped.  Shipanaga walked up to look at the creek bed – at least as much as could be seen by our headlights.  He and Martin talked briefly, and then everyone got to work.  
I helped Inge get a small grill out of the caravan.  And we set up a small folding table.  At this point I have to admit to some concern.  I was the second woman in the group.  I was helping with the meal.  Did that make me a cook, here to serve the men?  Martin saved the situation.  He gave me a map and a handheld gps device.  Could I verify and mark our location?  I went to work on that.  Meanwhile, he helped Inge carry some water out of the caravan.
Shipanga had two young men working for him.  I doubted either was over twenty.  He had one help him set up a large nylon tent near our caravan, while the other went out to gather wood for a fire.  This became the routine we used over the next weeks – the grill, a camp fire, a tent, not a lot of conversation.  That night we had stew over rice in large bowls.  We also had bottle after bottle of water.  
We ate around the campfire.  Not much of a fire, by the way.  Not much wood in a desert, right?  Shipango’s man had dragged in the remains of several dead thorn bushes and chopped them up with a machete.  But it was a fire, and we sat around it.  Conversation?  Shipango and his workers spoke in Oshivanbo.  Did the men not know English, or were they trying to exclude me?  Over the coming weeks I learned they had grade school English, or about as much English as I remembered of school Spanish.  
On our side of the fire, Inge and Martin exchanged a few words, and I said nothing.  I was tired.  Bouncing around a truck is hard work.  But I have to admit, I was listening.  I was in Africa, sitting around a campfire.  I would hear a lion roar any minute now, wouldn’t I?  I think I did hear a lion off in the distance, but I also heard lots of noises in the grasses around us.  Animals were out.  Maybe the creek bed wasn’t completely dry.  Maybe they were hunting.  But there was something out there.  I found myself smiling.  Just wait until I got back to Amberg.  I would have lots of stories.
Then I needed to pee.  Sorry, I know you want to hear about Africa, not my bathroom habits, but, well, people pee.  I had drunk at least a quart (sorry, liter) of water, and I needed to pee.  I looked at Inge, and she seemed to read my mind.  She motioned me over to the caravan.  She gave me a stick and a flashlight.  “Stay close.” And she pointed off into some grasses.
I stayed very close.  I doubt if I went ten feet into the bush.  But that was enough for me to get caught on a thorn bush that tore my shirtsleeve, and to see two eyes reflected by my flashlight.  I froze until I was sure the eyes had gone elsewhere.  I was pretty sure they had.  Still, I peed about as fast as I ever had.
And then something interesting happened.  I backed away from where the eyes had been, and was quickly back to our campsite.  The campfire had burned down to embers, and there was just a small light in the tent and another in the caravan.  It was dark.
Except it wasn’t.  There was a crescent moon near the horizon.  But it wasn’t throwing much light.  It was the stars.  I had seen stars in the Alps, and they are pretty impressive, but here… it was like there were layers of them.  They were crowded on top of each other.  There were some places where you could see some groupings.  I suppose people who know their constellations could pick out some Greek this or that.  But to me, it was just an endless array.  Partly it was altitude.  The Kalahari is several thousand feet high.  But there was also no ground light to compete with it.  There was just the light from the stars.
So, maybe I heard a lion, and maybe I encountered something in the bush, but what I really remember from that first night is the stars.  They were astounding.  And they would be there every night.  What an amazing place to be.



Chapter 10
We do a Well

I slept well.  Yes, I lay awake for a little while, wondering if we would be visited by lions or elephants.  I could hear a few things wandering around in the bush, but nothing that sounded like it might come through the walls of the caravan.  The caravan (trailer) was tiny, by the way.  Maybe twenty feet long and six feet wide.  The sleeping area was at the back – a larger bed and some closet space along with a tiny bathroom.  Inge had arranged a curtain that pulled across that area so she and Martin would have some privacy.
Me?  I slept on the couch.  I was in the front of the caravan, in the area where they would normally eat and relax.  Most of that area was now taken up with boxes of food and cases of water bottles.  They left enough room for the couch to fold out.  It wasn’t one of those big foldouts - the seat bottom just slid out about two feet.  But the couch was wide enough that I could get most of me on the seat bottom, and while my feet hung over the end initially, as the night grew colder and I pulled myself in tighter, I fit pretty well.
I woke to the sound of a motor.  Shipanga.  He was already up and working.  The sound also woke Inge and Martin.  I could hear them moving around, presumably getting dressed.  I could also feel the caravan shift from side to side as they moved around their bed (neither of them was particularly light).  I quickly pulled on my pants and shirt and had the couch all folded up by the time they came out from behind their curtain.
That first morning I was out the door, my boots still unlaced, as I hurried to where Shipanga was working.  I needed to see this.  This whole project was based on a guess about which well technique would work out here.  We would know by noon if we had guessed right.
Sorry, but to understand the risk we were taking, I need to stop the story here and give a short overview on water wells.  I promise – two paragraphs max.
Basically, you have two ways of getting down to water.  You can pound a point down into the ground, or you can drill.  If you pound, you can’t go all that deep – and you can’t go through anything hard.  But if you are looking for water under sand (like here), and you won’t be pumping massive quantities of water (and we wouldn’t be), then a pounded well was faster and cheaper.  That’s what we would be doing in the Kalahari.  You start with a drive point – usually a steel cone, with pipe behind it.  There are holes in the pipe and screens over them, so water (when you get to it) can get into and up the pipe.  That initial structure is maybe four feet long, and you just keep screwing lengths of pipe onto it, and pound it all down into the sand.  At some point you stop, put a pump on the top, and try to suck water into and up the pipe.  
Back in Amberg, weekend cabin owners would often drive such a well into the sandy soils there.  They would use inch and a quarter pipe so they could drive it down by hand, basically using the same tool you use for pounding steel fence posts.  I had driven plenty of two inch monitoring wells at my new bottling plants -- two inch because the pipe was stronger, and we could use a machine to pound on the pipe and go deeper.  Two inch wells could not give us the volume we needed for bottling, but they would be a cheap and easy way to monitor water depth and quality in the vicinity of our main wells.  (If you really went to get technical, such wells are called “Piezometers” in the trade.  Try slipping that into conversation to impress.)
For real volume, you needed a drilled well.  They can also go much deeper.  They spin a nasty looking diamond head down into the hole, with sections of galvanized steel tubing controlling the cutter bit, spinning with it.  As the drill head goes down, a casing has to be slid down around it.  It some point you pull the drill head back out of the hole, but leave the casing behind.  The casing can be steel or PVC, and is four to six inches in diameter.  With a hole that big, you can get large volumes of water.  These were the wells we used for our bottling plants south of Lake Superior.
So, quick summary.  Pounded wells – two inch pipe through soft materials, maybe forty to one hundred feet.  Enough water for a house or two, but mostly for evaluating the local aquifer.  Drilled wells – deeper, wider, more expensive and more complicated, but these are the wells that can support much larger water volumes.
We were doing pounded wells for our survey (remember - faster, cheaper), but these wells would only work if we were standing on forty to eighty feet of sand.  If there was granite ten feet under us, this whole project was going to be over pretty fast.
So I hurried over to Shipanga’s truck.  He had a support tower raised up on the back of his truck, with a length of pipe nestled against the frame while a weight was raised and dropped onto the top of that pipe.  He was working the machine that pounded the weight onto his pipe, but he, and I, his assistants, and soon Martin and Inge were all looking at the pipe as it slid into the ground.  If we were pounding through sand, the pipe should drop a foot or so every time the weight dropped onto it.  So far, that’s what was happening.
Down went the pipe.  Within five minutes, the whole twenty foot section pushed down into the ground.  Shipanga stopped the machine, and his two assistants got to work.  One unscrewed a cap on the pipe that absorbed the impact of the dropped weight, while the other pulled another twenty foot section of pipe from the truck (the things go eighty to a hundred pounds easy), put the cap on the top, slid a cable around the cap, and pulled it up along the tower where it could be aligned and then screwed into the pipe below it, using an eight inch coupling to bind the sections of pipe together.  It mattered that everything was kept straight.  If they got the pipe at an angle, it would bend from impact and the well would have to be redone.  Shipanga gave lots of orders in Oshibambo, most of them shouted.  He was feeling the same stress as the rest of us.
But the second section was now aligned, and Shipanga started dropping the weight again.  We all watched the pipe slide into the ground.  It kept going.  Maybe not a foot at a time any more, but a good eight to ten inches.  Down, down, down.  Finally only about two feet of the pipe was still showing.
Now what?  We had forty feet of pipe in the ground.  If there was water down there, we should already be in it.
“Let’s put down another section.”  Martin was standing across from Shipanga.  Shipanga stared back.  I was waiting for him to object.  He hesitated long enough to make it clear he was not happy with the decision.  “We got pipe down almost this deep in Tsumkwe.  Let’s see what we can get up here.”  Again, hesitation from Shipanga, but then he gave orders to his men, and the next length of pipe was attached.
How far did we get?  About fifty five feet.  The pipe sank with every drop of the weights, and then it just stopped.  Shipanga instantly stopped the machine that controlled the weights.  If the point was sitting on rock, pounding on it would just bend the pipe and ruin the well.  But we had gotten fifty five feet.  That was a pretty good distance.  Pounding pipe worked.  We didn’t have to drill.  We had a simple technique – and fast.  Our project was off and running.
We had lots of work on that well yet to do.  We needed to get a pump on it, check for water, and test whatever water we pumped out, but I can’t begin to tell you how relieved we all were that we would be able to pound our test wells rather than drill them. That morning we celebrated by going back to where our campfire had been (we didn’t relight it).  Time to sit and smile.  Inge made coffee and then oatmeal.  We praised Shipanga and his men, raising our coffee cups as if we were toasting them.  Shipanga even smiled – briefly.
What was left to do after breakfast?  A fair amount.  Shipanga got out a cutting torch and cut the pipe about three feet off the ground.  He then got out a large die and cut threads on the outside of the pipe.  Not an easy job.  
Then came the pump.  We were all back to watch this.  He screwed the pump on top of the pipe, started a generator, and hit the switch.  We could hear the pump cycle over and over while we stared at the exit tube, waiting to see water.  We actually cheered when it came.  It was pretty dirty.  The vacuum of the pump was pulling water into the pipe through the screens at the bottom of the hole, but it also pulled in sand and dirt.  But the volumes were good.  A rush of brown water flew out the pump and splashed alongside.  
We kept the pump running.  Gradually the water got clearer.  Martin brought up a sample bottle, already marked “#1”.  I guess that made it official.  We had water to take back and test for quality.  Next test?  Depth.  Shipanga shut down the pump and pulled it off the pipe.  I had a cord with a large float at the end.  I slowly unwound the cord, waiting to feel the float hit water.  I unwound it foot by foot, tension building again as we all waited to see how far we would have to lower the float.  How far?  The float hit water at six meters (eighteen feet).  I marked the cord and carefully measured again as I pulled the float up.  I had some papers back in the caravan, as did Martin (and I guessed Shipanga as well).  I recorded “well #1 – 6.1 meters”.  Somehow putting the numbers down on paper made the whole thing official.  If there had been champagne around, I would have had more than my share.  
We began packing up to move to the next site.  Martin helped Inge put away the cooking supplies and pack up the camps chairs.  Shipanga’s men took down the tent and stored it in their truck.  I watched Shipanga as he capped the pipe and then spray painted it orange so he could find it more easily.  It would be his job to return to each well every three months for the first year and measure water levels.
As he painted he looked over at me.
“So, American lady water expert, now you will tell this poor Black African how I should have done this well.”
“I would have greased the threads.  The pipes would have screwed on faster and there would have been less chance of cross threading, but that is minor.  The work you did, you did well.”
“Thank you kindly, American lady water expert.”
“Look, Mr. Shipanga.  I am not here to fight with you, compete with you, or undercut you.  Maybe I can help.”
“You have already undercut me.”  He stood up, spray can in his hand, staring directly at me.  “This project is important.  Too important to leave to a black well driller.  Obviously a white driller had to be called to make sure he did that job right.  That is what people will say.”
“That may be what some say, especially the three people who underbid you and didn’t get the contract.”  My turn to stand and stare.  “But it’s not what I will say, and not what the final report will say.  It will say Martin Kauluna led the project and picked the drilling locations.  Samual Shipanga drilled ninety wells.  Jessica Gruber measured and recorded the water depth.  The three of us worked as a team, each of us sharing in the work.”  
He looked at me.  I looked at him.  In a perfect world, this might have been where we became friends, or at least work colleagues.  In the world where we actually lived, at least he seemed to argue with me less, and throw fewer insults my way.  For a few days.



Chapter 11
89 Wells to go

Okay, one down, 89 to go.  We get everything packed up and start east.  Twenty kilometers – about twelve miles (are we ever going to have just one measuring system?  Pick one.  Any one.)  How long does it take to drive twenty kilometers?  We weave a little this way and that to drive over grass, around trees, and around dry river beds.  At one point we spot a family of giraffes and I make Martin stop the truck so I can get some pictures.  (I had no idea how big these things really are.  Yes, they have a long neck, but their body is already way up there.  Giraffes are huge!)  But I was only out with my phone for maybe ten minutes, so don’t blame me.  Giraffes or no giraffes, it was going to take us at least an hour to get from one well location to the next.
That afternoon set the pattern for our days.  Martin picks the spot, Shipango sets up his tower and starts pounding pipe, Martin lets him stop at forty feet most times, but asks him to go lower about one well in five.  We pump, measure, collect a water sample, and then move on.  We finish the day by driving to the spot where we will pound pipe in the morning.  So, two wells every day, each day ending where the next day will begin.
Evenings?  Late September isn’t summer yet, but it is plenty warm, even at this altitude.  And it is dry.  And we have driven through grass and sand and thrown up our own dust which we are all now wearing.  A shower would feel so good.  But, that’s not going to happen.  What does happen is a wet cloth and some baby wipes.  Inge and I take turns in the tiny bathroom in the caravan.  The men just clean up with a basin on the tailgate of their trucks.
And we drink water.  There were cases of bottles in the caravan and in the back of all three trucks.  I can watch the stacks of bottles shrink.  The plan is to go back into Grootfontein every two weeks to replenish.  I hope they are ready for us.
Evening campfires varied in size depending upon what wood might be around us.  But there was always something.  And we sat around the fire on canvas camp chairs eating whatever Inge had cooked.  It took me three days to realize she had heavily salted the food.  I was going to suggest less salt, and then I understood why she was doing it.  This was not about taste, it was about rebuilding all the salt we were sweating out.  Good thing I kept my mouth shut.
Conversations around the fire?  There tended to be two – one in Oshivambo, and one in English.  There was also plenty of silence.  Even the two young men appeared pretty tired after hauling pipe and heavy equipment around.  If there was something we all talked about, it was connected to sounds we were hearing around us.  Giraffes very close to the camp one night (if they had walked through our camp, I would have run for the caravan pretty fast).  Other nights it was hyenas prowling, or various antelopes stepping through the brush.  No lions or elephants during the first weeks.  Once in bed, I might listen for animals for a while, but I fell asleep pretty fast.
Mornings I helped Inge and Martin bring out some water and whatever pots she would use (usually a large iron pot for oatmeal), then I would take a roll of toilet paper out into the bush (never easy, especially when I always had to keep one eye out for lions and elephants).  Back to the safety of the camp, I would take a few minutes in the caravan bathroom to wash (tiny amounts of water and lots of wet wipes).  (Yes, there was a toilet in there, but the tank was tiny and there was not enough water to flush it.)
We didn’t relight the campfire, but we sat around it on our folding stools eating our oatmeal and drinking our coffee.  Shipanga sent his young men over one at a time while he continued to drive his points down.  He always ate last, and always wanted to brag about how far he had already pounded.  It was always at least ten meters.
Besides measuring the depth of water in the wells (pretty consistently eighteen feet below the surface), I kept a record of each well – gps location, date we put it down, depth Shipanga had gone to, general description of the area around it (proximity to any dry creek beds, rock formations, woods, etc).  I knew Martin was keeping a similar record, but I didn’t think it hurt to have two records.
During the drilling I stayed out of the way, but close enough to watch Shipanga work.  I noticed his guys were now greasing the threads of all pipe joints.  Did I have any other brilliant insights to share?  No.  His equipment seemed first-rate, and he had trained his guys pretty well.  Every place we put a well we all watched the pipe go into the ground, hoping to see a smooth entry.  And during those first weeks, that’s what happened.  We did our first row of ten wells in five days.  Everything went according to plan.  We might have been tired and dirty as we sat around the campfire at night, but we were also pretty satisfied.  We were making progress. 



Chapter 12
Tsumkwe

Our second row of wells was to be fifty kilometers south of the first.  We were as far east as we were going to go.  Fairly close to the border with Botswana.  We would drive south, and then put in our wells moving west, back to Grootfontain.  Along the way we would reach the little village of Tsumkwe, then use the gravel road for most of our travels west.
The conditions for this second row were pretty similar to the first row – grass, clumps of trees, endless thorn bushes.  Water levels in the wells tended to be a foot or two higher at the east (Botswana) end, but the soil was the same, and Shipanga drove the wells fifty feet without any problems.  It took us two days (four wells) to reach Tsumkwe from the east.
Tsumkwe.  This was the town Elsa had told me about.  This was where they had filmed The Gods Must be Crazy, making sure none of the houses got into their shot.  This was where the star of the show had lived.  I wanted to see it.  And, since this was where the Kauluna’s lived, I wanted to see their home (to be honest, I mostly wanted to take the shower Inge had promised me).
We came out of the grasslands to the east of the town and turned on to main street, a convoy of trucks.  At the north end of the town was the school, a concrete building, single story, not too different than any grade school built in the U.S.  Next was the general store, and yes, painted on its side was a huge red sign for – Coke.  Must have been a huge laugh for the locals who had seen the movie.  Down the gravel street was a gas station followed by half a dozen houses, all single story, all looking like any other collection of two bedroom ranch-style houses anywhere in rural America.
All the trucks pulled into the gas station to fill up.  I walked back to the store.  You know what I wanted to buy.  The place was tiny, no bigger than a one car garage, but it had a cooler, and I pulled out a large bottle of Coke.  The owner/manager was a middle aged guy who took my money without a smile or a comment.  I guessed I wasn’t the only outsider who wanted a souvenir Coke.
The Kauluna home was the fourth down the street.  By the time I had my Coke, Martin had already gassed up and parked in front.  I opened my Coke and gulped it as I walked down the gravel street, a huge smile on my face.  The Coke tasted really good, but it tasted so much better thinking about that movie and walking through that tiny town.
That evening started so good.  Life is always good after a shower, and when it is your first shower in a week, well, every drop of water is special.  I swear I got ten pounds of dirt out of my hair.  I got clean clothes out of my bag, and then joined Inge in the kitchen.  It was the same size and configuration as the one in my trailer back home.  She decided it was time for some pasta.  She worked on the pasta and salad, I worked on the sauce.  Martin opened a bottle of wine, then went out to the caravan and pulled out the grill.  He would be making sausages.
By the time the food was ready, the sun had set, all six of us had been through the shower (although the young guys were last and probably had cold water), Inge and I were deep into our bottle of wine, and the men were through their second six pack of Namibian beer.  It felt like a celebration. We sat around the kitchen table – our first time eating indoors in a week – and ate mounds of food.  I had seconds of everything.  The men had thirds.  I ate sausages and even had a Namibia beer.  We didn’t move from that table in over an hour.  I cannot begin to describe how good that meal felt.  Sitting on a real chair, clean clothes, clean hair, endless food.  It was something.
Eventually the evening broke up.  Shipanga and his guys pitched their tent in the front yard.  That’s where they would sleep.  The house had two bedrooms, so Inge showed me where I would sleep.  A real bed.  This just kept getting better and better.
I stayed in the kitchen and helped Inge clean up.  
And that’s when I heard the music.  It was coming from behind the house, back through some trees.  It sounded like a radio, or a tape player.  
“A party?” I asked.  Inge was putting away some plates.  She took a while to respond, and when she did, she didn’t look at me as she answered.
“No.”  Okay.  We have all been there.  Suddenly we realize we are talking to someone who doesn’t want to continue a conversation.  So?  Drop it?  Pursue it anyway?  Wait?  I waited. Finally she continued, but she still didn’t want to make eye contact as she talked.  The dishes were getting her full attention.
“The government put up housing for the San back across that field.  One long, low building.  Small rooms.  One per family.  Really just a place to get out of the rain or out of the cold.  July can be plenty cold here.  A dozen or so families live back there.”  
Okay.  Now I know who lives back there.  What I don’t know is why Inge is so uncomfortable.  Time for a really good question.  Wish I had one.  I just stand and wait.
“The San drink.  They have no resistance to alcohol.  It is completely new to them, and does incredible damage physically and socially.  The general store is not allowed to sell alcohol.  If we want beer or wine, we have to drive to Grootfontein to buy it.”  Another pause.  Now she looks at me for the first time.
“The school principal’s wife sells it to them.  She walks back there with a big bottle of wine and a boom box.  She sits in a clearing and plays music.  They come to her.  She pours wine from the big bottle into little bottles and sells them.  They drink, share the wine, and dance.  It’s a party.  But they will drink and dance until they fall down.  Or until they run out of money.”
“I assume this is illegal.”
“Yes, but she is the principal’s wife, so the teachers won’t say anything.  And Martin was gone, so she had no one to stop her.  He will walk back and talk to her, but she will do it again the minute we are gone.  I’ll take you back there if you want to see it.”
“No.”  I’ve seen enough drunkenness in Amberg.  Why watch more people embarrass themselves?  I helped Inge put away the last of the dishes and went to bed.  The music stopped shortly after I got into bed.  

Chapter 13
Sabotage

I heard shouting.  Loud.  Angry.  Frightening, really.  The language was Oshivanbo, but the meaning was obvious.  Shipanga was swearing at the top of his lungs.  Something had happened, and someone was going to pay for it.
It was dawn.  It had felt so good to lie back on my bed.  I was clean, I was fed, I was rested.  It would have felt marvelous to roll over and catch another hour’s sleep.  But the shouting was loud.  Something major had occurred.  I dressed quickly and stepped out of the house.  
The pipe truck.  It had stood a few yards from the other truck and Martin’s truck and caravan.  Everyone was standing near the back end of the pipe truck.  Shipanga was on his hands and knees.  He just kept shouting.  One of the young men also knelt down to look, but no one else said anything.  It was like there was no room in the air.  He had filled it and continued to fill it with obscenities.
I stood near Inge and watched.  Inge kept her voice down.
“Someone punched a hole in the gas tank.”
I looked down at the gravel.  I saw no gas.  Whatever had drained from the tank had evaporated into the gravel road.  Now that I was paying attention, I could smell gas in the air.  Not pleasant.  
Shipanga got up from the ground.  He straightened himself and turned a complete circle while he shouted at the houses on the road.  A few people stood outside their doors.  Shipanga screamed at all of them.  No response.  Most backed into their homes and shut their door.
Shipanga stopped shouting.  He stood catching his breath.  His shirts were always too tight for him.  Now he bulged out of his t-shirt, his chest looking like it was inside a balloon and the balloon might pop.  He kept his eyes on the street, looking up one side and then down the other.  There were only about eight houses in town.  Each got his complete attention.  There was complete silence.  Then he turned to Martin.
“You know this town.  Who did this?”
“It might not have been any of them.  People could have driven here from Grootfontein.”
“We would have heard cars.”
“Maybe.  But we didn’t hear footsteps.  We might not have heard cars if they had parked off at a distance.”
Shipanga looked at his tent and at his two assistants.  The tent was near the house but still, the trucks on the street were no more than fifty feet away.  It would be hard not to hear people pass by.
“San.”
Shipanga stared past the tent, and past the house toward the field behind the house.  Martin immediately moved into his sight line.
“You don’t know that.”
“They hate us for Angola.”  Shipanga took a step towards the field.  “And they move silently.”  Martin blocked his path.
“Angola was thirty years ago.  And those men are dead.”  
The two men stood face to face.  Shipanga was younger and stronger, Martin a couple inches taller.  Shipanga seemed to expand, the veins on his arms now pressing against his skin.  Martin stood, his hands at his sides, his eyes focused on Shipanga, his breath even.
“You can spend the next two months pounding pipe, or you can spend it in jail.”
“They wrecked my truck.”
“Are you telling me you don’t know how to repair your truck?”
More staring.  More silence.  But Shipanga made no move towards the field.
“I’ll need to take the gas tank back to Windhoek.”
“Do what you need to do.  While you are gone, we will report back to the ministry.  We have good data for them.  They will be pleased with the work you are doing.”
Shipanga looked over Martin’s shoulder toward the field.  
“I’ll be gone two days.  I want you to talk to those little bastards while I am away.  This doesn’t happen again.  Not here, not while we are out in the desert someplace.”
“I will talk to them, and I will talk to the others.”  Martin had never raised his voice, and now it somehow sounded even quieter.  “They all understand the value of water.”
Shipanga spun on his heel.  The man had skills.  He grabbed a toolbox from the other truck, and he had his gas tank off in under a half hour.  The tank went into the back of the truck with the tower ,and he and his assistants were gone.  Not a word.  Just a cloud of gravel dust as he sped down the empty street.
The three of us?  Not a word.  Not yet.  We walked back into the house.  Inge and I made breakfast.  Well, she made eggs and toast, and I set the table.  When did we talk?  Not until we had finished our meal and Inge had poured a second cup of coffee.
“You know there was fighting in Namibia, right?”  We were still seated around the kitchen table.  Martin held his coffee cup in one hand and addressed me.
“Back in the 80s?”  Thank god for Wikipedia.  At least I had read the basics.
“70s and 80s.  The 80s were the worst.  We were ruled by South Africa, so when they invented Apartheid, it applied here too.  Part of that was where you could live.  Blacks lived all over Windhoek.  We were told to move to the northern end – just a slum on the outskirts of town.  People refused to give up their homes.  They were shot.  That started the war.”
What do you say when people are telling you thinks like that?  Nothing.  I sat and waited for more.
“The Germans never conquered the northern end of Namibia – what they called German Southwest Africa.  The land is better up north.  More people.  They held off the Germans.  They also held off the South Africans.  But eventually the South Africans pushed us up into Angola.  Here’s where the San come in.  The Bushmen.  The South Africans needed trackers to find us.  They came here and took the men.  They made the San walk in front of their personnel carriers.  If they spotted us, we shot them.  We also had some mines, and it was the San who were blown up before the APCs.  Most San never made it back to the Kalahari.” 
I’m staring down at the table top, not sure I will ever raise my eyes again.
“I don’t think they did it.  They have reasons to hate both whites and blacks.  But they don’t hate.  Or if they do, they hate in some way I don’t understand.  I think it was much more likely one of Shipanga’s competitors.  Or some guy who wants the desert left alone.”
Another long silence before Martin goes off in a completely new direction.
“Did you ever read Goethe’s Faust?”  
I swear I started laughing.  We go from this awful human tragedy to books I haven’t even heard of.
“Martin, I never finished tenth grade.  I was out having babies.”
Inge took my hand.
“Me too, Jessica.  Me too.”
Somehow that started a break in our conversation.  We all shifted in our seats, took a sip of coffee, and maybe we just all took a breath.  Whoever Goethe was, he probably wasn’t a Bushman.  Maybe we could relax a bit.
“Here’s the fifty word summary.  Faust is unsatisfied with his life.  He just can’t get enough.  He has plenty, but it is not enough.  Along comes the Devil.  The Devil gives him complete power.  He can do whatever he wants as long as he wants.  But if Faust is ever satisfied, the Devil gets his soul.  A couple hundred pages go by while Faust does everything and anything, and still is never satisfied.  Until he takes on a project.  He drains a swamp.  He creates new land for people.  He is proud.  He is happy.  He is finally satisfied with something he has done.  The devil takes his life and his soul.”
“I think I understand what Goethe was getting at.  Do something good in the world.  It is the only true satisfaction.”
I know I had a bright smile on my face like the kid who sits in the front row and always has his hand up.  Look at me.  I know stuff.  Maybe I was waiting for Martin to pat me on the head.  Instead, he just raised an eyebrow.
“Maybe then.  What about now?  What would happen if you drained a swamp in Wisconsin?”
“I could probably get away with it if I gave the right campaign contribution to the right crook, but everyone else would be on me.  Not only do swamps support all kinds of animals, but they limit flood damage.”
“We are drilling wells in a desert.  Just test wells, but the first step towards, well, we don’t really know what.  Maybe nothing.  Maybe lots of things.”
“I had this problem when I supported the first well in my part of Wisconsin.  Good thing, or bad?  I think good because it provides jobs, and because I think we need to know what is under us as we prepare for a very different climate.”
“I agree.  Maybe someone with an ice pick disagrees.”



Chapter 14
Waiting

Two days.  What did we do for the two days we waited?  First, we pulled Martin’s truck much closer to the house.  Easier to hear ice pick man or any other man.  Inge and I also spent some time cleaning the trailer.  How many days had it been, and the thing was already covered in layers of dust.  I can’t say I was too surprised by that, but how did so many weeds and thistles and grasses get everywhere?  You would have thought we were keeping cattle in the place.
Maybe more important, Martin and I took a walk.  Call it – meet your neighbors.  The basic premise was Martin was introducing this American well driller around.  Almost everyone we spoke with was a teacher at the small school.  Conversations were a few words of English then longer sentences in Oshivanbo.  Nice enough people.  No sense that any of them walked the night with an ice pick.  Ten or fifteen minute conversations, and we moved on.
In between houses, Martin explained languages to me.
“The Germans forced us to learn German.  Then the South Africans came in and forced Afrikaans.  When not talking to white folks, we spoke our tribal languages – mostly Oshivambo.  1990 comes and we are given independence from South Africa.  The first thing we changed was their language.  But change to what?  German?  Lots of Germans left here, and they run important businesses.  But, there’s a history.”
Again, thanks to Wikipedia, I knew about the Herero massacres.  So, I don’t need to ask why the national language will not be German.  A tribal language?  That might give one tribe an advantage over another.  Not good politics.  So, what’s left?
“We went with English.  It’s an international language, so it should help with international business.  Supposedly, it’s the language we use in schools.  And we do use it in our universities.  It works pretty well.  But out in the country?  In the lower grades?  The teachers barely know English themselves.  It will be another generation before grade school teachers can really teach in the language.”
I get that.  So, at each house I do basic introductions in English, say a few nice things about the house, speak slowly, and then basically back out of the way while Martin and they speak their own language.  It works.
Big question after the last house?  Anyone seem upset about more wells in the area?  Martin thinks not.  He has lived in this street for a dozen years.  He thinks he can tell what people are really thinking.
So, off we go to speak with the San.  They have their own section of town.  Not too distant, but back among a few trees and open fields.  Maybe more natural.  Definitely separate.  Just about fifty yards from the rest of the town, but it feels different.
First, the building.  There is just one.  Have you ever driven into an older town and they have a motel that consists of one long, low building?  Maybe a dozen rooms?  That’s the closest approximation I can make to how the San are housed, but with concrete walls, and a bit of a concrete apron out front.  I didn’t count doors, but roughly a dozen.  Close together.  These were narrow spaces.  No parking lot here.  No cars.  A dirt road went past some distance from the building.  Everything else was just trees and grass.  We were looking at a long concrete building plunked down in a field.
Martin’s visit approach was different.  We didn’t go knocking on doors.  He just stood out in that field maybe twenty or thirty yards from the building.  We just stood and waited.  Within a few minutes people started coming over to us.  Smaller people, big smiles.  Quick to shake hands and talk.  Clicks.  That’s mostly what I heard.  Clicks and words.  Obviously I didn’t understand any of it.  But we stood for about twenty minutes.  I smiled.  Martin spoke.  Eight or ten adults came over and stood with us.  The smiles and clicks never stopped.
Twenty minutes later we walked back through the woods to Martin’s house.  What had we learned?
“I think I understand about half of what they say, and I am guessing they get about half of my words.  So mostly we are trying to read each other’s faces.  They start with smiles.  They make a real effort to be friendly.  But if they are upset, they will let you know.  I didn’t see that.  I didn’t hear that.  If they are upset about us being out in the desert, I am not seeing it.”
“But someone punched a hole in that gas tank.”
“Yes.”
I waited for him to elaborate, but he didn’t.  I assume he couldn’t.  He had done his checks and found no suspects.  So now what?  Pay more attention to the trucks and keep pounding wells.  We walked back to the house, talked to Inge, and had some quiet time.  I was in bed pretty quickly after dinner.
Day 2?  Martin and I updated our records and he wrote the first draft of our report to the ministry.  He had good news.  We had wells in and were finding good water.  He also included several paragraphs praising the work of Shipanga and his crew.  Impression he wanted to leave?  Work was getting done, our technology seemed to fit the task, and the team was still cohesive.  The kind of report the ministry would appreciate.
Now that the report was written, there was nothing he could do with it.  No cell towers or land lines in the desert.  So, it would wait to be submitted when we got back to Grootfontein.  But it was written and ready to go.  One less thing to do later.  
The rest of the day?  Eating, talking, laundry.
Shipanga arrived just before dark and reinstalled his gas tank.  Not a happy man, but at least he didn’t scream at anyone.  Come morning, we would be ready to get back on the road.
Chapter 15
A Trophy

We had a huge breakfast the next morning.  Pancakes.  All of us ate like pigs.  Martin showed Shipanga the report to the ministry and got a head nod in response.  I helped Inge with the dishes and with the reloading of the caravan.
Our objective for the day was to keep moving west.  We had six more wells to pound between Tsumkwe and Grootfontein.  All would be along the gravel road.  Our first would be on the edge of town.  There were already eight residential wells in the town.  Our monitoring well would help us see seasonal fluctuations in the aquifer, and show us if the amounts of water being taken by the town had any influence.  Shipanga got set up fast, and quickly pushed down over fifty feet.  It would be one of our more important wells.
The next five?  Since we were able to drive on the gravel road rather than through the bush, we made good time.  Martin measured out the twenty kilometers we wanted between wells, checked the gps, and then had us drive maybe a hundred feet off the road to put in the next well.  We moved fast and got two more wells done the first day.
The second day we had a problem.  Not with the wells.  We got one well down, and had driven to the next site, when we heard a shot.  Then two more. 
We had driven a short distance north of the gravel road.  The shots seemed to be coming from the south.  Maybe a short distance the other side of the road.  We had rifles with us.  Well, everyone who wasn’t me had a rifle.  All the rifles came out from storage.  We stood, we listened.  All rifles were checked.  Loaded, safeties on.  Held across the chest, barrels pointed straight down.  Inge too.
A short conversation.  In Oshivambo.  Then movement. Toward the shots.  I’m attempting to understand what is going on.  Hunting?  Distress?  A lion attack?  Hyenas in a pack?  I stay with the group, pushing through the grass and bushes, making sure I keep Inge in sight.
Our trucks had knocked down grass and bushes.  Now we followed that path back to the road.  Another pause.  Everyone is looking up and down the road.  We hear a cheer.  Female.  One woman for sure.  Maybe two.  Down the road to the right.  Off we go again, tramping along the gravel until we see tracks through the brush on the other side.  We aren’t the only trucks in the Kalahari.
We follow those ruts, walking single file.  I am last, but never more than three feet from Inge.  There is a grove of trees maybe two hundred yards off the road.  The ruts are headed straight for them.  And we hear another cheer.  Female.  “Wohoo.”  I’m thinking sorority girls lost on the way to Cancun.
Oddly, I think I was right.  We came around a curve and there was some kind of safari vehicle.  Open top, seating for six or eight, high ground clearance.  Just the other side are five people and one dead giraffe.  People?  Three men, two women.  One man is older, grayer, and stouter.  The other four are couples.  Early thirties.  Short sleeves, short pants, high socks over new boots.  The men are standing on this side of the giraffe, the women on the far side.
Did I mention the giraffe was dead?  The women are posing while their men take pictures.  We hear one more “Wohoo” and see a woman with her arms stretched out, a look of triumph on her face.  She has just won the Nobel Prize, or a wet t-shirt contest.  She sees us and smiles even broader.  More witnesses of her accomplishment.
Martin and the older guy talk.  Afrikaans.  There are some papers in the vehicle and both men stand and read them.  The two husbands stare, the two women wave.
“I shot him.”  The Wohoo woman points at a rifle she had leaned against the giraffe.  She seems to be bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet.  
“Why?”  Yes, I actually asked that.
Wohoo cocks her head.  She isn’t sure she heard right.  One of the men answers for her.
“We have permits.”  He points to the truck and the papers Martin is reviewing with the guy who has to be their guide.
“That’s not what I asked.”  Yes, I pushed them.  But the giraffe, well, it was huge, and I thought beautiful, and now it was just this carcass lying beneath the trees.  One minute it had been eating leaves, the next it was dead.  
“We have permits.”  The husband points toward the truck as if I was too stupid to understand him the first time.  Husband number two says “Fucking liberals.”  Wohoo decides she can handle this herself.
“He’s my trophy.”
“Do you plan to take him home with you?”
Long pause.  “Maybe the head.”
“Take a few leaves with you so you can show what he was doing when you killed him.”
Inge decided it was time for us to leave.  She took my hand and pulled me back toward the road.  I heard Wohoo getting in a final shout.  “We have a permit, bitch.”
I don’t normally like being called a bitch, but I did like what I heard in her voice.  She had stopped celebrating.  Now she was justifying what she had done.  Different voice.  I had spoiled the party.  Good for me.
The men were a few minutes behind us.  Martin and Shipanga were moving fast.  They went straight to the trucks and raised the tower so they could pound pipe.  Martin explained things to me.
“We need to do this well, and then get to the next site before dark.  The giraffe carcass will draw carrion eaters.  Maybe lions, certainly a pack of hyenas.  It will not be safe for us to be this close.”
Shipanga shouted at his men, and raced through the work.  He pounded the minimum forty feet and pumped water for no more than five minutes.  It was the dirtiest sample we drew our whole time in the desert.  I barely had the depth gauge pulled out when he capped the well and loaded up his truck.  We were twenty kilometers west by dark.
Did we talk around the campfire that night?  Sure.  I led off.  Inge barely had plates in our hands when I got things started.
“Where I come from, every November half a million men shoot over a hundred thousand deer.  I understand hunting.”
“It is okay to kill your wild animals, but not ours?”  Shipanga hadn’t argued with me in several days.  He wasn’t going to pass up this chance.
“I don’t know the rules here, but let me take a guess.  There may be hunting for money.  The government gets license fees, guides get income, restaurants and hotels get customers.  And there may be ecological reasons.  For some reason the herds are out of balance, the giraffes are stripping too many trees, hunters need to thin the herd.  I get all that.”
“But you still don’t want to see our pretty African animals killed.”  
I really disliked that man.  The campfire made it worse.  He was leering at me, and the glow from the campfire highlighted parts of his face, making his leer even more, well, leery.  I so wanted to come across the space between us and slap that cocksure face.
“If they have to be killed, they have to be killed.  But you don’t stand over a beautiful animal and celebrate its death.”
“I agree with Mrs. Gruber on that.”  Martin and Inge were sitting between me and Shipanga.  I suppose they both had expected us to argue.  They were going to separate us.  But now it was Martin getting involved. 
“I checked their permits.  They paid their fees.  Four days of hunting allowed.  They will be in and out of the country in less than a week.  We will get some money.  They will check a box on their bucket list.  It is a fair trade.  Still, you don’t celebrate death.” 
Nice thing about Martin.  When he talked, people listened.  Even Shipanga.  And, yes, even me.  We finished our meal, and said no more about the hunters.  
The next day?  No shooting, no silly people, and only one well to pound before we returned to Grootfontein.  Back to the land of restaurants, beds, and cell phone coverage.  That last well went down without a hitch, and we made it to Grootfontein mid-afternoon.  
What can I say about the place?  Like I said before.  Small town, two gas stations, three motels, three restaurants.  Really just a village.  But somehow it felt like returning to civilization.  Our phones worked.  We had been gone a total of ten days, but it felt so much longer.  But it felt like we had accomplished something.  And we had.  True, we had only pounded twenty wells.  Seventy to go.  But we had successfully pounded twenty wells.  We had proven the concept.  We had been to the east end of the Kalahari and back.  I had seen giraffes and peed in the bush without being eaten.  I was pretty proud of myself.
We split up almost immediately after we got to town.  Martin dropped me at a motel, then he and Inge did some shopping and drove back to Tsumkwe and home.  Shipanga and his guys dealt with his trucks.  His flatbed was empty.  We had used all his pipe.  He and his guys took the empty truck back to Windhoek for another load.
Me, I carried my bag into paradise.  It was a small hotel, and looked well used, but it had beds, and showers, and a restaurant.  My evening was set.
And then it wasn’t.  As I stood at the registration counter filling in the usual forms, I looked out into the side parking lot.  You can guess what I found.  Yup.  Open top safari truck with seating for six or eight.  Only this time I was pretty sure it seated five.  Wohoo and her friends were in my hotel.  Suddenly I felt very alone.
My response?  I set my priorities.  Two weeks without a shower.  (Yes, I had taken a shower at Inge’s house, but I had kept my shower reasonable to save water for the others.)  Two weeks in a desert plowing through sand and dirt and gravel.  Two weeks with layers of dirt on my skin and pounds of “stuff” in my hair.  I was in my room and in my shower as fast as I could unlace my boots.  And I stayed in the shower.  No reasons to rush.  The hot water disappeared pretty fast, but cold water was better than no water.  I washed my hair three times and the rest of me twice.  I was half blinded by all the stuff pouring off my forehead and into my eyes, but, well, I didn’t care.  I was clean.
Next priority?  Food.  Inge was a good cook, but she had been making camp meals.  She had limits of ingredients and heating sources.  I acknowledge all the hard work she did.  But.  I was ready for a big meal.  I was ready for lemonade.  A cheeseburger.  Maybe a glass of wine.  I walked in unlaced boots to the hotel restaurant, anticipating heaven.  And I found it.
Yes, it was about as fancy as a Denny’s, and smelled slightly of old grease, but my waitress was friendly and fast.  And, the menu had ostrich burgers!  The lemonade cleaned my throat, and a glass of wine settled me back in my seat.  I was ready.  And then, there it was, big as a plate - a monster-sized ostrich burger.  Look at me – working in Africa, my hands wrapped around local food (yes, it was somewhat dry and chewy, but that’s not the point – it was ostrich!).
Then Wohoo arrived, and took the chair opposite me.  I had been right in my initial appraisal of her.  Early thirties.  Still wearing a short sleeved shirt and short pants.  But clean.  She had been back from killing wildlife long enough to clean up and change.  She didn’t say anything at first.  She looked at me.  I looked at her, my mouth still full of ground ostrich.  Something in her face.  Maybe the hair.  She looked, well, “shopworn.”  It was around her eyes, and the frizz in her hair.  I saw struggles.  Maybe too many kids? 
She waited.  I wondered if she expected me to say something first.  But really.  I had taken a huge bite of my burger.  As it turned out, she did finally speak, but I guess she needed to set herself first.
“They call my husband ‘Twinkie.’  He doesn’t know I know that.  But I was in a store one day, down a couple aisles, and I heard the manager talking to him.  ‘Twinkie, I had a customer bring back a cup cake.  Said it was bad.’  No argument from my husband.  He promised a credit on the bill.  And he went back to filling a display.
“That’s what my husband does for a living.  He drives a panel truck and takes around snack foods for a distributor.  Ten hour days, twelve hour days, he brings in cartons of ho-hos and ding-dongs and ten other kinds of sweet crap.  He checks the expiration on the current shelves, takes off the old, puts on the new, and drives to the next grocery or gas station.  All over Springfield, Illinois.
“Last fall, the driver in the next route got sick.  Jake took his route as well as his own for five months.  With the two routes temporarily combined, he set a new sales record.  He only slept four or five hours a night for those months, but he set a sales record.  His reward?  An African safari.  Him, his wife, his regional manager, and his wife.  Four of us on a plane for the first time in our lives, using passports for the first time in our lives, arriving in Africa, a guide waiting for us.  A hunting guide.  For our six night, seven day safari.
“The guide gave us rifles and took us to where we could shoot things.  My husband shot a warthog.  His boss shot a hyena.  They lined me up on a giraffe.  Big, standing still, an easy kill.  I shot it.  And I cheered while they took pictures of me and my giraffe.  I didn’t cheer because I killed the giraffe.  I wanted to cry.  He was beautiful.  But I cheered for my husband.  I wanted him to see I was happy.  I wanted him to see he had done something great for me.  He had taken me to Africa to do something only rich people do.  Twinkie had been a success.”
Ostrich meat is pretty dry.  I had trouble getting that mouthful down.  When I finally did, I said the obvious.
“I’m sorry.”
“You ruined what should have been the highlight of the trip.”
“Yes, I can see that.”
There didn’t seem to be much more to say.  She sat with me a few more minutes, then left.  About ten minutes later, she was back, this time with her husband and the boss couple.  I got the evil eye as they walked past, but they didn’t say anything.  They found a table about as far from me as they could find, and ordered their dinner.
I finished my meal and then walked to their table.
“I am here to apologize.  One of the men I was with yesterday is the ag agent for the region.  He said there has been a recent overpopulation of giraffes, and they were stripping so many leaves from the area trees, the trees might not be able to survive the coming summer.  It was important to harvest a large giraffe like the one you took.  He also complimented your shooting.”  I looked over at Wohoo.  “He pointed out giraffes are huge, and many hunters miss vitals.  They often take multiple shots to put one down, and of course the animals are in pain as that occurs.  Your shooting was excellent.  I can see why you were celebrating.”
Did we now become friends?  No.  They didn’t invite me to sit with them, and they still looked at me like I had farted at their party.  There was just a brief response.
“What were you people doing out there?”  This from Jake, who by the way, didn’t look the least like he should be called Twinkie.
“We are putting down test wells.  It is a government project to monitor the water table, see how deep the underground water is, and how much it changes over the year.”
“Which of the men are you sleeping with?”  Jake’s boss wanted to know.
“None of them.”
“Good.  I thought you might be a race traitor.”  Jake’s boss said it, but Jake nodded agreement.
And that did it for me.  Response?  None.  Maybe I should have, but I didn’t.  I turned and left.  Back in my room, I stretched out on a very soft bed and wondered about my species.  Here was a guy who worked his ass off for his family.  Wanted to make his wife happy.  A man with significant virtues.  And a racist.  Humans have defects.  Inconsistencies.  And they confuse the hell out of me.



Chapter 16
More Wells

We got a late start the next morning.  Shipanga had brought up another load of pipe, and Martin and Inge were back from Tsumkwe.  We met in the hotel restaurant and ate about a thousand pancakes.
Before we drove back into the Kalahari I texted my daughters.  Two bars.  I could up load text easily and pictures if I was patient.  Not enough bandwidth for video, but it could wait.  For now I wanted the girls to know I was safe, and for them to see my giraffe pictures.  Inge had used my phone to take pictures of me around the campsite and around the trucks as the wells were pounded.  She had me pulling up my measuring cord, looking very serious in my work clothes and hat, looking down the pipes.  I sent all of those images home.  I smiled as I hit Send.  Here is your mother in Africa – the Kalahari no less – doing real work.  And of course I am thinking to myself – not bad for a bartender from Amberg.  I was one proud lady.
I never saw Wohoo again.  The open top truck was gone when we left the motel.  Maybe out hunting, maybe already on a plane back to Springfield.  I promised myself I would steer clear of any other hunters we might see.
By nine that morning, we were off again.  We gassed up all three trucks and bought almost all the water the little store in Grootfontein had.  Then it was back to the Kalahari.
Our wells would now be south of Grootfontein, and parallel to the gravel road we had used in the past.  No roads from now on – just straight drives east through the bush.  We took the highway south for fifty kilometers, and then turned left.  Into the bush we went, Martin pushing through tall grass and thorn bushes.
Let me summarize the next ten days, because they weren’t all that different than the first ten days.  The landscape was pretty similar.  After all we were just fifty kilometers farther south.  We saw grass, thorns (every time I walked even five steps into the bush I ended up with thorns in my pants), a few trees.  Add a few dips in the terrain, a couple dry creek beds, a few ant hills seven or eight feet tall.  In short, the scenery didn’t change much from what we had seen in our first loop.
And I can’t say that we changed much.  The wells went in pretty much as before.  They all went at least forty feet deep, and Martin asked for several to go down fifty (what he actually wanted was 15 to 17 meters.  I am doing my best translating from European to US measuring.  Did I mention life might be simpler if we could agree on how to measure things?)  Shipanga and his guys did a great job.  The pipe went in, we pumped water out, I got a measurement of the depth and a water sample.  We capped the pipe and moved on.
Somewhere in there though, it stopped being fun.  Maybe it was the heat.  Now it was early October, certainly not summer yet, but pretty late in the spring and the temps just kept rising.  The trucks all had thermometers (the trucks also were painted white, your first sign that the sun creates issues).  Being local trucks, not only were the steering wheels on the wrong side of the cab, but the temperatures were centigrade.  I can do the conversion to Fahrenheit if I have to, but in general I knew 20-30 is about where you want to be.  Over thirty is hot, and forty will melt you where you stand.  Midway through this loop, we were seeing temps get far too close to forty.
And I wondered if we got a little bored.  The fortieth well is a lot like the thirtieth, and that one is a lot like the twentieth.  A stack of pipe is a stack of pipe.  We pounded pipe first thing in the morning, had breakfast sitting on canvas chairs (Inge tried a few new things, but basically it was oatmeal every morning), finished that well, drove to the next location, had lunch, put in well number two, drove to the next location and camped for the night.  It got hot, we got bored, we were tired.
Ten days later we had been almost all the way to Botswana, did our turn, and put in pipe all the way back to the highway.  Ten days, twenty wells, sweat, dust, fatigue.  This time when we got back to Grootfontein, it felt like we had been gone a month.  We got to our motel rooms, showered, napped, and emerged for a late, quiet dinner.  I sent the girls a short text – “Back in Grootfontein.  Twenty more wells in.  I am fine.”  Then I sat with the others and drank one beer for every two glasses of water.
Martin is a great project manager.  And I am sure he was just as hot and tired as the rest of us.  Midway through dinner he announced he had reserved all our rooms for a second night.  And tomorrow?  Sleep late, take at least two showers, and eat at multiple restaurants.  It was our day off.
I won’t tell you how late I slept, but it was late.  I had a mattress, I had sheets, I loved that bed.  When I finally got up, I had a quick meal (lunch), and then poked around in the local shops.  Souvenirs of the Kalahari?  Some ostrich eggs that had intricate carvings (two of them broke before I got them home), and small bottles filled with colored sands that were arranged to show landscapes, vegetation, even houses.  How do you push sand around inside a bottle to make such scenes?  I have no idea.  But they were interesting, local, and came in a good size to get in a suitcase.  I bought a dozen.
Dinner that night was more pleasant.  We were all rested, and we had tales to tell about how we had spent our day (Shipanga and his guys had spent the day watching some soccer match, Martin and Inge had taken a quick drive back to Tsumkwe to check on the house).  We drank fewer beers and more water, probably a sign we were getting prepared to go back to work.



Chapter 17
The Final Fifty

We had now spent over three weeks in the desert.  It was still interesting, but, it was also work.  The adventure was over.  I did hear a lion one night, but I spent most evenings carefully pulling thorns out of my pants.  I saw another group of giraffes, but I only took one picture.  I regret that now, but at the time, it seemed like a fair amount of work to walk the ten or fifteen steps I would have needed to take a more interesting picture.  I suppose every tourist has a similar story.
The wells?  We had expected them to be tougher as we went farther south, and they were.  The ground was higher and drier.  We found places where no grass would grow.  Salt pans.  Martin measured off the kilometers and we put in wells where he said, even in places that looked pretty forbidding.  We never got another well down to fifty feet.  There were places where we couldn’t get thirty.  I was still finding water at fifteen to eighteen feet, but we had to wonder what might be there by the end of summer.
That middle loop – wells forty one to sixty – was no fun.  We worked, we sweated, we ate the same food day after day, and tried to sleep in a caravan that was hot until after midnight.  What kept us going?  We could count.  Martin, being a great leader, had a small celebration when we completed well 45.  He didn’t have beer along, but he did have room temperature lemonade.  We each had a glass, and Inge cut up a small cake that wasn’t all that stale yet.  It felt good to think back on our progress.  And to be honest, it also felt good that we would be done with all this in a few more weeks.
Martin also did something else pretty cool after well 50.  We were now well east, really just a few miles from Botswana.  We finished the well about mid-afternoon, and normally we would just drive south the fifty kilometers we normally drove, and then set up for well 51 and the next row.  Things started that way, but about ten kilometers south, he veered left while Shipango and his guys kept going straight.
“I can’t promise you lions, but I know where to find elephants.”
Now he had my interest.  It was a hot afternoon, and I admit I had been dozing in the backseat.  I had seen all the grass and thorn bushes I needed to see.  Now, suddenly I was up, leaning forward, watching out the windshield.  Elephants?
“There’s a water hole up ahead that lasts through most of the year.  If there are no elephants there now, there will be by sunset.”
We bounced, the trailer bounced, I held onto the front seat, fingers crossed.  Elephants.  We drove about half an hour, and there they were.  Four real, live elephants standing in a pool of water.  I would guess the pool was maybe four feet deep, and round, like a saucer.  There were a few trees around it, but much of the area was open grass land.  We drove within about fifty yards and stopped.
“If they want us gone, we will get three warnings.  If they look at us and flap their ears, we are in trouble.  If they trumpet, we are in bigger trouble.  If they make any movement in our direction, we need to hit the road fast.  By the way, they can move much faster than we can, and if they want, they can crush this truck.”
“Thank you.”  
What else could I say?  Inge and I had been sitting in the back seat.  We both quickly got out and moved to the front seat.  So far, no ears moving that I could see.  What did I see?  Four elephants standing in the water – drinking and shitting.  Seriously.  They were drinking the same water they were shitting in.  My appreciation for elephants dropped pretty fast.
Then things got dramatic.  Two rhinos came out from the trees and stood by the edge of the water.  The elephants slowly moved out of the water and stood on the opposite edge.  Then nothing.  They stared at each other (I think.  It’s not like either have large eyes, and we were fifty yards off, but it sure looked like they were doing some kind of stare-down).  This went on and on.  The sun was getting pretty low, and Martin turned his headlights on as well as the light bar he had above the cab.  I thought maybe the elephants and rhinos might move off, but they didn’t seem to pay any attention to our lights.
Now I’m thinking, I’ve seen this movie.  Two gunfighters on main street.  A tumble weed blows past, dust swirls on the street, women and children peer out of windows.  One or the other is going to “slap leather” just as the music reaches a high point.  I’m watching the elephants.  If their ears move, I think they may charge.
But it doesn’t go that way.  Out of the darkness comes a huge bull elephant.  It is trumpeting as it charges.  There have to be ten other elephants right behind it.  It is running full out, straight at the rhinos.  Oh oh, so is it tusk versus rhino horn?  Nope.  The rhinos suddenly rise up on their legs and turn, running off into the bush as if they were white tailed deer.  Cowards.  But fast cowards.  They were gone in an instant.  And the bull elephant?  He just kept coming.  We could feel the ground shake.  And then he looked a little silly.  He was trying to hit the brakes, but he ran past where the rhinos were, finally stopping twenty or thirty feet past them.
Now what?  Now we’ve got a dozen or so elephants standing around the edge of the water.  Maybe they are catching their breath.  I don’t know.  Finally a few step into the water and go back to drinking and shitting.  The gun fight is over.  
We sat and watched for maybe half an hour, then started driving to wherever Shipango had set up.  Once we saw his tracks in the grass, it wasn’t too much work to find his trucks, even in the dark.  And me?  Even after bouncing around in the truck for three hours, I had a smile that lasted for days.  I had seen elephants – and, I had seen a kick ass fight with rhinos.  I had an Africa story few could beat.  Wait until I tell the kids and grandkids.  
Well 51?  Just like all the others – a link in a chain of wells that led back west.  After well 60, we drove back to Grootfontein, and this time Martin gave us a three day weekend.  Did I mention he was my nominee for project manager of the year?  I spent the first day in my room, mostly in bed, but often in the shower.  I paid more attention to my hair than I had in a month.  My texts to the girls?  Mostly a progress report.  Sixty wells done.  And then, being as subtle as I can (not one of my strengths), I waited until the end of the message to say, “by the way, rhinos are wimps.  I saw an elephant scare off a pair.”  Let them chew on that until they saw me next.  Grandma has a story to tell, just wait.
So, with clean hair and a great story, I lounged around Grootfontein.  Truth be told, I was already counting down the days to the end of the project.  Thirty wells to go.  If we stayed on tract, it would not be much over two more weeks in the desert.  If we stayed on track.
Three days later, we were back in the desert.  And those thirty wells?  We did them all without a break.  Martin and Inge drove the caravan down to Windhoek to restock (we were now closer to Windhoek than Grootfontein), and Shipanga sent a truck down to Windhoek for more pipe.  But the rest of us just kept putting pipe in the ground.  Temperatures were up, the ground was more often bare, we found several locations where we couldn’t even get thirty feet down.
But in fifteen days we put in thirty wells.  Maybe that’s a record.  I don’t know.  I do know that for the last eight or ten we were smiling pretty much the whole day.  Our time in the desert was ending.  Our job was done, and it had been done well.  We might be cut up by thorns and burned by the sun, but we had put ninety wells in the Kalahari.  
It was one of the final nights when Shipanga and I finally came to terms.  We were seated around the world’s smallest campfire.  There was brush around us, but no trees, and the brush was skinny and dry.  One of Shipanga’s assistants gathered up a pile, but each branch we tossed in the fire almost instantly became a flash then a puff of smoke, and it was gone.  We didn’t need the warmth, we had plenty of that.  But a little light would have been nice.  What we got was a few embers.
So, we sat in the dark.  Maybe that’s why Shipanga was finally willing to talk to me.  His guys had gone off to bed, and Inge had gone off with Martin.  This was one of those nights where Inge sort of gave me a look and tapped me on the shoulder, meaning that she and Martin wanted a little privacy.  It was cute, really.  The caravan was no more than ten feet away, and we could see it rocking, but at least it was rocking with me on the outside, not sleeping three of four feet away.
But, back to Shipanga.  We were sitting opposite each other, staring down at tiny embers.  Being him, he didn’t build to a point, or carefully introduce his topic, he just jumped into it with both feet.
“We don’t know what to do with white people.”
I challenge you.  What could you say in response?  I couldn’t think of a word.  So, he just paused, and then kept going.
“The Germans live on farms their great grandfathers took from the Hereros.  How many Hereros did they kill?  Almost all of them.  Thousands.  A century passes.  Now we rule.  Do we take the land back from the Germans?  Pay them for it?  Let them stay?”
His face is damn near invisible across that pathetic campfire.  I can’t see his face, so I concentrate on his voice.  I don’t hear anger.  Well, not much.  Mostly he sounds like a man working his way through a problem.
“Martin’s grandfather lost his house in Windhoek.  The South Africans took it.  Martin drives past it sometimes.  Should he just drive in and demand it back?  It’s probably had five or six owners in the last fifty years.  Shouldn’t the real owner be Martin?”
“Samuel, you know I can’t possibly answer your questions.  Why are you asking?”
There was a long silence.  We had run out of branches to throw into the fire, and the embers were edging from red to gray.  It was really dark out there.  And completely still.
“Jessica, the work you did, you did well.  It was hot, and it was dry.  It was dusty and dirty.  You did the same work as the rest of us.  But, we will not be friends.”
“No, we will not be friends.  But I am proud I have known you, and proud of what we accomplished.  I will tell people about the work you did.  I think it was important.”
“Good.  The work will be our bond.”
I saw motion over the embers.  His hand reaching out to me.  We shook hands.  Our work was our bond.  Fine.  I could accept that.  Our handshake was brief.  Then he was off to his tent, and I clipped into the trailer.  It had stopped rocking.
It was two days later when the last well was capped and painted.  Shipanga and I shook hands.  Martin and Inge and I hugged.  None of us smelled very good.  All of us had a layer of dirt across our faces.  I felt like my shirt was glued to my body by sweat.  All of us had seen all of the Kalahari that we wanted to see for a while.
Our last moves?  We loaded up the trucks and pushed across another ten kilometers of grass and brush.  We were at five thousand feet of elevation and the sun was a glare in the sky.  Enough.  All we wanted was the highway and a quick trip back to Windhoek.
It took us about an hour bouncing across the desert to reach the road, then four hours on the highway, but we were on a highway.  Asphalt, smooth road, a hundred kilometers an hour.  Back to Windhoek.  Shipanga and his guys took their trucks back to his warehouse.  Martin drove me to my hotel – the Kalahari Sands.  I walked into that huge air conditioned lobby thinking – I bet I know more about the Kalahari than anyone working here.  Yes, I was pretty smug about it, but I had done two months in the desert.  I stood in the registration line covered with dirt and sweat, and yes, I didn’t smell all that good, but I had done over sixty days in the desert.  I wore that dirt and sweat with pride.



Chapter 18
No Project is Over until the Paperwork is Done

I had a hotel suite.  I had a huge bed.  I had a shower with endless hot water.  I had air conditioning.  I had clean clothes.  And, I only had one thing left to do before I could get back to Bern, and back to my castle.  Paperwork.  We needed to do a final report for the ministry - a written report and a final presentation to the minister and his deputies.  I could do that.  After all, I had a hotel suite, a huge bed, a shower, clean clothes, air conditioning…  I was feeling pretty good.
Martin and Inge met me at the hotel for dinner.  The food was great, I had a second glass of wine, Inge and I were both wearing dresses again after weeks of heavy pants.  Most of the evening was casual conversation.  They were as pleased with the project – and as pleased to be done pounding wells – as I was.  We had succeeded.  It felt like there should be a large sign on our table – “Winners.”  We certainly sat like winners.  Lots of smiles, shoulders back and heads high.
Martin did spend a few minutes outlining the days ahead.  Tomorrow we would be off.  Inge immediately suggested a salon we could use.  If anyone’s hair needed some salon care, it was mine.  So we set a time to meet.  After that?  Two days at the ministry to write the report, one day to do PowerPoint slides for the presentation.  We were scheduled to present Friday at 2.  Fine.  With luck, by Saturday I would be headed back to my castle in Bern.  
Those final days in Windhoek?  I think I can summarize them pretty fast.  We had a good start, then a rough patch, then a good ending.  The salon day?  It was perfect. The salon?  First rate.  They washed out the last of the sand and dust, and gave my hair some sheen.  Inge also suggested I let them try to deal with my dry skin.  I think they over did the moisturizer and the makeup, but she said I looked five years younger.  Okay.  For that, I was happy to hand over my credit card.
Inge also took me dress shopping.  I only had three with me, and she thought they were dull.  It was Africa.  I should be wearing brighter colors.  I bought four cotton dresses, each with more vivid prints than the last.  Not sure how well they would go over back in Bern, but I thought they might add some color to the castle.
The report writing?  We worked in that shabby meeting room in the ministry, a room that seemed to have gotten even dirtier in our absence.   But the writing was pretty simple.  We had been keeping careful notes as we put in each well, so we had all of that in an appendix.  The report itself was four pages with a statement of the project goals, a timeline, a summary of outcomes, and a reminder that the project would continue with quarterly monitoring of the wells to be reported annually to the ministry.  
Simple stuff.  Except.  There was a political element to the report as well.  Actually two elements.  One was simple – praise.  Shipanga got a full paragraph describing his skills, his efforts, and his results.  He had done a damn fine job, and I was happy to see that paragraph included.  Next – some praise for the ministry.  Yes, we were basically sucking up.  But there was some basic truth to what we said – knowledge gained from the project would help the ministry plan future developments in the region, and help the nation better understand its water resources during a time of anticipated climate change.
But that led to the issue that mattered.  There was water.  We had found it.  It would take time to determine how the aquifer changed through the seasons, but no question, there was water.  Who got that water?
We spent a day debating that question.  Good thing we were working in that dirty conference room off in a corner of the building, because we got loud.  Even Martin.  Shipanga started it.  He said he had already spoken to several people and they agreed with him.  The land should be used as reparations.  Thousands of Hereros had been killed by the Germans when their land had been taken.  Now, a century later, the surviving Hereros should be given plots in the Kalahari.  They would finally have their farms again.
Martin was as loud and as forceful as I have ever seen him.  The land should stay with the San.  They were entitled to reparations too.  The South African army had taken their men and used them as trackers when invading Angola in the 1980s.  The few men who survived came home addicted to alcohol.  The land should be preserved for them and their families.
I, well, I should have kept my mouth shut.  But I didn’t.  I pointed out the Kalahari was as much in Botswana as Namibia, so they should have some say in how the land is used.  I also pointed out that severe water shortages were predicted as the planet warmed, so it might be best to just preserve the water as a reserve for the tough times ahead.
Shipanga practically jumped down my throat.
“Yes, leave the water in the ground, unused, so a Swiss company can come in, pump it, put it in plastic bottles, and sell our water back to us.”
Maybe we had been out in the sun too much, and I am sure we were still tired from putting in all those wells.  But excuses aside, the meeting was loud and kept getting louder.  And completely unproductive.  Our solution?  We cut that section out of the report.  No recommendations on uses of the water.  We left that to the ministry and to the legislature.  That let us finish our report before midnight, but it also showed us a side of the project we had ignored.  Yes, there was water.  Water is a resource.  Who gets control of that resource?  
Shipanga had already discussed the situation with some people.  You could bet he wasn’t the only one.  We would present a report filled with numbers.  Those numbers would quickly become fodder for political debates that might last for years.  I suddenly felt diminished.  We had done a job, but our job was just a small part of a much larger project.  I left that conference room humbled. 
The next day we were back at it.  Our written report done, it was PowerPoint time.  We would do an oral presentation to ministry staff.  Shipanga seemed a changed man as he prepared for his time in the limelight.  The man owned a suit.  We set up the slides showing lots of pictures of us working in the field.  Most of the slides showed him in the midst of his equipment.  We had been allotted sixty minutes for the presentation.  We gave Shipango half that to describe his methods, his equipment, and his progress.  Basically we were giving him half an hour to advertise his company, but I had no objection to that.  Companies need to advertise.  We certainly weren’t shy about advertising Naturale.
Martin would do the open, close, and Q&A.  Shipanga got the middle.  Me?  I got three slides, all maps, as I described what we were currently guessing about the nature of the aquifer.  Lots of smiles, lots of hopeful comments about the water supply, congratulations to the ministry for making the effort to conduct the research, a few words of caution about the need to monitor carefully over future years.  Maybe five minutes.  But I was fine with that.
We practiced our presentations twice, mostly checking for time (Shipanga was going to be a problem), and cutting slides wherever we could.  The second rehearsal went pretty well.  We took our USB drives and laptops and went to dinner.  Inge and Shipanga’s men joined us.  It was likely to be our last time together, our last chance to tell stories about this well, or that ant hill, or the thorn bush that had done the most damage.  So we went to a very nice restaurant, had a few drinks, smiled, and talked.  Two hours went by pretty fast.  And yes, Shipanga smiled three times.  I counted.
The presentation?  We practiced again in the morning, got a quick lunch, then set up in the main presentation room.  We had a bit of a stage with a microphone and wiring off to a larger projector.  Minister Murang and his main guys sat at tables, note pads in front of them.  Behind them were seats for several dozen lower ranking employees.  
In the far corner I saw a face I knew – Elsa.  Blond, beautiful, and smiling at me.  Keep your chocolate boxes and flowers.  You want to see love – I was seeing it sitting in the back row.  She had driven two days to support me.  Next to her was a woman of similar age.  Vaguely familiar.  I couldn’t place her, but I didn’t have time to think much about it.  This was our moment to describe the Kalahari water project to the world.
The presentation went long, but not too long.  There were lots of questions, most fielded by Martin, but Shipanga took a couple, and I took two as well.  For the final act, Martin walked to Murang with our written report, holding it in both hands and handing it over formally.  It seemed a nice gesture.  Murang responded by thanking all of us and leading a lengthy round of applause.  And that was it.  We were done.
There were lots of handshakes, and final comments between Shipanga and Martin and me as we packed up our gear (yes, Shipanga shook my hand and even showed a brief smile), but slowly the room cleared, and I was able to get to Elsa.  She said all the right things.  I was impressive, enlightening, brilliant, et cetera, et cetera.  Funny, but after completing that project, I felt at odds about it.  We had worked hard.  We had gathered useful information.  Everyone was happy.  But how long would they be happy?  I wondered what conversations were already taking place around the ministry.  There was water under the Kalahari.  So now we could…  How was that sentence being completed?  
Drinks and dinner?  Elsa needed time with Mirang and two other ministers.  I would hear from her soon.  She had some ideas.  In the meantime… Elsa looked towards the other woman.  For some reason she was standing a bit apart.  Middle age, average height, average appearance, gray suit with a silk blouse.  Narrowest hips I had ever seen on a woman.  Looked like a banker to me.  But Elsa didn’t introduce us.  
Instead she said, “She’s one of yours.”
Oh?  Someone from Bern?  I gave her a longer look.  Finally placed her.  Company lawyer.  Renee something.  Why would she be here in Africa?  Odd.  Quick hug with Elsa, and then she was off to her ministers, and I was left with the lawyer from Bern.


Chapter 19
I Get Fired

“I am pleased to see you again.”  
Her hand was out, but this was not a lady who looked pleased.  Maybe it was the long flight.  Maybe she was socially uncomfortable.  Maybe she was just as confused as I was.  Why was she here?  What did she need from me that couldn’t wait until I got to Bern in two or three days?
“Yes.”  My hand went out just as hands always do.  “You were Emil’s attorney, correct?  Renee…”
“Renee Trudeaux.  I am pleased you remembered.  Marvelous presentation, by the way.”
She was attempting a pleasant smile, and saying all the right words, but she looked like she had eaten a bad burrito at lunch.  What was this lady’s problem?
“Thank you.  But I don’t think that is why you are here.  Some problem back in Bern?”
“I have some papers for you.”
“Papers that couldn’t wait until I got back home?”
 That burrito must have been doing back flips in her stomach.  She looked like we should be getting her something to barf into.
“It might be easier if we reviewed the papers at your hotel.”  
Okay, she wanted privacy.  I could understand that.  We were standing in the middle of a large room.  Not the best place for a private conversation.  But, I had to wonder what our topic might be.
“How about a clue.  Maybe just a hint.  Give me some idea what you are talking about.”
Yes, that was rude, but I had to ask.  If you had seen the look on her face, you would have asked too.
“I have your termination papers.”
Okay, that knocked me back half a step.  I am being terminated.  I am standing in a room full of happy people.  We have just accomplished something pretty important.  Off to one side I see Martin and Inge speaking with friends.  I make eye contact with Inge and we both smile.  Off in another corner Shipanga is deep in a discussion with several officials.  He catches my eye.  I nod.  He nods.  Then he goes back to his conversation.  A room full of happy people, all recognizing a significant accomplishment.  And here I stand with a lawyer who has flown in from Switzerland to fire me.  Doesn’t seem fair, does it?
“I have a car.”  And she points toward the door.  
I’m not ready to leave.  This is my time to bask, isn’t it?  I’m sunburned as hell, and I have thorn cuts on both my arms, but those are like medals I am here to show off.  Shouldn’t I stand longer as people come by to tell me I did a good job?  But the lady is already sliding towards the door.  I am tempted to stay right where I was, but I am curious, and I suppose if I am being fired, it might be better if that were done with some privacy.  So, I followed her out of the building and to her car.
She has nothing to say on the drive.  Granted, maybe she needs to concentrate on her driving.  Having been briefly occupied by the British, Namibia is fated to spend eternity driving on the wrong side of the road.  That takes some getting used to.  
I find myself staring at her portfolio.  She has it slid along the side of her seat.  Embossed in gold I can read “Schmidt Jura.”  My German may be limited, but I have seen the word for “law” often enough.  So, a law firm.  I thought she was with my company.  Apparently not.  Why use an outside firm?  No one wanted to make the twelve hour flight?
She gets us to the hotel and then walks directly to a conference room she must have rented in preparation.  Preparation for my termination?  Small round table.  Four fancy leather chairs.  She takes one, I take the one opposite.
“I should have met with you a week or two after Emil’s death.  But I was out of the country, and then you were out of the country.  I have been delayed in giving you the third conversation.  I am sorry.”
“Third conversation?”  
“The third conversation every widow hears,” she began.  “The doctors say ‘We did all we could, but…’ and then the funeral director tells you, ‘This will be a celebration of his life…’  And finally your attorney comes to you and says, ‘Here’s where the money is.’”
“There is no money.  We did a prenup.  You wrote it up, so you know.  Everything goes to his girls.  We agreed.  You and Emil worked out the details, and then I came in one afternoon and signed it.”
“We will talk about that, but first we need to talk about insurance.  You had a policy for each other.  I have filed the paperwork for you. The money has already gone directly into your account.  The one in Wisconsin.”
That last comment should have set off alarm bells, but I totally missed it.  I was still concentrating on the insurance policy.
“I don’t know why we got that policy.”  And I really didn’t.  I stared at her, she stared back.  Maybe she was waiting for me to make connections.  A Wisconsin bank.  Not Bern.  I still wasn’t getting it.  I was still on about having an insurance policy.  “Neither of us need the money.  We have plenty, and our kids are grown.”
“It’s a final gift.  Men do it all the time.  And lots of wives now.  They want to give you one more thing.  In your case it is a million Swiss Francs, worth just a little over a million dollars.”
If there is one thing I have learned during my years in Bern is the exchange rate.  For a second I was insulted she thought she needed to do the math for me, but I chose to let it pass.  Time to move on.  I took a breath, nodded.  Let’s get going.  
“As for his other assets, you are right, they go to his girls.  They get his stock, and that alone should keep them comfortable for life.  They also get the cash in his accounts, all his property, and – the castle.”  
She paused there.  Another chance for me to understand which way the wind was blowing.  Me?  It could have been a hurricane.  I wasn’t getting it.  I was thinking, yes, his girls got the castle.  I knew that.  They got the castle, I got the right to live there as long as I chose.  I had seen the will.
“It’s only fair.”  I wanted to make that clear.  “It is where they grew up.  The castle has been in their family for generations.  It should stay with them.”
“They don’t want it.  They lived there.  They know it is cold all the time.  They know it takes huge amounts for upkeep and simple repairs.  They are convinced the north turret is ready to fall, and it may be.”  News to me, but it would explain why it was blocked off and almost never used.
“Are they offering to sell it to me?  I doubt I could afford it either.”
“The price was twenty six million.”
“I can’t afford that.”
“I know.  But the company can.  They bought it.  They plan to use it for sales conferences, off-site meetings, and as an image for the company.”
“I can’t imagine the Historical Society will approve of too many changes, but I guess that is between them and the company.  I do ask that they leave my room unchanged.”
There was a long pause while the lady in the gray suit stared at me.  I was still trying to figure her out.  Gray in her hair – not dyed and not permed.  Little makeup.  No effort to work on her looks.  I wondered if she went the other way – used her plainness to make a point.  She would get ahead by hard work.  Gray suit.  Thick portfolio.  Long hours.  Okay.  Her life, her choices to make.  Why was she still staring at me?  
“The castle will be closed for remodeling for at least the next year.  What you think of as your room will be completely changed.  None of the new rooms will be designated as yours.”
“That’s my home.”
“It is now a conference center and sales center.  You will not be living there.”
“I have rights under Emil’s will.”
“Take that up with his daughters if you wish.  Now.  Let’s move on.”
She didn’t move on.  She paused.  She wanted me to think through any lawsuit I might file against Emil’s daughters.  Would I do that?  No.  But it felt like I had been punched in the gut. 
“This can’t be legal.  You did his will.  You know I was allowed to live in the castle as long as I wished.”
“The castle is owed by Naturale now.  Different owners.  Different uses.  Closed for remodeling.  Mrs. Gruber, there is no place in the castle for you.”
She paused again.  She was being as clear as she could.  I guessed she would repeat some version of those words two or three more times if she needed.  I was out.  The castle was no longer my home.  She waited for me to object.  I didn’t.  Maybe later I would find some legal reason to get my home back, but for the moment I said nothing.  She gave me time to take a breath or two, and then went back to ruining my day.
“You probably heard the board approved a new CEO.  Kurt Meyer.  You may have met him.”
“Sure.  I saw him around the office several times.  Big guy.  Maybe an ex-athlete.  Late thirties.  Marketing whiz?”
“That’s him.  Football.  Played defense.  Several years on the national team.  Gave him all kinds of connections around Europe.”
“Okay.  Seems a reasonable choice.”  But she just stared at me.  What am I missing?
“It’s not unusual for a new CEO to make changes in management.  In fact it is pretty common.”  Okay, finally I feel which way the wind is blowing.  “All division heads have been replaced.”
“Including me.”
“Yes.  He assigned an interim while you were on leave, and he has made that interim permanent.  You have received a very sizable severance check.  It has already been deposited in your account in Wisconsin.” 
Second mention of Wisconsin.  Not Bern.  I have a bank in Bern.  An account.  One corner of my mind is finally making some conclusions about my future, and apparently it does not include Switzerland.  But my primary focus is on my former job. 
“What happens to my bottling plants?”
“They will be very well cared for.  The new division president is Gunther Handel.  Engineering degree from Bern University.  MBA from the University of Michigan.  The man vacationed once near Lake Superior.  He has all kinds of plans.”
Has an MBA.  Vacationed once in the region.  Well, how much more qualified could anyone be?  Sure doesn’t need any advice from me.  I’m beginning to understand why they didn’t send anyone from Naturale.  I was clenching every muscle in my body.  I hadn’t started screaming, but that was coming fast.
“Mrs. Gruber, Mr. Meyer has a very generous offer for you.”  
Another pause.  Here comes the wind up and the pitch.  They have taken my job and my home.  What’s left?  
“What does he want?”
“He wishes to purchase your shares in the company.  He will pay a ten percent premium over the current value of the shares.  It is a very large sum, and should ensure a very comfortable life back in Wisconsin.”  As she says this, she is patting her portfolio, preparing to pull out the sales papers.
“My shares aren’t for sale.”
“But he thought, since you are no longer with the company…”
“My shares aren’t for sale.”  
I decided I didn’t like this woman.  She was talking as if I should be happy with her words.  Happy I was no longer division head?  Happy to give up the shares Emil and I had worked so hard to gather?  She decided now was the time for some personal advice.
“I did Emil’s personal legal affairs for many years.  I know his plans for you.  He had already consulted with me about a possible retirement in six to eight years.  You were to replace him.  He described the plan to me, and to others at the company.  His death created a problem.  You were the heir apparent.  But that was to be years off.  What to do?  Bring you in early?  The Board chose not to.  They picked Kurt Meyer.  What about you?  They can’t have you looking over his shoulder, always ready to replace him, always second guessing him.  And no, you might not do that, but half the senior employees would wonder what you would do, and maybe they would huddle around your office and ask.  That constant questioning would kill Kurt, and kill the company.  So, you have to go.”
“So, no job, no castle.  Off I go.  Back to Wisconsin.”
“It’s cruel, but necessary.”  Pause.  Maybe she wanted my agreement.  I wasn’t ready to give it.  “As for your belongings.  We have done an initial inventory of items that belong to you.  Those have all been boxed up at the castle and shipped to your home in Wisconsin at company expense.”  She actually attempted a smile.  Like she was giving me a surprise birthday present.
“So, I’m done in Switzerland.  It’s back to Wisconsin.”
“I do have a job offer for you.”  She slid an envelope out of her portfolio.  “It’s from a woman in Dubai.  She is the vice president of that division and is offering you a position as her personal assistant.  I understand that division is doing very well.”
“Saanvi.”
“Yes, Saanvi Gruber.  I understand you know her.”
“She wishes me to be her maid.”
“Personal assistant.  I only glanced at the job description, but yes, there are some elements that used to be done by a maid.  I’m not sure that job title is used anymore.”
“Can I assume our meeting is over?”  I pushed my chair back a few inches.
“I have been empowered to raise the premium on your shares.  Twenty percent.  I can go no further.”
“This meeting is over.”  I stood.
She stood.  She left Saanvi’s letter on the table, closed her portfolio, and waited.  Another pause.  A chance for me to change my mind about selling the shares?  Maybe.  Finally she gave up on me, said a quiet “good bye” and left the room.  
I picked up Saanvi’s letter and tore it to pieces as I walked to the elevators.  Elsa was waiting for me.  I ignored her.  I was busy tearing Saanvi’s letter into smaller and smaller pieces.  I was still tearing as I got to the tenth floor.  Elsa stood close.
“Not tonight, Elsa.  I need some time.”
I pushed into my room.  Elsa followed me in, grabbed me around the waist, and pushed me into my bed.


Chapter 20
I Talk, Elsa Listens

Elsa didn’t say anything.  She held me.  I can’t say I had much to say either.  We lay together, then at some point I was holding her.  And crying.  It makes me so angry when I cry.  But sometimes I still do.  I did that evening.  And that night.  I also shouted.  Shouting made me feel better.  I got loud.  Elsa had to cover my mouth at one point.  But it felt so good to shout.  And it felt so bad to cry.  And I did both.  All night.
There are moments.  Moments when you know your world has completely changed.  Obviously this was one of those moments.  Well, actually, the “moment” took about ten hours, but you get what I mean.  Emil was gone.  My job was gone.  My castle was gone.  That’s mostly what I was shouting and crying about for the first nine hours and fifty nine minutes.  
And then the thoughts in my head somehow reshuffled.  I had much to celebrate.  Really.  Odd I know, but true.  I was back.  Not just back from the Kalahari, but back from being that useless woman who had spent months haunting my castle.  Shuffling down hallways and crying.  Too weak and too saddened to work.  The woman who refused to attend board meetings and had taken a leave of absence.  The woman who had been shipped to Africa just to get her out from under foot.  That woman.  The woman I had been.  
And now?  Now this new lady would start over.  Where to start?  Hold Elsa.  Stop crying.  Both very good first steps.  It took until morning.  I was still holding Elsa, but I had stopped crying.  Progress. I still shouted from time to time, but I dialed the volume back.  Controlled shouting.  Controlled me.  Off to restart my life.
How did I spend my first day of unemployment?  With Elsa.  Poor Elsa.  I talked her arm off.  In the shower.  In the hotel restaurant at breakfast.  In eight or ten stores as we shopped.  A couple dresses for my girls.  Several dresses for me.  Silk.  I could afford it.  Lunch at a sidewalk café.  More talk.
That evening?  I was still talking.  There was a restaurant nearby.  It had a large balcony that extended out towards Independence Avenue.  We sat out there with a bottle of wine, and stayed for dinner.  The air cooled nicely as the sun set, the service was great, as was the food, not that any of that mattered.  What mattered was Elsa.  She sat across our little table and never took her eyes off me.  I talked, she listened.  My God, I talked.  I am not sure I stopped at any point in the evening.
And she listened.  And she looked at me.  Really.  She looked at me.  This woman who could have been a professional model looked at me – sunburned, ordinary me.  The woman who was talking her arm off, now an expert having spent two months in Africa.  Not once did she laugh at my silly talk.  Not once did she upstage me with stories of her own.  Not Elsa, not that night.  She not only looked at me, but she reached across that little table and held my hand, her thumb stroking my palm.  A cute smile on her face.  As I talked, and talked, and talked.
As I talked, she asked questions.  First about me – had I been safe, had I been comfortable, had I enjoyed myself?  Then she asked about the project, about Shipanga’s equipment, Martin’s choice of drilling sites, my impressions of the aquifer, my opinion of the contract Van der Walt had negotiated, my suggestions on any future World Bank projects.  Me, the woman who had to read Wikipedia just to know what the World Bank was, and she’s asking me about projects for them.  That was the kind of day it was.  And I loved every minute of it.
And, I think I was honest.  I told her about the discussion the three of us had had in that little custodian conference room.  Where we asked – what happens to the water?  And none of us had an answer.  Well, we had three answers.  No doubt if fifty people had been in that tiny room there would have been fifty answers.  It felt so good to find that water.  To measure every meter in the pipe.  To take samples and evaluate them.  To do the work.  But.  What happened next?  How would the water be used?   Did the World Bank have a ready answer for that?   
Eventually we stopped eating, drinking, and talking.  Back to the hotel.  We walked up Independence Avenue.  We didn’t hold hands, but we did walk close.  A quiet night.  And yes, I finally was quiet too.  I think I had used up two or three years’ worth of words.  Elsa’s turn.
“You saw elephants, rhinos, and giraffes.  Lions?”
“No.  I think I heard them several times, but I never saw any.”
“Well, unemployed lady, shall we go look for some?”
And that was it.  Of course I said “yes.”  Elsa told me about the game park in the north of the country, I nodded my head as she talked, and the matter was settled.  We were going to Etosha. 



Chapter 21
An Adventure and a Job Offer

If someone ever asks me the most fun I ever had, my answer will always be Etosha.  It took us a day to drive up there (Namibia is so much bigger than it looks on a map), but it was worth every mile (or kilometer).  The fun starts at the main entrance.  They make you get out of the car, pay some fees, get a map, and then listen to a safety lecture.  Nice young guy, big, friendly, and very direct.  Safety instructions?
“Never get out of your car.  We had a bunch of Taiwanese girls here last summer.  Saw a pride of lions resting under a tree near the road.  Two girls wanted a selfie.  They walked up to the pride and held out their camera.  The girls who stayed on the bus got pictures of them being eaten.”
Now there’s a man who can tell a story.  He wasn’t finished.
“Never approach an elephant, even in your car.”  He pointed to a row of pictures.  Each eight by ten showed a flattened car.  No blood visible, but you could imagine.
“They will go where they will go.  By the way, the elephants in this region are the largest in Africa.  If your car is in their path, they will walk right over you.”
He let us look at the cars for a moment, then told us another story.  I wanted to hug the guy.  Disneyland never set up for this kind of adventure.
“A guy last month wanted a picture.  All the elephants were walking away.  He didn’t want pictures of backsides.  He wanted head shots.  So, he got out of his car and threw a rock at an elephant.  The elephant turned around, ears already flapping.  They give you three warnings.  First, they flap their ears.  Good time to get in your car and drive off.  Second, they kick up some dust with one of their feet.  You should be gone by now.  Third, they trumpet.  Our guy had his camera out and was getting pictures of all this.  He was still standing there when the elephant charged.  I guess he thought he could out run the elephant.  He was wrong.”
See what I mean about him telling a story?  We had been driving all day.  But I wasn’t the least bit tired.  Show me an elephant.  I’m ready.  Final instructions?
“I see one of you is from Sweden, and the other from the US.  Size.  Etosha is the same size as Sweden.  It is bigger than Connecticut and Rhode Island combined.  There aren’t enough rangers to protect you.  There aren’t even enough to know where you are.  There are three lodges.  They are fenced.  You will be protected there.  Nowhere else.  You are driving long distances where it will be you and very large elephants.  Ostriches will kick in your chest.  Elephants and rhinos will destroy your car.  It might be days before we find your bodies.  Be careful.”
And with that he turned and started lecturing the latest arrivals.  I could barely stand still.  I was going to see lions, and I was going to have a hell of an adventure.  One day I’m fired and thrown out of my Swiss home, two days later I am cruising across open land filled with strange and dangerous beasts.  How cool is that?
It got a little less cool as we drove into the park.  Empty.  Flat.  White.  Maybe like the salt flats of Utah.  Elsa drove, I read the information brochures I got when we registered.  First paragraph?  “Etosha” meant “great white place” in English.  It was largely a salt pan.  Some rain in the summer (nothing yet apparently), dry the rest of the year.  It was dry and flat and white as far as I could see.
I had my phone out and got pictures of a herd of ostriches off in the distance.  Too far away to kick in my chest.  But I used my telephoto and got some reasonable pictures.  The first of the million or two pictures I took there.
Our destination?  Okaukuejo Lodge.  It was getting toward evening.  Time to park, check in, and find a bathroom.  Fairly long drive (how much of Connecticut was I crossing?) and no lions.  No trees either.  It was salt pan all the way.  We knew we were getting close like you know you are getting close to a town in Nebraska – we saw trees.  And a fence (eight feet high chain link – too high for a lion?  Strong enough to hold off elephants?)  The gate was open (did lions not see the open gate?), and we registered at the lodge.  Nice people.  Nice place.
Our room?  No room.  A round house with a conical thatched roof.  I got a dozen pictures before we even had our luggage out of the car.  Look where your mother stayed!  Inside?  Air conditioning and beds that could have used younger mattresses.  Oh well.  We had a bathroom and a door that seemed lion proof.
The main lodge?  A swimming pool, a gift shop, and a restaurant that served game meat.  I had a gemsbok steak.  They also had zebra, but that would be pretty close to eating horse meat, right?  Great food, attractive restaurant, good service.  I tipped, even though Europeans don’t (cheap people).
Evening’s entertainment?  They had a water hole.  It was the other side of the fence of course.  It was lit up from our side.  And there were rows of seats on risers as if we were there to watch a basketball game.  The entertainment?  A constant flow of animals.  Elephants and rhinos were there first.  Made a mess of the water.  There were maybe forty people scattered along the bleachers all talking in whispers and taking pictures.  Me too.  I was an expert on elephants and rhinos from my time in the Kalahari (I whispered that story to Elsa as we watched), but we were much closer to the animals here, and I think I got some good pictures.
Eventually Elsa and I strolled back to our round house.  No lions prowling the streets.  I assumed they closed the gate at night.
We talked in bed.
“Thank you for bringing me here.  How much of your vacation am I using up?”
“None.  I listed this as recruiting time.”
There was enough light coming in the window for me to see her face.  I was looking for a smile.  She was joking, right?
“Is the World Bank hiring bartenders?”
“I think I have already told you, we have a long list of water projects.”
“Maybe so, but you do recall I never finished tenth grade.  The Bank must have some hiring requirements.”
“The minimum is a bachelor’s degree from Harvard or equivalent world-class university.  My boyfriend and I both had master’s degrees when we applied.”
“So…”
“So you are an entrepreneur, an actor, and you just punched ninety holes in the Kalahari.  They can hire you, or some twenty two year old who knows the world from books.”
“I need some time, Elsa.”
“Time I can guarantee.  I have already filled out the forms (no need for your high school transcripts), you can sign the papers in the morning.  I will take them with me and get them into the system when I am back in Joburg.  And then a year will pass.  Maybe longer.  They not only check on you, but they count how many Americans they already have, and how many water people they need, and lots of other bureaucratic stuff that has nothing to do with you.  A year from now you will get a call, and you can decide.  Yes, or no.”
“A year from now I’ll be tending bar in Amberg and visiting my grandchildren.”
“Maybe I’ll have you doing some contracting by then.”
I didn’t want to talk any more, and Elsa didn’t push me.  I was still adjusting to the present.  It felt early to think too much about the future.  I ran my fingers through her hair, and she pulled me toward her.  I said “tighter” and we slowly drifted off to sleep.



Chapter 22
I see Lions – too closely

She was serious about the application.  We were barely dressed in the morning, and she had it out.  There had to be twenty pages.  She showed me four places to sign.  I hesitated with the last name.  There had been five.  Two had been the mistakes a young girl makes.  Three had been the best men in the world.  Their deaths had been a loss for me and a loss for the world.  The last one had been named Gruber.  I signed Jessica Gruber four times.  Would I really work for the World Bank?  I had a year to think it over.
Our agenda for the day?  A big breakfast, a full tank of gas, a dozen water bottles, and then off to find lions.  We asked everyone who worked at the lodge, got directions, and hit the road (actually a layer of gravel surrounded by salt).  My big fear was our car would scare them off.  Elsa just smiled.
“They see cars all day every day.  If anything, cars are good because they might hit an antelope.  Lions love road kill.”
Okay, I got that, but still, I felt like maybe we should be approaching on tiptoe or something.  Although we would have been on our toes for a long time.  It was salt flats for the first hours.  We had to go somewhat north and east (to Massachusetts?) before we saw our first grass and then trees.
And there they were.  Lying under a tree.  Four.  A pride!  They were on my side of the road.  Elsa did a nice job of gradually slowing.  I was still afraid they would shoot off into the woods before I got a picture.  But they just lay there.  Tight together.  Ears flapping if a fly landed, but otherwise motionless.  I gained some sympathy for those girls from Taiwan.  The lions just lay there like large cats.  It would feel so good to walk over and pet them.  They didn’t growl or snarl.  They just lay there and looked at us.  Maybe they were thinking about annoying tourists.  Maybe they were thinking about a small woman for dinner.  But still, they looked beautiful.
I took endless pictures, then Elsa turned the car around so she could get pictures from her side.  How many did we take?  Lots.
And then we got stupid.  Well, mostly Elsa.  We just about filled our memory cards and started thinking about next stops.  What do you go for after lions?  Maybe giraffes.  The car was faced south now, and it looked like there were more trees to the north.  Giraffe territory.  So, time to turn the car around.  Elsa started a wide U-turn, but she was looking more at the lions than at the road.  She went wide, and we now had our right wheels on the salt.  Still no problem, but she stopped for one more picture.  Stopped with her wheels on salt.  
When she started, she started fairly quickly.  Not a jackrabbit start, but fast.  Too fast.  Front wheel drive on our sedan.  Right front wheel sitting on salt, now spinning on salt.
And spinning.  I grabbed Elsa’s hand.
“Snow, Elsa.  You’re from Sweden.  You have driven in snow.”
She nodded and eased off on the accelerator, but now the tire had dug a slight trench and was embedded.  She could feel what had happened.  She stopped.  We both looked over at the lions.  No movement, but we had their attention.  Four sets of eyes studied us.
“In Sweden, we rock our way out.”  I couldn’t tell if she was talking to me or the lions.
“Yes, but slow and careful.  Neither of us has ever driven on salt before.”
Yes, I was only stating the obvious, but it seemed the right thing to say.  Elsa tried it.  Slow.  Gentle.  Forward, then back.  It almost felt like we would be released backwards, but then we hit some stone or something buried in the salt.  Forward again.  Nothing.
“Is this where we call AAA?”
Both of us switched to our phone app.  No bars.  We were probably just a hundred kilometers or so from the lodge, but apparently that’s all it took to get out of cell tower range.  Time to sit back, take a calming breath, and consider options.
“We talked to people at the lodge about lions.  They should have an idea for where we went.”  That seemed reassuring.  Good for Elsa.  My contribution?
“We have enough gas to keep the air conditioning running, so we won’t bake in here.”
Of course now both of us stared at the gas gauge.  And I was right, it was still mostly full.
“What if I give it one more try?”  
I nodded my agreement, and Elsa rocked back and forth several times.  No progress,
“Here’s a really bad idea.”  And it was.  One of the dumbest of a lifetime of dumb ideas.  “What if I get out and push?”
“And become cat food?”
“I leave the door open so I can get back in fast, you promise not to say, ‘Here kitty, kitty,’ and I push right here near the door.”
At least I got her laughing.  “Here kitty kitty?”
“Just a quick try.  What do you say?”
“Keep the door open, and never take more than one step from the car.”
Okay, we had a plan.  I took a calming breath, gave Elsa some version of a smile, and opened the door.  Reaction from our four kitty cats?  One of them stood.  All of them seemed to lean towards me.  I had no interest in becoming cat food.  This would be quick.
It wasn’t.  I stepped out, braced myself, and leaned forward on the door frame.  More rocking.  Forward and back, forward and back, me pushing each time we rocked forward.  And I accomplished nothing.  Five six (I usually tell people five seven) and one hundred thirty pounds (unfortunately that was my actual weight), I was adding almost no additional force.  We needed a bigger me.  Too late to have a couple extra gemsbok steaks.
And then, I got both really smart, and really stupid.  What would I do if stuck in the snow?  Rock and push.  Just like now.  And if that didn’t work?  Put some weight on the wheel that was slipping.  Without saying a word, I closed my door and ran around the front of the car.  And sat my ass on the right fender.  Elsa screamed at me, but kept rocking.  The second time forward she got some motion and just kept going.  
Now I was screaming.  I had one hand on a hood ornament and the other gripping the fender just above the wheel.  I was kicking around with my feet trying to find some place on the bumper.  Damn cars.  So aerodynamic.  So much molded plastic to give everything a nice even surface.  Not much to grab on to, and Elsa was hauling ass.  I was sure I was going to slide off and get run over.  Why was she going so fast?  I turned to yell at her and grabbed a windshield wiper to hold while I yelled.
Then I stopped yelling.  Lions are fast.  All four were racing after us, and as fast as Elsa was going, we were barely keeping our distance.  If she stopped, I would be kitty litter.  If I fell off, I would be road kill.  Nice.
Since I am here to tell the tale, obviously we made it, but I bent the hell out of that windshield wiper.  Elsa slowed after the first mile, and stopped a few hundred yards farther.  She actually had to get out of the car and pry my fingers from the wiper blade.  We hugged for two or three milliseconds, then we were back in the car, doors closed and locked.
Want to add stupid to stupid?  I actually said, “Too bad we didn’t get any pictures.”  Of course I didn’t say that until we had carefully turned the car around and driven back to the lodge.



Chapter 23
Fort Namutoni

What did we do back at the lodge?  Mostly we giggled.  You know – relief laughter.  We had been scared half to death, but it was over now, so we laughed about it.  Lots of “here kitty kitty” and comments about windshield wipers – how now we could be spokespeople for some wiper blade company.
In between giggles we went for a swim in the pool, sat in the bleachers to look at the water hole, and had a couple really good meals.  What we had done was stupid.  We knew that.  It could have turned out very differently, but…  well… we had made it, right?
When we went to bed that night we lay facing each other.  Neither of us said a word.  I brushed my fingers along her cheek and slid them into her hair as I kissed her.  She brought her arm up my back and pulled us together.  And we looked at each other.  I had to wonder, is she the one?  Is she the person for me now?  She and I together.  My trailer in Amberg.  The town seeing us together, knowing we were together.  Would that go over?  Not well.  My family?  Probably okay.  Us together.  Was she the one?
Not a word.  Looks, kisses, our bodies tight together.  Maybe.
We showered together in the morning.  Probably a mistake.  The shower was small.  Not intimate small – cramped small.  Our elbows and knees were hitting one wall after another.  After we got out, there was a moment where we just stood together.  Water dripped off both of us.  We stood touching.  Hips.  Breasts.  Faces close.  Water sliding off one of us onto the other.  Time to kiss or hug, or talk.  We didn’t do any of that.  We just stood together studying each other’s face, feeling each other’s warmth.
Finally our arms just wrapped around each other, and we kissed.  How long can two people stand and hold each other?  Pretty long.  If they are the right two people.  
Eventually we separated and dressed.  Shorts and polos.  Off to breakfast.  We held hands much of the way.
No more mention of cats.  We moved on.  Next stop?  Etosha is set up with three main lodges – west, middle, east.  We were at the west end.  Halali was the middle lodge.  We checked our phones for pictures and information (good cell coverage in the lodge).  No interest.  The place looked like any resort anywhere in the world.  We would skip it.  It would be a longish drive to Namutoni, but every picture we saw made us more interested.  Want adventure?  Want local color?  Why not stay in a century old fort?  
Elsa was a very careful driver.  We saw a few other cars.  Maybe one every fifteen or twenty minutes (where were they yesterday?).  Elsa drove down the middle of the road, only pulling carefully to the left as a car passed.  
We saw animals.  A flock/herd of ostriches fairly close to the road, then a group (herd?) of giraffes in a grove of trees.  We didn’t stop for the ostriches, we did for the giraffes.  Phones out, we took lots of pictures.  These were close.  And they moved closer.  I almost thought we were in trouble again.  The entrance lecture didn’t mention cars getting crushed by giraffes, but these were big.  You think of long necks and forget long legs.  And big bodies.  They sauntered past just a few feet from the car, and we were looking at the underside of their bodies.  Way up there.  If they tripped over us, or chose to rest their backsides on our car, we were going to be just a dent in the highway.
But pretty.  We never got out of the car, but we opened the windows and leaned out to get dozens of pictures.  Yes, elephants and lions are interesting too, but I decided giraffes were my favorite.  We sat at the side of the road for a long time.
We got to Halali about lunch time.  Good restaurant, and a gas station.  But the sleeping quarters were small rectangular houses like you might find in older US motels.  No doubt comfortable, but we wanted adventure.
It was a bit of a drive to get to Namutoni, and we stopped a couple times along the way – warthogs once, gemsbok the other time (sharp horns sticking straight out.  They looked huge and dangerous, and I suspected they might be aware I had eaten parts of their relatives.)  We got pictures but moved along pretty quickly.
So, it was nearing nightfall when we arrived at the fort.  I had read up on the place as we drove.  First built in 1904 by the Germans, local warriors defeated the soldiers and tore the place down.  No Germans needed here.  The Germans were back in 1907.  Bigger fort.  More soldiers.  The fort survived, but the Germans were defeated by the British in 1914.  
The fort stayed, and it was beautiful.  Brick walls had been whitewashed.  The place gleamed in the setting sun.  It hadn’t been changed in a hundred years.  Gun slits every ten feet or so.  A second story with firing positions along the wall.  It looked like something built by the French Foreign Legion.  Or at least like the movie versions of such forts.  But this was no movie set.  It was real.  And we had a room here.
There were out buildings.  A large parking area, a lodge with restaurant and gift ship, a swimming pool, a water hole.  None of which interested us.  We went into the lodge long enough to register and get our key, and then we were off to the fort.
How real was the fort?  They had brought in air conditioning, and put glass over the gun slit in our wall, but the wood plank that would cover the gun slit was still hinged to the wall.   And, yes, I did swing it shut just to see how that worked.  It still locked in place to protect us should soldiers descend on the fort.
We dropped our bags, turned on the AC, and were back out the door and up along the battlements.  The view from up there?  A woods to the south, a lake to the north and west.  Makes sense.  You can’t put a fort someplace without water.  It might also have limited the approaches opponents might have taken.  Overall, a pleasant place to put a fort.  Probably less pleasant pre air conditioning and pre malaria drugs, but the basics were there.  And for us?  An attractive view made more attractive since we were seeing it from the top of a fort.  Somehow, it makes a difference.  We were up there until the sun set.
Dinner?  Nice restaurant over in the new lodge.  Game on the menu again.  We went with ostrich burgers paired with a nice South African pinotage.   Look at me.  “Paired” and “pinotage” in the same sentence.  This girl had come a few miles since the Amberg bar.
Evening?  Another bleacher at another water hole watching another bunch of elephants drink and shit.  Somehow it was losing its magic.  We were back to our room in the fort pretty quickly.  I opened up the plank and looked out the gun slit.  Elsa held me from behind, her chin resting on my shoulder.  She didn’t say anything, but I could feel her hips pressing against my ass.  There was certainly a message in that.  Time for bed.
She waited until we had changed into satin nightgowns and were lying face to face.  We were holding each other pretty tight, and we had kissed long and hard.  Then I got the speech she must have prepared long in advance.
“East of here is a road that runs to Katima Mulilo and the Zambesi River.  Our next stop.  We will be meeting someone there.”  Long pause.  “I think you will like him.”  
At the word “him” I had a million questions.  By the time I could phrase any of them she had her mouth pressed against mine.  And, well, one thing led to another and I was thinking much more about her, and not at all about him.



Chapter 24
Tremors on the Caprivi Strip


We had a busy night together, and a busy shower, and a busy breakfast.  Talk was nonstop – about the trip.  Not a word about him.  Okay.  I was curious, but would too much curiosity be rude?  I was with her.  I loved being with her.  Why would I ask about him? 
Long drive that day.  We got an early start.  Still non-stop talk.  Still not about him.  Mostly roads – we would be going down to my favorite town – Grootfontein – and then up to the border with Angola.  Right turn at Rundu and a long stretch of road called the Caprivi Strip.  We were going to be in the car about ten hours.  How do you fill ten hours?  Elsa went with history.
“1885.  Bismarck gathers leaders from around Europe.  Germany decides it’s time for them to have African colonies.  In sensible Bismarck fashion, he wants to avoid hostilities.  Why not just sit around a table with a big map and draw some lines.  Keep everyone happy, and no bullets fly.”
“I am assuming that this is when they grabbed Namibia.  Called it German South West Africa, as I recall.”  Elsa knew more local history than me, of course, but I had at least read Wikipedia – life saver for the marginally educated.  I could hold up my end of a conversation (for about five minutes).
“Yes, they spent a year drawing lines and agreeing to not cross those lines.  Why start a European war over a few chunks of Africa?  No Africans in the room, of course.  The colonial powers divided up the real estate, and until Bismarck was pushed out of office and Europe started their first world war, things went well.”
“I think Fort Namutoni is proof things didn’t go all that well.”  I felt like the kid in the back row giving the teacher a little trouble.
“True.  And we know what the Germans did to the Hereros.  But, I don’t bring this all up to discuss local battles.  I wanted to explain the very odd road we will be on – the Caprivi Strip.  The Germans had Portuguese Angola to their north, and British South Africa to their south and east.  And, most of their lands here were desert.  They wanted access to a major river, one that would give them water, plus access to the interior of Africa and whatever trade or resources that might bring.  So, they circled a chunk of the Zambesi River and said, ‘we want that too.’”
“While sitting in a palace in Berlin.”
“Yes.  But getting to the Zambesi would run through Angola or British territory (now Botswana).  How to do this?”
“Let me guess – draw two lines creating a narrow strip of land, wide enough for a road but not much else.  Neither the Portuguese or the Brits would miss it.”
“About two hundred kilometers of gravel roadway through a forest.  And you are right, no one seems to have missed it.  It’s almost like a tunnel.  Drive through empty forest, then come out at Katima Mulilo and the Zambesi.”
“And when we get to the river, we meet someone.”
“Someone you will like.  I think.”
“And you will tell me about this person…”
“After you have met him.  In the meantime, let me tell you more about the Berlin Conference of 1885.”
She did.  I have no idea why.  The conference had lasted a year, and I was pretty sure her description was going to take just as long.  We gassed up in Grootfontein, and had lunch in Rundu.  You would have thought she would have been to 1886 by then.  No such luck.  But I didn’t push her.  She had to know I was hearing about one word in three and remembering… well, not remembering much.  But that wasn’t the point.  The point was to keep busy.
She did deviate from Berlin for just a minute when we were up by the Angolan border.
“Portugal drives on the right.  So Angola does too.  The Brits drive on the left.  So Namibia does too.  And at the border?  You’d better pay attention.  Accidents up here tend to be head-on as drivers forget which country they are in.  Lots of fatalities.  We may live in a world where everyone agrees to the use the internet protocol so our computers can talk to each other, but we still can’t agree on which side of the road to use.”
The minute lunch was over (fairly good cheeseburgers) and we were back in our car, she was back to daily discussions in Berlin.  Me, I was thinking about drivers meeting head on.  I paid close attention to every car coming the other way.
It took us about an hour to get to the Caprivi Strip.  How did I know we were at the strip?  A cop was there to tell us.  The road was blocked and we were stopped while cops questioned us.  Obvious question – where were we going?  Then, did we have sufficient gas and water.  There were no services before Katima Mulilo.  As he’s talking, his partner is giving us a good look over.  I have no idea what he is looking for, but he walked around the car and stared in our windows.  I think we looked harmless.  Or was that the problem – we looked too harmless for whatever might be on the road.  He looked at our gas gauge and our tires, told us not to stop along the way, and raised the bar across the road.
“This is where you tell me there is really nothing to worry about.”  I’m staring at Elsa, she is staring at the road.
“Sometimes there are bandits.”
“Lovely.  Are you armed?”
“Guns are not legal here.”
“That’s not a direct answer to a direct question.”
“No, it’s not.”
And, believe it or not, off she goes about some discussion at the Berlin Conference.  Identifying resources and balancing them, while no thought is given to borders that might cut some tribe’s land right down the middle.  And…  Yes, I understood what a mess that had made, but I was mostly looking out my window.  Forest.  Trees on both sides.  Arched over the road.  It did feel like a tunnel.  An empty tunnel.  Elsa drove down the middle of the road.  No need to worry about oncoming traffic choosing the wrong side of the road.  There was no on-coming traffic.  Just us.  Alone.  Two hundred kilometers.  Two hours.  Gravel pinging up against the bottom of the car.  She kept her speed up.  Good.  She kept her mouth going too.  Nigeria.  Something about how it was put together.  Meanwhile, I have my fingers clenched around my knees as I lean toward the windshield watching for bandits.  Why am I traveling with this woman?
About once every five or ten years I wish I owned a stop watch.  It would let me do a countdown.  Set it for two hours and feel a touch of relief as the time wound down.  All I have is a regular watch, and I raised it a million times only to realize I wasn’t really paying attention to it.  I was looking over my wrist for anything that might emerge from the forest.  Did I mention the trees were close to the road?  And big?  You could put a dozen bandits behind any of them.  Well, maybe just six or eight, but that would still be enough, wouldn’t it?
Meanwhile, back in Berlin...  It did finally occur to me that she was talking about Berlin for the same reason I was staring at every tree.  She was nervous.  Two hours.  And I will give her credit.  She kept that car moving.  Anyone who stepped out from behind a tree would have to act fast. 
Did we make it?  Obviously, right?  I am here to tell the tale.  Will I tell this one to my kids?  Probably not.  Two hours of trees.  Gravel road at a hundred kilometers an hour.  My fingers clenched so tightly around my knees I broke a nail.  At the end of my story my daughters, both of whom are very sensible women, would say, Mom, were you out of your mind?  Yes.  On the bright side, I am ready for anyone who wants to discuss the Berlin Conference of 1885.



Chapter 25
Moonlight on the Zambesi

We knew we were out of the Strip when the roadway widened and we were suddenly cruising on asphalt.  Did I shout “hooray”?  No, but I did start breathing more easily.  Suddenly there were fields on each side of us, and up ahead there was a commercial area.  An open market and a gas station.  And people.  And cars.  You know, civilization.
Elsa knew where she was going.  There were two lodges along the river.  She picked the first.  Main building, swimming pool, ten or twelve cabins.  She parked.  I got out of the car and took my first deep breath in two hours.  Katima Mulilo, we are here.  We registered, carried our bags to our cabin, and looked the place over.  Your basic small motel.  Except.
Elsa led me through the cabins to the river.  Big river.  The Zambesi has to be a couple hundred yards across at this point.  Lots of water if that’s what the Germans wanted.  Moving pretty fast from what I could tell.  And, floating along the edge – a tiki bar.  Standard thatch roof, central bar, seating around the edge.  Room for maybe a dozen.  There were two other couples, and a guy sitting at the far end.  Bartender standing in the middle having a conversation with one couple as he mixed drinks.  You get the idea.  Standard resort tiki bar.  Except.
The tiki bar is floating maybe three or four feet off shore.  There is a plank you walk to get to it.  To the right of the plank, leaning against a tree, is a small sign – “No swimming – crocodiles.”  Okay, I won’t be swimming.  But I will be walking across a fairly narrow plank.  I’m wondering where is OSHA?  This has to be every sort of safety violation.  A plank over crocodiles?  A plank I will be using now, and again later after I have had a drink or two.  Are these people serious?
Elsa just takes a quick step and she is over.  She is already waving to and talking to the guy at the far end.  I am staring down at the plank, willing it not to shift from one side or another, not to break under my weight, not to move up as a crocodile rises out of the water to sniff my shoes.  Right foot, left foot, on to the tiki bar/boat.  I followed Elsa around the bar toward the guy at the end.  And of course, as I walk along the edge, I am watching the water.  What’s to keep crocs from just climbing up the side for tonight’s dinner?  Everyone else seems to be happy to sip their drink and stare out at the water.  As usual, I am the only one asking reasonable questions.  I am looking for a sign pinned to the bar – “3 days since our last patron was eaten.”
While I was taking reasonable caution and asking reasonable questions, Elsa was already at the far end of the bar all caught up in hugging and cheek kissing.  Apparently she knew the guy.  I got reasonably close, one eye on the guy, one eye down by my ankles.  I thought I could get one good kick in if something rose out of the water.
“Jess, this is Klaus Jergens.”
Okay, I get it.  This is the guy we are here to meet.  First impressions?  Late thirties, decent looking, does a good job filling out his polo shirt.  Something a bit hesitant about his smile.  Introvert?  He reaches around Elsa and offers a hand.  Large hand.  I feel calluses.  Elsa, meanwhile, is moving out of the way so Klaus and I can get closer.  But there is no hug.  He smiles, points to several things on the bar, and begins his explanation.
“I have a friend who is experimenting with a new way of measuring water flow.  I thought I would try it.”  He pointed to a fishing pole with a bobber hooked to his line.  “I have measured out a hundred meters of line, and fixed this float so it should catch most of the current.  I think I need to do some more work on the float.  But for now, my test is to cast the float out into the current and measure the time it takes to travel the hundred meters.”
“Three hundred and eighty four seconds.”  This from one of the other guys at the bar.  He held up a cocktail napkin with the number written in pencil.
“Three hundred and ninety nine seconds the time before.”  A guy on the other side of the bar added.  Both their wives looked on.
“My research assistants.”  Klaus nodded in their direction.
“Best bar game ever.”  This from the first guy.
“Please.  Have a seat, and let me buy a round.” 
 I ended up seated next to Klaus, Elsa on the other side of me.  There were thanks from the other couples, and then they went back to their private conversations, and Klaus concentrated on Elsa and me.
“What if a croc grabs your float?”  I still had crocs on the mind.
“Then I will have an interesting footnote for my research paper.”  
Nice smile.  I liked the guy.  He seemed to be relaxing around me, but I noticed he made no effort to pull his bar stool closer.  Nor did he lean toward me, or stare.  He looked at me, then Elsa, then the river.  I should point out it was getting dark fast.  We had been in the car many hours.  Also, we were being shaded by the trees along the shore as the sun set west of us.  The bartender hung a kerosene lamp.
Elsa started driving the conversation.
“Klaus is a hydrology professor at Heidelberg University.  We have used him on several water projects.”
“Jessica, I understand you are putting in some wells near Lake Superior.”
Now I am getting the full professor treatment.  Like I have just walked into his office and he wants to know about my last homework assignment.  And in this case, I have to tell him several dogs ate my homework.
“I was involved in a project to do some wells, both to provide water now, and to gather data over time as we reviewed the local aquifer.  I have some fears about climate changes.  But I am no longer with that company.”
“Jessica has been down here to work on the Kalahari project.”  Elsa got that in so fast it was like she was trying to catch me as I fell.  “Her team put in ninety wells.  They should have marvelous data about how the aquifer adjusts over time.  They intend to monitor the wells over many years.”
“Thank you for your work.  I am sure it was not easy.”  
He seemed sincere in his praise.  And Elsa kept things moving.
“They were out over two months, pounding two wells a day, camping out in the desert.”
“Hardships, of course, but valuable work.  We need to know where water is, and we need to know how it is faring under a variety of climatic conditions.”
“Thank you.”  
I wasn’t sure what else to say.  I guess the professor was giving me a passing grade.  The bartender brought over two glasses of white wine (I guess Elsa had ordered) and two glasses of water.  Klaus got a large beer.  
Over the next half hour the other couples drifted off, I had a refill on both the water and the wine, and Elsa and Klaus caught up on projects Klaus had done for the Bank.  I was happy to lean back and let them talk past me.  I wondered about the two of them.  Multiple projects together.  Similar interests.  This reunion.  Where was this going?  And was I in the way?
Elsa decided we should go in for dinner.  We would meet again in half an hour.  Time to walk the plank.  I let Elsa go first again.  Klaus followed me over.  I was hoping he would be a gentleman and pull whatever was left of me free from whatever a croc got of me.  As it turned out, I made it over the plank, all of my limbs still attached.
Back in our little cabin, Elsa decided we should change for dinner.  Off with the shorts and polos, on with dresses.  We both went with dresses we had bought in Windhoek – very African in colors.  Cotton prints in bright reds and oranges, bits of black to emphasize the other colors.  No question, people would notice us.  Lots of skirt to swing.  I noticed Elsa also spent a fair amount of time in front of a mirror.  Not too much makeup, but some, and lots of effort on her hair.  I stood to one side and made some effort, but there was my mousy brown versus her shimmering blond.  You can guess how we looked side by side.
Were we ready in half an hour?  Not even close.  But I think we looked pretty good entering the restaurant.  Not a big place.  When you only have eight or ten cabins, your lodge only needs eight or ten tables.  And only half were occupied.  The owners had made an effort at decorating.  Large murals along the walls, bamboo across the ceiling, cloths on the tables. Ceiling lamps turned low.
Klaus had changed his shirt and added a blazer.  No tie.  Big smile when he saw us.  He seated both of us, me next to him, Elsa across.  I thought maybe he leaned a bit over Elsa as he seated her.  Can’t blame him.  She was beautiful.
He already had a bottle of white wine on the table.  I violated every rule of etiquette and did the pouring.  I also thought I would get a few words in before Elsa and Klaus moved to their topics.
“I have to ask.  The crocs.  Was the sign by the tiki bar real, or just something to entertain the tourists?” 
“Very real.  If you like, we can take a boat out tomorrow and you will see plenty of them.  Plus hippos, which are actually more dangerous.”
“We had plenty of danger in Etosha.”
That started about two hours of stories.  Elsa and I described the lion chase.  Klaus told about venturing into a remote cave only to find a hibernating bear.  We all had stories to tell, and had a great time telling them.  The wine was good, the food fine, time just disappeared.  It was fun.  He seemed a great guy.  Lots of smiles.  Laughter at this silly moment or that odd encounter.  The basic theme was – we had some adventures and came out of them fine.  Maybe the other theme was how good it felt to sit together and talk.
Eventually we stepped back out into the night.  The air was warm.  The area was lit by a few lights up on poles.  The moon was up.  Without thinking much about it, we gravitated toward the river.  The tiki bar was closed.  We could hear water splashing against it.  I checked the shore line carefully before going very close.  The moon was reflected on the river, and we stood to watch ripples in the moonlight.
Funny, after all the talking we had done at dinner, now we were silent.  We stood in a row, me in the middle.  Elsa took my hand, and I could feel her hip against mine.  And, a moment later, Klaus took my other hand.  Three friends staring at a river.  I was somewhat surprised when Klaus took my hand, but it felt okay.  It matched the moment.  The quiet, the moon, the river.  I liked it.
Moon or not, you can’t just stare at a river forever.  We backed away and walked to our cabins, still holding hands.  We got to Klaus’ cabin first.  Elsa kissed him.  And he held her like he had done it before.  It was a long kiss followed by a smile.  My turn?  Shaking his hand seemed pretty stupid.  I stepped close, expecting to kiss his cheek.  Instead, I kissed him on the lips.  Both of us kept our hands to ourselves, so it was a pretty platonic kiss.  Well, mostly platonic.
Our cabin was right next door.  I wondered if Elsa would go back to him later.  But she didn’t.  The two of us spent the night together.  Satin, hugs, kisses, fondling.  And then – a conversation.
“I am going back to Joburg tomorrow.  I’ll catch a plane in Victoria Falls.  Two hours in the air and I will be home.  Then off to an assignment in Canada.”
“What time do we leave?”
“You can come with me if you wish, but he came a long way to meet you.  Don’t you think you should give him a day or two?”
“I thought he was here for you.”
“We had our time together.”  Elsa and I were lying face to face, her hand in my hair stroking me a bit like a cat.  She had a nice touch.  “We decided we were better as friends than lovers.”
“And us?”  My hand was on her back, mostly to help me hold myself to her.
“We have a future.  I am sure of that.”  She had the world’s best smile.  
“So…”
“You drill wells.  He’s an hydrologist.  A match made in heaven.”
“I no longer drill wells.  I got fired.”
“Can I tell your future?”
“Sure.”  
She seemed a bit smug to me right at that moment.  She knew my future?  Was she talking about us, or something else?
“You and Emil had a pact.  You would drill and you would study the aquifer.  The company has gone off in a new direction.  But I don’t think you have.  You will drill.  Maybe not for a while, but you will drill.”
“So you set me up with an hydrologist.”
“An hydrologist who looks at you the way he did all night.  And, you were looking right back.”
“He’s just…”
“He’s a man worth a few days of your time.  He will teach you more about water than anyone else in the world.  And, he will hold your hand.  You need that too.”
“I have you for that.”
“Yes, you always will.  But I think you also need a new man in your life.  Maybe it’s him.  He flew to Africa to meet you.  Give him a couple days.”
That ended the conversation.  We were all over each other for a while.  She may have skinny legs, but she felt good in my arms.



Chapter 26
Foreplay

I never said if I would stay or go.  But Elsa made it clear she would be going alone.  Any comments about her travels started with “I,” not “we.”  She pulled on one of her new Windhoek dresses to travel in.  I put on one too, not to travel, but to look good for her.  And maybe for Klaus.  Elsa knows how to pack.  She had her bag full and in the car in minutes.
And then we stood.  Klaus joined us and the two of them went at it pretty good.  I half waited for him to carry her back to his cabin.  She seemed plenty willing to go.  But eventually they separated, her new dress showing a few new creases.  My turn.  I had not timed her embrace with Klaus, but I made sure I exceeded whatever the time was.  And, yes, both our dresses got a couple new wrinkles.  And both of us were plenty hot.
She finally got the car moving south to Victoria Falls.  Klaus and I stood and watched for a moment.  Then I felt him take my hand.
“One more thing we have in common – our love for Elsa.”
I turned toward him.  He seemed sincere.  He loved Elsa.  I loved Elsa.  Somehow, rather than drive us apart, he thought that brought us together.  Correct.  In part.  But Elsa had been right.  She had seen how I had looked at him.  And, I will admit I was looking at him again.  Tanned.  Deeply tanned.  Good chin.  Blue eyes.  A bit narrow.  Many days squinting in the sun.  Patient.  He stood and let me look at him.
“Jessica, I will be with you as long as you want.  When you tire of me, I will drive you to Victoria Falls and get you on a plane.  I am yours to command.”
“Let’s start with breakfast.”
Define foreplay.  When I look back on that day, it seems to me the whole day was preparation for that night.  
Breakfast?  He seated me.  I think maybe there are six men left in the world who still do that.  He sat next to me.  And while he never touched me, he leaned over his plate, close to me.  Always close to me.  Blueberry pancakes and a smile.
The boat ride?  The couple that owned the lodge had a small aluminum boat.  Looked like any fishing boat back in Amberg.  Maybe ten or twelve feet, aluminum seats rear, middle, and front.  Ten horse Johnson outboard at the back.  The wife took us out.  Easy turns, slow speeds, a chance to watch the shore for “slides.”  Crocs would use the smooth slides to climb up the embankment.  
Klaus and I sat together in the middle seat.  I took his hand.  He talked over the noise of the outboard.  Not much talk.  No endless lecture.  Simple comments about where to look.  I held his hand.  I held it tighter when he pointed to a hump in the river.  He pointed and looked over his shoulder.  The woman from the lodge was already swinging the boat well away.  
“Hippos.  If we get too close, they feel challenged.  They will flip the boat, then drown us.”
“Let’s not get too close.”  I know, a stupid thing to say, but I felt I needed to say something.
We were on the river maybe forty five minutes.  Slow.  Always slow.  Watching the bank for crocs and the water for hippos.  We saw maybe a half dozen crocs.  None very close to the lodge.  I got a couple pictures with my phone.  Mostly I felt the wind in my hair and my hand in Klaus’.  My skirt blew around a bit, and he noticed.  Foreplay.
Back on shore, we sat at the end of the tiki bar and spent most of the day playing with his float.  I held his clipboard and recorded the seconds required for the float to go a hundred meters. He spooled the thing back up, then cast it out again like he was fishing for bass.  I have no idea how many times we did that.  I filled one sheet and started on a second.  Lots of numbers.  Did they really tell the world how much water was flowing down the Zambesi and then over Victoria Falls?  Klaus wasn’t sure how valid any of this was.  He was gathering data for a friend.
I wrote numbers, Klaus cast the float, and we talked.
I described the Highway 2 project – our plan to find water sources on the south shore of Lake Superior.  I told him how the project started and what we were doing at each bottling plant.  I also reminded him I was no longer with the company.  He said he had maps to show me.  He also had bad news.  Mining.  A century of iron mining had made a mess.  My drilling would be constrained.  I reminded him I had been fired.  Somehow that got me started talking about Emil.   And there was an arm around my shoulders.
Later in the afternoon the tiki bar opened.  The bartender brought us water and wine for me, beer for Klaus.  Several other couples came out and Klaus talked about what we were doing.  More talk.  More time passing.  One of the couples went in for dinner.  We went back to our cabins to change.
I never changed.  I just sat on my bed for an hour.  I knew what would happen after dinner.  What I wanted to happen.  And, I was excited, but also uncomfortable.  Emil had been dead for less than five months.  Not so long.  Not so long at all.  Certainly not a full year.  Wasn’t that the standard?  A year?  Yet, there I was, knowing full well what I would be doing in a couple hours.  So soon.  I sat for an hour, spent another fifteen minutes working on my hair (why would it never go where I wanted it to go?), and went off to dinner knowing dinner was just another bit of foreplay.
Can I skip dinner?  It was nice.  Some sort of fish.  And a good South African wine.  Enough description?  You know what I was thinking as I sat there.  What I was feeling.  We talked.  A bit of this and a bit of that.  He didn’t seem to be having much more success than me.  Words came, and then words stopped.  Lots of looking.  Our eyes would meet, and then we would reach for a glass or decide we needed another forkful of fish.  
It went on forever.  Finally I ended our agony.  I just took his hand and left.
No, I didn’t run, but I moved fast enough.  And moonlight or not, I didn’t stop to look at the river or anything else.  Past his cabin, to my cabin, and in.  I left him standing in the main room while I grabbed a nightgown from my suitcase and changed in the bathroom.  Another comb through my hair (with no real improvement), and I was out.  Satin night gown, slit up one leg, lace along a very low neckline.  It screamed “come take me.”
He was just standing there.  I touched his hand, than slid into my bed.  Smart enough to be a professor, he was smart enough to get out of his clothes pretty quick.  Into my bed he came, the two of us lying face to face.
And here’s where I probably drove him to a whole new level of frustration.  I put a hand on his chest.  I held it there.  I held him off.  Talk about mixed messages.  I invite him into my bed, then hold him off.  Had he forced me, I would not have blamed him.  But he didn’t.  His hand went to my back, his fingers sliding down my spine before his hand held my ass.  Yes, whenever he got to my ass he pulled me closer, but still, my hand stayed on his chest.  His fingertips down my spine?  I imagined sparks.  It did feel like electricity.  Tiny sparks down my back followed by a large hand holding my ass.  And he just kept doing it.
Why am I keeping that stupid hand on his chest?  I am adjusting.  Adjusting to having this man in my bed.  Adjusting to looking at this man while my head rests on a pillow.  And yes, I was enjoying what he was doing with his hand.
Where did all this lead?  I fell asleep.  Really.  I am waiting all day for this, and now that he is here, I fall asleep.  But you know, that says something, right?  I was so comfortable with this man I could fall asleep in his arms.  And I slept well.
Bigger surprise?  He didn’t leave.  He was still right there looking at me, his fingers still stroking my back when I woke.  I looked, I smiled, I slid my hand up from his chest, held the back of his neck, and pulled him over onto me.  It took him a moment to get into position while I pulled up my skirt.  Then I wrapped my fingers around him and pulled him into me.  I hope he felt it was worth the wait.  It certainly felt marvelous to me.
When he climaxed I wrapped my arms and legs tight around him and held him to me.  I guess I was taking possession.  I held him like that most of the morning.  And we never said a word.



Chapter 27
Victoria Falls

I was happy.  Just as simple as that.  I felt great.  Quick shower, quick breakfast, quick job of packing and loading his car.  We were off to Victoria Falls.  Worse road in all of Africa.  Gravel in an endless series of lumps and bumps.  He needed both his hands on the wheel.  I had a free hand and kept it on him.  Shoulder, thigh, back of his neck as I played with his hair.  I never stopped touching him.  And I never stopped feeling good.  No, great.  I was one happy woman.
The falls?  We had a brief border stop as we crossed into Zimbabwe, and then we were there.  Huge parking lot nearly filled.  I took his hand, and we walked.  Let me see if I can describe the setting.  The falls is wide, and high.  Too wide to get a good picture (Take a panorama camera with you.)  It falls into an oval catch basin.  You stand on the other side of the basin.  Great views.  Also, no guard rails, so watch your step.  The falls throws up a constant spray, so everything is wet.  Vendors are there to sell umbrellas and rain ponchos.  Not for us.  I thought the mist felt good.  But I did stay several feet back from the edge of the viewing area.  I could easily imagine slipping on wet grass and dropping a hundred feet into the river.
We took lots of pictures with our phones, of course, but much of the time we just stood and watched the river come over the falls.  My first waterfall, and I was impressed.  Klaus stood behind me, his arms wrapped around my shoulders.  I rested my head back on his shoulder, and yes, I did sometimes push my ass back at him.  It was a good couples position.  Klaus did it well.  He held me tight and nuzzled my neck.  I was a happy woman.
How long did we stay there?  I don’t know.  An hour.  Maybe two.  We moved to several different spots and got more pictures.  But wherever we stood, we had a good view of the falls.  No need to get to the perfect spot.  I found myself scanning the falls, left to right.  So wide.  The river had to be two or three times wider here than it had been upriver in Katima Mulilo.  I wondered if the water Klaus had been measuring the day before was already over the falls.  Probably.
The river flowed south out of the catch basin.  Narrow again.  Well below our feet.  Odd really.  Ordinary river, massive falls, then ordinary river again.  I suspected my new friend the hydrologist could explain it all to me.  But I didn’t want an explanation.  I just wanted to watch the falls and feel the arms around me.
Klaus said he had reservations for us at a lodge on the other side of the river.  I stood a bit longer.  It was already mid-afternoon.  Time to get going.  But he felt good, and the spray was cool on my face, and, well, he really did feel good.  But eventually I took his hand.  Back to the car.  
I was traveling with him, I felt good with him, I felt good.  As I sat in the car I could still feel his arms around my shoulders.  I liked the feeling.  I leaned back, relaxed, and felt really good about the world.
How did things go wrong?  I had months to consider that question.  I never came up with a consistent answer, but I usually fell back on three points.  
The first was the hotel.  Sorry, it seems a lot to put on a simple building, but I was uncomfortable from the moment we walked in.  It was a Hilton.  Four stars, I am sure.  Two story, maybe eighty rooms, a large semi-circle wrapped around a pool, outdoor dining, and a tiki bar.  The interior decorator had filled it with what I’m sure they called an “African theme.”  Thatched roofs sat on top of the real roofs.  Reed baskets hung from walls.  Murals of lions and antelopes graced each hallway.  As we walked the place I thought in Mexico the walls would have serapes and pinatas.  In Italy there would be murals of Lombardi poplars and vineyards.  But the same walls would be under all of them.  The same building plan and amenities.  In short, I needed two steps into the hotel to realize I had left Africa and entered Corporate World.
But, Klaus held my hand as we followed a man with our luggage to a very nice room.  Windows faced the pool, a wooded hillside in the distance.  And Klaus held me hand.  The porter was barely out of the room when I was all over Klaus.
“Undress me.”
I had my arms around his neck, my hips tight to his.  I rose up on my toes and kissed him.
He took his time.  I was wearing another of my Africa dresses, and he started by pulling skirt up around my ass and lifting me.  Great start.  I wrapped my legs around his waist.  I was also kissing his neck and his face.  He eventually found the time to unzip my dress and unhook my bra.  While he was doing that, I was unbuttoning his shirt.  I had it off his shoulders before he had my dress off.  But he got me undressed fast enough.
Big bed, good man.  I dragged him on top of me and pulled him into me.  It felt really good.
Here’s where I tell you the sex was great (it was), and we lay together wet and panting (we did), and we whispered our love (we didn’t).  We probably spent a couple hours in that bed, and I’m not sure we said a word.  I stayed on my back, he stayed stretched over me, we both kept our hands busy, but neither of us talked.  Hands, kisses, thighs sliding against each other.  No words.  A first for me.
Eventually the fading sun told us it was getting near dinner time.  We showered.  Lots of water, lots of touching.  Then I made mistake number two.  I told Klaus I wanted to do some shopping.  The hotel had several shops.  I wanted to check out one.  Klaus said he would wait for me in the tiki bar.
The shop sign said “Resort Wear”.  Not a large place, and not much selection, but it had what I wanted.  I had been wearing the dresses I had bought in Windhoek.  Bright colors, longer skirts.  I wanted to entice.  The shop had what I wanted.  Sleeveless, flared skirt to mid-thigh, neckline that did the most with my chest.  Some synthetic fabric that gave it a sheen.  And it was yellow.  Elsa looked good in yellow.  I would too.  I would seduce my man.  The dress was eight hundred bucks.  I was sure I could buy it for two hundred online, but it was here, I was here, Klaus was here.  I handed over my card and went back to my room to change.
I spent an hour in the bathroom.  One more attempt to do something good with my hair.  More makeup than I had worn since getting to Africa.  Lots of turns in front of the mirror to check the dress.  I strapped on three inch heels and checked myself again.  I think I looked good.  I was pretty sure he would be attracted.  I wanted that.  Boy, did I want that.  
He was at the tiki bar, watching for me.  Instant smile.  I crossed the patio feeling like I was walking a run way.  Klaus watched my every move.  So did fifty others.  Suddenly I was a lot less comfortable.  I should have waited with the dress until we were alone in our room.  Now what?  Go to him, stand with him, have a drink, and ignore other eyes.
Not easy.  I stood close.  That shielded part of me.  He held me close.  That helped.
“Du bist shon.” 
“English, Klaus.”
“But you understand the German.”
“Yes, I am beautiful.”
“Meine frau.”
Was I his woman?  I was for the moment.  We stood, had our drinks, then took a table near the pool.  Large umbrella to block the sun, a thin layer of thatch stapled over the top.  No need for either, really.  The sun had already dropped below the building to the west.  We were in shade.
“My apartment is along the river that runs through Heidelberg.”  
He interrupted his description long enough to order dinner for both of us.  I would be eating a salad with some grilled fish.  He would have a gemsbok steak.  He wanted a South African pinotage to accompany.  I sat with my boobs hanging out and an evening breeze blowing up my skirt while he took charge.
He had a pen and drew a picture on a cocktail napkin.
“Our apartment is here.  This is a pedestrian bridge.  Here, behind the main cathedral is the Christmas market.  You will love it.  We will walk over there each night.  We will drink gluh wine to keep warm.  Over the winter there are dances at the castle.  The French blew up most of it, but there is a ballroom that has been preserved.  It’s very large and people go there to waltz.  We will be invited to parties there.  When we are warm from dancing, we will walk out onto the balcony and look down at the city.  It is beautiful, Jessica, truly beautiful.”
I’m hearing my future.  Our apartment.  Slip of the tongue, or an expectation?  Gluh wine at the Christmas market.  Dancing at some castle.  Parties we will attend.  So, when our time in Africa is over, I will fly with him to Germany?
“Did you really fly to Africa to meet me?”
“I was doing some consulting for a company in South Africa.  I ran into Elsa.  We talked.  About you.”
“Have I measured up?”  Yes, that was a bit brusque, but I had to ask.   
 “Jessica, I would like you to come to Heidelberg with me.  I think you will like it there.  I can give you a very good life.”
Our food arrived.  We ate.  He talked.  Something about the castle and Louis the fourteenth.  I wondered what Elsa had told him.  I can give you a very good life.  He can give.  Did I need?  He knew I had left Naturale.  Did he think me poor?  Unemployed?  He would give, I would take?
As he talked and I wondered, his eyes never left me.  My face.  My chest.  I had selected a dress to show my chest.  He looked.  I had worn a skirt high on my thighs.  His hand pushed it higher.  While he looked at me.  And my chest.  I had wanted to entice.  I was enticing.  I was also uncomfortable.  Why was that?  Don’t know.
By the time we finished our meal the breeze had gotten cool.  I was pleased to have his arm around me as we returned to our room.  As we approached our room his hand slid from my shoulder to my back to my ass.  I understood what was coming.
He was rough.  I feared he would tear my dress.  I managed to get out of it fast enough to save it.  He picked me up, put me on my back, tore my panties off, and fucked me.  No foreplay.  Not even a kiss.  Slam bam, and no time for thank you mam.  He just fucked me.
When he finished, he stayed on me.  My legs spread, my arms pinned to my side, his weight on my hips and chest.  His face hovering over mine.  I thought maybe I could roll out from under him.  No.  He just held me tighter.  I wasn’t going anywhere.
A message to his frau.  He would give me a good life.  And he would fuck me when he chose.  In Heidelberg.  Our apartment near the river.  The one I would clean.  Walks to the Christmas market.  Parties with his friends.  Friends I would cook for.  Friends I would entertain.  He would take care of me.  I was shon.  He would order my meals and schedule my days.  And fuck me when he chose.
“Klaus, I want you to let go of me.”
“We will leave for Heidelberg tomorrow.”
I’m looking up at a man who has things all settled in his mind.  I am his woman.  On my back, on my knees, I am his.  Am I?  The happy girl/woman with a hand on him as he drove.  The woman who leaned back into him for hours as we watched the falls.  Did that establish possession?  What did he think I was telling him?  I was his to take?  The dress.  I wore a dress for him.  Obvious message – I am dressing for you.  To please you.  To entice you.  Take me. 
That had been a mistake.  Too much.  I had shown too much.  Too much desire.  Too much me.  I had wanted him too much.  And he had taken.  Now, as I lay trapped in his arms, now I had to decide.  Did I let him take me to Heidelberg?  Did I become his woman – seine frau?  His to hold?  His to fuck?  His to live in Heidelberg, in his bed and in his kitchen.
“I’m not going to Heidelberg.  You can’t just fuck me.  I don’t know where things went wrong, but I’m not yours for the taking.”
“It took you fourteen steps to cross to the tiki bar in your new dress.  Every step and every expression on your face said you wanted me.”
“I did.  And I do.  But not like this.  And not as your Heidelberg frau.”
“As what then?”
“I don’t know.”
He still didn’t let me go.  I waited a few minutes, then raised my head and kissed him.
“Hold me as long as you want.  I like it.  But let me go when I ask.  I’m not a sex toy.  And you can’t just throw me down and fuck me. “
“No rough sex.”
“If I want it rough, I will let you know.”
“We have things to work out.  We will work them out in Heidelberg.”
“Klaus, tomorrow I am flying to Wisconsin, not Heidelberg.  Maybe we will see each other sometime.  If we do, do you understand the rules?  My rules?”
“You will live in a caravan in a small town?  Come with me to Heidelberg.  The city is beautiful.  So is my apartment.  Our apartment.  You will love the shops.  I will treat you well.  You will live well.”
“I live well in Wisconsin.”
“You will live better with me.”
“Klaus, enough.”
He held me all night.  Gently.  He stroked my hair.  I woke several times and kissed him.  Heidelberg?  Not yet.  I had to be a lot more sure of him.  And we would have to avoid mistakes two and three.  I wouldn’t dress like a forty year old hooker, and he would not take control of my life.



Chapter 28
Winter in Amberg

We made love again in the morning.  Not our best effort.  Confused, I guess.  What needed to be said?  How tight could we hold each other?  What were my hands permitted?  Nothing that we couldn’t work out over time, but our time was up.  We ended up with reasonable sex, a good shower, and some ass grabbing as I dressed.  I wore one of my Africa dresses.  Lots of color, and more fabric over my legs and arms.  He carried my bags to the hotel shuttle and held me tight at the door.  Final words?
“I’d like you to visit me in Heidelberg.”
“Someday I’ll visit.”
“If you visit, you know I will ask you to stay.”
Final kiss and I joined half a dozen retirees headed home.  
The flights?  Endless but I paid for business class.  And, I went through a fair amount of free wine.  Victoria Falls to Joberg to London to Chicago to Green Bay.  I think a couple days passed.  I hadn’t seen a movie in years.  By Chicago I was pretty sure I was caught up.
In some airport shop I bought a winter coat, and with that pulled over my Africa dress, this mildly drunk lady arrived in Green Bay.  In December.  I think I have complained plenty about winters in Amberg.  It is dark at 4, the cold is brutal, snow shoveling is the local sport.  Every day you hope your car will start.  Things are so bad, some people take up ice fishing to pass the time.  If ever there was a sign of pure desperation, it is ice fishing.
But I was home for the first winter in three years, and I was back with my family.  Family.  Do you mind if I brag about my family?  I promise it will just be a page or two.
First, my daughters.  Tiffany’s kids were now old enough for day care and kindergarten, so she was back to work at her clinic half days.  Husband Ben was constantly inventing new ways to run lab tests and was in contact with a company about patenting a new machine (please don’t ask me for details.  I can’t even pronounce the name of the test).  His success was nice, but what I really liked to see was how he was with the kids – and with Tiffany.  The kids crawled up on his lap, and he and Tiffany still touched each other and smiled, so I figured things were going well.
In some ways Tiffany had taken over for me.  The U.S. has two huge holidays – Thanksgiving and Christmas.  Families gather for both.  In the past, they had gathered at my trailer.  Now the girls split them – Thanksgiving at Tiffany’s, and Christmas at Britney’s.  I brought sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie, but it was the girls who did the hosting, and they did it well.
Speaking of Britney, she was still helping my dad with the laundromats and working one morning at the Niagara Clinic.  Patty and Amy were both in preschool.  Britney mentioned that there might be a third baby soon.  Good for her – and Billy.  Billy had taken over the repair of all the laundromat machines, and had even begun repairing the machines for a place in Iron Mountain.  He was still working at the bottling plant.  He had finished his on-line engineering technology program at the voctech and had done all the machine repair trainings at the plant.  It was clearly time for him to be promoted, but that hadn’t happened yet.  Something was odd about that, but it would take me a while to figure it out.
So, daughters and husbands doing well, grandkids growing up, losing teeth and gaining personalities (some stubbornness, lots of curiosity, generally good demeanor, very little whining), basically all a mom and grandma wants to see.
As for my father, well, he was deep into his eighties and it showed.  He was gradually selling off all his businesses (some I hadn’t known he had owned), turning some things over to Billy and Britney, but keeping the Amberg bar, which was now where he spent all his afternoons.  Britney still stopped by daily to get him some lunch and check up on him, but he seemed to be doing fine.  Winter can be dangerous to older folks – one slip in the snow and the hip was gone and walking might be permanently gone.  But the guy he hired to snow blow the sidewalk in front of his businesses also ran it around the side of the bar and over to dad’s front door, so the walk was fairly safe, and dad used his walking sticks pretty well.
One problem with dad?  Some moron at the bar had shown him how to use Amazon.  Now the guy who had been shut out of my childhood and my daughters’ childhood by my mother was finally able to be around preschoolers – his great grandchildren.  He spent an hour a day on Amazon picking things he was certain his great grand kids would love.  And they did.  But he had toys coming their way on a daily basis.  My daughters had to stop him.  It was too much for the kids.  They set limits – birthdays, holidays, and maybe one thing a month.  He decided months had just three weeks in them, but mostly he kept to the agreement.  Why my grandkids weren’t completely spoiled is one of life’s mysteries.   
Me?  I had Sunday dinner with Tiffany’s crew one week and with Britney’s family the next.  Lovely meals.  Lots of “Show grandma what you made in school this week.”  And I would look at artwork, or spelling lists, or maps of the U.S. with each state a different color.  They let me take some of it home, and it went right up on my refrigerator.
Every couple weeks I would meet the girls for some shopping in Green Bay.  Stores, lunch, time to talk.  Just us.  The first couple lunches I talked about Africa.  Those were the easy conversations.  It took me a month to finally talk about Bern.  It took about two minutes to talk about losing the North American division.  Corporate power plays happen.  They understood.  I had been fired and removed from the castle and the Gruber family.  There wouldn’t be future visits to the castle.  My grandkids would not be running down those long hallways or racing up the steps of the south turret.  Switzerland was over.
They held my hands.  Listened.  Didn’t interrupt.  Didn’t attempt to “solve the problem.”  I got a kiss on the cheek and “We’re glad to have you home again.”  I did point out they Swiss had paid me well to go away, so I could pick up the lunch check.
Wednesday nights I had dinner with dad and did some cleaning and laundry for him.  Mostly I saw dad at the Amberg bar, because I went back to bartending for him Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night.  Morgan was still his main bartender, meaning that I still had lot of cleaning to do on Thursday, but I also had lots of quiet times to talk with dad, and several evenings to catch up with old friends.  Dad gave me a raise – I now made nine fifty an hour, plus maybe three bucks a night in tips.
Life fell into a routine, as all lives do.  I put new tires on my Toyota and filled my propane tank.  I grocery shopped at the Wausaukee IGA and sometimes stayed for lunch at the Wausaukee diner.  Sometimes I ran into people I knew, and we would stand and talk until we got cold.  My trailer needed serious cleaning after my long absence, so I had that to keep me busy for several weeks.  Every few weeks I drove over to the Hilton resort for dinner.  A few people smiled, and I shook a few hands, but I ate alone.  You get the basic idea – it was a little of this, and a little of that, and time passed.
January and February dragged on as they always do, but March came with longer days and heavy snows followed by some melting.  Sap started rising in the trees.  And sap started rising in people.  The bar seemed busier.  I know we sold more beer.  
I started feeling a bit restless.  I decided my trailer could use an upgrade.  Maybe a garage.  Maybe a shed.  Billy connected me to a contractor he trusted.  He came over to the trailer, and as things often go with contractors, by the end of that afternoon I was signed up for a basement and an addition.  The basement would be work (we’d have to raise the trailer before putting a basement under it), but it made sense.  Trailers just sit up on a few blocks, and even if you put some wood panels around the base, wind and cold still get under the trailer and your floors are always freezing cold.  No one walks around a trailer with bare feet.  
The addition?  Once we started playing with paper and pencil, it just seemed to naturally flow.  We would build an eighteen foot addition along the back of the trailer, all of it over the new basement, with both the addition and the trailer covered by a new roof.  It would more than double the size of my home, while still keeping the parts that I had lived in for forty four years.  The addition would include a second bathroom (that would have been heavenly back when the girls were in high school and spent forever on their hair), and a new bedroom, but most of the space was just to extend the living room so I would have more space when the kids and grandkids visited.  Turned out I knew the contractor’s family and trusted them.  So I signed the papers and waited for the spring thaw.  It was pretty exciting.



Chapter 29
Intermission


When I look back at that winter, I see it as a kind of intermission.  I had been everywhere and done everything over the last half dozen years.  Soon I would be busy again.  That winter?  I had a little of this and a little of that, but I mostly had peace and quiet.  Intermission.
I mentioned I was back tending bar.  That’s a bit misleading.  It wasn’t the same.  Before, during the ten years my fulltime job was tending bar, I made nine dollars an hour.  Each morning I was grateful if my truck started.  I prayed my propane tank would not go empty before winter ended.  My morning was getting the girls off to school and checking their homework before they got on the bus. Evenings at the bar I was truly grateful if someone left a dollar tip.  I was poor.  And I felt the stress of the poor.
Now?  I had millions invested for me and a hundred thousand dollars in my checking account.  It makes a difference.  My nights at the bar I smiled, I talked, I walked around in warm boots with a newer SUV parked outside.  If someone left me a tip, that was nice.  It was a gesture of friendship.  It didn’t impact what I bought at the grocery store.  It didn’t mean the girls could get a second plate of mac and cheese.
No stress.  I was in a different place in my life.
My work hours were one to nine.  The bar was small.  A long bar to your left as you walked in.  Bar stools for twelve to fourteen.  A pool table in the middle of the room.  Two small tables to the right.  Registered capacity?  Forty.  Real capacity?  Maybe a dozen on a Friday night.  Six or eight any other night.  Serving that few people didn’t require much effort.  Two bucks for a glass of beer.  Two bucks for a shot of brandy.  It rarely got more complicated than that.
Dad insisted on keeping the place open until nine.  Maybe he just wanted to see some lights on Main Street.  The restaurant closed at two.  The tiny grocery closed at six.  The post office closed in 1970.  When I closed the door at nine, the town was officially closed for the night.  Most nights the last customers were gone by eight.  Sometimes by seven thirty.  About once a week some guy would stay to the end, the last guy in the place, his hair combed and his cleanest shirt on.  He would make an effort.  I would politely refuse.  The guy would never press his luck.  I kept it friendly.  I thought the time might come, but it hadn’t come yet.  I was comfortable sleeping alone.
On nights when I had the bar to myself for an hour or two, I did some cleaning, but I also did some staring.  I would look across the street.  There had never been businesses there, even in Amberg’s heyday.  Railroad tracks ran down the other side of the street.  Abandoned tracks.  1960?  1970?  No one was too sure when the trains had stopped running.  So there was nothing to see over there.  Some snow piles, a row of pines, neither very visible in the dark.  I was staring at nothing.
But I was seeing lots.  Memories.  Former husbands, the girls finishing high school, the girls finishing nursing school.  My hotels.  Sometimes my lovers.  I made sort of a mental checklist of all the good things that had happened to me.  It was an incredibly long list.  Really.  So many good things.  Good people.
And now?  It was an intermission.  I knew that.  I was forty four.  Too young to retire.  There would be more.  Maybe in the spring.  What’s that old Frost poem?  Promises to keep?  Miles before I sleep?  Emil.  There was a promise I would keep.  Water.  He would do Europe.  I would do America.  How?  I didn’t know.  Where?  Not sure.  When?  Soon enough.  After this intermission.  After I mop the floor and restock the bar.  After I have some more dinners with my father and Sundays with my grandkids.
Spring was coming, and I had a promise to keep.




Chapter 30
Cello Man

When did intermission end?  Late March.  A conversation ended it.  I didn’t know that at the time, but it was the conversation that did it.  I was tending bar.  I heard a name.  I had a conversation.  And everything flowed from that, not that I knew it at the time.
The conversation?  It began with three guys at the bar, one of whom was Billy.  They were just in for a beer after work.  They came by maybe once a week.  I gave them their beers, then went over to another bunch – loggers – who wanted beer and our really bad pizzas.  I’m standing by the pizza maker, waiting for it to “ding” so I can take out bad pizza dough covered with fake cheese and wafer thin pepperoni slices, and on the other end of the bar I can hear the guys with Billy laughing and using the term “Celloman.”
Finally the pizza is done, so I give it to the loggers and then wander over to my son-in-law.
“What’s the joke?”
Billy just holds up his phone.  There is a picture of Gunther Handel, my replacement as head of Naturale’s North American division.  He is wearing white tie and tails, and holds a cello between his knees.  He is staring into the camera as if contemplating the infinite value of music.  Below his picture is his name, and a few sentences describing his involvement with “Classics Four,” a string quartet found at the best receptions and conferences in the Twin Cities.
“Did he quit the company?” I ask.
“No.  He is still division head, at least on paper.”  This from one of the other guys from the plant.  I think I went to school with his mother.
“But the guy has been ghosting us.”  This from Billy.  “I know Eileen has been trying to reach him for weeks about a machine that really should be replaced.  And he keeps postponing the safety training we should be getting.  He doesn’t return calls.  He doesn’t respond to emails.  We couldn’t figure out what was going on with the guy.  So we googled him, and now we know.  He has become Celloman.”
“Well, I guess the guy is entitled to a hobby.”  
What else can I say?  It’s pretty bad form to bad mouth your replacement.  There was some more conversation from the guys, talk about work not getting done, decisions not getting made.  I didn’t like the sound of the conversation, so I decided it was time for me to make another pizza.  As I walked away, I worried about Eileen.  I had hired her as plant manager, and as far as I knew, she was doing a good job.  Now it appeared she was stuck between her boss and her employees, never a good position to have.
Two days later I got Eileen’s take on the situation.  She came in after work and sat at the far end of the bar.  Obviously she wanted privacy, not that it was much of a problem that day.  Only two other guys were in the place, and they were parked in front of the TV, arguing with my father over why the Packer defense was so weak.  Dad was giving them a long lecture about Reggie White, which didn’t seem really relevant since White had retired and then died, but if you mention defense around my dad, you hear about Reggie White.
I brought Eileen a beer even though I knew she would just sip it.  We hugged across the bar, and we asked about each other’s family, and even wasted time on the weather before she was ready to talk about what she had come to talk about.  Conversations take time in Amberg.
“I understand Billy has talked to you about Mr. Handel.”
“We had a short conversation.  Just general comments about things taking longer than Billy thought they should.”  My guard is up at this point.  Eileen is an old friend, but Billy should not be complaining about senior managers.
“Billy is right.” 
Okay.  Now I’m more concerned.  Eileen should not be badmouthing her boss, and certainly not to me.  I can see heads rolling, starting with hers.  But she came to complain about the guy, and she is just getting started.
“He hasn’t done a plant visit in half a year.  He completely ignores our maintenance problems.  We have an extruder that should have been replaced last fall.  If it weren’t for Billy making constant repairs, that whole line would be shut down.  If I call, he is out.  If I email, there is no response.  The only contact I ever have with the man is a five word reply to my monthly production reports – ‘Thank you for this update.’  The same five words every month.”
“What do you hear from the other plant managers?”
“They have the same problem.  The guy has just vanished.  He has moved to Minneapolis.  No one sees him.  Ever.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Jess, I am hoping you can do something for me.  I am sure you still know people in the home office.  Could you call and maybe see what is going on with the guy?  Maybe let a few people know there are problems here?”
“First, you should know I didn’t ‘leave’ the company.  I was fired.  So my bridges are pretty much burned.  But even if I reached out to a couple people who might take my call, if I make that call, they will figure out pretty fast that I am hearing complaints at the plant – maybe you, maybe Billy.  One or both of you could get fired.”  I let that sink in.  “What if I try something else? What if I just go talk to Handel?”
“Yes, that might help.”  Did her face light up at this point?  Great idea, Jess, problem solved?  I feel so relieved now.  Sure.  In real life I am looking at Eileen and seeing uncertainty and frustration.  This is a woman who has run a bottling plant for years and done it successfully.  The fact that she has to come to me for help doesn’t sit well with her.  She’s embarrassed.  And I think she is also angry.  And, I think she is also aware that she may end up losing her job.  She wants to do what’s right.  But what’s right when your boss is a dick? 
She writes out the dick’s contact information, and we spend a few minutes talking about friends we have in common.  She sips a bit of her beer and leaves.
It occurs to me she is placing a lot of trust in me.  If I screw this up, she will pay the price, not me. Not a happy thought.  Meanwhile, the two guys by the TV are tired of arguing with my father.  They are trying to move the conversation to fishing.  But get dad started on Reggie White, well…  Prepare to listen.
It was about a week later that I had my conversation with Celloman.  Getting an appointment was easy.  I called, he answered, he would “love to see you again.”  We set a time Monday morning.  So far, so good.
Getting from Amberg to Minneapolis isn’t impossible, but our roads don’t make it easy.  Basically Wisconsin highways are designed to get people from Chicago up to resorts in our north.  So, driving south to north – easy.  Driving east to west – complicated.  I actually drove south to Green Bay and then west on 29 (four lanes), getting to St Paul in about six hours.  
Why St Paul and not Minneapolis?  Because St Paul has a hotel I once owned.  I hadn’t been there in years, and I guessed all my old friends in the front office would be gone (they were), but I had to see how the place was holding up.  Pretty damn well, if I have to say so myself.  I got my bag up to my room (great river views from every window), and then wandered all over the place, a huge smile on my face. I had owned the place when we did the major renovation on it, so I knew every decision about window placements and key design features.  I even decided where all the ferns would go.  Did I do well?  It sure looked like it.
I sat in the bar and sipped a glass of wine while looking out at the Mississippi (still mostly iced over), then moved to the dining room.  Just on a chance, I asked if Shirette Conner might be cooking that night.  Five minutes later both she and her sister Clarissa came rushing over to my table.  These two cooks and Shirette’s daughters had helped me do the catering for the Oregon Trail movie.  I had helped them get their current jobs when the movie finished (sorry, I know I should call it a “film.”)
What did I learn in between all the hugs and greetings?  Both women were happy in their work.  And Shirette was so proud of her daughters.  She was telling me about them before we got to the second “It is so good to see you.”  Both girls had been admitted to the University of Minnesota (first point of pride), and Jolene was already doing her residency for the physician’s assistant program (second point of pride) with a good chance of going on to med school in two or three years (pride now off the charts).  Marlena was getting a degree in secondary ed – history- and had published two articles about the Oregon Trail (fourth point of pride?  I was losing track).  In sum, we hugged, talked, laughed, hugged some more.  They finally had to go back to the kitchen, but they said they would take care of my meal.
And they did.  On the road to Oregon their challenge had been to cook on small stoves with limited ingredients, and they had done fine.  Now they had a real kitchen and a dozen other cooks to share recipes with.  So, no surprise, the food they sent out was a whole lot better than we had ever had roadside in Nebraska.  And they picked up the check.  Maybe that was point of pride number five.
So I was still feeling pretty good the next morning when I pulled out my phone and used my favorite app to direct me to an office complex in northern Minneapolis.  Not easy, and they can say what they want about “Minnesota nice,” but you put a million commuters on eight lanes of concrete and getting from point A to point B is anything but “nice.”  But I made it, no white knuckles, and limited heavy breathing.
Guenther’s office?  Just a single room.  Sign on the door, “Guenther Handel, President, North American Operations, Naturale.”  Probably twenty other offices for twenty other companies on the same hallway.  I knocked and went in.
Should I describe him or the office first?  The office.  It was huge, and nicely decorated. Good quality carpet on the floor, oak paneling on the walls, maybe a ten foot ceiling.  And it was mostly empty.   It had to be twenty feet wide and thirty or forty feet deep, and the only thing in it was his desk (at the far end), two leather chairs by the desk, and a music stand and cello to one side.  
Guenther?  Mid thirties.  A bit taller than average.  Posture that said he hit the gym every morning.  Hair a bit long for the US, but fine for Europe or for musicians.  Decent looking.  Not a heart throb, but as the saying goes, no one would throw him out of bed.  He had been sitting behind his desk when I arrived, a computer screen nearby, but I didn’t have the sense he had been looking at it.  He had been waiting for me.
He instantly came around his desk and gave me a hug.  “It is so good to see you again.”
The hug surprised me, as did the comment.  I think we had attended the same director meetings once or twice.  I don’t recall a single time we had shared a meal.  But, okay, if he was going to be friendly, that just made my job easier.  He held the hug, gave me a big smile and then directed me to one of the leather chairs.  Rather than go back behind his desk, he took the other chair, pulling it to mine, the two chair arms now touching, as were our knees.  All smiles.
Okay, my turn to say something.  I had a six hour drive to think up a brilliant opening line, but now that I was there, the best I could do was point to his cello, and say,
“I heard you are really quite a talent.”
“I love the cello.  You can play most of the same music as the violin, but the tone is so much deeper and richer.  I have been playing since I was five, barely able to get my arms around it.  By high school I was in the youth symphony.  When I was working on my MBA, I played in the Ann Arbor Symphony.  If the MBA program had lasted a bit longer, I would have made first chair.”  I am getting smiles, motions forward with his body, his hands reaching out and touching mine.  No question, the guy loves his cello.  
“And now?”
“I play when I can.  I am in two string quartets.  We play here and there.  It is a great way to meet people.  You’d be surprised by the network it can create.”
“So music and business…”
“Music and business and math.  You’d be surprised how often musical talent and math abilities go together.  I was a math prodigy.  To me the connection is most obvious in Bach.  I think he was the best mathematician of his era.  When I hear a Bach Fugue, I feel I am hearing elegant equations.”
Elegant equations?  Okay, this is so far over my head, I can’t even nod my head like I do when I look at art I can’t understand.  I am just staring at the guy.
“But, you didn’t drive all this way to hear about Bach.”  There is a smile on his face.  Very reassuring.  And he even reaches over and takes my hand.  Is this where I ask why he won’t buy a new extruder for the Amberg plant?  Probably not yet.
“I was passing through town and hoped you might give me the latest on how the plants are doing.”
“I thought you might have an interest in that.”  
Big smile.  Somehow he seems to be sitting even closer.  He is now holding my hand in both of his.
“I think I may have to disappoint you, Jess.  I know you did a marvelous job bringing the three bottling plants up to speed.  Really first rate work.”  I am seeing sympathy on his face like maybe my puppy has just died.  “But the numbers never worked.  All three plants have older equipment in constant need of repair.  The costs to operate are very unattractive.  All of them need substantial upgrades.  I go to the semi-annual capital budget meetings, but I can never present a return that was anywhere near what other division presidents can guarantee.  We are always bottom of the list for upgrades, and new plants are out of the question.  With Emil running the company, there might have been some chance of approval, but once he was gone and the projects had to compete on the merits…”
Long pause, sad eyes, his hand is now stroking my wrist.
“So the three plants…?”
“I am sure we can get another three to five years out of them.  Six if we squeeze every dime.”  
“Are new plants really impossible?  The idea was to get wells in now, even if they only produced small volumes.  We were hoping to pump now so we could record seasonal variations and do a general trend analysis.  The plan was to evaluate the entire aquifer south of Lake Superior.”
“Yes, I know you and Emil were very concerned about Global Warming, as we all should be.”  
His left hand is now stroking my arm.  His touch is light, but why is he touching me?  I shift forward in my chair, thinking I might stand, but of course that just puts me closer to him.  
“But we are talking fifty years down the road, Jess.  In the meantime, we have investors who have kids in school and homes they need to pay for.  Forty five years from now, I promise you, if there is a water shortage, we will start putting in wells.”
Forty five years?  I am at a complete loss.  There was so much more that needed to be done.
“Jess, in the meantime, we keep the current three plants open as long as we can.  Your friends will have job a little longer.  We will have to squeeze every dime to stay within ROI guidelines, but we can do that.  You want that, right?”
“Of course.”  
I stand.  Not sure why, other than I find it impossible to sit.  I worked my ass off upgrading those three plants, and now they just fade away as their equipment ages?  I stand, he stands too.  He has this big reassuring smile.  He puts his hands on my upper arms, his body tight to mine.  I try to step back, but my legs are up against his desk.
“I want to do that for you, Jess.”  
Pause for a smile and a nod.  Then his voice changes.  Quieter.  Like he is telling me a secret.  
“I also want to help with your other problem.”  Huh?  I am back to staring.
“I know how things are.  You have been out of work almost a year now.  Whatever severance they gave you is gone.  You are back in Amberg, back living in a trailer and tending bar.  I was very sorry to hear about all that, but I can help you with that.  Obviously I can’t give you a job with Naturale, but I have a large network.  When you said you were coming, I made some calls.  I found a great office assistant job for you just down the block.  You can stay with me while you are getting settled.”  
He is looking at me like he expects me to jump into his arms in gratitude.  That smile.  That salesman’s smile.  He has the exact product this customer needs – and at a very special price.  His hands have slid past my arms and to my back.  I am wearing a sundress with a fairly low back.  I can feel his hands on my skin.  I can smell his morning coffee on his breath.  As he pulls me closer, I can feel the bulge in his pants.
“I don’t need a job, Guenther.”
“I think you will love my apartment.”  Whatever I said didn’t register.  He just continued the sales pitch.  “It is huge, and right on the river.  It even has a Jacuzzi.  All the best shops are close by.  It will feel like you are back in Bern.”  Big smile.  Warm hands across my back.
“I don’t need a job, Guenther.”  Any chance he will hear me this time?
“Of course you don’t need to work if you don’t want to.  You are very welcome to stay with me and take care of my apartment.”  
One of the hands on my back has gone fully across and is now pinning my arms to my side.  The other hand is sliding down to my ass, going very slowly, as it pulls me tighter to him.  I need to be careful.  His blood is up, his dick is up, this is where men can do very stupid things.
“Guenther, I didn’t come here to become your mistress or your maid.”  
He is still smiling, his hands stroking my back, convinced he has made the sale, even if I don’t know it yet.
“Jess, I understand.”  The look on his face says he has read my mind, and he has it all taken care of.  “I know you have been alone for a while.  You broke up with that Hollywood photographer.  Very nice modeling work, by the way.  I have one of the prints.  You look hot as hell.  That might have been a good career direction for you.  But I have a fresh start for you.  I will take care of you.  All this trailer business is over.  You will really like my apartment.  And Minneapolis will be good for you.”  
His face is close, and I can feel myself being bent back, his face now over mine.  This is getting very bad, very fast.  
“Guenther, I just stopped by to talk.  I don’t need rescuing.”  Am I still talking?  Not that you can tell from his reactions.
“I think you will like it here.  Wait until you see some of the places I perform.  I remember you used to dress well.  I’ll buy you some clothes so you look good again.  I will take you with me to performances and introduce you around.  You will be impressed by the people you meet.”  His hand has made it all the way down to my ass.  And he is leaning in to kiss me.  Shit.
“Guenther, pay attention.”  I’m talking to him like I would a disobedient dog.  “I didn’t come here to be your mistress.  I am going to leave.  You will let me go, or there will be big trouble.”
“Jess, stop the pretenses.  You don’t have a home.  You don’t have a career.  You didn’t finish high school, yet I found you a job if you want it.  I have a very nice home for you to share.  I won’t marry you, but do what you are good at.  Warm my bed, and I will help you find your next meal ticket.  This is the right move for you.  Really your only move.  Let me show you around Minneapolis.  Buy you dinner.  Show you my apartment.  Spend some time with me.  Your life will get better – starting today.”
At this point he pushes, and I am lying back on his desk.  He has one hand pulling my knees apart, and the other holding my head. 
“You’re good on your back.”  His face is right over mine, his body pressing me down onto the desktop.  “It got you out of your bar and into the bed of Elias Gruber and then Emil.  It got you jobs you hadn’t earned.  Now it will get you a bed in a beautiful apartment and front row seats at classical concerts.  Eventually it will get you another old man to take care of you.  Until then, you will please me on your back and on your knees.  You will clean my apartment and cook for me.  You will be a good girl.  A grateful girl.”
His hand has my knees apart and is pushing up my skirt.  I reached into my hair, found his hand, and wrapped my fist around a finger.
“Can you play the cello one handed?”  I gave his finger a twist and pulled it back out of my hair.
“Ow.  You bitch.”  He raised his hand as if to hit me, but I kept my grip on his finger, twisting and pushing it up and away.
“Get off me.”  
I didn’t wait for him to move, I just kept twisting and pushing that finger, pushing it straight toward the door.  He almost stumbled backward, but once he started moving, he kept going until we were at the door.  I pulled it open and held him there, partly in his office, partly in the hall.  There were several people walking past, and at least two office doors open.
“You aren’t going to rape any more women in this office, and you aren’t going to rape me.”
I yanked his finger as hard as I could.  I thought I felt something snap.  Maybe I broke it, maybe I dislocated it, maybe I didn’t hurt him at all, but I had gotten out of his office.  He screamed.  I walked.  As I walked, I pushed my hair back into shape, and pulled down my skirt.  I am certain at least three women saw me as I walked past.  Saw me, and then saw him as he quickly ducked back into his office.  
I didn’t cry, I didn’t shake, I just walked.  



Chapter 31
Pancakes and Plans

Driving around Minneapolis?  I don’t recommend it.  There is this big interstate circling around the north of the town, and another circling around the south, and an interstate running east and west through town, and another north and south, both of those meeting in the middle of town.  On a map, it looks like downtown Minneapolis is a bullseye – an X surrounded by a circle.
I didn’t want the bullseye.  I just wanted to get the hell out of town.  But first I needed to find a freeway entrance, which meant finding the right lane on the right road in the right direction.  My phone app?  Well, maybe I was tearing up a bit.  The phone was small and the image blurred.  So I did a lot of driving.  And I did a fair amount of shouting.  The back of my thighs hurt from where he had bent me back over his desk, and I was sure my knee was bruised from when he forced himself between my legs.  Bastard.
I wondered if I should have broken another of his fingers, and if I should have gone to the police, and in the meantime all these fucking cars kept getting in my way, or crawling right up my tailpipe and honking at me.  And, wherever the hell the interstate was, I couldn’t see it.
I had my window down, and I was shouting at other drivers, and they weren’t so “Minnesota nice” to me either.  Mostly I was shouting to any and all, “Where is the fucking interstate?”  Finally I saw an elevated highway, and got into the right lane.  Which of the interstates was this one?  No idea.  Which direction is it going?  No idea.  I drove up the ramp, got up to speed, and just kept going.
Where was I going?  It turned out this road went to Duluth.  Fine.  The road led out of Minneapolis, and that was all that mattered.  What’s between Minneapolis and Duluth?  Not a damn thing.  Good.  I set the cruise control, massaged the back of my legs, and stopped shouting at people.
You might think I drove those miles thinking about Celloman.  Nope.  I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction.  With luck, he would spend the next month explaining his finger.  With luck, the bastard would drop over dead.  Basically the guy was just a pimple on the world’s ass.  He was a pimple that needed to be pounded into the ground, but of the dark thoughts I had as I drove, he faded the farther I got from town. 
What I didn’t forget was his description of the Highway 2 project.  Maybe in forty five years.  Maybe if there is a need for water.  Maybe.  It occurred to me Kurt Meyer had fucked me twice.  First when he replaced me, and second when he replaced me with Celloman.  Obviously Meyer had no interest in the Highway 2 project, or the North American division.  It was a legacy from Emil, and Kurt would watch it slowly die.  No one would blame him.  The plants “didn’t make their numbers.”  And that would be their epitaph.  Morons.
So now what?  I didn’t have a fucking clue.  It would have felt good to go back and break another finger.  It would have been fun, but useless as well as illegal.  So what should I do?  My Toyota kept moving north.  I shouted a few more times, and pounded my dash now and then, but mostly I stared out at concrete extending out in front of me like it might go on to the North Pole.
 Duluth.  I knew Duluth.  I had once owned a hotel there.  A good hotel.  Mostly run by college kids.  I had stayed there while meeting with my managers at two bottling plants.  Good plants.  Good managers.  And, at some point, my eyes were staring at concrete, but my brain was beginning to work.
Duluth is where Interstate 35 (the road I was on) meets Highway 2.  It was lunch time.  I found a truck stop and put down a stack of pancakes while staring at the map app on my phone.  My eyesight had improved, if not my disposition.  I knew Highway 2.  Minor highway.  Two lanes cut between endless forest.  East west across the top of Wisconsin and the middle of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula.  That’s a long way of saying two lanes through a lot of emptiness.
What did Highway 2 have going for it?  Lake Superior.  It didn’t follow the shore, but it was south of the lake.  And that made it very wet.  Weather patterns came out of Canada, flowed across the lake, and got really, really wet.  There were places south of the lake that got ten feet of snow year after year after year.  Emil’s staff studied the climate and pointed to Highway 2.  It would be wet when the rest of the world was dry.
Naturale had three bottling plants on or near Highway 2.  I was to add a half dozen more.  Then Emil died and I got fired.  So much for that plan.  Not only would the new plants not go in, but the existing plants would be left to die.  Bastard.  I was going to have a really unpleasant conversation when I saw Eileen and Billy again.
So.  Was this the time my intermission ended?  Did I buy the plants from Naturale and run them myself?  No.  Sorry to be petty, but that would involve turning my car around and handing a huge check to Celloman.  I know you wanted to rape me, but hey, no hard feelings, here’s a check.  Sorry Eileen and Billy, but this guy wasn’t getting money from me.
So, alternative approach.  Leave the plants with Naturale, and maybe buy them for pennies when they close.  In the meantime, do the other part of the job – build new plants along Highway 2.  Could I do that?  Would I do that?
I was on my third cup of coffee as I stared at the map on my phone.  I had driven every mile of that road and stopped in every town for food or gas or just for a chance to get my ass out of my car.  What did I know?  That road had snow.  That road had rain.  That road did not have people.  Every dying town has the same problem – people leave because there are no jobs.  Companies leave because there are no workers.  The one current plant we had on Highway 2 could barely fill its staff.  So, I could drill for water and built a plant to bottle it, but who would show up to work in it?
I had four bars in the truck stop.  Google.  I started from Duluth and worked east.  If you had a dot on the highway, I checked.  Population told me nothing.  I knew these towns.  They were filled with retirees.  Housing was cheap, taxes were cheap, all their friends still lived down the block.  How many would spend eight hours working a scorching hot extruder?  None.  I needed young people.
So, I checked grade schools.  As a waitress cruised by my table yet again, I wondered if she thought me a pedophile.  But grade school are filled with the children of young adults.  Sometimes a school would give me the number of students, but even if they just gave me the number of teachers, I had a pretty good sense for town demographics.  Mostly I saw small numbers.
Of all the dots on the highway, two seemed likely – Crystal Falls and Iron River.  Flip a coin?  I might have, but then I saw mention of a ski hill.  Iron River had a ski hill, so it had people young enough to operate it and use it.  
I’m not sure if I was high on pancake syrup and coffee, but before the last pancake disappeared I had a complete vision of how I could do it.  I would take that town and put three to six wells there.  I could see each plant in my mind – the exterior, and even the interiors, complete with how the production lines would be laid out.  I had a timeline.  One up and running before snow fell in the fall, three up within a year from today.  
Traveling distance from my trailer in Amberg?  Well under two hours.  Not the easiest commute, but one I could handle.  The drive was even pretty.  As for product, from Iron River, I could move my bottles west to Duluth (three hours), or south to Green Bay (two and a half hours).  
What did I need to do now?  Get up off my butt, pay the check, and drive east.  I would be in Iron River in time for dinner.  Iron River didn’t know it, but they had just gained a bottling plant.



Chapter 32
Iron River

 I got there a little after four.  Maybe in time to do some business.  First, a quick description, courtesy of Wikipedia.  Like a lot of towns in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan (the UP), the town had once been bigger.  Even until the 1950s it had nearly five thousand people.  Then the mines closed.  Now it was down to under three thousand.  But.  It hadn’t completely disappeared like Amberg.  It had a ski hill and a golf course, both of which demonstrated it had people who had at least minimal income, and it had folks able and willing to work at a ski hill and golf course.  It had a labor force.  Maybe not a huge labor force, but I didn’t need huge.
What did the place look like?  It was the classic wide spot on the highway.  Highway 2 was Main Street.  You slowed down to 35 on your way through town.  You passed a school, two gas stations, two motels, residential streets running perpendicular left and right.  They even had a small mall, basically an IGA, laundromat, and two insurance agencies.  And – and here’s what would matter to me – as you passed through the middle of town there was still one block left of the old commercial district – a row of two story brick buildings, retail at street level, and apartments above.  Don’t ask me how I remembered, but I recalled seeing a real estate office on that block during one of my past lunches.  Why I would remember that, I have no idea.
But, it was there.  I parked in front (no problem parking anywhere in town.  Parking they had, people were the shortage).  Even in late March they still had plenty of snow piled high along the street.  Someone had shoveled a narrow path from the parking to the sidewalk.  I stepped through the path and arrived at Iron River Real Estate LLC.  The large display windows were papered over with show sheets for at least fifty houses.  You want a great deal on an older home?  This is your place.  Just glancing, I saw prices from thirty thousand to fifty thousand.  What wouldn’t buy a dog house in LA would buy ten houses here.
But I wasn’t interested in houses.  I wanted to see what land might be available.  It’s now four thirty five, and I think maybe the place will be closed, but I tried the door anyway and stepped in.  I shocked the hell out of a woman who was in the process of getting her coat on and had turned to get some things out of her purse.
That was how I met Stacy Haavisto, real estate broker and third generation Iron River resident.  Obviously a Finn, obviously a descendent of the miners they had imported a century earlier.  Maybe five four, stout (but not really fat), middle aged, and a bit flustered to have me walk in out of nowhere.
We did the usual greetings.  She took her coat off, I took off mine, and we sat across a very small, very old desk.  She had a pleasant smile, and I had a long story to tell.  I held nothing back.  I explained the business I planned to build, told her about my past work up the road with Naturale (she said she knew about those plants), asked her about available land.
And here’s where Stacy Haavisto became my hero.  She got out a township map and a county map, and she told me about all the mining that had been done and the toxic waste that had been left behind.  She knew each location and put an X on the map for each of them.  There was even a SuperFund site.  Yikes.  The place was a mess.  So much for my project.
But.  I had found an honest person.  She told me where the town had drilled its wells to get water, and she showed me the area north of the town that had never been mined.  We might have to go north five or ten miles to be absolutely safe, but the town roads were good in that direction.  She would have to do more checking on waste sites and old mining operations, but she thought she could find me something.
And then I got invited to dinner.
“I need to go home and feed the family.  Would you like to join us?  The kids would kill me if I didn’t at least ask.”  I must have looked confused (which I definitely was).  “It took me a minute, but then I made the connection.  Before the bottling plants, you were in movies.”
“I was actually the caterer on that film.   It was just an accident that gave me thirty eight seconds on screen.”
“Thirty eight seconds more than anyone else in town.  Would you mind?”
So, that’s how I had dinner in a house identical to those being sold for under fifty thousand dollars.
I liked the family.  Husband Pekka managed the local IGA.  The girls, Tuula 16, and Katri, 18, both worked weekends at the ski hill.  So I learned lots about local businesses.  I also got an earful from both Pekka and Stacy about the mining companies that had walked away from town, leaving toxic waste dumps and jobless families.  Pekka had worked the mines, as had his father and grandfather.  As he told the story, there were two Iron Rivers – the one with the mines operating, and the one since.  The current version felt like it was sleep walking.
Stacy was right about the girls.  They wanted to know all about Hollywood.  I had to explain I had never been there – we had done all our shooting on location.  But I did get to tell them about driving Miles Martin’s camper, how his eyes really were as blue as they looked on screen, and how he had once kissed me.  I followed up with some stories about Melanie Davis and the real Narcissa Whitman, and the girls seemed happy.  They went off to do homework, and I asked about local motels.  
Both Stacy and Pekka walked me out to my car.  I got a big hug from Stacy and a serious handshake from Pekka (yes, he had the hands of a miner).  We planned to meet at nine at the real estate office and maybe visit some sites.
I ended up spending two more days in Iron River (I needed to be back behind the bar in Amberg for my usual shift on Thursday).  We didn’t look at properties the first day.  We went to the local Department of Natural Resources office and talked to three guys who normally worked on forestry projects, but they also knew fish, so they knew water quality.  They all seemed to agree with Stacy about which areas north of town were most likely to be free of mining debris.  
We were making good progress with the rangers when the local mayor showed up.  Don’t know who said what to whom, but he wanted to shake my hand, welcome me, and assure me he and his staff would do all they could to assist me.  I’m never sure of these guys.  Do they start out with superficial smiles and easy handshakes, or does that come after a certain number of years in office.  On the other hand, he was about sixty, had a huge hand (another ex-miner?), and Stacy seemed to respond well to him.  So, maybe, this guy was still a normal human being.  I was open about my plans.  He was clear about permits.  I had the impression we might be able to work together.
Day 2 – Wednesday – Stacy drove me around.  We followed the Iron River for a while, visited a lake still covered with ice fishermen (she said it would be mid-April before the ice went out), and drove though mile after mile of pulpwood forest.  It looked like the area around Amberg – birch, poplar, plantation pines – wood to be harvested every twenty years to make pulp for paper.
What did I notice?  The roads had been plowed pretty well.  We could get trucks in and out.  She also made sure I saw the tracks used by the Canadian Northern.  She thought a spur could be laid if shipping volumes warranted.  Good to know, but probably two or three years down the road.
It was after lunch, nearly time for me to start back to Amberg, when she pulled into the driveway of an abandoned farm.  At least I hoped it was abandoned.  The barn had long fallen over, and the farm house was slanting east.
“Two hundred acres.  Land up here goes for four thousand an acre, but that is for smaller blocks guys buy for hunting.  The asking price is nine hundred thousand.  It has been on the market seven years.”
“I know the rules.  You represent the seller, so you cannot advise me on the offer I should make.  I won’t ask you to.  I will make an offer – six hundred thousand.  While you contact the seller, I need to get back to Amberg.  I will be back Monday.  See if you can find me two other locations similar in size.”
And that is how my new business started.  It took three weeks of negotiations (the farm was part of an estate and needed the approval of six cousins who had inherited), and the final price was seven hundred thousand.  But I had my land.  It was June before the snow was gone and I could actually look at my purchase, but my project was begun.  “Hope Springs” was launched.


Chapter 33
Hope Springs LLC


I had an interesting spring.  By late April the frost was finally out of the ground, so my contractor jacked up my trailer and started digging.  Assuming my trailer didn’t fall off the jacks, in about three weeks I would have a basement.  Maybe two months after that I would have an addition.  
I moved in with my father.  Not my best idea ever.  Britney and I had been cleaning his place for years, but when you actually live in a place (and use the bathroom and kitchen), you see the need for a whole new level of clean.  At least I saw it.  Dad, not so much.  He stood, watched, and mumbled while I scrubbed the kitchen linoleum with one product after another.  I got a rug scrubber in for the living room carpet.  Again, lots of work, not much improvement.  Finally I got Wausaukee Hardware to retile the kitchen and bathroom and recarpet the living room.  I would have replaced the kitchen cabinets while I was at it (and all the kitchen appliances), but change does not come easy when you are in your eighties.  We didn’t have a major blow up over the changes I made, but I did hear at least three times a day, “that linoleum would have lasted another five years for sure.”  
I decided to give him some space and some time, so I moved to the Hilton.  Two months later my trailer was seated on solid basement walls, I was back in my home, and dad now liked the kitchen tiles but thought maybe they didn’t go well with the counter tops.  I smiled, nodded, and left things well enough alone.
As for my new company, I know what I know, and I know what I don’t.  I guess that’s the long way of saying I needed help from my accountant, Amy Tippin.  She had all my hotel money and most of the money I had brought back from Bern.  (I also had a local account in the Pembine-Wausaukee Bank where I stashed a hundred thousand dollars.  Any other accountant would have been all over me about leaving so much money in an account that barely paid interest, but Amy knew me.  She knew a woman who had spent twenty years waiting tables and tending bar was always going to want a security blanket.  I needed to know I was always going to have enough money to keep my propane tank filled and gas in my Toyota).
I drove down to Galena early in April to get her help.  We had a long dinner together while I described my vision, and we spent the next morning in her office, me asking a few questions, but mostly taking notes and nodding.  The basics?
1 – I could afford this.  My investments had grown, and since I had not taken any income from them, I now had over twenty seven million dollars.  (Plus a hundred thousand in the Pembine Wausaukee Bank to keep me in propane).
2 – I should use some of my money, but I should borrow most of what I needed.  Banks were sitting on piles of cash they wanted to invest, and I could get rates that were lower than what I was earning on my other investments.  She would make some calls and get me a five million dollar line of credit.  If I needed more, she would find me more.
3- Starting small is not what you did any more.  Economists might talk about economies of scale, but the real reason to go large was to find a distributor.  It was too much work for them to deal with little clients. They wanted fewer, and bigger.  So even the first plant should be as big as the plant in Amberg – at least two extruders and two fill lines producing a minimum of a thousand cases a week.
4- I should register as a limited liability corporation.  She would call around and find me a qualified law firm in the UP.
You know how when you begin to relax, your shoulders begin to drop?  Not sure why that happens, but by lunch time my shoulders were practically at my elbows (well, maybe not that low).  Before I left Galena, two things were now certain.  First, Amy had my back.  I had been around bottling plants enough that I was pretty sure I could get one built and get it running.  I could hire the staff and find contractors to move my product.  Finding a distributor might take some work, but I could do that.  Now that Amy would help with financing and legal issues, I was confident I could make this company happen.
Second?  I was going to do this.  Hope Springs LLC would bottle water now, and it would still be bottling water fifty years from now when my grandchildren owned it.  This company was going to happen.
Amy and I had a long, leisurely lunch, talked a bit about the old days (the resort was still doing fine, sometimes people asked about me), but mostly we talked about the days ahead.  She said she wanted to see Iron River, and she would come up when I got the LLC paperwork going.  I liked the idea of her seeing the place for herself.  I thought she might like the town.
Back in Amberg I lived in my trailer even while the addition was put on.  I was usually out of bed and dressed before they started hammering.  It was fun to see our early drawings come to life.  I especially liked the windows.  I would have big south-facing windows, windows with lots of sun and lots of poplar trees waving around in the wind.
I cut my work hours at the bar.  I needed to be up in Iron River more, but I still needed to keep contact with my dad and the rest of the family.  So I worked Mondays.  Sundays I had dinner with the kids and grandkids.  Mondays I cleaned up after the weekend crew (the new guy was not much of a cleaner), restocked the bar, and phoned in the weekly order to our supplier in Peshtigo.  Dad came in a little after noon (after Britney had stopped in and made his lunch), and he and I talked while he watched whatever ball game was on TV.  Spring was basketball and then baseball, and both the Bucks and the Brewers won enough games to be worth watching.  They weren’t the Packers (who was?) but they passed the time until the Packers hit the field again in August.
What did dad and I have to say to each other?  The kitchen tiles seemed a bit slippery some times, but the little kids seemed to like the new carpeting.  So much for the changes I had made.  Then it was back to the Packers.  Only a couple more months and we would see if the new draft choices would work out.  He could name each one.  I memorized the list so I could hold up my end of the conversation.  When he wasn’t looking, I Googled whoever he was talking about and commented on their college stats.
Tuesday mornings I drove up to Iron River.  Staying at the local motels got old fast.  Beds sank towards the middle, and the heating systems thumped all night.  Solution?  Remember how the buildings in the old commercial block had stores at street level and apartments above?  I bought one of the buildings on that block.  It had two storefronts (both empty), and two apartments (also empty).  Stacy found me a contractor who turned the storefront into a pretty good office for me (I modeled it pretty much after Stacy’s real estate office next door), and then completely remodeled both apartments upstairs.  I figured I would sleep in one, and the other would be for the kids if they wanted to come up and do some skiing.  
The remodels took a month (more nights in the sad motel), but when done, I was pretty happy with the result.  I had a very nice sign made – Hope Springs LLC – and hung it proudly over my office.  Somehow it made things even more official.
Did everything go perfectly?  I wish.  Things started well enough, but I got blindsided pretty good.  Amy connected me to a law firm in Iron Mountain to do the LLC paperwork.  The lawyer they assigned me was old, semi-retired, and semi-interested.  He wanted to talk about the Iron River golf course.  My business?  Just one more set of forms he had completed a million times.  But the paperwork got filed, and I got a business ID from the state.  I put a checkmark in that box.
Local permits?  I went to a couple meetings, explained the plant and explained I would be hiring 18 people at $16.50 per hour plus insurance and a 401K match.  I got the permits.
The construction got off to a very slow start.  I think it rained every day in May and June.  Since I was here for the water, it seemed unfair to complain about the rain, but still, did it have to rain every day?  The contractor was pretty good.  We had used him for the Amberg plant.  He knew what he was doing.  And, he was glad to have the work.  
I outlined the scope of the plant and he drew up the initial plans.  I was pretty sure he reused the Amberg plans for my new building, but then, how many ways are there to lay out a bottling plant?  I made some changes to the exterior of the office area (a couple more windows), but otherwise he built me a twin of the Amberg plant.  It worked fine, so I assumed this plant would work as well.  
On days when the crew could actually work, I hung around to watch.  It’s pretty satisfying to see a project of that size come together.  Maybe I hung around a little too much.  It was pretty clear he wanted to get into my pants, and maybe I thought he would do just fine once he got there.  You should have seen the shoulders on the guy.  But I kept it professional, not without some regret.
We put the plant up where the barn had been.  I wasn’t sure what to do about the house.  It was in pretty bad shape, but it seemed disrespectful to just pull it down.  I walked through the place a hundred times.  Most of the original furniture was still there.  Based on styling, I guessed a family had lived there until the 1970s (sculptured shag carpet in earth tones).  There were still a few pictures on the walls.  Maybe an older member of the family had stayed on after the others had gone south.  I wasn’t sure what to do about the pictures.  Something for a local historical society?
It was June before the last of the snow was gone and the ground was dry enough that I could actually walk my two hundred acres.  I pulled on a good pair of boots and walked the fields looking to position my first well.  Oops. I quickly understood it was a mistake to buy land without first walking it.  It could have been worse, but still, it was bad.  Wherever the town dump was, apparently it was too far for this family to make the drive.  They had a hole back behind the house maybe fifty yards.  Tin cans, car parts, bed frames.  Maybe more.  I had my contractor pull it all out with a backhoe.  We found old oil cans, and some DDT.  I owned a toxic waste dump.
It took me all summer to find places to take the chemicals.  There were dumping fees and trucking fees, and endless forms to file.  And, as I filled out forms and paid fees, I wondered about the water beneath my farm.  What had leached into the soil and into my water?  Shit.  Given the money I had already put into my building, plus the cost of the land, I might have spent a million dollars on a place only good for deer hunting.  June was not a good month for me.
Rather than put in a production well, I put in five test wells around the property.  It felt like I was back in the Kalahari – pound down some pipe and look to see what is pumped out.  I felt my chest constrict with every water sample I sent out for testing.  But. I got lucky.  I got a host of bills from the testing company, but they came back clean.  No DDT, no oil, no mining residue.  Lesson learned.  But, it also got me thinking.
Back in Amberg I called a family meeting.  So far, I had spent nearly a million dollars.  My money, but also the kids’ inheritance.  They needed to know what I was doing.  And, maybe they could help.
I invited everyone to my trailer on a Sunday afternoon late in June.  Dad, kids, grandkids.  A chance to see the new addition, and some pictures from Africa, and then – after the kids had gone down for afternoon naps – an open discussion of what I was doing.  The trailer addition was a hit of course.  And yes, the girls did comment on how lovely a second bathroom would have been back in the day.  But they understood where things had stood financially ten years earlier.  An extra box of mac and cheese had meant something.
I had shown most of the Africa pictures on previous Sundays, but the grandkids loved seeing them again, especially the giraffes.  And they made me tell the lion story again.  That was fun.  I left the pictures projected on my wall as all the kids went down for their naps.  Britney had to put one of the girls back in bed a couple times, but eventually they got settled, and I started the meeting.
I started with pictures of the small dump I had found on the farm, and then went back to pictures of Africa.
“Let me start with financials.  First, I haven’t used any of the hotel money yet, but I have burned through a good chunk of the money from Switzerland.  I’m estimating it will take another four hundred thousand before we can start shipping water bottles.  I have the money, but you should know I am spending your inheritance.”
There were a few comments over that, but the general response was “thanks for letting us know.”  That done, I put up a picture of Shipanga, Martin, Inge and me standing around a pipe we had just finished pounding to depth.  Time to make my main point.
“I can’t remember which well this was.  We put in ninety.  They all looked pretty much the same.  And we looked pretty much the same.  Four happy people, tired, dirty, but pretty proud that we were finding water.  We were probably also counting the days until the project would be done and we could get a shower and bask in the glory of our achievement.  And that was pretty much how I felt in Iron River until I found the dump back behind the farm house.  I had the land, I knew there would be water, life was good.”
“You got the dump cleared, right?”  Billy looked concerned.  That made sense.  He worked the bottling plant in town.  He understood what pollutants would do to the project.
“They seem to have it all.  Getting it hauled off to permitted dumps is costing me an arm and a leg, but it needs to be done.”
Lots of head nodding followed.  General agreement that the problem needed to be addressed, and it had been.  I suspect they believed the meeting was just about over.  
“Let me tell you about a meeting we had in Africa after the project was over and we were back in Windhoek.  We’re sitting in this tiny, dirty conference room, writing our final report, thinking we were heroes of the hour, when one of the guys starts talking about what happens next.  He was already talking to people about who got the land, who got the water, what came next.  I hadn’t given it a minute’s thought.”
“But here we know who’s got the land, and who’s got the water, right?  You.”  It was good to know Brittany was paying attention, but she had barely finished the sentence when she heard a noise coming from the bedrooms and went off to check on the kids.
“Us.”  I let that sink in for a minute.  “I told you years ago when Emil came up with the Highway 2 project.  His people were watching the global weather change, and they developed models of how various areas would fare.  You know what they said.  Lake Superior would survive the longest.  South of the lake we would get snow melt.  While the rest of the country dried up, the UP would have water.”
“Fifty years, right?”  Tiffany’s husband Ben was a scientist.  I assume he knew far more than I did.  It was nice of him not to laugh at my limited knowledge or attempt to upstage me.
“Fifty to seventy.  I’ll be long gone.  But you and the kids will be here.”
“I’ll bet grandpa will be here.”  Tiffany smiled at her grandfather.  They all liked the old guy.  Thank God.  It might not have gone that way, given all the years he had stayed out of our lives.
“You bet.”  The old guy ate up the attention.
“When Emil and I came up with the plan, we had Naturale behind us.  Now Emil’s gone, and the company really doesn’t care.  Your Celloman…”  I looked over at Billy. “Is a complete ass.  And there is nothing I can do about it.  Naturale may keep the Amberg plant in operation a few more years, but they won’t upgrade and they won’t add any capacity.”
“So it’s up to us.”  Billy again.  Did I ever say how much I admire that boy?
“Yes, but.”  I paused again.  Suddenly I realized I was making a sales pitch.  I tried to lay it out as honestly as I could.  “We’re back to Africa again.  We have the water, now what?  I thought we would pump enough water for the next fifty years to keep the bills paid while we studied the aquifer.  Not very profitable, but I think it will matter down the road.”  I see heads nodding.
“Now I see it another way.  That backyard dump showed me something.  Now that we have the water, what do we do with it?  For the next fifty years, we protect it.  It does us no good to have water if it makes us sick.”
“How?”  Tiffany asked, but everyone had the same question.
“You tell me.”  I paused for just a moment.  “Emil and I were climbing in the mountains, looking at a glacier that had shrunk down to nothing.  And I was pissed.  Emil was a grumpy guy, but this time I was more grumpy than him.  He calmed me down by talking about our grandkids.”  I pointed down towards the bedrooms.
“He said, we agree our grandkids are brilliant, right?  Of course I agreed.  Then he said the problem was solved.  We would do all we could do, our kids would do all they could do, and our grandkids would solve the problem.  That made sense to me then, and it makes sense to me now.  If you agree, our family spends the next fifty years protecting that water.”
“How?”  Billy again.  He was sitting forward in his chair, elbows on his knees.  Ready for action.
“We keep elephants out of it.”  I let them stare at me a minute before I explained the plan.  “You see all those water hole pictures I took?  Elephants are standing in the water hole.  Drinking and shitting.  I lost a lot of respect for elephants over there.  But we have the same problem here – people shitting in our water.  Mining companies and anyone else looking to dump their shit.  Best response?  Regulations won’t stop them, but economics might.  We run the plant at full capacity.  Keep eighteen or twenty people drawing pay checks from clean water.  Now we have a bunch of families that will help protect the water.”
What happened the rest of the afternoon?  We talked.  I grilled some brats and Brittany made some mac and cheese for the kids.  We probably drank more beer than we should have.  The husbands went down into the basement to review the quality of work down there.  My daughters looked at every inch of my new bedroom and bathroom and gave me all kinds of decorating ideas.  My dad fell asleep in his chair.  A pretty standard Sunday afternoon.
And, in amongst those causal Sunday afternoon activities, and casual Sunday afternoon conversations, the family came together.  Resolve.  We would find the water, pump the water, and protect the water.



Chapter 34
More Water Worries

Problem solved?  Monday I tended bar and talked sports with my father.  I also cleaned both bathrooms (Think women’s bathrooms are cleaner than men’s?  Think again.)  The sisters come in for their wine and cribbage, the loggers come in for beer and pizza.  Typical day at a small town bar.  I poured beer, made four fifty in tips, and felt like maybe I had this water quality thing nailed.  We, and a couple dozen other families, would keep junk out of the water.
That was Monday.  Tuesday I found a whole new level of fear.
Tuesday I made my usual drive up to Iron River and I drove past a local museum I had driven past a dozen times.  Driven past, and ignored.  This time I noticed it.  And this time I stopped.  Did I mention I was a high school drop out?  Tenth grade.  Too much time in the backseat of Tiny’s car.  I had Tiffany while all the other girls moved on to eleventh grade.  Why do I bring that up?  So you understand how dumb I am.  The day after our family meeting, I visited the Iron County Historical Museum.  I visited the museum after I had invested nearly a million dollars in a new bottling plant, and more than three years after Emil and I had created our Highway 2 Project.  If I was going to protect the water under my farm, I needed to finally learn about mining.
The museum?  Well worth the visit.  They have an old church, a number of log homes, great dioramas of logging camps and mines.  You can even put a quarter into a machine, and it will show a little train taking iron ore from the mine and delivering it to a happy world.  Very interesting, very pleasant, very professional.  My thanks to the museum staff.  I recommend the place highly.  If you are ever visiting Iron River, Michigan, take the time to stop by.
But stop by before you invest in a local water bottling plant.
I had said we needed to protect the water.  For the next fifty years.  We could do that, right?  And at some point the importance of water would be obvious.  Everyone would protect it.  You would think we were already there, but water has been so readily available, I know people don’t give it much thought.  That includes me.  I turn on a faucet and assume something will happen.
What if it doesn’t?  We already have places all over Wisconsin where wells have gone bad.  Nitrates.  Nice name for shit.  Cow shit.  People shit.  Family farms are going bankrupt.  Industrial farms are taking over.  Barns filled with two thousand, three thousand, four thousand milk cows produce a lot of manure.  Pour it over sandy soil, and you get nitrates.  Reminded me of the elephants I had seen in the Kalahari.  The ones standing in that watering hole, drinking the water, but also shitting in it.  Not the brightest elephants.  And we aren’t the brightest people.
How dumb was I?  Finally I went to learn about mining.  Yes, I had done an initial check on water quality.  Me and Stacy.  Back in March.  I had talked with the local Natural Resources people.  I had picked a location that had seemed safe.  Was it?  I was having second thoughts.  That pit on the farm that I hadn’t seen under the snow.  It had held DDT and other farm chemicals.  What else was I missing?  
I was going to start selling water.  It needed to be clean.  Clean now, and clean fifty years from now when my grandchildren would be pumping it.  I was in the UP of Michigan.  Farming had ended.  Too cold.  Growing season too short.  No nitrates.  But mines… even mines that had been closed for decades…  Was I sure about them – and what they had left behind?
So I spent the afternoon in the Iron River Historical Museum.  Like I said.  Nice place.  Interesting buildings to wander through.  They even have an old iron mine shaft.  Lots of pictures of the mining days.  Over a century of mining.  Lots to see.  Lots to learn.  Lots of it very troubling.  Why had I not walked through here day one?
Quick summary of what even a high school dropout can learn in a museum.
Iron mining took place in two phases.  Phase one lasted from just before the Civil War and peaked in World War II.  Iron had been deposited all around the south end of Lake Superior.  Bunches of it.  Thick.  Concentrated.  So concentrated much of it could be called “Direct shipping Ore.”  Pull chunks of iron out of the ground, put it on a train, and off it goes to steel mills in Pittsburgh and Gary.  Very simple.  Very profitable.  Some of the mines were open pit, and some were deep shaft, but all of them did the same thing – find the best iron concentrations, get them out of the ground, and ship them.  With me so far?
Second phase.  The best iron concentrations are gone.  It’s the 1950s.  Iron mining seems to be dead.  But.  Some guy comes up with an idea.  The poorer concentrations can be processed.  Break up the ore with some iron in it, heat it, and pull out the iron with magnets.  Fashion the separated iron ore into pellets – “taconite.”  Ship them.  Steel furnaces love iron pellets.  So iron mining happens again – until about 2000.  Concentrations are now too low.  Mining ends.
There is no movie, no diorama, no big exhibit, but if you go off into a corner and look at the fine print, you find what is left behind when the mines close.  Open pit mines break up the rock to find the iron inside.  That frees up pyrite.  Pyrite is a sulfide.  Sulfide mixes with water and creates sulfuric acid.  Off it goes into the rivers and streams.  The broken rock is heated to extract the iron.  Heated rock releases mercury.  Off mercury goes into the rivers and streams.  And the open pit mines?  They can be a thousand feet deep.  When they close, they fill with water – which is sucked from rivers and streams.  None of this is highlighted in the very attractive museum.  There is no spotlighted “Pollution” exhibit, but even a high school dropout can find the fine print if she looks.
She looks, and wonders why she is looking now and not years earlier.  This really dumb high school dropout wanders the building mumbling “Fuck.”
No excuses.  Stacy marked problems spots on the town map.  Even put an X on the Superfund Site.  Water pollution was a known problem.  My response?  I had picked a farm away from the mining area.  I had assumed that solved the problem.  I had assumed.  Until I had found chemicals on the farm itself and wondered.
Sulfuric acid in the water.  Mercury in the water.  Where was that water?  And where would it be when I started pumping thousands of gallons a day out of the aquifer?  
I smiled at the very pleasant ladies at the museum.  Probably volunteers.  Local ladies proud of their town, happy to tell its history.  And no doubt there was a proud history to tell.  But there was also a problem, and I had just bought a piece of it.
I drove back to my office, sat behind my desk, and looked out the windows at Main Street.  Highway 2.  The highway we had thought would bring water to Middle America.  How did I make that happen?



Chapter 35
Billy Steps Up

The next morning I had a talk with Stacy.  Easy enough.  Her office was right next to mine.  Main topic?  No mystery there.  We pulled out a township map and talked old mines.  She marked them for me.  Double X on the one designated “Superfund”.   Not cleaned up yet.  On the list.  When you are a small town in the middle of nowhere, you are never near the top of the list.  Someday something would be done.  Some day when rainbows filled the skies and bunnies brought chocolate eggs to all the good boys and girls.
But I had a different question that morning.  I had been thinking about water quality problems the town might be having.  She lived in a town that had public water systems, and had had them all through the mining era.  How did the town handle that?
“We’ve had multiple wells over the years.  You’ve seen the snow load we get.  We never had to go very deep.  We get snow, we get rain, you go down twenty or thirty feet and there is endless water, all fresh as the snow.”
“You’re only down thirty feet?”
“No.  The state has standards, and we meet those.  We are down over two hundred feet.  But those outside of town, who have private wells?  They are all much more shallow, and they do fine.”
I had her mark the location of the town well, and the town septic system, and then I just kept going.  Where had wells been in the past?  Had there ever been a problem?  How about in the area of the old mines?  Whatever question she answered, I had another waiting.  She was patient with me, but finally she just leaned back in her chair.
“Jessica, we went through much of this in March.  What’s troubling you?”
“When the snow melted I found a small dump on the farm.  Mostly just old furniture and kitchen waste.  But some farm chemicals too.  It got me wondering what else I might have missed.”
“If you wish, we can go after the previous owners.”  
I’m getting the sense she would help me do it if I asked.  She had to have one of the most open faces I have ever seen.
“Multiple people in multiple states.  No.  The litigation costs would be more than the cleanup costs.  I just need to be more careful in the future.”
“And now you are being more careful?”  
Still the head tilt.  I wondered if she looked the same when she was asking her daughters what was going on in their lives.
“Stacy, I am spending the kids’ inheritance.  I am building a business that will employ dozens.  I have trying to prepare for the world as it will be long after I am gone.”
“Have you had an ice cream in a while?”
“What?”
“My treat.”
And she was up and out the door before I could think of any response.  We crossed the street – the highway – to a larger gas station.  A bit of a quicky mart.  We dodged several semi’s, none of which slowed to anything near thirty five, and quickly stood in front of a small counter with eight buckets of ice cream.  A girl Stacy obviously knew served us each a cone.  Butterscotch for me, mint for Stacy.  The minute we had cones in our hands, Stacy was back outside, sitting at a small table under an umbrella. 
“That day you came to visit me in March, I had gone three full months without a sale.  The usual response around here is Budweiser.  I went with ice cream.  Gained eight pounds.”
“So, this is your response to stress.  I get it.”  The ice cream was melting pretty fast in the summer heat, so I was chewing it as much as licking it. 
“Ice cream helps.  So do friends.  By the way, I would love to have you over to dinner again.  The girls are desperate to know more about Miles Martin.  So am I.”  Huge smile.  
“And my water?”
“You did your tests.  You cleaned what needed to be cleaned.  You put your plant well away from anything dangerous we know about.  Jess, you did what you can do.”
So, okay, I guess that said it.  I had done what I could do.  No more stress?  Maybe less.  I had a friend and I had a good source for ice cream.  We watched trucks roll through town.  I swear they were doing fifty.  I felt better by the time I finished my cone.  Maybe I’d go with mint next time.  
And then I got some help.  Billy and Britney.
While the plant was being constructed, I had put down test wells.  Now I needed the production wells.  I put down four.  Each drew plenty of water at fifty feet.  I went down another hundred.  Wherever the water table was in fifty years, I wanted to draw from it.  I piped water from two of the wells and got it off for yet more testing.  I was ready to connect to the plant when the plant was ready.  I was thinking about five more weeks and we would have the frame up and could start laying out the machinery.
Machinery.  That created a family decision.  I could assemble and repair any of the extruders generally used to make water bottles.  But so could Billy.  This project would be a whole lot easier if I had him around to help.  Should I hire him away from the Amberg plant?  Before our usual Sunday dinner, I did a whole lot of thinking about what I might say.  But he and Britney were way ahead of me.  I barely mentioned the Iron River plant, and Billy said, “I was wondering if you were going to ask me.”
It was actually Britney who did the negotiating for him.  Title?  Plant manager.  Salary?  Sixty five thousand, plus annual bonus.  Responsibilities?  He did the hiring.  Oddly, it was the last requirement that slowed me down.  I had expected to do all the hiring.  Heck, I wanted to do all the hiring.  I had already assumed I would hire both Stacy’s daughters if they decided to work rather than go to college.  But.  He was right.  If he was really the plant manager, he should do the hiring.  But I did say I might have some recommendations to make.
Since Billy and Britney lived in Niagara, he would have about a ninety minute commute.  Britney had already spent some time on that.  She said they would look over the school and maybe move to Iron River.  Of course what she was telling me was that they had already given the matter a lot of thought.  They were prepared.  I also liked that they trusted me enough to go with a new company – our company.  The family company.
Next surprise?  Dad.  Billy had been fixing all his laundromats.  He wouldn’t be doing that from Iron River.  Was Dad going to fuss?  Nope.  He had already sold one laundromat and was negotiating for the rest.  It seemed I was the last to know about family decisions that had already been made.
So, here we were in early July.  The rain had mostly stopped, we had a concrete floor and most of the girders up, we had wells, and I had a plant manager.  Billy’s first job was to start ordering machinery, and he got right on it.  I sat around my main street office and smiled.  Things were going far better than I had any right to expect.  And, they were about to get better.



Chapter 36
Elsa Meets Iron River


The rains were back that morning in July.  It had rained all night, but it was a soft rain, a gentle rain.  It wouldn’t interfere with construction.  It just seemed to freshen the summer air.  It came straight down so I was able to leave my windows open a few inches and listen to the drops hit my building and the street outside.  There was a breeze on my face as I lay in bed, enough so I pulled the covers to my chin, but not cool enough for me to close the windows.  I must have laid awake since four, but I was in no hurry to get up.  I laid there, listened, and felt fresh air on my face.
What finally got me out of bed was a desire to watch the rain.  I have no idea why.  It’s not like I had never seen rain before.  But after hearing it for several hours, I wanted to see it.  I stood in the front windows up in my apartment and watched trucks splash through puddles.  Then I decided I wanted to get out and feel the rain on my hands.  Odd, I know, but somehow the rain just felt special.  So I got dressed.  I picked a sun dress rather than my usual jeans.  Don’t ask me why.  I made myself a mug of coffee, and went down the stairs to Main Street, also known as Highway 2.  My office has a covered entryway, so I stood in there, coffee mug in one hand, the other reaching out to feel the cool rain.  I have no idea if anyone saw me out there.  I know I would have looked a little foolish, a bit like a four year old thinking about playing in the puddles.  And maybe I did feel a bit like a child.
I was probably out there an hour, my coffee long gone, long past time to open my office and do something more adult.  After all, email was always beckoning.   But I was still standing there, my hand wet with rain, when a large SUV pulled right in front of my office.  Out stepped a tall, beautiful blond.  Elsa.  She stood beside the car, looked at me, and smiled.  She had rain on her face, rain in her hair, rain on her dress, but she just stood and smiled at me.  What an entrance.  I finally waved her over, and we stood hugging.  Now I was in the rain too.
I had forgotten how tall she was.  She easily had five inches on me.  I wrapped my arms around her and got on my toes to kiss her.  Both our faces were wet, and so was that kiss.  I took her hand and pulled her up to my apartment.
How do I sum things up?  She said she could only stay two days.  She stayed four.  We were much more physical with each other than we had been in Africa.  But even when we weren’t climbing all over each other, we were constantly touching.  I loved to get my fingers in her soft blond hair, and she seemed to always have a hand on one of my breasts.  She did nice things with that hand.
We kissed, sat close, laid our heads down side by side, whether on a pillow, or on the back of the couch.
And we talked.  We didn’t stop once in four days.  I am surprised we got any sleep at all.  We talked in the kitchen, we talked in my living room, in my office, and in my car.  And once in bed, our heads inches apart, we whispered for hours, like two girls at a sleepover.  My hand in her hair, her hand stroking my breasts, our mouths never stopped moving. 
You can guess most of what was said.  She told me the latest on the Kalahari project.  All the news was good.  It turned out water levels dropped in the wells as the summer progressed, but there was still plenty of water in each well through all the initial checks.  They were going to pump a few wells so they could see how the aquifer reacted.   They would try to irrigate a small farm and supply some water to wildlife.  Everyone was happy with the project.
Elsa had her own stories to tell.  She had been involved in several more projects, including a similar desert effort, most recently in the Gobi Desert of Mongolia.  Less water, but interesting times.  There was a guy.  He even learned a few sentences in Swedish.  It was over in less than two weeks, but those had been really interesting weeks.
How did we spend that first night?  I made some popcorn, and we watched The Gods Must be Crazy just as we had in Elsa’s apartment (I had bought a copy so I could show the kids what the Kalahari looked like.  It’s amazing what you can buy on Amazon).  I held the remote and stopped it to talk about places where we had put wells.  I also talked about Tsumkwe – not about the lady selling wine, but about buying a Coke at the general store and how good it felt to drink it while walking down their main street.
Elsa had her own ideas about where the movie should be paused, so we ended up wrestling around on the floor, two grown women fighting over a remote.  Eventually we got what we wanted – her on top, and me just where I wanted to be, looking up at her smile.  That might have been the one time in her visit we stopped talking.  I just laid there, as happy as I had been in a long time.  I held her to me, she kissed me, and the only thing I could think to say was “Thank you.”
She arranged her hair down the sides of our faces – her “truth tunnel.”
“Truth.  I was afraid you wouldn’t want to see me.  I wondered if you blamed me for getting fired.  The contract I created kept you from your other work and cost you your job.” 
“Africa was an excuse.  Grubers are a large and complex family.  Some part of the family wanted me gone.  They were pleased as hell I took the Africa contract.  Once I was out of the way, they gave my division to this complete moron.  They were going to get rid of me, Africa, or no Africa.”
“And Klaus?”
“I have no idea what to say about him.  Part of the time he was marvelous.  Part of the time he was demanding.  Demanding in the bedroom.  I was confused.  I think I still am.”
“He will come for you, Jess.  You should decide what you want.”
“No one can find Amberg on a map.  Iron River isn’t much easier.”
“He will find you.”
“Did he find you?”
“He found me and lost me and found me and lost me over two years.  He’s a heavy load.”
“And now Elsa?”  Her face was just above mine.  I watched her expression change half a dozen times.
“He’s the man that would carry me off, if I wanted to be carried off.  And, yes, there are days when I want that.”
She kissed me, and I felt her arms tighten around me.  
“Be mine, Elsa.  I’ll carry you off to a newly expanded caravan.  It even has a basement now.”  
We both laughed, but we were holding each other tight.  We kissed.  I whispered to her.
“I love you, Elsa.  Stay with me.”
Her blue eyes were so close, so intense.  I waited for her to say “I will.”  I know it was close.  I thought I saw the words forming in her throat.  I know I saw it in her eyes.  So close. 
“I love you Jess.  I have a plane to catch, but you get me until then.”  She held her face above mine.  She dug her fingers deep into my hair and kissed me.  
“Truth.  This is love.  You have a million places you could be in the world, and you came to my tiny town in the U.P.”
“Yes, this is love.”  She kissed me many more times.  She was very good at it.
Eventually we got up off the floor and went into my bedroom.  We undressed each other and put on the two shortest nightgowns we owned.  We did some serious wrestling in my bed.  And every move ended up the same – with me looking up at her smiling face.  I can still feel my arms around her, and her mouth on mine.  My God, I loved that woman.
The second night I told her more about my time with Klaus.  Everything.  She listened.  She held me while I told the story.  She made no suggestions nor offered any advice.  She listened.  I ended as I had started – confused by it all.  Confused about me – how I felt and what I wanted.  She stroked my hair and held me close.  
What did we do when we weren’t climbing all over each other and talking?  I took her out to see my project.  The girders were still going up on the plant, and we stood for two hours watching and walking around the site, both wearing hard hats.  
I then drove her to several other abandoned farms that I was considering.  She liked the first two, but wondered if the third might be a little far from Highway 2, and maybe hard to reach during winter snows.  Good points all.
We had meals out several times, once at the ski hill.  They kept their little restaurant open for lunches during the summer.  She liked the hill, and was good about not laughing at how small it was compared to places I am sure she had skied in Sweden.  She also liked the railroad car restaurant.  But that was Elsa.  She liked pretty much everything.
On our third day together, she did some World Bank business.  She took pictures of me, of the plant, and of me and Billy.  Then she made me sit down for an interview.  What I was doing, why, what the future looked like.  She tracked down the mayor and got him to describe the impact of the plant.  He of course focused on jobs.  She also made sure to give him a card.  The World Bank was interested in what was happening in his town.  Suddenly his people were taking pictures of Elsa and me – and him.  His press release hit the weekly newspaper three days later.  Elsa’s article made the World Bank website.  Both elevated my status locally and in Bank circles.
All very nice, but it would have been nicer if she had stayed longer.  Suddenly it was the last morning, and we were cuddling in my bed.  Elsa was lying partially across me, one hand doing great things with my left breast.  I had one hand in the hair at the back of her head and kept pulling her face to mine so I could kiss her.  My other arm was under her, and I was using it as a wedge to slide more and more of me under her.  I wanted all of her on me, her face above mine where I could look up at those blue eyes.  Eventually she slipped one leg between mine.  I hooked one of my legs over hers, locking her in place and pulling our hips tighter together.  I also managed to get my lower arm around her and my hand on her ass.  I tightened my grip on her, pulling us together ever closer.  
And we were still talking.
“Elsa, let me ask again.  I’d like you to stay.”
“I’d like to stay too.”
“I mean permanently.”  My hand was deep in her hair, and she was stroking my breast.  We kissed long and hard before I continued.  “Same sex marriage is legal in the US now, so we could get married, or we could just live together, or if you want, you could find a house in town, and we could pretend that we are just good friends.  But I want us to be together.”
“Tell me about our marriage.”  She moved the knee that was between mine, and I grimaced.
“I need to feed you more.  A cheeseburger a day for a month.  I need to round out your hips and knees.”
“Too boney?”
“Beautiful, but much too boney.  I need to put twenty pounds on you.  A softer, rounder Elsa.”
“I like it this way.  You are the soft one.  It feels so good when I slide over you.”  And she did slide more of herself over me.  I could reach more of her ass now and stroked her through her nightgown.
“For a skinny girl, you have a great ass.”
“Go back to our marriage.  Tell me about it.”
“It will be in September.”  As I am saying this, I know it will not be in September or any other month, but I still like telling her the story.  My hand stays on her ass, and I feel like maybe the marriage is real.  “It will be sunny and warm, not hot.  And we will do it outdoors.  There is a park by the river with a gazebo.  We will stand there.  We will both wear white wedding gowns.”
“Yours should be strapless so I can see the tops of your breasts.”
“Yours should have lots of ruffles and petticoats to round out your hips.”
“What’s wrong with my hips?”
“They feel like titanium when I run my hand down your side.  Trust me on this.  A cheeseburger a day for a month.  The all-American diet. When a man slides his hand down your side, it will stay there.”
“I thought you were going to be sliding your hand there.”
“I will, every chance I get.” 
“Back to the marriage.  Will there be music and dancing?”
“Yes, we will do the reception at the same place we do the wedding.  I will hire a four piece band – acoustic – and we will waltz.  We will kick off our shoes and dance barefoot in the grass.  We will be a blur of white satin with every turn.”
“My ruffles will fly?”
“And my wedding veil.  I will still have it pinned in my hair and it will fly out over our dance.  After every dance, you will bend me back, kiss me, and tell me I am beautiful.  I will wrap my arms around your neck and tell you I love you.  You will hold me close.  Both of us will wish our arms were stronger so we could hold each other tighter.  We will dance until dark, then you will lead me to a waiting limo and drive me off to someplace mysterious and romantic.  Maybe Duluth.”
“I like that wedding.”
“Maybe someday it will happen.”
“Maybe someday it will.  You know I love you, Jess.  I fell in love with the girl I saw on YouTube, holding a sign and hoping for better times.  You are still that girl.  I am proud to be near you.”
“I think I’ll buy us those gowns, and we can waltz in them next time you visit.”
“Remember, yours is to be strapless.  You do have perfect breasts.”
“And I will buy ruffles for you, but do try to eat more.”
Did we say more?  Sure.  Like I said, we never stopped talking.  We were in the shower going crazy when she caught her breath and told me about her next stop.  Canada.  The Arctic Circle.  She was driving up to Thunder Bay yet that day.  She would catch a single engine bush plane and go north.  The project?  Villages along the arctic were falling into the ocean as the shore collapsed.  They needed to move, but with permafrost melting, roads were breaking up, and whole fields were becoming craters of the moon.  So where should the people go?  She had a week to audit the project, and then move on to another problem.
She had a long drive ahead of her, but she didn’t rush off.  She decided I should wear one of my brightest sun dresses, very girly.  She brushed my hair, and put some makeup on me.  She smiled when she did my lipstick, knowing she would be kissing much of it off.  I had my arms wrapped around her while she did my face.  I pretty much had my arms around her permanently.
What did I put on her?  Nothing enticing.  Where she was going it would be jeans, work shirt, and layer after layer of mosquito repellant.  I did get to brush her hair – before she pulled it all back in a ponytail.
We spent a long time standing by her car and necking.  We were pretty open about it.  It was a small town, and I suspected most folks were Trump voters, but to me, love is love, and if you don’t like it, well, that really isn’t my problem, is it? 
Finally she got that SUV pointed west, and I was left on the sidewalk.  I stood in that pretty dress, the wind pressing my skirt back against my thighs, and hoped she was looking back in her rearview mirror.  Who knew – maybe I would get lucky and see her again.  Maybe this September, maybe another September. 


Chapter 37
We Ship Some Bottles


September arrived.  Elsa didn’t.  It would have been wonderful if she had come to me, but, I can’t say I was too surprised when she didn’t.  Who knew where she was and what she was doing.  Maybe Mongolia again.  Maybe this time the guy there said the right things in Swedish.
But I had my plant to work on.
Or did I?
A funny thing happened a few weeks after I hired Billy.  Maybe it even happened earlier, and I hadn’t noticed.  But this became Billy’s project.  Little things at first.  I sat with him one morning and showed him the web site from one of the companies that made plastic extruders for bottles.  He said he had already done some checking and thought we could get a much better deal buying a pair of used machines from a company outside Chicago.  He was going to drive down and take a look.  As it turned out, the machines were in poor shape, so we bought new, but the fact that he had taken the initiative on the machines surprised me.  
Then there was his work with the building contractors.  He was out at the site every day, and every day was pushing the general contractor on one thing or another.  Since I had used the contractor before, I pretty much left him to do as he chose.  Not Billy.  He wanted the parking lot here instead of there, the office windows in one arrangement rather than another, the loading bay configured with more space between each door.  And he got the contractor to agree to each change, and to do so without additional charges.
I saw he was in complete charge when the equipment started arriving.  I had assumed he and I would assemble it.  Poor sweet Matteo had put me through all the classes during my time with him in Bern.  I knew the machines.  I had trained others (including Billy) in their maintenance.  But Billy had made his first two hires – two guys just out of high school – and he wanted them to help build all the machines.  If they built the machines with him, they would be better prepared to do scheduled maintenance and repairs.  Okay.  Very reasonable.  But what did that leave for me?  He reminded me I had other sites to prepare.  I was company president, not manager of this one plant.
This from Billy Simmons.  Billy, the young boy who had dated Britney three times in high school and been dumped by her.  Tiffany was already in college; Britney knew she would be there soon.  Billy was nice enough, but he wouldn’t be going to college.  This was the cruel calculus of high school girls.  
What happened to Billy?  He joined the Army like my Tiny and a million other boys from small towns who knew college wasn’t on the horizon.  He was in some delayed entry program.  Off to basic training and then some specialty school in November.  While he waited, he took a job logging – like dozens of other boys from Wausaukee High.  Only a tree got stuck on the way down, bounced off another, and hit him.  Three weeks later he was back out there with a chainsaw and a backache.  November came, he started his training, then washed out when his back couldn’t take the strain.  By January he was back out in the woods with chainsaw and bad back.  He was there for years.  This was during my bartending days.  I saw him in the bar.  We talked.  Nice kid, but headed to a life like so many others – hard work, bad pay, nights in the local bars.
Somewhere in there, Elias got me on a plane to Bern, made me love him, and then passed me off to Matteo.  Poor, sweet, Matteo.  It was Matteo who put me in the office of the newly completed Amberg bottling plant.  Public Relations and Human Resources.  I had a desk, a computer, and complete control over hiring all the people who would work the plant.  My first hire was Billy.
Months go by, and gainfully employed Billy has contacted Britney, and they date.  This time around she is interested.  Maybe there is just more to Billy now than there had been at seventeen.  I see him grow to be a great husband and father, the holder of an associate’s degree in Engineering Technology, and a leader at the Amberg plant.  Now I am watching him take over my plant.  Well, I guess now it’s his plant.
This takes some getting used to.  I still drove out to the site most days, and Billy and I talked about all major decisions, but he obviously knew what he was doing.  So, I backed off.  Yes, it probably took me months rather than weeks, but I eventually gave him the space – and the respect – that he deserved.
My job?  I had to find us a distributer.  No sense filling bottles with water unless someone will take them.  Lots of calls.  Several visits.  Thank God I had done this before, and at least a few of these folks recognized my name.  I had several face to face meetings, and as discussions progressed, I also had one big decision to make.  Did I create a brand and sell using my name?  Or did I use store labels?  In the end, I agreed to use a store label – the one you find at Costco.  I could always build a brand later.
So now, we had a plant, we had bottles, we had labels, and we had a place to ship our water.  I was one happy woman.
My initial vision to have my first plant shipping water by November?  Not a problem.  Billy had the equipment installed, the people hired (eighteen men and women, most young, but several who had worked for the mines), the plastic beads and wooden pallets coming in, and cases of bottles ready to go out.  Little Billy Simmons, now Mister Simmons, plant manager.
So, we made my initial goal and shipped.  We were even early.  I remember the date – October 21.  We had been sending water out for testing since the very first wells went down, and weeks earlier we had shipped two pallets of bottles to Costco so their quality assurance people could do their reviews.  But October 21 was the day we filled our first truck load and sent it on its way.
Water is heavy, so we didn’t stack the pallets.  But still, our forklift guy had to work his way around inside a semi-trailer for the first time, and that was a learning process.  He also took some ribbing if he turned too fast or bumped a wall.  He had plenty of spectators.  At first it was just a couple guys “to help,” but soon it was all of us.  I stood taking pictures with my phone, and Billy stood, well, he stood there because he was in charge.
The truck driver was a little impatient at how long it took, but he was fairly good about it.  I gave him one of the sub sandwiches I had brought in, and he kept quiet even when the forklift backed into one of the semi walls.  And eventually every pallet was where it was supposed to be.  I hung a banner across the last two – “Superior water from Iron River, Michigan.  Thanks Costco.”  We closed the doors on the semi, and he drove off while our entire crew stood at the loading dock and cheered.
It was near quitting time anyway, so we all assembled in the break room.  Billy had made special labels for two cases of water, and each worker got two bottles – one to drink now, and one to save.  The labels?  “First shipment.  October 21, 2020.  Hope Springs.  Iron River, Michigan.  Superior water bottled by superior people.” And there was a map of Lake Superior.  We all drank some water, and all the subs disappeared pretty fast.  Billy gave a short speech, but a good one, about how our water was now going to people who would be grateful – grateful now for its taste and quality, or grateful later if they saved it for an emergency.  I just thanked everyone.
That evening I went to Billy and Britney’s new house in Iron River and made sure I showed all the pictures to the girls, and told all of them about Billy’s speech and how well the employees liked it.  Britney kissed Billy and the girls both laughed.
All in all, a pretty exceptional day.



Chapter 38
Klaus Arrives

But, there was another day, about a week later.  It was the end of October, and in the UP that means the leaves are all down, the temperature has dropped, the sun is long gone at five.  No snow yet, but you know it could arrive any day.
I was standing looking at the farm house.  I still hadn’t done anything with it.  It still leaned east.  I thought maybe a contractor might push it straight again and brace it, but then what?  Fix it and rent it to one of the employees?  Use it as meeting space?  Or just tear it down and end its misery? 
While I was looking at the farm house, I was actually listening to the plant just behind me.  I was hearing the extruders and the forklifts and the fill lines.  I was envisioning all the actions inside the plant.  And I was wishing I could go in and do something.  It was my plant.  Couldn’t I at least clean one of the extruders?  But.  It would look like I was checking up on Billy.  Not good management.  So.  I had to stand outside and pretend to be deciding the future of an old farmhouse.
It was cold.  And I was bored.  I went inside.  Britney and Billy and I had cleaned the place up one weekend.  Not sure why.  I guess it seemed disrespectful to leave the place a mess.  There was a little furniture here and there, but mostly the place was empty.  I think I was looking at old family pictures on one wall when I heard a car drive up.  BMW.  Nobody up here drove a Beemer.  I guessed who might.
Klaus was dressed as he had been for our last dinner.  Gray slacks, blue shirt, navy blazer, no tie.  Probably a thousand dollars of top brands to look “casual.”  He tried the plant first.  Into the office area maybe five minutes, then straight to the farm house.  So, someone in the office area knew where I was.  I waited.  What was I thinking?  Nothing coherent.  What was I feeling?  Many things.
I waited for him in the kitchen.  He had to push a bit to get the door open.  Houses that lean have doors that jam.  He took a quick look around, found me, and stepped across most of the front room.  And then stopped.  And waited.
I came to him.  Didn’t rush.  Didn’t jump into his arms.  But I came to him.  Many things were established with those four or five steps.  See him.  Go to him.  Be with him.  Pretty elemental.  My feelings, our relationship, all defined in four or five steps.  I went to him.
I put my hands on his chest.  Pushing him off?  Defending myself?  I don’t think so.  I stood close, my palms on his chest while his arms circled me and pulled me to him.  He had been carrying a large portfolio.  That just dropped to the floor as his hands took me. My hands slid up to his shoulders and I lifted myself for a kiss.  He put a hand under my ass and pulled me up onto my toes.
Talk?  Not much.  Which said a lot.  No need to explain.  No desire to talk about Victoria Falls.  I pulled myself tight against him, and he kissed me.  We stood together.  We had stood together in Africa.  We stood together now.  We held each other like there had never been a problem in Victoria Falls.  No hesitation.  No confusion.  Whatever had happened before, I was accepting him now.  My feet had moved to him before a single thought had crossed my mind.  My feet had declared my feelings.
When we did talk, it was about water.
“I heard you were putting in wells.  I want to help.  I brought maps.”
I looked down at his portfolio.  Okay, he had maps.  Might as well look at them.  But I didn’t move.
“Elsa said you would come for me.”
“Elsa is beautiful, and bright.”
I didn’t add the rest of Elsa’s comment.  That he might carry her off, and sometimes she wanted that.  What did I want?  I would work that out later.
“Show me the maps.”  
My mouth said the words, but my body made no move.  My hands stayed on the back of his neck.  He had soft hair.  European long.  He smiled, then lifted me off the floor and put me down in the kitchen next to one of the counters.  He had his portfolio open and maps spread along the counter top a minute later.
“Iron.”  
He swung his hand in an arc over dark contours from northern Minnesota through the top of Wisconsin and then up through the UP to Marquette and the eastern edge of Lake Superior.  I was turned toward the map.  He stood behind me.  He had one foot between mine and was pressing that leg between my thighs and against my ass.  I pushed my ass back against him.  I could already feel his bulge.
“One of the largest deposits in the world.  It took a century to mine it all.”  
His voice was quiet against my ear.  One hand stayed near the map.  The other had swung around my waist and was holding me to him.  I was trapped between him and the kitchen counter.  Not that I minded or even noticed.
“I have another map with all the mines marked for you.  There may be a few that go back to the 1800s and have disappeared.  But we can guess where they are – along this arc.  You won’t want water along that arc.”
His hand might be pointing along the map, but it was his thigh that was doing the real business.  He was sliding it up and down along my ass.  Or maybe that was me sliding back against him.
“There is an area between the iron arc and the lake.  Different geology.  Mostly sedimentary from when the lake was much larger.  It will work for you.  See how the rivers and creeks flow north back to the lake?  It is almost like the lake is breathing.  It casts its breath of fog, rain, and snow to the south, and the breath comes back to it through creeks and ground water.  Out and in.  South and back.”
I think my breath had largely stopped.  I was wearing jeans and a sweater.  Official uniform of Amberg women.  Somewhere between “in” and “out,” his hand slid up inside my sweater. Around my breast.  His lips were on the slide of my neck.  Neither of us were thinking much about Lake Superior.
“Why don’t you show me these maps back at my apartment?  I’ll make dinner.” 
It was nowhere near dinner time.  No matter.  It would be hours before we ate.  He collected his maps, and off we went.  Brief moment as we walked to our cars.  We held hands on the way to the parking lot, and he held me a moment at my car.  Big kiss.  Long kiss.  His arms holding me tight.  I had designed the office area of the plant so it had bigger windows.  I guessed there was more than one face in those windows now.  He had to know that.  He was claiming me.  I let him.
He liked my bedroom.  We were in it for several hours.  There was a bit of foreplay, and then he was in me.  He held me tight.  Big shoulders.  His face hovering over mine.  Kisses and whispers.  Mostly in German.
“Du bist shon.  Meine frau.”
“English, Klaus.”
“But you understand the German.”
“Yes.  I am beautiful.  I am your woman.”
“Ich werde dich glucklich machen.”
“You will make me happy.”
“Du warden Heidelberg leiben.”
“I will love Heidelberg.  Let’s leave that talk for another day.”  
It had been nearly a year since we had last, well, you know.  We took our time.  He seemed determined to hold me with my arms pinned to my sides.  I let him.  It felt good to be held.  It felt good to feel his weight and his warmth.  I loved his kisses.
 We showered together.  Lots of soap.  Lots of long strokes and soft touches.  Not nearly enough hot water.  I pulled on a short satin night gown and went to cook for him.  He pulled on a pair of pants and retrieved his suitcases.  I heard him hang his things in my closet.  Apparently he would be staying a while.  I was fine with that.  I was his woman.  He had said so in German.
Dinner conversation?  I talked about my plant and my plans.  He listened, nodded, and stared at my chest.  I had picked the right night gown.  I think we had more wine than spaghetti.  We carried the second bottle off to my couch near the front windows, and snuggled tight as we sipped wine and talked.
He asked about the town, and showed some interest, but his hand was maybe showing more interest in my chest and thighs.  I asked about him.  He gave me a thirty second overview of Heidelberg University (beautiful campus in a beautiful city.  I would love it), then went back to sipping wine and stroking the hair back from my face while I gave him the history of Hope Springs.  
It was all foreplay of course.  He let me talk myself out and sip the last of my wine, then he picked me up and carried me to bed.  We warmed up that bedroom pretty good.  No rough sex, or at least not very rough.  But he was all over me and did pretty much what he wanted.  I wanted it too.  I have never been held so well, so hard, and so long.  It was romantic as hell.  But also controlling.  There comes a point when it would feel good to stretch, or turn, or roll over to the other side.  No.  I would lie facing him, or under him all night.  And mostly, it felt really good.  It had been a while.
When we showered in the morning, he backed me into a corner and held me there.  My man would be demanding.  Too demanding?  I was still deciding.  But he did feel good.  When was the last time I had been held?  Really held?  We used up a lot of water.  
I made him breakfast wearing another short satin nightgown.  Silly?  Yes, but effective.  He watched my every move.  I wanted this man.  I seduced this man.  Whatever had happened in Africa was just a blur now.  He was here, he was warm, his hands felt marvelous.  And his hands reached out to me every time I came close.
 While he ate, I worked on my hair and makeup and stepped into a cotton dress.  Light fabric, skirt to the knees, it would be moving all day.  Hormones.  Hormones were guiding my every step.
Of course he was done with breakfast long before I was dressed and ready.  I came out to find him studying his maps.  He looked up and smiled.  I had worn a dress, not jeans.  He approved.  No surprise.
“I want to try west first.”
“West?”
“West, and a little bit north to see if we can find clean water.” 
“How do we check the water?”
“I can bring a chemistry set, or I can bring binoculars.”
“Should I change?”  
“No, but wear walking shoes.  We may make a short hike.”
I made sandwiches while he folded up his maps.  He wore jeans and a leather jacket.  He was also wearing boots, so I did too.
We took his BMW.  He said he had his equipment in the trunk.  I think he just preferred to drive a Beemer.  I was hoping no one would see us in it.  Why show off?  Why drive a hundred thousand dollar car through a town of fifty thousand dollar homes?  But that’s what we did.  And at least half a dozen people I knew saw us as we took Highway 2 west.  Hmm.
Where were we going?  Probably into a ditch.  He had the steering wheel in one hand, a topographic map in the other.  His attention was on the map.  The road was mostly flat and mostly empty, but still…  Finally I took the map from him.
“No nav system on your Beemer?”
“I need to see elevation.  I want to climb a hill.”
“Be careful.” 
No response.  He drove a couple more miles, then turned right – north, and we climbed a fairly steep hill.  We got near the top of the hill and he pulled over and stopped.  All I saw was woods.  Birch and poplar in every direction.  But we had arrived.  He was out of the car, and back to his trunk.  I got out and looked to see what his chemistry set might look like.  All I saw back there was one more suitcase and a set of binoculars.  Big binoculars.
“I think we’ll have the most luck there.”
He pointed off into the woods and started walking.  I followed.  Into the woods.  No trail.  Not even a deer trail that I could see.  Trees, bushes, some grasses.  Me with bare legs and a skirt I pulled tight against my legs so it wouldn’t get caught on anything.  Jeans.  Jeans were invented for just such occasions.
He walked for about fifteen minutes and then came to the top of a ridge.  Okay, this was what he wanted from his map.  The ridge was wide and high, and we could see forever.  North.  Lake Superior was somewhere out there.  Too far away to see, but it was out there.  And any water we saw would flow towards it.
Out came the binoculars.  He found a rock, sat on it and started scanning.  Big rock.  I sat next to him.  My thought?  Rocks are hard.  Also, there was a wind up there.  I should have worn a heavier jacket.  And jeans.  But I will admit, the view was spectacular.
Time passed.  Ten minutes?  Fifteen?  I was patient.  For a while.  Then I had to ask.
“What are you looking for?”
“I’m checking the health of the forest.”
“The leaves are down, Klaus.  All the trees look dead.  They probably aren’t, but how would you know this time of year?”
“There are spruce and white pines down there.”  He pointed off in several directions.  Yes, there were evergreens, but they were off some distance.  “They seem healthy enough.  And I can check for empty areas or trees that are stunted.  Here.  Take a look.”
Rather than hand me the binoculars, he spread his legs.  I guess I was to sit between them while we worked the binoculars.  Okay, the rock was still pretty hard, but at least I had a back rest.  I sat where he wanted, and I took the binoculars.  Heavy.  And large.  I needed two hands to hold them up to my face.  He decided his two hands should be wrapped around my waist.  And he pulled me tight against him.  I was no longer cold.
“What am I looking for?”
“Uneven spacing.  Open areas.”
I scanned as he had, looking left to right.  He was at my hair, pulling it off my neck.  I got a long kiss, and then his lips stayed on my neck, nuzzling me.  I looked at trees.  He slid a hand up under my jacket and began massaging my breast.  I was warming up fast.  His other hand started sliding my skirt up, his hand staying inside my thigh.  That hand moved very slowly, my skirt bunching up as he got higher and higher on my leg.  I was still holding the binoculars to my eyes, but I had stopped seeing trees.
“There is a pedestrian bridge over the river, just up from my apartment.”
Heidelberg?  It took me a second.  He was talking about Heidelberg.  I think his hand was talking louder.  It had slid well up my thigh.
“It leads into the older part of town.  The main cathedral and the Christmas market are just a few blocks away.  As we look through the shops I will buy you gluh wine or hot chocolate.  Which do you prefer?”
“Gluh wine, but it scares me.  Hot red wine.  I worry I will spill it on my clothes.”
“I will hold you close.  You will sip it carefully, and I will smile when you get some on your upper lip.”
I could feel it on my lip.  I could also feel his hand.  It was now between my legs making small circles.
“What shall we buy in the shops?”
I had visited the Christmas market in Bern.  I could see the temporary stalls.  Wood construction.  A low wall across the front.  Items displayed around the inside.
“Wooden toys.  I would buy a few for my grandchildren.  They are always so well made.  Sometimes they have funny faces.”  I think I was the one with a funny face.  His hand was marvelous.
“We’ll entertain.  Usually three couples plus us.  The dining room is perfect for that number.  A formal dinner with conversation before and after.  In warmer weather we will spend some time on our balcony talking and watching boats go by.”
Entertain?  Warmer weather?  How long did he expect me to stay?  I might have asked, but at the moment I was having trouble just holding the binoculars.  They were heavy.  And my hands were shaking.  And his hand…  I leaned back into him as he whispered into my ear.
“You will enjoy your new friends, and they will love you.”
“I don’t speak German.”  
I have no idea how I was able to put together a complete sentence, but I did.  I also rested the binoculars on my knees.  And I pressed my back against him.
“You learned some in Bern.  You will learn more.  Enough to talk with shop girls and waiters.  Your friends will all speak English.  You will have lunches together, and go shopping.  We will see them at concerts and galleries.  You will wear formal gowns.  You will hold my arm.”
I have never been hypnotized.  Well, not in the way you see in TV, but I think I was that morning.  He was drawing pictures in my head.  And I could see them clearly.  And I could feel.  His lips on my neck, his hand on my breast.  His hand circling between my legs.  I felt all of that.  I closed my eyes and enjoyed what he was doing.  We were seated at a concert.  I could see it in every detail.  His arm was around me.  I knew the gown I was wearing.  I knew just how much of my chest was visible to him.  It was a perfect evening.  In Heidelberg.  Heidelberg, Germany.  Me.
I turned slightly.  My shoulder into his chest.  I could kiss him now and put a hand at the back of his head.
“Gluh wine.  Hold me carefully while I sip my gluh wine.”
And now, somehow, our deal was fixed.  He would help me find clean water.  I would go to Heidelberg.  And drink warm wine and make new friends.  And he would hold me, just as he was now.  I would like Heidelberg.  I would like his hands right where they were.



Chapter 39
Life with Klaus

I practically ran back to his car.  Ten minutes later we were back in my apartment, with me dragging him into my bed.  God, I wanted him.  And he took me.  He threw me on my bed and took me.  When he was done, I lay back exhausted.  He got up, dressed and left.  Left me wet and spread out across my bed.  Ravished.  Immobile.  I heard him take the stairs back down to his car.  I didn’t move.  I didn’t want to move.
Heidelberg?  No question now.  I had agreed.  And more than a visit.  I would live there.  How was that possible?  Good question to ask.  I was in no mood to ask it.  I ached for that man.
It took me an hour to have the strength to get out of my bed.  I made a call.  Not to Billy to check on the plant.  I called a salon.  A town big enough to have a ski hill is big enough to have a salon.  Appointment?  Not a problem.  Just come right over.
Debbie was waiting for me in a long, narrow room lined with sinks.  The salon was wedged between the grocery and laundromat.  The location didn’t seem to help.  I was the sole customer.  Debbie?  Late thirties, big smile, probably twenty pounds more than she wanted to carry, hair permed so hard it looked like a helmet riding her head.  How do I say, when I leave here please don’t let me look like that?
“I’d like the gray gone, my ends trimmed, and maybe a bit more curl, but I like it loose, relaxed.  Know what I mean?”
Debbie had me over a sink fast enough.  She also said all the right things.  There wasn’t that much gray (how many times a day did she say that?), and I had a natural curl that she would help just a bit.  That established, she wanted to make a personal connection.  She had just started rinsing my hair when she began the basic salon inquiry.
“Are you visiting someone in town?”
“I am here most of the week.  Hope Springs is my business.”
“Yes, Mr. Simmons’ company.  I hear he is a great man to work for.  Really knowledgeable.”
“He is my son-in-law.”
“And he gave you a job?  Good for him.  Office work?”
I was trying to determine the best way to explain the company was mine and Billy worked for me, but she had already moved on.  I got almost two hours of trash talk on mines, rounded out with some good words about Mr. Simmons’ company.  Along the way my nails got trimmed pretty well, and my hair wasn’t too bad.  Gray gone.  Auburn highlights, a bit more curl.  And she tried a new way to shape it around my face.  More over my forehead in a gentle sweep held with a bit of spray.  I’d had better work done, but not much better.  She scheduled me for another appointment in five weeks.
Last words as I left?
“My son Jimmy graduates in June.  Maybe you can mention him to Mister Simmons?”
Clearly I was just office help, but I was also a useful connection to the real power in the company.  I promised to say something to “Mr. Simmons,” and left.
Back at the office I had just started checking my emails when Stacy walked in with a cute smile.
“You’ve been to the salon…  Debbie does a great job, doesn’t she?  You’re wearing a dress…  A BMW was parked outside your apartment all night… And you have a beautiful smile.  Time to talk to me, Jess.”
She pulled a chair close to my desk and waited.
“He’s a water professor from Germany.”
“Here to help you with water – and your other needs?”
We were both grown women, but I felt like I was back on a playground being teased.  And well, yes, the hair, the dress, my smile all acknowledged what she was saying.  What could I do but smile?
“Met him in Africa.  There things went a little too fast.  Here, so far things are going well.”
“I’ll buy you an ice cream and you can tell me everything.”
“I am definitely not going to tell you everything, but I will take an ice cream.”
We raced like school girls between semis and got to the ice cream counter winded and laughing.  It was too cool to sit outside, so we took one of three tiny booths by the windows.  And, yes I told her lots.  Boating on the Zambesi, standing together at Victoria Falls.  My silly dress at the hotel.  As we finished our cones, I changed topics.  
“Debbie seems nice enough, but I am Jessica, and my son-in-law is Mister Simmons.  And in her mind, I am office help, granted a job because I am related to him.”
“Sorry, Jess.  That’s rude, but you can see how it might happen.  Billy did all the hiring for the plant.  And he works with the contractors.  You may be the owner, but you are less visible.  And, you are a woman.  There are expectations.  Do you want to do something about it?”
“No.  Billy has earned all the respect he is getting.”
“So have you.  Maybe more visibility?”
We ended the conversation there.  Back across the highway.  Back to our offices.
Ironically, over the next week or so I was even less visible.  Klaus took his Beemer out every morning in search of safe water.  I stayed behind to deal with the usual avalanche of emails, and then climbed the stairs to work on my apartment.  I cleaned, laundered, cooked.  I became more domestic.  Rather than rush through my shopping, I spent more time at the IGA planning out our dinners.  I drove over almost every day.  Fresh vegetables, select cuts of meat and fish, a better grade of pasta.  I even bought a cookbook.
He generally got home around five, so I put an initial effort into dinner and some appetizers, then changed into a nicer dress and worked on my hair and makeup.  I was ready for him when he got home, and he, well, he did just fine.  Long kiss, longer hug, comments about where he had been and what he had learned, but far more comments about how good I looked.
“Du bist Shon, meine frau.” 
I did feel beautiful.  And, each day I felt more his woman.
We ate, we drank good wine, we cuddled on the couch.  And each evening we spent more time talking about Heidelberg.  Maybe the Heidelberg talk reached its peak one night when he took me out to dinner.
I wore silk.  Half sleeves, flared skirt to the knees, a scooped neckline that showed what I wanted to show.  He changed into a thousand dollar suit – no tie (was that the new style for men – casual elegance?).   He held me and explored the silk over my ass, then off we went.   
The restaurant was a two block walk – about my limit in heels.  Someone had pushed a dining car onto some tracks from back when trains ran through town.  It was the premiere restaurant in town.  A bit pricy for local incomes, but a good place for special occasions.  It had table cloths and a one-page wine list.
I had eaten there six to eight times in the months I had lived in town.  Often alone, and sometimes the only customer.  The owner cooked and his wife – Rachel – served.  She and I had enjoyed long conversations on nights when we had the place to ourselves.  This night there were two other couples – and Klaus.
Rachel gave us both a good look.  Me - the hair, the dress, the heels.  I got a quick smile and a nod.  Klaus got a longer look.  And her best smile.  One hand went to her hair.  Automatic response.  Was every curl where it should be?  I was certain she would refresh her lipstick the instance she had us seated.  She welcomed us with a voice I know was half an octave lower and far smoother than any welcome I had received before.  I introduced Klaus.  She nodded, repeated his name with attention to every vowel, then swung her hand toward a table as if she were auditioning for Swan Lake.  A moment’s hesitation and she turned on her heel with her hips throwing skirt across the aisle.
The tables were the original dining car tables and had bench seats on each side.  I slid across the vinyl padding with Klaus right behind me.  Close to me. One hand already on my thigh.  Rachel saw where his hand went.  Again, quick smile to me, then back to Klaus.
I’m not sure when I disappeared that evening, but it was soon, and it was complete.  There was the usual menu, wine list, specials of the day conversation between Rachel and Klaus.  I hate it when men order for me.  I will give him credit.  He thought the trout special sounded good, but he paused and checked for my nod before ordering.  The wine pairing he did on his own, but then, there were only six whites on the wine list, and five of them were sweet.  He made the only sensible choice.  But it was one of a series of choices communicated solely between Klaus and Rachel.
I was also made invisible by my position.  Klaus sat on the aisle, I sat against the window.  Klaus is a little over six feet tall and wide.  His suit coat made his shoulders wider.  I am five six and a whole lot lighter.  And smaller.  He sat tight against me, pinning me against the wall.  Much of dinner he sat turned toward me, so I needed to look over his shoulders to see anyone, and anyone had to look over him or through him to see me.  I was pretty sure no one could do that.  Rachel certainly didn’t.
Dinner conversation?  Not a word about my project. It was all Heidelberg.
“There is a marvelous restaurant near to my apartment.  Authentic German food.  Maybe the best spätzle in Germany.  Do you like spätzle?”
“Yes, I do.”  I don’t, but why insult a national dish?  It has no real taste.  Gravy was invented to make spätzle edible.
“Have you ever tried making it?”
“Yes, I have made it a number of times.”  That was true.  Back when I was a maid for Elias Gruber.  I knew German kitchens and basic recipes.
“That is marvelous.  Of course we can have meals catered if you wish, but I think guests feel special if the hostess herself has prepared the meal.”
“Yes, I’m sure that is true.”
I picked at my trout, sipped my wine, and shrunk into my corner.  We would entertain.  I remembered.  The count was always three other couples.  It matched the dining room table.  And probably his place settings.  And now I was cooking for these evenings.  The little woman.  His little woman.  The woman who was shrinking before my own eyes.
I tried once.
“Can you tell me about the farm you saw today?”
“Very plain.  Abandoned years ago.  But easy access.  Contractors will have no trouble building on the site.  We can come back in April to negotiate contracts and oversee the start of construction.  It should not require more than a week.  There is an inn in Switzerland where we can spend much of May.”
We had completed our meal and our after-dinner coffee while he continued his description of the inn, and Switzerland, and some festival in Heidelberg, and …  And little me listened.  The small woman crunched into a corner as her man leaned close, played with her skirt, and told her future.  It wasn’t a bad future.  And he had very good hands.  Would it be her future?
Back at the apartment, he got my dress off me fast enough.  And put me into a very small satin night gown.  And fucked me until I groaned and clung to him.  I loved how he held me.  I loved how he kissed me.  I loved him.  I wondered if I would love being small.  Kleine frau.  Shon frau.  Heidelberg frau.  Klaus’ frau.
But I had my water plants.  My project.  



Chapter 40
The Betrayal

He had been with me about a week and a half.  We had settled into a routine.  I cooked every night now.  At least at home, with him, I was visible.  We had dinner, then cuddled on the couch.  I was on the inside, his arms around me, his face over me, his chest pinning me in place.  He had my skirt up, and my blood up.  His thigh pressed between mine while he kissed me.  My man knew foreplay.  Mein mann.  
We had been going at it pretty good when he made his announcement.
“We’ll fly to Heidelberg tomorrow.  The company plane will come for us later in the afternoon.”
Company plane?  That was confusing, but I just skipped past it.  I had a bigger issue.
“Sure.  I’ll go to Heidelberg.  But first I have to deal with the two new farms.  I need to get offers in on them, and I need to do it before the first snow falls.  I want to walk those fields and make sure there are no surprises.  Have you identified the two I should buy?”
“I bought three earlier in the week.  One is west of town about three miles, and the other two are east, about halfway to Crystal Falls.”
I am not sure what reaction he expected from me.  Thanks?  His smile indicated he thought I would be pleased.
“What are you talking about?”
“Jessica, I am going to help you.  Well, actually, it is Naturale.  They bought the farms.  I handled the purchases.  I will help run the new plants.  You will be free of all that.  Free to live a very comfortable life in Heidelberg.”
“What the fuck?”
I struggled to get out from under him, but like I said, he was holding me and leaning over me.  Basically I was pinned under him against the back of the couch.  I did have one hand free, and I punched him with all the strength I had.  He grabbed my wrist.
“I persuaded Kurt Meyer.  I told him you and Emil were right about the water.  Mining was a risk in some places, but your basic concept was correct.  Highway 2 was where we should be.”
“You persuaded Kurt Meyer.  An old friend?”  I tried to sit up, but he held me tight.
“Family.”  Now I really wanted to get out of his hold.
“You are a Gruber?”
“Second cousin.”  
“You said you were a professor.  Heidelberg.”  
I pulled on his ear and he grabbed my wrist.  I saw pain in his face.  Good.
“I am.  But I was born into a family connected to the Grubers by marriage.  We have stock.  Some has come to me.  More through a recent death in the family.  You might as well hear the whole thing.  I join the Board of Directors next quarter.  Please don’t pull my ear off.”
I let go of his ear, but pressed my palm against his chest, giving myself some space.
“Did Kurt tell you he has abandoned Emil’s plan?  He is going to let the three local plants fade into obsolescence.  And there will be no additional plants.  Your company is getting out of North America.”
“I changed his mind.”
“I heard different from that moron you have running the North American division – Gunther Handel.  His employees call him Celloman.  Worthless piece of garbage.”
“You’ve met?”
I didn’t answer.  The last thing I wanted to talk about was my morning in his office.
“Jess, he took a job no one else wanted.”
“I wanted it!”
I tried to push my way off the couch again, but he just leaned farther over me.
“You wouldn’t have wanted it knowing the financial constraints Kurt had imposed.  Emil had one set of goals, Kurt has another.  You wouldn’t have lasted six months.”
“Fine.  You guys shut down, I’ll build the plants you should have.  I’ll pump water, and I’ll make money.  Maybe not the ROI you require, but good enough for me.”
I reached to grab one of his ears again, but he held my wrist.
“Enough wrestling, Jess.  Just hold still.  We need to talk – briefly – and then I plan to carry you back to our bedroom.”
“If you think you are getting laid tonight…”
“Hold still.”
He kissed me.  He held the kiss for a long time.  I guess until I settled down.  Finally I did.  He raised his head and smiled at me.
“You have no idea how good it feels to hold you.”
“Klaus, what you did today was wrong.  Kurt Meyer is lying to you.  Celloman will never do any of the things you think he will.”
“Celloman is gone.  Off on a concert tour.  I will take his place with the help of a local assistant.  Maybe your son-in-law.”
“Don’t you dare go near him.”
“Jessica, I can make things better for you.  Naturale can put far more money into the project than you can, and they already have marketing and distribution people.  Whatever you think you were going to do, they will do faster.  And cheaper.  Let me do this for you, Jessica.  Let me help you.”
“You are a moron.  You can’t trust Naturale.  They don’t like the competition they are getting from my plant here in Iron River.  So they block my expansion.  You say they will build, but they won’t.  They will just keep the best land to block me.”
“I won’t let that happen.  I will take care of you, Jessica.”
He actually leaned down to kiss me.  The fool.  I couldn’t move, but I could scream.
“Get out.  Get out.  Get out.”  
I screamed it over and over as loudly as I could.  He seemed shocked.  And hurt.  I didn’t care.  He was a fool.  He was interfering with my project.  I wanted him out.  I kept screaming until he finally backed away.  
The minute he was off me, I was on my feet and lunging at him.  I punched him time and again.  And he backed away.  Back to the door.  Final words? 
“I will do everything I said I would do.  We will build the plants you wanted.”
“Those farms are mine.  The plants are mine.  Mine to build, mine to run.”
“Our offer on all three farms has already been accepted.”
“There hasn’t been time.”  
As the words left my mouth I knew there was plenty of time if he had made the offers earlier in the week.  
“Jessica, don’t fight me.  I’m here to help you.  I want the same things you want.  I will accomplish the same things you wanted to accomplish.  And, I will treat you well.”
He reached out towards me.   I was supposed to like this?  Melt in his arms?  Accept what he had done to my project?  Accept him as my partner?  My man?  I slapped his hand away.
“Get out, Klaus.  Get out now.”
He stood motionless.  I stood trying to catch my breath.  Ready to start shouting again.
“Jessica, ich liebe dich.  I want the same things you want.  And, I want you.  I want you in my home in Heidelberg.  I will care for you.  I will give you a good life – a life you have earned.”
He waited for my acceptance.  I waited for a chance to punch him.  I was out of words.  He waited, then turned and left.  A few minutes later I heard his Beemer head out of town.  I stood right where I was and tried to understand what had just happened.



Chapter 41
Now What?

I felt ten years older.  Crushed.  I had lost my project.  And I had lost my man.  Mein mann.  Bastard.  Fool.  What game was Kurt Meyer playing?  Why couldn’t he just leave me alone?
I had a quart of mint ice cream in my freezer.  Yes, I did the woman thing.  I found a spoon, pulled out the ice cream, and sat on my couch by the front windows.  A plan?  Maybe a new plan.  Maybe.  I could find farms on my own.  I could build bottling plants on my own.  Could I staff them?  If Klaus really did build three new bottling plants, he would struggle for employees.  And if I added two more plants?  Where would workers come from?  How far would people drive for work?  On winter roads covered with snow.  
And in truth, what was the point of two more plants?  If Klaus built his plants – big if – but if he did, it would build an employee base protecting the local water.  And it would give us data on the aquifer.  And it would give us a base to build on forty or fifty years from now when the need was greatest.
If he did it.  Mein mann.  If Naturale followed through.  If they built the plants right and treated their employees right, and maintained their equipment right.  If they did the things I knew I would do.  Things Billy did every day.  The work Hope Springs had been designed for.
I fell asleep on the couch.  Can you get an ice cream hang over?  I felt old and slow.  Long shower, good breakfast.  Can’t say it helped much.
I needed conversations.  Stacy first.  He had bought three farms.  Stacy had sold three farms and not told me?  I have to admit I went in ready to fight.  But there was none.
“Three farms?  I know your man Klaus was looking, but I haven’t sold any.  I was hoping…”
She got behind her ancient desk.  I poured us each a cup of coffee and sat opposite her while she worked at her computer.
“Here’s one.”  
She turned her laptop so we could both see.  It was a map of the area.  She clicked on a dot just off Highway 2.
“A hundred and twenty acre farm.  Older home.  Listed for $560,000.  Currently listed as ‘pending.’  So, an offer has been made and accepted.  Broker out of Crystal Falls.  Agent out of New York.  Some broker in Crystal Falls had a good day.”
“Sorry.  I expected to use you.”
It took about fifteen minutes for Stacy to find the other two.  East of town.  Almost halfway to Crystal Falls.  Probably where Klaus thought to find employees.  Stacy brought up the description of each farm.  Both around a hundred and eighty acres.  One with a fairly nice house.  Each around seven hundred thousand.  Stacy’s share of the sales fees would have sent a daughter to college.
I thanked her and left.  I was having a bad day.  So was she.
Next stop – Billy.
I wanted to tell him what Naturale was doing and get his reaction, but I had to wait.  He had some salesman in his office.  I stood and talked with the receptionist for a few minutes, but it was clear she was busy too, getting payroll up to date.  So I took a chair in the waiting area.  Me and a very young woman filling out a job application form.  Quick nod from her then back to her forms.  I took a seat in the corner.  Out of the way.  I owned the place.  But I didn’t run the place.  So I sat quietly, invisibly.
He had time for me eventually, and I explained what Klaus had done and what Naturale had planned.  He seemed less upset than I expected.
“Three new plants?  Figure twenty or so people per plant.  It won’t make our hiring any easier.  On the other hand, if they get the plants up and running, that will mean sixty more families whose jobs depend upon clean water.  You said our job was to protect the water, and the new plants should help.”
He mustn’t have liked the look on my face because he moved on pretty fast.
“If they are looking east, you could still look to additional plants to the west.  Watersmeet is fairly close.  Might be worth a look.”
I just stared at him.
“Mom, when Britney brings the girls by, they play right outside my window.  Digging around in the sand, their dolls having adventures.  They know this plant, and like this plant.  Fifty years from now, they will run this plant and provide the water people need.  They will do everything you said they would do.  They will solve the problem.”
“Naturale wants to hire you to run the new plants.”
“Klaus will hire me if he thinks it will help him win you.   This is all about you, Mom.  He wants you.  I will do whatever you decide.  If you do new plants, I will help with them.  If you choose Naturale, I will help them.”
We didn’t have much more to say after that.  I could sense a person outside his door.  His time for me was getting short.  As he walked me to the door, I got a hug and a brag – “You’re going to like our numbers for this month.”  Billy Simmons – Mister Simmons – hugging his mother-in-law and bragging to corporate – me.  I was sure I would like their numbers.  He was doing a great job.
What next?  I drove to Watersmeet.  Why not?  I had a cheeseburger at the Family Restaurant, and then drove around town looking for children’s toys lying around yards.  I wondered if I looked like a pedophile.  It would probably be better to do my population research via Google.  I parked on one block and just walked.  I needed the stretch.  Did I make any conclusions about Watersmeet and my future?  I concluded their sidewalks were in pretty good repair.  And I concluded I was due for a new pair of sneakers.
Back in the office, I deleted emails, scrolled through Google, and checked my texts.  Nothing from Klaus.
I lasted four more days.  Stacy and I worked our way through the tubs of ice cream across the way, and carefully explained to each other why men are …  well, like they are.  Mostly I talked, and mostly Stacy patted my hand.  Four afternoons.
Four evenings I made a bowl of popcorn and watched movies.  Yes, one was The Gods Must be Crazy.  I thought about Elsa, and I thought about Tsumpke, and I thought about the Kalahari.  Just a year ago, and it felt like a lifetime ago.
Four mornings…  Well, four mornings I spent a long time getting out of bed.  No texts from Klaus.  No apology.  Every morning it took me a bit longer to get out of bed, into the shower, and down to my office.  I actually started reading my emails.  I hated mornings.
Finally I did something reasonable.  I loaded up my car and drove back to Amberg.


Chapter 42
Packer Monday

Americans generally go home for Thanksgiving.  Fourth Thursday in November.  Something to do with Pilgrims and turkeys.  In Wisconsin we celebrate Thanksgiving differently.  We shoot deer.  The season starts the Saturday before Thanksgiving and lasts until the Sunday after.  Nine days.  Buy a license, pull on blaze orange clothing, and hit the woods.  
Or the bars.  If you own a bar in Nowhere, Wisconsin, this is your week.  Nine days to sell enough beer and brandy to keep your bills paid all winter.  That’s what I was going back to.  My dad owned a bar.  It didn’t matter that I owned a company.  He needed me.  So, owner of a bottling plant or not, I would spend the week pouring beer (he did pay me $9.50 an hour).  
At its peak, deer season had drawn 600,000 hunters into the Wisconsin woods.  Like everything else in Wisconsin, we were down from our peak, but there were still half a million guys out there wearing blaze orange, carrying deer rifles, and tromping through the woods or sitting on stumps waiting for anything with antlers to walk by.  Hunting was allowed from dawn to dusk (roughly seven thirty to four thirty) but by noon lots of guys have decided their feet are cold, or their butt is cold, and wouldn’t it be nice to go someplace warm, especially if that someplace warm also sold beer.
Bars like ours are overwhelmed.  We do more business that week than we do most months.  Every day is a twelve hour day.  I was running from ten to ten.  I wore good boots and heavy socks, but my feet started complaining by noon, and screamed at me starting mid- afternoon.  The bar was packed all day.  Three deep waiting for drinks.  My clothes smelled like spilled beer, and my hands were never dry.  On the plus side, I often made eighteen or nineteen dollars in tips.  A crazy week.
But it got crazier.  The NFL decided that this week’s Monday Night game would feature the Packers – at Lambeau Field.  Oh, and let’s add a little more drama, as if any is necessary, let’s schedule the Cowboys to come up to Green Bay.  You want crazy?  Try half a million cold hunters crowding any bar north of Milwaukee to get warm and see the game.
We normally open at ten.  I was there at nine to do basic cleaning (I had bags of trash piled in the snow behind the bar), restock the bar, and call our supplier in Peshtigo begging for an extra delivery.  Dad was there at nine thirty, sitting at his usual stool in the middle of the bar, directly opposite the TV.  I poured him the beer that would sit in front of him all day, got maybe two words in about the Peshtigo distributor, and then hunters started coming in.  I guess if the Packers are playing, you get cold at nine thirty instead of noon.
From that moment on, I poured beer – well, beer for the regulars, Miller Lite for the outsiders.  I was wearing jeans and a sweater, my hair pulled back in a ponytail, basically my work hard and fast outfit.  My legs were already tired from dragging my heavy boots from one end of the bar to the other, but at least my feet were warm on that concrete floor.
By ten every seat was taken at the bar.  By noon men were standing two deep waiting for a beer.  I worked fast.  I also worked simple.  Down at one end of the bar I had a guy wave a five dollar bill to get my attention (which meant I made him wait even longer), and when I finally got to him, the idiot asked for a “Brandy old fashioned sweet, please.”  Sure, I’ve got time to crush sugar cubes in the bottom of a glass and cut up some fruit.  I stopped moving, stared at him until I was sure I had his attention, and said, “Okay, Waukesha, I understand you want a beer and a shot of brandy, right?”  The idiot started to say, “No, I…” at which point some portion of his brain began processing correctly.  “Yes, that will be fine.”  He got his beer and brandy, and no one else made any stupid requests.
I turned the TV on at noon.  Retired players spent the next seven hours talking about the game.  It at least provided a distraction while I raced around with beer glasses and a brandy bottle.  I did have two guys ask for a pizza.  I told them the machine was broken but the restaurant next door was open.  Can you see I’ve got shot glasses in one hand and a bottle of brandy in the other?  What do you think you are most likely to get from me?
I was on my fifth half barrel of beer and fourth case of brandy (only two cases left.  Where the hell is the truck from Peshtigo?), when he walked in.  The only guy not wearing blaze orange.  Khaki work pants, khaki work shirt, heavily padded khaki jacket unzipped.  Like the Carhartt aisle had exploded all over him.  Klaus.  His first move?   He went straight to my father.  
And here’s where it really got odd.  Dad immediately turned to him, shook his hand, and started a conversation.  Odd.  Beyond odd.  Dad never does what I just saw him do.  At least not while in his bar.  Here, if you want to talk to dad, you sit on the stool next to him, you talk, and he continues looking at the TV.  If he responds, it will be brief, and it will be from the side of his face.  He doesn’t mean offense.  That’s just the way he carries on a conversation.  You talk to the side of his face, he talks to the TV.
Not so with Klaus.  Dad actually turned on his stool and looked at the guy. Very strange.
I’m busy pouring beer.  Did I mention there were now fifty or sixty guys in the bar?  Guys are backed up three deep waiting for a beer.  I’m doing the best I can.  And I’m not just pouring beer.  I know some of these guys.  They want to talk.  Some want to talk about the buck they got, some even want to talk about the local bottling plant.  I want to talk too, while I bring around plastic cups of beer and make change as best I can.  
But I also can’t take my eyes off Dad and Klaus.  Whatever they are talking about goes on forever.  Curious.  So I watch.
I suddenly had this memory of ninth grade.  One of the crueler things teachers do is arrange after school dances in the gym.  It must be funny to them.  There’s music playing, but the boys are at one end of the gym, and the girls at the other.  Each is looking at the other, but no one is crossing the gym.  The girls are all huddled up in their social groups, looking like prey herding for protection from predators, but as they talk, they keep looking over at the boys.  The boys are also talking, also looking, not yet ready to cross the floor.
That’s when Tiny came for me.  Years later, it occurred to me he came for me because I was the one girl not in a group.  I was trailer trash, so I had no social group.  It was just me standing alone.  He asked me to dance, took my hand, and led me to the center of the gym.  I was the first girl asked to dance!  Maybe I am beautiful.  Maybe I will be popular now.  I was so excited.  I can still feel his large, very wet hand holding mine, and his hand on the middle of my back.  We were not allowed to stand too close, and mostly we just rocked from side to side, occasionally moving one foot forward or back, basically doing a very slow, very awkward circle.
Other boys now crossed the floor.  Popular boys.  The ones on the basketball or football team.  They came in twos and threes and asked the prettier girls in the girl circles.  And the music played.  Tiny told me he was in my history class (he was sixteen and still a sophomore, but he held my hand and danced with me the rest of the hour that had been allotted for the dance).
He got his driver’s license the next month, and I found the backseat of his dad’s car soon after.  Tiffany and lots more came from that backseat and that after-school dance.
Why am I thinking about this now, in the middle of a bar, pouring beer and brandy for fifty guys?  Because, for some reason, this forty four year old mother of two and grandmother of four, feels like that ninth grade girl looking across the gym.  Some solid looking guy wearing khaki is across the room.  He’s over there.  I’m over here.  I look.  Occasionally I see him look.  I keep talking about deer stands and hunting rifles, and I keep looking.
Eventually I reach the obvious conclusion.  He has crossed the gym.  Crossed all the way from Germany.  He wants to dance.  Do I?  Yes.  Maybe.  Really not very sure.  Finally, I walk to him, but I go on the offensive.
“I don’t know why you are here, but I want nothing to do with your company.  Whatever pitch they sent you to make, don’t bother.”
I’m keeping my voice down, but it’s not like we are in a private space.  The bar is arranged so beer taps are in the middle, as is the cash register and the TV and my Dad.  The TV is mounted high above our heads, and supposedly people are looking there rather than at us, but I’ll bet a third of the bar can hear every word we say.
“You say you aren’t interested, but you are still a shareholder.”
“A few shares.”
“Thousands of shares.  You own almost two percent of a billion dollar company.  I think you have some interest.”
If there were people not listening before, they were listening now.  We were much more interesting than ESPN.  I heard one guy tell a friend, “two percent of a billion dollars.  That’s like fifteen or twenty thousand dollars!”  His friends nodded agreement.  I always feel sorry for the math teachers at Wausaukee High.  They must cry themselves to sleep at night.  
Did I own that much stock?  Yes.  Emil gave me stock when we married, and Emil and I had bought every share we could get our hands on.  It was a way to help him keep control of the company.  I had sunk over a million dollars of my hotel money into it, plus I took every stock option my position allowed.  Even after I left the company, I had my dividends reinvested in stock.  Two percent?  I wish it was fifty one percent.  
“If you’re here to buy my shares, I’m not selling.”
“I’d like to talk to you about something else.”
“I’m busy.”
I filled some cups and went off in the other direction.  My hands are wet with beer.  The plastic cups crush slightly as I carry them, so beer pours out the top.  I also have to balance the cups carefully and hoist them over the guys at the bar to the men standing behind them, all without drenching the guys I am reaching past.  It takes concentration.  Something I didn’t have that afternoon.
The next time I was near Klaus, I asked the obvious question.
“How did you find me?”
“You weren’t in your office, so I went next door and talked with Stacy.  Nice woman.  We had ice cream.”
“What did she tell you?”
“She told me about your family bar, and where to find you.”
“And…”
“She told me I might still have a chance with you.” 
What did I say to that? Nothing.  I’m looking at those blue eyes.  I handed him a beer.  
I took several more beers to the other end of the bar and stood talking to several guys I know.  Two have already gotten their bucks.  They described the hunt, and the bucks.  I listen and nod, and glance, well, you know where I’m looking.  Klaus is talking to my father and now to a couple other guys as well.  I hear bits of his conversation.  “Klaus.”  Something by the other guys.  “Heidelberg.”  Something by the other guys.  “Yes, the one in Germany.”
I carried on my conversation, he carried on his conversation, and I glanced in his direction.  Well, maybe more than glance.
I needed more beer.  Back to the taps, this time with a question.  
“Are you here for the company, or here for yourself?”
“I’m here for you.”  And he pulls two Packer tickets from his pocket and lays them on the bar.  Tonight’s game against the Cowboys.  I see the section and row number.  These are great seats.  “I’m hoping you’ll let me take you to the game.”
Before I could answer, he turned to my father.
“Sir, may I have permission to take your daughter out this evening?”
“Yes, but make sure you have her home by midnight.”  At this point the entire bar is laughing and looking at the three of us.
“And who is going to get beer for all these guys?”  I’m saying this as much to all the eavesdroppers as to dad.
“I have already called Morgan.  I figured you two would end up in the store room or back at your trailer.  No way you’d make it to the end of your shift.  She’ll be here in a couple minutes.  Now go.”
So, what do I do?  I do the obvious.  The guy has forty yard line seats to see the Packers versus the Cowboys.  He has shoulders that look really good in that jacket.  And not a bad smile.  He’s looking at me, I’m looking at him.  He has crossed the gym floor.  I don’t know how long we will dance, but we will dance tonight.  I am sure of that.
I went back into the storeroom for my coat.  I washed the beer off my hands.  I also checked a mirror.  A pony tail wasn’t my best look.  I took off the band and combed out my hair.  I had some lipstick in my coat pocket.  Did I put it on?  No, maybe later.  At least the coat was nice – the warm wool coat I had worn home from Bern years before.  I buttoned it up and then pulled my hair out over the collar.  I think I looked okay.
He stood waiting near the door.  I walked to him while every man in the place watched.  You don’t do a runway walk in work boots, but I held my posture and walked with my head up.  He took my hand at the door.  His hand was large, and warm.  It felt good around mine. Firm.  Not too hard, not too soft.  The grip of a man who knows how to be around women.
The sun had set.  It was dark outside.  Amberg has a total of two street lights.  There was plenty of noise behind us, back in the bar, but the street was silent.  Just the two of us crunching through snow in our boots.  Stars up above.  A clear sky meant a cold night.  We moved closer to each other as we crossed the street to his car.
At his car I stood and waited for him to open my door.  It seemed like the sort of thing a European professor would do.  But he just stood there.  He let go of my hand and put both his hands on my shoulders.  His face was close.  I could see him clearly even in the darkness.  
“You know Elsa told me about you.  Some conference.  We met, we talked, I liked her.  We had dinner together.  She told me about you.  Not just the Kalahari project you were working on, but earlier.  She talked about all the past versions of you.  All the layers of you.  She told me to look you up on YouTube.  She said there was one segment that explained you best.  I think I saw the location when I drove through Wausaukee.  She was right.”
“That was kind of her.”  Funny, I wasn’t blushing.  I was watching his face as he talked.  “You know you and I have things to work out, right?”
“Do we work them out here, or in Heidelberg?”
“You promised to get me home by midnight.”
“Yes, but I didn’t say which day.”  
I put a hand at the back of his neck.  I rose up on my toes and kissed him.  What else are you going to do?  By the way, the Packers beat the hell out of the Cowboys.  It was a fabulous night.  Followed by a very comfortable flight to Germany.






Author’s Note:
The towns mentioned in this novel are real.  Amberg, Wisconsin – still there, still tiny.  As you drive up Highway 141, you may or may not see the sign for the town, depending on how fast you can read road signs.  Iron River, Michigan lost much of its population when the mines closed.  When I took my kids skiing up there, you could buy half the houses in town for $12,000.  The Gods Must be Crazy is a movie worth seeing.  The star did live in Tsumkwe, and the local store does have a huge Coke billboard.  When I visited, a local woman was illegally selling wine to Bushmen.  She was not the principal’s wife.  The floating tiki bar in Katima Mulilo?  Real, as is the crocodile warning.
Amberg, Iron River, and Namibia are nice places well worth visiting.
