WHAT IF
(A Romantic Mystery at the Apple Farm)
By Ann (Ritchie) Domela
Copyright © 2010 by Ann S. (Ritchie) Domela
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be produced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously with the exception of places used in the book by permission of the owner’s or their agents of those establishments. Any resemblance to any actual persons living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
The book was printed in the United States of America.

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - Haunting Memory
Chapter 2 - The Apple Farm Inn
Chapter 3 - Rose's, Morro Bay
Chapter 4 - The Art Gallery
Chapter 5 - Taco Temple
Chapter 6 - The Gazebo at the Apple Farm
Chapter 7 - Rock and Roll Diner
Chapter 8 - Pasta Bell, Pismo Beach
Chapter 9 - The Scottish Treat
Chapter 10 - Room 300
Chapter 11 - J. Henry Manor Tea Room
Chapter 12 - Rosa's
Chapter 13 - California Coast
Chapter 14 - The Ceileh
Chapter 15 - The Gathering
Chapter 16 - The Games Begin
Chapter 17 - The Drive Home
Chapter 18 - Montana de Oro
Chapter 19 - The Club House at This Old House
Chapter 20 - Duncan Comes Home
Chapter 21 - The Pyramid at McCarthy's
Chapter 22 - Another One
Chapter 23 - Decisions
Chapter 24 - The Surprise
Chapter 25 - What's Going On?
Chapter 26 - The Truth Comes Out
Chapter 27 - Epilogue

Heather MacIntosh fled her beloved Scotland to get away from the   disastrous memories of the loss of her fiancé, Ian Sutherland.
Ian was “missing at sea” just before their wedding and after a bitter argument.
But his ghostly memory follows her to the Apple Farm Inn on the central coast of California. It is there that she sees the man who haunts her dreams. Is it Ian, his ghost, or ….?  She has to find out for herself.
Follow Heather as she goes from place to place on the Central Coast. Enjoy the many restaurants that she visits with a restaurant reviewer and her friend, Linda Sue.
Discover with Heather what happened to this “ghost”.

This book is lovingly dedicated to my wonderful husband, Fred. He’s made my life worth the living.


Chapter 1
Haunting Memory

Sleeping soundly on the exquisite, four-poster, high-canopied bed, Heather suddenly moved her foot sharply, as if to shake off something, an unknown hand touching her foot. Then there was the definite sensation of something or someone sitting on the bed next to the young woman.  Would it ever stop? Was it a dream so vivid it was real? She felt as if she were losing her mind or what was left of it.  “Leave me alone,” she shouted holding back the tears of frustration.  “Go away. I don’t want you anywhere near me. It isn’t fair.” Sitting up in the antique styled bed, she wiped away a few of the tears beginning to course down her cheeks. “I thought you loved me, yet you continue to torture me. Please, please Ian, go away and let me go on with my life, such as it is without you. I’m so sorry. Why can’t you forgive me?”
Sleep would not return easily. Heather knew that from the many nights she had spent like this. She rose from the bed, wearing her old comfortable blue flannel nightgown, to walk to the antique coffee table in the small sitting room.  Wanting to feel the warmth and comfort, she switched on the fireplace and sat down on the ornate maroon couch, placing one of the gold satin pillows behind her back. Without hesitation, she pulled out the well-worn telegram from her new black leather purse as if to assure her distressed mind that Ian was truly deceased and only a memory that refused to stop haunting her.
It was addressed to his fiancée, Miss Heather MacIntosh, “We regret to inform you that Ian Sutherland has been lost at sea. After extensive searching, we were unable to rescue him or his body. We can only presume that he is permanently missing and deceased. You have our deepest regrets.”
She read the words as if she had never seen them, over and over. It wasn’t as if she hadn’t shed thousands of tears over the words, the pain, and the guilt. That was almost as bad as the loss of the man she had loved with all her heart, the terrible guilt. If she hadn’t insisted on accepting this position, if only she hadn’t told him that no matter what, she was going to this part of California to paint scenes of the coast for the famous Art Gallery of Enchantment on the central coast of California. What if she had agreed to get married when Ian wanted instead of waiting, he would not have died alone in the frigid, cruel North Sea. He would have been secure in their home in Rosehearty on the coast of Scotland with his safe position as a computer technician. Since Heather had chosen to accept this artist contract to do a series of paintings, he had retaliated by taking his vacation time to go on that fateful fishing trip before she was to leave on her own journey. She looked at the words again. “Missing at sea”. She hadn’t even been able to say goodbye. There was no physical body. With her broken heart, she couldn’t accept that he was gone without some kind of visible proof.
Perhaps he had just fallen off the boat and managed to reach the shore of one of the many islands nearby, but the water was so frigid. He couldn’t have made it. No one could survive the freezing waters. Maybe another boat had picked him up, but then the authorities would have been notified. He couldn’t have survived, but he shouldn’t have died, not so young.
Heather ran her fingers through her short dark brown hair. Ian had loved her hair when it was long, hanging almost to her slender waist. Since he was gone, she had chosen to have it cropped to leave it in a short tousled look.  That was her defiant way of showing Ian how angry she was at him for going off to his death. That was before she started blaming herself with the dubious assistance of his ghostly presence. Thankfully, he had been single with no parents to cast blame her way. But there had been so many well-meaning friends. “What if you two had gotten married, what if you had turned down that job.” Life is full of “what if’s. How could she have known what that fateful decision would cost?
Heather’s own mother had long ago gone to live with her sister, Heather’s Aunt Chrissie, in a nearby larger town of Fraserburgh. With Heather’s upcoming marriage, she had decided she did not want to live alone. Now she was settled in and didn’t want to return. Heather was so lonely in the house, especially since she had planned to live there after the wedding. That is, until Ian had made other plans. No one really blamed Heather; not outright, but there were the looks, the implications.
Here she was, alone in a most exquisite hotel room on the Central Coast of California, away from all their well-meaning friends and families. After losing him, her first thought had been to reject the commission. She could blame the job for her loss. But, as time went by, she felt it would be better to just leave the town where they had spent all of their young lives. Here, she could get lost in work, her art, while supporting herself and getting away from the many harsh accusing eyes.
Though the sun was only beginning to come up, it was nearly impossible to return to sleep, no matter how comfortable the bed. The rising sun brought out the exquisite patterns on the maroon and gold wallpaper. This room over the Mill House at the Apple Farm Inn was so lavish. She felt as if she were in an opulent castle. Linda Sue had been so thoughtful to put her in such a luxurious hotel. It was here she was beginning to feel some semblance of self-worth. If Linda Sue felt she was worth the wonderful hotel, perhaps she was more of a success than she had thought.
Painful memories kept invading her mind. It had only been under a year since the two had stood on the shore near their respective homes, planning the wedding that would soon take place. Ian wore the traditional seaman’s jacket with the tight jeans that showed off his muscular body; while Heather’s petite form was hidden in a heavy tan parka trimmed in warm white fur. They had sat holding hands staring out at the ocean they both loved. The bright moon played on the gentle waves. So serene. So unusual for the North Sea. It was then that she spoke the words that would alter her life forever.
“Ian, I have decided to accept this offer to go to California to do these paintings. If all goes well, I can take many photographs of the area and continue to do the paintings here and send them back. It will mean we will have our home, the one you wanted for so long, and all the sooner.”
The tall man with the hair and beard the color of dark mahogany looked down on her with a hint of anger in his usually low voice. How could she refuse this handsome man? Almost every marriageable girl in town had eyes for her Ian. No other man had eyes of such divine blue, the color of the sea when angry.    “No, Heather, you are my cherished lassie and I will na’ have it.” his strong hands came down on her shoulders to bring her closer to his muscular body. As usual, when they were at odds, she pulled away. Her naturally soft green eyes flared in anger at his futile attempt to control her. That would never happen as he should by now, be fully aware. Unlike many of the young women in the town, she was going to be different. She did want a husband, home and children like the others, but Heather wanted more. Art was her passion and she wanted to be a success in her chosen field. It was more than just a dream. There was a compulsion in the young woman. The owner of the Art Gallery of Enchantment had seen examples of her work at a local art show when she had been touring Scotland a few months previously. At that time, the owner, Linda Sue Key, had offered Heather a chance to come to the Central Coast of California. She had been certain that Heather could paint some thrilling examples of the coast around San Luis Obispo, Shell Beach, Grover Beach, Avila Beach and even some areas around the famous Hearst Castle. It could be her one chance to prove herself, to become a success. But Ian didn’t want his wife to do anything except what his mother, grandmother and great grandmother had done. Live to please her husband, take care of the home and raise the many children he wanted to father.  As an only child mainly raised by relatives, he wanted a very large family and she did understand. His father had perished in the North Sea and his mother had followed shortly thereafter. Although she did love this man with all her heart, she didn’t want to grow old wondering what else she could have done with her life.
“Canna (can’t) you just try to understand? You have your work that you enjoy. I want to give this a fair try. It will only be for a few months while I see the scenery there, sketch, and take tons of photos. I will do all the work here at home and ship them off. Just a few brief months.”
“Heather, it’s you that doesn’t understand me. I don’t want my wee lassie going awa’ (away) to some strange land alone. You are far too bonnie, too delicate. I love your long chocolate brown hair when it catches the sun. Your mouth,” he came down hard on her lips with a kiss that took her breath, “your mouth is kissable and your skin is so soft I feel as if I’m caressing pure silk. Every man you meet will be attracted to you and I’m not sure you can resist. You are mine, Heather, my own dear wifee to be.”
“Why don’t you trust me? I would never betray you.”
“I’m not saying you would, not intentionally. But suppose you meet someone else?”
“Ian, just stop. If I were to meet another man, anywhere, even in our own small town, it doesn’t mean that I would run into his arms. I belong to you by my choice, forever.  I promise you I will never, ever betray you with any other.  Our love is for a lifetime. Why do you want to keep me penned up, keep me from realizing success in what I want to do? I can even stay one short month and be back in plenty of time to plan our wedding. It will give me the chance to live my dream.”
“I thought I was your dream, that our life together would be enough for you.” Ian turned away from her petulantly like a deprived child.
“You are my lifetime dream. I want to be your wife. All I ask is one month. Is that so much to ask? She was angry. In this day and age, no woman should have to ask permission from her mate and especially not an intended mate. They should each have equal rights, equal opportunity to follow their own dreams, but not to Ian’s old-fashioned mind.
“Ay (yes), it is too much to ask. If you loved me, really loved me, you wouldn’t want to go off to some far off place and leave me alone.”
“Ian, I have cut it back to just one month, one short month, thirty little days. Why does everything have to be your way and your way only? Don’t I have any rights in our relationship at all? Isn’t what I want important to you as what you do is important to me?”
He turned, facing the sea, his broad back away from Heather. “Of course, my sweet love, I want you to be happy and become a success. Canna (can’t) you just wait until after the wedding?”
Oh, no, he wasn’t going to win this time with his charming ways. That was always the way it went. Ian was so sure of her love for him; a little pouting usually gained him his way. When she had voiced her opinion about a small intimate wedding, he insisted on a larger one. Heather’s choice of homes was the little cottage overlooking the ocean. Deciding that they would have a large family almost immediately, his choice was the eight room Ross house high on the hill outside of town. She really didn’t mind the idea of having enough room for an office for him and a studio for her, but he wanted to fill it with children. That would be fine in the future, but not immediately. She had only just begun selling a few of her paintings and they could little afford it. That would take most of their savings with little left for anything else. No security for the unknown future. Without consulting her, he had put the down payment on the house. Loving him as he did, she had reluctantly agreed. Now with the chance to vastly improve her earnings, enough to pay for his choice of homes, he didn’t want her to leave his sight, even for one mere month. 
“Ay, Ian, it is too much to ask. I’ve given in to you in every way until now. This time it is my turn. I’m leaving in fourteen days and will return in thirty more days in plenty of time to plan the big wedding you want.
“I want? This is for you. Everyone in town is waiting to see us wed.”
“No, it isn’t for me. It isn’t what I want, but I am giving in to you.” She faced him directly, standing on the edge of the rocks, the wind picking up enough to make her pull the jacket closer to her chilled body.
“Heather, love, I’m only insisting on a big wedding so you won’t regret having a small one, later on. The same with the house. You want a studio in the home so you can do your painting thing. It’s all for you, my dear wifee to be. Is it so wrong for me to love you and want nothing but the best for you? I love you so much I canna do enough for you.”
There it was. He was doing it again. She was the one feeling guilty, ready to give in. “I do love you, Ian and I do appreciate everything you do for me, but.”
“Then you’ll wait until after the wedding.” It wasn’t a question, but a voice of victory. He held her out looking down at her face, almost smirking. He had won _again.
“No you don’t; not this time, she thought as she turned from him.  I am going to California before the wedding, just as planned.”
She almost gave in completely when she went to the dock to say goodbye. Heather pleaded with Ian to forgive her. “I’ll let Linda Sue know that I can only paint from her photographs of the area. We can have the wedding whenever you want. Please, please forgive me. We shouldn’t fight, not now with our wedding so close.”
“Hush, Lassie,” Ian put his arms around her. “You go ahead and get your lavender heather colored wedding gown fitted; go on with the ordering of what needs to be done.”
“Ian, you know how I feel about fishing on the North Sea. I’ve lost so many relatives to the sea. It has taken so many of our villagers, including your father and mine. Then your poor mom died of a broken heart so soon after. Now you want me to remain calm while you risk your life. Do you have to go? I’ve agreed to stay home and forget about the art. What more do you want? Don’t go.” She begged as the cold wind blew her long hair around her face.
“I canna do that, Lassie. We’ve had this planned for weeks. We’ve all chipped in for the boat. I canna let the boys down. It’s too late.” He pulled away from her.
“Weeks?  Weeks? You mean you’ve had this planned all along? Were you just waiting for one of our many arguments to use it for an excuse to go? If it weren’t the art, would you have deliberately started an argument?”
“No, of course not. "I," she stuttered. "I had planned to just discuss it with you before I went, but then we had the argument.”
“Ian, that’s not good enough. That is just you. You will always do what you want.”
“And?”
“And, nothing. I don’t want to fight with you again. Just go and have a good time. I’ll get things ready for our wedding.”
“That’s my fair lassie.” Ian put his strong arms around her.
“Just please be careful. You know I will worry about you every minute. I love you so much, Ian.”
“Me too. I’ll see you when I return.” He blew her a quick kiss.
That was the last time she would ever see him.
The funeral was the same as afforded to any man who was “missing at sea”. The man was presumed deceased and the services were the same as if he were actually lying in his casket. A small stone marker was erected in the local graveyard in “memory of Ian Sutherland, beloved of Heather MacIntosh”. Although most of the town people treated her as if she were his widow, there were many who knew of their argument. They were the first to condemn. If she hadn’t “insisted on having her own way”, if she “hadn’t been so headstrong”, Ian would have never gone to his death.
The only man she had ever loved would be in her waiting arms tonight instead of his ghost haunting her, trying to take what little was left of her sanity. It didn’t seem to matter where she was, she could feel his presence, especially at night when she was trying to sleep. Usually, she would feel something touching her foot or a movement on the bed as if someone were sitting down. There was never a true ghostly sight, nothing she could see, just the movements. There was no sound, no voice, but Heather knew it had to be her Ian.
“It doesn’t matter,” she spoke to her unseen lover. “I am going on with my life, doing my painting and I will not allow your ghost to keep me from living. So just go away. Ian, go away to where ever you belong.” She picked up the soft white terry cloth robe that had been provided by the Inn from the back of the antique styled chair. She wished it were a later time in the morning so she could order her early morning coffee and newspaper.
Although, it wasn’t cold, a chill ran down her back. She still kept feeling as if Ian was in the room. She didn’t know how to make either him or the feeling leave. The warm glow from the fireplace permeated the room, but she still had the feeling that he was close.
“Ian, Ian, please. I love you. You will always have that special place in my heart, but I can’t go on like this. Why are you tormenting me? I could not stay in Rosehearty. The town, the people; I didn’t stand a chance. Not only am I not ready to commit to another man, but what man of our town would want me? I just want to go on and have some kind of success in the art. You said you forgave me when I came to you at the boat the day you left. I told you I would do what you wanted and give up the trip to further my own personal career.  I promise you, I will love you always. I won’t forget you, ever.”
There was no answer from anywhere in the room. She peered into the dark corners as if she were expecting a figure to emerge from the shadows.
“Damn it, Ian, you don’t mind touching me or sitting on the bed when I am in a deep slumber, but you won’t come forth and talk to me. I swear, I almost hate you,” she cried out to the vacant room as she walked out to small porch to turn on the whirlpool spa tub where she could relax. If he wouldn’t allow her to return to her much needed sleep, she would just put on a bathing suit and let the warm waters soothe her tired body.  At that hour of the morning, she probably didn’t have to wear a suit and there was the trellis fence along the railing, but she was far too modest not to wear one.
As she leaned back in the warm water, she tried to plan her day. At nine, she was to meet with Linda Sue Key, the owner of the art shop who had brought her to the central coast of California. They were going to discuss the places that Linda Sue felt would be best areas for Heather to paint. Then, Linda Sue would provide the maps and she would make her first attempt to drive to them. She had been practicing driving on the odd side of the road on a few occasions in Linda Sue’s car. Difficult, because in Scotland, she had no trouble driving on the correct side of the road. All she would have to do is concentrate. Linda Sue had promised that if she felt uncomfortable, she would hire a driver for her. “I can do it,” Heather spoke aloud. “I will make a success out of myself, no matter what and you, Mister. Sutherland, will go away.

Chapter 2
The Apple Farm Inn

Heather was almost dressed in her stark white blouse and plain dark gray slacks, when there was a light tap on the door.
“Heather, Heather,” she heard a low whisper as she walked to the door.
“Linda Sue, is there something wrong? Am I late? It is only 8:30, isn’t it? I thought we were to meet at nine in the lobby.”
“Sshh. I don’t want to disturb your neighbor if you have any.” Linda Sue came in dressed in a lovely casual outfit of blue slacks with a lighter blue top, carrying a light matching jacket and a brilliant peacock colored scarf. It was the vivid blue that set off the medium length blonde hair.
“I don’t. The desk clerk told me that I would be alone in the Mill House rooms. But both rooms will be taken for this weekend. So I will move to room 300 in a few days.”
“Great. You will love that room. It’s one of their best. I really hope you enjoy all this room swapping, but it is going to take a little longer until I get my guest room completed. Some of these rooms were reserved months ago. Let me tell you, it is so difficult getting work done. It was hard enough to get a man to complete an art studio at the back of my shop. I know you were so amiable about sleeping on my couch, but I can’t have that for my special artist.
I had already made up my mind that you should stay here at the Apple Farm in order that you have the best that you so righteously deserve. By going to different rooms, you can enjoy the ambiance of each of these chosen rooms.  I know I could have opted for a much less expensive motel, but I feel you really need a good comfortable place as well as a place of such magnificence that you can feel like the great artist you are.  And it won’t hurt if you get some paintings of the old motel next door and of the Apple Farm Inn as well. You know this place was once a pancake house in 1977. That is when a couple named Katy and Bob Davis purchased it and began to remodel after the design of the Coronado Hotel in San Diego and the one in Mackinac Island in Michigan. You know the one where they did a movie. It’s one of my favorite movies, a touching love story. “Somewhere in Time.” Every time I watch it, tears come to my eyes. It’s so so, romantic. It’s called the Grand Hotel.”
“The movie is called that?”
“No, just the hotel.”
“Oh, I’ve never heard of it.”
“I’ll share the video tape with you.”
“Thank you.”
“I know they purchased another hotel next door and added it to the existing hotel and then they also purchased the first motel in the world which is just next door. I’m not exactly sure what they are going to do with it, but I do ask that you take some photos and do as many paintings as it is in its original state before it is changed. The art could be considered paintings of a historical treasure. It doesn’t hurt art when you aim at an audience. Our audience will be in that case, those who enjoy historical art.”
“I can do that.”
“That is one of the reasons why I preferred you to stay here. There is so much history here, so much beauty. And…we have so little time to get it all.
“How about this Mill House? It seems so historical as well, so old, so quaint.”
“Actually, this building opened in 1988. But the bearings and the cast iron hubs are over 100 years old. The miller will take you on tour at your request.”
“Well,” Heather picked up her gray jacket and put it on. “What would you like me to do first? The ocean, the motel, this hotel, the gazebo here, the mill?”
“Let’s see?” Linda Sue was laughing. “There are seven days in a week. That’s only five things. And I do believe in one day off a week or so. That gives you an extra day. Can you get it all done in a week? Don’t forget, I also have Hearst Castle in mind; that is, the surrounding ocean areas.”
“Of course,” Heather was close to laughing aloud as well. “What a taskmaster. About the cost, I know you said you prefer to save your money and mine, but for what? Aren’t you important enough for the best? And it will only be for a short time. I had already allocated the profit from your first sold painting that I purchased in Scotland to take care of this.”
“I do hate to spend foolishly and certainly don’t expect you to do so either. But I do love it here.”
“Like I said, it won’t be for long. I have a lot of work done already and I am looking for a helper to get it finished. You are worth it.”
“You haven’t told me why you’re here so early. Did I?”
“Stop, Heather. You’ve done nothing wrong. I just couldn’t wait to tell you I already sold the first painting you did that is for your own profit.”
“You did?” Heather squealed with delight.
“Yes, and look what I got for it.” Linda Sue held out a sizable check.
“But, what about your commission? This is so much.”
“I already took it out. I told you your paintings would sell well here. Now, you can go out shopping for new clothes. Sweetie, you got to get into something other than those drab outfits you brought with you. Have you never heard of color? What about those darling plaids I’ve seen worn in Scotland. All I’ve seen your wear is a black and a few shades of gray.”
“I feel as if I should wear mourning.”
“Stop, Heather. Even widows stop mourning after a year. I know it hasn’t been that long, but you are not a widow. You didn’t even get married.”
A tear escaped Heather’s green eyes. “No, we didn’t marry, but we would have.”
“But you didn’t. From what you told me, he made his choice. Look, let’s go down to the restaurant and have breakfast. Time to stop talking about sad things. Especially now, with your first sale. I am so sure I was right about you. Soon, everyone will be saying your name, Heather MacIntosh, the artist.”
“Yes, we can go.” Heather finished making the bed.
“You don’t have to do that.”
“Yes, I know, but I feel I should help the maid. She is so sweet. Just one more minute. I have to turn off the fireplace and the Jacuzzi.
“Okay, let’s go. I’m starving and I am sweet too.”
“Yes, yes, you are. Fine, let’s get going.” Heather picked up a dark gray sweater.
“Do you want to put on some makeup or something?” Linda Sue asked.
“No, I’m fine without all that?”
“Did you ever wear any makeup at all? It’s not like you need it, but every woman looks better with some makeup, perfume, etc.”
“It’s not for me. Not now.”
“Oh no, still with the mourning. Someday, that does have to stop.”
“Heather looked sheepish. “I will. It’s just taking time. Please try to understand.”
“I will. I do. I will give you some more time, but when you look good, you feel better. I bet you were a knockout when you were with your young man.” Linda Sue opened the door.
As they left the room, Heather gave her words some thought. Linda Sue thought she had been a knockout. What did she look like now? Perhaps she should look more closely into the mirror instead of rushing past it, afraid of what she might see.
Together they walked down the stairs through the Mill House gift shop, out past the huge water wheel and on through the garden. The colors were spectacular on the crisp April morning. A short walk past the antique station wagon in the driveway in front of the lobby and up the slight hill. The entrance to the restaurant, gift shop, was ablaze with the colorful flowers.
“I can’t believe that just one gardener takes care of this whole place.” Heather gestured towards all the plants.
“They have had that one gardener for years and he does have some part time helpers. It is amazing, isn’t it?” Linda agreed.
“I haven’t eaten at the restaurant yet.”
“Why not? Where have you been eating?”
“I just haven’t been that hungry. I have eaten here and there. Picked up a few things at the local market.” As if to change the subject quickly, “Have you eaten here?”
“Oh, yes, yes, many times, every chance I get. I love their food. The hardest part about their menu is what to try first. One of my favorites is their apple cider baked beans.”
“Baked beans?” Heather asked. “For breakfast?”
“No, silly goose. It’s just the flavor. They are so, so good. I would love to beg for the recipe, but that would be useless, I’m sure. I’ve tried to figure it out. I know there are beans, like baked beans. I’m sure they add apple cider and I think I detect some minute pieces of apple. There also seems to be pecans. It blends so well, I can’t discern the flavors exactly. Actually, if they did have them on the menu for breakfast, I’d go for it.”
“Not me.”
“Speaking of which,” the girls went up the stairs from the enchanting gift shop to the restaurant, “what are you going to have for breakfast? I’m getting worried about you. I don’t see you putting on any weight.”
“I know, I know.”
Linda paused and gave her name at the podium requesting a table in the gazebo. “Don’t “I know, I know”? I know too. You never seem to take time to eat when you are working. It looks like you are losing weight and with your frame, you can little afford it. Now, me.”
“You look fine.”
“Sure,” Linda Sue patted her hips. “I wouldn’t mind losing a little on the hips as long as I keep the bust, but not your way. You’re starving yourself to death.”
“Your table is almost ready, Miss Key.” The hostess let them know.
“No, I’m just not hungry much.”
“Good excuse, but it won’t fly.”
“Won’t fly? What does that mean?” Heather asked.
“It’s one of our many illogical colloquialisms. It means it doesn’t sound right.”
The hostess led them through the restaurant out the back area to the indoor gazebo. There were many tables around the round perimeter of the room with a few in the center. The many windows around the room showed views of the abundant garden, so perfect in April. Within moments of being seated, a very personable waitress came up to them asking for their beverage choice.
“Coffee, quick, please.” Linda gasped playfully, as their pretty blonde waitress, Kim, smiled.
“I’ll have a cuppa.”
The waitress looked inquisitively.
“I’m sorry. A cup of tea, no cream, no sugar and no lemon.”
“All you have to do is ask for a cup of tea, plain. Now that’s not all you are going to have, is it?”
“Well, perhaps later, I’ll have….”
“I know. Nothing. Heather, to be blunt, I have a lot of money invested in you and your art. I can’t afford to have you die on me, not yet anyway.  Maybe in twenty paintings or so.” Linda laughed.  “No, no, make that thirty---um—five,”
“By that time, you’ll have me weigh a few hundred pounds.”
“No, not really. I am concerned. I know you are grieving. But it’s time to start living your life.”
“Are you ready to order or shall I give you a few more minutes?”
“We’ll order.” Linda took over. “I’ll have crab cakes eggs Benedict with a fresh baked blueberry muffin. No wait a minute; that is served on an English muffin. I’ll have the fresh fruit.”
“And you?” Kim inquired.
Heather lowered her eyes so as not to see Linda Sue’s possible glare.
“What I wouldn’t do for some bangers (English sausage and mash (mashed potatoes) or mealie pudding (Scottish oatmeal sausage). I guess we never forget our “comfort foods, do we? Okay, the nearest thing to it is the apple sausage with eggs over medium. And, uhm, oh, good, scones (baked or grilled like biscuits)”
“Speaking of apple, I have to ask. Your name is MacIntosh. Does it have anything to do with the apple?”
For the first time in a long time, Heather burst out laughing. “No, no. Actually, the name is a war cry, pronounced Mac In Tosh.”
“Oh, I see. And the silver pin you wear; is that from your clan?”
“Yes it is. It’s a wild cat and the words say, “Touch not the cat bot a glove". It means that someone of my clan is like a wild cat. So be careful when dealing with this wild cat.”
“Too bad you aren’t really a wild cat. You would fight harder to take control of your life.”
“Honestly, Linda Sue, I’ve done more to live my own life in the past months than I ever did when I lived in Rosehearty. Scotland is up to date in many, many ways, but too many of our women are old-fashioned, especially in the villages like mine. The man is the ruler of the home.”
“I have to admit, we have a great many women in this country who fail to take over their own lives.”
“Not you. You are more independent than any woman I have ever known. I admire that.”
“One more small thing I can’t quite understand about you, if you don’t mind.”
“No, I don’t mind. Might as well get it all out and done with. What is it?” Heather gave Linda Sue a big smile.
“It’s your accent. I did spend quite a bit of time all around Scotland and everyone there has that delightful way of speaking. You, however, don’t have as much an accent although you do use some of the Scottish phrases and words.”
“Ah, that is simple. My mum was actually born in Boston, Massachusetts and left in her teens when her father was stationed in Scotland. He was a merchant seaman. So she really didn’t have much of an accent when she was raising me. In fact, her American and especially Bostonian accent was what attracted my father to her.”
“That must have been difficult. From what little I know of the Bostonian accent, they drop their r’s and Scots roll them. You managed to get in-between their opposing languages.”
“That’s me. Neither here nor there.” Heather almost laughed.
“Here comes our breakfast. So no more mutual fan club. I can hardly wait to get to this meal.”
“Is there anything else I can get for you?” the waitress asked.
“As a matter of fact, Kim, there is something you can get for me.” Linda Sue ventured.
The attractive blonde waitress raised her eyebrows slightly. “What would that be?” She was always so pleasant and helpful.
“I desperately need a man.”
“Don’t know if I can help you there.”
“Not that kind.” Linda Sue laughed aloud. “My carpenter had some major family problem in L.A. and he left me with just a little more work to complete my guest room. It’s so close to being done; almost any man will do as long as he knows what a hammer is without using a tool dictionary.”
“Off hand, I don’t know of anyone, but if I hear of anyone, I will let you know.”
“Thank you, Kim.”
They ate almost in silence with the few exceptions of an intermittent mmmm and yum from Linda Sue who was thoroughly enjoying her meal.
Heather had eaten her scone right away with a bit of orange marmalade, but wasn’t touching her sausage, eggs or potatoes.
“That’s not enough,” said Linda Sue reaching over to cut the eggs and sausage in half. “Now, finish this half and I’ll be happy. Okay?”
Heather grimaced. She really didn’t want any more. But she knew her friend was right. She was losing too much weight. Soon, she wouldn’t have a choice as to whether to buy new clothes or not. She tried and managed to get almost the entire half down.
Satisfied, Linda Sue suggested that they go back to Heather’s room to discuss the day’s trip to see the suggested ocean scenes. “I’ll take a cup of coffee with me. How about you? Tea?”
“No. I do have a hot water warmer and some tea bags with a cup in my room. A good Scot is always prepared for a cuppa.”
“Don’t take this wrong, but could it be you are a bit thrifty?”
“Always, raised that way. But don’t let my uncle Alex hear you say that. He gets furious when anyone implies that the Scots are cheap.”
“Your uncle Alex?”
“Mhmm. My favorite uncle. He may be far away traveling all over Scotland, but he is always on my mind. As a child, we always heard his opinions, but delighted when he brought us little sweeties.”
“Sweeties? Could that be candy treats?”
“Right, and cookies and such.” They were going up the stairs in the Mill House.
“Oh, I love this maroon colors in this room,” Linda Sue gestured around the ornate room as they entered.
“My artist eye appreciates the paisley patterns on the maroon wallpaper while the bed covers are plain. And did you see this?” Heather reached under the bed.
“What on earth are you looking for? Dust bunnies?”
“I don’t know what a dust bunny is, but have you ever seen anything like this?” she held up a folded card. “It says yes, we have cleaned under the bed. Isn’t that adorable?”
“Yes, as many times as I’ve been here, I’ve never seen that. Let’s go in front of the fireplace and I can enjoy my coffee while we look over the maps of where I believe you should go today to photograph scenes.”
Heather flipped on the switch to the fireplace and cleared the golden table runner and knick-knacks off the coffee table. Linda Sue spread out a map.
“Here is where we are.” She pointed to the area next to Highway 101. Follow this route and you will be in Morro Bay next to Morro Rock. It’s a big one. And here is a set of directions I got off the Internet with more specific instructions.” She handed her a few papers. On this first trip, just take photos of what looks good to you. Morro Rock is always good for a few paintings.”
I am sure I can manage. My home town was quite small, but I went to the big town of Aberdeen a few times.” Heather smiled.
“Okay, I’ll stop being motherly.  For now. Here are the keys to the gray Toyota in the parking lot, right next to the lobby. I had it delivered here this morning. It’s a rental for as long as it is needed. Now, are you sure you can handle driving our way?”
“I’m sure.”
“If you have any problems, I will hire a driver for you.” Receiving a “look”, Linda Sue continued. “Okay, go, take your photos and….”
Heather gave her another inquisitive look.
“Have some lunch.”

Chapter 3
Rose’s, Morro Bay

The short drive to Morro Bay had been tedious, but Heather was determined. The 101 led less than a mile to route one west toward Morro Bay, well marked. Within 15 miles, she was driving through the quaint beach town. As promised, she could hardly miss the huge Morro Rock. Being a week day and not quite in to tourist season, it was relatively easy to find a parking space. There were even a few parking lots located next to some of the restaurants and others across the street.
Linda Sue had told her that her best route would be to walk down Embarcadero Road along the water area. That way she could take hundreds of photos of the varied views. Since Morro Rock would be the focus of many of her paintings, she would start there. Fortunately, she was one who walked a great deal. Back in her home in Rosehearty, Scotland, everyone walked.
Close up, the rock was overwhelming and quite spectacular, even in the light fog that surrounded Morro Rock. It would take up the whole of a large canvas, but she could get photos of the details. As she walked around the rock as far as she could, she took many shots of every portion of the massive rock. Heather had been told that the sea wall that ran out from the rock was made of boulders from the original rock.
She loved the smell of the ocean and enjoyed the light breeze off the water. It was so like her home.
As she walked down Embarcadero Rd., she passed many restaurants. The young woman could hear Linda Sue’s voice in her head. “Eat lunch.” She wasn’t at all hungry, not after that great breakfast, but perhaps she should find something. Many of the restaurants had great views of the rock and Morro Bay. Perhaps she could go inside one and ask permission to take photos. That looked as if it would have a view. It wasn’t lunchtime yet. Maybe they wouldn’t mind if she just took some photos.
Heather entered and spoke to the pleasant waitress, asking permission to just take photos. The answer was affirmative. Heather took many photos from as many angles as possible. For a moment, she thought of having lunch there in order to keep her promise to Linda Sue, but she just wasn’t that hungry, although the odors emanating from the kitchen were most tempting. Maybe she would return here for a meal some time.
She thanked the waitress and headed back to the street. There were so many more views she needed to get on camera. With the sale of the first painting she had done in the studio, it spurred her on. As soon as she printed out these photos, she could get to work in the studio made for her by Linda Sue. Those brushes were sitting there idle.
The shops were interesting as she walked by. The air felt good, fresh and she was beginning to feel exhilarated. Heather was looking for interesting views. Perhaps she could climb one of the hilly streets for a better aspect.  There was a place called Dorn’s up on the hill and Linda Sue had told her that the food was good there, but she preferred a more level view. The paintings should be at the shore level, mainly. She continued to walk down the street, even stopping by a gallery to admire some of the artwork in the window. Walking through one of the parking lots, she noted that she still had a view of both the water and the rock. Heather took many photos from different angles.
Hmm, she thought to herself looking around, there was supposed to be a gallery here that was a must do on her list from her friend. Thomas Kincaide was called the painter of light. A signature gallery should be here. She walked about the building. Finally she saw it and entered the shop. The paintings were wonderful; some were so detailed. It was amazing.  The very attractive woman at the desk offered her a post card of Kincaide’s latest work, a consigned piece for Disneyland honoring the 50th anniversary. It was a castle with a rainbow. The young lady also offered to turn the lights down in order that Heather might see why this artist was called the “painter of light”. The paintings actually seemed to retain the light even when the lights were turned down. What a delightful shop. After enjoying all the works of art, Heather thanked the lady and went on.
She walked up the stair way to the balcony where she could take just a few photos from the height. Suddenly, someone attempted to brush by her, going down the stairs touching her, but almost enough to knock her slightly off balance.
“I’m so sorry,’ a male voice spoke out quickly and just as insincerely as he continued down the stairs.
Heather barely turned around. She knew the voice didn’t mean the apology. Might as well try to focus again. He sure was tall, just like her Ian and his hair was about the same shade of brown. He was hurrying and she could only see his back, but…  It couldn’t be. It couldn’t be her Ian. He was gone. Missing. There was no way, but still. She had the strong urge to follow him. She had to see for herself. Putting the camera in her black shoulder purse, she went down the stairs and on to the street. He was heading back to where her car was parked. She had to continue to go after him, but staying back. It could be so embarrassing if he saw her and it wasn’t Ian.
Without warning, he stepped into one of the restaurants. He seemed to know where he was going.
As she came close, she saw the sign of Rose’s. She stepped back a bit and pretended to look at the children’s cars on display in front of a gift shop. So cute. Even a little fire engine. Then she went inside down the corridor going past an elevator, a stairway and rest rooms. He could have used the elevator, but the stair way was blocked with a sign that said the restaurant up the stairs was open only for dinner. When she reached the end of the corridor, she asked the waiter who greeted her if she could have the table in the corner where she would be able to see the entire corridor, the bar and grill where she was and the outside tables and view of the rock. Everything was in view. No matter where he went, she would be able to see him. He was not in view at the moment.  Where had he gone?
She would have to order something, although she wasn’t the least bit hungry. The soup sounded good, so she ordered a bowl of the “famous award winning” clam chowder and a cup of coffee, just to try it out. The waiter walked off and came back quickly with the coffee and followed quickly with the large bowl of chowder.
Heather tried to not look obvious as she ate her soup and sipped the coffee. Although a few other customers came in, he wasn’t in view. What gorgeous views. She would ask to take several photos from here. If people liked the view, someone might want a similar painting.  Trying to remain un-noticed, she glanced around, pulling out her camera. No one seemed to notice or care. So she started taking some more photos.
Right behind her she saw a fishing boat pull up to the dock next door. The fishermen were dropping off their catch. More photos. She would have like to get shots of the sea otters peeking up from the water, but they moved too fast. They would pop up quickly in one area and then in another. But she could get pictures and put them in the paintings.
Looking around, she noted that the restaurant was quite nice, clean with the great view from any part of the place. There was a bar also with a view.
Her waiter was pleasant and she saw that the other patrons were getting the same kind of service. She finished her delicious chowder and kept looking. The man did come in here, but where was he? No one had come out of the elevator. No man anywhere near his description had come into the corridor.
When the waiter had come over to see if there was anything else she wanted, she just asked for more coffee. She was trying to delay her departure.  He didn’t seem to pressure her and the place was not full. A short time went by and she began to think she had overtaxed her vivid imagination. Would his memory ever stop haunting her?
She paid her bill and rose to leave. This was something she would try not discuss with her friend.
Still, the man who had gone past her did not return.
She had better just go on. Heather had spent far too much time waiting for her apparition to appear. This was the day she was supposed to have made so much headway in getting the much-needed photos for her paintings. She did have some, but Linda Sue would be disappointed. That was no way to become a successful artist.
“Tomorrow, I’ll do better,” she whispered to herself. “Tomorrow.”

Chapter 4
The Art Gallery

“Linda Sue, if you had seen him, you’d have thought it was him too.” Heather couldn’t help herself.
“From the back?” Linda Sue queried.
“It was the same color hair, the height, the…”
They were in the art gallery in the back room that had been set up for an art studio for Heather.
The pretty blonde tried to be patient. “Even if I had known your Ian and I saw this man, I would have to think a little. First, Ian was lost in a very cold frigid sea some time ago. So Ian would have had to been found rather quickly and perhaps taken to one of those nearby islands you spoke of. From there, he would have just taken a trip across the pond as you call it, cross country and just happen to stop off here on the central coast. And, by sheer coincidence, he would go to the restaurant where you happened to be taking pictures. Although he didn’t speak to you or recognize you, he brushed past you and then disappeared. So far, is this what happened?”
“You are making it sound foolish. You really had to see him and know Ian.”
“Because it is foolish. Heather, you are very special to me and I am very worried about you.  You have got to stop obsessing over this Ian. Many of us lose loved ones in some manner. Me, included. But we go on. The past is past. You can’t change it and you cannot resurrect the dead.”
“But, if it weren’t for me…”
“Stop with the guilt. Ian made his choice to go to sea. You didn’t even want him to go. But it was an accident. An AX I DENT, “She emphasized the words. “And he is not going to come around to haunt you.”
Heather stopped. Linda Sue was right. She knew it. Was it possible for her to go on?  “I can only try.”
“That’s good enough, for now. But don’t think I’m going to give up. We can go through this together as friends.” Linda Sue pulled an envelope out of her purse. “This is for you. Happy birthday.
Heather pulled it open to pull out a card. It looked to have been computer generated. “Did you make this?” “Oh, oh, is this for me?” the excited young woman pulled out a gift certificate. It stated that Heather was entitled to a tea party at J. Henry Manor Tea Room.  She squeezed the card to her breast with delight. “Thank you so much.”
“I keep telling you that you have to start taking care of yourself. Enjoying an elegant tea is to me a way of relaxation. Since my birthday is only a week after yours on April 28, we can go together. Then we can do some girl talk. In the meantime, tell me about this painting.”
It’s called mixed media with both acrylics and oils. First is a layer of various colors of acrylics. It works as an undercoat. When oils are lightly put on top, some of the under colors come through. This gives great depth. Great for ocean scenes.”
“Where and how did you learn all this? Surely not in your small town?”
“No, all I learned there was to watch the sea and get to know it as a close personal friend. Almost every day, in every weather, I would walk along the shore. I watched the waves as they came in and out, low and high tides. The light was so important. It mattered how the sun set on the horizon, how it danced on the water. But I needed more, much more.”
“What did you do?” Linda Sue sat on the tall bar stool watching Heather continue to paint as she talked.
“I read every book I could get on art and the sea. As you can imagine, there were not too many available in the town. But whenever we went into Aberdeen, I haunted the art shops looking for new ones.”
“I hate to interrupt this wonderful story, but what are you painting now?”
“This should look like Morro Rock and the waters around it.”
“Already looking good.” Linda Sue looked toward the shop area. “I sure hope we don’t’ have any customers for a while.”
“You’re terrible. How can I make money without customers?”
“Shh, just paint or I’ll get out my trusty whip.” Linda Sue laughed. “Tell me more about these fabulous books.”
“I will. Let me tell you about what I am doing now.  First of all, I am scrubbing in this mix of blue, black and white into the sky area. As an acrylic, it will dry rather quickly.  This includes Morro Rock. Over here, I am putting in a very light pink scrub.”
“What time of day is it? Sunrise? Sunset?”
“Actually, late afternoon.”
“Is there pink in the sky at that time?
“Not really, but I am only doing a hint of pink, very light.
“Are you going to put in an eye in the waves? Somehow, people love that feature.”
“Yes, this time. But, I have to make sure that the sun is at the right level to shine through the waves. Realism. So important.” Heather put down the brush. “While this dries thoroughly, I will start on another.”
“Why do you do that?”
“In order to get some effects, certain layers of oils have to also be thoroughly dry. So if I am working on two or three paintings, I can go from one to another allowing the paints to dry. It’s only sensible.”
“You were talking about some books. Was there any one in particular that taught you a lot?”
“Oh yes, and someday I hope to meet the man. He’s actually not all that far from here.”
“Where?”
“Santa Barbara.”
“That’s less than 100 miles from here. I don’t like to drive a few hundred miles round trip in one day, but we can stay one night…”
“That would be great, but I would rather wait until I am more successful here before I meet him.”
“If his book did so much for you, why don’t you see him now? You are already a success.”
“Not enough. I’ll let you know when I am ready.” This was the first time she spoke with conviction and determination. Linda Sue was amazed and delighted.  Heather did have some backbone. Wonderful.
“Fine. You let me know.” Linda Sue responded to the door chime that announced a client. She left the art studio to go to the front of the shop.
For a short time, Linda Sue took care of her customer and Heather continued to work with her acrylics, winding up with three paintings ready for the oil. At each easel, she had placed copies of the photos she had taken at Morro Rock. Each was a different angle, slightly different times of day.
She recalled a statement in her favorite book. Someone had asked the artist if he used photos to do his artwork. He had replied that yes, he used photos and in a few moments had added that he also used readymade tubes of pigment as well as readymade brushes rather than gather dog hairs. It made sense to use photos. That way you could catch the ocean at its best, in the right light and best time of day. Like her favorite artist, she took liberties to add what might make it look better. As she recalled, one very young girl in an art class had stated with hands on hips that she had the right to paint, as she liked. It was the “artistic license.”  Heather smiled at the memory.
“You’ll never believe it. I sold one more of your paintings. You had better get to work and I had better order some gilded frames.”
“Wow.  Sounds like I had better work day and night.”
“No. They’ll wait. I don’t want to sell them with a “Don’t touch, wet paint” sign.” Linda Sue laughed.
“How many do I have left that are dry and framed?”
“I think there are seven left along with two that are almost ready to be framed.”
“I can’t believe this. I am actually becoming a success. Do you think it will last?”
“Will you stop? You are a success and I am sure you will continue. Believe it. Now what is the name of this artist genius? I think we better plan on a trip.”
“Buck Paulson.”
“I think I’ve heard of him. He’s in several galleries and also quite a success. If I’m not mistaken, he sometimes teaches classes.”
“Really,” Heather smiled. “Do you think I could take some classes? Suppose it changes my way of painting? I mean I don’t want to paint exactly like him.”
“First of all, I am sure you will always maintain your own style. Taking classes will only improve your own talent.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely. Now, you get these three done and we will start planning for some classes and a trip to Santa Barbara.”
Heather was already preparing the oil mixes. “I have a lot of mixing to do. That is what makes the paintings so unique; the colors. I think if it alright with you, I will work until you close tonight.”
“It’s my late night. I won’t close until nine and then it takes at least thirty minutes to finish. I won’t be able to get you back to the hotel until ten or later. You do need your rest and may I remind you, a meal.”
“I’ll let you send for something, anything you like. I won’t be happy until I get all three of these ready and if I have time, I will start on a few more.”
“It’s all well and good to fill up my walls with your paintings, but you don’t want them to flood the market. Hard to get raises the prices and desires. So do the three and start on what you want, but they stay in the back for several weeks.”
“Well, as you know, it really takes six months to really dry and be ready for the varnish. But I do want to put them out as fast and good as I can. I don’t care if you do keep them in storage and ration them out. I want to do my part.”
“You do. Now stop worrying. I will allow you to work this one night late, but I am going to limit your working time. We want to continue with quality, not quantity. You have enough to do to take photos, plan paintings, possibly take lessons and eat.”
“Nag, nag, nag. I promise I will start really trying to eat, if you stop with the nagging.”
“Okay. I guess I am over doing it. It’s just that….”
“Never mind. Just stop. If I don’t change my ways, I give you permission to start again. Just give me some time.”
“Okay, it’s a deal. One more thing. Try not to see this ghost of yours. It just might be your lack of nutrition that causes that.” Linda Sue reached out her hand to Heather to consummate the agreement.
“Wait,” the younger woman pulled back her hand.  “Eat? I will do my very best. But I am not ready yet to give up my “ghost” as you call Ian. I am seeing someone or something.”
“I’ll go for that. You eat and I will forget your friendly “ghost”.
“Fine; now let me get back to my art.”

Chapter 5
Taco Temple

Only a few days later, Heather was again coming into the art studio long before the opening hours. Dressed in simple denims and white t-shirt that proclaimed she was in her painting garb, she was obviously prepared to work another all day session.
“No, no you don’t.” she heard from Linda Sue as she looked up from the desk and computer. “How did you get here? Didn’t they pick up the Toyota?”
“Yes of course, I was afraid to keep driving. I need a little more practice time.”
“Then how did you get here?”
“One of the desk clerks was getting off and she said she lives near here. She was more than willing to take me and have the company. I wasn’t sure how to take the buses. And no, I don’t what?”
“Too much, that’s what. You have been working too hard. I told you, if you have too many available paintings, it could drop the price.”
“You said you could store them. I want to get as much done ahead as possible. That way, I can stop and take some vacation time. Unless I leave you well stocked, I won’t feel free to do that.” Heather plopped down in the hard backed chair next to the very neat desk. “How on earth do you work this way? Everything has a place and all is in its space.”
“How well I know,” Linda Sue gave her that exasperated look. “Oh stop,” when she noted Heather’s almost pout. “I do understand. We all have our own idiosyncrasies. I can’t really work well unless everything is right. It takes less time to put things in the proper place than to constantly look for them. I am kind of a very organized person.”
“We sure do have our idiosyncrasies.” Heather agreed looking around the well-ordered office.
“Oh, really,” Linda Sue came back at the insinuation.
“I’m sorry.” Heather apologized. “I guess I am at odds today.”
“Why?” Linda Sue’s voice dropped.
“I don’t know. Perhaps it is because I haven’t seen, heard or even dreamed about Ian in the past few days.”
“Perhaps because you’ve been exhausted. You have been working way too hard. Look, you do need some more photos of Morro Rock and I could use a day off. Let me give Karen a call. She’s almost always willing to come in for a day for me.”
“But.”
“That’s a word I will ignore. No matter what. We are going; that is if Karen or Bonnie can come in.”
“I want to say, I’m not dressed to go out there.”
“What?”
“Well,” she gestured to her outfit. “I don’t think this is good for any place around there.”
“Heather, this is California, casual California. I’m only wearing these simple green slacks and a green print blouse and trust me, where we are going, you and I are almost overdressed.”
“Hmm?”
“Shh, just go across the street, please and get us both a latte. Just tell them I want my usual and if you give it a try, I am sure you too will love it.”
“It’s just fancy coffee.”
“Mmm, but so good. Go ahead and I’ll find out if either of the girls can come in.”
By the time Heather returned, cups in hand, Linda Sue was already outside the door waiting for her. Without saying a word, the attractive blonde took the cup and walked to her older red Corvette convertible with Heather.  Within minutes, they both managed to get the top down.  The attractive Scot was still looking around as if expecting someone to criticize her wardrobe.
“Is this car something special to you? I know you keep it spotless, but isn’t it an older model?”
“I’ve had this car forever and I do keep it up. I could afford a newer one, but this is my baby. In fact, I probably spend more on keeping this one up than if I did just go out and get a new one.”
“I’ve read that the authorities go after the brighter colored cars. Aren’t you afraid of tickets in a red car like this?”
“No, not really. I don’t speed or drive recklessly and most of the local police know me. None of them would believe I would endanger this priceless car.”
“Where are we going exactly?”
“Just enjoy the ride. We will be going by Morro Rock, so get out your trusty camera and snap away at everything. I’m sure even the surrounding area photos would lend mood to your collection.”
“You’re right.” Heather pulled the always-ready camera out of her large bag. “Will I have time to do some sketches?”
“Sure, pull out the sketch pad and pencils and sharpener. If I know you, and I think I do, when you start sketching, you get so intense; you break the pencil points frequently.”  Linda Sue shook her head and allowed her blonde hair to blow in the wind. “This is so exhilarating. I just love it.”
“Me too.” Heather ran her fingers through her mussed up windblown hair. “This is fun.”
“See, I told you that you needed a day off. What is it they say? All work and no play…”
“Who says that?”
“I don’t know, just they.” Both young women were laughing.
Within a short time, Linda Sue turned her pretty corvette into the parking lot of an unpretentious restaurant. They could see Morro Rock just down the road. At least, Heather thought, no one will mind the way I am dressed in here. It is called Taco Temple.
“Taco Temple? What a name. Is it more taco or temple?”
“You’ll see.”
Even though they were a bit early for lunch, the place was packed. Linda Sue quickly walked over to a table by the window. There were only a few available. A waiter quickly came to their table, placed some menus in front of them and asked about a beverage. Linda Sue greeted him by name. They both ordered water with lemon and a soda.
Looking around, Heather saw the many colorful surfboards hanging from the ceiling.
“Can you make a suggestion for me?” Heather stared at the menu and looked around to see what others were eating. “I’m not all that familiar with Mexican food.”
Linda Sue smiled, while pointing to the menu board. “Of course. This is called California Fusion. They have this menu and the many specials up there on the board.  And….just to let you know, they don’t have haggis here.”
“No haggis? Well, we might as well go.” Heather playfully started to rise.
“Sit down. I’ll order. Have you ever had Mexican food since you’ve been here?”
“No, I didn’t know what to order and I am not fond of spicy foods, so I just avoided trying it out.”
“You don’t know what you missed, yet. I’ll make sure you don’t get anything to spicy hot.”
“I will give it a try. If I don’t like it, I can always wrap it up and take it back.”
“To do what with it? That’s being thrifty to a fault. If you don’t like it here, you won’t like it back at the hotel either. Just give it a chance and save plenty of room for dessert. All of them are to die for.”
“To die for? What an expression. And I don’t eat desserts. My figure…”
“Right. Your figure could use a few desserts. This is a must here. No one skips dessert in this place. Ever….” She emphasized.
The waiter, Jacob, came over quickly and smiled at the two. Linda Sue ordered a fish taco with mango salsa for herself and a taco salad for Heather. “When we are ready for dessert, we will share a cheesecake and a piece of carrot cake or perhaps that caramel flan. You wouldn’t believe how much caramel is on that dessert.”
“Small or large size carrot cake?” The waiter put on a big handsome grin for one of his familiar customers.
“Make it the small size.”
It seemed like only minutes before the meal arrived. Linda Sue dug in to one of her favorite meals, the fish taco with mango salsa, while Heather dawdled over the large salad as if afraid it might be too spicy.
“Don’t worry. I made sure that this was the least hot meal available. They are very amiable here. Try it. You will like it.”
Heather picked up a bit of salad, meat and cheese on her fork. It took a few seconds, but it finally reached her mouth.  “Mmmm. This is good! What is this dressing?”
“Don’t know. Don’t care. It’s good, isn’t it?”
“Oh yes, but so much food. Is this bowl edible too?” she watched a lady at the next table pick up a piece of the bowl and place it into her mouth.
“That’s some of the best part. It’s a corn tortilla. Take a bite.”
Heather crunched away. Before she knew it, she had almost finished the meal. She sighed. “I really enjoyed that, but I don’t think I have room for any dessert.”
Linda Sue was already done and signaled the waiter. “I did order the small one and we can share a bite of each. And, carrot cake is healthy.” She was trying unsuccessfully to suppress her laughter.
When the waiter came over and placed the mile high slice of cake in front of Heather, her eyes almost popped. “My word. Did you ask for the entire cake? This is enough for the whole restaurant.”
Linda Sue could contain herself any longer and burst out. “This is one of their many features here. Not only do they have great food and reasonable prices, but this,” She gestured and continued, “This is what I came for. Try it. Just one little bite.” She handed Heather a fork.
“I’ll give it a little try.” She placed a bit into her mouth.
“Make sure you get some of that brown sugar topping.”
“I did.” The girl was speaking with her mouth partly full. “Oh my, this is stupendous. Oh, what is a word that fits this? It is so unbelievably good. I can taste the little pieces of sweet carrot. What are those spices? I can’t figure them out. This is so good. It’s almost like the texture of a mix of cake and soft cookie.”
“Good? Is that all you can say? Just good?”
“No, but I can’t think of the right word for this delight.”
“Don’t think. Just enjoy and take a taste of the cheese cake too.”
“I’m not going to just gain weight as you wish, but I am going to get actually fat, real fat.”
“Good. We can both diet tomorrow. But today, we die…with pleasure.”
For several minutes, they were both indulging. Heather looked around. No other patrons were looking their way. They were all enjoying their own food too much to pay attention to the girls. No one cared about Heather’s casual dress. Suddenly, the pretty Scot almost jumped out of her seat. Her mouth dropped as she ceased to talk to her companion.
Linda Sue noted the lack of conversation and laughter. She looked up as well at her friend. What was wrong with her?
Heather was pointing toward the register. Linda Sue saw a tall man leaving the area and heading out the door. “What is it?”
“I can’t believe it. Here and now? It’s him.”
“Oh come on. I thought we were enjoying our lunch. How can you tell who it is from the back?”
Heather started to get up, to follow the man, but Linda Sue pulled her back. “Don’t make a fool of yourself.”
The man got into a tan truck as both girls stared out the window.
“It’s the same man I saw the other day. It’s Ian.”
“You barely saw his face. He’s just a tall man with brown hair and beard. There must be a few hundred answering that vague description.”
“I’m so sure.” Heather was holding back tears.
“I’m just as sure that your imagination is working overtime. It can’t be and it isn’t. Come on; let me get you home before you break down.” Linda Sue picked up the check. “We’ll talk about it on the way back, but you have to understand. You are so vulnerable still. You want to see him, so you see him in every look alike male. It is impossible.”
The two young women went back to the hotel talking very little. Linda Sue talked, but Heather wasn’t listening. No matter what the argument, she just knew it was her Ian. By the time they reached the hotel, Linda had almost given up. Letting her out of the car, she reminded Heather that she would be there the following morning to pick her up. With Karen still available to take care of the shop, they had planned to go shopping at the local mall for décor for the nearly completed guest room. Perhaps by then, Heather would have gotten over the “sighting”.

Chapter 6
The Gazebo at the Apple Farm

A day of shopping had nearly worn the two young women out. They had been so engrossed with purchasing some more things needed to complete the guest room that they had even forgotten lunch. Heather had not mentioned her Ian even once, although Linda Sue felt she was just holding back. They had even purchased some new outfits for the thinning woman. She had lost so much weight that the clothing she had brought from Scotland hung on her small body. The new rich blue velvet blouse and skirt was stunning on her petite form. It was too dressy, she knew, but Linda Sue had insisted that she needed to show off.
Several of the restaurant patrons had turned as she passed by. One even commented on the striking outfit. Linda Sue too had purchased a few things. When they were in the room, she had changed to a fresh new outfit. It consisted of a pale pink blouse with a bright pink floral skirt.
They were again sitting in the gazebo room at the Apple Farm Inn just about to order dinner. The same very friendly waitress, Kim, came up to their table. “Are you ready to order or would you like me to return?”
“Yes, we’ll order now.” Linda Sue smiled back. “I’ll have Cashew Crusted Salmon and scalloped potatoes and of course, those special beans. Heather, you just have to try them. They’re made with apple, pecans and of course beans. I don’t know the spices they may have used.”
“Salad with your usual?”
“Nice of you to remember,” Linda Sue answered.
“And you, Mam?”
“I’ll have the home made meatloaf, mashed potatoes and a salad with some honey mustard salad dressing on the side. I know it is a bit old fashioned, but I just love meatloaf. I’ve heard great things about the one here. She really didn’t want that much food, but Heather knew if she didn’t order something substantial, her employer would be annoyed. She was right of course. Anyone that had known her back in Scotland would be highly shocked to see how thin she had become since the loss of her fiancée.
The girls continued their conversation about the shopping trip, the sheets, bed linens and décor that they had purchased.
“I know I should have let you order your own mattress, but I do have this great bedroom set stored and I’m not sure if you know about the Temperapedic mattress in Rosehearty. It is a small, small town. I’ll tell you what. If you don’t like it after one week, I will put it on my bed which is the same size and you can order what you want.”
“I didn’t say I didn’t like it. I just am not sure. It’s so soft, comfortable. It’s just something new to me.”
“What about the decorations and the linens?”
“I like it all.  If I didn’t, I would have told you.”
“Would you?” Linda Sue questioned. Before she received and answer, she said, “Oh, wait a minute. I see Kim bringing our dinner.” The personable waitress set down the large shoulder tray on the working jack and started to serve.
“There, your salads with the meal as you requested. And, for you, the meatloaf I know you will enjoy and our special cashew encrusted salmon for you. I put your usual extra slice of cheddar on the potatoes. I know you will enjoy the apple cider beans, as you do all the time. She placed the plates down on the large table.
“Now?” Heather asked, beginning to open the envelope. “I can’t wait.”
Her employer nodded.
Busy tasting the beans, again Linda Sue nodded.
Heather opened the envelope and pulled out the substantial check. “Is this for my work?”
Linda Sue didn’t look up, just nodded.
It was for so much more than the young artist had anticipated. She shouted almost too loudly with delight. “Thank you so much.”
A few of the other patrons turned to look at her. Suddenly, there was the man who resembled Ian sitting in a booth just opposite them across the room. This time, Heather was at a loss for words. She only stuttered as she pointed. “Linda, Linda, it’s, it’s him.” She could barely speak.
“You never give up.” Linda Sue was visibly annoyed. Here she was enjoying her meal after a great day of shopping and good news from her gallery. She hadn’t even told Heather that Karen had just sold two more of the paintings and that another check would be forthcoming. It was supposed to be a celebration and here she was at it again. “Just stop.”
“But, but, it is him.” She even pointed his way.
“I told you. It cannot be. I thought we agreed that it’s impossible.”
She was interrupted by the voice of the tall man. “Ladies, forgive me for interrupting, but can I have just a word with you?”
Linda Sue looked up into the bluest eyes of a tall handsome man with the mahogany brown hair and beard. What a shame to cover up what might be a very handsome face with so much facial hair. She tried to visualize what kind of face he could have. How terrible it would have been for him if the hair were only to cover some scars. He was kind of young to have so much of a beard. If Heather wanted to think this gorgeous hunk of man was hers at one time, who could blame her?  Oh my, she thought.  “Yes, of course,” she answered, as her companion would probably never shut her open mouth. “Please, have a seat,” she scooted over to allow him to join them at the table.
“I won’t take but a minute of your time,” oh that voice. Linda Sue was enthralled. Take all you want, she thought silently. If he had nothing else, that voice would have been enough.
“First of all, Kim told me that you are kind of desperate for a man,” he smiled with such a winning smile.
“I what” Linda Sue was startled for a moment. She almost choked. “Oh yes, I need someone to help me do some carpentry and perhaps put up a little hardware in the bathroom. It’s not all that much, but I am in need.”
“Then I am your man. I am not the greatest, but I do know how to wield a hammer and I even obey orders fairly well.”
Heather continued to stare, mouth partly open. The handsome man attempted to ignore her glare.
“Well, how much do you charge and can you work immediately?”
“I think we can make a fair trade and I can start tomorrow, if that is alright.”
“A trade? I will have you know I’m not that kind….”
“And neither am I.” He smiled in such a way that Linda felt guilty at even suggesting that. “It’s just that I am trying to get some opinions, other than my own, on the quality of this restaurant. If you, well both of you can help me with your opinions, I will work in exchange for asking you for your help.”
“What makes you think we have opinions worth your effort?”
“Well, I heard your open mouthed companion here, let out a shout; I thought perhaps she had eaten something spectacular. But now, I’m not sure she can even speak.”
Heather closed her mouth trying to regain her composure. “I’m so sorry to have disturbed you. I was delighted with my recent sales check that she gave me.” Was her voice calm? Or was she making a fool of herself.
“Oh,” he sounded disappointed. “Nothing else?”
Heather rose quickly and with a short “Excuse me,” she headed for the ladies room.
“Is she alright?”
“She will be. It’s just that you look so much like someone she knew.”
“Someone she cared for?”
“Yes, very much.”
“Oh. Is the resemblance that strong?”
“I’m not sure.”
“I, I’m sorry.”
“I don’t want to sound too forward, but would you care to join us.  Can your waitress bring your meal over here?” Linda Sue asked. “We can discuss the work. I sure like the wages.”
“Of course. I’d really like that. You can tell me more about my dopple ganger.”
“Your what?”
“My look alike ghost.” He smiled. “I’ll be right back. I’ll give my waitress a hand. There is a lot of food.”
Linda Sue beckoned to Kim, the waitress. She came over quickly.
“Did you tell that man about me needing a man to work for me?”
“Yes, as you requested. Is there something wrong?”
“No not at all. He seems perfect. Have you known him very long?”
“Yes. Kind of. He stayed at the hotel a few weeks ago for about a week. Seems he was getting some work done on his place. He ate almost every day in here. He seems quite friendly, but I never saw him with any woman in here. I just think he seems like a nice guy.”
“Thank you, Kim. I think you’re right.”
“He’s on his way back. My word. How many dishes has he got?” She asked of Kim.”
The man placed several dishes on the table. “I’ll explain.”
The other waitress came over with a few more dishes. Linda Sue opened her eyes in astonishment.
He laughed and began the explanation. “First, let me really introduce myself. My name is Duncan Noble and I am a restaurant reviewer and, as I told you, I can swing a hammer and even measure wood. If I ate everything I need to order, I would be huge or have to exercise day and night. In fact, I do think I might have to start an exercise regime soon.” He patted his stomach, but it was hard to see what kind of body he had under that loose casual blue print shirt. “But I do order several items and enjoy hopefully the tastes of many things on the menu. And..I often ask other patrons their opinions, as I asked you.”
“Do you make deals with every person from whom you want an opinion?”
“No, it’s just that Kim made it sound like you could really use a little help, and that’s what I can offer.”
“I think it will work out.”
“Your friend, will she be alright?”
“She just needs a few moments. Before she comes back, let me tell you quickly what is wrong. Perhaps you can help me in another way, if you don’t mind. I mean I don’t usually ask strangers to help me, but I think you are the only one who can.”
“I’m not a stranger now. I’m your new employee and my name is Duncan. I do believe people should help each other out whenever they can. Did I do something wrong?”
“Yes and no. It’s not your fault, but you apparently look like the man she was going to marry. In brief, they had an argument and he went to sea on a fishing trip shortly thereafter. They did sort of make up before he left, but she blames herself that he died. There were even many weeks of her being too close to a severe nervous breakdown, but she left the town where they lived to get back on track. When she saw you at a restaurant in Morro Bay the other day, she followed you and you just disappeared. Then she was convinced you were a ghost.”
“I’m so sorry.” Duncan spoke. “I did go to Rose’s Restaurant in Morro Bay recently, but if she followed me, she just didn’t see me go into the manager’s office. I was just bringing him a copy of my article on his place.
I guess I did stay for some time. I don’t know what to say.”
“This is what I am asking of you. No, almost begging you. Please try to understand, she has gone through so much lately. When she returns, just keep on as if are only discussing the work and the food. I’ll give you my address and you can come tomorrow if possible. If she sees more of you, she will come to realize that you cannot be her fiancée. Perhaps if she finds out that she is wrong, she might stop seeing you or any other look alike man as her deceased fiancée.”
Duncan nodded hesitatingly, as if he were going to add something, but didn’t.
“She’s coming, so I will make this quick. Just follow my lead, okay?
And you can start tomorrow morning?” Linda continued the conversation quickly knowing Heather might hear some of it.
“Yes Mam.”
“Well, for me,” Linda Sue began, “this salmon is superb. And there are few vegetables I like, but I could eat these beans morning, noon and night, except for the obvious reason.” She smiled.
Heather sat down and began picking at the meatloaf. Neither of the two could help but notice her red-rimmed eyes. The flush on her face showed that she probably had been sobbing quite heavily. Though Duncan felt as if he were to blame for her sorrow, there was little he could do except what Linda Sue had requested.
“Is there any reason you don’t seem to be relishing that meatloaf?” Duncan asked while taking notes, as if the young woman sitting across from him had never shed a tear. “I’ve tried it and it is great.”
“Oh, her,” Linda Sue interrupted, trying to make Heather feel more comfortable, if possible. “She is a light eater and I am afraid I insisted on her ordering a large meal. Not very nice of me, is it?”
“Well,” Duncan chose his words wisely. “I make it a rule to never tell or suggest to anyone what or how much or how little to eat. If it weren’t for good or choosy diners, I wouldn’t have a job. Now, would I?”
“Guess not.” Linda Sue answered.
Heather didn’t seem to be entering the conversation. “The meat loaf is fine.” Heather managed to get out a few words. She was still staring at Duncan.  How could he not be her Ian? She pulled out a photo out of her purse and just gaped at the man sitting next to her. She knew they were discussing something, but it didn’t matter at that moment. This had to be her Ian.
“Can I see?” Linda Sue took the photo gently from Heather’s hand.
She held it up near Duncan’s face and handed it to the man.
He also looked at it. It was so worn from handling that the features were almost indiscernible. “Do you have another photo of the person I am supposed to look like?”
“No, I’m afraid not. Ian did not like his picture taken. That is all I have.” She took it back and returned it to her purse.
Linda Sue touched Heather’s hand.  “I can’t make it out that well. It is a tall man with dark brown hair and a beard.”
“I can assure you, it is not me.” Duncan spoke softly and firmly.
Heather looked at the man talking so softly. Why didn’t he recognize her? What was wrong? Should she say something? Heather had heard that you had to be so careful when dealing with amnesia. What could she do to speak to him more without disturbing his mind?  Maybe if she spent some more time with him, talked to him, reminded him of places and things, surely he would recall all their time together. How long would it take? She would have to talk to some doctor. Linda Sue could help her do that. But, she couldn’t let him just get away. At least this encounter would prove to Linda Sue that he was not a figment of her imagination or a ghost.
“And your address is?” Duncan was still writing in his little notebook.
“I’m Linda Sue Key and I own and manage my art gallery in Pismo. This is Heather MacIntosh and she is an artist I have hired to paint some seascape masterpieces for my shop.”
“You’re not from this country, are you?” Duncan turned his attention toward Heather.
No, I’m not from this country.” Her voice was barely above a whisper. My home is in Scotland, Rosehearty, to be exact. It’s on the north coast of………”
“I know where that is. My parents were from near there. Aberdeen.” Duncan interrupted.
“Were you born there?”
“Yes, but they left when I was a wee lad.”
Heather gave Linda Sue an “I was right” look. “Just a wee lad? When?”
“I think I was around three. I’d have to ask my mom for the exact age.”
“Oh.”
As if he didn’t notice her interest in the age he arrived in this country, Duncan continued. “How do you like our ocean scenery around here?”
“It’s nice. I mean there are so many unique places that I can paint.”
“Linda Sue, I hate to say it, but I do have to get my notes to the newspaper. I will be able to come tomorrow morning. Is that alright with you?”
“Yes, but I have to pick Heather up at the hotel. So that will have to be after that.”
“Now I can do that for you and bring her to your home. This hotel?”
“Yes, she lives here until the guest room can get done. That is alright with you, isn’t it?”
“Yes.” Still Heather could barely speak. “I, I, I’m staying right here at the hotel in the Mill House. I’ll meet you in the lobby around eight, if that is convenient for you.”
“Great. About eight in the lobby it is. Okay?”
Heather just nodded.
He continued. “I’ve got to hurry. I’ll take care of these,” Duncan picked up the checks without waiting for either of them to protest.
The young women left the gazebo and headed toward Heather’s room.
“Before you protest, let me speak. If he gives you a ride tomorrow, you can get to know him a little better. That way you can put your mind at rest. If he is Ian, this will give you a chance to see if he has amnesia or what. If he is Duncan, you should get to know that in record time. This is your chance to find out for sure. Give it a chance. Now you go to bed, get some sleep and we will talk more tomorrow.” Linda Sue said. “In the meantime, please try to put this man out of your mind for now.”

Chapter 7
Rock and Roll Diner

When she arrived in the lobby, Heather was astonished to see that Duncan was already waiting for her. He was seated at one of the lounge chairs next to the fireplace with a cup of coffee setting beside him on an ornate side table. On the center table was a huge bouquet of fresh flowers. All about were hints on the name of the Apple Farm such as the small set of checkers in the shape of yellow and red apples, set up ready to be played. She did love the quaint Victorian theme in the lobby as well as the rest of the Inn. It was so inviting.
Duncan rose as she entered. “Hi.”
“Good morning. I know I am a little early. How long have you been waiting?” Heather managed to regain some of her composure. If he were Ian, she would have to learn more about amnesiacs in order to deal with him. What else could it be?  If he were a look-a-like, would it be that she was so desperate to put things at right with Ian that she saw what wasn’t there?
Heather looked at the desk clerk who was in hearing range. The clerk smiled as if they shared a secret. Heather knew by this eye exchange with the man who called himself Duncan that he had probably been waiting for some time. He took her gently by the arm and led her outside. “My vehicle is just up the hill a short way.” They walked past the exquisite floral displays.
“Isn’t this amazing?” trying to make conversation, she gestured around at the many plants.
“Yes, spring is such a great time of year. Did you know that there are 92 varieties of plants and shrubs?  And…50 different varieties of flowers.”
“Wow. You certainly know a lot.”
Duncan smiled as he opened the passenger door to a fairly new Dodge tan truck. “I was reading the brochure on the hotel while I waited. With my job, I have to have a good memory.”
“I guess so….I certainly appreciate you picking me up here at the hotel.” She was trying to keep her equanimity. Heather wasn’t going to break down crying as she had done the previous evening in the ladies room.
“This is nice. What is that funny thing in the back?” she pointed to a large metal object that seemed to be part of the vehicle.
“That’s my fifth wheel hitch.”
“Isn’t a fifth wheel something like a trailer?”
“Yup. Only the front bedroom area hitches to the back of the truck. That’s the simplest way I can describe it.”
“I’ve seen lots of trailers and they just hook on with a ball thing at the back of the truck.”
“A trailer would, but I prefer the stability of a fifth wheel. Some people like a trailer and others a big motor home. Just a matter of choice.”
“Where is your fifth wheel?”
“In the shop at the moment. Just a little repair work.”
“And your home?”
“That is my home. But while I am getting the work done, I am staying here at the other side of the hotel. It’s the more economic part of the hotel. I don’t need much and it is handy since I am critiquing the Apple Farm Inn Restaurant.”
“How is it going?”
“Almost too easy. Haven’t had a bad meal yet. In fact, it’s all been good.  Too good.” He patted his stomach. “Have to do a lot of work for Linda Sue to get rid of some of this.” Duncan smiled in such a warm way.
As he entered the driver’s side, he mentioned, “I looked up Linda’s address on my computer and made up the map.” He handed it to her. “Does this look right to you?”
“Yes, but I’ve never actually driven there. She has always picked me up and mostly we go to the art studio near her home. But Shell Beach isn’t that big. I don’t think we could miss it. Looks like we can get off at either end of Shell Beach Road, drive to her street and head toward the ocean. Can’t miss.” Heather was trying to be casual while looking at him for any sign of recognition.
None was forthcoming. Heather didn’t know what to say. The more she looked at this man, the more her mind was confused. He did look like her Ian; he did, she told her mind. But he didn’t act like her Ian. He was almost too nice. But any major accident or trauma could change a person, especially if he didn’t remember anyone. But if he were her Ian, how did he get here? How would he know where to find her? Then, why would he try to find her if he didn’t remember her? What should she do? Linda Sue had told her to go slow. Talk to him as if he were this Duncan. Maybe she was so desperate to restore Ian to her life, that she was seeing him in a perfect stranger. Maybe it was her that was mentally off.
“Heather. Heather. Did you hear me?” Duncan had been saying something to her as they drove the distance from the hotel to Shell Beach.
“No, I’m sorry. I was kind of lost in thought. What did you say?”
“I asked if this looked like the right turnoff to go to Linda Sue’s house.”
“Ay, I mean yes, you can either take this one or the next. This is probably closer.”
Duncan turned his truck off the freeway and got onto Shell Beach Road almost immediately. “Will you recognize the street or should I start looking for the sign?”
“Yes, yes, I will know it. I’ll try to warn you ahead of time. Oh, there it is.  Turn there.” She pointed toward the street. Duncan complied.
“The house is just down near the end of this street. Right? Isn’t there a windmill at the very end of this street?”
“Yes. We’ve driven by it.”
Duncan noted the address number on the mailbox and pulled up in front of the house. “This it?”
“Yes.” Heather got out of the truck and headed past the fence gate. Linda Sue came rushing out to greet them.
“I’m all set. Karen will be at the shop all day and I’m all dressed in grubbies to work. We have just got to get this room done.”
Heather raised her eyebrows, not understanding the word. “I don’t have any of those grubbies to wear for work. Is there any place I can get them?”
They tried to hold back, but both Linda Sue and Duncan laughed aloud. “I’m so sorry, but it is funny. Grubbies are just any old clothing that you no longer want to wear. Making them as working grubbies is the last of the line for clothing. Just work clothes you intend to throw away.”
Heather laughed as well. “Will I ever learn?”
“You will, sweetie, you will.” Linda Sue led the way into her guest room. It had once been a screened in porch. The former carpenter had put up walls, put in a new floor and had just not trimmed out the windows or the finishing trim on the walls. There were also a few things in the bathroom to complete. And. there was a lot of cleanup.
“Where are the tools, nails and etc.?”
“Over there in the closet. We’ll have to put on the closet door as well. Heather, I hope you are good with a broom. If you’ll sweep up, I will put the extra wood out onto the pile outside while Duncan, you can do what you think best. Okay?” she asked.
“Sure.” The tall good-looking man took off his shirt preparing to work with only a white undershirt covering his handsome body. “I’m sorry, Linda Sue, I should have asked if this is okay with you. The shirt is all I’ll take off, I promise. It is kind of warm in here.” He almost pleaded.
Linda Sue took in the form of the man. “Mhmm,” she agreed. It is getting quite hot in here.” She wiped the imaginary sweat off her brow. “Take off all you want.” She smiled. “We won’t mind.”
“Maybe I had better put it back on.” He started to put the shirt back over his shoulders.
“No, you’re right. It is hot. Just take off whatever you want that makes you feel comfortable.”
“Alright, but with you two, I think this is enough.”
Heather said nothing, but gave Linda Sue a look that said, “How could you?” she was embarrassed.
“Lighten up,” Linda Sue said. “Just get used to it and grab the broom.”
“What about my grubbies?”
“Oh yes, let me get some of my old clothes out for you. I’m sure I have something that will fit you well enough.”
Within minutes, Heather came back into the room dressed in a large red t-shirt and a loose pair of gray sweat pants.
“Now that’s an outfit that will turn any man’s head.” Duncan was unsuccessfully attempting to hold back his laughter.
“Hush,” Linda Sue ordered. We’ve got a lot of work to do today and only today to complete it. At least I have taken this day off. I can’t take more than two days off in a week and actually this is my third this week. What do you think, Duncan? Can we get this all done in one day?”
“Yes, Mam, if you stop talking and let me get to work here.”
Heather just grabbed the nearby broom and started to sweep up piles of sawdust.  Linda Sue started picking up the various pieces of wood that was just lying around the room. They all continued working for about a few hours. Progress was quickly being made. Linda Sue had disposed of all the excess wood while Heather had swept up the entire room. Duncan had completed the trim around both windows and was beginning to work in the bathroom.
“Before we go any further, maybe I should send out for some lunch.”
“No, I’m not all that crazy about take out. You’ve both done as far as you can go. I’ve got about another hour and I’ll be done. A little more clean up and the room will be ready for the painter tomorrow. Why don’t you two clean up and have some coffee. As soon as I’m done, I’ll take you both out to a favorite place near here.”
“Where would that be?”
“I’ll show you. No dress up required. Just good food.”
Both girls washed up, and Linda Sue made them all some coffee. They sat at the kitchen table, sipping from the large cups.
“You sure do like your coffee.”
“About as much as you enjoy your cuppa.” Linda Sue answered.
From the guest room, they heard Duncan singing softly. “I belong to Glasgow, dear old Glasgow toon (town). Oh there’s something the matter with Glasgow, cause it’s going roon (round) and roon (round). I’m only a common old working man, but as anyone else can see, when I get a couple of drinks on a Saturday,” his voice rose higher, “Glasgow belooongs to me.”
“Do you hear that?” Heather whispered.
“Yes, I did.” Linda Sue rose and brought in a cup of coffee to Duncan. “Hi, there. What’s that you are singing?”
“Sorry to disturb you. I sometimes sing while I work. That’s just a song my dad sang when he was a working or even when he had a dram (drop of whiskey) or two. Hope it didn’t disturb you.”
“No, it’s not a bad voice. Go ahead. Are you almost done?”
“With the work or the song?”
“Both.”
“Yes, to both. Give me a few more minutes and then I’ll get cleaned up to take you both out for a bit to eat.”
“See, see,” Heather kept her voice low. That is an old Scottish song.”
Linda Sue gave her a look. “That song isn’t restricted to just a Scottish person. In fact, I like it. I belong to Glasgow,” she sang. “Forget about it and let’s get ready to go. Come on, you can change into something a bit cleaner in my room.”
“But my things are at the hotel.”
“Did you forget? You did leave a few suitcases here in my closet. You said you didn’t want to bring everything to the hotel.”
“Oh yes, how daft (dumb) of me to forget. I’ll get ready right away. Is it okay if I get a quick shower first?”
‘No.” Linda Sue laughed at Heather’s visual reaction. “Of course, you go first and I’ll get some towels so Duncan can clean up in the guest shower.”
Shortly they were all showered and on their way in Duncan’s truck. “Now this is what I call cozy.” Duncan commented on the three of them sitting comfortably in the cab.
“Are you okay?” Linda Sue asked of him.
“Sure. I kind of like it like this.” His smile was warming.
“Where are we going” Heather asked.
“As usual, I am heading for one of my favorite places.”
“Casual okay?”
“Yes, that is my preference. Although sometimes I will go to the more expensive restaurants, I specialize in the offbeat or out of the way place for the average wallet.”
“That is nice,” Heather was impressed. But where did her Ian learn about restaurant reviewing? There were so many changes in this man. Could it be that he was not her Ian, but some other look alike? She knew now that he was not a ghost or Linda Sue would not see him. All she had was the small photo of him and that was so worn even she wasn’t sure about Ian’s features. Could it be that he was just a memory? Was she so desperate that she was seeing this man as her Ian?
“We’re here now.” Duncan pulled up in front of what looked like a dining car of a train. It was different, but neither of them had expected a railroad car.
“I’ve seen this place many times, but I thought perhaps it was just a hamburger style place.” Linda Sue opened her door before Duncan could come around and play the part of a gentleman.
“You couldn’t be more wrong in a way. They do have all kinds of hamburgers including Black Angus burgers, but well…wait until you get inside and look at their menu.” Duncan assisted Heather out of the truck.
The three walked inside to be greeted by a waiter with menus in hand.
“Hi, Marios. Can we have a table in this dining car, please?” Duncan gestured to his right. “It’s much more comfortable for three in this car, although the other one is okay too.
They were seated at a large table. “Can I get you something to drink?” the handsome server asked.
“Coffee, coffee and coffee; lots of coffee for me,” Duncan spoke and Heather?  Linda Sue?” he asked.
Linda Sue agreed on the coffee while Heather opted for her favorite, tea. The waiter left to give them immediate service.
“Just so you know,” Duncan said, “Marios is the owner, manager, and at the moment, our special waiter.”
Linda Sue opened her menu. “Wow! That is not what I expected at all. Are these Greek foods? And American as well? Even some Mexican specialties. This is a great menu. The only problem is what to order. Any suggestions?”
“Well, you can get many of the items almost anywhere. So why not order something different? If you like, I can order several things and we can all share. That way, we get the tastes of many things.”
“I like that idea, but not too much. How about you, Heather, sound good to you?”
“Yes, some of these things sound very good. But like Linda Sue said, not too much.”
Marios returned with their drinks. Now, what can I get for you or would you like some more time?”
“We’re ready. First, we’ll have a Greek Sampler. That’s dolmades, hummus, spankopita, tzati and pita bread. Wait until you taste the spanokpita. It’s the best. It is spinach, feta and herbs in phyllo pastry. The dolmades are grape leaves stuffed with rice. The rest, you’ll just have to try for yourself.”
“Anything else, sir?”
“Oh yes, we’ll have a lamb shish-kabob, and one Zorba’s Feast for two.”
“Duncan,” Linda Sue admonished. “Are you out of your mind? We can’t eat all that.”
He just smiled. “I know, but it is so hard to resist. It’s really not all that much; if you skip the salad, some of the rice and go easy on the pita.”
“It’s only three meals, kind of.” Heather defended him.
“Yes, what she said,” Duncan put his arm around her lightly as if they were siding against Linda Sue.
For a moment, she caught her breath. It was as if Ian had touched her, but it couldn’t be. It wasn’t. “Let’s just enjoy the meal. I have an idea of what lamb shish kabob is. Lamb is very popular in Scotland. But what is in the Zorba’s Feast?”
“Two chicken souviaki’s which is similar to chicken strips only better, 4 sheftalia’s which is pork meatballs and two gyros along with rice, salad, pita and delicious baklava.”
Linda Sue raised her eyebrows.
“Anything else” the waiter asked with a slight smile on his pleasant face.
“Not at the moment. But we might save room for dessert.”
Linda Sue just gave him a quick look and then began looking around the diner. “No wonder they call this the Rock and Roll Diner. Look at those photos on the wall. That’s Elvis, my favorite. And…James Dean too. I don’t think I’ve ever seen some of these photos.”
“Did you know that both of these railroad cars were built in 1948? This one was part of the Orange Blossom Special. You know the one that Johnny Cash sang about. The other one was on a Chicago run.”
“Look, Linda Sue,” Heather had retained her menu, “Did you see this? They cook their meats on an open pit barbeque. That must be good. We’ll have to come back here for some of the other things too.”
“Don’t you just love this red and crème décor?”
“And the music,” Linda Sue answered. “I adore this music. Reminds me of my youth. Now all they have to do is play an Elvis song and my day will be complete.”
As if by request, they could hear “Love Me Tender” by Elvis. Linda Sue just grinned.
The waiter returned with their salads and pita bread.
“I’d really suggest that you set them aside until we finish with the meal. Trust me. You want to enjoy every bite. You don’t want to be full before we get to the best part.”
Both girls pushed their salads away.
“Now that we have all that little carpentry work done, are you ready for the painters tomorrow?”
“I’m pretty sure.”
“If there is anything more I can do, please, please give me a call.” He handed Linda Sue his card.
“What color are you going to use?” Heather asked.
“No, no, that’ a surprise, but I am sure you will like it. The rug is due to be put down in two days and the furniture will be delivered within three days after the rug. It won’t take me that long to decorate, curtains, etc. So…your room should be ready in about a week. When you move, you can start to do the additions that will make it yours. Can you handle the hotel that long?”
“It’s not exactly an imposition for me to stay at that luxurious hotel. And you did give me a few hundred things to do while I am there.” Heather was beginning to relax.
The first item to arrive at their table was the Greek sampler. Duncan acted as host and divided up the items on to small plates handing them out.
Heather picked up the spanakopita while Linda Sue tried the dolmades.
“Mmm,” Heather took a bite of the spinach, feta pastry. “Oh my, I love this. Linda Sue just nodded in agreement.
Before they could finish the sampler, the waiter arrived with a tray of the ordered items. Again, Duncan placed various items on plates. Linda Sue took a bite of her shish kabob. “I didn’t know this food was so tasty. Who would have thought this was available at a diner?”
After trying out a few more things, Duncan sat back catching a breather. “I’ve got to rest before I go on.”
“Told you,” Linda Sue pointed at him.
“Oh, we’ll finish this. How can we not? It’s all so good.”
“Duncan, how did you get started in such an odd profession?” Linda Sue asked.
“I am a confirmed bachelor and I love to eat. When I was in a restaurant, some time ago, I met this reviewer who told me about his job. I thought this is the right job for me and did some research on how I could get started. I do write for local newspapers and some magazines about the places I go to. I also do an online reviewer’s corner and am in the process of writing an area book on several areas I have checked out. Right now, I am doing one on the central coast. Here”
“I know you said you liked out of the way places.” Heather commented. “What is it that makes you choose any place?”
“First I check out the quality and taste of food. And then the cost versus the quantity and quality.”
“What else is left?”
“So much more. Naturally, the service. And the cleanliness.”
“You said you don’t tell them that you are a reviewer.” It was Linda Sue’s turn. “How do you get into the kitchen to check things out?”
“Don’t need to.”
“Oh?”
“Run your hand around the edge of the table. If it is sticky, that is a sure sign the waiter does not clean thoroughly. And.that the manager doesn’t care enough to check. Then, not to be crude, but the bathrooms had better be clean before I will even order in a place.”
“What else?’
“The staff. If they don’t show they care about the place, why should I care to go there? I expect cleanliness, courtesy, caring. If the staff is not good, I blame the management for not following up. It’s easy to spot good management as well as poor managers.”
“What do you look for in food?”
“So many things. Taste, quality and I do prefer something a little on the unusual or unique.
“How many places live up to your expectations?” Linda Sue asked while putting a piece of the spanokpita into her mouth. “Oh,mmm, oh yes, this is the best.”
“Wait until you try the rest. And to answer your question, many places live up to my expectations. Most people don’t even start the tedious business of a restaurant unless it is their intention to create wonderful meals and ambiance. Not to mention, making money.”
“So what happens then?” Heather finally joined in also picking up one of the appetizers.
“Many things. Sadly, a good cook or chef has little idea about what to do in the management of a restaurant. He or she knows only the kitchen and oddly, it is their nature to make a delightful dish no matter what the cost. And it is management that must control the cost or go under. Think about it, the management must buy the best food possible, pay the cost of the building, pay the utilities, the help and control loss. Without all that, the owner would wind up paying people to eat in the restaurant. It’s a careful knowledgeable balance that will make a restaurant go. That is why some family restaurants go so well. Usually, there is only one boss, often a parent and the kids no matter what age are geared to obey without question.”
Heather picked up a piece of pita bread and placed it playfully in Duncan’s mouth.
“It’s not my fault,’ he wailed and pointed to Linda Sue. “It’s hers. She got me started on my soap box subject.”
Before they could continue, the waiter brought out the rest of the food assisted by another young waiter.
Heather’s eyes widened. “This is a meal for only three or three hundred? I don’t know when I’ve seen so much food. I hope you two have enough appetite. I know I can barely touch a part of all this.”
“Just enjoy as much or as little as you can.” Duncan said.
“You can just bet I will. Heather, you are on your own.” Linda picked up one of the lamb shish kabobs. “We, or at least I, will diet for the next week, but tonight, we eat.” Linda Sue smiled.
“Isn’t it a shame that there is so much good food available to us and we spend so much time worrying about what it can or cannot do to our bodies?” Duncan picked up another of the lamb shish kebobs. “You are right, Linda Sue, for tonight let’s enjoy this meal and be grateful we can. Tomorrow, I have to spend the day writing. You both will be supervising the poor painters.”
“If you knew what I have to pay those painters, you would never consider them poor.” Linda Sue said.
“Right. Now, after this meal, I’m going back to the hotel to collapse. I’m not used to hard work.” He smiled in a way they knew he didn’t mean it. “As I said, I am busy tomorrow, but I do have another restaurant to review the day after that. Heather,” he turned toward her as if talking to her alone, “I will be near some great ocean views. If you like, I can pick you up early and bring you to the views. Not too far from here. Then we can do lunch and you can give me your opinion. It would mean a lot to me.” He hesitated. “That is, I can certainly use your help. I feel sometimes I don’t have enough of an objective view.” Then, as if suddenly realizing he might be slighting Linda Sue, he turned toward her. “I’m sorry, of course, if you would be able to join us….”
“No, Duncan, I can’t get away, but thanks for inviting me. I’m afraid I have to catch up at the shop. I have a client who is looking for more paintings from another artist I have featured at the gallery.”
“Who is that? Someone I know?”
“I’m not sure. Have you ever seen the Paramount logo?
“Who hasn’t?”
“That artist was Jan Domela. He not only did that, but worked at that studio for many years and in fact, earned a few academy awards for his art, a few in major movies like “The Ten Commandments”. He has done many landscapes, but it is his cathedral interiors that I have and am looking for more. They are astonishing. My client can’t seem to get enough of them.”
“So you are not just featuring Heather?”
“She is my main artist now and has a great audience, but I don’t put all my eggs in one basket.” She looked at Heather to see if that bothered her.
As if to answer the unasked question, Heather spoke, “I would expect nothing else. It is impossible, almost, for any artist to paint enough to keep any gallery going.”
Trying to get back in the happy mood they had been in, Duncan continued. “About Thursday, are you available?”
Heather stopped and looked to Linda Sue for approval. The pretty blonde nodded and stated, “If you are looking to me for a day of work, go ahead. The more photos you have of different areas, the more paintings you can do. The more paintings, the better for all of us.”
“Then I accept your offer, Duncan. Do you want to pick me up at the hotel lobby at 9 or so?”
“Perfect. I’ll be there.”

Chapter 8
Pasta Bella, Pismo Beach

As usual, Duncan was there long before Heather arrived. The chair in the lobby was most comfortable and the coffee was outstanding. He enjoyed sitting there in front of the warm fireplace. It was so relaxing. He looked around the lobby waiting for Heather. It was so inviting and he did like the Victorian style. Even the patterned green rug with the large roses seemed authentic.
When she walked in, he rose.
Such a gentleman she thought. So unlike the old Ian. In the discussion she had with the psychiatrist friend of Linda Sue’s, he had explained so much. “Yes, he could have lost his memory completely. And yes, any shock could be disastrous. The mind of an amnesiac was fragile and there were no guarantees as to what could happen. No, she should not tell him who he was or what had happened. Give him more time.” In truth, the psychiatrist felt as Linda Sue did. They both felt that this man was who he said and that what Heather saw and felt was a result of her own guilt and shock. They both believed that in time, she would see all the things about this man that were not the result of her own guilt.
“Did you want to go and have some breakfast or coffee or do you want to get going on the photos?”
No, I had breakfast. Photos first are fine with me. Did you have a good breakfast?” Heather was not quite telling the truth. She had eaten breakfast, but it had consisted of a cup of tea and a muffin she had purchased the previous night from the restaurant. “I’m good. I’ve had toast and a few cups of coffee. I’m good for now. I usually prefer to eat an early or late lunch when the restaurants are not quite full and I can savor the meal at my own pace.”
They were driving along the freeway talking as if they had known each other for years. Heather kept looking at him as if expecting him to recognize her. Would he? How long would it take for him to know it was her, his fiancée? She hadn’t changed. She would have to do some research on amnesia to see what she could do to stir his memory. Linda Sue had seen him, so he couldn’t be a ghost. He was a solid man, her Ian. He had even mentioned passing her at that restaurant where he had noticed her, no matter how briefly. But where had he gone then? She had to relieve her disturbed mind. “I did see you the other day in Morro Bay at Rose’s, but when I went inside, you weren’t there. Can I ask where you went?”
“Sure. I guess you didn’t hear my explanation to Linda Sue. I didn’t know you were looking for me. I went into visit with the manager to show him the write up I had done on his restaurant. He loved it and we spent quite a bit of time talking.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked.”
“It’s alright. I do understand.” he barely glanced at her.  “Oh, there is one of my favorite views,” he didn’t give her a chance to answer. He pointed to the view of the ocean as they came over the hill. It was astonishing. “This takes my breath away every time I come over that hill.” They had just passed through a series of hills that seemed to close them in slightly and as they progressed over the hill, the ocean opened up to a wide view. “It is never the same. Some days, the ocean is still while others the waves are crashing on the shore.”
“Awesome. I wish we could stop right here and take some shots.”
“We can’t right here in the middle of the freeway, but I promise, one day soon, I will manage to find a place for you to get the view and a place to get some shots.”
“Thank you. About your question, I did think you looked like someone I once knew. It was a bit of a shock.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“If it is alright, I really don’t want to go into that right now. Perhaps some time.”
Duncan let it go. It would probably not be the right time and he didn’t want to push her. Yesterday, she had been in such a shock after seeing him. But today, she was more open. Heather was such a pretty girl, a little too thin for his personal taste, but maybe time would take care of that small flaw. At least going out with him to various restaurants, she might put on a few pounds. Other than that, her hair was the color of warm chocolate and her eyes, such a soft green. He did tower above her; perhaps he was a foot taller. But then, he did favor short ladies. Duncan pointed out an area off the highway, “Over there are some great spots at Shell Beach that you might enjoy painting. There is even a gazebo where we can picnic and take many pictures.”
He drove off the highway and headed down the street. “This is Grover Beach and if you look between some of the buildings, you can see the beach.”
“Wait a minute.” He turned down a street of many shops and restaurants heading toward the ocean, which was in view. “I’ll park right here in this parking lot and we can walk out on the pier.”
“That sounds wonderful. I love the sound of the surf and the smell of the ocean.”
“Did you know that the original wharf was built in 1881 by the Meherin Brothers? There used to be two warehouses near the entrance. By vessels coming in and going out with freight, it saved the local businesses thousands. I believe it was in the early 1920’s that they had to build a new pier that cars could actually drive out on. But storms do a lot of damage and this one was built in mid 85.”
“You sure are a wealth of information. Is this just local knowledge or did you read it somewhere?”
“Something I read. Like I said, I do recall a lot.  Good memory is necessary to my business. If someone saw me taking notes in an interview, they could hold back. I like my subjects to be comfortable. That way I get great interviews. So I have learned how to develop my memory.”
“That’s amazing. Do you ever just forget something and rack your brain to remember?”
“Sure. Everyone does that. The secret is to stop. Pretend your mind is like an older car. If you rev it up and flood it with gas, it won’t start. But, if you stop, let it idle a bit, it will go. So I let my mind idle and not get flooded with ideas of I can’t remember things and then, just like that,” he snapped his fingers, “it all comes right back.”
“I never thought of it that way, but I will give it a try next time I let the engine flood.” She smiled.
Within minutes, he had taken her by the hand and led her to the long wide pier. Though it was quite windy, there were about fifty or so people coming and going along the pier. A few children were holding out bread to the many sea gulls. “Just like my home,” Heather sighed. I used to play along the beach, near Kinnaird Lighthouse feeding the gulls too.”
“Tell me about your home, Heather.” Duncan asked as they walked out along the creaky boards. They could hear the roar of the ocean waves as they crashed.
She wanted to tell him to just remember her, but suppose he couldn’t? Should she just tell him he had to be her Ian? But she didn’t know if that were true or if it were, what damage could she do? She could still hear the words of the psychiatrist. Maybe if they just kept company a little longer, he would begin to remember.
“I loved my home in Rosehearty. It was a very small town on the ocean, but it really was all I knew. Oh, of course, we went into Aberdeen for major shopping, but I loved our sleepy little village. There was another nearby town called Fraserburgh, quite a bit larger and we walked the few miles to go there on occasion. I lost my father at a young age and my mom worked too hard to take me many places.”
“Does she still live in Rosehearty?”
“No, she moved on to live with her aunt in Fraserburgh in council housing. Oh, that is government housing for those who are elderly or in need. She is sort of a caregiver to her aunt.”
“I know about council housing.” Duncan began to explain how, but stopped. “Wait. Turn about. Now this is a shot you should take.” He faced her toward the shoreline. “Wouldn’t this make an unusual painting?”
Heather agreed by nodding her head and aiming her camera. She took photos from one side of the pier, then the other and even a few from the very end of the pier toward the beginning. Although she rarely used people in paintings, this would be one worth the practice on people in action.
“Just a minute,” she again took shots from the end of the pier toward the ocean further down on both the right and left side, leaving out the shoreline past the beach. It would look as if she were painting from a moving boat in the water. That would be unusual. Maybe a little difficult to paint the waves from this other view, but she would do it. “Thank you so much, Ia; Duncan.”  She hoped he hadn’t heard her error. She had to talk to that doctor first before she disclosed who he was and who she was to him.
Duncan ignored the partial name. “Now that you have these photos, let’s take a short walk along the boardwalk. That will give you a few more views.”
“Fine.” Heather was excited, almost enough to forget that this man was her fiancé with loss of memory. She kept taking shots as they returned to the beach from either side of the pier. What a wealth of photos. She could probably do the thirty-five paintings that Linda Sue had mentioned just from this collection.
Within a short time, they were walking along the boardwalk in the sand. “This goes quite a way from the Pismo area to Grand Ave in Grover Beach. But, if it okay with you, I’d love to get a bite to eat.”
“Oh, of course, what time is it?” Heather didn’t usually wear a watch.
“Almost two.”
“I didn’t realize how fast time was flying. Where shall we go to eat? Would this be one of the places you will critique?”
“I’m not quite sure. The food is great and the service friendly. It is definitely good enough to write about. But I would love your opinion.”
“What kind of a place is it?” They were walking past the large parking lot and up the street of many shops. Some of them looked interesting to Heather. She thought she might return here at a later time. Actually, she knew they weren’t too far from Linda Sue’s gallery.
“Italian. I do hope you like Italian cuisine.”
Heather smiled. “Mmmm.” She hesitated to tell him that she had never tasted many styles of food. There were only a few places in which to eat in her small town and when they went to Fraserburgh or Aberdeen, her mom would never enjoyed any foods other than the Scottish kind. It was kind of a loyalty to her chosen country. Even coming to the United States had not changed Heather’s habit. Not only had her diet been limited, but she had little appetite.
They soon came to the corner restaurant called Pasta Bella and went inside. The walls inside were brick with two large windows that offered a view of each street, Dolliver and Pomeroy. It was clean, bright and painted in a sunny yellow.
“Hi,” a warm voice greeted them. “Have a seat and here are the menus. Take your time and when you are ready, you can come up to the counter and give your order. An attractive dark haired young woman dressed in a crisp white shirt, black vest and black slacks pointed to the tables. Have a seat anywhere you like.”
When they went to give their order, they saw a copy of the menu over the back of the counter.
“Can I make a suggestion?” Duncan pointed to the sign.
“Yes,” what a relief. Heather didn’t know what she should order.
“Do you like white or red sauce?”
“Red,” Heather wasn’t sure what the white would be and she had heard of red sauces. She should have told him the truth.
“There, at the bottom of the sign, we can order the kind of pasta, the kind of sauce and the kind of toppings. Is it okay if I order my favorite for both of us?”
“Yes.”
“We’ll have the lunch ‘do it your way’. Angel hair pasta with red meat sauce and olives, roasted garlic and fresh mushrooms. I’ll have ranch on my salad and on yours?” He asked.
“Honey mustard sounds good.”
“And to drink?” the waitress asked.
“I’ll have lemonade.”
“A cup; of hot tea, plain.” Heather remembered what Linda Sue had suggested she order instead of a cuppa. Some habits were just so hard to break.
The waitress placed the lemon drink on the tray and stated that she would be bringing the hot tea along with fresh bread to the table of their choice.
When he paid for the bill, he handed the waitress a small piece of paper asking if it was good.
“Certainly,” she punched in a few numbers and Heather watched the register price cut almost in half.
“Do you mind me asking what that was?”
“It’s a Dine Out coupon. I purchase a book of them every time I am in the area.”
“What is that?”
“Kind of simple, really. In order to introduce locals and tourists to their restaurants, merchants advertise in this book. They offer a one-time coupon for a patron to come in and try their establishment with a buy one, get one free coupon. I hope you don’t mind, but I use them as often as possible. It keeps the cost down.”
“I think that is wonderful,” she said, “and so thrifty. You are a true Scot.”
Duncan didn’t know how to answer that. “I guess my mom would be proud.
At two thirty, the place was just about empty. Heather glanced around. It was nice and did have a few Italian decorations. She should tell Duncan the truth about her lack of food experience before she tasted the food and didn’t like it.
She sipped her tea and took a bite of the bread stick. “Oh, I do love fresh bread. This is great. Duncan, I do hate lies. I apologize. I should have told you that I have never tasted Italian food. I may not like it.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t want you to think I was so inexperienced with foods and you are so knowledgeable.” She hung her head slightly.
He took her chin in his hand and raised her face. “Come on. That doesn’t matter. If you don’t like it, I will eat it all and take you somewhere else.”
He was so nice. It almost brought her to tears. The old Ian would have been annoyed. The conversation was stopped by the arrival of the meal.
“Here you are and is there anything else I can possibly get for you?”
“More of this wonderful bread?” Heather asked hesitatingly.
“Absolutely.”
“And a little more hot water?”
“More coke for you?” she asked.
“No. I’m fine.” Duncan offered. “You know; I’ve been in here a few times and never asked your name. You give such good service and so pleasantly.”
“It’s Mari. And thank you.”
“Ready, Heather.” He smiled as he picked up his own fork.
She picked up her own and twirled a few stands of angel hair pasta around her fork swirling it in the red sauce. A hesitant bite. “Mhmm. Oh this is so so good. She reached out to pick up a mushroom and a bit of the roasted garlic. “Oh, yes, this is good.”

“I’m glad you like my selection.” He also continued with his meal.
“I can’t believe I didn’t try this before. I love it. Is the white sauce good too?”
“One of my favorites too. It’s a creamy, cheesy sauce. I’ll have to start showing you some recipes and what is in some things. They might appeal to you more.”
“That sounds like a good idea.” Heather was leaning over her plate struggling with a long piece of pasta.
Duncan laughed aloud, handing her a large spoon. “Here, use this to twirl your pasta into a small ball, like this.” He began swirling it around his spoon.
“Is there anything else I can get for you?” the waitress was smiling at them.
“And how is everything?”
“It’s fabulous, wonderful,” Heather answered. “I just love this.”
“We’ve had a lot of rave reviews about our food, but few so enthusiastic.”
“She’s new to Italian.” Duncan explained. We’re Scots.”
Heather was startled. He was admitting to being from Scotland. Was he beginning to remember? Should she say something or wait? She decided to wait and see what happened.
Within a few moments, another gentleman approached them and introduced himself as Josh Ortiz, the owner. “My waitress tells me you are quite happy with the food. I want to thank you personally. I really have tried to make this a good restaurant, not fancy, just great.”
“It’s certainly all that.” Duncan said.
“That means a lot to me. Thank you. Come back any time. And feel free to try our other specialties.”
Duncan thanked him, telling Mr. Ortiz that he would be definitely back to try other specialties.
A short time later, they had both cleaned their plates and were walking back to the truck.
“I was surprised. Don’t you tell restaurants that you are a reviewer? Wouldn’t they give you the best meals and perhaps not charge?
“Sure, sometimes they could do that, but I feel like I want to experience what the average person does. I take pride in the fact that I only review favorably the best of the restaurants and just don’t mention those I don’t like. I don’t want to feel an obligation to any place and I would if I accepted any favors. I’m not even sure, if they knew my work, if I would get the same food as the normal patron. So, no, I don’t tell anyone.”
“That makes sense.”
“I hope you got enough pictures today. What are you doing tomorrow?
“I’m afraid I have to work at the studio to get started on a painting.”
Duncan looked disappointed. “When are you available? I have so many more places to show you.”
Heather did want to spend as much time as she could with him. It would be the only way she could get him to remember.  “The day after tomorrow I should be free. You can call me at the hotel, but ask at the desk what room I am in. I think it will be in 300, but I’m not sure. Linda Sue has some arrangement with the hotel and I do get to move about a bit until her guest room is done.”
“According to Linda Sue, that should be soon. Now if there is anything else I can do to help facilitate that move, you just let me know. Here is my cell phone number so you can reach me anytime.”
What an unusual man, not at all like her Ian. He would never offer to do so much for a perfect stranger, not after only a few days.
“When you do live in your fifth wheel, do you stay close to here?”
“I usually stay in several parks. Whatever is nearest the area I am checking out?”
“What area did you have in mind? But yes, I would love to see whatever you think would be good for my art.”
“Okay,” one day we can go to the area around Hearst Castle. And then tour the castle. But we should make a reservation first for the castle tour. I hear it can get terribly busy at times. How does that sound?”
“I have heard of the castle, but not that much. Wherever you want to go will be fine with me.”
On the way back to the truck, they were walking past the many shops.
“Before we go back, I’d like to introduce you to a specialty of the area. Call it a kind of dessert.”
“Sounds good.”
“I’m not sure you will like it, but it can be fun.” He led her into a candy shop.
“Candy? I don’t know.  My figure.”
Duncan just looked at her small frame and smiled.
As they approached the counter, Heather saw many varieties of lollipops. She raised her eyebrows.
Duncan laughed. “Can we see a few of these?” he asked the sales girl.
“Any special bug?” she asked, sensing that this was Heather’s first time in the shop.
“No, just a few.”
All Heather could do was again raise her eyebrows.
Duncan picked up one of the wrapped pops and holds it up. “This one is a roach and this tequila flavored one has the worm and tastes like tequila.”
“What? Yuck. Do you really expect me to put that in my mouth?”
“No, I just wanted you to see them. I’m sure Linda Sue knows about them. Is there anyone you would send one to?”
Heather was laughing too.  “No, I don’t think so, but if I think of anyone, I’ll be sure to come here.”
“Well, I have a few friends to send some to. I’ll take a dozen assorted. And we will have a couple of your choice real chocolates; no ants.”
Heather smiled. What a sense of humor this Ian had.
Back to the Apple Farm, she had so enjoyed the day. This new Ian was such an improvement. She hoped he wouldn’t change when he remembered.

Chapter 9
The Scottish Treat

“My goodness, do you see who is getting out of that truck and fifth wheel? I know he said he would be picking you up in something a little different, but I thought he might be arriving in a limo or something.” Linda Sue was staring out of the gallery window.
Heather joined her. “You’re right. That’s him and that seems to be the fifth wheel he talked about. And…he did say this we would go to an unusual place today.”
“I know we’ve gotten to know him well over the past few days, but are you sure you want to go out with him in a no-tell motel?”
“A what?”
“To be blunt, the trailer part does come with a bedroom. You haven’t known him that long. Aren’t you kind of asking for trouble?”
“No, I trust him. If he is bringing along a trailer thing, then well…I do trust him. He’s never even made any advances.”
“Is that something of which you are proud or disappointed?” Linda Sue turned toward the opening door.
Heather hesitated. She wasn’t sure. But before she had a chance to answer, Duncan came in the gallery.
“Good morning, ladies. Linda Sue, I know you’ve asked me about my home, where I live, etc.  Well, time to tell you or actually show you. I’ve been having a little work done on the fifth wheel for the past few weeks and now I can show you. As you know, my job takes me all over the country. I like having my own bed, with no worries about constant packing in suitcases. So this is it, my home. I just park it at a local campground and go on when I am ready. I picked it up this morning and figured this is a perfect time to show it to you both. After we go to lunch, I’ll drop it off at the campground. I kind of want to test it, if that is okay with you, Heather.”
“Of course. I’d love to see it.”
“Linda Sue, you are welcome to come along with us. We aren’t going far. In case you feel we need a chaperone.” There was that mischievous grin on the handsome man.
“No, you two go along and enjoy the day. You are still going to take pictures of other ocean views, aren’t you?”
“Absolutely. Got a special view in mind.” Linda Sue didn’t know if he meant the ocean or not. He had a way with making a sentence sound like it had other meanings.
“I’m ready. Heather grabbed up her hand knit beige sweater with embroidered heather from Scotland and added a matching tam o shanter.  Though she was far away from her native home, she still liked to feel as if she were there by wearing the Scottish styles. Her recently acquired lavender plaid skirt added to the manner of dress. Linda Sue could no longer complain on her lack of color.
Duncan assisted her into the truck. Although he had recently had grab bars placed in the front of the truck, she was still in the need of a little help. She had been so surprised when he showed them to her. It was as if he had planned she would be getting in and out of his truck for a long time.
“Where are we going today?” Heather asked as they pulled out into the street. She marveled at the easy way he was handling the vehicles. It didn’t seem as if they had any added weight on the back. They moved so smoothly. He was certainly a good driver.
“Not too far, as I told Linda Sue. Actually, Avila Beach. I park at a campground near there and it will be easy to drop it off after lunch.”
“Where are we having lunch and what is the menu like?”
“That, my Scottish lovely, is a secret. But I guarantee you will love it.”
“If you say so. You’ve come to know my limited tastes lately.”
“While we’re driving, why don’t you tell me a little bit about your family?”
“I don’t suppose there is all that much to tell. My father perished in the North Sea when I was nine. Like a lot of seamen from our town, the sea takes so many. It’s a rough one, as you know. The few times we took the ferry from John O’ Groats to the Orkney Isles, it would seem as if we went more up and down than forward and that was on a calm day. I never did understand why men would risk their lives on the comparatively fragile boats.”
“Doesn’t make much sense. Your mother?”
“She managed to raise me out of high school and then just prior to my wedding date, she was called to take care of her aunt in the council housing. Of course, I stayed there, waiting. But, as I’m sure Linda Sue told you, the loss of my fiancée changed all that.” Heather looked carefully to see if he responded in any way. He didn’t.
“No other siblings?”
“No, just lots of aunts, uncles and such.”
Sensing there wasn’t much about which she wanted to talk, Duncan asked her about her heritage. Almost every Scot knew and bragged about their clans and family history.
“Oh, now there I can give you some history. We MacIntosh’s go way way back. My grandpa told me of our ties to Olaf of the terrible ax. I don’t suppose you’ve heard of him.”
“No,” Duncan lied. In fact, he knew that he too was distantly related to the scoundrel. It seemed as if he was a Viking raider who spread his seed in at least three known placed in Scotland. The first time was a quick out of wedlock union, which produced Duncan’s ancestor. The second was a marriage to a Scottish princess in which she died in childbirth giving an ancestor to the area in which Heather was born. Yet another family was begun with the Caithness family a lot further down the coast. Busy man.
“Well, he married a princess and she gave him one child, a daughter, which began my family at that time. Somewhere around the 1500’s. I believe she died in childbirth though of course, the child lived. I think he continued raiding. He was a Viking and as I understand, he was thrown out of Viking land by his own father or stepfather. He was well known for his mighty ax. In fact, when we went to the abbey in the Orkney Isles, we saw a statue of him. I couldn’t believe it when we saw the sign in front of the statue.”
“What did it say?”
“Saint Olaf of the Terrible Ax”
“Saint?” Duncan hadn’t known about that.
“Yes, and I was as surprised as you. Imagine being related to a saint.”
‘I’ve got to ask. Did you find out how he attained that honor?”
“Of course. Seems when he was doing his raiding, he gave the villagers a choice. Become Christians or…meet up with his ax. He converted so many to the faith, that they made him a saint. Or so the story goes.”
“What a tale! Any more interesting people?”
“Yes, Anne MacIntosh helped Bonnie Prince Charlie when he was trying to escape. She dressed him as her maid and got him to safety.”
“How about your clan motto? What is that?”
“A wild cat leaping. It says, “Touch not the cat, bot a glove. It means...”
“I know.” He interrupted. It means don’t touch this wild cat without protection. I can’t believe that would mean you.”
Heather laughed. “I’m afraid not. I don’t fit the description of wild cat.”
“I hope not.” Duncan pulled into a parking area along the ocean view.
“Where’s the restaurant?” Heather was looking about. There wasn’t a building in sight although they were parked right next to the road.
“Right there.” He pointed back to the fifth wheel. He had maneuvered it so that the front door was facing the ocean view.
“Give me a minute.” He asked as he lowered the stands. In moments he had pushed a button and a part of the fifth wheel came out to enlarge the inside space. “That is a slide out. Gives me about 36 square feet of more room.”
Heather was a little hesitant to go with him into the fifth wheel. Had Linda Sue been right? Would this be his no tell motel? So far, he had been a perfect gentleman without one hint of a pass, other than an occasional light hug. But she had said she trusted him. So, up the three short steps. It was not what she expected at all. , There was a very small kitchen area, but it did seem so much larger than she had thought. There was a television over a small fireplace, a bookcase and not one but two desks. She had seen some photos of trailers and all of them had a couch and a dining area. This one had a desk where the couch should have been and another desk covered with computer equipment where the dining area should have been.
“How do you keep all that stuff from moving when you travel?”
“Industrial strength Velcro and sometimes a bungie or two when needed. Most things have special places.”
There was a large recliner on wheels. “Where does that go when you travel?” Obviously, it couldn’t stay where it was with the slide out in.
“That moves to the area in front of the television. It’s on heavy-duty wheels and the slide out is able to come right in. Sort of everything fits like pieces of a puzzle.”
“That’s a lot of desk area.”
“It is needed for my work, so I just converted the dining area to suit me.”
“No dining room?”
“My job, you know keeps me well supplied with food. If and when I do want to eat here, I manage with this.” He pulled out a card table from beside the desk and set it up. Then reached into a closet to pull out two folding chairs. Deftly placing a red plaid tablecloth on the card table, he stated, “Almost ready.”
There was a closed door to the back of the trailer. Heather supposed it was to a bedroom, bathroom or both. “All so convenient. Now, what is this lunch we are supposed to have”
“Let me put this chair outside so you can see the view while I get things ready. And here’s the camera, for when you see things you want to paint.”
“It is a great view,” she commented as he returned inside. The fifth wheel, as he called it, was set up perfectly for him. No room for a wife there. Not really. What woman would want to cook in such a small kitchen? And where would the woman even sit to watch television? In the office chair or behind the dining room desk on that little bench? He did seem to keep it clean, perhaps for the benefit of a guest like herself. For some reason, she was anxious to see his bedroom. Probably very austere with no feminine touches. But how could she ask to see his bedroom without making it sound like an invitation?
She could hear him bustling about. A few tempting smells. Was he actually cooking? And what? She could hardly wait, but she managed to take a few photos of interesting views. Finally, he appeared in the doorway.
“Ready for lunch?”
“I’m famished.” She actually was. With all this running about with him, keeping busy with her painting, she had almost forgotten she was in mourning. And almost forgotten this man could be her missing fiancé.
Again she went up the few steps holding on to the handrail. “What is this? It’s not…” Heather was amazed and delighted. In front of her were several dishes she had long missed. There was a plate of hot scones, probably cooked at the Apple Farm and reheated here. Oatcakes and butter. She knew even she, had called them sawdust cakes when she was a child, but how she did love them. Mealie puddings? Where on earth had he gotten them? Only a Scot would understand anyone loving sausages made with oatmeal, onions and suet. Yet here they were, all fried and steaming. “Meat pies?” she asked.  “Where did you get meat pies?” She almost grabbed the turnover pies filled with lightly spiced meat.
“And a few neeps (turnips) and tatties (potatoes).” He pushed the bowl of potatoes and turnips toward her.
“I don’t believe it.  It’s like you brought my home here to me. This is the best meal I could have had with you. Thank you so much.”
“Don’t just stand there. Sit down and enjoy. I slaved over a hot stove for you.” He jokingly rubbed his forehead as if he were wiping away sweat.
“I will. I will. I just don’t know what to have first. Did you honestly prepare all this yourself?”
“Most of it. I did find a British food supplier on line and ordered the oat cakes (flat cakes made mostly of oatmeal) and mealie puddings (oatmeal sausage), but the meat pies and neeps (turnips) and tatties (potatoes) are all my own doing.”
‘How?”
“My mum gave me the recipes and I am a pretty good cook.”
“Your mum?”
“Yes, she is still in Scotland, not too far from Aberdeen. She brought me here when I was a wee lad, but returned to her home to live with her sister in Fraserburgh some years back.”
“Fraserburgh? That’s not but a few miles from my home. My mum is there.” She knew Ian’s mother had passed, but did he mentally invent a new mother or forgot that she died? Was this man her Ian? Would she ever know? She wished she could tell him that she was his fiancée, but the doctor had warned her that if he was indeed her Ian, that a sudden shock might cause more mental damage. It would have to come in his own time. She didn’t know how long she could go one with the charade, pretending she didn’t know him. What if he regained his memory? Would things be the same as they had been or would his personality have changed? What if he never remembered her? What if he didn’t want to remember?
He almost startled her when he asked her to join him at the card table, pulling out her chair. Shaking her head slightly as if to clear her mind of the thoughts, she sat down. She didn’t know what to attack first. Heather smiled to herself for just a minute. In reality, she thought of attacking the handsome man in front of her. Her body was starved with sexual desires. She and Ian had decided to abstain until their wedding, although it had not stopped their yearning. What if she did something to re-kindle his passion? Then suppose he was not Ian, but another man instead? What would happen if she gave her body to a stranger just because he looked like her deceased or missing love? If Ian came back, could they live with that? Better attack the delicious meal in front of her. The mealie pudding first. How long had it been since she had tasted that oatmeal sausage that was “home”? Then the oatcakes lathered with butter. Mhmm, she closed her eyes as she placed a piece of butter fried mealie pudding in her mouth.
Duncan smiled. Wait until she saw what he had planned for dessert. This was one way to increase her small frame. Linda Sue had confided in him that she was concerned about her friend. Although her worry was that Heather had seemed to have lost her appetite since the loss of Ian and lost a significant loss of weight as well, she hadn’t told this man the entire story. Just that she was losing too much for her health. Duncan confirmed that he would continue to provide her with treats from her home while taking her out to the many great restaurants in the area. Although he traveled a great deal to review the restaurants, he had discovered that though there were the few fantastic ones in small towns, there were few places that had clusters of great ones. This area was blessed with so many.
He wanted to tell her not to eat too much and save room for the dessert, but didn’t. It was more important that she just eat, to even get plump. That had always been his favorite form on women; just a little full figured. It would take a long time for Heather to become that way. For a moment, he surprised himself. He was thinking of Heather in a romantic way. That was not his intention when he became acquainted with her.
“Oh, Duncan, this is so so, so, so good. It’s been ages, it seems, since I had a meal I truly love. Something of my home.”
“Who would believe someone would go nuts over an oatmeal sausage and a hard oat cake similar to hard tack?” Duncan laughed.
“Hey, I put up with so many of your American dishes.”
“You forget; I am from Scotland. I may have left there at a young age, but my mum raised me on the traditional foods and….when I go home to visit mum, I eat all the good foods there. My mum won’t even try anything I might want to prepare for her. She says she endured that foreign food enough when she lived here.”
“I’ll have to admit I do like many of these foreign (as she calls it) dishes. That Italian food at Pasta Bella in Pismo was great. There were so many good meals at the Apple Farm Restaurant. But this…I can’t thank you enough.”
“Wait till you see and taste dessert.”
“I’m saving the room and stopping all this now. I can have a doggie bag, can’t I? What is it?” she was referring to the dessert.
He reached into the refrigerator and pulled out two tall dessert glasses. One contained an unlit candle. “Cranachan, my own version of a birthday treat.” He said proudly as he lit the candle and sang a short happy birthday.
“Thank you so much. You mean Cream Crowdie?”
“Either name is fine. Do you like it? Linda Sue told me it was your birthday. I hope all this meets with your approval.”
“It does and thank you. How could I not love my cake? All that cream with honey and whisky with raspberries and toasted oats. That is how you made it, right?”
“You got it. And I have more recipes in store for another time.”
“Duncan, you’re wonderful.” She rose and hugged him. “Oops, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”
“You don’t need to stop. I kind of like it.” that surprised him. Her momentary hug felt good. He almost held her close, but thought he shouldn’t, well, not yet. To get too close to her at this time would defeat his purpose. He had to find out a great deal more about her.
Though she hesitated to ask him about the hidden part of the fifth wheel, soon necessity called. She would have to use the facilities.
“May I…?” she gestured to the closed door.”
“Oh, yes,” he rose from his chair and opened the sliding door. “When you want to come out, just push this button from the other side and slide the door open.
“Thank you.” Heather went into the bedroom/ bathroom. It was so much more than anticipated. The bathroom was simple, obviously everything cleaned and done in shades of brown and tan. The bedroom contained a seemingly huge king size bed with little, if any, room to spare. The two large windows were covered with heavy dark tan drapes, matching the bed cover. There were a few throw pillows of lighter shades of brown nicely tossed across the back. It was a darkened room made for day and nighttime sleeping. Very nice and masculine. Not a woman’s touch anywhere.
She dried her hands on the plain light tan hand towel and opened the door. “Very nice,” she commented.
“I like it.” he smiled. He had taken a lot of time to make this fifth wheel his home. “You’ve got to try the bed.”
“Hmm?” she questioned. That was quick. Was Linda Sue right? Was this his no tell motel on wheels?
“Her look was obvious. “Oh, I mean, just sit on the edge. It’s a Temperpedic and so very comfortable. Try it.”
“Oh, my. That is soft. Linda Sue has mentioned getting one for my bed.”
“Lie back and enjoy while I pick up these dishes.” He was very proud of his comfort, but wanted her to feel comfortable and alone in the bedroom.
She did lie back, but only for a few moments. As she looked up above the bed, she noted a small skylight covered with a pillow. “What’s this?” she pointed upward.
“That? Oh, I like to look at the moon and stars when I go to bed, although actually, it is meant for air circulation.”
She returned to the living room/ kitchen/ office area. “This is quite a home. I can’t imagine why you didn’t show it to me before this.”
“I just feel most women wouldn’t approve of this as a home. It’s perfect for me and my line of work, but not exactly a white picket fence type home.”
“You have all you need and it’s convenient. What more could one want? Although, I agree, there is hardly a place for a companion. No closet space.”
“Wait. Let me show you.” He placed the last clean plate in the cabinet and opened a large door across from the refrigerator. It was a very deep closet with lower drawers. All unused. “And…” he went into the bathroom and opened several doors. “This is plenty of room for the clothing I need.”
“I guess the right wife wouldn’t mind a small place for clothing. But where do you put winter jackets and such?”
“I have adequate storage under the bed. I just lift the bed up and the area beneath holds 9 boxes about a foot high. There are several winter jackets there and in the summer time, I put the lighter clothing. Plenty of space.”
“How about kitchen appliances?”
“The full cabinet right across the front of the fifth wheel holds a great deal of stuff like that and there is even some extra space under the television.”
“Amazing. I really like it.”
“Me too. And I am glad you approve. Not too many women would.”
“I don’t know about you, but the home I grew up in was not all that elaborate or big. Not what you see here.”
“Thanks.”
“What about settling down with a family? Not all that much room for children if and when.”
“I don’t see that for a long time. My job requires me to be on the road. This way, I have all I need.”
The sun was beginning to set and Duncan insisted that they stay just a little longer to enjoy the view. So many colors dancing across the blue water and the white sail boats. True to her job, Heather started snapping photos. These scenes too would make great paintings. It did sound like a great idea for a bachelor to live in a place like this and travel to work. But a woman would want more space and that was a lot of desk space. It was all geared for him alone. What about a family, children? Someday, perhaps, she would definitely want children.

Chapter 10
Room 300

Heather turned lazily over in the huge four-poster bed. When she had gone to bed, she had just barely gotten through her shower and was exhausted. She had put in a full day of completing two of her paintings and almost the third in anticipation of taking two days off. Linda Sue never pushed her, but it was her own drive that kept her going. At least, that tired, if Ian’s ghost came around, she was too tired to feel his touch.
“Perhaps he doesn’t know I’ve moved to this new lovely room,” she almost laughed aloud. Heather looked around the room full of roses. The wallpaper was full of large and small pink, red and white roses. It looked as if there were thousands on the walls. The bed cover as well as the curtains that hung from the corners of the high posters was also covered with the same pattern of roses. In contrast, the small couch at the foot of the bed was striped with patches of other flowers. On the coffee table in front of the couch, were many of the amenities offered for the guests. The windows were covered only with plantation style white shutters without any other window treatment.
Still snuggling down into the warm covers, she mentally planned her day. It was Linda Sue’s birthday and they were going to meet for breakfast at the hotel restaurant. Then they were to spend a good part of the day just shopping. This was going to be their mutual birthday gift to each other. Heather’s birthday had already gone by, wonderfully celebrated with the new Ian, but today they would both celebrate, but how could the sprit return when he was alive and she would be seeing him today.
As she slid out of the comfortable bed, she found it was just a bit chilly. Thankfully the room had a fireplace that went immediately on by the touch of a switch. Before even putting on her robe, she flipped the switch. The warmth almost immediately reached her as she reached toward the fire heat. She knew there was a white terry robe hanging in the armoire, but she hesitated to use more of the hotel items than she actually needed. Heather knew the many luxury items had been placed there for the convenience of the guests, but her Scottish heritage wouldn’t allow for waste. She didn’t realize that the staff would change everything seemingly used or not when she left.
For a moment, the thought came to her mind that perhaps she felt as if she didn’t deserve such luxury. She had caused her fiancée’s death. What if they hadn’t argued? What if she had given in to his simple requests and he hadn’t gone to sea. What if she could have convinced him to give up the bachelor’s party? Then he would be alive and they would be in their home. She might have been pregnant with their first child by now. They would have been happy. Perhaps.
Heather looked out the windows to see what kind of weather there might be. As guessed, there seemed to be a light misty rain coming down. It didn’t matter at the moment. She walked over to her purse and retrieved a small plastic raincoat, something she always carried in Scotland. You never knew what to expect. In fact, she often just wore a regular MacIntosh raincoat almost every day in the rainy season.
Going to the closet, she looked through to try to decide what to wear. It was Linda’s birthday, so she wanted to make sure Linda Sue liked what she wore. There really was so little from which to choose, if she eliminated everything black and gray. For breakfast, fine dress wasn’t required, but Linda Sue would expect her to dress to impress. The art dealer had been such a good friend and employer that she really wanted to please her. There was that blue velvet skirt and blouse. It would really be too much, but it was pretty much all she had available.  She did love the rich blue color and it fit so well even with her weight loss. When they went shopping again, she promised herself that she would get several colorful outfits. Even she was tiring of the black and grays.
Looking in the mirror, she decided that this outfit looked great on her. In fact, she felt like a knockout in it.  Her short hair didn’t require any changes, but this kind of clothing did insist on a touch of makeup and...even a hint of perfume. She didn’t have any jewelry, so that wasn’t an issue. Swirling about in front of the mirror, she decided she couldn’t look any better. Her friend and boss would be pleased. She left for the restaurant.
The walk up the path was delightful. She even stopped to smell a flower. The brilliant colors, the perfect weather; it really felt like spring.
It was as if nothing wrong had ever happened. As if Ian had never gone to sea. What if he remembered her soon? She wondered how long it would take for his amnesia to be gone. She would have to get with that doctor again and ask more questions. How could she help him? What if she caused a problem with his memory return? She didn’t want to jeopardize his recovery. Even if he didn’t know her, at least she was near him and he wasn’t gone forever. But, this was something she would no longer mention to Linda Sue.
As usual, the restaurant had a few people waiting to be seated. She would put in her name for a table in the gazebo. It would be worth the wait. The room was so pleasant, especially with the garden view. As she approached the podium, the attractive hostess told her that Ms. Key was waiting for her in the gazebo room and she could just follow her.
“Linda Sue,” Heather was surprised at the sight of a birthday cake on the table. It was white covered with yellow roses and there were so many candles on it. ‘Where did that come from?”
Linda Sue was also dressed for the festivities, though a little more casual. She was wearing a lavender velour suit. Both jacket and pants were of a soft lavender while the top was of a deeper purple. She had such good taste, casual and perfect. She relied on colors to make her look distinctive.
“I ordered it for us.” she nodded toward the ornate cake. “We are entitled.” Linda Sue gestured for Heather to sit in the booth.
“But my birthday was a few days ago.”
“I thought we agreed to celebrate for both of us today.”
“We did, but I thought it was only to go shopping.
“No, it was for both birthdays. Wow!
“Hmm?”
“You, you look gorgeous. What did you do?”
“Oh,” Heather looked down at her wardrobe. “Oh, ay, I hoped this would please you.”
“Can I take your order?” their favorite waitress, Kim, asked. She always looked so nice, as did all of the wait servers at the Apple Farm Restaurant. Mentally, Heather noted that this was one of the things important to Duncan’s criteria of a good place to eat. How quickly she had learned the “tricks” of Ian’s new trade.
Heather had looked at the menu so often trying to decide what she could get away with in ordering a small meal; she knew it by heart. “I’ll have a scone, two eggs scrambled and bacon crisp with a cup of coffee.”
“Me, first the coffee and a California scramble and a big blueberry muffin. I do love that combination of spinach, mushrooms, ham, olives, tomatoes, green onions and two cheeses.”
“Whew!” Heather wiped off her brown mockingly.
Linda Sue continued talking to Heather as Kim walked away. “I really appreciate you dressing up so nicely. You look stunning.”
“Thank you. And, this is for you.” She handed Linda Sue a card size envelope.
The pretty blonde didn’t hesitate.  She quickly opened it to find a fun card containing a gift certificate to the J. Henry Manor Tea Room. “Thank you, but you cheated. This is the same thing as I gave you.”
“Good thinking. Actually, you ordering a decent meal is enough gift for me. I have been so worried about you.”
“I have been feeling more like eating lately. I guess it is the going out with….(she almost said Ian) Duncan to all these restaurants that has jolted my dormant appetite.”
“Hmm, is it the restaurants or the man?”
“The restaurants and his company are nice.”
“Speaking of that, he called me this morning to wish me a happy birthday and asked if we would meet him at Rosa’s tonight for a birthday celebration. It’s quite close to the gallery.”
“And?”
“Are you kidding? Would I turn down a free meal with a handsome man?”
For just the briefest of moments, Heather felt a twinge of jealousy. Was her friend interested in her fiancée? But no, she was just being jovial as usual. “No, not you. So we are going out with Duncan, but I thought he was going to be too busy for the next few days.”
“He said he had managed to get more work done than he anticipated and he also wanted to share some good news with us.”
“What good news?”
They were interrupted by their coffee arriving at the table. Before putting in her cream and sugar, Heather looked at Linda Sue as if requesting a quick answer.
“I don’t know.” Linda sipped her coffee black. “But I am for good news anytime.”
“So am I.” Heather wondered what it could be. She didn’t want to speculate, but what if….?
Before they had a chance to really discuss this, Kim brought them their breakfasts. “Will there be anything else, ladies?”
“No, I don’t think so.” Linda Sue looked at Heather waiting to see if there was anything else she needed. “Maybe more coffee soon?”
Kim nodded and walked off.
They dug into their breakfasts, Heather eating as if she had an appetite.
“I am so glad to see you eating like this.”
“Me too. I think I actually missed enjoying food. Duncan has taught me so much about the pleasure in dining.”
“I’m eternally grateful for that.”
The girls continued their meal talking little until the waitress returned asking if they wanted more coffee and did they wish her to light the candles.
They agreed to both. In moments, the candles were burning and Kim raised her hand to her fellow waitpersons. They immediately gathered about and sang Happy Birthday along with many of the other patrons. Both young women took deep breaths and blew as hard as they could. Not one candle was left burning.
“Did you make a wish?” Heather asked.
“I would never miss a chance for that, and you? What did you wish?”
Heather gave her a dreamy look. “Can’t tell or it won’t come true.”
“Never mind. I don’t need to know. I can guess. Let’s cut the cake and have Kim give some to the staff. This is too big for us.”
“When did you think you will have time to go to the tea room?”
“I know it is crazy, but why don’t we go shopping for a few hours and then head to the tea room in place of lunch. That way it won’t interfere with dinner tonight.”
“Fine with me. I could use some new clothes in colors. I’m ready to throw out everything that is black or gray.”
“And white too.”
“Now there’s just one more thing.”
“What’s that?”
“We walk to every store in the mall.”

Chapter 11
J. Henry Manor Tea Room

They drove to the tearoom at 508 Higuera Street in San Luis Obispo, trunk full of new purchases. Not one thing in black or gray for Heather. In fact, she was quite happy with purchasing a lavender plaid full length skirt and matching scarf that would be worn across the front of the blouse and down the back, held in place with her silver clan pin, Scottish style. That would be reserved for something special.
“You know, it’s kind of nice having a girlfriend to talk to, share things with, shop.
“I really haven’t taken time to make friends, much less take time to enjoy their company. The business is something I was determined to make a success. That took every minute of every day. It’s one thing to open the doors and hang a few paintings, but another to make that business work. It takes work. I had to learn what the locals and tourists wanted and then find it at the right prices.” Linda Sue explained.
“Is my art helping?”
“I’ll tell you more when we get inside.” Linda Sue stopped in front of a quaint old house. From what she had heard, this place was a hundred year old Victorian home, now a tearoom.
They went inside to the desk and gave their names. There seemed to be a pleasant odor of something as they entered; perhaps a caramel scent? All about were small tables set with lace tablecloths and dainty bone china cups, saucers and teapots. Almost everywhere were flowers, cards, and many other Victorian objects. Notable were other women enjoying tea and small sandwiches along with young ladies and little girls, probably enjoying their first tea parties. Some seemed to be dressed for the occasion even to wearing hats and white gloves. Heather smiled. The days of graciousness were not gone. They were led to a table. They both accepted the menus.
“If you don’t mind, I thought we could just have their tea for two. That’s a scone apiece, a few tea sandwiches, a nice selection of petite desserts with tea. I hear we should try the French Caramel Crème Brulee tea.”
“That sounds absolutely wonderful. I know I shouldn’t eat after that breakfast and with a dinner tonight, but all that walking, all that shopping. I’m starved.”
“I can’t say that, but I love a cuppa and think I could enjoy a scone. It’s like my auld hame. (old home)”
“I would be willing to bet that your old home isn’t like this,” Linda Sue laughed.
“No, you are right.” Heather took care to pronounce her words. ‘But a cuppa does remind me of home. There were so many Sundays after kirk, I mean church, we went to visit family and friends. There was always a pot of tea, scones, cookies, and other treats.”
The waitress brought the tea immediately. “Have you wondered why I haven’t spent much time with you lately in spite of Duncan asking me along?”
“Well, yes. But I thought you were too wrapped up in business.”
“That, but there’s another reason. I’ve met someone.”
The waitress came over and placed a tall layered dish containing many scones and treats along with a container of what she called clotted cream. They waited to continue their conversation until she had placed everything on the table.
“Met someone? Who? When? I mean tell me about him. What is his name?”
“He’s Richard.”
“You make it sound like saying his name is like singing.”
“No… we’ve only recently met and gone out a few times.”
“Linda Sue, I have to ask you. You’ve mentioned some kind of relationship that you were in recently. Can I ask what that was and what happened?”
“I don’t mind now. It’s been a while. I was married once, very happily, I thought. I know I put my heart and soul into the marriage.”
“I’m sorry. What did happen?” Heather picked at a small piece of scone.
There were a few tears in Linda Sue’s blue eyes.
“Oh, forgive me,” Heather put her hand on Linda Sue’s. “I’m so, so sorry. We don’t have to talk about it.”
“It’s alright. I need to talk. I’ve kept this in for so long now. But it is over and has been for a long time. I think I almost gave up on any relationship. And…now, after I’d planned on being along the rest of my life, there is this new wonderful man in my life. If I don’t share it, I’m going to burst.”
“Tell me. Tell me. How tall, what color eyes? And….?”
The waitress came over to ask if there was anything else they wanted.
They politely refused.
Heather begged Linda Sue to tell her more.
“We met when he came in looking for a painting for his mother’s birthday. He really impressed me when he spoke of her and then mentioned his two sisters who chose him to pick out what his mother would like. It proved to me that women were important in his life.”
“And…?”
“When he came back to pick up the framed painting, he brought me a cup of coffee, just the way I like it.”
“How did he know?”
“He saw the logo on the paper cup behind the counter went over there and asked them what kind I liked. Then he brought me some.”
“Amazing.”
“Then he asked me out to dinner. He even asked me what was my preference.”
“That is thoughtful. What made you choose to go with him?”
“I just felt like it was time. After the divorce, I made up my mind to make a success of a business. At that time, I wanted to show my former husband that I could succeed without him. And I did. I guess you could say Mr. Richard Brown showed up at the right time.”
“I shouldn’t ask, but how serious is this?”
“We’ve not gone that far. So far, we enjoy each other’s company. We have so much in common. It’s like our relationship fits both of us. We’re perfect companions.”
“That’s so wonderful. It’s almost too good to be true.”
“Sometimes I feel like that too.”
‘What does he look like, not that it matters?”
“He’s somewhat shorter than some men, but then I am short too. So that is fine. He’s about 5’7”. He’s around 150 pounds or so, but he has great arms, big biceps, which is a major turn on for me. And his eyes are the most delicious color of chocolate.” There was that special glint in her eyes.
Heather was so happy to see her friend happy with someone. She leaned forward, setting her cup of tea to the side. Looking in her eyes, she saw that the usual hints of sadness were gone. She gave a little sigh.
Linda Sue continued. He is so strong, but I was amazed and delighted when he first picked me up in his yummy arms. Now he does it all the time and I love it. Richard does have that wonderful little boy charm, but believe me, he’s all man. All man,” she repeated and smiled.
“Oh my, are there still great men out there?”
“Not many, but this is one.” Linda stopped to sip her tea. “This is so good.”
“And?”
“Alright. He is devoted to the women in his life, his mom and his two sisters. He has several tattoos and they look good on him. He is Italian and if he is an example of what Italian men are like, I wish I had chosen one before.”
Linda stopped and Heather hesitated. “Is there anything else you want to tell me? Anything at all?”
“I’m not sure. What do you want to know?” the smile had turned into a smirk.
“Oh, you tease. You know what I mean.”
“No, it’s your turn.”
“Hmm?
“Duncan. Is there anything you want to tell me about him?”
“You mean…. No, of course not. I wouldn’t. I didn’t even when we were engaged. I mean we wanted to, but I knew my mum would be disappointed in me. And now, well, your doctor did say I should not force any issue.”
“I promised myself I wouldn’t say anything about him, but you have been alone with him quite a bit including in his no-tell motel.”
“Honestly, he didn’t even try.”
“Would you have?”
“No, no, absolutely not. I mean if he were not Ian, I would be giving myself for the first time to someone who is almost a stranger. I want to be with Ian, but...oh, I’m so unsure. If Ian does get back his memory, I think I would still wait.”
“My, you sure have strong willpower.”
“And how is your willpower?”
“Now my situation is different. I have been married. I am really in love with Richard. And I love the way he loves me just truly loves me. He not only thinks that I am the greatest person in the world, but he treats me that way. He makes me feel like I am perfect and beautiful and just loved.”
“The rest is none of my business, but by the way you talk, seems like superman is not gone.”
Linda just smiled again and picked up one of the little sandwiches.
Saying little more, they drank their tea and scones as if they were just gentile ladies. “I’m happy for you and Richard.” the Scot was sincere.
Linda Sue reached into her purse to bring out the gift certificate and noted an envelope. “I’m sorry. I almost forgot in my haste to share my happiness with you. This came for you today. You don’t usually get any mail at the shop.”
“That’s because I don’t usually get any mail at all.” Heather took the envelope seeing it was from Scotland. “Oh, it’s from my pen pal, Debra Gail. I should have expected it.”
“Why so?”
“Debra and I have been pen pals for more years than I care to remember. One day, I was bemoaning the fact that no one had remembered my birthday. That was so long ago. Since then, not once, has she let a birthday go by without sending me a card.” There were tears streaming down her face. She pulled out a tissue to wipe them away.
“Now that is a true friend. How fortunate you are.” Linda Sue smiled at the tears. Odd how women will cry at being sad and shed even more tears at fond remembrances or just being happy.
“Yes, she is, as are you. The few friends we really have are so precious. Aren’t they? Always there, asking little if anything, but always there.”
“Let’s go before I start and get ready for dinner tonight. We’ll stop off at the hotel and get your things. We’ll take them to my house and get ready. The restaurant is very close to my house.”
Heather agreed and they left. “The tea room was a wonderful idea, Linda Sue. Thank you.”

Chapter 12
Rosa’s

Though they had discussed the facts about Duncan and Heather had agreed that some of the things might be improbable, she was still sure Duncan was Ian. No matter what, she was going to stick it out and hope that someday, his memory would return. Agreed; there were so many changes in the man over such a short time. But, he had to be her Ian. Why else would he look like him, sound like him? A serious accident as in surviving the North Sea would change him. It didn’t matter that the tiny photo was worn to the point she could barely make him out, she did have all her memories of all the time they spent together. Perhaps after she talked to the doctor, he might agree to let her give some strong hints to Duncan/Ian. Maybe then, it might stir his memory. “But,” she spoke aloud to herself, “I will make myself wait until the right time.”
Linda Sue drove them directly to Rosa’s in Pismo Beach for the early dinner with Duncan. He had been so excited when he called that he had asked them to meet him at 4:00 P M when the restaurant opened. When they arrived, they saw him sitting in his truck on the street at the side of the place.
He grabbed both ladies by their arms and quickly escorted them inside where they were warmly greeted by the owner, Mr.McMillan.
“Mr. Noble and ladies, we have your table ready. If you will, please follow me.” At the nod from the owner, a charming waiter led them to a table. The restaurant was so nice. There seemed to be a few separate areas in the large room and even an area outside on a balcony, although it appeared enclosed.
White tablecloths were on every table with lovely cloth napkins and exquisite chandeliers. The décor seemed to be Old World. Each of the wait staff were dressed in black slacks, black aprons and white shirts, very formal.
Heather looked at the menu commenting, “Italian. Great, but I’m not sure what to order. Can you please suggest something? Duncan?”
“Not for me.” Linda Sue had already chosen. She told Duncan of her choice. “I’ll have the Briciole. It’s one of my many favorites.”
Duncan ordered for her and added, “I’ll have the Tutto Mare and the other lady”, he gestured to Heather,” will have the Chicken Picatta. That’s a good beginning meal for you, Heather. I love all that seafood on linguini in the Tutto Mare.”
As the waiter left, Linda Sue turned to Duncan, “I know you are going crazy waiting to tell us what is going on. So out with it.”
“First of all, let me wish both of you a happy birthday.”
“We’ve already celebrated mine with that fabulous meal at your fifth wheel.”
“I know, but this is for both of you. Birthdays are special.”
“When is yours, Duncan, and how old are you?” Linda Sue smiled in her flirty way.
“Feb. 24, but if you don’t mind, I kind of don’t like to mention my advancing years.”
“Fine. Now what is your news? I know you are dying to tell us and I am dying to know.”
“I’ve been offered a great new job.”
“What about this one? Are you giving up your restaurant career?” Heather asked. She was dismayed obviously.
Duncan was pleased at her reaction. She would miss him. Again he was surprised at his own reaction. “No, this is in addition. I will be going first to Los Angeles and then a few other towns. And…if that isn’t enough, I have an offer to meet with a man in Washington State to discuss a book on traveling up the coast of California, Oregon and Washington.”
“To do what?” Linda Sue asked.
Soup, salad, bread beverages arrived.
Duncan waited while the waiter placed the food and beverages on the table. Heather couldn’t wait.
“How long will you be gone?”
Linda Sue asked, “What is this great job?”
“I’ll be writing articles and a book on the Highland Games in Ca. first and then other states. It will be a form of advertising.”
“What is the Highland Games?” asked the pretty blonde.
Heather began to speak, but Duncan was so enthusiastic, he continued. “The Highland Games are a gathering of Scottish people where they have various contests of skill, dancing, food…the wonderful food, people who help with genealogy of the Scots. It’s fabulous.”
“I didn’t know they had the games here.” Heather mentioned.
“Neither did I; never heard of them.”
“In Scotland, the games are the highlight of the year in almost every town. Every little lass plans on dancing the Heelan Fling (highland fling) and every wee lad practices the shot put, caber toss and a’( all).”
“Speak English, please. I’m not sure what you said.”
“Sorry, Linda Sue; a lass is a girl. A laddie is a boy. The Heelan Fling is the Highland Fling dance and the caber is the throwing of a like telephone pole.”
“I got to ask. Do the men wear the skirts?”
“Kilts!” Both Duncan and Heather corrected in unison and laughed.
“Ay.” Heather answered and then to Duncan, “When does this job start? Will you be gone very long?”
“No, just a few days at each place. The job starts in about a month. I just gather information, take photos and put it all together. Nothing to it.”
“That sounds wonderful.”
“But first, I have been invited to a ceileh about fifty miles north on the coast.”
“A ceileh? What is that?” Linda Sue asked.
“A ceileh.” Heather spoke so fast Duncan didn’t have time to answer. “That is a party, a gathering of Scots. There’s pipes, dancing, food, sometimes a few of the competitions that take place at the Highland games. You know, just for practice and fun.”
Duncan finally got a moment to speak. “Would you both care to go with me? It’s this Saturday. We can make it a day trip or stay overnight at my friend’s home.”
Linda Sue spoke up, giving Heather the look that said you know why. “Sorry, I can’t go, but Heather, why don’t you?”
Heather knew what she meant. She hadn’t forgotten the tearoom conversation. “I’d love to go.” If he was Duncan or if he was Ian, the more time she spent with him, the more she would have the chance to find out.
“Great. I’ll give Malcolm a call. I know his wife, Mari, will love to have someone to talk to from the old home.”
“Are you sure it will be alright for us to stay in their home? I mean do they have enough space?”
“They have a guest room which has already been offered to me, so you can stay there and I’ll bunk down in the family room.”
“But...”
“They have a very comfortable couch.”
The arrangements discussed, each began to eat the food in front of them. Heather was happy that he was getting a job he wanted, but it seemed he was becoming more Duncan than Ian.
“How do you like your chicken? I don’t have to ask how you like your meal, Linda Sue. It’s obvious.”
“It’s very good and how is your seafood dish?”
“Great, as always. This is the perfect place to impress my lovely friends.”
They continued their meal and were just about finished, when the waiter appeared.
“And will you be having dessert?”
Both of the ladies shook their heads in a negative manner. Linda Sue said, “No, no. I wish I could. They all sound so good, but I am full. I wouldn’t have even finished this, but it was too good not to.”
After completing the meal, they started to leave, when the owner, Mr. McMillan, came to them asking if everything was satisfactory.
“More than,” Duncan stated, “As usual, I can always count on you for a delightful meal and ambiance. Thank you.”

Chapter 13
California Coast

As usual, Duncan met Heather in the cozy lobby of her hotel. She wondered what time he had arrived. Somehow, he was always there ahead of her. And she was ten minutes early. She had already checked out of the hotel the previous evening and left her other suitcase at Linda Sue’s guest room. By the time she was to return in a few days, the room was expected to be complete. Heather would certainly miss this wonderful hotel. It had become like a luxurious home for her. She had come to know most of the staff as friends. She shed a little tear as she thought of not seeing any of them again. But Linda Sue had told her that they would come to the restaurant often. Heather might even come here when she just wanted a place in which to luxuriate. Or if Linda Sue needed some privacy.
But today was for Duncan. In the past few weeks, she had almost forgotten he was really her Ian. This man was so different from the man she had intended to marry. He was kinder, more thoughtful, more fun and much more caring. She thought of what she might do if he did get his memory back along with his old ways. Suppose he never recovered. Would he want her? Would she want him? Could they have any kind of a life when she knew what he had been? What if he regained his memory long after, when or if they did?

Heather descended down the grand staircase that led from the hall in front of her room to the lobby. As usual, there was a vase of fresh flowers on a table. Off at a small side table was the unique checkers set with small apples as checkers.
Heather wondered if this trip would be a right thing to do. Duncan had said that these people were friends, implying old friends. Ian wouldn’t have known anyone here. Was she wrong?
His melodious voice cut into her deep thoughts. “Hi, remember me? Are you all set to go?”
“Ay, I mean yes. I’m ready.”
“You know; I don’t care if you use the Scottish words. You already have accent. In fact, I kind of like it. Reminds me of my mom.”
“Do you hear from her often?”
“Yes, very often, but never enough. She’s a wonderful woman.”
She knew that Ian’s mother was gone. Was Duncan so deep in his amnesia that he created a mother? But she dared not say a word. She could hear the doctor telling her how dangerous it could be to force the issue.
“Let’s go.” She decided they had better get on the road before she slipped and said the wrong thing. Perhaps she would just enjoy this Ian.
He picked up her bag and escorted her to the parking lot. Looking around, she couldn’t see the familiar tan truck.
“I rented a car for this trip. More comfort for the drive.” He answered her unasked question. “It’s that white Cadillac over there.”
“That’s a gas guzzler.” She walked toward the large vehicle.
“No problem. I prefer comfort for my lady than skimping on fuel.” He bowed slightly as he opened her door and she sat in the maroon colored interior.  In moments he put her luggage in the trunk.
“Off we go,” he sat down next to her.
They drove out of the parking lot and were soon on the freeway heading south.
“Just a wee deoch  an doris, ( note: this is a drink offered to travelers in Scotland, an old custom) just a wee drap, that’s a’.Just a wee deochan doris, before we gang awa. (go away) There’s a wee wife waitin’ in the wee butt n ben. (a small house with a few alcoves for bedrooms) If ye can say, “It’s a braw bricht moonlicht nicht (bright moonlit night)”, ye’re aricht, ye ken. (you are alright, you know)” Duncan sang away as if he were alone in the large white car.
“That’s an oldie. Where did you learn that?”
“Every time there was a gathering of Scottish friends at my home that was one of the favorites. Should I stop?”
“No, as a matter of fact, I enjoy hearing you sing the Scottish songs. Do you know any others?”
“Sure do but you will hear hundreds of songs at the ceileh. Why don’t you get out the thermos of coffee and pour us a cup and we can just talk, if that is okay.”
Heather was about to ask if he had brought tea, but decided it wasn’t all that important. Strange, his voice was so similar to Ian’s, but she never knew Ian to break out in any song. He was far too serious for that. How could a man change so much? How nice it would be when he regained his memory if he would stay with all these new good qualities. She poured them both a cup and handed him his.
“I hope you like it this way. If not, we can stop and get some different or tea or whatever suits you.”
“No, this is fine. Coffee is still new to me, so I have no set way to prefer it. This tastes good.”
“I’m sure you will enjoy this trip. If you are hungry, we can stop along the way. There are nice places in Cambria. Or we can continue on.
“Yes, let’s go on.” She didn’t mention that she would prefer not to eat at that time. “Haven’t you ever gone to a bad restaurant?”
“Sure. That’s how I know the good ones. I’ve gone to many bad ones; well, not bad, just not the best at least once. It’s not often that I would give them a second chance. I don’t have time for that in my line of work. And few people will return if they have one meal that is not the best.”
“Any interesting ones other than where we have been?”
“Many I’ve yet to share with you. And there have been some others in other places. I’m saving some of them for an upcoming book I will write in my uhm, spare time.” he laughed. Such a hearty wonderful laugh.
“Tell me about them, please.” This man was entrancing. Nothing like her Ian.
“There was this one in Missouri. It’s a real cave.”
“You ate in a dirty old cave?”
Again, he laughed. “Far from it. Let me tell you about it. The manager of the trailer park suggested I go back on the freeway one exit and go north on the road about seven miles. Then when I came to a dirt road, turn left for two miles until I came to a parking lot.”
“A parking lot?”
“Yes, then I had to wait until a van came to pick me up.”
Heather just looked at him in amazement.
“The van driver showed me that the road to the restaurant was so narrow, actually a road through an old campground. Now, I want you to keep in mind, that, at the time, my ankle was in a cast and I was on crutches. It was only a bad sprain, but think about it when I tell you, he drove up to a cliff, stopped and pointed up. Up about 100 feet with a circular stairway going up. I asked if that was the restaurant. He smiled and nodded. Before I could get a chance to ask to go back, he brought me a little further to an elevator.”
“That was fortuitous.”
“I found out that they had stopped using the staircase some years ago. When I got out of the elevator, I was led to a table covered with the traditional checkered tablecloth. I could see that all the walls were natural rock. They had a waterfall and a fishpond inside also of natural rock. There were several stuffed wild cats and even some bats hanging from the ceiling.”
“How was the food?”
“Spectacular. I had bar b que beef and some dino wings they give to children.”
“Real dinosaurs?”
“No, just a name they give them. They’re more of a chicken wing with an appropriate and interesting name. When I went out to the balcony from the restaurant, I could see the 100 feet down to the road and yet another 112 feet to the river below. It was awesome.”
“Any more interesting ones?”
“Many, including one under a waterfall with a partial glass roof where you can see the immense waterfall coming down. It’s at Multnomah Falls in Oregon.”
He stopped and pointed up the hill. Someday I just have to take you to that place. But we won’t have time today.”
“What is that?”
“That is the famous Hearst Castle.”
“A castle here?”
“Yes, you’ve never heard of it. I thought everyone knew of the castle. It belonged to the famous newspaperman, William Randolph Hearst. Years ago, as a young boy, he saw this stretch of land along this dramatic stretch of ocean. When he grew older and very wealthy, nothing would do but he would build what he called, his weekend ranch retreat. I guess most people have dreams of achievement. I believe it was in 1919 that he began with the construction, which took nearly thirty years. If I remember right, he was just about finished when he passed on. In actuality, I don’t believe it is complete yet.”
“How sad. How very sad to work so long on something and to not see it complete.”
“Not really. I believe he enjoyed the journey more than he would have the final project.”
“What is there?”
“Everything. A palace filled with priceless treasures and antiques. About 165 rooms for all his movie star guests along with many other notable people. Acres and acres of gardens, including a stunning Neptune pool. And to top it off, whenever a meal was served, just to add to the “ranch” atmosphere, there were always bottles of catsup and jars of mustard on the huge tables. This among priceless works of art.”
“I would love to go. I really enjoy all the places you have taken me. In fact, there are so many places you mention that sound interesting.”
“I’m glad. In fact, I really enjoy your comments on the places. It’s good to see them with your gorgeous green eyes.”
“Why thank you.” Heather had almost forgotten that this man could be her fiancé. In so many ways, he was like her Ian, but in just as many, he was not. Perhaps for now, she would try to forget her turmoil.

Chapter 14
The Ceileh

“Now, I hope you are an understanding woman,” Duncan began.
Heather looked about the parking area in front of the farmhouse. There were several signs saying Park Here, but there were only a few other vehicles, not the many she had expected.
Duncan noted her look and was quick to explain. “We are a wee bit early. The ceileh doesn’t start until later on this evening. I told Malcolm we would come early enough to give him and Mari a hand with setting up. There will also be a few others coming early. That is how we do, as you know.”
“I know.” Heather smiled, “It’s the way of our people.”
Duncan was relieved she wasn’t upset with him. But he did want to spend as much time with her in the company of friends. Perhaps it would be the right time to… He didn’t want to really think too much about that. In time. But it would have to be the right time.
He took her by the hand and led her to the front door. “I’ll come out and get the luggage shortly.”
Reaching the door and knocking, Heather smiled to see the all too familiar sign. “Cead Mile Failte.”
The door opened and a very tall, very muscular man greeted Duncan with a big hug. Heather’s first thought was that this huge red haired man could win any caber toss. He echoed the words on the door, “One hundred thousand welcomes. And is this the wee lass (female) you told me about?”
Before he got a chance to answer, Heather spoke up. “It’s so good to hear that brogue. I’ve missed it so.”
“Ah yes, lass, no matter how long we are from hame (home), we ne’r (never) get enough of the tongue. Well, lassie, you’ll be a hearin’ it as much as you can stand it. Come along, I want you to meet my wee wifee. (wife)”
He brought her into the kitchen. It was a typical country style kitchen, full of delicious smells. The heavy set woman standing stirring a pot on the old black stove turned about as they entered. Malcolm introduced her to Heather. “This is my wee sweet wifee, Mari. Isn’t she a beauty?”
Heather didn’t know what to say. She guessed that either her host was kidding or he really saw this lovely woman as small and stunning. Perhaps with the eyes of love, he did see her that way.
Mari smiled a soft loving smile. Her long dark brown hair was tied back. If Heather had guessed, she would have imagined her to weigh a little over two hundred pounds. A good match for the large man. “Ah, child, ten thousand welcomes to our humble home. I hear you’re staying for the ceileh (party or gathering). Why don’t you set at the table and I’ll pour you a cuppa. I’ll get out some sweeties (cakes, cookies, and such) for you.”
“No, no please. We’ve eaten only a short time ago and I really would prefer to help. I remember how much work is involved.”
“You go on, Malcolm; we’ll get along just fine.” Mari shooed the big man out the door. “Put that young laddie (male) to work with you. We need more tables out on the deck. And do you have the stage flooring down?”
Malcolm rushed out the door laughing. I’m off, woman. If I stay here much longer, you’ll have me re-building the house.”
“And Heather, is it? You are I are taking a wee break to have a cuppa before I put you to work. I could use the break.”
So much like her own mum. Heather did miss her. “Of course. I guess there is always time for a cuppa.”
Mari poured tea into bone china cups. “These are from my mum. I always use them for someone special.”
“Thank you, Mari.” Heather sipped her tea. “What would you like me to do?”
“When we finish the tea. Do you know how to make bridies (meat pies)?”
“Of course. We always have the Forfar bridies.”
“Good. We’re short about fifty or so. Then I can get out the mealie puddings (Oatmeal sausages). Everything else is ready.”
“What time do we have to get it out?”
“Let’s see. Its two thirty and the others won’t be gathering until seven. The men are getting tables set up outside under the tents and I believe, and they had better, have the dancing floor set up in the barn.”
“Show me the table where I can work.”
“Time enough. Why don’t you tell me a little bit about yoursel’ (yourself)? What part of the auld (old) country are you from?”
“Rosehearty. It’s near Aberdeen in Aberdeenshire.”
Och! Ay, I know the place. We have many friends there and in Fraserburgh. In fact, we are both from clan Fraser. What clan is yours?”
“I’m a MacIntosh from Clan Chatham, but we have a few affiliations. My mum is American, but is living in Scotland now.”
“You’re newly over. What brought you here?”
Heather hesitated. She didn’t want to tell anyone about Ian. She wasn’t ready for that. Not yet.
“I was offered a job doing some art work for a shop in Grover Beach. I’m a seascape artist.”
“That sounds like a wonderful opportunity. So many artists work never earn a penny while they live, so I hear. Are you doing well?”
“Very well, so far.”
“That’s good. Well, now that we are through with the tea, let’s get on wi’ it (with it). I have that table set up with the piecrust and the meat is setting next to the stove. You do know how to make the pies?”
“I’ve been making them most of my life. Do you have any particular recipe or should I use my own?”
“I’ve got many made my way. You go on and make them your way. Just let me know if you need anything.”
“Is there anything else we can make as well?”
“No, we have so many women bringing their specialties, I’m sure we have ten times the food we need. Although with all the dancing and piping and such...” her words trailed off as she was slicing up the mealie puddings for frying later.
Mari, Mari,” a shrill call came from the back door. An elderly woman came in carrying a covered dish.
“And what do we have there, Bonnie Jean?”
“Why, I’ve brung the Haggis, as always. And the whiskey sauce,” said the old woman.
“Isn’t that usually served on Robbie Burns’s day?”
Mari laughed at Heather’s question. “My dear, it is the tradition, but we make up our own rules here. At a ceileh, anything goes. We a’tak (all take) to the Haggis. You do, don’t you?”
“I’m a true Scot,” she answered.
“Good lass,” the older woman spoke as she put the silver tray down.
“Is Betsie bringing the Clootie Dumplings (dumplings steamed while wrapped in a cloth – clootie) and the oat cakes? She does make the best oat cakes.”
“Yes, she is on her way. Seems like she asked her mom for the recipe a long time back and her mom, being up in years, forgot some of it. When Betsie followed the recipe, they turned out even better. So she is in charge of them all the time now.”
“Good. I think I will ask her for the recipe.”
Another shout came from the front door.
“Come on in, Ina, we’re all in the kitchen. As the very attractive young woman entered, Mari pointed to the counter. “Put your Cock a Leekie on there.”
“Looks like we will have it all.” The older woman seemed delighted. “Is there anything better than that fine dish from Edinburgh? That’s chicken and leek soup, my dear.” She spoke to Heather.
“Mam, I am from Rosehearty and not that long ago. I’ve missed cock a leekie, rumbledethumps and clootie dumplings, not to mention Haggis. My mum taught me to make the clootie dumplings when I could barely reach the table. I loved adding all the currants, raisins, sultanas and the rest of the fruits to the mix and placing it in the cloth (or clootie) to steam.”
“Well you must be Scottish born to know of rumbledethumps.” The pretty girl spoke up. She was so attractive Heather was impressed. Her hair was her most astonishing feature. It was long, black and very shiny. Heather had never seen such pale beautiful skin. She introduced herself as Christina.
“Not only know of them, but made them many a time for dinner. Potatoes, cabbage, onions and cheddar cheese. Doesn’t sound like much, but when prepared right, it was delicious.”
Heather had been working along as she talked with the women. This was like home before Ian’s disaster. She placed the pans of bridies in the oven with one more set to the side to go in when those were done.
“Anyone for a cuppa?” Mari offered as they gathered at the round table. There was plenty of room for all of them.
And look what I have here.” Mari placed a plate of black buns on the table. “I made these for the women. We all work so hard for this ceileh.”
“What do you use in your black buns?” Heather asked.
“A lot. Butter, flour, caster sugar, egg yolks, raisins, currants, diced mixed peel, almonds, allspice, ginger, cinnamon, whiskey, cream of tartar, baking soda, buttermilk, and crystal sugar along with our usual pie crust mix.”
“I remember my gram used to spend so much time making her crust.” Heather said. “She would mix it, roll it out and butter it. Then she would roll it up and place it in the ice box for an hour. After that, she would repeat and repeat that process several times. She would tell me that the time she used on the crust was well worth it. And it was.”
“That’s pretty much the way I make it,” Mari was pouring more tea.
Just then, Malcolm came in followed by Duncan. “When is our meal ready?”
“In about an hour. We’re just having our tea.”
“Looks like more than tea. Where’s ours? We’ve been working so hard out there.”
“Alright, you can join us for tea and black buns, but the meal won’t be all ready until the others arrive with the rest.”
“Black buns!” Duncan reached quickly. Forget the tea. I’ll have a few of these.”
“Duncan Noble, you’ll have only two. No more. You’ll spoil your meal.”
“As if I could. I’ve been looking forward to this since you told me about the ceileh at the Fraser gathering.”
“That’s where we met this young lad,” Malcolm offered.
“For the first time?” Heather asked.
“Why yes.”
“I was doing a story on the gathering. I met them there and couldn’t resist this invitation to the ceileh.” Duncan explained, his mouth almost full of the delicious black bun.
“Oh,” the only thing Heather could say. So he didn’t really know these people for a long time. He had only just met them.
A few more people showed up and both Heather and Duncan were introduced. More food joined the dishes on the counter. It would appear that Mari was right. There was more than enough food. Heather felt a touch of pride when she placed her Forfar Bridies along with the rest.
Soon, Malcolm announced that the bane fire (bonfire) had started and all were to come out bringing the food to the outside tables where they could all gather. Almost instantly bagpipes and fiddles were produced and the music began.
For starters, while everyone was eating, Malcolm got up in front of the fire and began singing.
Duncan rose from Heather’s side and joined him. As he did, another young man rose and picked up the bagpipe. He began to play. It was as if he already knew what they were going to sing. Malcolm began in a deep strong voice. Duncan joined in with his warm melodious voice.
“Oh flowers of Scotland, when will we see your like again? That fought and died for our wee bit hill and glen (valley) and stood against him, Proud Edward’s army and sent him homeward tae (to) think again.
The hills are bare now and autumn leaves lie thick and still o’er land that is lost now which those so dearly held and stood against him, proud Edward’s army and sent him homeward tae think again.
Those days are passed now and in the past they must remain, but we can still rise now and be the nation again that stood against him. Prince Edward’s army and sent him homeward tae think again.”
The audience clapped hard. Malcolm announced that they would now all sing Scotland the Brave.
All rose to their feet. This was their national anthem. They might all be far from home, but none would forget that Scotland was their “hame”.
“Hark where the night is falling. Hark hear the pipes a calling loudly and proudly calling down the glen. There’s where the hills are sleeping. Now feel the blood a leaping high as the spirits of the old highland men.
Towering in gallant fame Scotland my mountain hame, high may your proud standards gloriously wave. Land of my high endeavor, land of the shining river, land of my heart forever, Scotland the Brave.
High in the misty mountains out by the purple highlands, brave are the hearts that beat beneath Scottish skies. Wild are the winds to meet you, staunch are the friends that greet you, kind as the love that shines from far maidens eyes.” They continued with another chorus, “Hark hear the pipes a calling…..”
“Before you all go a dancing, we have a meal set up on the tables. So let’s all go and gather round.” Mari shouted above the din. She whispered to Heather, “If I let them, the food will get chilled before they stop dancing enough to sit down. So we will eat first.”
“Mari,” Heather called her by the name; everyone did. “It’s getting kind of late for the games or aren’t we having them? I just thought...”
“Right you are. This is a very important day for Malcolm and me. It is our fiftieth anniversary, so we decided to have an evening ceileh for our closest friends and then have the traditional gathering tomorrow with the caber toss, dancing contest, pipe and drum, a few other games and of course, we can’t do without the kilted half mile race. For all the real competitions and such, you would have to attend one of the Highland Games. I’m sure Duncan can gie (give) you a list or perhaps even tak (take) you to some.”
“Are all the men competing in the kilt race?” Heather asked.
“Why you wee naughty one.” Mari laughed heartily. “Ay all men who come are required to compete. It’s the joyous part of the day for us ladies, or should I say non-ladies?”
“I did bring a kilt or two for myself.” Heather offered.
“That’s good. But if your man forgot to bring one, we have plenty about.”
“He’s not…” the young woman started to explain, but fortunately Mari was called away. Heather decided to join the rest at the tables.
“Thought you’d gone away.” Duncan kidded her as he offered her a place next to him on the bench. “You’ve got to try the mealie pudding and the rumblethumps and the cock a leekie soup and the clootie dumplings and…”
“Stop, stop. I'll be putting on weight just by the sound of your voice.”
“That you can stand. I apologize. I have no right to reviewerize. You look fine, but I think with just a few pounds…”
Heather chose to say nothing rather than respond. She didn’t know what to say. He was right, as was Linda Sue. Even she was beginning to feel like she would look so much healthier if she could manage to gain a little. Perhaps with the company of Duncan, she might. He was trying hard enough. Perhaps he wanted her to look like she did when they were last together before the argument.
They both turned their attention to the massive amount of food that was in front of them. The others all seemed to be paying attention to the food as well. It was a fine evening. Heather could hardly wait to tell her friend all about it. But Linda Sue was on her own creating her own memories.

Chapter 15
The Gathering

Almost everyone at the tables was leaning back, so full they were uncomfortable. Several of the women were already gathering up the food to put it away. Mari didn’t even need to direct them. They all knew what to do.
In moments, they were all gathered around the tables. Malcolm rose and signaled to the fiddler, a spry older man of about 80. Heather surmised that he might be the man who came with the little older lady who had brought the haggis and whiskey sauce.
He began a light toe tapping song and Malcolm began.
“Step we gaily on we go, heel for heel and tow for tow, arm in arm and row on row, all for Mari’s wedding.
Over hillways up and down, myrtle green and bracken brown, past the shieling through the town all for the sake of Mari.
Another chorus and all joined in. “Step we gaily….”
Red her cheeks as rowans are bright her eye as any star, fairest of them all by far is my darling Mari.”
They continued with the chorus, “Step we gaily…”
“Plenty herring, plenty meal, plenty peat (fuel) to fill her creel (basket), plenty bonny bairns (babies) as weel. That’s the toast of Mari.
The whole crowd sang two more choruses.
Mari joined in with tears rolling down her full cheeks. “That’s the song we sang on our way to our wedding. So many years ago, so many.”
“Ah, my wee lassie, are you shedding your tears again?” He turned to the others. “My bride ne’er could control her tears. My love, tonight we celebrate fifty years of joy.” He motioned to the back of the room and almost immediately one of the men dressed in full kilt regalia, playing the bagpipe. Behind him, also dressed in kilt, another man carrying the large silver tray. It was covered with a cloth. Although it was not traditional, next came Bonnie, the little older lady holding high a bottle of Scotch. The piper stepped to the side while the man with the tray set it down and commenced to recite the lengthy poem by Robbie Burns.
“This is not Hogmanay (New Years).” Heather said.
“No, but it is a special day of celebration,” said Malcolm. “This is how we choose to celebrate fifty years together.”
Bonnie took the bottle and filled up each one’s small glass with the drink, while a few of the ladies rose to serve plates of the Haggis covered with the whisky sauce. They all raised their glasses and started singing Happy Anniversary. Heather was so choked up with emotion that she could barely join in. Such a delightful happy couple.
Bonnie’s husband stood and raised his glass for a toast. “May the best ye’ve ever seen be the worst ye’ll ever see, may a moose (mouse) ne’er leave yer girnal wi’ a tear drap in his e’e. May ye aye keep hale and hearty till ye’re auld enough tae dee. May ye aye be just as happy as I wish ye aye to be.”
(May the best you’ve ever seen be the worst you’ll ever see. May a mouse never leave your house hungry. May you keep hale and hearty until you’re old enough to die. May you always be as happy as I wish you to be.)
Malcolm handed Mari a large box. Without any hesitation, she ripped off the red plaid paper and opened the box. She held up the contents for all to see. It was a white flag with dark blue St. Andrews Cross on it. The words around the center of the cross were Air Son Gradh Na h Albann.
“For the love of Scotland.” She read. “How wonderful. We can fly this in front of the hoose. (house) Did you design this, Malcolm?”
“No, lassie. I dinna (did not) do it, though I wish I had. It's from the Scottish Society of Central California. I knew how important the flags are to you.”
Mari grabbed the big man and gave him one big kiss. “Thank you, my big man. Thank you. Now, let’s get on wi (with) the dancin’ before I start crying.”
Malcolm had one word, “Ha.” And the rest started laughing. She had been crying most of the evening. Tears of joy.

Chapter 16
The Games Begin

For the first time in months, Heather slept late; so comfortable under the down quilt she didn’t want to get up. That was until she recalled what the new day would bring. It was as if she were home. All was well. Ian was alive and things were the same as they had been. It was all a bad dream.
Slowly she opened her eyes to see the unfamiliar room. The furniture was old and dark wood. There were heavy maroon drapes on the window, allowing only a little bit of bright sunlight into the room. Then she remembered.
“Heather. Heather.” Mari’s soft voice called. “Are you alright.”?
“Come in.” Heather threw the covers off and placed her feet into her house slippers and put on her robe.
“I’m sorry to disturb you, but I was a wee bit concerned.
“I don’t usually sleep so late. I’ll be showered and dressed quickly.”
“No need to rush, dearie. I’ve got breakfast ready. The men are setting up more tables and after that will be more than happy to eat. I’ll go and let you get ready. Meet you at the kitchen table.”
Within the half hour, Heather rushed to the kitchen. Not sure what she would have to do, she had still worn a white long sleeved lacy blouse and full-length lavender kilt. “Do you have an apron? I wasn’t sure…”
“Ay, dearie, I’ve many an apron. They’re hanging on the back of the pantry door. Tak yer (take your) choice.”
“What can I do?” the young woman was prepared to help.
“Go out the back door and call for the men. I have breakfast ready.”
Heather quickly did as she was bid, thinking she didn’t need an apron for this.
Malcolm and Duncan came in and sat at the table as Mari bid Heather to join them.
“But,” Heather began.
“I’ve got it all under control.” Mari laughed.
“What happened to all the people who were here last night? I’m sorry I had to get to bed early, but...”
“Dinna worra, (don’t worry) child,” Malcolm laughed. They were all our neighbors and dearest friends. We have kind of established a Scot community here. They all came for the anniversary and went on to their hames. Today, they all return along with many many many more. Should be about a hundred or so.”
“Oh, my, hadn’t we better get going with the food and stuff?” she began to rise.
“Set yersel (sit yourself) down.” Mari said. “It’s all under control. You just get your breakfast. There’s porridge (oatmeal), scones, scotch eggs, and I’ve warmed up the rumblethumps. Coffee or tea?”
“I’m having coffee,” Duncan held up his cup, as if requesting a re-fill.
“Wrong house, wrong woman, young man. Help yersel.”
Malcolm just laughed while Heather reached for the teapot. “I’ll just have a cuppa.”
Breakfast was barely over when a few people began arriving. First came Bonnie and her fiddle-playing husband. Within minutes, two elderly ladies came in, introduced as sisters, Christina and Marjorie. Each carried large containers and was told to place them in the kitchen with the rest. Mari got up, told them to finish their breakfast and went about playing hostess. Everyone was escorted outside.
Heather couldn’t finish the food. She had to go and help Mari. Duncan and Malcolm were both out the door. They could hear the sounds of cars parking out front. A hundred people would soon be milling about. Several women were soon coming in carrying various containers of food. They too were directed where to put the dishes and asked to join the others outside. Heather decided she would join Mari and the other women. She hardly had time to introduce herself when Duncan came and whisked her away to the group gathering by the men tuning up to play the pipes and drums.
“I know you miss this. Listen to those pipes. Only a good Scot would enjoy this.”
He was right. As a child, she had learned that this was the music of joyful entertainment. “Thank you, but I think I would have heard it no matter where I was on the place.”
“Come away then. Let’s watch the dancers.”
He led her off to another area where he and Malcolm had set up the dancing floor on the grass outside. Already little children were gathering and practicing. The awards and loving cups were displayed so that each child could see what they might win should their dancing catch a judges eye. Heather sat down on a nearby bench to watch. She had won a few awards herself, not all that many years ago.
A small little girl, about five years old, she thought, sat down next to her. Blonde hair neatly tied back, wearing a gray, green kilt, stockings and dancing shoes, she was ready to join the others practicing. “Is it okay to sit here with you?” she asked.

Heather nodded. Duncan stood next to them watching.
“I don’t think I can do as good as them.” She pointed to several of the dancing children.
“Why not?”
“Most of them go to the school for dancing. My mom taught me.” She looked so sad.
Heather had gone through a similar experience and understood. “Did you know in Scotland, there are very few schools in the small towns, like where I was raised?”
“No. Did you dance?”
“Certainly. Almost all little girls in Scotland dance.”
“How did you learn?”
“Why my mum taught me. Most mums teach their children and papas teach the boys to play the pipes.”
“They do” the child looked astonished. “Did you ever win one of those?” she pointed to a large silvery cup.
“Many. If you like, I’ll tell you a secret.”
The child nodded, her eyes wide.
“When a mum who loves her daughter so much as to teach her the dancing, the girl often wins many medals and cups. I did.”
Such a happy bright smile took over the girls face. “Watch me,” she asked as she rose to show Heather her dance.
“That was a nice thing to do.” Duncan said. “I guess you understand her feelings.
“I do.”
“Did you win a lot of medals and such?”
“I did.”
“So will you save a dance for me?”
“I will,” Heather smiled. Today was going to be a happy one.
They watched the children for a while and then went on to watch the caber toss.
Malcolm was there waiting his turn. Heather was certain he would win this with his huge hulk.
Malcolm turned to Duncan. “There you are. Been looking for you.”
“Oh, no. I said I would participate where I could, but this isn’t it. I could barely lift a big stick, much less the caber. That’s a telephone pole, isn’t it?’
“Yes, it is, but that’s not what I need you to do.”
“Great. What do you need me to do?”
“Go into the hoose. (house) Mari has laid out a kilt and such for you in the guest room. I know it may not be your plaid, but it will fit.”
“I’m really not a kilt kind of man.”
“Ah weel, (Oh well) you need be today. There’s the race all men have to join in. You don’t have to win it, but you do have to run it.”
“In a kilt?” Duncan asked a bit skeptical.
Heather didn’t hold back the laughter.
“Yes, lad, it’s tradition. Do you see any other man here not wearing our national garb?”
Duncan shook his head.
“Then go lad and come out looking like a real man.
Heather said, “Go ahead. I’ll be over there with the women at the food tables and added, “This I got to see.”
A short time later, Duncan joined her, obviously uncomfortable wearing a white shirt, plaid stockings in his own shoes and the beautiful kilt of the MacIntosh plaid complete with sporran hanging properly from his waist.  Heather recognized the plaid, of course, immediately. “Did you know that is my family plaid?”
“No, I was more interested in the length or lack of it. He whirled about while holding down the material. “Does this look good on me?”
“You look like every other man here.”
Mari came up to them, looking admiringly at the young man. “Ah, now you’re well dressed. I hope you like the colors.”
“Actually, that’s my plaid.” Heather offered.
“Lovely. Now you two wander about. We’re going to have the race just before lunch. You’ll hear the bell and Malcolm will announce. The children will do their dancing during and after the meal. I’m sure Malcolm has won the caber toss already. He always does.” She smiled and shooshed them away.
Mari was right. Malcolm was wearing the caber toss medal as he approached them. “You look good, lad. Got a question to ask you.”
Duncan looked up.
Malcolm put his hand to the side of his face as if to whisper, but kept the same tone of voice. “What are you wearing under that kilt?”
“I thought that was a well kept secret. Do you really want me to tell you and spoil the surprise when we run the race?”
Malcolm guffawed. “You’re right, laddie. Let’s keep them in suspense.
The couple continued walking around the large farm. They introduced themselves to many as they went by. Heather was enjoying herself immensely. This was like home.
A bell sounded and Malcolm went on the loudspeaker to announce the kilt race. “All you men gather over here.” He gestured to the place where ropes had been set up in a circular area. “This is 1/8 of a mile. We will all run round it four times until we have reached the half-mile. Each man’s lady will wave a colored scarf to let you know that you have run that part. Green for 1/8, blue for ¼, yellow for 3/8 and red for the half mile. Each of you ladies, go to the mile mark and gather your flags.”
The men came forward and after each getting into place, Mari fired the starting pistol. Even Bonnie’s elderly husband got in line to run. The men took off. Bonnie’s husband, a bit stooped, walked a few paces, smiled, took the red scarf from his wife’s hands and sat down. He had, at least, been in the race.
The men running, kilts flapping in the breeze, the women screaming for their men, it was exciting.
Every so often, a woman would shout and point to an individual man. Heather noted that in spite of them joshing, the kilts came down as fast as they went up with no way to tell what the men wore under the kilts.
She waved her flags in proper order as Duncan ran around the track. In truth, she noted that the man was taking more care in holding down the kilt than winning the race. By the time her red scarf fell, four men had already crossed the finish line. She didn’t know the first three, but Malcolm had come in fourth.
He was presented with a loving cup of about three inches in height. He held it as high as anyone who had won the Olympics.
“How many years have you won that same cup?” chided Bonnie.
“This is the third. The other one was a fifth place ribbon. It’s not important if you win, it’s how you run the race. At least I dinna spend all my time holding the kilt in place. He laughed and pointed toward Duncan.
“I’m trying not to shock the ladies,” he retorted.
Many joined in the laugh. Even though Duncan was dressed in stockings up to the top of the kilt, with full blousy shirt, he was feeling uncomfortable as if he were not even dressed.
He had such a sheepish grin, like a young boy caught doing some prank; Heather couldn’t see him as Ian, not at that moment. Was it possible that a man could look so like another and not be him? Was she seeing this near look alike with eyes that wanted to bring her love back to life? Could she have been wrong all this time?
She looked at him again. If he wasn’t Ian, he was so nice to be with. Duncan was everything she had wanted in Ian. He was devoid of all Ian’s flaws. Was it possible that she was beginning to care for this man? If so, would it be because he was so much like her fiancée or was it because he wasn’t? How much was she beginning to care?
They had decided to acquiesce to Mari’s request to spend one more night at the farm. Although San Luis Obispo was only a few hours' drive away, they had a strenuous day full of excitement. “No sense in going awa’ without a rest.” She had said to them. Duncan looked at Heather for her answer and she agreed.
Again, he slept alone on the couch in the family room. As usual, Duncan remained the perfect gentleman.

Chapter 17
The Drive Home

After a hearty breakfast and some sad goodbyes, Duncan escorted Heather back to the car. The weather was so perfect, the sky such a vivid blue with many fluffy clouds above.
As soon as he started the car, Duncan asked Heather what she had thought of the past few days.
“It’s like being home. I loved it. I loved Mari, Malcolm, everyone. The food was fantastic. I hate to admit it, but I couldn’t get enough. Everything tasted wonderful.”
“Perhaps that is why you fail to eat. You miss your comfort foods.”
“Could be.”
“Then I’ll have to find more places that serve what you like or really become a chef of Scottish foods.”
“That’s too much work for you to do for me.”
“No, not at all. There isn’t much I wouldn’t do for you, Heather.”
She didn’t know what to say. If he were Ian and remembering their relationship, that would be wonderful. But, if he were Duncan, she didn’t feel she had the right to enter into a new relationship. In truth, she wouldn’t know why she would start up something with a new man. Would it be because of the startling similar looks? Or would it be because she really cared for this man? Had she given herself enough time?  Linda Sue had constantly told her she should get on with her life. She was way too young to stop living. The time for mourning was over, or it should have been.
“Oh,” she cried out as they came near the Hearst Castle. “I know we don’t have enough time to tour the castle and we didn’t make reservations. But could we stop off at the beach area and take photos, please? This was one of the areas Linda Sue had in mind for me to paint. In fact, I do recall that she felt she could sell some of the artwork up there at the castle gift shop. She had in mind several small ones that were the right size for tourist luggage.”
Duncan was just as relieved to stop the path of the conversation. He had almost gotten carried away and this was not the right time for it. In time, he thought. In truth, he was afraid of her reaction when he did tell her what he had planned to discuss.

“Sure, he pulled over to the parking area. “Just for your information, this is called St. Simeon. There is a town that was started in the late 1800’s. The Old General Store is called Sebastian’s and is now a state historical monument.”
“You know, I just can’t get over how much history and facts you know about everything.” Heather started taking photos of the waves as they crashed along the rocky coast. The water seemed so blue, the waves so powerful.
“I love the compliment, but I have to be honest. It is a habit with me that before I go anywhere, I study the area and history. It helps when I interview the owners of the restaurants. They are usually proud of their areas. It helps that I can converse well.”
“I can understand that.” Heather walked down closer to the shore taking more photos from varied angles.
“Be careful. Those rocks can be slippery.” Duncan reached out to grab his attractive companion should she begin to fall.
“I’ll be careful.” Heather laughed. “It’s not as if I’m not used to this kind of seacoast. Have you forgotten the area around Kinnaird Lighthouse?” Would this small thing help Ian to remember?
“Can’t say as I do remember. I’m sure my mom must have brought me there or near there when I was a young boy, but if she did, the memory is not strong.”
Heather was disappointed. Was there anything that would help him remember something of their life in Rosehearty? Why had he lost his memory? What if she just sat him down and told him who he was and what they had been together? But no, the doctor had warned her that the mind was a fragile thing. She was to give him time. The doctor wasn’t even sure that he would ever recall his past. Linda Sue was sure he was not Ian, but a man who reminded Heather of the man she lost. She would give him a little more time. It really wasn’t that bad to be with the man. It was if he were her old Ian with all the improvements she had wanted in him.
“And what are you so lost in thought about?” Duncan asked. She had just stood there on the sands staring out at the ocean.
“Nothing.” She answered. “I guess I was remembering my home.
“Are you homesick? Do you miss your friends, family, and your mother?”
“Of course, but this is the life I wanted. My mom is fine. My family and friends; well, I’m just not ready to see them at this time.”
Duncan felt it best not to ask any more questions. He could be forced to answer some of hers. If only the right time would come to tell her why he was really here with her. But perhaps it was too soon.
“Do you have enough pictures for your paintings?” he asked as he saw her put away her camera.
“I think so. If not, would you mind bringing me back here? Perhaps I can get more when we visit the castle.”
I’ll take you anywhere, any time, he thought as he answered. “Sure. We can make plans and reservations whenever we are both free. We did pass a special place you might also like. It’s called Cambria and it is a well-known artist colony.”
“That would be wonderful. You make the plans to suit your busy schedule and I will be ready to go.” She smiled as she gave him her hand to help her over the rock.
Careful, Duncan, he told himself. This girl is getting to you. He escorted her back to the car.
At first, they said little, each engrossed in thought. Duncan put in a tape of Scottish music. The silence was difficult and he didn’t know what to say. Best to say nothing than what he would someday have to say.

Chapter 18
Montana de Oro

“Linda Sue, I would like to go up to Montana de Oro to get some photos and feel of the ocean from there. I’ve got to get some more paintings done. You are selling them faster than I have been painting. I’m sorry I’ve been spending so much time with Duncan. I should have been concentrating more on my work. That’s not fair to you. You’ve put so much into me.”
“You know I haven’t pushed you. I understand. And Duncan’s company was doing you so much good.”
“True. I was beginning to feel more like my old self. I was even eating, like you enjoying it. But I have asked Duncan to stay away for a few weeks so I can get some work done. I am beginning to feel guilty. There is so much work to do, so many paintings I should be working on. All I have done is go out with him to all these restaurants. He had already planned to fly up to Washington to meet with a publisher. They are going to discuss a new book based on traveling the Northern Calif., Oregon and Washington coast. He tells me there is so much to see. He’s even mentioned that he would like me to join him at one time to see the coast along the way.
I can’t even imagine those giant redwoods he told me about. There is even one that a car can drive through. And, he says when you are going through the trees, there seems to be a greenish haze. That could be fun to paint and a challenge.
“Sounds great. Are you going to miss him?”
“I think so.”
“Alright, you take my car.”
“But...”
“I trust you and the car is well insured. I’m sure you have got the hang of driving on our correct side of the street. Just take it slow.”
“Well, Duncan did help me when we were driving back from the ceileh. I seemed to have managed.”
“Then go.”
Heather accepted the offered keys and went out to the little red car. After the trip home with Duncan, she felt confident that she could do this.
The drive was uneventful. It was only ten miles on the 101 to the Los Osos Valley Road, which is a comparatively uncrowded stretch of road. A few more miles and she was driving up to the area of the mountain of gold, full of golden poppies which gave the park its name. Below the high hill, she could see several surfers braving the dangerous waves. She had been told that even one of the worlds’ greatest surfers from Hawaii had lost his life in the battle.
Multi shaded blue and green waters crashing against the rocks creating unusual formations.
Taking out her case containing sketchpads and colored pencils along with her camera bag, she walked out the narrower path alongside the cliffs. She placed the sketchpad case on the ground while she took as many photos as the disc in the camera would allow. Then she changed the disc. This allowed her to take almost 400 photos. First placing a heavy blanket on the slightly damp rock, Heather began sketching the wave patterns and rocks. She attempted to put in the ever-changing colors. It was so exhilarating there with the salt wind blowing at her hair. She almost wished it were long as it used to be. Salty air, crashing waves; it was almost like home. How often she did miss her home; the only one she had ever known. In her mind’s eye, she could see the small town, see her friends and family. Everything had been so perfect before…
It was already late in the afternoon, so she felt she could wait until the sun set to gather some more colors for her sketches. Heather was glad she had brought along her heavy hand knitted blue sweater, a parting gift from her friend, Muriel. It was getting quite chilly, although she was used to that. As she sat, she thought back to Duncan’s departure that morning. He had been so sweet. It seemed as if they were close friends. At this time, that was what she wanted, or was it?
Heather thought back over the past few days, the trip to the ceileh, the ceileh itself and then the visit near Hearst Castle. Some day, she would like to visit those small towns of Cambria and Harmony. It just didn’t seem as if the man seemed at all like Ian. He was everything Ian was not. He didn’t push himself on her as Ian had always been trying to get her to give herself to him before the marriage. This man was just a more gentle man, a caring man.
Heather wondered if she had stayed with Ian out of true love or the fact that he was one of the few bachelors in the small town and had chosen her to be his wife. Although she was fairly attractive, there were many more eye-catching women in their town. But Ian had chosen her. She had to admit she was flattered. They had gotten along rather well, but he did have some habits that annoyed her. Not many, but a few. Her mum had told her not to expect him to change after marriage. That was a sad mistake many of her friends had made. Everyone had told her that she should not expect to make a career out of her art. That most artists who were remembered had died long before they had become famous. She should be a good little homebody and play with her art when there was time from her responsibilities and don’t expect any time at all. Perhaps when she was old and gray, she would have the time, if not the energy.
Now, here she was, enjoying this fabulous place. How she did love the ocean. It was the feel of powerful waves crashing and changing the large rocks. Even the wind seemed more commanding near the shore. And the smell? Who could not distinguish the delightful familiar salt sea air? Other than the ocean, it was quiet, peaceful. Those golden poppies covering the nearby hill had given the place its name of Montana de Ore, the hill of gold.
The colors of the sun setting were spectacular. She hastened to jot them down on her sketchpad after taking about fifty shots. The cloud formations were unusual and perfect for the planned paintings.
Sometimes, she had to use her mind and her memory to design the cloud patterns that best fit the paintings, but these were just right. She remembered how she used to lie on the sand watching the clouds, trying to see the animals, faces in them. Often, she would place a particular pattern in her paintings of some animal or sea creature. It was almost a trademark.
As the sun set, even her heavy sweater wasn’t keeping her warm enough. She shivered as she walked down the precarious path to the car.
With all her equipment in the trunk, she drove back to the road and home. It had been a very productive day.

Chapter 19
The Club House at This Old House

As usual, since Duncan had been gone, Heather arrived at the shop early. She had finally moved into the guest room at Linda Sue’s home. It had been so much more than she had expected. Much like the Apple Farm Inn, it was decorated in Victorian style. Linda Sue had picked her up at the Inn with all her things and brought her to the house. They had assured Duncan before he had left for his trip to Washington that they could well manage themselves. As she entered the house, the first thing Heather had seen above the door, was the new sign of Ceille Me Feilte, the sign for ten thousand welcomes. Linda Sue explained that the sign had been a gift from Duncan.
Heather hadn’t seen the room since they had finished the carpentry and had it ready for the painters. She didn’t even know what colors Linda Sue had chosen. Even though it would be her room for some time, she hadn’t felt it would be right to interfere with Linda Sue’s choices. It was her home.
She had gasped with delight when she opened the door to her new room. The walls had been painted soft lavender gray, her heather colors. The hanging drapes were of deeper lavender with matching bed cover. There were at least six small bed pillows of different shades and patterns in lavender, purple and soft green. All the furniture seemed to be antiques including the sleigh bed, small secretary and dresser. All about the room were vases of lilacs and heather with a few thistles.
“I may never want to leave the room,” she had exclaimed. I really can’t thank you enough. This is too much.”
“Just enjoy this room as much as I have enjoyed your art.”
That had taken place a few days back. Heather was still enthralled with her room. It made it so easy for her to walk the short distance to the shop every morning. She loved the walk by the ocean. So much like home. So exhilarating no matter night or day to take that walk. In truth, she was a little anxious for bad weather when there would be somewhat stormy days to enjoy the ocean. That had always been days she had looked forward to when she was in Scotland. Nothing like a stormy day of pure power.
“Aren’t you pushing yourself with your work?” Linda Sue had admonished her.
“I’m trying to make up for all the time I missed going around with Duncan.”
“But you did get some photos and a feel for the area.”
“Some, but I really had enough work to complete with all the photos of the Apple Farm Inn, the area at Morro Bay, Pismo Beach and the first motel. Those will keep me busy for months.”
“Not the way you’re working now. How many paintings have you in the works?”
“About mom seven. But I have a little done on each one. I told you the layers have to dry before I can add more colors.”
“I know and fortunately we have plenty of room to work back in the studio. I just worry you are burning yourself out.”
“Huh?”
“Working so hard you will get so tired you will want to quit. Like a flame on a candle that burns out.”
“Oh. No need to worry. Once I get these seven ready and started, I won’t be able to push too hard until these are done. They should all be ready about the same time. I really do very little each day.”
“You can’t fool me. I see you sketching all the time. And, you’ve gone back to forgetting your meals again. I had hoped you would plump up a little.”
“I will. It’s just too much trouble to prepare a meal for just me. Now if you want to eat at home some night, I would be glad to prepare something for the two of us.”
Linda Sue smiled. That is not necessary for you to cook for me. For one, I doubt there is all that much food in the house. I usually do go out to eat. And two, I don’t want you to feel as if you need to do that.”
“You’re right. There are so many good places to eat within walking distance of here or the house. When you are busy, I will stop off and get something.”
“Okay. Speaking of meals, can I ask you to close up here tonight? I want to leave early.”
“Absolutely. Anything special?” Heather knew she shouldn’t ask, but she was curious.
“Well, kind of. I’ve been asked to go out and try out this restaurant near here.”
“With someone one of us knows and the other has yet to meet?” Heather gave her that inquisitive look although she knew the answer.
“Yes, of course. Richard asked me to go with him to what was once This Old House. It is under new ownership. It was quite popular and some friends of mine actually had their first date there many years ago. Now they are very happily married.”
“Seems like this might be getting a little serious. It’s none of my business, but ….?”
“I’m not sure. I feel like everything is right. We get along so well. I’ve never known anyone as sweet and wonderful as Richard.”
“But?”
“I’m not sure either of us is exactly ready for any commitment. But for now, we are enjoying each other’s company. We talk of the future, but not rushing anything.”
“Sounds sensible to me.”
“I’d better get to work. I have some new paintings of Jan Domela’s coming in today to unpack and hang.”
“Right and I have some work to do as well. Heather donned her smock and went to the studio. Soon both were engrossed in work. The day went by quickly. Neither even thought of food until Linda Sue saw that it was nearly four o’clock.
“I’ve got to rush if I want to get ready. Richard is picking me up at the house at six. Will you be okay to get home?”
“In this perfect weather? I’ll be fine.”
Linda Sue handed the keys to Heather. “There isn’t anything for you to do up front. Just lock up and stop off on the way home to get something to eat.”
“Go on, mother hen. I’ll be fine.”
The pretty blonde left, anxious to get ready for her date.
Exactly on time, at six o’clock, the charming Richard came to her door. This was one night that he had planned carefully. Although they had promised no commitments, he did have a special surprise for her.
“I do hope you will like the place I’ve chosen for dinner tonight.” He began. It was so important that he please her. From what he had read about this place, it was highly recommended, especially due to the well-known chef. Richard felt he had never known anyone like Linda Sue. She was beautiful, bubbly, and full of laughter. No matter what the conversation, she was always interesting. Whenever he discussed his work as a Drug and Alcohol Counselor, she was always so compassionate about the people he was trying to help. She didn’t put them down as most people did. Linda often offered suggestions in ways to help his clients. She was a wonderful woman and all he wanted to do was be with her and please her.
“I’m sure I will like wherever you want to take me.” She hoped he hadn’t gone to too much trouble or expense. She would have been happy with another picnic on the beach at midnight, as they had done a few weeks past. That was such a wonderful surprise. They had driven onto the beach late and he had produced a picnic blanket and basket full of wine and wonderful treats. They had sat there listening to the sounds of the waves as the full moon had risen over the ocean. So spontaneous and romantic. She didn’t see how Richard could top that evening.
“Where have you planned?” Linda Sue asked as they turned down onto Foothill Blvd. in San Luis Obispo.”
“It used to be called “This Old House” but it is now the Clubhouse at this Old House. It’s been revamped and is now kind of a rustic Western saloon. I hear that it even may have a ghost.” He smiled at Linda Sue, even turning his head away from the driving for just a minute. She was so beautiful.
“I’ve heard of it. There was something in the paper about some famous and fantastic chef. Isn’t that right?”
“Yes, the executive chef is Gregory K. Holt. From what I understand, the owner, Mr. Adams is well on his way to making this a real “hot spot”.
As they drove into the parking lot, Linda Sue was not surprised to see it almost full, even though it was reasonably early. They apparently were not the only ones to have heard about the spectacular menu.
Upon entering, Linda Sue was delighted to see a roaring fire in the fireplace inside the bar. They were escorted to a table Richard had already requested. Although it was in the dining room, they had a great view of the bar and the fireplace. It was a perfect spot. Once they were seated, Linda Sue commented on the array of woods in the table, chairs, bar and floor. Old lanterns hung about giving it an authentic ambience.
Before the waiter approached, Richard told Linda Sue that there was a beer served that was brewed especially for the Clubhouse by a local brewery. He was not going to order a bar drink as he was driving, but suggested she could.
“I’ll just have a glass of ginger ale.” She answered. “It’s my preference.” She had studied the menu enough to make a choice out of the many wonderful entrees. She gave her order to Richard to relay to the waiter. “I would like to have the goat cheese salad and the Caribbean Baked Tilapia.”
“I’ve been told that the baby back ribs were the best thing on the menu. I do love good smoked bar b que ribs. Oh yes, I’ll also have a salad. Richard chose his salad and ordered for the both of them, also requesting a coffee.
“So what do you think? I really hoped you would like this place.”
“Richard, you have no need to impress me. There are a lot of places I like to eat, but it’s your company that makes the difference. Relax and let’s enjoy.”
He sat back and exhaled. He had been trying to make a big impression. This was the woman he wanted to be with for the rest of his life. Richard knew that, but they had said they were not going to make a commitment. Not yet.
“What do you want to do with your life, Linda Sue?” Richard began. “I know you want to make a success of your art gallery, but what else? What do you do on vacation time?”
“Oh, I don’t know. I do love to travel and there is so much to see.”
“You mean Europe, Asia?”
“Oh, no. There is so much to see in this country. I don’t’ think I told you, but my parents are full time rv’rs. They retired about five years ago. They just travel in their fifth wheel all over this country. I believe they have at least touched every state.”
“Really? That sounds like a wonderful life. Would you want to do that too?”
“I hadn’t thought too much about it, but yes, that would probably be what I would do if and when I ever retire.”
“You don’t’ have to wait until then. Couldn’t you just do that on vacations? I hear there are places you can rent a trailer or motor home. Maybe you could make it a business trip and do some art buying.”
“You know, I kind of like that idea.”
“Maybe…” Richard hesitated. He didn’t want to come on too strong and he definitely didn’t want to scare her away. No commitments, they had said.
Saved by the bell or in fact, the waiter stopped him from making a mistake by bringing their salads.
“Coffee, now or later?” the waiter asked in a soft tone.
“I’ll have it now,” Richard requested.
“Look at this salad,” Linda suggested. “It’s gorgeous and look at these.” She held up a small wonton wrapper filled with creamy goat cheese in the shape of a flute. They were on top of the colorful greens; sun dried tomatoes and candied walnuts. She put one flute into her mouth and uttered her sole comment. “Yummmm!”
“Now, what were we talking about?” she continued. “Oh yes, the travel in the fifth wheel. I don’t know what would be best to travel in. I suppose I could rent the different kinds and I’m sure my dad will teach me more about the rigs. I haven’t driven any as yet.”
“I know how to drive all of them,” Richard began and stopped. This was not how he wanted to talk about travel. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to mention going together.”  He hesitated again. It was as if he couldn’t stop putting his foot in his mouth when all he wanted to do was impress Linda Sue.
“Richard, stop. You are acting so nervous.  I think it is a wonderful idea for us both to go traveling someday together. In fact, if you can drive all types of RV’s, that would take a lot of my mind. I have to learn. So…where do you think would be fun to go?”
“I don’t know. Where do your parents like best?”
They ate their salads slowly, enjoying the flavors.
“They have a lot of places they like, but nothing is permanent yet. They mainly have lists of places they do not want to stop at. They’ve ruled out the Deep South, as they both do not like heat. They’ve ruled out snow country. Neither of them likes icy roads or streets. Right now, they are snowbirds, south in the winter and north in the summer. What sounds good to you?”
“Everything. Why don’t we ask your parents to suggest some places to visit…that is, if and when we decide to vacation together?” There, he had said it. The words that told his companion that he would like to spend more time with her. The commitment words. Would she be angry? She didn’t seem to reject his suggestion.
“Great idea. I’ll call them. Oh, my, this salad is spectacular. These little goat cheese flutes are so creamy and tasty. I’m glad I skipped lunch so I will have an appetite even after this delicious salad.”
Richard had hardly touched his salad, afraid he had touched on a bad subject. But he was going to “go for it”. He was going to see how she felt about some kind of commitment. “Linda Sue, does that mean you would like to travel with me?”
All she could do was give him that out of this world smile. “Yes, I mean I’m not ready for marriage or anything like that. But, I do think I’m ready to form some kind of steady relationship. I was afraid of making a wrong decision, but I believe we can make it work. I’d like to talk about a future with you.”
Richard felt as if he could jump across the table and hug and kiss her. Again, he was saved by the bell. The waiter had perfect timing and was bringing their entrees. Linda Sue pushed her salad plate aside to allow the waiter to set down her meal.
“I don’t know when I’ve seen such a pretty plate. The fish was encrusted with coconut and macadamia nuts. It was accompanied by a dish of mango chutney.
Richard glanced as his plate as the smoky scent of oak and bar b que assuaged his nostrils. The dish looked and smelled wonderful. Next to the ribs was a side dish of au gratin potatoes. He wasn’t hungry, not now, but felt it best to eat the meal. Linda Sue was already enjoying hers. All that was on his mind was to begin this conversation about their future. He felt like shouting to the whole crowded room. “This girl is mine. We’re going to be together.” Perhaps it would be best if he just waited until they went outside. He hoped none of the desserts tempted Linda Sue. He could hardly wait to shout and then talk about their future.

Chapter 20
Duncan Comes Home

“It’s him!” Heather shouted to Linda Sue as she saw the truck and fifth wheel pull up in front of the shop.
“Oh, was he to come home today?” her employer asked with a huge grin on her pretty face.
“As if you didn’t know.
“How could I suspect? How many outfits did you try on this morning? Is there anything left in the closet? Did you not rush to get in here at the crack of dawn? Have you even picked up a paintbrush? Have your eyes even left the window watching for him?”
“Well he did call.”
“He’s called every night for the past week and a half. What did he give you? An inch by inch description of his drive down?”
“No, he only let me know his traveling time for safety. If he didn’t call me any one night, I would know where he had been and his destination area. So I could notify the authorities if he was missing or something. It’s only a safety thing.”
“Mhmm.” Linda Sue agreed, smiling. “Let me ask you one thing before he walks through that door. Is it Duncan you are excited about seeing or Ian?”
Without hesitation, Heather replied, “Duncan.” And before she could say anymore, he walked in the door with a tremendous bouquet of lilacs.
Heather smiled from ear to ear. She wouldn’t admit it at that time, but this was the first bouquet of flowers that she had ever received from anyone. This was something that Ian had never or would ever have done.  “Thank you.” She took the flowers from him. “How was the trip?”
Linda Sue laughed so hard, she could hardly contain herself. “How was the trip?” she repeated.
“As if he hadn’t told you, as I said before, inch by inch. I bet you recall more of that trip than he does.”
“Hush.”
“The trip was great. As you know, I didn’t take the fifth wheel since I wanted to make it a relatively quick trip. But, it was great. I can hardly wait to take the slow journey up the coast and write about the wonderful things I saw. You would be amazed. There were the redwoods. There was a town you would both love. It is full of Victorian homes. Called Ferndale. I even ate at an old cookhouse near there. It was still almost as it was about a hundred years ago. Served good food family style. And the coast was gorgeous, much like it was in Scotland. Lots of rocky shores.
There was a cave of Sea Lions that you could walk down to where you were right next to those noisy animals. And, a rain forest. Well, two, one small one for children full of dinosaur statues and another large one for adults to wander through.”
“It all sounds so wonderful. When do you think you will be making this trip?” Heather was almost afraid to ask, fearing the answer.
“Well. That’s hard to answer. I first have to do the Scottish Games in Los Angeles and some other towns. And, I have to consider the weather. I don’t mind driving in any kind of weather within reason. But, many of the campgrounds are closed in the winter. And the best time to get the tourist feel would be in late summer, early fall.”
“That means you will be able to be here for a while?”
“If that is what you want.” Duncan took her two hands in his. “I will be here a while.”
Linda Sue looked at the two of them. Perhaps Ian was now only a memory for her friend. Perhaps she could go on with her life with Duncan. But, she thought, what if Heather was only caring for Duncan because of her lost love? Could the two of them make a good relationship without the haunting memories? As a friend, how could she approach Heather or should she even try? Perhaps she would just wait.
“I thought you didn’t bring your fifth wheel up north,” she asked Duncan, indicating the vehicles.
“Didn’t.” he answered. “I just thought I would move it to the Oceano Dunes area. There’s a nice park there and I love to walk the sand dunes, especially at night. Nothing like the ocean roar and I love the smell.”
“Got reservations?”
“Yup. I planned this before I left.”
“Good. Now why don’t you get this girl off my hands for a while? Take her with you and get your place set up. She has been painting non-stop since you left. I soon won’t have any room on the walls or the room or the closet.”
Duncan took Heather’s hand without asking if she wanted to go. He knew she did. In moments they were in the truck and off to the Dunes.
“Where did you say we were going?”
“Eventually, we will go to the Pacific Dunes RV Resort where I am setting up for a few weeks. It’s not too far from here. But first, I want to take you by a place near here that I think you will like.”
“What is it?”
“It’s just a spot by the cliffs where I believe you might enjoy setting up your easel and paint live on the spot”
“Sounds wonderful. You say it is near here. How close?”
“I’m not sure of the mileage, but I would say knowing how you Scots like to walk, close enough to walk and carry your equipment.”
“I wonder why Linda Sue didn’t tell me about the place.”
He drove along the road going by the ocean. “Probably, because she didn’t think about it.”
Duncan stopped the truck next to a gazebo in a little park like area next to the water. The waves were crashing against the many large rocks in the water. It was a stunning sight. “So what do you think? Would this work out?”
“It’s great. All nice and protection from the sun. Such a view! Yes, I love it.”
“And if you want, there is a bench over there where you can sit and take photos of the Dinosaur Caves and the huge rock formation over there with all the sea gulls on it.”
“How convenient to have the benches here for people to sit and enjoy the view.”
“I believe they were put up by locals.” He said walking over to the one.
“What makes you think that?”
“This one, for instance. Look what it says on the plaque in back of the bench.”
Heather walked around the bench and looked down. “Oh, it says, ‘In memory of Jocelyn Domela. She made the world a better place by her ideas.’ I wonder what that means. Someone must have loved her very much.”
“So you think you might want to paint here some day. I can arrange to pick up a picnic lunch or get some sinful cinnamon rolls from a nearby Cinnamon Roll Shop.”
“Sounds wonderful.”
“When?”
“I’ll check my calendar and we pick the first available date. Okay?”
“Yes.” Duncan was so full of perfect ideas. So thoughtful and wonderful. Heather found she was really enjoying his company. “Now what?”
I have to go by to pick up all my mail.”
“Oh,” Heather thought about that for a minute. “You don’t just get your mail delivered. Do you? I mean the way you move about, they don’t know where you are. How do you do that?”
“I have my mail sent to a post office box at this quaint old post office. Then when I call a friend, he goes in and picks it up for me. He sends it off to either the campground I am at, or if mail is not allowed, sends it to the local post office general delivery. But, when I am in the area, I pick it up for myself.”
He turned off the street and headed toward the ocean. It seemed to be a nice neighborhood area. Past a grade school with children playing in the playground. Past a large hospital. Then he pulled up beside a small building. “Come on in with me. I’m sure you will love the place.”
Heather got out of the truck and joined him. It did seem like an old store filled with unusual items. The lady that greeted him was blonde and quite attractive. What a warm beautiful smile. She talked to him as if he were a long lost friend. “Back again. You’ve not been gone so long this time. Ready for your mail?” she smiled as if she had some secret.
“Sure, Suzy. Bring it on.” He too had an idea of what she showed on her face.
She brought out several packages and placed them on the counter and turned around for some more. Again she placed many brown envelopes on the counter. Duncan took as many as he could, excused himself and after putting them in the truck, came back for more. This time, she gave him a few plastic bags filled with mail. “Wait a minute. There is one more, a larger package. She placed that on the floor beside the counter.
“Is that all?” he laughed.
“For now.”
Heather stared. “How long has it been since you picked up your mail?”
“A week, I think.”
Heather continued to stare. Her only comment was “wow” and “I don’t’ get that much mail in a month.”
Duncan just laughed. “Why don’t you look about, especially at the art work on the walls while I try to get all this loaded in the fifth wheel? If I put it in the truck, you’ll never get in.”
Heather nodded and started to look around. There were so many paintings to look at; none in her style, but very interesting. In moments, he joined her, said goodbye to Sue and escorted her back to the truck.
“She seems so friendly.”
“Yes, I’ve known her for a little while. I prefer this post office instead of the larger ones. Friendlier and no long lines. And would you believe; the post office is just one hundred years old? I have a friend who lives near here who has been a customer for many years.”
“Now where are we going?”
He started up the truck. “Now, the trailer resort.” Shortly, they were going past a theatre. “That’s the Melodrama.” He pointed it out. “Some night, I would love to take you there. They do the old style vaudeville shows. They’re always lots of fun. Of course, they are live. They have these small tables in the audience where you can have sodas and popcorn. And some food as well. After the shows, you can meet the players. I think you would like it.”
“Sounds great. When can we go?” Heather was enthusiastic.
“I’ll check the schedule and arrange for tickets. Is there any time not available?”
“Nope. Any time is fine.”
Then they turned left down a street even closer to the ocean, turned again and soon they were at the building where he would register for the resort. A nice woman greeted them and Duncan gave her his name and reservation number. It was called Pacific Dunes & RV Resort.
“Hi, Debbie, how have you been?”
“Doing fine as usual.” Apparently, Duncan had been here before.
“Good to see you again. How about that spot you had before. You know the one at the top where you back in. it’s a great spot to catch the sunrise. I know you like that.”
“I sure appreciate that. Nice of you to remember my preferences. Do you do that for all the guests?”
“Whenever I can. All the guests are special.” She smiled. She was rather an attractive dark haired girl. Heather wondered if Duncan just friendly flirted with all the ladies.
“Two adults,” she stated. “Any pets?”
“No, and that is one adult. The lady is a guest.”
The woman nodded and gave Duncan a packet including a map and space number. They went back to the truck.
“She assigned me a space and this map tells me where it is. Some places have you drive around until you find the right place. Some assign.” He went through the open gate and drove up a slight hill. “This is a good spot near the dunes. Have you ever ridden a horse?” he asked, seeming to change the subject.
“No, not ever.”
“Would you like to learn?”
“I’m not sure. Why?”
“They rent horses here for rides along the beach. It’s something I love to do.”
“I’ll give it some thought.”
They pulled up to a campsite and Duncan proceeded to back up the fifth wheel. Within moments, he was situated. “You can just sit here while I set up.”
“Can I watch?”
“Sure.” He jumped out of the cab and assisted her. She stood by while he dropped the legs on the fifth wheel. Then he pulled away from the fifth wheel and began to level it by using a switch inside a small door on the side. Heather tried to stay out of his way. He was moving so fast. From another small door, he pulled out a long large black wire and plugged it into the receptacle on the post. Then he let down the jacks at the back and another switch brought the slide-out out. A few more adjustments and the fifth wheel was level. “All I have to do now is connect the water and turn on the propane.” He then looked at his watch. “I should have asked you to time me, but you can take my word. That was twelve minutes.”
“Do you have to set up on a time schedule?”
“No, but I like to be able to. I was once at a campground way above town in Oregon. There was a distant fire that kept coming closer and closer. We had been told that if it were dangerous, the rangers would notify us. Every day we would watch the helicopters drop water on the fire. Every night, we would watch from the campground golf course to see how close the fire was coming. So many campers were leaving until there were only about twenty of us. I couldn’t go into town, as I was afraid they might give the leave warning. I finally decided to go across the river to another campground. Just to see how long it took, I timed myself. I managed to get closed down and hooked up in eight minutes. Since then, I try to keep that in mind. When you camp near a forest, you can never know when you might have to pull up and go. I think I have it down pretty well.”
“Don’t you worry about safety in floods, tornadoes or hurricanes?”
“Not really. If I got some warning, I would just move on. Not many people can do that with a house.”
“Right.”
“Now, my fair lady, how about we go inside and I make us some lunch?”
“You don’t have to do that.”
“Yes I do. It is my intention to take you for a long walk on the dunes. And we can take some good photos for your art work.”
“That will be great, but I didn’t bring my camera. I should have, but I didn’t know…”
“I did and I do have two cameras ready.”
“I’ll set the awning up later with a table and chairs for later meals, but for now, we’ll have to eat inside.” Duncan stepped aside and allowed her to precede him.
“What can I do?” Heather was eager to help.
“Nothing. Well, you can set up that card table and the two chairs. I’ll start heating things up.”
“What’s for lunch?” she asked as she set the table up. “And where are the dishes?”
He gestured toward the cabinet. “I decided that after seeing your healthy appetite at the ceileh, that I would get us some good old Scottish food.”
“Wonderful. What is on the menu today?”
“This time it is simple fare. I didn’t have much time to prepare a lot. I managed to make some stovies this morning. I know it’s just hamburger, onions and potatoes, but you do like it, don’t you?”
“Yes, we had that a lot.”
“And I did manage to make some mince meat cookies. Not much, I know, but I have been gone a while. Next time, I will go all out.”
“I love what you said we could have, but really, I’m not used to a man cooking for me.”
“You’re in America now. I know the old country, a woman’s place and all that. But I do love to cook when I can. If you want to cook for me sometime, that will be fine too. I bet you are a great cook.”
“Not really. More adequate, I would say. But if there is something you like, I would give it a try.” She had the table all set while he was heating up the stovies.
“I have soda, milk and coffee or tea. What is your pleasure?” He was placing a large bowl of their lunch entrée on the small card table.
“Tea would be fine. I don’t want you to go to all the trouble of making a pot of coffee and I do prefer the tea.”
“No trouble on the coffee. In fact, I have a coffee maker that will make two individual cups of different strengths at the same time and in fact, can make one cup of coffee and one cup of tea at the same time. I also have bags of gourmet-flavored coffee. I’m afraid I can be a bit decadent at times.”
They sat down to eat, both quite comfortable in their surroundings. As they began to enjoy the meal, Heather stopped to listen.
“I can hear the ocean waves from here.” She said excitedly. “This is wonderful.”
“That’s one of the reasons I chose this place. And the horses and the ability to walk in the sand. Nearby is the Marina Dunes. It’s where they are restoring the dunes. We can walk along the boardwalk there and see what they are doing to maintain the dunes. Time and too many people have almost ruined the area. When we go, we will be able to see the Gila flower, some Menzies wallflower and even some mock heather. There is so much more, I’m sure you will enjoy.”
“I can hardly wait.” Heather looked at this handsome man. He may have looked like her Ian, but this man cared so much about the environment. Duncan was so thoughtful, so caring. And he cooked, she smiled to herself.
“Why don’t we let the dishes go and we can take that walk along the dunes. I’ll clean up later after I have to take you home.”
“There’s no rush to take me home. Let’s go.” She rose and he followed her out the door.
The spring breeze greeted them as they walked on the sand. They could see and hear the nearby ocean just over the bluff. No one else was visible. Just the two of them. Without thinking, he reached for her hand. Automatically she placed her hand in his.
They went through the fence opening. So many foot and dog prints in the sand. But no one was in sight. Perhaps the animal owners walked their dogs earlier in the morning. As they walked up the short slope there were less and less prints in the soft sand. There were several plants and brush on the low rises of sand. Nothing she could identify.  When she turned to look back to the campground, there was nothing in sight.
“What happened?” she asked Duncan.
“Nothing. It’s still there. It is just over that rise.” He pointed to an area behind them.  “I know it seems to have disappeared, but it is actually a little lower than we are and only obliterated by a hill. The area is deceptive.”
“It sure is.” Heather turned around and looked across the dunes. It was beautiful, serene, but she felt as if she were lost in a vast desert. There were no prints in the sand. There were only the windblown ripples and little plant life. As she stared, she noted that even what had seemed one color of sand, was actually many shades. It was so surreal.
“I suggest you never come out here alone,” Duncan took her hand. “After a little wind removing any prints, you won’t see any way to return to the campground.” He gestured with his arm all about. “There are no landmarks.”
“I can hear something.”
“Yes, that is the sound of traffic a little distance.”
“Not the ocean?”
“No, that is about a half mile away.”
“Could we get lost here? Is it that vast?”
“No, you might wander a little, but once you go over any rise, you will see the campground. It’s just that in the lower areas, nothing is visible. And…many, many people come up here often to walk the dogs and just enjoy the dunes.”
“It is beautiful.”
“That’s why I come here to this campground. And then I often rent a horse and go out on the beach. It gives me a feeling of, mastery. Sort of as if I am a master.”
Now that is the Ian I know, she thought. But then he was so gentle in so many ways, he couldn’t be her Ian.
Gently, he took her arm and led her back to the campground. As he said, within a few rises, they were able to see the entire campground.
“Thank you,” she said. “I really enjoyed that.”
“Thank you for joining me. It was a real pleasure to have your company. In fact, it has been a pleasure to have your company in many places.”
She looked at him for a brief moment. Was there a bond growing between them or was it an old bond restoring itself?
They went back to the fifth wheel, neither adding another word.

Chapter 21
The Pyramid and Mc Carthy’s

“Here comes that man again.” Linda Sue shouted to Heather.
“I didn’t know he was coming so early. I thought we were just going out for dinner. I’m not ready.” She called back.
“Too bad.” The tall handsome man came into her studio. Looking around at the many half completed paintings, he stated. “It’s time for lunch and I just heard about this unusual place. It’s so unusual, I can hardly believe it. So I couldn’t wait. We got to go.”
“I’m a mess. I didn’t expect you. How casual is it?” Heather took off her well-painted smock disclosing a pretty blue print blouse over a pair of blue slacks.
“Very very casual and you look perfect. Let’s go. Okay with you, lovely lady?” he looked in Linda Sue’s direction.
“Go, go,” she shewed them out the door.
As they approached the nearby freeway, Heather asked where they were going.
“I don’t know as I can describe it. There are two places someone at the campground told me about. I just had to find out for myself. So in case, he was pulling my leg, let’s not talk about it until I see for myself.”
“Fine. What shall we talk about?”
“The weather. Where we are going to eat tonight? The scenery. It’s not all that far. In SLO.”
They were just driving past Avila Beach exit. “Do you know there is a natural hot springs over there?” he asked as he gestured.
“I have heard about it. Have you gone in, yet?”
“No, but that is something to try.”
“I know. Why don’t’ we go to the Madonna Inn for dinner tonight?”
“Sounds good to me.”
“I’ve gone before and loved it. Have you?”
“No and before you ask, there are very few places I’ve gone to eat without being with you.”
“Fine. Here we are” He was driving down Higuera Street. Look to your left and watch for a cemetery.”
“A what?”
“A cemetery. That’s the first thing I want to see.”
“Sounds exciting. Oh, is that it?” Heather pointed.
Duncan turned in to his left and drove slowly through the old cemetery; then stopped. He pointed up the small hill. “Do you see that pyramid?”
“I couldn’t miss it. I don’t believe it. A pyramid here in the middle of town. Let’s go up and look at it.”
He took her hand as they walked up the slight hill. There was a tall pyramid.
“Look. The name on it is Dorn. The man at the campground told me that this guy built this pyramid to honor his wife and had planned to be buried here as well.”
“How sweet.”
“No, not really. He actually left the area and married again later. But it was a nice thing at the time.” They walked around the pyramid and then back to the truck.
“What is the other place?”
“It’s supposed to be right near here.”
They drove just a short distance and stopped in front of a building and a number of classic cars.
“Now, what is this? I thought we were going to lunch.”
“We are. Look. Isn’t this a beauty? He pointed to a red Corvette.
“Yes, it is gorgeous. You’re right. This is quite a car.”
They walked inside what was called Mc McCarthy’s Auto. It was like the inside of an old diner. Small red topped tables and matching high stools. A nice lady introduced herself and offered to take them to the food. Past an animated statue of Elvis, there was a large room.
On one side was a car in front of a drive in movie screen with a movie of Our Gang Comedies being played. Next to a series of collectibles including a Charlie Mc McCarthy figure was a counter where they were offered hot dogs and a coke.  The lady explained that Mr. Mc McCarthy often held meetings in this unusual room and was great with local civic things.  They walked around with hot dogs in hand and saw some of the exhibits. There was even an antique gas station with a figure of a man ready to pump up the gas into the cylinder to allow the gas to flow freely into a gas tank. Not very modern. Duncan took several photos and asked permission to put them in his articles.
Now, how's’ that for lunch, he asked as they left.
I’ve never seen anything like it.
“You know, he said as he helped her into the truck, “there could come a day when you would always be seeing something new every day. Life would never be dull if you were with me.”
He closed the door and walked around to the other side, giving Heather something to think about. What was he offering? Was this what he had begun when they were near Hearst Castle? Not yet, she thought. I have to make up my mind. I have to think.
“There is so much to see around here. I can’t wait until you see the paintings I have done of the Hearst Beach and the old hotel next to the Apple Farm Inn. Then there is the one of the pier at Pismo. It’s almost finished.”
“Really, so soon. I didn’t know you were a speed artist.”
“I’m not. I just didn’t have much to do while you were gone except paint.”
Duncan wished he could stop the truck right then and put his arms around her. She was beginning to warm up to him, to miss him. But, he knew she was still grieving for her lost love. He didn’t want to be her second choice, only a replacement love. That would never work. And, there were things he had to tell her first. Things that would have to wait just a little longer.
“Let’s go to the studio. I can’t wait to see these works of art.

Chapter 22
Another One

Duncan would be gone for most of the day to meet up with his publicist. There would be some discussion on his new project to drive up with the fifth wheel and explore route 101 along the northern California, Oregon and Washington coast. It was a project he was looking forward to doing. Although he had briefly mentioned how great it would be for her art to go along with him, Heather had quickly told him that she wasn’t quite ready to discuss that kind of a trip. Alone with him for some time, she wasn’t sure how either of them would react. Although she was almost sure that Duncan was really Duncan and not Ian, she didn’t want to rush too fast into another relationship. Not yet.
Heather thought it would be best if she went back to the pier. It was close enough to the shop to walk and there were more photos she needed of the view from the end of the pier. That was a difficult painting. While she could visually see the town from the end of the pier, she wasn’t quite sure how much of Pismo Beach she wanted in the painting. She felt she should concentrate more on the limited view from the end of the pier. Perhaps some seagulls flying about and only a suggestion of people, if any. She would have to take many more photos to see what would look best.
She had to wait until there were fewer people on the pier. While she could mentally put them out of her thoughts, it would be easier if there were less people. She pointed the camera toward the ocean while she was waiting and took some snapshots of that area. There were never enough photos of all of the moods of the ocean, the way the sun danced on the waves. It was never the same. Then there were the surfers standing on their boards riding the waves, challenging the ocean. She had not yet done any art work including surfers, but she might. To be realistic, that might be good for sales. There were so many of them in the area. Again, she turned her camera toward the end of the pier and began to take as many photos as she could before more people invaded her space. Click, click. It was good that she had extra discs to put in her digital camera. Each one allowed her two hundred photos. Of course, she would only print what looked good. But this allowed her to take so many. Technology was wonderful, she thought as she took more.
Suddenly, she looked up, startled. Was that Duncan near the end of the pier? It couldn’t be. Maybe his meeting had ended early, but then there had been a long drive back from Santa Barbara. He couldn’t have made it back so soon. Again she adjusted the camera to take more photos of the man. She snapped away taking as many as possible while he was in her sight. Then he was gone. Why hadn’t he come back to where she was? Surely he had known it was her. They had even discussed her coming here the night before when he had told her he would be gone all day.
As she walked toward the beach, she kept looking for him. Where had he gone? Surely Duncan wasn’t haunting her. He was very much alive. Perhaps he had come back early to surprise her. Maybe he hadn’t seen her so far out on the pier and had gone back to Linda Sue’s shop to meet up with her. She hurried back to the shop.
“Hi, Linda Sue,” she called out toward the back room of the shop where she knew her employer was supposed to be framing some paintings.
Linda Sue came out to the front of the shop. “Did you get all the photos you need? I really think there will be a good market for this painting and a few more like it. It’s so unusual.”
“More than enough. Where is Duncan? Is he here?”
The pretty blonde looked startled. “No, why? I thought he was gone for the day.”
“I thought I saw him at the pier while I was taking photos. Perhaps I was wrong. Let me go into the office and print out some of the photos. I was so sure.”
Linda Sue rolled her eyes a bit. Not another look alike, she thought. “Sure, go in and print out some of the photos. The computer is on. I’d love to see them.”
“I was so sure,” Heather muttered as she went into the office. She took the disc out of the camera and inserted into the printer to download the photos. It had to be a mistake. If he wasn’t here, he was in Santa Barbara. There was no reason he would have lied to her. Not when they were getting along so well. It had to be a mistake.
As the photos loaded into the computer, she caught glimpses of the man. It did look like Duncan. Then she printed out a few of the better ones. Too bad she hadn’t thought to zoom in better. She did the best she could to enhance the pictures without ruining the view. Some were a bit blurred, but there were a few that looked so much like Duncan.
“Look,” she held up a few of the photos to Linda Sue. “Doesn’t that look like Duncan?”
“I’m not sure,” Linda Sue scratched her head. “I’m just not sure. Do you have any better ones?”
“No, that is the best I have. I forgot to zoom in.”
“Well, I guess you will just have to ask Duncan when he returns. Until then, just print out your photos and stop worrying about it. You know he would have come up to you if he had returned early. It was just a tall man that looks like him from a distance.” She said, but even she wasn’t sure.
Heather continued to print out the photos she thought she could use. A short time later, Duncan called to let her know he would be a little later than he had first planned and would it be alright to meet up the next day at his fifth wheel. “I’ve heard about this great restaurant I need to visit.” His voice was so casual, Heather was certain she had just made a mistake.

Chapter 23
Decisions

“Hi, Linda Sue,” Heather called out as she entered the art gallery.  “I’m home.”
“I know. Lately this has been your home. Really, Heather, you need to take a few days off. You’ve been working so hard. How long has Duncan been gone this time?”
“Two weeks or so.” She answered, trying to sound casual, as she closed the door. “Want me to put up the open sign?”
“Sure. I forgot as usual.”
“Talk about over worked. What time did you arrive this morning?”
“Sixish. I had to get the Domela art into frames.”
“I do love those cathedral paintings. So detailed.”
“Did you know that some of these are not real cathedrals, but actually composites of many?”
“Wow. What an artistic view and imagination.”
“Well, he did work at the Paramount studios.”
“So you said. You know I googled him and found that his wife actually landscaped Charlton Heston’s home among others. She was a woman before her time and earned many awards for her landscaping.” said Linda Sue.
“Quite a family.”
“And if that isn’t enough, one of the granddaughters is also an award winner in art in Portland, Oregon. Her name is Laura Domela.”
“I don’t know if art runs in my family or not. I do know that there were authors and some of the men created poetry, although they seem to almost be ashamed of it.” Heather started setting up a new canvas.
“You said Duncan has been gone two weeks now?”
“Yes.”
“Sounds like you miss him.” Linda Sue hung one of the paintings on the wall. “How does this look?”
“Great. And yes, I miss him some.”
“Only some?”
“Alright. Perhaps a bit more than that. I was getting used to having him come around and his company.”
“That’s it?”
As if to change the subject, Heather asked about Richard. “Are you still seeing Richard every day?”
“Not every day.”
“By my count, you only missed one night in the past two weeks.”
“And you are avoiding my question.” Linda Sue picked up another painting and started to fit it into the marked frame. “I wish these were all the same sizes. I had to order a few special sizes.”
“No, I’m not avoiding.” Heather started putting out the colors on her palette. “Yes, I find I miss him a lot.”
“Why? Do you still think he is Ian?”
“No, I don’t think so. Perhaps he looks like Ian, but to be blunt, he is too nice to be Ian.”
“What?” Linda Sue was startled. She knew there was some doubt, but too nice? How bad a man was Ian?
“He does so many thoughtful things. He doesn’t have the accent. He makes me feel as if I am important and he really likes my art. I don’t think any man could change that much after any trauma.”
“I agree with you there. I do think he is very nice and thoughtful. Are you sure you weren’t imagining the likeness?”
“No. On that I am sure. Remember, I grew up with Ian.” Heather began putting a grouping of photos on the bulletin board in front of the easel. She stopped talking to study them. She really didn’t want to talk about Ian. Even if Duncan did resemble Ian, he wasn’t him. She was sure he was not Ian’s ghost or just a person who she imagined was Ian. Duncan was his own man and she was attracted to him. If only she could be sure of her reasons to like the man.
As if reading her mind, Linda Sue asked. “I can see you really are starting to care for Duncan. Are you sure enough of your reason to continue a relationship?”
There it was. The question she avoided even in her own mind. Could she have a relationship with someone who resembled the man she was to marry? She really wasn’t sure. It would be great to be involved with such a wonderful man. Would it be fair to Duncan to pursue such a relationship or more? He wasn’t Ian. How would she feel in a few months or years? “No, I’m not sure.”
“Are you going to talk it over with Duncan when he returns? It’s probably best to lay your cards out on the table.”
“What?” Heather did not understand the expression, although she had an idea of what was meant.
“Oh, you know. Uhm, talk about everything. Be honest.”
Yes, I think that will be best when he returns.”
“And that is, when?”
“Late tonight or early tomorrow.”
“Okay, I presume you want to take the day off?” Linda Sue tapped in the final hardware for this frame and hung it next to the first painting.
“If that is okay with you.”
“Sure is. In fact, you’ve been working so hard, I barely have room in the storage room to hang your paintings to dry. So yes, please take off for a few days. That will give you time to talk things out. You’ll both be better off with things settled one way or another. It’s time.”
“Do you think it might be too early in the friendship to bring these things out?”
“No. You do know that Duncan is aware of your previous engagement and the loss of your fiancée?”
“No, I wasn’t sure what you had told him.” Heather put her brush down and sat on the high stool facing her friend. “I didn’t want to bring it up. I thought if he were Ian and had amnesia, it could upset things.”
“Now what do you think?”
“He’s definitely not Ian. And now after being with him, I think I prefer this man.”
“Are you sure?”
“No!” Heather threw her brush down on the table next to the easel. “No! I’m not sure of anything. I thought by spending time with this man that I could discover if he were Ian or my imagination or….I don’t know,” she cried, tears streaming down her cheeks. “I just don’t know.”
Linda Sue came over to put her arm around her friend. “There, there,” as if comforting a small child. “It’s alright. You don’t have to make any decisions now.”
“If not now, when? I can’t go on just pretending this could be the man I was engaged to be married. I know it is not him. But how can I forget that my being so hard headed caused the death of a man? What right do I have to go on and possibly make a life with Duncan? It’s not fair to him to love him just because he resembles Ian. I don’t know.” She pulled away from Linda Sue and threw herself down on the small couch, crying so hard she was almost losing her breath. The tears, the emotion came forward like a dam bursting.
Linda Sue sat next to her, not really knowing what to say or do. Heather did have to get it out and now was as good a time as any. “Heather, slow down. You know it wasn’t your fault that Ian went out to sea. You told me how he had already made the plans against what you two had already agreed.”
“I know. I know. The sensible side of me knows that I did try to make up with him. I did beg him not to go to sea and he told me that he had made the plans weeks before.”
“Well then?”
“I’m not sure. It seems as if someone is at fault. And I’m alive and already going around with another man.”
“Have you done anything other than just be friends, so far? Not that it is any of my business and I really don’t care. But do you really have anything to feel guilty about?”
“No. I don’t know why, but Duncan has not made any moves in any way. The closest we get to anything is a gentle hug. Maybe I’m reading more into this than there could ever be.”
“Maybe, Duncan is just respecting your feelings. He does know about Ian somewhat. I have to confess I did ask him to take you about so you could take photos and eat. I was concerned about you. So I did have to tell him some about your loss and the fact that you thought he strongly resembled Ian. I’m sorry if it was wrong.”
“No, no,” Heather was still sobbing. “You did the right thing. Under the circumstances, he should know. Perhaps that is why he makes no moves.”
“That’s probable. I do think he is attracted to you.”
“He did say he had something to tell me when he returned. Oh, Linda Sue, what will I do if he wants to go on further?”
“What do you want to do?” both girls were sitting up on the blue couch. Heather still had tears streaming down her pale cheeks, but the sobbing was almost gone.
“I, I’m not sure.”
“Heather, stop grieving and accepting guilt for something you did not do. Ian caused his own death. He knew the risks and he went anyway, almost in defiance of the promises you both had made. Remember, it was his choice, not yours. Now, he is gone. You have a right to a life.”
“I do, but what if I am only attracted to Duncan’s appearance? How can I do that to him?”
“Are you? When you talk about him, you don’t even mention his looks. You talk about his caring, his thoughtfulness, the fun you have. You never mention Ian in that way, ever.”
“You’re right. But?”
“But what? Ian was tall, brown hair, brown eyes, brown beard, nice build. Duncan fits the same mold. So do about a few hundred men I’ve met. Generally, men are tall or short, thin or fat, blue or brown or green eyes. We rarely mention physical features. When I told you about Richard, do you remember what I said?”
“I think so. He made you happy. He was caring, thoughtful….”
“No mention of looks, really. So it doesn’t matter. If every man looked alike, we would still be attracted or not to his characteristics, not his face or form.”
Heather wiped the tears with the sleeve of her blouse. “I think I see your point.”
“Good, now when Duncan returns, talk to him as if you had never seen anyone else who looks like him. Give the man a chance.”
“We’re not even sure he wants that chance.”
“Then find that out. Now, I suggest you put things away, go home and get ready to see your new man when he returns.”
“I will,” Heather rose with a determined air.
As if on queue, the phone rang and Linda Sue answered it. “Yes, of course, just a moment. Heather, it’s for you.”
“Hello,” she tried to hide the excitement she felt. “Yes, I will. See you then.” She carefully placed the phone down and calmly said, “He is coming home tonight and would like me to meet him at the campground. He is going to park at the same spot. Can you drop me off at the entrance? I can walk up the hill.”
“What time?”
“He said he plans on being there in two hours.”
“Sure, it’s almost closing time anyway. I’ll take you home to get ready and then to the campground. Or you can use my car. I’m not going anywhere tonight.”
Heather was still trying to remain calm, although her heart was racing. The conversation with Linda Sue had given her permission of a sort to go on with the relationship with Duncan. That is, if it was what he wanted? She knew now that this was really what she did want. “I’ll help you lock up.”
“Heather,” Linda Sue admonished. “Aren’t you a little bit excited?”
“Yes, yes, I am,” she almost shouted. “Hurry up or I am going to burst. As soon as I heard his voice, I knew what you said was true. I want to go on with him and if he wants me, I will.”
“Then let’s go. I’ll tidy up in the morning,” Linda Sue grabbed her light jacket and they went out the door, Heather; happier than she had been in a long, long time.

Chapter 24
The Surprise

As she drove up the hill at the campground, Heather tried to plan her words carefully. She didn’t want to upset Duncan or scare him off. She wasn’t even sure she could convince him that Ian was in her past and that she cared for him for him, not his looks. She had dressed so carefully, wearing the lavender plaid skirt and scarf that she had chosen. She wanted to look Scottish and perfect. How could she start the conversation? Perhaps she could wait until he told her what was on his mind. That might help her decide what to say. But what if he didn’t want her in any more of a relationship than they already had? Could it be that he would be content to remain only friends? Maybe a companion wouldn’t fit into his life style. The fifth wheel was designed mainly for a single man.
She turned the corner of the street in the campground where he had parked before. There were not too many recreational vehicles parked on the row, but she could see his was not yet there. Neither of them had counted on difficult traffic. He might have even run into some mechanical problem. But then, he would have called her on her cell phone. She was sure of that. Heather parked the car where it wouldn’t interfere with his pulling in the fifth wheel. The sun had not yet set and it was a lovely night. A good evening for a short walk on the dunes. She wrote a short note telling Duncan where she was headed. Then she took a small flashlight out of the glove compartment, put it in her jacket pocket (just in case). No sense in carrying her purse, so she placed it in the trunk and the keys joined the flashlight. Then she headed toward the dunes. She hadn’t been there since Duncan had walked her there a few weeks back. But it had left such an impression on her. She wouldn’t walk too far into the dunes, afraid she could get lost. Although, surely she would run into some dog walkers.
As she approached the fence and the opening, she didn’t see anyone. But she promised herself that she would not stray past the heavily walked sand area. It was so beautiful. The sand seemed so soft, but she hesitated to take off her shoes. Never knew what might be skittering in the sand.
The sun setting on the multi-shaded sand was breathtaking. It was again as if she were on a real desert with no civilization near. There was a light roaring sound in the far distance, but she knew that to be just the traffic rather than the sound of the nearby ocean. It was such a deceptive area.
She turned around to get her bearings and make sure she could see the campground. There was someone not too far behind her, but the sun was going down faster than she had anticipated and all she could see was a large shadow. Good; someone walking their dog. For a moment, she hesitated to talk to the person.  From the height, it had to be a man, although she didn’t see a dog. Might be a small one. Well, as long as there was someone within calling distance, she felt safe to go on. It was getting darker. It would be best if she just turned and went back. The shadow was still heading her way.  If she didn’t see the campground, she would ask his help. She pulled out her flashlight to make sure of her footing.  It wouldn’t do to trip and possibly injure herself. Other than the man nearby, there didn’t seem to be anyone else. Possibly the other campers were too smart to walk out here after dark. And if this man didn’t see her, surely he would see the glare of the small flashlight. Maybe if she called out to him, he would direct her back to the camp.
“Hello”, she called out toward the shadowy figure.
She knew she had called out loud enough, but he didn’t answer. Perhaps he hadn’t heard.
“Hello, hello there.” She raised her voice. He had to have heard her then. The figure came closer. He didn’t answer, but was coming closer. She shined the flashlight in his direction. There didn’t seem to be a dog with him. Why didn’t he answer?
“Can you help me, please?  I just need to be pointed in the right direction to get back to the campground.” She didn’t raise the flashlight to his face, not wanting to disturb him with the glare.
“Mhmm.” He murmured in assent as he took her hand.
“Thank you. I feel so foolish. It got dark so soon,” she said as he led her back toward the fence.
“Mmm,” again no words. Who was this man who refused to talk? He seemed to be leading her right. Was there something wrong with him? Could it be that he didn’t speak?
“I really canna thank you enough.”  As they neared the fence and the lights of the campground, she could see some of his features. She shouldn’t have worried. It was Duncan, but why didn’t he speak? Had he lost his voice somehow? He let go of her hand and stepped back into the shadows and back into the dunes. “Duncan, what is wrong with you? Don’t go.” She called after the retreating figure. She hesitated. If she followed him, she could get lost again. Why did he leave?
Just as she was about to go against her own feelings, a man came running down the road toward her. He called her name. It was Duncan. But how could it be? He had just let go of her hand and disappeared back into the dunes. Heather fainted.

Chapter 25
What’s Going On?

“Heather, Heather,” Duncan knelt down beside her still form. Not receiving any answer, he picked her up in his arms. The fifth wheel was only a few spaces back along the road. What had happened? What could he have done to cause her to faint at the sight of him?
When he had seen Linda Sue’s car and her note, he hadn’t stopped to set up the fifth wheel or even detach it from the truck. There was no place to put her other than the front seat of his truck. Gently, he placed her still form on the passenger side. She was still breathing.
“Heather, answer me, talk to me. Are you okay? He picked up her hand in his, slapping it lightly. He didn’t know why. It was just something that he had seen done in the movies. She stirred slightly. He pulled her into his arms. “What happened, love? Why did you faint when you saw me?”
She pushed him away. What had happened? Why was she sitting here in the truck? What was Duncan saying? Why was he leaning over her instead of sitting beside her? For a moment, she was not sure. Then she remembered. Heather glared at Duncan’s handsome face in the dim moonlight. “It’s you. How was there two of you?”
“What do you mean, sweetheart? Two of us? What are you talking about?”
“I, I was out on the dunes just watching the sunset while I was waiting for you. It got dark so much sooner than I thought….”
“You should have brought a flashlight and you shouldn’t have even gone out there alone.”
“I did bring a light.” She raised her voice in annoyance.
“I’m sorry. Are you alright? Did someone try to bother you?”
“No, not really. I couldn’t see where the campground was and I asked a man I thought was walking a dog where it was. He didn’t say anything, but took my hand and led me to the fence. I tried to thank him and he still didn’t talk. When we got to the fence, I turned to again try to thank him and I saw his face.”
“Who was it? Someone you know?”
“No, yes, I mean I thought it was you. It was your face, your height. You. And then he let go of my hand and went back to the shadows. Immediately I heard your voice coming from the road in the campground. And he was gone.”
“Heather, what do you mean, he was gone. It couldn’t have been me. I just parked the truck and fifth wheel and came right out to find you. The first I saw of you, you were standing there and then you fainted. Maybe you just had me on your mind and thought…”
“I don’t know.” Heather placed her hands over her face. Was she seeing things again; Ian again? What else could it be, but why was she seeing his ghost now? Was it because she had made up her mind to go on with her life, without Ian or his memory? What would Duncan think when she told him about Ian? How could she tell him how she felt and how much he looked like the man to whom she had been engaged? What would he think; say? “Can you set up so we can go inside and talk? I think it is time.”
Duncan nodded. It was time to talk. In fact he had planned to finally tell Heather why he had met up with her, what he had on his mind for all this time since he had first met her. This was the day he had planned and dreaded. At least setting up the fifth wheel would give him a little time. “Sure. You just sit here while I do that. Is there something I can get you? A glass of water? Something?”
“No, I’m fine,” she lied. “You go ahead. When you’re done, we’ll have that talk.”
“Okay,” he smiled weakly and headed toward the back of the fifth wheel. He put a couple of yellow chocks under the back wheels, came forward and put down the front jacks. Then he detached the fifth wheel from the truck. Getting in beside Heather, he started up the truck, pulled it gently forward while the fifth wheel settled on the jacks. Going to the back, he set up the back jacks and let out the slide out. Within a few more minutes, he had the water, electric, and cable and sewer lines all connected. He went inside and put away a few things, turned on the refrigerator, checked the voltage and the fifth wheel was ready. There was nothing else he could do to delay the conversation. What would she say? Would she understand? Would she forgive him? Perhaps he could call Linda Sue and have her there. He would ask Heather first.
“It’s all set up, Heather. Come on in. It is starting to get chilly out here.”
She said nothing but took his hand as he escorted her out of the truck. Even his hand seemed just like the one on the man who had left her at the fence. She felt almost as if she were losing her mind, again. The figure had been Duncan’s height, the face was his, and the hand was the same.
“Duncan, I can’t stay here. I have to go home.” She was trying to hold back her emotions. She wanted to scream. She wanted to cry. She wanted to know what was going on. First she couldn’t get Ian out of her mind. She kept seeing his ghost. Then it was Duncan. At first she had thought that Duncan was actually Ian with a memory loss. As she got to know him, she began to feel as if he were only a look alike, someone who reminded her of a man she had once loved. Then Duncan was so ideal, a combination of the man she had loved with the perfections of the man she wanted. She was beginning to care deeply for him. And now this. It had been another man leaving her on the dunes while this man was coming toward her. It was two men. She knew it.
“I can’t let you leave, not like this. Let me drive you home in Linda’s car.”
“How will you get back?”
“Don’t worry about that. I’ll manage. I couldn’t handle letting you drive alone, not in your condition.”
“I…I’m fine.” She was trying to hold back the tears of emotion. She was so upset she didn’t know what to do.
“No, you’re not fine.” His voice was firm. “I will drive you back in her car or my truck. But you are not driving alone.”
“Here,” she handed him Linda’s keys and allowed him to take her to the car.
Without a word, not knowing what to say, he opened the car door for her, got in and drove toward Linda Sue’s home. He knew the time had come to tell her the truth. It was just he didn’t know how to begin.

Chapter 26
The Truth Comes Out

Not a single word from either of them, each full of their own thoughts, fears.
As they approached Linda Sue’s house, Duncan tried to start a conversation. “Heather, I do have something to tell you. I just don’t know how to begin.”
“Duncan, not now. I have to get my mind in order.” They pulled up in front of the house. The lights were on, so they knew Linda Sue was home.
“Heather, it must be now, before we go into the house. It’s something I’ve been wanting to tell you since I met you. I really didn’t mean to let it go on this long. It’s just that it never seemed the right time. And then as I got to know you more, I didn’t know how to tell you.” Before she got a chance to refuse him again, he continued. “I came here deliberately to see you, to talk to you. I followed you to Morro Bay and tried to talk to you, but I lost my nerve. I really did go into the manager’s office at Rose’s, but it was to avoid talking to you. I told him of my ideas to write about the restaurant, not to show him the finished product.”
“Why? Why would you want to meet me and what is it you have to tell me? Was everything a deliberate plan? Why?”
“Yes, Heather. My job is real. I am sure you know that. I was traveling to several towns in California and Oregon working on my book, when I got a letter from….”
“Heather, Heather,” Linda Sue was running toward them.
“What is it?”
“You’ll never believe it.” Linda Sue began. “It’s …..” a tall figure appeared in the doorway. “No, Heather, please, stop. You need to be prepared.”
The young woman opened the door of the car and jumped out. How could she remain calm, be prepared when she could see her fiancé, her Ian, standing in the door of the house only feet away from her?
“Ian, Ian,” she screamed running toward him. The man stood in the doorway waiting for her.
Linda Sue called out her name again. Heather didn’t hear or care. Ian was here, alive. She rushed into his open arms.
“Ian, what happened to you? How are you here and alive after all this time?” she was laughing, sobbing, crying.
The tall man held her close, “Ah, my love, my sweet wifee to be. Come inside. I’ve already told your friend what happened. Now it’s time for you to hear. But first, let me hold you in my arms. I love you so much.” He pulled her inside the living room.
Linda Sue stayed outside next to the car with Duncan. She didn’t know what to say to him at that point. It had been obvious that he had fallen deeply in love with Heather. But it was just as obvious that he was the spitting image of the man in the house. It was one thing when he just looked similar to the memory Heather had, but there had to be more. She was sure he knew some of the answers. Opening the door, Linda Sue sat down next to Duncan. “So, what have you got to say?”
“I promise. I was just about ready to tell her. I kept waiting for the right time.”
“Well,” her voice was full of anger.
“Linda Sue, I did set things up so I could meet with Heather.”
“Why? Just tell me why?’
“My mother asked me to,” he gulped.
“What? Do you really expect me to believe that?”
“No, but it’s true. Why don’t we go inside?”
“No, not yet. I may not want you in my house or anywhere near. I think they need a chance to talk things over.”
“But, he’s probably lying to her.”
“What makes you think that?”
“Linda Sue, I am Ian’s cousin. His mother and mine were sisters. My mother had been planning to go to the wedding. She was devastated when she received the news that Ian had been lost at sea.”
“And..?”
“There’s more.”
“There had better be.”
“She never went to Rosehearty, even for the funeral. Mom had lost her sister and then her nephew. It was difficult. Then she heard that Ian had returned after several months to the town. He said that he had been picked up by some fisherman who took him to their home on a nearby island for treatment. Ian suffered from amnesia and it was months before he regained his memory.”
“What’s wrong with that? That’s what he told me.”
“Mom felt there were too many holes in his story. First of all, when he returned to Rosehearty, he suddenly became a happy bachelor. He made no attempt to find Heather or let her know that he was still alive.”
“Why didn’t anyone in town contact her?”
“I guess it is due to the fact that she only told her family and friends that she was going to California to paint. Not much information.”
“How did you find her and why?”
“My mother wrote after she heard about Ian being alive. She wanted me to find Heather and let her know. It didn’t take all that much for me. I do work for some newspapers and there was that small article about your gallery selling her art. After that, I decided to get acquainted with her before I broke the news. I wasn’t sure how she would take it. It could have been too much of a shock.”
“Just seeing you almost put her in a state of shock. Didn’t you think of that?”
“Honestly,” he looked toward the closed door of the house, “I didn’t know how much we looked alike. Then you opened the door for me to get to know her first.”
“My big mistake. And then what took you so long?”
He opened up his car door and started to step outside. “I’m sorry, but I can’t wait to talk to her. We don’t know what lies he is telling her.”
“First, tell me why you waited.” Linda Sue opened up her door as well.
“I fell in love with her.” His answer was brief as he headed up the walkway and opened the door with Linda Sue close behind.
As he thought, Ian was holding Heather in his arms. Tears were running down her face. Whatever he was telling her, she believed it.
“Duncan,” she turned toward him, “This is Ian, the man I am engaged to. He’s been telling me about how he was rescued and had a memory loss for months before he got it back and returned. The people in town told him about me, our engagement and how I ran away to California.”
“Really? Is that so?” he tried to keep his voice under control. “How nice. Why did it take so long for him to find you?”
“I don’t know,” she turned to Ian.
“Lass, I tried, but you were hard to find.”
“Was that you on the dunes tonight?” Duncan asked.
“Yes. I was trying to talk to her.”
“So why did you take off?”
“Duncan,” Heather said a trace of annoyance in her voice. “I don’t think you have the right to ask him anything. After all, it seems you kept a few things from me.”
“What?”
“You seemed to have forgotten to mention that you were related to my fiancée.”
“I know I have a lot to explain. Yes, we are cousins. Yes, I did come here with the express intention of telling you that your so called fiancée was alive and quite well.”
“What right do you have to say anything like that against him?”
“I.” he hesitated. “Heather, I was going to tell you that he was alive. I tried, but it never seemed the right time.”
“Just when do you think the right time would have been?”
Ian stopped the argument. “It doesn’t matter, now my love. We will be leaving tonight. I want to get married right away so we can go home together. I don’t want you to stay here with Linda Sue or be near that cousin of mine for one more minute. You are to be with me. I heard that we can fly to Las Vegas and get married right away.”
Heather stepped back away from him. “Wait. I’m not prepared to get married so quickly and go back home. I have my art.”
“I told you before, I will allow you your hobby, but we have a family to start. I don’t trust either of them around you. They can talk you out of getting married at all. I’m sure she,” he pointed to Linda Sue, “will try to convince you to stay. After all, you are her meal ticket.”
Linda glared at him, eyes ablaze with anger. How dare he say that about her? She began to speak, but was interrupted by her friend. “No, don’t you say that. Linda Sue has done nothing but help me.”
Realizing he was antagonizing everyone, Ian apologized. “It’s just that I love you so much, my wiffee to be, I can’t wait until you are indeed my wife. I apologize, Linda Sue. You can’t blame me after all this time not knowing where my love was at. Now can you?”
Before she could answer, Duncan spoke up. “Heather, I didn’t tell you after I got to know you because I fell in love with you. I had planned on proposing to you after telling you about Ian. I promise I will not try to get you to do anything but what you want. You won’t have to ask my permission to do anything. All I want to do is make you happy.”
“No, Heather, don’t listen to him,” Ian demanded. “He doesn’t love you. Why wouldn’t he tell you that he knew the man you love was alive?”
“I told you. I wanted to be sure you could handle it and then I fell in love with you. Don’t you think you were falling in love with me too? Duncan asked of Heather.
“Shut up, just because we are slightly related doesn’t mean I won’t get rid of you. Heather is mine. We are engaged and going to be married.” Ian was firm.
“Stop, stop just a minute.” Heather said, “Duncan, I thought I was beginning to care deeply for you. I enjoyed being with you. But I am engaged to Ian. I have to give this some time.”
“No,” Ian almost roared. “No more time. We are leaving tonight.” He grabbed her by the arm.
“No,” the young woman spoke back to Ian, as she had never done before as she pulled away. “Ian, it’s been a while. I’ve been making a new life for myself. I am going to stay here on the central coast for a while until I am sure of my success. That way, when I do return to Scotland, we will be able to purchase that big house and think about a family.”
“I won’t allow that,” he grabbed at her arm again until he was causing some pain. “You are coming with me. Remember your promise that you would never love another. Don’t even take time to pack anything. You can come as you are. We will get anything you need.”
“Heather,” Duncan spoke softly as he gently pulled her toward him and away from Ian. “Break off your engagement. Take your time. Give us both a chance to show you how much we love you. Do your art. I’m willing to wait, forever, if necessary. I will always love you.” He leaned forward and down to her face as if to kiss her.
Ian was furious. She had no right to refuse him. They were engaged. “Get away from my fiancée. Do you think she would fall for you just because we look alike? She loves me. I know why you’re trying so hard. It’s the money. You want it all. Well, you aren’t getting it. Your share should be enough.”
“What share?”
“As if you didn’t know.” Ian didn’t notice the shocked look on Heather’s face. He continued. You knew that when our grandfather died, he was to leave all his money to both of us to share. Then when he thought I had died, he changed his will to leave my share to the woman who was to be my wife.”
Duncan hung his head slightly, speaking in a low voice. “I knew grandpa had died, but I didn’t know about his will.”
“Now you know. Did you really think I would let you take my money by getting close to my fiancée?”
“I don’t think that is your decision.” Heather spoke up. “In fact, you have no decisions that relate to me. I have learned to be my own woman and I don’t need or want you.” Duncan gasped as he saw her turn to Ian.
“I demand my rights. We are engaged.”
“No, we are not. Not now, not ever. Now get out.”
“I’ll sue. That is my money. I’ll…”
To Linda Sue’s personal delight, she had already gotten the gist of the conversation and called some of her friends at the police station to come and escort Ian out. She would have loved to throw him out on his ear herself, but knew she couldn’t. She might think about taking some Karate lessons or something similar.
Heather turned back to Duncan. “I believe you didn’t know anything about the inheritance. And, I believe you were really trying to do things in my best interest. And…” she hesitated. “I believe you do love me.”
“But?” he asked.
“But, while I do believe you want me to be happy and won’t try to interfere in any way with my dreams, I am not ready to jump into any marriage. This is going to take time. I’m in no hurry to marry anyone. Not now.”
“Oh,” Duncan hung his head. She hadn’t said she loved him back. He didn’t mind waiting, but he had hoped for words of encouragement. “Is there any chance?”
For a brief moment, she hesitated to answer his question. There was Ian to deal with. “And as for you, my beloved Ian, I did love you. I was so devastated when I thought you to be gone. I grieved as if I were your widow. I endured all the accusing stares and innuendos from our townspeople. Finally, when I could stand it no longer, I did come here to work and get on with my life. I didn’t anticipate meeting your cousin. I didn’t know about any inheritance, nor do I care.”
“I don’t believe that. You both stand to inherit a great deal of money.”
“I believe Duncan didn’t know.”
“You believe what you want. I want my money. It’s my right. And you are my woman. I picked you out of all the women in town. You should have appreciated that.”
“Why?”
“I had my choice of many women.”
“Ian, I thought I loved you. That is why I agreed to marry you. As for your inheritance, I will sign the papers to relinquish your entire share back to you. I don’t want it. I am fully capable of earning my own living as long as I live here and work at my art. I don’t need you. I don’t want you and I will never appreciate the so-called honor you gave me in offering to marry plain old me. So you can leave. The papers will be sent to the solicitor to give you your money. I wish you well, but get out of here. Leave!” she almost shouted as she pointed toward the door.
“I’m sorry Linda Sue,” she apologized for being so dramatic. “I had to do that.”
“Fine with me. I almost felt like applauding.”
Heather smiled slowly. She had enjoyed asserting herself as a woman of independence. “Let’s take a walk on the beach, Duncan.  I think we have something to discuss.”

Chapter 27
Epilogue

It was like stepping back in time. Again, the lovely young Scot was lying in a luxurious bed at the Apple Farm Inn. This time it was one of the rooms she had missed in the Mill House. The room was very much similar to the maroon colored room she had been in months before, but it was all done in gold. If possible, even more opulent than the first room. There was the fireplace and two comfortable chairs on either side. The bed was so soft, so comfortable. The door across from the bed opened and a very tall handsome man stepped into the room, clad in only a blue towel, fresh from the Jacuzzi.
“How is my beautiful bride?” he asked.
No longer did she dream of the tall brown haired, bearded ghost. The man stood before her and there was that certain look in his eyes.
The wedding had been spectacular. The personnel at the Apple Farm had done all they could to make it a dream wedding. Heather had even had many photos taken on the stairway leading down from the gift shop in the Mill House to the garden below. Linda Sue had been her bridesmaid. Heather had made sure she was the one to catch the bridal bouquet. Not really necessary since Richard had already proposed and Linda Sue’s answer was the same as when Heather had finally accepted the proposal from her now husband.
Malcolm, Mari and the many Scottish friends had attended the wedding in full Scottish regalia. Even her husband had worn the traditional garb. Their room had been filled with fragrant flowers.
The man stood before her, dropping his towel to reveal her new husband. Yes, she thought, I’m not sorry I waited. This man, this Duncan Noble was well worth the wait.
