
What Lucy Wants

By Ellen R. Spencer



Copyright 2013 Ellen R. Spencer


Smashwords Edition
Rev. 1.0
September 24, 2013



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, events, and places are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, events, or places is entirely coincidental.



Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20



Chapter 1
Lucy tossed her purse on top of the coats, hats, and bags that filled the chair near the door. It tumbled off onto the floor with a thud.
“Damn,” she said as she picked it up and hung it over the door handle.
She looked around her rise. Everything was a mess.
“I need some recruits,” she said and immediately thought of Jenna.
She grabbed her cell and made her way into the bedroom, pushed a pile of clothes off the bed, kicked off her shoes, and plopped down on the area she’d cleared.
“Jenna, I’m having an impromptu in about thirty. Can you swing over?” she asked as soon as Jenna answered.
Jenna giggled, obviously excited that Lucy had invited her.
“Sure,” she said.
“Bring your friends,” Lucy added as her lips curved upward into a sly smile.
“Really?”
“Absolutely, I’ve got a few more invites so I’ll see you then.”
“Ok, bye.”
Lucy didn’t intend to invite anyone else to this little cleaning party. She knew Jenna would bring at least two friends who, like her, wouldn’t have any other plans.
As expected, Jenna arrived promptly in thirty minutes. Lucy put on her best frazzled look before she answered the door. Jenna had brought not two, but three friends with her.
“Oh, girls, you’re a bit early,” Lucy said feigning surprise.
Jenna looked at her watch, “Sorry, my watch might be fast. I thought we were right on time.”
“Oh, you might be. I got busy. I have more to do than I thought,” Lucy said with an exasperated sigh. “Would you mind helping me clean up a bit?”
“Uh, sure Lucy,” Jenna said looking around for a place to set her goodies. “Hum, let me just clear this spot,” she said stacking a pile of magazines and papers on top of another pile. As she did a Buns and Hunks magazine slipped out of the pile.
“I want that,” Lucy said snatching it up and laying it on top of the microwave.
“Well, girls, looks like we’ve got our work cut out for us. How about a wine cooler?” she asked grabbing one from the pack Jenna had brought and twisting off the cap to drink it herself.
“Good, it’s cold. I have some pop and some mixers, but we’ll drink these first.” Lucy waved her hand over their drinks.
“Do you have room in the fridge for the rest of these,” one of the girls said.
“Sure, um…” Lucy said glancing at Jenna waiting for her to introduce the girl.
“Oh, Lucy, this is Bee.”
“Hi,” Bee said.
“And, this is Joan.”
“Hi.”
“And, Kaykah,” Jenna said putting her arm around her shoulder giving her a squeeze.
“Hi.”
Lucy reached for Jenna’s wrist and turned it so she could read her watch.
“We need to work fast. Let’s do some major cleanup,” she said.
“Where do you want this stuff?” Bee said holding a pile of papers and magazines.
“I have no idea. Toss it. The garbage bags are under the sink.”
“Shouldn’t I go through it first? A lot of this can be recycled.”
“No time. I’ve got the important stuff out already,” Lucy said picking up the Buns and Hunks magazine.
The girls giggled nervously. Lucy smiled thinking, this is going to be easier than I thought.
“I can go through it pretty fast. Can I use this box?” Bee said gently kicking one that was on the floor with her foot.
“Sure. Hey, let’s put these chips in a bowl,” Lucy said opening a cupboard door knowing her bowls were all in the sink. “Damn, none clean. Check the dishwasher.”
Joan opened it and pulled out a bowl. “Um, I think these are dirty too.”
“I must not have run it. Switch it on for me.”
“Do you have soap in it?”
“Probably not, it’s under the sink.”
Kaykah started to run hot water and wash what was in the sink.
“Where’s your drying towel?” Jenna asked.
“One of those drawers,” Lucy said pointing toward them.
Jenna opened a few drawers before she found a clean dish towel.
After she had switched the dishwasher on, Joan started to help Bee sort the papers, magazines, and mail.
That was way too easy. Now, to get out of here, Lucy thought. She looked around for an out and noticed that Bee already had the recycle box full.
“I’ll go empty this,” she said placing the Buns and Hunks in the box as she headed out the front door. Totally pleased with herself, she went straight to the upstairs pool and emptied the box into a trash bin and settled into a lounge chair with her wine cooler. Between sips she thumbed through the pages openly even with two curious youngsters nearby.
They came closer and she heard them giggle and saw them point as she turned the page sideways to look at the hot guy in the centerfold.
“Go play,” she said waving them off. They stood there long enough for Lucy to narrow her brows and more sternly repeat herself before they ran off to the far side of the pool.
“Wew, now that’s someone I could manage,” she said in a soft purr, aware that someone had walked up and was standing behind her.
“Really?” a deep voice asked.
“Sure,” she said moving the magazine to one side and tilting it up so he could see it.
“Shouldn’t you be looking at that in private?” he asked glancing toward the kids.
“They need to go play elsewhere,” she said and then asked, “Or, are they yours?”
“No, not mine,” he said.
“Wonderful,” she cooed and leaned far enough to expose her breast beneath the low-cut top. It was then that she finally turned to look at him.
“This is you,” Lucy said coolly as if men out of Buns and Hunks came up behind her all the time.
Chad looked into her lustful eyes that were eagerly waiting for him to respond. He glanced over at the children and said nothing.
“You want to go someplace private?” she asked.
“Actually, I’m here for a swim. That’s all,” Chad said. “You really should put that away,” he added and then he turned and dove into the pool.
“Ouch,” she said under her breath before she got up, grabbed her things and took a few quick steps toward the door before turning to see if he was even remotely interested.
To her surprise, he swam to the other end of the pool without even a glance in her direction.
Lucy wasn’t used to being rejected and she certainly didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of seeing her there starring at his shredded body as it rippled through the water. She made a quick turn to leave and headed back to her rise.
Chapter 2
When Chad surfaced, he pulled himself up on the edge of the pool and looked for her. The children laughed and splashed around him but she was gone.
It was for the best, he thought. She was out for pure pleasure and nothing more. And, his heart told him, with this one, he wanted more.
He hadn’t felt that since Nicole. He dove back under the water to drown out the pain that always followed anytime he thought of her.
Jenna and her friend’s were still busy cleaning when Lucy returned.
“Lucy, where have you been?” Jenna asked anxiously. “I don’t think your other invites are coming.”
“Hum, maybe not. They did say things were a bit hectic for them. Too bad, only us,” Lucy smiled.
“Did you have to drive to the recycle place?” Bee asked looking slightly suspicious.
“No, it’s on the top floor,” Lucy lied. “I got delayed by...,” she decided not to tell them about Mr. Centerfold. Seeing there wasn’t any cleaning left for the girls to do, she quickly added, “Girls, I think we should call it a night.”
Jenna looked at her friends and said, “We should get going. It’s been fun. Sorry, your other guests didn’t arrive.”
“It seems it was for the best,” Lucy said.
“I’ll just put these in this box for you,” Bee said.
“All your dishes are put away. I hope I put them in the right spots,” Joan said.
“You girls are the best,” Lucy said moving toward the door so that they would follow.
“Jenna, I should drive,” Kaykah said taking Jenna’s keys. “I didn’t even finish my first drink.” The other girls nodded, thanked Lucy for a nice evening and were out the door.
They all looked fine to Lucy, not even slightly buzzed and when she checked, found that only four wine coolers were gone. She grabbed another as she thought up a better story to tell about meeting Mr. Centerfold.
Chapter 3
Lucy arrived late to work and helped herself to the last cup of coffee from the pot in the employee lounge. She put her things in her cubicle, checked her emails, and then headed to her bosses office.
“Morning, Kareensie. Did you have a fun night? I did. I met this guy.”
She held up the magazine opened to Mr. Centerfold. Kareen glanced up from her work and nearly fell out of her chair.
“Wow, woo, where?”
“At the pool, I was looking at this and was thinking how nice it would be to find someone so shredded and there he was.”
“Oh, come on.”
“Really, he was behind me looking over my shoulder as I was looking at his picture.”
“Unreal,” Kareen said.
“No everything is real,” Lucy said with a grin.
So, nothing is touched up?” Kareen asked.
“Nothing at all. No air brushing here.” Lucy pointed out his firm abs. “And, totally real here too,” she said as she traced her finger farther down.
“Um, Lucy. That’s great but I need to finish this presentation,” Kareen said with a wave off.
“Ok, Kareensie, but I’ve got more to tell when you need a break.”
Lucy went back to the employee lounge and found several of her female coworkers waiting for a fresh pot of coffee to brew. She cleared her throat to get their attention and then flashed the picture of Mr. Centerfold.
“Hooked up with this one last night,” she said.
She loved watching their jaws drop.
“How do you always find the best ones?” Ann asked.
“Skill, girls, skill.”
“Oh and your looks have nothing to do with it,” Mira said challenging her with a raised brow and steadfast look.
“Absolutely, that’s part of the skill,” Lucy said putting a stop to the challenge. “Of course you need charm too,” she added.
Lucy stared straight at Mira now, who huffed and left the room.
“What a bitch,” Ann said taking the magazine from Lucy. “Tell us more about this, um, to die for guy.”
Ann was nearly drooling as she openly admired the photo. Steff was standing near the door and had a full view of the hall.
“Brad’s coming,” she said and Ann tossed the magazine back to Lucy.
They both huddled around Lucy so Brad couldn’t see what she was holding. To him, they looked guilty of something. Except for Lucy, she looked as confident as ever.
Brad looked at them suspiciously and poured his coffee.
“I suppose you were talking about me again,” he said arrogantly.
“Not on your life,” Ann said.
“Oh, I know you all have a crush on me. Especially you, Ann.”
“No, you must have heard me say I’d like a ton of bricks to crush you,” Ann said as Steff moved closer to Lucy.
Brad stirred his coffee and took a seat at the table.
“Well, if it’s not me you’re talking about, you won’t mind if I join you,” he said.
“We are not talking about you and we do mind,” Lucy said as Kareen poked her head in.
“Lucy, I need that report before 9:30,” she said and then went on her way.
“What a pain and I was about to share the good parts,” she said looking annoyed at Brad.
“We can imagine. I’ve got to get back to my desk,” Ann said.
“And, I need to get that report to Kareen,” Lucy said holding up the Buns and Hunks so Brad could see it. She left the employee lounge and headed straight to Jenna’s office.
“Jenna did you get that report I gave you yesterday done?”
“Right here,” Jenna said handing it to her eagerly. “So, the girls and I were talking and wondered if you were having a party this weekend, maybe we could come? We had a great time last night,” Jenna said nearly pleading. The pathetic look on her face was well, plan pathetic.
“No, this weekend isn’t good,” Lucy said. “I already have plans with him.” Lucy opened the magazine and pointed to Mr. Centerfold.”
“How do you know him?” Jenna asked her eyes wide with excitement.
“I met him after you girls left.”
“Did we leave too early? Did your other guests show? Was he one of them?” Jenna asked in earnest.
“No, after you left, I went to the pool to enjoy a little me time. I was looking at this, thinking how every bit of his shredded body would feel next to mine, and like that he showed up right behind me.” Lucy twisted the truth to fit her image.
“No,” Jenna said in total disbelief.
“Absolutely, and, of course I was more than ready and he was more than willing to play water tag.”
“Water tag?” Jenna asked innocently.
“Water tag, nude water tag,” Lucy clarified magnifying the lie.
“Oh,” Jenna said her cheeks turning pink.
“Are you sure you weren’t dreaming?” She asked thinking Lucy must be putting her on.
“Absolutely,” Lucy let out a blissful sigh. “Now, let me see.” Lucy glanced over the report. Jenna had done it to perfection, but Lucy didn’t want to admit that to Jenna. “I need to fix a few things before I give this report to Kareen.”
“Ok,” Jenna said eyes glued to the Buns and Hunks magazine as Lucy picked it up and tucked it under the report.
Lucy walked to Kareen’s office and dropped the report on her desk.
“Here you go,” she said.
Kareen looked it over, gave an approving node, set it aside and went back to working on her presentation.
With the report done, Lucy went back to the lounge. Fortunately, Brad was gone. Lucy poured herself another cup of coffee as a group of male co-workers wandered in. She joined them at the table and flirted with them shamelessly. None of which she’d ever be seen with outside the office, but it was a fun way to pass the time. She was still in the lounge after they left.
“Coast clear?” Ann asked looking around as she walked in.
“Absolutely.”
“So tell me more about this guy,” she said eagerly and just as she said it, Brad came in.
“Damn, I swear he followed me in here,” she leaned toward Lucy and whispered.
“Talking about me again, I see,” he said.
“This time yes, I was saying what an ass you are.”
“Oh, you like my ass,” he said.
Ann jumped up looking as if she were about to hit him, “No, you are an ASS,” she said a bit too loud and left the lounge.
“And, do you think I have a nice ass too?” he asked Lucy. She shook her head from side-to-side, rolled her eyes, and got herself another cup of coffee before she left.
She went back to her cubicle and checked her emails. Having none of particular interest, she started to put away some files and chipped a nail as she closed the drawer.
“Damn,” she said and immediately called her salon.
“G, I’m desperate for a nail job.”
“Oh, Hon, come right over. We can do you now. Miranda’s free. Love to do you myself though.” He smacked his lips sending her a loud phone kiss.
“Miranda? Ok. I’ll be there in five.”
Lucy grabbed her bag from her office and stepped out the front door in plain view of Kareen. Seeing Lucy leave, Kareen glanced at the time, and shook her head. It wasn’t even noon.
Chapter 4
Lucy walked under the green and white striped awning into the salon.
“Lucy, darling,” G said. “Come, sit. A glass of wine?” he asked as he started to pour the wine for her.
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
“Miranda will be right with you,” G said as he handed her the wine glass and went back to attend to his client.
“Lucy, how are you?” Miranda asked as she approached.
“I’m great, except for my nails,” she said displaying them to Miranda.
“Yes, these nails are in need of some special attention.” Mirada set Lucy at her station and began removing the old polish.
“What color are we doing today?” she asked as she masterfully massaged Lucy’s hands.
“I want metallic blue with gold tips.”
“Pretty.” Miranda nodded and grabbed the polish. “But midnight blue is not good for you today. Today, lavender would be much better. Miranda put back the blue and showed Lucy the lavender.
“Ok, but, with gold tips?” she asked.
“Never. Silver tips with lavender. Very beautiful. You will see,” Miranda said displaying the silver polish next to the lavender.
“Yes,” Lucy nodded in approval and then leaned back against the headrest.
“Anything special you want to share with Miranda,” Miranda coxed sensing something was on Lucy’s mind.
“I met this month’s Buns and Hunks centerfold,” Lucy said pulling the magazine from her bag and showing his picture to Miranda.
“Hum, how nice,” Miranda said with admiration.
“No. Not really. He was actually sharp with me.”
“Sharp with you? Never.”
“Absolutely harsh and I put it all out there.”
“Hum, well his loss. Gavin’s been in. He’s broken up with Alyssa,” Miranda said. “You should call him. I’ll give you his number.”
“Alright,” Lucy said not really interested. She was still thinking about Mr. Centerfold.
“Good?” Miranda asked after she’d put on Lucy’s last coat of polish.
“Good,” Lucy said as she admired her nails.
“Ok, sit here enjoy your wine for a bit,” Miranda said as she patted Lucy’s hand.
Lucy settled back into the soft chair and listened to the waterfall and gentle music as her thoughts once again drifted back to Mr. Centerfold.
Lucy was deep in her daydream when Miranda walked back over and lifted Lucy’s hands to check her nails.
“Beautiful. All the drama,” she said. “All set.”
“You know who to bill for this,” Lucy said coming back to reality.
“Oh, yes. Already taken care of with a big tip for me. No tellsies.”
“No tellsies,” Lucy said as Miranda gave her a quick hug.
G waved from his station. See you at 4:00 love.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said to G and left the salon.
She walked to the corner café to grab some lunch. The café was bustling with an early lunch crowd.
“Hi Lucy,” Tina said.
“Hey, Tina,” Lucy said as her sandwich was assembled and set on her tray.
“Is that it for you?”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said as Tina rang up the total and then put in a fully punched Buy 10, Get 1 Free Sandwich card in the register for her.
“One dollar please,” Tina said handing her a drink.
Lucy handed her the dollar and took her drink.
“Thanks, Lucy. I love your nails,” Tina said taking the cash from her.
“Fresh paint from Miranda,” Lucy said.
“She does good work,” Tina said as she rang up the next customer.
Lucy took her tray and sat by the window to watch the people on the walkway as she ate her sandwich. A man asked to join her, but she told him no. Since there were no other open seats he stood by as she finished her sandwich. He moved into the open chair the second she got up and motioned for another person to join him who was also waiting. Lucy thought he gave her the evil eye as she tossed her wrapper in the trash, but she ignored him and went on her way.
It was such a pretty day, she walked slowly back to her office. She was in no hurry even though it was past one o’clock. She swayed past the others who were hard at work. A few looked up. Lucy smiled, tossed her head, and flashing her newly painted nails toward them. She stopped briefly at Ann’s office.
“Fresh paint,” she said showing her nails to Ann.
“Beautiful! Quick, tell me about Mr. Centerfold,” Ann said scooting her chair forward.
Lucy told Ann the same version she had told Jenna and Ann threw her hands in the air.
“Only you, Lucy. That could only happen to you. What’s his name?”
“Name, that never come up,” she said with a satisfied smile.
“And, Jenna said you have plans with him for this weekend?”
“Absolutely,” she said without missing a beat. The girls had been talking, Lucy thought.
“I should get back to this stuff,” Ann said pointing to the pile of reports on her desk. “But, I’m glad you stopped by, I was dying to hear it from you. Jenna left out the good details.”
Lucy nodded and went to her cubicle. Once she settled in, she found a note from Kareen asking for another report. She checked her email, read a few of them, and listened to her voice mail which also had a message from Kareen with details for the report. She jotted down the details, grabbed the file, and headed to Jenna’s office.
“Jenna, I need this info for a report by this afternoon and I’m swamped. I’d love it if you would finish it up for me,” Lucy said setting the information she’d jotted down in front of Jenna.
“Um, well, sure Lucy. I’ll get right on it.”
“I’ll be back,” Lucy said.
Lucy headed straight for the lounge. Suspicious that Lucy wasn’t as busy as she claimed, Jenna stuck her head out of her doorway to watch where Lucy was headed.
“Sure, she’s sooo busy. Heck, now I don’t even have time for a cup of coffee, but it looks like she does,” Jenna grumbled as she picked up the file for the report and started on it. She was a bit shocked to look up a few minutes later and see Lucy standing there ready to hand her a cup a coffee.
“Thought you might need this,” Lucy said.
“Thanks, Lucy. I’ll have that report done in a jiff,” Jenna said convinced by the gesture that even if Lucy wasn’t all that busy she was at least appreciative enough to bring her coffee.
“Enjoy,” Lucy said as she headed back to her desk.
Once there, she phoned Camiel. She didn’t answer so Lucy left a message. After that she pulled a romance novel from her top desk drawer. She slid back in her chair and stretched her legs out as she escaped into the pages.
“Lucy,” Brad said interrupting her reading.
“Brad.”
“Should you be reading that at work?” he asked.
“Go do what you do and leave me alone so I can do what I do,” she said tersely.
He creped her out completely and not many guys did that. Most she could flirt or at least be friendly with but Brad was creepy.
“Did you need something?” she snarled when he continued to stand at her door starring at her.
“Why is Jenna doing your report?” he asked.
“As if that’s any of your business,” Lucy said wondering how he knew, unless he had talked to Jenna. If he hadn’t heard it from Jenna, he must have been lurking around as usual. When he still wouldn’t leave, she said, “She wanted to. OK?”
“Really?”
“Go ask her,” she said.
“I think I will,” he said.
“Shouldn’t you be working on your own reports rather than being in my business?”
“I make it a point to oversee everything. One day you’ll be working for me.”
“Ass,” she muttered under her breath as he left. She let out an annoyed sigh and settled back into her chair and went back to reading her book.
Hum, juicy stuff. Too bad Mr. Centerfold isn’t here, she thought as she turned the page and noticed Jenna was standing there waiting to hand her the report so she set the book aside.
“Lucy, here’s that report and what’s Brad bent about?” Jenna asked.
“He has a crush on you?” Lucy smiled.
“No. ick,” Jenna said and then mimicked putting her finger down her throat.
“Seriously,” Lucy said.
“He said you were reading a romance while I was doing your work,” Jenna said glancing at the cover.
“Research, very important research,” Lucy said turning the cover toward her so she could see it more clearly.
“Oh, can I borrow it?” Jenna asked. “I could use a little research myself.”
“Absolutely, soon as I’m finished.” Lucy pulled open her desk drawer. “I have a bunch of others here. Borrow whatever you need.”
Jenna’s eyes grew wide at the stash of novels in Lucy’s desk. “These should keep me busy all weekend,” she said as she grabbed up a few from the pile.
“If I didn’t already have plans…” Lucy started to say getting ready to set Jenna up with Gavin. “I take it there’s no-one serious, right?”
“It’s been over with my last serious for two months,” Jenna said. “And, now there’s no-one.”
“Well, there’s always Brad,” Lucy said with a jolt of evil laughter before she got to what she really intended to say.
“No thanks, I’d rather read.” They both grinned.
“I know another guy just set loose and free-ranging, so I hear. His name is Gavin. Let me find his number.” Lucy rummaged through her bag, pulled out the scrap of paper Miranda had given her. “Here, give him a call. He’s absolutely perfect if you know what I mean,” Lucy said knowing Jenna would probably never call him.
“Oh. Thanks, Luc,” Jenna said.
Lucy didn’t care to be called Luc, but because Jenna was so easy to use, she let her get away with it. After Jenna left, Lucy got up and took the report to Kareen.
“Here you go Kareen. Polished and perfect,” Lucy said.
“Oh, good,” Kareen said with a bit of a start. She had been concentrating hard on her next campaign. She studied Lucy for a minute.
“Let me run this past you. I have a company that makes Z. Z isn’t selling well. I need to convince them we can get their product on everyone’s must-have list.”
“What is Z? If I know what it is, I’m sure I can come up with a campaign.”
Kareen hesitated and then pulled a folder from her locked cabinet.
“Lucy, now this is all strictly confidential. Here’s a copy of what you need, but do not, I repeat, do not show anyone.”
She eyed Lucy waiting for some assurance before giving her the folder.
“Strictly confidential,” Lucy said looking sincere and Kareen handed her the folder.
“Is Monday good?” Lucy asked.
“Monday will be fine,” Kareen said. “But, if that leaves the office, keep it safe.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
It was time to leave for her appointment with G so she tucked the file in her bag without even looking at it.
Chapter 5
“Hello gorgeous! Didn’t I see you earlier or was that your fabulous twin?” G asked greeting her with an embrace.
“Hugs,” she said.
“Hugs,” G said spotting her bag, he stepped back and asked, “What’s this, you’ve switched to a big bag?”
“Oh, it’s for work,” Lucy said.
“Hush. No,” G said in a surprised tone.
“Yes.” She handed it to him. “Could you bring me the folder in it while I’m under the dryer?”
“Sure love,” G said as he opened the bag and pulled out the folder.
“Ewe, confidential, can I peek?” he asked.
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
“Let’s get you perfectly fab first. Oh, you make it so easy,” he said setting the folder aside before he started working on her hair.
“Anything interesting to share with me?” he asked as he worked.
“Not really.”
“Miranda says you met this month’s Buns and Hunks centerfold. Do share,” G coaxed.
“Not much to tell. He rejected me harshly when I made a play for him,” Lucy said.
“I can assure you it was all on him then,” G said.
“Absolutely,” Lucy agreed.
“Heat time,” G said walking her to the nearest dryer. He turned it on and lifted the dome so she could sit down.
“Comfy,” he asked as he lowered the doom. Lucy nodded to indicate she was fine.
“Be right back.”
G went back to his station to get the file. He thumbed through it as he carried it to her.
“Marvelous, incredible,” he said to himself as he walked over to her.
“Lucy, here’s the file,” G said loud enough for Lucy to hear him over the dryer.
“Great, anything good?” Lucy asked.
“Killer bags,” G said still speaking in an elevated volume.
“Really? I can snap that up. Pen, I need a pen,” Lucy said.
“Jiffs,” he said and grabbed one from his station.
Lucy started flipping through the pages and scribbling notes next to each picture while G looked on.
“Meggie’s mash box.”
“Alexa’s Evening Alliance.”
“Trixies-wait scratch that, Sarah’s Satchel.”
“G, this one, any ideas?” she asked giving him the picture.
“Looks like a Cathy,” G offered handing it back to her.
“Cathy, absolutely. Let’s call it Cathy and nothing more. Simple lines, sturdy, beautiful, Cathy.”
“Can you get samples?” G asked.
“Samples, I’ll get samples. I think your next girl is glaring our way,” Lucy said glancing toward a client impatiently tapping her foot and starring at G.
“I’ll make her happy,” G said.
“I’m sure you will,” Lucy said.
“And, you?” G asked.
“Go, I’m good,” Lucy said as she set the file down next to her.
“I’ll be back when you’re done then.” He handed her a magazine and headed over to his impatient client.
G returned shortly and lifted the doom to check to see if her hair was processed. “Looks like you’re done,” he said.
Leaving the doom raised, he helped her up, taking her elbow as they walked to the shampoo bowl. Lucy leaned back and closed her eyes as the water washed through her hair. G was humming a tune.
“Lean forward,” he said as he pulled a towel around her head. He guided her back to the station, snipped, and styled her hair. As he worked, she looked around the salon. She noticed the impatient client was now under a dryer smiling with a glass of red wine. G had worked his magic.
“Ready to see?” G said turning her toward the mirror. She was pleased as always.
“How Mozart. Perfect,” she said fluffing it a bit.
“Fab darling, fab,” G said handing her bag to her.
“My files,” she said remembering they were still on the chair near the dryers. He went and got the folder, tucked it in her bag, and ushered her to the door nodding with approval the entire time.
“You know who to bill,” she said.
“Of course, darling and he won’t mind a bit.” G smiled, gave her shoulders a squeeze and headed back to the client under the dryer.
Leaving the salon, she called Camiel who answered with a cheerful, “Hi.”
“It’s about time,” Lucy said.
“What?”
“Didn’t you get my message?”
“No, my batteries been dead and I couldn’t find my charger.”
“Oh, I guess I can forgive you then,” Lucy said.
“I’m so glad. What’s urgent?” Camiel asked.
“I met this guy at the pool last night. He walked right out of my Buns and Hunks magazine. Mr. Centerfold himself in fact,” Lucy said. “Well, actually, he walked up behind me when I was enjoying his spread.”
“Ok, no way. That could not happen. Not even to you.”
“Absolutely, the truth.”
“Wait, so he’s the Buns and Hunks centerfold or sorta, kinda looks like he could be?”
“No, it was actually him all the way down to his skimmers.”
“You only saw that much of him. You couldn’t compare the rest. That doesn’t sound right. Not for you, Lucy.”
‘“I did my best. Made a play and he said, “I’m here for a swim, that’s all.”’ Lucy said shaking her head furiously making her beautiful hair swing from side-to-side.
“Ok, now I believe you,” Camiel could hear the agitation in Lucy’s voice. “His loss.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said checking herself in her rearview mirror with a conceited smile. “You should see how glam I am. I just left G and Miranda did my nails earlier. Hey, you doing anything? Want to join me for some shopping at the Boutique?” Lucy asked.
“Sure, I’ll be ready in thirty,” Camiel said.
“Pick you up then.”
“Sure,” Camiel said and they hung up.
Chapter 6
Lucy drove back to her rise, changed into purple flats and switched her purse for the little purple one. Then she was on her way to pick up Camiel.
“You ready?” Lucy asked when Camiel answered the door.
“Sure! You are totally glam, Lucy. Love how G did your hair and your nails, gorgeous,” Camiel said.
“Aren’t I,” Lucy said doing a quick spin ‘round.
“Hey, that’s my purse. No wonder I couldn’t find it,” Camiel said noticing the purple purse Lucy was holding.
“Right. It is, but it compliments my nails and matches my shoes so well.” Lucy placed her outstretched fingers against the bag and stuck out her foot to show off the shoes.
“Lucy, those are my shoes too,” Camiel exclaimed.
“Oh, right. You have such good taste. That’s why I love to shop with you. You look amazing today and I love those shoes you have on,” Lucy said looking at Camiel’s feet. “That’s a cute bag too. Can I borrow both sometime?”
“Not on your life. I’d never get them back,” Camiel said.
“Oh, sure you will,” Lucy said.
“Ahuh, sure I will,” Camiel said as they left for the boutique.
They were in the car and Lucy handed Camiel the latest Buns and Hunks.
“This is Mr. Centerfold, the one at the pool?” Camiel asked as she flipped to the centerfold.
“Absolutely.”
“He is shredded and manly, very manly,” Camiel said and noticed a slight agitated look cross Lucy’s face so she quickly added, “Like I said, his loss. I mean look at you. I look like a rag doll next to you.”
“Camiel, you are so wrong. You look amazing.”
“Are you sure? I’m way past due for an appointment with G.”
“Absolutely! Do you think I’d be seen with you if you didn’t look amazing?”
“No. Probably not,” Camiel said applying a bit more lip color as they neared the Boutique.
“Hum, lots of spenders out today,” Camiel said as she observed all the parking spots were taken.
“Perfect, that will make things easier when I find what I like.”
Camiel nodded. Lucy spotted a car leaving a spot and quickly moved into it cutting off a car that had been waiting for it.
She heard the driver curse through her open window.
“You too,” Lucy said as she smiled and flipped back a response.
“Oh, such rage,” Camiel said as the driver speed off and they got out of the car.
They were barely in the door when Lucy noticed the slimmest red dress and knew she had to have it.
“This is the one, Camiel,” Lucy said grabbing it off the rack.
“Yes, perfect,” Camiel said.
“Do you need anything?”
“No, but I do want to borrow that dress.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said as she pulled out her credit card.
The salesgirl rang Lucy out and put the dress in a bag and handed it to her.
“What’s your game tonight?” Lucy asked as she pulled out of the spot.
“I’m hooking up,” Camiel said.
“Leaving me a lone runner,” Lucy said.
“Unless you want to come with us.”
“Pass.”
Lucy pulled into Camiel’s apartment and dropped her at her rise.
“Blast as always,” Camiel said as she got out.
“Absolutely.”
A few hours later, Lucy was wearing the red dress as she headed out to the Arc. It was one of her favorite spots. She immediately joined the line that flowed outside the doors as the elemental music resonated. The flame dance was playing, enticing her to sway passionately as she danced her way inside. She stopped only long enough to take a spritzer as the crowd swirled and danced around her.
It was only midnight when Lucy was ready to return to her rise. Feeling high and vibrant, she bumped into Trek on her way to the exit.
“Lucy Swan,” he said.
“Trek.”
“In?” he asked.
“Out, but call me soon,” she said.
“Soon,” he said surveying her perfect landscape hungrily.
She didn’t mind hooking up with him on occasion but tonight she felt like going home alone.
Chad arrived only minutes earlier and had taken a seat at the bar. He looked past his drink and saw her talking with Trek. She looked even more beautiful than she had at the pool. He was pleased when she left alone.
Lucy went back to her rise and headed to the pool. She looked around and saw no-one there. The moon was full and it drew her to the railing.
She was so transfixed, that she didn’t hear him come up behind her.
“A clear night,” he said.
Lucy jolted.
“Do you often try to frighten people?” she asked harshly.
“Never, I thought you knew I was here,” he said trying to soften her mood.
“No, I was looking at the moon,” she said returning her gaze upward.
“Yes, I see that,” he said and then to regain her interest he asked, “Why did you leave the Arc so early?”
“How did you know I was there?” she said suspiciously.
“I was there,” he said.
“You were there?”
“Yes,” he said looking at the moon and moving closer to her. “I’m Chad Norris.”
“Lucy Swan,” she said looking back toward the sky.
“You come for a swim?” he asked hopefully.
“In this dress?”
He looked at her dress for a long moment and coughed to clear his throat.
“Um no, you wouldn’t want to ruin that dress,” he said and then looked around. “I don’t see anyone else here. You could lose the dress,” he said giving into his lustful desires.
“You are unreal. The other night you wanted nothing to do with me and tonight, you want me to join you for a swim,” she hissed.
“Ok, well, I’m going for my swim then,” he said.
“Wonderful,” she said. She stood for a moment longer until she heard him splash into the pool. She glanced over her shoulder and saw he was submerged and decided it was time to make her exit.
Who does he think he is, she thought as she flopped into her big fluffy bed and closed her eyes and instantly saw the image of him all wet and looking unforgettably sexy.
She cursed flicking on the light and grabbed her old issues of Buns and Hunks and after looking through a few tossed them aside and cuddled down into her comforter.
Chapter 7
Lucy woke up late Saturday morning and walked to the new coffee shop just around the corner from her rise. As she grew near, she noticed there were several people going into the coffee shop. Among them, yes, it was Chad Norris. Naturally, she glanced at herself in a nearby glass window. Pleased by her own appearance, she moved toward the shop quickly.
The bell rang as she entered and everyone, except for Chad, turned to see who had come in. He was at the counter, ready to place his order. As she stood at the back of the line, she noticed how his T-shirt rippled when he moved and how it was neatly tucked into his tight jeans.
“Just add whipped cream,” she found herself say loudly as she admired him.
The barista thought she was talking to her and topped off Chad’s coffee with an excessive amount of the gooey stuff. She was clearly dazzled by him too.
“I didn’t need that much topping,” he said to the barista.
“Oh, sorry, should I scoop some out?”
“No,” he said kindly.
When he turned and headed toward a table, he still didn’t notice Lucy standing in line. He sat down with his back to her. She sighed heavily but was determined to make sure he saw her even if it meant joining him.
As Lucy placed her order, she looked his direction and said to the barista, “that’s this month’s Buns and Hunks centerfold.”
“Really!” The barista’s eyes popped open wider.
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
“Wow,” the girl said.
“Wow is right. Regular coffee, no cream, no sugar,” Lucy said.
Still dazzled by Chad, the barista watched him as she poured Lucy’s coffee and handed it to her.
Lucy took it, slipped a tip in the jar and turned to see him open the door and leave without a glance in her direction. Lucy headed straight for the seat he left and slid into it. It was still warm. While she enjoyed her coffee, she got lost in a daydream about him.
“This is crazy,” she said as she broke free of her thoughts, got up, and tossed the empty cup into the trash bin. She was still pushing the image of him out of her head when she called Camiel.
“Camiel, you have time to hang with me today?” Lucy asked as soon as Camiel answered.
“Um, Lucy, I’m still with my Herald.”
“Oh, I see.”
“I’m at his house or I’d invite you over,” she said apologetically.
“Perfect,” Lucy sighed. “Are you doing the all-day thing with him?”
“I hope so,” Camiel said. “You sound upset. Share!”
“It’s nothing.”
“You sure?”
“Sure.”
“Ok, chat later then.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said hanging up.
Lucy struggling with thoughts of Chad that popped into her head throughout the day. She tried to read a romance novel. As she read, she would find herself picturing him as the hero and her as the heroin even though the characters in her book were not even remotely similar to them. No one would describe Lucy as a mousey brunette on the verge of being shown the whiles by an experienced lover ten years her senior. No, that hardly fit Lucy. Chad likely was an experienced lover, but ten years her senior? No, he seemed very close to her age.
She hadn’t pictured any of her past lovers in such a way. She thought of going back to the pool, but if she saw him what would she say?
As the party hour approached, she put down the book and started her search for that perfect little something to wear out for the night.
After settling on a little jean skirt and shimmery top, she decided she didn’t want to go back out alone.
Jenna isn’t busy. I could do a fix up, Lucy thought grabbing her phone.
“Jenna, did you call Gavin yet?” Lucy asked as soon as Jenna answered.
“No, I haven’t had a chance,” Jenna said.
“What’s his number? I’ll call and set it up. We’ll make it a double,” Lucy said intending to make up a lie about why Chad hadn’t shown and pick up someone else after they got there.
“Thanks,” Jenna said and read off his number.
“Be ready by eight,” Lucy said.
“Sure, but do you think he’ll come?” Jenna asked.
“He’ll come. I’ll tell him how irresistible you are.”
“Lucy, you’re the best,” Jenna said.
“Wear something sexy. Don’t disappoint.”
“Oh, ok,” Jenna said with a bit of hesitation.
“Second thought, I’ll bring you something that will stop him dead,” Lucy said thinking of the drab dresses Jenna wore at work.
“Would you?”
“No worries,” Lucy said grabbing a soft blue silk blouse from her closet.
“You have jeans, don’t you?”
“Sure, but I like my khaki’s.”
Hearing that, Lucy pulled a short black skirt from her closet and rummaged around until she found a pair of sling-backs.
“I’m bringing everything.”
“Ok,” Jenna said.
After they hung up, Lucy immediately punched in Gavin’s number.
“Gavin, Lucy Swan. We met at Bruno’s birthday party.”
“Yes, blond, tall, sexy.”
“That would be me. You’re free ranging, I hear.”
“Totally, you want to link-up.”
“I want to introduce you to a friend. Is tonight good?”
“Is she as hot as you?”
“She’s a sweet little number.”
“I like sexy, not sweet.”
“She’s sweet and sexy,” Lucy said picturing Jenna in the items she’d picked out.
“Time, place?”
“Nine, the Lunar Butterfly.”
“I’m there,” Gavin said.
Lucy got dressed and then headed to Jenna’s.
“Here, try these,” Lucy said handing her the clothes she’d brought.
Jenna carried them to her bedroom and put them on.
“Wow, these are great. The shoes are a bit tight though,” she said emerging looking a bit more vibrant than Lucy had ever seen her look.
“Can you manage?”
“I think so. I’ll take my loafers just in case.”
“No, loafers aren’t sexy. What else do you have?”
Jenna walked to the hall closet and opened a few shoe boxes until she found a pair of strappy sandals.
“Will these work? I wore them to my cousin’s wedding.”
“Perfect,” Lucy said as Jenna slipped them on.
“Now, let’s unbutton this button.” Jenna nearly blushed and as she unbuttoned it.
Lucy took Jenna by the shoulder, turned her toward a mirror and fluffed her hair for her.
“I look...”
“Vampish,” Lucy said.
“That’s good, right?”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
It was a little past nine when they arrived at the club.
“There’s Gavin.” Lucy waved him over to them. Jenna took a step back and Lucy had to push her forward.
“Gavin, this is Jenna.”
He looked at her as if he was ready to take a bite.
Jenna wasn’t sure why Gavin was looking at her that way. Usually, men like Gavin didn’t notice her. Lucy sure knew what men liked, Jenna thought running her hand down the blouse to the button Lucy had convinced her to leave undone. Gavin’s eyes were already transfixed there.
“Let’s find a table,” Lucy said moving ahead of Gavin and Jenna into the crowded room.
Most of the tables were occupied and it took Lucy awhile to find one that wasn’t.
“There,” she said heading for it.
They all sat down and Gavin was waving over a barkeep, when Jenna said, “Lucy, here comes your date.”
Lucy looked up to see Chad coming their way.
“Oh, I have to jet,” Lucy said standing up and bolting toward the exit.
She heard Jenna call after her, but she was already pushing her way through the crowd.
Chad hesitated as he watched her disappear. Baffled by her quick exit, he glanced at Jenna who shrugged so he turned and headed back the way he came.
Lucy was in her car before she wondered if she should have stayed and let the scene play out. She still couldn’t believe he was there. She had a good cover story to tell Jenna as to why he hadn’t shown. Now, she’d have to come up with something to explain why she hadn’t stayed.
“I definitely messed up that one,” Chad confessed to Jaminia when he returned to the bar.
“What’d you say? Where’s that girl you was after?” Jaminia asked.
“She left rather quickly when she saw me.”
“Oh, not from you. Well, forget about her then. I see my beauty over there,” Jaminia said his eyes straying to a tall beauty dancing a few feet from them.
“I’m taking off. I have an early flight to catch,” Chad said.
“Later then,” Jaminia said heading off toward the beauty.
Chapter 8
Lucy woke up Sunday morning and saw the Buns and Hunks magazines scattered about her room. She picked up the one with Chad in it and opened it to his photo.
“Damn, what was I thinking,” she said and grabbed her phone.
“Camiel, you up?” she said to a groggy voice on the other end.
“I am now,” Camiel said barely coherent.
“You alone?”
“Yes, Herald has a gig in Intertwine.”
“Up for some coffee?”
“Sure, give me twenty,” Camiel said with a yawn.
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
She couldn’t wait for the twenty minutes to pass and was jetting to Camiel’s after only ten. When she got there, she called Camiel from her car.
“Ready?”
“It’s only been like, what? Ten minutes.”
“You’re ready, right?”
“I guess. I’ll be down in a sec.”
“Morning,” Camiel said as she got in.
“Morning.”
Lucy jetted off as Camiel buckled herself in.
“What’s the rush?”
“I need coffee. I know this great new place.”
“Ok,” Camiel said watching her friend closely.
“Would this new place involve a guy?” she asked suspiciously.
“It’s that damn Buns and Hunks guy, Chad.”
“And, how did you find out his name was Chad?”
“I saw him Friday night.”
“And, I’m just hearing about this now.”
“He showed up at the pool and made his move.”
“And, you linked up?”
“Absolutely not. He had his chance.”
“Makes sense.”
“Then, he shows up at the Lunar Butterfly last night and heads my way.”
“And, then you linked up?”
“No, I ran out before he got to my table.”
“That is crazy.”
“I know.”
“And, now we’re going to this new place for coffee, why?”
“Because they have great coffee.”
“And?”
“He was there yesterday. I saw him right before I called you.”
“Really? So, that’s why you sounded upset. What happened?”
“He left before I could get to his table and I’m not sure if he saw me.”
“Probably not.”
“I want to run into him again and see what I can salvage.”
“And, you brought me along, why?”
“So when we run into him it looks random,” Lucy said as she pulled into a spot.
“Oh, ok.”
Lucy was looking for him before they even got out of the car and once inside she scanned the place. Disappointed, she said, “He’s not here.”
The same barista that had been there the day before took their order.
“Mr. Centerfold been in today?” Lucy asked her.
“No,” she said with obvious disappointment. “I’m hoping he’ll show. Give me something worth looking at.”
The barista nodded toward the crowded tables. It was then that Lucy noticed the coffee shop was filled with mostly all girls. All of whom seemed to be watching the door with great interest.
Lucy and Camiel took their coffees and headed for a table.
“Do you think the word spread and they’re waiting for him too?” Camiel asked.
“There were mostly older couples in here yesterday,” Lucy said.
“And, these girls sure are glammed up for this early,” Camiel said.
“Absolutely. Let’s drink our coffee and jet out of here. If he shows, he’ll be blinded by all this,” Lucy said circling the crowd with her eyes.
“Sure,” Camiel said. “This is great coffee.”
“So you want to come hang out by the pool with me?” Lucy asked as they got ready to leave.
“Well, I hate to leave you on your own, but I’ve got plans that don’t include you.”
“Harsh.”
“As if you’ve never.”
“Never,” Lucy laughed knowing full well that she had. “And, these plans would be with your Herald?”
“I’m meeting him at Intertwine. I’m going to blow off work and stay the week.”
“He’s got some kind of power over you then. You’ve never blown off work before, not even for my invitations.”
“He says he’ll take care of me.”
“And, you’re going to let him?” Lucy questioned thinking of how Camiel had said over and over again that she wouldn’t be in a financially dependent relationship.
“I can take care of myself well-enough no matter what.”
“Absolutely, no worries.”
“No worries.”
Lucy dropped Camiel off and headed straight for the pool when she got back.
“Damn, he’s not here either,” Lucy said as she looked around.
She decided to go straight to his rise. All she needed to do was find out which one it was. She headed to ask the manager for his room number. When the manager came to the front desk, she innocently twisted strands of her hair and began sounding distressed.
“This guy, Chad Norris told me his rise number but I got it all messed up and went to the wrong one. Would you mind helping me?” she asked.
The manager looked her up and down and willingly gave her Chad’s rise number.
“Sure, he’s a floor above yours, 321.” The older man said. Lucy nodded and turned. “If he’s too busy for you, you can always come back ‘round to see me,” the older man added.
Lucy pretended not to hear his last words as her long legs carried her clear of him fast.
She was glad she paid her rent online and hoped her rise would remain free of any problems that would require her to contact him any time soon. Still, it had been worth it to get Chad’s rise number.
Lucy knocked loudly on Chad’s door. As she stood there, she rolled the magazine up tightly. When there was no answer, she knocked again and put her ear to the door. There was no sound of movement inside. She let out a heavy sigh and went back to the pool hoping he’d show up there.
Chapter 9
Chad’s flight was uneventful but he was uneasy and fidgeted with everything around him in an attempt to take his mind off Lucy. By the time he arrived at the photo shot, he had pushed Lucy out of his thoughts, but only to replace them with thoughts of Nicole. He had met Nicole on his first photo shot. He was a fresh faced, eighteen year old, small town kid. Nicole was his age, but she was years ahead of him in experience, both sexually and worldly. She’d been in the modeling scene since she was six.
Chad, a high school football star had been selected by an agent who was keen on finding the perfect rugged boy look. The agent had scanned every small town paper for months before Chad popped up in the sports pages, his attention getting blue eyes looking out from under wild blond hair. Neither he nor his grandmother knew what to think when the call came in. It wasn’t the phone call they expected. They were hoping for a football scholarship. His grandmother reasoned that this might be his way to go to college. As much as she would love to have sent him, she simply didn’t have the money.
When he got on the plane for his first shoot, he found himself sitting next to the most beautiful women he’d ever seen.
“I’m Nicole,” she said extending her hand gracefully.
Nicole stole his heart the moment she looked into his eyes and he felt the soft velvet skin of her palm against his. By that night he was experiencing the soft velvet flesh of her entire body. He should have known then it was too soon to tell her he loved her. Naively, he believed it when she said she was in love with him too. Chad had no idea Nicole was setting him up the same way she had worked through dozens of other men.
She always seemed to need money for this or that and Chad had no problem giving it to her. At first, it was only small amounts until one night she turned on the tears, swearing she was in desperate need of six hundred dollars.
“I hate to ask. I thought I had it covered but apparently the check from my last gig bounced and now my finances are in such a mess. I know I can get it straightened out, and I’ll pay you back. I’m good for it,” she swiped a tear away.
“I’ll have to call my grandmother and have her transfer it. Most of my money goes straight to a bank account for my college tuition.”
“Why can’t you transfer it?”
“It’s in her name.”
“Can you use your bank card?”
“I don’t have one.”
“Well, your credit card then.”
“Nicole, I don’t have a credit card.”
“What have you been living on?”
“My grandma gave me a prepaid before I left. It’s nearly gone now. It’s too late tonight, I’ll call her tomorrow.”
He pulled Nicole to him wrapping his arms around her.
“I’m not feeling that great. I want to be alone,” Nicole said pushing him away before she stood up and headed back to her own room for the night. Chad could tell something had changed, but he wasn’t sure what. He decided maybe it wasn’t too late to call his Grandmother after all.
“Hi, Grams.”
“Chad,”
“Did I wake you?”
“No hon, I was reading my stories. Is something wrong?”
“No, not really. Everything is going great. I’ve even met a girl.”
“A girl, hum.”
“Grams, she asked me for a favor. She had a paycheck bounce and needs money for her car payment.”
“Hum,” Grams said suspiciously. “How much?”
“Six hundred, could you transfer it tomorrow?”
“Well, of course it is your money, but how well do you know this girl?”
“We’ve been together all week. I, I think she’s pretty special.”
“And, she feels the same?”
“Yes, she does. I can’t wait for you to meet her.”
“I’m sure I’ll be pleased to meet her. Now, I know this sounds silly, but take some advice from your old grams and have her sign an IOU.”
“Oh, Grams, she said she’d pay me right back.
“Yes, but people don’t always do what they say even with good intent. I’ll transfer the money first off.”
“Thanks, Grams.”
“I love you kid.”
“I know. Love you too. Bye, Grams.”
“Bye, Chad.”
Chad headed to Nicole’s room to let her know that he’d called his grandmother after all and he’d have the money for her first thing tomorrow. When Chad knocked on Nicole’s door, he thought he heard a man’s voice. He excused it away as being the TV.
Nicole opened the door wide-enough that he could see the photographer sitting on the edge of the bed wearing only his boxers. When she saw it was Chad, she closed the door part-way in a vague attempt to block him from seeing inside.
“Chad, I didn’t expect you tonight,” she said plainly.
“I can see that. What’s he doing here?”
“I don’t see where that is any of your business.”
“It sure the hell is!”
“No, it’s not. What do you want anyway?” she hissed.
“Not a thing, not a damn thing!”
“Whatever!” she said closing the door.
Chad walked around the hotel for hours. He even went into the bar, but since he wasn’t old enough for even a beer he ordered a coke, drank it fast and left. He was distraught and exhausted. He walked to Nicole’s room two times, determined to get her to explain. But, each time he got there all he could manage was to crumple down in the hall and stare at the door. A night watchman helped him to his feet the first time.
“Buddy, you ok.”
“Yeah,” he mumbled.
“You can’t stay here. You best move along.” The night watchman took a few steps away and watched until Chad was in the elevator.
The next time was a couple coming back to their room.
“This is our room. I’ll call security if you don’t leave,” the man said.
Chad got up and stumbled away like a drunk. In the early morning hours, he finally went back to his room and toppled onto the couch and fell into a fitful sleep.
He nearly slept through his wake-up call and had to drag himself into the shower.
Chad didn’t see Nicole, but it was all he could do not to confront the photographer who went about taking Chad’s picture as if nothing had happened.
When the shoot was over, Chad checked out of the hotel and flew home without another word to Nicole. He never told his grandmother what had happened, he simply deposited the money back into his account when he got home.
“What expression is that?” the female photographer asked. Her words bringing him back to the here and now.
“Deep thought,” Chad said.
“No. Deep thought is no good. Smile, laugh, look like you are about to explore the world,” she said.
He did smile as he thought of who he’d like to explore. It wouldn’t hurt to imagine her in that red dress for a good photo shoot.
“Better, much, much better,” she said.
Chapter 10
Lucy arrived at work later than usual on Monday and headed straight into Kareen’s office with the confidential folder and her ideas.
“Here’s what I’ve got,” she said handing Kareen her notes.
“Good, I was hoping you’d get here soon,” Kareen said as she looked over the ideas.
“These are great. Wonderful ideas,” Kareen paused and pushed her chair back looking at Lucy. “I would promote you if you had your degree. How soon will you finish?”
“I’m waiting for a male professor to teach the last classes.”
Kareen looked at her somewhat puzzled.
“Easier to pass that way,” Lucy winked.
“I bet. They don’t all go for that, do they?”
“Not all,” Lucy replied, “But enough and it’s easy to find out which ones do from the other girls.”
“I hope you find one soon then. That degree would be a great benefit to you. No matter how much I’d like to, I can’t promote you without it,” Kareen said and then added, “I can give you a slight increase though.”
She scribbled down an amount and handed it to Lucy.
“Great, I could use the extra cash,” Lucy said looking at the amount Kareen had scribbled down. It wasn’t a huge increase, but Lucy would make good use of it.
“Now, go finish this up. I need to do the presentation this afternoon and remember it’s still confidential until after the presentation. Strictly confidential.”
Lucy nodded and headed back to her desk. She was tempted to hand it off to Jenna, but Kareen’s stern reminder about it being confidential stopped her. It also wouldn’t hurt to put off seeing Jenna until she came up with a reason why she took off so fast Saturday night.
She had been making good progress when her phone rang. She decided to ignore it and continued working on the presentation. A second call came in and moments later Kareen was at her door.
“Good you are in here. You didn’t answer your phone.”
“I was in the middle of this.”
“How soon can you have it done? They moved the presentation up. They want to catch an earlier flight back.”
“What time?”
“Eleven.”
Lucy checked the time and did some calculating in her head.
“Consider it possible.”
“Perfect!”
Lucy finished the presentation and delivered it to Kareen a few minutes before eleven and then headed out for lunch. She ran into Jenna before she got out the door.
“How was your night with Gavin?” she asked.
“He’s so hot and he was all over me. I gave in quick,” Jenna bubbled.
“That was the plan, right?”
“Well, no I didn’t want to be such a slut. I wanted to draw it out a few dates. I’m hoping to hear from him again,” Jenna said with love struck eyes.
“I’m sure you will,” Lucy said knowing that Jenna probably wouldn’t ever hear from Gavin again and if Jenna tried to call him, she’d find he’d blocked her number.
“So, why’d you leave so fast? I thought you and Mr. Centerfold were hooking up.”
“I was only there so Gavin and you could link up.”
“You weren’t there to hook up with him?”
“Not at all. He’s boring. The sex can only take you so far,” Lucy said.
Jenna nodded and looked as though she understood.
“I’ve got to get going,” Lucy said.
“Ok, see you later.”
Lucy continued on her way out the door and walked around the block to grab a sandwich from The Lunch Station. She ate it at the outside picnic table that overlooked a fake goldfish pond and then walked back to work. The rest of the afternoon, no matter how she tried she couldn’t stop thinking about Chad. She was trying to concentrate on some filing when Kareen came in.
“Lucy, they loved it. We got the contract.”
“Good.”
Kareen looked at her for a moment and then went on her way. After Kareen left, Lucy decided to go home. Once there, she went straight to Chad’s rise and knocked on his door. When there was no answer, she headed for the pool. He was not there either. She waited for a few minutes and then went back to her rise and put in a movie. Half-way through the movie, Camiel called.
“Camiel,” she said.
“Lucy, it’s so outrageous here.” Camiel’s voice radiated. “You up for a drive to Intertwine tonight?”
“How long of a drive?” Lucy asked.
“About an hour,” Camiel said. “My Herald plays his first number at nine.”
“I can manage. Let me make a call.”
“You’d better come.”
“I’ll come. It’s a matter of whether I’m coming alone or not.”
“Oh! Anyone I know?”
“Trek. You remember Trek don’t you?”
“Of course, I remember Trek. That would be great. Hope he can come,” Camiel said feeling disappointed Lucy hadn’t said Chad.
Lucy called Trek right after she hung up with Camiel.
“Trek, you busy tonight?”
“Lucy?” he asked.
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
“I have plans, but if you’ve got a better offer.”
“I’m headed for Intertwine. Camiel’s new guy has a gig there.”
“Outrageous, I’m there.”
“Nab me at seven,”
“Same rise?” Trek asked.
“Same rise.”
Lucy spent the next hour getting ready. She was looking forward to going to Intertwine. She knew she wouldn’t run into Chad there and Trek had proven himself in the past to be a good-time. And, a good-time was exactly what Lucy needed.
“Woe wee,” Trek whistled when Lucy got into his car. “Don’t you look tempting? You know a guy could get ideas.”
“As long as it’s strictly fun and more fun,” Lucy said.
“Of course!”
Trek put the car into drive and sped off.
“Wicked how we bumped into each other at the Arc. Haven’t seen you around in awhile. Thought you might have vacated,” Trek said.
“It’s a big town. How’s Petrie?” Lucy said checking out her nails.
“I wouldn’t know. You seen any of the rest of the all nighters?”
“Only Camiel.”
He nodded.
“Would you believe I’m a corporate man now?”
“I would not.”
“I am, for Ringer and Steel. Part of the dream team.”
“You,” Lucy said searching through the CD’s stacked in his center console.
“It’s not bad, I’ve always had an eye for quality,” he said putting his hand on Lucy’s thigh as soon as she closed the console. Lucy popped in the CD she’d found and sunk deeper into the leather seat.
“Do you remember the night we blasted this tune?” she asked.
“Definitely, I can’t listen to it without remembering that night.”
He moved his hand up a little higher and started to hum along with the song. Lucy joined him. After the song was over their conversation drifted easily into reminiscing about going out and the good times they had together.
They arrived at Intertwine in high spirits and joined Camiel at the bar.
“Oh, I’m so glad you made it,” she said embracing Lucy. “Hi Trek, you look good.”
“So do you,” he said to Camiel.
“Here comes my Herald,” Camiel said looking toward the stage.
“That’s your Herald?”
“Yes, that’s my Herald,” Camiel said as Herald stepped off the stage and came toward them.
“Herald, this is my bestest friend, Lucy.”
“Ah, yes, Lucy,” Herald said squeezing her hand.
“Hello Herald,” Lucy said.
“And, this is Trek,” Lucy said introducing him.
“Nice to meet you, Trek.”
“Same.”
“I need to get back up there,” Herald said looking back toward the stage. He kissed Camiel and returned to the stage. Camiel watched her Herald walk all the way there. After he took his place beside the others, she turned to Lucy and Trek.
“The girls have a table. Trek, you will be surrounded by beautiful women tonight,” she said.
“Great,” Trek said grabbing Lucy by the waist and pulling her close as they walked to the table.
“Girls, this is Trek and Lucy. Dana, Macy, Pink, and Shasha,” Camiel said pointing to each as she introduced them. They all exchanged greetings and ordered drinks.
“A cola, you can do better than that?” Pink said when Trek ordered a pop.
“Not tonight, I have to take care of my girl. She can kick it up,” Trek said. “And, I’m feeling light already in the company of you intoxicating girls.” He leaned toward Pink and brushed his fingers down her arm.
“Ooh,” she said and scooted her chair closer to him as the band started to play.
“Lucy, dance?” Trek asked pulling her up as he stood.
“Absolutely.”
“I get the next one,” Pink said.
Herald’s band was good and the dance floor had gathered a crowd.
“Looks like you have a fan,” Lucy said glancing over Trek’s shoulder at Pink who was watching Trek instead of her man in the band.
“Not interested,” Trek said as he pulled Lucy closer.
It felt good to feel his warmth as he whispered in her ear. “Do you want to know what I am interested in?”
“I think I remember.”
“Good.”
They danced through a few songs and then Pink broke in. Lucy rejoined Camiel at the table.
Camiel was full of pride as she leaned to Lucy and asked, “What do you think?”
“They’re good and your Herald looks adorable,” she said as they exchanged a smile.
Trek only danced one dance with Pink and then he led her back to the table and slid his chair closer to Lucy. Pink didn’t seem to mind and scooted her chair right against his.
“I’ll be right back,” he said to Lucy. He got up and headed to the bathrooms and Pink followed. Lucy and Camiel both got up then and also headed for the bathroom.
“Hey, no-one’s in here but us,” Lucy said seeing that all the stall doors were open.
“I guess so,” Camiel shrugged.
“So, where did Pink go?”
“Backstage, maybe?”
“Trek probably wouldn’t mind if she didn’t come back.”
“Yeah, what’s up with that?”
“Which one of the guys is she with?”
“Not sure,” Camiel shrugged and put on fresh lipstick.
“Let’s head back.”
Trek was sitting back in his chair when Lucy and Camiel returned. Pink’s chair was empty.
“Looks like wherever she went, she’s still there,” Camiel said.
“Good.”
Trek stood up before Lucy could sit down.
“Time to split and head back,” he said to Lucy.
“Wow, I never thought I’d see the day when Trek was the first one out.”
“He’s got a real job these days. Has to be in early, very early. He’s one of the suits now!”
“For real?” Camiel asked in disbelief.
“Yes, but I don’t have to wear a suit. Only jeans on this hot bod.”
“Harold should be breaking soon. Are you sure you can’t stay?”
“Next time! It was a pleasure, ladies,” Trek said. Again he pulled her close keeping his hand around her waist as she said good-bye and they headed to his car.
“You aren’t going to believe this,” Trek said once they were driving away.
“What?”
“That girl, Pink. She came right in the men’s bathroom and stood watching me. She asked if she could help me out.”
“What?” Lucy tossed her head back and laughed a throaty laugh. “We wondered where she was. So, how’d you make it back to the table before us? I would have thought that would have taken a bit longer.”
“I didn’t take her up on it.”
“You have changed.”
“No, I wasn’t interested in her.”
“Really? Saving yourself for someone else?” Lucy leaned closer to him resting her elbow on the console.
“Yes, if you’re interested.”
“We’ll see. It is getting late,” Lucy said as she searched for another CD.
Trek drove them straight to his place.
“Take me home,” Lucy said sweetly before he pulled in the lot.
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“Whatever you say?” Trek said sounded agitated. When Trek dropped her off, she leaned over and gave him a kiss, before she got out.
He speed off and Lucy walked up to her rise and crawled into bed. She slept soundly for the first time since she’d met Chad.
Chapter 11
“Yes, that is what I needed,” she said to herself as she got dressed for work the next morning.
She hadn’t even settled in at her desk before her phone rang.
“Lucy, since I got such a great response from our last campaign. I could use your help on another one,” Kareen said.
“Ok,” Lucy said.
“Come to my office.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said and headed that way. When she got there, Kareen unlocked the cabinet and pulled out several eye popping bags and matching shoes.
“Coordinating opulent shoes and bags. Expensive!” Lucy said.
“Yes, very. Bicanoes to be exact,” Kareen said.
“I suppose I can’t have them,” Lucy said.
“Heavens no! We need to make them hot sells.””
“These will sell themselves.”
“Sshush,” Kareen smiled.
Lucy was already picturing models going down the runway with them.
“I’ll be back with my idea.”
“Alright,” Kareen said.
Lucy went back to her office and drew a quick sketch. Then she grabbed her things and headed out the door. She was off to the salon to mull it over with G.
“G, can you fit me in?” Lucy said as she saw G escorting a client to the door.
“Lucy, sure. You look perfect. What do you need?” G said surveying her from head to toe for any imperfections.
“Help with another campaign.”
“Fun, fun! Come with me,” G said. They walked to a retro couch along the back wall. Lucy took a seat beside G and put her sketch on the coffee table in front of them.
“G, these bags and shoes are exquisite. The models will touch these and want them for their own. I wish I could show you, but they are locked down tight. They’re Bicanoes!”
“Oh love. They do sound fantastical,” G said.
“This is what I have,” Lucy said bending forward to the sketches. “The models won’t be wearing anything flashy. We need all the attention on the bags and shoes.”
“Yes.”
“We need a name for the entire line. Something for the girl having a blast.”
“Seduction,” G suggested.
“Hum, no. Rapture.”
“Done and done again.”
“Cherished.”
“You nailed it.” G snapped his fingers.
“Yes. Be Cherished Anywhere,” Lucy said and scribbled it down in the margin.
“Ah, the hard work is done.” G poured them each a glass of wine.
“Celebrate.” He raised his glass in a toast.
“Absolutely.”
“Hon, I’ve got to be finishing up here,” G said as he noticed the time.
“Do you have plans for later?”
“Are you going to the Lunar Butterfly?”
“Matter of fact, yes. I’m taking Tiff. Want to come along?”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
“Primp time,” G said as he fluffed her hair.
Lucy applied fresh lip color and smacked her lips together loudly. G grabbed the feather boa hanging on his station and tossed it around his neck.
“I’m wearing this. PerfecT, yes?”
“Yes,” Lucy giggled and marveled at how well it worked for him.
“Tiff loves it.”
“I’m sure she does,” Lucy said and then asked, “Can you pick me up?”
“Sure, sugar bean. I need to pick up Tiff and she’s just ONE street OVER-uh huh,” G said in a sing-song fashion as he danced around a bit.
“Tiff won’t mind?”
“She’ll love you,” G said. “Ninish then.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy smiled.
Chapter 12
Lucy went back to the office. As soon as Lucy had her ideas down, she slipped the file in the drawer and gathered her things. As she was leaving, she noticed that everyone else was gone. She looked to see what time it was and found that it was already after five o’clock.
“Wow, how’d that happen?” she said as she peeked into see that even Jenna was gone.
After she got home, she went to the pool where she relaxed for a few hours before returning to her rise to get ready.
Hum, what to wear, she thought as she pushed shirts and jeans aside to look deeper into her closet.
“There you are,” she said as she pulled out a suede skirt and paired it with a bisque silk blouse. “Perfect,” she said at her reflection and hunted through the shoes. As she pulled the ones she liked from the tangled mess, she heard her phone ring.
“G.”
“Yes, sug. Ready?”
“Two secs and I’ll be down.”
“You sure you don’t want me to come on up and help?”
“Got it,” she said as she grabbed a small clutch and slipped her essentials into it and headed out the door.
“Tiff, this is Lucy. I’ve told you about Lucy,” G said after Lucy got in the back seat.
“Yes. Hello Lucy. You do make for some great stories,” Tiff said.
“I’m sure I do,” Lucy said.
“I’m in the beauty industry, like G. That’s how we met. I was doing the show and I saw G straight away in the audience. And, mind you, it was a full house and there G was, in the middle toward the back. His hair was longer than. Well, I do this bit where I pull someone from the audience and we do a total makeover. G didn’t need one, but I pulled him on up anyway. Didn’t I?” G nodded. “Well, you know usually we picked gals and so I had all these props for them and well, I just used them on G and he radiated in them.”
Lucy watched as Tiff touched the feather boa tenderly.
G took over and said, “That’s how I got this.”
He flipped the end of the boa tapping Tiff’s wrist.
“He was a spectacular success. The crowd roared when he did a total runway walk down and back.”
Tiff had barely finished talking when G pulled up to the Lunar Butterfly.
“We’re here. Virtual baby, virtual,” Tiff said stepping out of the car.
“Diamond stud at the door,” G. said.
“Absolutely,” Lucy agreed.
“You land that luscious centerfold guy yet?” G asked.
“He’s vanished,” Lucy said.
“Really, such a shame,” G said.
“Not at all,” Lucy said.
“Let’s wrangle,” Tiff said as they moved easily through the crowd with G swooshing his feather boa all the way. They found a table that had a reserved sign sitting in the center.
“They knew we were coming babes,” Tiff said as she moved the reserved sign to the edge of the table.
“And, there’s your diamond stud,” G said motioning to the man they had seen when they came in.
“You too enjoy. I’m going to circle,” Lucy said as she got back up and moved toward the diamond stud.
“Well, hello,” she said sliding next to him.
“Hello, I’m Jay,” he said reaching for her hand. “Dance with me.” He led her out to the dance floor. It only took one dance for both of them to realize there was no spark between them. When the song finished, Lucy turned to walk off and bumped into someone. She said, “Excuse me.” And, then she saw who it was. “Chad.”
“This isn’t going to work you know,” he said as he looked deep into her eyes.
“Why’s that?” Lucy said.
“Us.”
“I think we could work just fine,” she said tucking her blonde hair seductively behind her ear.
“I’m involved with someone right now,” he lied to buy himself some time.
“Seriously?” Lucy said.
Chad nodded.
“Too bad,” Lucy said as she leaned closer. “She wouldn’t have to know.”
“Um, right, I don’t do things that way,” he said and took a step back hoping she didn’t notice the affect she had on him.
“Let’s try being friends,” he said.
“Friends,” Lucy said thinking it over for a minute and then nodded.
He grinned and felt that familiar tug inside as he watched her. It was a good time to leave.
“Well, Lucy. I have an early flight,” he said.
“So, this is good night?” Lucy asked.
“This is good night.” Without thinking he took her hand and kissed it tenderly sending a pulse through her.
“Ok, see you around,” Lucy said trying not to react to the strange tingle she felt.
She stood there still tingling listening to the music as she watched him go. He was nearly out the door when he turned around to take one last look at her. He closed his eyes. Instantly, her image was imprinted there and he could not blink her away.
“She’s way too beautiful,” he uttered under his breath.
Lucy stood for a moment longer and then headed back to rejoin G and Tiff.
“Well, was that who I think it was?” G asked when she returned.
“That was Chad, Mr. Centerfold,” she said.
“Fancy him being here.”
“Yes. I’m going to head out,” Lucy said.
“Is he taking you home?” G asked with a smile.
“Ah, no. I’ll grab a cab.”
“Alrighty, if you must.”
“G, Tiff, have a good-night,” Lucy said.
“Always,” G said and gave Lucy a hug.
After the cab driver dropped her off, Lucy called Camiel.
“Camiel, he wants to be friends. Can you believe that, friends.”
“Hold on, who wants to be friends?” Camiel asked.
“Chad.”
“You saw him again?”
“Yes.”
“And, he wants to be friends?” Camiel asked.
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“He says he’s involved.”
“Oh.”
“Now, what?” Lucy asked.
“New territory here. Can’t help you,” Camiel said.
“Camiel,” Lucy pleaded.
“Hey, I’ve never been in that situation,” Camiel said.
“Thanks a lot.”
“Well, I’m being honest.”
“Ok, I just have to play it cool,” Lucy said.
“I guess.” There was bit of silence “Wait, aren’t you friends with G?” Camiel asked.
“Bestest,” Lucy said.
“Well, think of him as G,” Camiel said.
“He’s not G,” Lucy said remembering the tingling sensation she’d felt after he’d kissed her hand. “He is definitely not G.”
“No, but you can fake it,” Camiel said.
“This is hopeless. Damn him for being involved,” Lucy said.
“Damn him straight to hell. You’ll figure it out. I’ve got to go.”
“Ok,” Lucy said clicking her phone off.
Chapter 13
As she drank her coffee the next morning, she decided to see if G could help. Like Camiel said, she was friends with him. She finished her coffee and headed for his salon.
She called a greeting out to G as soon as she walked in.
“G.”
“Lucy doll,” he said taking a step away from his client.
“When’s your next break?” Lucy asked.
“Just a poof, poof, and spritz and we’ll have this one fab.”
The women in the chair smiled and nodded.
“I’ll gravitate for a bit, thumb through the stacks,” she said sitting down and picking up a magazine.
“So doll what’s up? Does your boss need more ideas?” G asked.
“No, this isn’t’ about that. I need your help.”
“Oh, Lucy do share.”
G took the chair next to hers and put his hand on her knee leaning forward with great interest.”
“That centerfold guy, Chad,” Lucy hesitated.
“Yes, the one from last night,” G licked his lips and leaned closer to her.
“Yes, he wants to be friends.”
“Friends,” G said swaying back.
“He says he’s involved,” Lucy said.
“Oh sugar,” G said.
“G. How do I do it?” Lucy sighed.
“You don’t,” G said.
“What?”
“You can’t change who you are. You’re a prowler. So, here’s the game,” G said moving in closer. “Next time you see him, tell him some creepy guy’s been hitting on you.”
“Ok,” Lucy furrowed her brow obviously questioning how that would work.
“Wait, I’m not done. Ask him if he’d go with you strictly as a friend. Tell him that even one slow dance would probably be enough to send this guy off. Zitto gone.” G snapped his fingers.
“Might work.”
“It most certainly will. You get him there and well, kitten, you work it like you always do.”
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
“Oh, doll my next chicky-chic is here. By the way-your blue shadow is mag.”
“Isn’t it!” Lucy fluttered her lashes and kissed him on the cheek.
“Ums doll. Now, go work it and wear that blue! And, be sure to share what happens with me.”
After work, Lucy set out to run into Chad. Her first stop was the café. She ordered a coffee and took a corner seat where she had full view of the door, but where she would not be easily seen by those entering. Luck was with her and she wasn’t there long when he entered. She watched him order his coffee and waited until he turned toward the tables.
“Hello friend,” Lucy said loudly and waved to get his attention. He smiled and headed her way.
“Hello Lucy. Been here long?”
“Only a few. Join me.”
She patted the chair next to hers, gave a friendly smile, and met his eyes briefly before looking away as if something more interesting caught her attention.
“Sure.”
“Good to see you here,” she said in a very casual tone.
“And, you as well,” he said just as casually.
“May I ask you a favor?” she said looking at him and then away again.
“You may.”
He played along but his eyes narrowed and his brow furrowed in suspicion.
“Could you rescue a gal in a bit of a bind?”
“What would it involve?” he asked curiously.
“I promised a friend I’d go to the Lunar Butterfly on Friday, but there’s this creepy guy who’s been hitting on me there.”
“Would that be the one you were dancing with last night?”
“Um, no. The creepy one wasn’t there last night.”
“I see. So, some creep is hitting on you and you want me to accompany you so he stops, right?”
“If you could, as a friend,” Lucy flashed her best innocent and helpless look. “Strictly friends. Unless your serious is in town, then I understand,” she said giving him an easy out.
“Lucy,” he said obviously pleased. “I would be proud to join you.”
“We can even meet up there,” Lucy said.
“Alright,” Chad said.
“Friday, at around nine,” Lucy said getting up.
“See you then,” Chad said.
Lucy called Camiel as soon as she left the café.
“Camiel, G set me on to a plan and I’ve already set part of it up.”
“Great.”
“I’m going out with Chad strictly as a friend.”
“Perfect,” Camiel said.
“I need you there too.”
“You do,” Camiel said.
“Yes, I asked him if he could meet me at the Lunar Butterfly, because there’s this creepy guy who’s been hitting on me there. I told him I promised a friend I’d be there,” Lucy said.
“When?”
“Friday, around nine.”
“Great. I’ll be back in town.”
“Alright!”
“Later.”
“Later.”
For the next few days, Lucy avoided the places where Chad might be. She stayed clear of the café, the pool, and watched out for him coming and going from her rise. Even though she wanted to see him, she didn’t want to do anything that might ruin her chance to be with him on Friday. She was so relieved when Friday came.
“Lucy, you have plans for this weekend?” Jenna asked late that afternoon.
“Absolutely.”
“Oh. I haven’t heard from Gavin and I’ve left him a message every day. So, I was kind of hoping I could hang with you this weekend.”
“Not tonight. My plans are fixed.”
“Are you going to the Lunar Butterfly?”
“That’s a nice blouse you’re wearing,” Lucy said to change the subject.
“Um, thanks. If you are, I could meet up with you there and then, maybe run into Gavin.”
“You know, come to think of it, I think I heard he’s back with his ex. Let me make a call.”
“Really. Oh, I hope not. He is so hot.”
“I’ve got to get this done,” Lucy said turning away from Jenna.
“Ok, let me know.”
“Sure.”
Damn, I hope she doesn’t decide to just show up, Lucy thought as she heard Jenna walk away. With that Lucy decided it was time to head home. She still hadn’t decided what to wear and thought if she didn’t find something she might have to make a special trip out.
When she got home, she tried on nearly everything she owned.
“Damn, still too sexy,” she said as she pulled off another shirt and tossed it onto the ever growing pile. “I have to find something more, “friend-worthy”.
The blouse Jenna had on flashed in her head. “Yes, something like that.” She headed for the spare closet remembering a simple white blouse that she had gotten for a job that she only worked at one day. She dug deep into the closet and found it at the very back. “Yes, this looks like Jenna’s. Perfect,” she said as she checked herself in the mirror. “Not too low cut, not too tight, not glam.” In fact, it was the plainest thing she had ever worn, but tucked into her tight black jeans it still showed off her curves well-enough. Lucy took it back off and put a hot pink cami underneath it. Then slipped into a pair of peep-toe pumps and grabbed her matching clutch to make it something she could feel good going out in.
Chapter 14
She arrived late and saw him leaning against the wall next to the front door of the club. He had one leg bent resting his foot on the wall. He looked sexier than ever.
“I can do this,” she said taking in a deep breath.
He greeted her with a warm friendly hug and then wrapped his arm around her waist as they entered.
This is friends. This is doable, she thought.
She noticed a guy starring at her as they moved through the crowd to find a free table.
“That’s him,” she whispered not wanting to pass up a prime play.
“I see. Nothing like being too obvious,” Chad said and pulled her closer.
Lucy held back the urge to cozy up to him.
“Do you think this is deflecting him?”
“It sure doesn’t look like it,” Chad said noticing the guy was still starring at Lucy.
He pulled out her chair.
“He’s still watching you,” Chad said.
Lucy nodded.
“Want to dance?” Chad said.
“Drinks first.”
“What do you drink?” Chad asked.
Lucy bit her lower lip as she thought a moment and Chad felt his heart beat harder. “Pink Ice.”
“Pink ice it is. He’s still starring at you,” Chad said and leaned in and kissed her cheek. “I’ll be right back.”
She felt all tingly and confused. Without thinking, she winked at the guy now just a table away. He was quick to make his move and was at her side in an instant.
“Hello darling,” he said slowly as his eyes traced her from top to bottom.
“Would you care to dance?” He outstretched his hand and the light hit on his tattoo, a single spider. He pulled her up before she could answer. As soon as he had her away from the table, he breathed heavily into her ear.
“I know what you need.” His words had a menacing sound to them.
“I should get back to my table,” she said and started to pull away.
He grabbed her tightly and jerked her in the opposite direction. She tried again to break free but he held her firmly and she realized he was pulling her toward the exit. Lucy stomped hard on his foot and pushed herself away from him, but he grabbed her back again. She started to fight him off again as he pulled her toward the exit. He didn’t get far before he ran into a brick wall. The brick wall was Chad.
“She’s here with me,” Chad said reaching for her.
He snorted and stepped past Chad with Lucy in tow. Chad drew back and his strong punch caught him in the jaw. Lucy was suddenly free as she heard Chad yell, “Go.”
Lucy watched as Chad and the guy exchanged a few more punches and then Chad was helping her push through the crowd and out door.
“I laid him out, but we need to hurry.”
They didn’t look back and made it quickly to the car.
“What was that about?” Lucy asked once she caught her breath and they were speeding away.
“That was about Spider and he was about to snag you,” Chad said.
“What?”
“You’ve never heard of Spider?” Chad asked.
“No. What do you mean snag me?”
“He nearly had you out the exit and if he had, things would have turned ugly fast,” Chad said.
She looked at Chad dazed and in disbelief.
“I shouldn’t have left you alone.”
“How do you know all this?”
“You should know about him too and be more careful. It’s been all over the news. Stay far away from him.”
“I thought it was a safe place,” Lucy said in her own defense.
“It isn’t anymore. He’s a troller and once he makes you his mark he won’t be dissuaded easily,” Chad said. “He doesn’t know who you are, does he?”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“How many other times did you say he’s been there?” Chad asked.
“Only one other time. I left before he got to me that night,” she said not wanting to admit that what she told him was all a lie.
“Good thing you invited me along tonight then,” Chad said.
“Good thing you came,” Lucy said relaxing a bit. “I better call my friend, Camiel and let her know I left.”
“There is one more thing.”
“What’s that?”
“Now he’ll be hunting us.”
“What?” Lucy said tensing up again.
“Yes, if he can get any info at all, he’ll find us.”
“Oh,” Lucy said disheartened.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Chad reassured her.
“Well, I did wink at him,” she said.
“What, when?” Chad asked.
“Tonight.”
“Tonight, so why again did you need me along if you were interested in him?” Chad asked angrily.
“It wasn’t that I was interested, just wanting the attention. It’s complicated,” Lucy said.
“You sure got the attention. Was that enough for you?” Chad asked angrily.
“I said it was complicated,” Lucy said growing angry too.
“Look, I just can’t do this.”
They both fell silent for the rest of the drive as the lights blinked past them. He parked his car and walked with her to her door.
“Here you are safe, whole, and unharmed. Try to stay that way,” Chad said turning swiftly and leaving her standing there. She opened her door and called Camiel.
“Camiel, I’m not at the club but I need a ride back to pick up my car there,” Lucy said.
“Ok. I’m already at the club and there’s police all over down here,” Camiel said.
“Really?” Lucy said.
“Yes,” Camiel replied.
“Are you inside?”
“No, they aren’t letting anyone in.”
“Good. Come get me. I can fill you in on what happened when you get here.”
“You were part of this?” Camiel asked.
“Yes, I was,” Lucy said.
“I’ll be right there.”
Camiel picked up Lucy and she started to explain.
“Chad and I met up and this guy tried to nab me.”
“What?” Camiel said in disbelief.
“Chad was getting drinks and I was feeling edgy about the whole friend thing and then this guy was watching me, so I winked and he asked me to dance. Figured it would play in to the whole scene so I went for it. Instead of dancing, he started pulling me toward the exit, but Chad got to me and clocked him good.”
“Oh, my God.”
“Chad said something about him being Spider.”
“Spider, Spider is a thug. He’s leads around a group of thugs and they do unspeakable things, especially to women,” Camiel said.
“Oh,” Lucy said.
“Thank goodness Chad got to you in time.”
They saw the flashing police car lights as soon as they approached.
“Look, they’ve arrested him,” Camiel said seeing him being put in one of the cars.
“Where’s your car?”
“Up there? Drop me off here and I’ll manage.”
“Ok, but I’m waiting until I see you drive off.”
Lucy stayed behind the crowd and eased her way to her car watching every direction but no one approached or paid any attention to her.
She started her car and eased out and down a side alley. Then, she called Camiel.
“Camiel, I’m on my way home.”
“I’m right behind you.”
“Really, I’m ok. You can head home.”
“Are you sure?” Camiel asked.
“Yes. They have him,” Lucy said.
When she got home she turned on the news and sat down as they broadcasted the guy being led out in handcuffs, looking defiantly at the camera. The darkness of his eyes frightened her now. Her personal alarm should have been going off in full alert as it always did around creeps and no goods the minute he approached her. Chad had her more thrown off than she realized.
Now, she sat there stunned as she listened to them say that Spider was the prime suspect for the torture, rape, and murder of four women. She felt ill as she vaguely recalled hearing of the murders but didn’t realize the killer was in her territory.
“Oh,” she said as it sunk in that she may have been the next victim if not for Chad. She now realized that even returning for her car had been a very foolish move. But, she was just as certain that she wouldn’t have winked or danced with Spider if Chad hadn’t kissed her and mixed her up so much. She flicked off the channel trying to remove herself from the terrifying event. Her sleep was restless with violet scenes of what could have happened. She woke up terrified several times and had to convince herself she was safe.
Chapter 15
On Saturday morning, Lucy couldn’t get the previous evening off her mind. Her phone rang and she found herself hoping it was Chad. It was G wanting to know how the night went.
“Disastrous,” Lucy said.
“Tell,” G said.
“It was all his fault.”
“Of course it was. What happened?”
“G, he’s got me so messed up,” Lucy sighed and fell silent.
“More,” G urged.
“Well, we get to the Lunar Butterfly and there was this guy staring at me. So I used it.”
“Good.”
“Yes and No. Yes, because before Chad went for drinks he kissed me.”
“And, the No?”
“I was so scrambled that I ended up winking at the guy and it was a creep named Spider.”
“What, you winked at Spider?” G asked.
“I didn’t know it was Spider. I didn’t even know who Spider was.”
“And then?”
“Did you see the news?”
“I caught something about Spider being arrested at the Lunar Butterfly. Oh my God, you were part of that.”
“Yes.”
“Do tell.”
“Like I said, I didn’t know who he was and he pulled me up to dance. At first, I thought we were just dancing, but then he wouldn’t let me go and was pulling me toward the exit.”
“What, good heavens, how did you get away?” G asked.
“Chad got there and clocked Spider good.”
“Whew, thank goodness for Chad. What a champion. Did you thank him proper?”
“No, he was pissed. G, he dropped me off and he hasn’t called,” Lucy said.
“Give him time sug. Give him time.”
A moment of silence passed between them and he heard Lucy sigh.
“Hey sug, let’s go blow through the night. You can hang with my gals, no thugs there for sure,” G said.
“Perfect.”
Camiel called a little later to make sure she was ok. She invited her out, but Lucy told her she’d already made plans with G.
Lucy stayed out nearly the entire night with G. She was having so much fun with G’s gals that it kept her thoughts off the previous night’s event. Chad was a different matter. As unlikely that it was that he would be there, she found herself looking for him. She even thought she saw him a few times only to be disappointed when she realized it wasn’t him.
It was early the next morning when G dropped her off at her rise. Exhausted, she collapsed in her bed. With the help of the drinks, she slept until noon and when she woke up, Chad was the first person she thought of.
Annoyed that he kept invading her thoughts and upsetting her days, she showered and dressed and then went straight to his room. She knocked loudly on his door. It was time to settle this.
There was no answer and as she stood there, the cleaning lady came by sweeping the floor.
“He’s moved out,” the cleaning lady said.
“What?” Lucy asked.
“He’s moved,” she repeated and continued sweeping the floor.
Now what, Lucy thought. Her head was throbbing and suddenly her whole body hurt. Not wanting to be alone in her rise, she went to the pool.
She wasn’t there long when she got a call from Camiel.
“Hey, Lucy. What you doing?” Camiel asked.
“Hanging by the pool,” Lucy replied.
“Oh, waiting for Chad,” Camiel said.
“Absolutely NOT,” Lucy said wrinkling her brow.
“Wow, sorry. Why the attitude?” Camiel asked.
“Camiel, I am so moving past him,” Lucy said.
“Why?” Camiel asked confused.
“He’s moved out and didn’t even call,” Lucy said.
“Really?” Camiel asked.
“Yes,” Lucy said.
“If he didn’t call, how do you know he’s moved?” Camiel asked.
“The cleaning lady told me,” Lucy said.
“She would know. They know everything,” Camiel said.
“They sure do.”
“You got plans for tonight? You could hang with me and my Herald,” Camiel said.
“Sure,” Lucy said.
“It’s Daddy Longlegs,” Camiel said testing the waters. She knew it wouldn’t be Lucy’s first or probably last choice but it was Herald’s favorite spot.
“Really,” Lucy said scrunching her face displeased by Camiel’s pick.
“Yes. It’s my Herald’s fav.”
“Of course.”
“Meet us there at ten.”
“Absolutely.”
“Later,” Camiel said.
Chapter 16
Even though Lucy had never been there, she knew you could only get into Daddy Longlegs if you wore all black. She settled for a black t-shirt, black mini, and black fishnets. Rebelling against the completely black code, she strung a red velvet ribbon around her neck and nearly slipped into her red shoes, but went for her black boots instead.
When Lucy showed up at the club, Camiel was waiting outside for her.
“You look unbelievable. And, you say Black isn’t your color, please,” Camiel said. “My Herald is parking the car.”
“You look fantastic yourself.”
“Yes, black is my color. Oh, here comes my Herald.”
“Ladies,” he said as he put his arm around Camiel’s waist and then starting walking toward the entrance.
All kinds of foreign smells wafted out as they entered Daddy Longlegs. Inside it was dark, so dark that they could only make out shapes near the candle lit tables.
“You have to feel your way around,” Camiel said.
“Right. Let’s get a table,” Lucy said hoping her eyes would adjust before she stumbled over someone.
“Here, put this on,” Camiel said handing her a neon band.
“Oh, that helps,” she said sarcastically.
“Well, at least you’re not invisible.”
“Yes, I am. Is there something sexy about my neon band that’s going to attract my hook-up?” Lucy said as she fashioned it around her wrist.
“Sure, the color let’s guys know you’re on the hunt. See Herald and I both have green and yours is yellow,” Camiel said holding out her arm band.
“Great, so I get to make my pick by a glow band. Perfect place for the totally unfortunate crowd.”
“Give it a chance. This is where I met my Herald,” Camiel said giving him a squeeze.
“I’m so happy for you,” Lucy said.
Lucy fondled her way through the crowd and others got a grab and snatch of her as well. It was nice to feel the heat from those around her. Still she wished she could see their faces so she would stop imagining they were Chad.
Herald found an empty table and he pulled out Camiel’s chair and then Lucy’s.
Lucy peered into the darkness and found it hopeless. She could not see anything beyond the glow bands.
“Great, Lurch is coming,” Lucy said as a dark silhouette with a yellow glow band moved toward her.
“Here’s the trick, when he passes the next table the candle will light up his face. It you’re not interested remove your band and poof you disappear.”
Lucy watched and as she suspected, the guy was definitely not her type so she slipped off her wristband and slipped away from the table for an extra measure of hiding. She didn’t go far, circling just beyond the tables light. In the darkness it took awhile before she realized someone was following her.
This guy doesn’t give up, she thought and stopped long enough for the figure to move past a table. She didn’t realize that the nearby candle also illuminated her face and he met her eyes with a wicked glare. Lucy started to bolt, but he was fast on the grab pulling her away from the tables. Lucy screamed for Camiel.
“I think that was Lucy,” Camiel said alarmed as she peered through the darkness.
“Find her. I’ll alert the bouncers to hit the lights and guard the exits.”
Lucy screamed louder and grabbed blindly trying to get hold of something. Chairs tumbled over and people seemed to move out of the way rather than help.
In the dime light, she saw a statue near the door and was able to clutch it tightly. Spider pulled her harder, but he couldn’t pull her free.
He turned on her and she felt a sting across her face and then a sting across her arm but she would not let go and managed to kick and pull away from him. She started to run but he grabbed her hair and yanked her back. She lost her balance and fell to the floor still screaming for help.
The lights came on and Camiel saw Spider was dragging Lucy across the floor. Camiel grabbed something from one of the tables and bashed him hard. He did not let Lucy go. Camiel pulled out her stun gun. Lucy saw a spark of light and heard a thud as Spider landed next to her.
“Croc,”-he roared.
Camiel helped Lucy to her feet.
“Lucy, hurry move this way.” She rushed her toward the exit.
The bouncer let them pass and they stood outside for a moment to catch their breaths and look for Herald.
“I shouldn’t have brought you here. I wasn’t thinking of Spider.”
“Neither was I. I thought they still had him in jail,” Lucy said.
“That was the last I heard too.”
Lucy’s head felt twisted. She was totally messed up. They moved further away from the exit. Camiel looked back and spotted her Herald coming out into the street lights. He caught up to them quickly and grabbed Camiel’s elbow.
“Girls, you alright?” he asked.
“She’s been cut,” Camiel said and pointed to Lucy.
It was then that Lucy felt the wetness on her face and arm. She lifted her arm up and Camiel wrapped her scarf firmly around it.
“Is it bad?” Lucy asked.
“We’ll check it later when we’re clear,” Camiel said.
“My cars right across the way,” Herald said as he led them toward it. “Camiel, when we get you home, you’ll need to pack quick. We have to jet you both out of here and let’s pray we’re not followed,” he said.
He looked at Lucy as he helped her into the back seat. He grabbed a first aid kit from under the seat and handed it to Camiel.
“Camiel see if anything in here will patch her up.”
Camiel slid in next to Lucy tearing through the case and pressed a gauze bandage on Lucy’s cheek. The pain rushed her and she closed her eyes.
“I think the bleedings stopped but keep pressure on it. I’ve got a patch kit at home so we’ll fix you up good there. Doesn’t look too bad though. Let me see your arm. A bit of bleeding through the scarf so we’ll leave that be for now too,” Camiel said as she held Lucy’s arm up.
“We’ll get some cash on our way to your place,” Herald said.
“How did he get out? They arrested him,” Lucy said.
“Bail or threats, I suspect,” Herald said. “We have to get you someplace safe. Both of you.”
“Where can we go?” Lucy asked.
Camiel thought for a bit and then said, “My aunt‘s place. We can go there.”
Once they reached Camiel’s rise, Herald and Camiel helped Lucy out of the car. She was feeling a bit dizzy, but managed to walk on her own.
“Herald, grab me some basics. I’ll patch her quick. Lucy take this,” Camiel said handing her something from the medicine cabinet.
Lucy swallowed it and dutifully placed her arm over the sink. Camiel pulled a chair over and had Lucy sit on it.
Lucy unrapped the scarf that was saturated now as Camiel ran cold water on her arm.
“I’ve ruined your scarf,” Lucy said.
“Oh, that ‘ol thing. Toss it and let me see your arm,” Camiel said.
Camiel cleaned the cut and wrapped it with a clean bandage.
“Now, let’s see your cheek.” Camiel wiped off the blood and butterflied it together. There good enough. Neither look that bad.” She tossed clean bandages into the bag along with the pain pills she’d given Lucy.
“Do you think Spider’s dead?” Lucy asked.
“No,” Camiel said but Lucy knew they couldn’t be sure.
“Once I get you gals safe, I’ll make a call and see what I can find out,” Herald said as they went back to his car. He helped Lucy into the back seat.
“Herald, you’re at risk now too,” Camiel said.
“Sweetie, I’m untouchable, I’m a Herald.”
Lucy wasn’t sure what he meant by that but saw him wink at Camiel and that was the last thing Lucy remembered as she fell into a drug induced sleep.
Chapter 17
“Lucy, we’re here. Are you awake? Can you walk?”
Camiel was standing over her with a concerned look on her face.
“Ah, wait, sure. I must have crashed,” Lucy said looking around dazed.
“You sure did. Soon as you hit the seat. You’re still bleeding a little so take it easy.”
Lucy’s arm felt numb until she moved and the pain shot through her.”
“Argh,” she managed before reeling back into the seat.
“Here, try again.”
“Goodness, is this her? Let her be. I’ve still got Larry’s wheelchair. I’ll fetch it right off,” Aunt Gretchen said on approach.
“Aunt Gretchen will fix you up. She was an army nurse. She taught me the basics. That’s how I managed to patch you so good,” Camiel said smiling proudly.
Aunt Gretchen returned and they helped Lucy into the wheelchair and took her into the house. The house was saturated with a heady medicinal smell from something brewing on the stove.
“Easy with her. Now, when did this happen?” Aunt Gretchen asked.
“Few hours ago,” Camiel said.
“Looks like the bleeding has nearly stopped. Good job, Camiel,” Aunt Gretchen said as she started to remove the bandage for a closer look.
“The herbs should be ready. Camy girl, mix Lucy up a cup.”
Camiel stirred up the rich green brew and ladled off some into a cup and set it aside to cool.
“Oh heck, this isn’t anything to worry over. Not deep at all. Looks pretty clean.”
Lucy went pale as she glanced at the cut.
“Stay with me, Lucy. I’m going to clean it a bit more. Did you give her anything?”
OTC pain killer is all.
“Should be alright,” Aunt Gretchen said as she checked to see if the brew had cooled.
“Lucy, sit up and drink this as fast as you can.”
Lucy nodded and gulped it down not caring that she spilled some on her shirt.
“Good, good. I know it taste dreadful.”
Lucy felt her eyes closing again as she laid her head back down. She didn’t fall to sleep but within minutes she felt comfortably numb.
“Ok, Camy hold her arm over the bowl while I clean the wound.”
As she began cleaning the wound she turned part-way to Camiel and asked, “By the way who’s the fellow.”
“I’m Herald,” he said.
“Nice to know you, I’m sure,” Aunt Gretchen said tossing a quick smile his way.
“Ah, yes. Same here,” Herald replied.
“Herald, could you pour me a bourbon?”
She pointed toward the pantry.
“Sure.”
Herald spotted the many bottles all slightly different but the bourbon was easy to recognize among them. He grabbed a glass from the dish rack and poured it and handed it to her. She took a long swallow and then applied some ointment to Lucy’s cut before she bandaged it up.
“All done, not bad. Shouldn’t take long to heal.”
Aunt Gretchen looked at Herald and Camiel.
“She’s ready to be moved to the guest room. And, Herald, hum, I’m afraid I can only offer you the couch. It’s fairly comfortable so I’m told,” Aunt Gretchen said.
“The couch will be fine,” Herald said.
“And, no shenanigans. Don’t you two go thinking I’m a sound sleeper because I’m not,” Aunt Gretchen added sternly.
“Auntie,” Camiel said as if shocked and then exchanged a warm smile with her.
Lucy was already drifting off and as soon as they settled her in, the night faded into restful dreams thanks to the herbal brew.
Aunt Gretchen was wiping down the table and putting things away when they returned.
“Ok, kiddos. How about I make you my famous potatoes and smoked sausage? It has been a long night after all.”
Auntie it’s 4:00 am. You don’t need to cook for us.”
“Heavens child. It ‘s not like I could let my guest sit around with his tummy growlin like that.”
They both glanced at Herald.
“You heard that? Sorry,” Herald said.
“Loud rumbling and no lightening in site, what else could it be? Here now, it will only be a bit. Have some tea while you wait.”
“This isn’t the same tea you gave Lucy is it?” Herald asked as he took it eying Aunt Gretchen with suspicion.
“No, this is a much more pleasant one and will not make you numb,” Aunt Gretchen laughed.
“Good. That other looked and smelled bad,” Camiel said wrinkling up her face.
“But it did the job.”
“Yes, it did. Auntie, let me help you,” Camiel said stepping in to see what she could do.
“Sure, grab that box of au gratin potatoes from the pantry. They say the frozen ones are better, but I like mixing it up myself so I can adjust you know. And here’s the sausage,” she said displaying it with a lustful look in her eyes.
“Auntie.”
“What you think I was never a young girl?” Aunt Gretchen asked.
“Should I take my tea to the other room while you girls, ah, prepare the sausage?” Herald asked.
“Probably would be best. Auntie may want to take revenge on her last bad relationship.”
“Pish-posh. That was months ago. I’m over with that now,” she said.
“So, you been playing with any real sausage lately?” Aunt Gretchen asked as soon as Herald was out of the room.
“Auntie, um, this really isn’t the right time,” Camiel said with a smile that told auntie everything she needed to know.
“So prude. You definitely take after my sis. But, no need to answer. I see it in both your eyes. Got it bad for each other and then some. Hand me the milk.”
“He’s the greatest Aunt Gretchen,” Camiel said as Aunt Gretchen took the milk.
“I may tend to agree with you there if everything I’ve seen so far is true to form.”
“Oh, it is and then some.”
“Well, this is just about done. Let’s get your man back in here.”
Camiel found Herald relaxing on the couch and brought him back to the kitchen.
“Now kids. Do we need to call the cops on the one that did this to her?” Aunt Gretchen asked as she set the table.
“We think he’s been caught, but I need to make the call,” Herald said and pulled out his phone.
“Auntie, I had to stun gun him so we could get away,” Camiel began to explain.
“I see. Did you hit him with a high charge?” Aunt Gretchen asked.
“Medium, but he went down fast.”
“Never know how people will react to those.”
Camiel explained more about the situation and told her about Spider. They waited apprehensively as Herald talked with someone on the other end of the line. When he relaxed a bit, so did they.
“It’s alright, Camiel. He’s alive and back in jail. No one really saw what happened.” Herald went to her and hugged her tightly.
“Oh good. That’s so, so good,” she said.
“You and Lucy still aren’t in the clear though since he saw you,” Herald said.
“Well, at least he’s back in jail. We’ll deal.”
“We’ll deal,” Herald nodded.
“If you need to lay low here for awhile, you can,” Aunt Gretchen said.
“Thanks, but Lucy is most certainly going to need to relocate since this was her second run in with him,” Camiel said. “And, we sure don’t want to bring you trouble Aunt Gretchen.”
“Hah, trouble finds me whether you bring it or not, but I appreciate the concern.”
They settled in for a quiet early morning meal and talked until the sun came up. Occasionally, someone would look in on Lucy and find she was sleeping soundly.
She woke up to find Camiel peering down at her.
“Morning, how you doing?” Camiel asked.
“Uh. Good. I think. Hurts to move. Guess last night was real,” Lucy said looking at her bandaged arm.
“Really real,” Camiel said.
“Did Herald get any info on Spider?” Lucy asked.
“He lives. I only stunned him.”
“Too bad. No, I don’t mean that but only for what it would mean for you,” Lucy said.
“I know and from what my Herald found out they haven’t named us yet. Or, I should say they haven’t named me. You, well, he was already hunting for you,” Camiel said apologetically. “It won’t be safe there for you.”
“No, I suppose it won’t,” Lucy said and then added, “But, change is good.”
She got up and looked in the mirror at the cut on her cheek.”
“A bit of makeup will cover that,” Camiel said.
“Yes, it’s not bad at all.”
“Does your arm hurt?”
“Not too much.”
“My aunt said we could lay low here.”
“No, farther would be best. I should head back and pack up my things in case he gets out again.”
“I agree! He’ll have his thugs out looking for you.”
“Today, then,” Lucy said.
“You feel up to it?” Camiel asked.
“I don’t think that matters. I’ll be alright. What about you?” Lucy asked.
“Well, I haven’t slept but I can hang a bit and take turns driving and dozing with Herald on the drive back. He’s resting now. If we give him awhile, he’ll be fine,” Camiel said.
Camiel looked at Lucy and asked, “You need anything for the pain?”
“I’m still good. It really wasn’t that bad. I’ll need help with my things though.”
“Of course,” Camiel said.
“Is there any coffee? I would love some,” Lucy said.
“Yes. I’ll get you a cup,” Camiel said and headed into the kitchen.
Yes, it is time for a change, Lucy thought as she sat on the edge of the bed waiting for Camiel to return with her coffee.
Chapter 18
“Auntie Gretchen, I thought you’d be asleep,” Camiel said finding her making biscuits in the kitchen.
“Oh no. Haven’t’ had this much company in days,” she winked. “Besides, thought our patient could go for a good old fashion breakfast. She doing ok?”
“She wants coffee,” Camiel said.
“She’s doing ok then.” Aunt Gretchen nodded and grinned.
“I’ll see if she can manage some food. She’s not much of a breakfast person.”
“Ah, never can understand those types, but she’ll need to eat something,” Aunt Gretchen said.
Camiel nodded and left the room with Lucy’s coffee.
“You hungry?” Camiel asked as she handed Lucy the cup.
“Not really,” Lucy said.
“Well, Auntie Gretchen won’t let you leave until you’ve eaten,” Camiel said.
“Oh, I’ll manage then. Nothing heavy,” Lucy said.
“Herald will pick up the slack. You should have seen him devour her smoked sausage au gratin last night. Well, actually, it was this morning, but I’m sure he’s already hungry again,” Camiel said.
The table was filled with a simple meal of biscuits, bacon, and scrambled eggs. Lucy managed a buttered biscuit while Herald and Camiel filled up on the rest of the offerings.
After breakfast, they thanked Aunt Gretchen, said good-bye, and started back to gather what they could from Lucy’s rise.
“I’ll need boxes,” she said as they drove back.
“You know, why don’t you call movers?” Camiel asked.
“If anyone is watching your place it will be safer. They can move it to storage for you,” Herald added.
“Hum, yes, you’re right. G might be able to recommend someone. I want to let him know I’ll be moving away. He’ll miss me,” Lucy said.
Lucy called G and left a quick message. Then she called Kareen explaining what had happened and why she wouldn’t be returning to work. She wanted to salvage a good reference if she could.
Kareen said she would have Jenna pack up her office things and send them as soon as she was settled at a new place.
“Now, I need to decide where I’m going,” Lucy said after hanging up with Kareen.
“You’ve always liked the ocean. That would give me a great place to visit,” Camiel said.
“There’s nothing wrong with the mountains,” Herald said.
“I need vibes. The ocean would work. The place has to have motion.”
Herald frowned and then smiled at Camiel.
“You’ll go to the mountains with me, won’t you?” he asked.
“Sure thing babe, but let’s get Lucy settled first.”
“Yes, me first. I was thinking the East Coast where the sun always rises.”
“A New England state?”
“Virginias,” Herald said still thinking about the mountains.
“How will you get set up there? You have money hiding that I don’t know about?” Camiel asked.
“You remember that rich guy I married. He left me tons of cash,” Lucy laughed.
“And, you’ve been holding out on me. For shame,” Camiel said.
“I always find a way,” Lucy said.
“That you do. That you certainly do,” Camiel said.
Lucy’s phone rang.
“Yes,” she said to Kareen.
“Lucy, I’ve got great news,” Kareen said. “I’ve made a call to our office in Milan and they said they could use you. But, that’s not the best part. A friend has a holiday home there and after I told him your situation, he offered to put you up until he returns to it.
“Excellent. I’m good for this,” Lucy said.
“I trust that you are,” Kareen said.
“Absolutely.”
“Great. I already have Jenna packing up your office things. She was livid when I told her. I think she even cursed under her breath.”
“She did?” Lucy said in mock surprise and laughed at the thought of poor Jenna packing her things. Jenna often talked of going there and was working hard to get a transfer and now, without any effort at all, Lucy was on her way.
“Ok, I’ve got to go. Call Jenna and she’ll set you up with your travel arrangements,” Kareen said.
“Absolutely! You’re the best, Kareen,” Lucy said.
“No problem. Doing what I do best, managing things. Call me when you get settled. I want to know how it’s going.”
“Absolutely!” Lucy hung up and turned to Camiel who was starring at her.
“Well?” Camiel said.
“Everything is set,” Lucy said with a huge smile.
“What?” Camiel asked.
“Kareen’s set me up for a transfer to the sister office in Milan.”
“Milan. Milan, Italy?”
“Yes, and that’s not all. She has a friend who will let me use his holiday home. She has Jenna setting up the travel plans already,” Lucy said.
“That could only happen to you,” Camiel said shaking her head in disbelief.
“It must be my true path,” Lucy joked.
“I wish I had your path instead of mine,” Camiel said.
“Hey,” Herald said taking offense and Camiel gave him a tight squeeze.
“Herold, we need to get on the next highway to loop over to Lucy’s,” Camiel said noticing they were near the exit.
“Alright.”
Camiel turned the music up and they sang along for the rest of the way.
“My place isn’t far,” Lucy said as they got close.
“Right up there,” Camiel pointed.
“We’ll have to hustle. I know it won’t be easy with your arm,” Herald said as he pulled into a spot.
Lucy emptied out two overnight bags and they started repacking them.
“Only essentials. The movers can get the rest.”
“I think I’ll let you girls handle this,” Herald said as he grabbed a soda from the fridge and walked out into the hall.
It didn’t take them long to fill the overnight bags.
“I think that’s it. We don’t need to be hanging here,” Lucy said as Herald grabbed the bags and headed out in front of them.
“Yeah, Spider’s thugs are likely to be around,” Camiel said.
“Exactly. And you two need to be careful. You don’t want them to see you with me. I hate that I’ve brought you into this. I hope you’ll stay safe,” Lucy said.
“Herald will protect me. We’ll stay under the gauge until we can get a gig in LA going,” Camiel said as Herald put the bags in his car.
“LA, I thought he wanted to go to the mountains,” Lucy said.
“He does, but there’s more call for him in LA and he’s got friends there,” Camiel said.
“So, have you told Herald yet?” Lucy asked.
“No, I just decided that’s where we should go.”
“What are you two talking about?” Herald asked.
“You and I are going to LA,” Camiel said.
“We are?” Herald asked.
“Staight away. You can set it up, right?”
“Um, I’ll need to make some calls,” he said.
“Sounds like it’s settled,” Lucy said.
“Yes,” Camiel grabbed him and gave him a quick kiss.
“We’ll have to live low though. Small studio, a few gigs and day jobs. We’ll get by alright. But don’t forget your paying the tab when we visit,” Camiel said as she planned it out.
Lucy made a cross with her index fingers then nodded.
“Are we done?” Herald asked.
“Yes, the movers can handle the rest,” Lucy said.
“Let’s get the heck out of here girls,” Herald said.
“Absolutely,” Lucy said.
Lucy called Jenna for the flight information. Jenna wanted to chat, but Lucy cut her off and said she’d call her later. Herald and Camiel helped Lucy get checked in at the airport and said good-bye.
Chapter 19
It was dark and Lucy was tired when the cab pulled up next to the townhouse. She pushed through the gate and under the security lights she noticed the walk to the house was filled with flowers and bushes on each side. Pretty, she thought as she made her way to the entrance. Lucy punched in the numbers Kareen had given her and after she heard “code accepted, security deactivated,” she opened the door and called Camiel.
“Camiel, I’m here,” she said as soon as Camiel answered.
“This place is regal,” Lucy squealed as she dropped her bag and ran over to the couch and fell onto it.
“You made it. Good,” Camiel said. “And, the place is nice.”
“Very,” she said looking around.
“Did you have a good trip?”
“It was long.”
“How’s your arm?”
“Fine.”
Lucy bounced up off the couch and started to inventory the lower rooms as she talked with Camiel.
“You would not believe these rooms. They look like the ones in magazines.”
“Really.”
“Yes, I need to check out the upstairs.”
“Upstairs.”
“Yes,” Lucy said as she went up the stairs and looked into the first room. “The bedroom looks nice and there are three more rooms.”
“Wow.”
“Oh, Camiel this is the one I’m taking,” she said as she flopped down onto the queen size bed. She stretched out across it as she described it to Camiel.
“This bed is huge. Beats the futon I had in the city. Room to roll,” she giggled.
“You are in it by yourself aren’t you?”
“For now, but it would be great to share,” Lucy said.
“I bet.”
“The bedding is white and fluffy and the walls are a pale pink and bordered with pink and green flowers. The curtains are lace.”
“I would die to have a room like that,” Camiel said.
“I’ll bring this stuff back with me,” Lucy said.
“You can’t do that.”
“No, but, I can enjoy it while I’m here,” Lucy laughed as she rolled out of it.
“And, what other great stuff do you have there?” Camiel asked in an intentionally jealous tone.
“Oh, let me see,” Lucy said as she headed down the stairs and into the kitchen.
“The kitchen is small,” she said and started to open the cabinets, “but well-stocked.”
Making herself right at home, she removed some treats and made some coffee.
“What did you find?” Camiel asked when she heard crinkling.
“Some sweets and I put on some coffee. I wonder how long I can stay.”
“Your boss didn’t say.”
“She’s checking.”
“Even a few nights is great,” Camiel said.
“Well, it is empty. Someone might as well get some use out of it.”
“Still,” Camiel said.
“Still,” Lucy said as she poured her coffee into a pretty mug and pulled up a stool to sit on.
“Hey, I’ve got to go. It sounds great there. I’m envious as ever,” Camiel said.
“It’s perfect here. You off for a date with your Harold?”
“Yes, and we’re making our plans to move.”
“Great. Chat later then.”
“Of course, later.”
They hung up and Lucy put her phone down and began to look through the rest of the cabinets. She was impressed with how well stocked it was with the owner gone. She didn’t plan to eat in much while there though. She even thought of heading out on the town tonight, but decided after the long flight it was time to get some sleep.
Chapter 20
Molly Duval was sitting behind her mahogany desk starring intently at her computer screen when Braxton came in with her cup of tea and the morning printouts. Molly picked up Lucy’s resume and looked it over.
“Braxton, this Lucy Swan, she has no credentials,” Molly said taking the tea and adding two sugar cubes.
“None, but Ms. Conners highly recommends her.”
“And, she’s in some kind of trouble,” Molly said raising an eyebrow.
“Yes, trouble with a thug and his gang,” Braxton said.
“And, they don’t think he’ll follow her here?” Molly asked.
“No. He’s a local thug and he’s in jail for the time.”
“We don’t need any publicity of that respect nor do I want any of my people involved.”
“Of course not, Ms. Duval,” Braxton said.
“Well, keep up on his status. If he gets released, she’s gone or if there is any trouble of any kind, she’s gone. In fact, I’m doubtful she’ll be here long,” Molly said setting the resume aside.
“How old is she?” Molly asked.
“Twenty four, I believe,” Braxton said.
“Twenty four and no credentials. How lax. I had my credentials at twenty. And I’m supposed to help her along,” Molly said shaking her head.
“If you would be so kind. Ms. Conners said all she needs is a push in the right direction,” Braxton said.
“A push. We’ll see,” Molly said obviously doubtful.
“She should be arriving soon,” Braxton said.
“Bring her in straight away when she does,” Molly said as Braxton left.
Molly went back to searching the latest fashion show photos going through every detail from every designer looking for the right angle for a new campaign. She heard a tap on her door.
“Ms. Duval, Lucy Swan has arrived,” Braxton announced.
Molly looked intently at Lucy and scrutinized every detail without moving from behind her desk.
“So, you are Lucy Swan,” Molly said.
“Yes, I am,” Lucy said exuding confidence against Molly’s intimidating gaze.
“I trust you had a good flight,” Molly softened.
“No problems,” Lucy replied and extended her hand for a handshake.
Molly took Lucy’s hand and turned it over to examine her nails.
“A nice manicure. Did you get those done here?”
“No,” Lucy said.
A moment of silence passed between them.
“I’ll have Braxton show you to your desk and acquaint you with the rest of the staff.
Molly nodded at Braxton and leaned back on her desk. Braxton escorted Lucy out of the office and down the hall.
That went well, Lucy thought feeling that unfamiliar twinge of self-doubt again.
Molly went back to her search. This time she was searching for models with a certain look. She had looked over more than a dozen models when Lucy’s face popped back into her head and she realized Lucy had the look she wanted.
I bet she’s very photogenic, she thought to herself and buzzed Braxton.
“Take Lucy down to studio B and have Carmon get some shots of her in our new line.”
Lucy was surprised when Braxton told her of Molly’s request.
“I’m not here as a model,” she said as he took her to the studio.
“Ms. Duval is keen on these matters,” he said.
The bright lights of the studio made Lucy blink. Carmon rushed to her squeezing her tightly and pecking each check as if they were old friends.
“Lucy Swan, we must get you ready.”
Carmon held her at arm’s length.
“Beautiful, yes! Molly was right.”
He snapped his fingers.
“Katti, please fit Ms. Swan.”
Katti smiled and showed Lucy to the dressing rooms.
“I’m Katti.”
“I’m Lucy.”
“That was Carmon. Umn, you haven’t modeled before?”
“Not since the high school pageant and runway show. Thought, I was here for promo work.”
“Molly has other ideas. She’s got a good eye. She sometimes pulls girls off the street. Last month, she brought in a girl she spotted at the market. She worked out splendid and is now off doing our commercials. Here put this on. I’ll be right back,” Katti said handing Lucy the clothes.
Katti made her way to studio A to greet another model.
“You must be Chad Norris,” she said when she saw him.
She was used to handsome men but something about Chad took Katti’s breath away.
Goodness girl, keep your head about you, she thought as she cleared her throat and showed him where to change.
“Can I bring you a beverage?” she asked with the curtain safely closed between them.
“Coffee would be good,” he said.
“Sure, what flavor?” Katti asked trying not to sound as eager as she was to make a good impression on him.
“Flavor? Oh, regular with one cream and one sugar.”
“Got it,” she said rushing off.
She was tingling all over. Girl, this is no way to be. You have to attend to your work, she reminded herself.
She poured a cup of coffee and carried it into studio B stopping as she saw Lucy but too late to undo her mistake.
“Coffee, great,” Lucy said as she took a sip. “Hum, this is so good. What is it?”
“Regular with one cream and one sugar,” Katti said.
“Oh, I forgot how good sugar was in coffee,” Lucy said and smiled blissfully.
“Do you want one without sugar?” Katti offered.
“No, this is divine,” Lucy said.
“I’ll be back in a bit then,” Katti said.
Katti rushed out and fixed another cup of coffee for Chad.
“Here’s your coffee,” she said handing it through the curtain to him.
“Thanks,” he said opening the curtain enough for her to see in.
“Carmon will be with you shortly,” Katti said as she got another look at Chad Norris and the dazzle set in.
She went back and poured herself a cup of coffee.
“Wooh,” is all she said as she sank into a chair to regain her composure.
After she recomposed herself, she went back to check on Lucy who was changing back into her own suit.
“Can you wait here for a bit?” she asked.
“Absolutely.”
Katti went to download the photos. As she did, she felt sure Ms. Duval would approve of them.
As soon as Carmon had finished Chad’s shoot, Katti called Ms. Duval.
“Ms. Duval, the images of both models are ready for you.”
Molly opened up the file and printed them off. She laid them out on her table trying different layouts of Lucy and Chad.
“Yes, these will do.”
“Braxton, you can send Ms. Swan home now. These worked well.”
Braxton found Lucy still waiting in Studio B.
“Ms. Duval instructed me to let you know we have what we need and you are free to leave now. We’ll be in touch. Good Day!” he said.
“Ok, bye.” Lucy said a bit confused.
Once she was out the door, she called Camiel.
“You won’t believe this?” she said before Camiel even said Hello.
“What?” Camiel asked.
“I’m a model,” Lucy said.
“Wow, no way,” Camiel said.
“Absolutely. My first day of work and I went from office gal to glamour gal,” Lucy said.
“That is so unreal,” Camiel said. “I have good news too.”
“Share,” Lucy said.
“Herald and I are headed for L.A. We’re somewhere in Oklahoma now. Herald has some friends in Arizona we can hang with and then on to L.A.”
“Great! Ok, time for me to go,” Lucy said.
“Enjoy,” Camiel said.
“Absolutely,” Lucy said looking around.
She spotted a little magazine and coffee stand. She ordered a coffee and glanced over the magazines in the racks. She bought one with her coffee and took a seat at the small outside table.
“Lucy,” a surprised voice said.
She looked up to see Chad standing there.
“Chad,” Lucy said equally stunned.
“Are you stalking me?” he asked.
“Ah, no! I was already here,” she said.
“No, I mean did you follow me here?”
“I had no idea you were here,” Lucy said defensively.
“Oh,” he said. “Let’s start over.”
“Ok,” Lucy said leafing through the magazine.
“So what are you doing here?” he asked.
“Well, I was enjoying this fabulous coffee. Did you know how good sugar makes it?” Lucy said licking her upper lip as her eyes met his.
A wave of heat passed between them. Lucy leaned forward and Chad pulled her to him and kissed her passionately. When he released her, Lucy licked her upper lip again.
“Delicious. More, I want more,” she said.
Chad smiled and kissed her again.
###
