What Hurts The Most
By Cheyenne Barnett
Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Barnett
Smashwords Edition


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your
favorite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard
work of this author.

Book Cover Made By Cheyenne Barnett
Stock Photo By: Pixabay under the Public Domain license. Changes were made.




Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen 
Chapter Nineteen
Epilogue
Acknowledgements
About the Author

Chapter One
Wedding planning was much more stressful than I thought. There was just so much to decide on and so little time. I mean, there’s the guest list, hiring the photographers and the caterers, deciding on and mailing invitations, getting the dress, planning the honeymoon, and booking a florist. And that’s not even close to the end of my to-do list! It was just so hard to do all of this on my own, but I knew in the end, it would be worth it. 
Next month, I get to marry the man of my dreams. Finally, my fairytale ending will come true. Nick and I met the very first day of high school. I was going to my last class and someone bumped into me, causing me to drop all of my books. It was Nick. He was probably the cutest thing I had ever seen. He had short, brown hair and icy, blue eyes. He was also rather tall, around six foot three, I suppose, and when our eyes met, something just clicked… He apologized multiple times as he helped me pick up my things, “I’m so, so sorry, ma’am! I should have been watching where I was going,” I remember him saying. 
‘Ma’am’ was what really made me smile. He was so polite and friendly, it kind of caught me off guard. Turns out, he was heading for the same class as I was. And that day, our English teacher, Mrs. Evans, put us all in assigned seats. That was when I got to learn this mystery man’s name.
Nickolas Vaughn. 
She put us in alphabetical order and I was somewhat glad she did. I didn’t know anyone in the class and since my last name was Woods, I knew I would be in the back row, just the way I liked it. “Alexandria Wilder, Caroline Woods, and Nickolas Vaughn, you have the last three seats.” She said.
Nick smiled at me as we took our seats. If I remember correctly, that was the very first time I had ever felt butterflies in the pit of my stomach, and if it weren’t for Mrs. Evans and her seating arrangements, I don’t know if Nick and I would have ever spoken to each other again. 
After the first week of school, I knew almost everything about him. He was a football player, he wanted to join the Army, he loved music, his favorite color was blue, his parents were Italian, and he was the only child, as was I. 
Pretty soon we were inseparable and the rest is history.
I smiled, thinking back to my first days with him. It was probably bad to say, but I couldn’t remember a single memory of high school that he wasn’t in. To this day, my best friend, Heather, complains at how much time I spent with him, but I couldn’t help it. I mean, don’t you remember the first time you fell in love? It’s like all you want to do is be around that person and when you’re not, nothing seems right.
Once my daydream ceases, I pull myself together and begin looking over the seating arrangements for the wedding… I had been looking over these for the past hour and if I didn’t make a decision soon, I was pretty certain that I would lose my mind. I had most it figured out but I couldn’t decide where to put Nick’s Aunt. The only open spot was beside his parents and I wasn’t so sure if that was a good idea. I knew his mother wasn’t too fond of her, but surely they could pull it together for our wedding…
Right? 
I sighed loudly and stood from the kitchen bar. I just wasn’t sure what to do and there was no way I was going to make this decision. I would just have to wait until Nick got a chance to call and ask him. He would know what to do, he always did.
This was certainly one of those times that I wished he was here. I missed him more and more each day, but even more so now. Most brides hire a wedding planner and relax until their wedding day, but not me. I wanted everything to be perfect and the only way that was going to happen, was if I saw to it myself. Nick always made things seem less stressful and I couldn’t tell you how many times he’s kept me from having a mental breakdown.
“You still haven’t decided?” I heard Heather groan from behind me as I turned in surprise. Apparently, almost scaring someone into a heart attack is funny because she sure found it comical. “Oh my gosh!” She cried in between spurts of laughter. “If you could have seen your face! It was priceless!”
I rolled my eyes. “Remind me to take that key away from you… And how did you come in without me hearing you?”
She smiled. “I’m silent but deadly, just like a cheetah.” Heather was usually ridiculously funny and rarely made any sense, but we had known each other for over 10 years, and I guess, that’s what made us special. She was always that one person that I could count on to do anything for me and no matter what the situation, she would always make me smile. But that’s what best friends are for, right?
“Now, seriously, you still haven’t decided on the seating arrangements?” She asks as we get settled at the bar. When I shrug, she shakes her head and takes my planner. Her eyes widen as she looks at my to-do list. “Caroline Woods! You mean to tell me that you haven’t decided on anything but the colors and decorations? What about the invitations, the catering, the cake? Heck, what about the dress?”
I crack a smile. “We have a lot to do today, huh?” 
She may have been a little upset with me, but she knew I was trying. Doing everything on my own was hard and today would likely be chaos, but she would help me. I knew she would because she knows how much I love Nick and this will be our dream wedding, even if I lose my mind in the process.
She smiles. “Okay, okay, I get it! What do you want me to do?”
I try to hold back my grin. I knew she couldn’t say no to me. “Well, could you print some invitations off while I call the caterer?” I ask and smile, shyly.
She acts as if she has to think it over. “Whatever you say.”
I roll my eyes as I hand her my laptop. As I start to grab my phone, the doorbell rings. Heather looks at me, smirking. “What?” I ask as I get up to answer the door.
“Exactly how many other people did you call to help you?” 
“No one, just you…” I walk into the foyer and swing the door open. I couldn’t believe what was standing before me… Two men dressed in uniform. 
“Are you Ms. Woods?” One of them asks. 
I nod in response. 
“The Department of the Army sends its condolences in this difficult time.” He adds, handing me a sealed envelope. I tear it open as I hear Heather come up from behind me.
“What in the world…” She mutters.
I pull out the single sheet of paper and read:

June 12th, 2012
Dear Ms. Woods,
The Department of the Army deeply regrets to inform you, that your fiancé, Private First Class Nickolas Vaughn U.S Army, was killed in action in the performance of his duty and in the service of his country. 
The department sends you the greatest of sympathy in your troubled time.
Sincerely, 
General James K. Wilson
Chief of Army Personnel

And with those two, short sentences, my life came tumbling down.

Chapter Two
After I was presented with the letter, everything else went by so fast. The funeral arrangements were made the next day and before I knew it, I was being driven to the local airport to watch as Nick’s body was delivered. The far eastern port was closed for this reason. I was standing in a line with some of my family, as well as Nick’s, and some other Army officials. As the plane landed, a line of soldiers marched in front of the casket. They all had an indifferent expression on their face as they stopped in front of me. “Ms. Woods, I am required to ask you this but it’s your choice. If you would like to see his body before he is transported to the funeral home, you may. We can give you a few minutes alone if you would like. But, I would like to warn you that the site of him is indeed gruesome.” General Wilson whispers.
“How gruesome, sir?” I ask with my head down. The look in his eyes told me all I needed to know. “No, thank you.” I added.
He turns to face the soldiers. “Proceed.” He says, sternly. Some people may think that was selfish of me, but if I saw him in whatever shape he was in now, that’s all I would remember of him. And I didn’t want that…
We follow as he’s loaded into a hearse. As I watch, trying to control my emotions, the General appears again. “Ma’am, I have been informed that someone would like to speak with you. You do not under any circumstances have to accept, but I think it would ease your mind a bit.” 
“Who is it?”
“Lieutenant Logan Cook. He was there when your Fiancé was killed. He can explain to you what happened a lot better than I can.”
I didn’t hesitate. “I’d like to speak with him.”
“Very well. Follow me.” He adds as we walk around the airport and into a security office. “I’ll be standing right here. When you want to leave, just let me know.” I nod in response and walk into the room. There’s a man sitting alone at a table. He looks up and gives me a regretful smile. He stands to shake my hand. He seemed to be about six foot two, brown hair, blue eyes, and very well built.
“Ms. Woods, Lieutenant Logan Cook. Pleasure to meet you, I just wish it was of better circumstances.” He says as we sit down, across from each other.
“As do I.” I clear my throat. “The General informed me that you have some information that you would like to share with me?”
He nods. “Yes, ma’am. I’m not sure how much you know about the Army and its ranks, but I’m a Lieutenant and at the time that Nick was killed, I was in charge. We had been radioed late that night, that some of our most wanted criminals had been located only about a mile from our camp. We were the closest at the time and it was our job to get them in custody. When we approached the building that they were said to be at, we investigated and found our suspects had innocent children as their hostages. While we were coming up with a game plan, we watched as the building went up in flames. My team and I made a quick decision to save the kids. As we did. Every one of them escaped unharmed.”
He takes a ragged breath before continuing as I prepare myself for what is to come. “When I was accounting for my team, Nick was missing. I went back into the building along with another soldier and found him clutching a little girl. He told me to get the kid out and I did. He was trapped underneath a beam and it took four of us to get him out. When we ran out of the building, it collapsed and all of our suspects were killed. When I was checking Nick for injuries, I noticed that he was having a lot of trouble breathing and he had been shot twice. Once in the back of his leg and once in his lower chest, which went directly through his left lung. He had also been stabbed multiple times in a struggle to save the child. He knew he was dying and he told me a few things to say to you.”
“Were you two friends?” I ask, struggling to get my scrambled brain together.
“Very much so. I met him the day that he started boot camp. He was a bit nervous but he was really excited, which is what kind of drew me to him. I wanted him on my team and I got him. We talked all the time and honestly, all I can remember talking about was you. He told me about when he first met you and your first date. Then when he was sent home for a little while, a few months ago, he talked to me right before he left. He told me that he was finally going to ask you to marry him. I told him to go for it and the night you said yes, he called and told me. He loved you very much, which brings me to this…” He pauses and reaches down in his pocket. “Usually, you receive this at the funeral and the General gives it to you, but he asked me first and I’m honoring his wishes.” He hands me his dog tags then a picture of us.
“He carried that around with him everywhere he went. He slept with it, talked to it, and he showed every soldier in our unit at least a dozen times. He wanted you to have it.”
I took a deep breath as he finishes.
“I know this is a lot for you and I want you to know that if you ever need anything or just want to talk, I’m here. All you got to do is tell the General. I’ll be there in a heartbeat. Just know that Nick died fighting for his country… Fighting for you and he died a hero.”
“Thank you, Lieutenant,” I whisper as I stood up and exited the room.
“Ready?” General Wilson asks.
I nod as we leave the airport. I sat in the back of the SUV wondering why? Why did he have to die? Why couldn’t it be someone else? I lowered my head at the thought of it. I was being selfish. It could have been anyone out there and it was Nick… My Nick. 



Chapter Three
I slid my heels on and looked at myself in the full-length mirror. I wasn’t ready for the day ahead. I never ever thought I’d be in this position, but here I am… I was burying Nick today… My worst fear had officially come true and in that very moment, I didn’t think my life could get any worse. I had hit rock bottom.
I grabbed my purse off the bed as I heard my doorbell ring. I walked down the hallway and looked out the window. A black SUV was parked on the curb and I knew that was my ride. I couldn’t put it off any longer, it was time. I went into the foyer and opened the door. “Miss Woods, General Wilson asked me to escort you to the ceremony,” Logan said almost as if he were asking for approval.
“Very well and Lieutenant, could you do me a favor?” I ask as I lock my door.
He nods, “Yes, ma’am.”
“Could you please stop calling me Miss Woods? I feel like an old lady when I hear that. Caroline will do just fine.” That wasn’t a lie. Every time I heard someone address me in that manner, I always felt like my mother and longer I did without that, the better off I’d be.
He smirks. “Only if you call me Logan.”
“Deal.”
We get in the car and head toward the funeral home.  It’s pretty silent throughout the entire car ride, which was fine with me, since I’m sure I’ll be talking enough when I get in there. I had decided it was best to have the visitation and funeral the same day. It was best for everyone this way and so I thought…
Logan parked the car at the back of the parking lot in line with a row other SUV’s, identical to one we were driving. Once the keys were out of the ignition, you would have expected us to get out and go inside, but instead, we just sat there for a few minutes. “I can tell you, without a doubt, there’s going to be a lot of people here. I know for a fact that there’s already 30 soldiers in there and I wanted to tell you, if at any point you need to step out for a minute or if for some reason, someone shows up that you don’t want here, just tell me. I’ll make sure that it’s taken care of quietly.”
At first, I didn’t answer. I just stared out the window and kept my thoughts to myself, until one of them slipped. “So, does this happen to every fallen soldier’s family?” I ask out of curiosity. 
He glances at me. “What do you mean?”
“All of this… I mean, going to the airport, the General’s arrival… All that?” 
He nods. “Surprisingly, yes. The United States is proud of its military and they take great responsibility for the family of a fallen hero.”
“That’s very kind…” I mutter under my breath.
He sighs. “Look, Caroline, I know that you’re the type of person who wants to deal with everything alone and in your time. I see how awkward you are around all of us and I just want to say that it’s okay. I’ve dealt with this a few times too many. Everybody deals with it a different way and I promise, it’ll get better.”
“Can we go in or are we waiting on someone?” I ask, changing the subject.
“No, they’re all waiting on you.”
“Let’s go then.” I hop out of the car and pull myself together. When I’m ready, Logan and I walk inside. Currently, only soldiers are in the building. They’re stationed randomly around the room. I see the General beside the shiny black casket upfront with the American flag draped over it. I walk up to the front and take my place at the head of the casket. The General is at the foot and Logan takes his place behind me. “Ms. Woods, are you ready for the doors to be opened?” The General asks.
“Yes, sir.”
“Proceed.” He signals. 
And with that single word, a crowd pours in. Between friends and family, this place is packed. A little anxiety rises up in my chest. I had never been good with large crowds, they just make me claustrophobic and nervous. “You alright?” Logan whispers from behind me.
“Yes.” I lie. 
Everyone forms a line as they walk around, paying their respects. They all speak to me, telling me how sorry they are as they reflect on good times. “Oh my goodness! I can’t believe it! It’s really you!” A woman comes up to me, engulfing me in a hug. Logan steps forward. “Sorry, sorry! I’m not a creeper, promise!” She says to him. “I went to school with Caroline.” She adds, smiling. Logan looks to me, I nod, and he steps back in his place. “So, remember me?” She asks.
“Alexandria Wilder?” I ask, unsure of my guess.
“Yeah! I sat next to you and Nick in English, freshman year! You both were so cute! It’s such a shame he left so soon…” She frowns.
“Um, yeah… So, how are you?” I ask, as she smiles.
“Well, I’m married! After graduation, I went to college in Florida and met a football player. We have a little girl named Emma. We found out last week, we’re expecting another!” 
“Oh, that’s great, congratulations!” I fake smile.
“Thanks, we’re both very excited! How about you? Did you and Nick…”
I struggled to find the words. “No, um, we had just gotten engaged when he…” 
“Oh, I’m really sorry… So tragic…” She excuses herself and walks away.
Thank God. She was way too bubbly for this event… I step back to where Logan is standing. “I need some air…” He nods toward the side door and I exit without any problems.
It was a rather hot, sunny day, but it looked as if some storm clouds were rolling in… I walk over to a field behind the funeral home. It was completely empty.
No trees. No animals. No nothing.
I walk a few minutes then sit down in the center of it. I take a deep breath as I feel a sting deep in my chest. I can’t hold myself together anymore. I can’t pretend everything will be okay, when clearly it’s not. Ever since I found out about Nick, I had been holding it all in and I just couldn’t do it anymore.
I finally just let it all out.
The anger. The rage. The sadness.
Everything. 
I threw a bit of a kicking, screaming, crying fit, but for the first time in my life, I needed it. The volcano inside of me had been waiting to erupt for ages and now, it finally had a reason… A while passed before I heard footsteps come up from behind me. 
Logan knelt down to my level. “Good now?”
“Were you watching me?” I ask, angrily.
“A soldier doesn’t lie, so yes, yes I was.”
The fact that he was being honest just made me that more angry. “Look, I appreciate you helping me and all, but that doesn’t give you the right to spy on me!”
“I wasn’t spying. I was making sure you were okay and you didn’t do anything drastic.” He adds simply.
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. “Drastic? Really? Do I look like I’d do something like that? I know you’re trying to help, but I don’t want all of this attention! I want to be alone.”
He nods. “I told you, I know and I get it. But in order for that to happen, we have to get through this funeral.”
“Ya know what I wish?” I ask, getting more and more frustrated by the minute.
“Just let it all out…” He says as we stand up.
“I wish that for once people wouldn’t act like they know everything about me! You don’t! You’ve known me for what? Like 2 days?”
“Actually, I know a lot more about you than you think. When I told you that Nick and I were good friends, I meant it. He told me everything about you.”
I roll my eyes. “Okay, so maybe you know more than the rest of them, but I can’t stand everyone being so nice to me! I hate it!”
“Feel better now?” He asks, smiling a bit.
I pause. “Actually… I do.”
“Good, a little rage is good for the soul.”
“Where do you get all of this?” I ask.
“It’s just an army thing, I guess. You ready to go back inside?”
“Do I have a choice?” We walk up to the back door as Logan begins to open it. “Remember, you’re never alone.”



Chapter Four
I stared at the fireplace. Along the mantle sits two flower vases, a picture of Nick and me, and a picture of my parents. All of those seem normal, but to the far left, sits his honorary flag. It sits in the same spot that our wedding picture was supposed to be in…
“Ma’am?” I jump at the sudden noise and turn around to see the General. “I’m sorry if I scared you, the door was open…” He adds, standing tall beside the door frame.
“Oh, I must have forgotten to shut it…”
He nods. “I just wanted to inform you that I will be heading to the airport as my flight will be taking off soon. It’s time for me to go back now that the funeral is over.”
“Of course.” I pause and stand. “General, I would like to thank you for all you’ve done. It wasn’t expected but greatly appreciated.”
“No, problem, Ms. Woods. Nick was a hero and he will always be remembered. Now, as part of the military’s duty to a fallen soldier’s family, one of us must stay behind for a few months until we feel our duty is complete. Lieutenant Logan Cook has volunteered for this position. You of course have the final say, but I thought he would be best as you know him on a personal level.”
At first, I thought that was kind of weird. Since when does a soldier stay behind to take care of someone’s family? “That’s fine, General.” He smiles as Logan walks in.
He turns to him. “Lieutenant, you know the rules.”
“Yes, sir.”
He turns back to me. “Ms. Woods, if at any time you have any questions or wish to speak with me, you have my number. I always return phone calls. Have a nice day, ma’am.” He adds and exits the house.
Once he’s gone, I look to Logan. “What rules?”
“Just army stuff… Procedures and what not.”
“For what?”
He sighs. “This position is honorary and you must meet certain criteria before they consider you then you have a set of rules to follow, which is what he was referring to.”
“So what do you do, exactly?” I ask, unsure of what the ‘position’ really was.
“The job description is relatively long but I’ll make it brief. I’ll be a grief counselor, an errand runner, sometimes a cop, and most importantly a friend.”
“A cop?” Was I in danger or something?
“You’d be surprised what I’ve run into.”
“Really? So, what’s the rules? If I don’t know them, how am I supposed to know if you break them?” I ask, smiling.
“You have point… I can’t stay overnight. I have to be out of here by eleven and I can’t be here any sooner than six AM unless you call me and it’s an emergency such as a breakdown, burglary, and all that good stuff. I cannot physically harm anyone unless we are threatened, then I have permission to use necessary force.”
“Can you… Kill someone?”
“If that it’s necessary, yes.”
“Bare-knuckle? I mean, I don’t know of anyone that would do that, but what if someone breaks in? They’ll probably have a gun.”
“Do you think I’m that stupid?” He says, reaching behind him. He pulls out a handgun. “Feel better?” I nod, nervously. “I have to ask this, its procedure… Do you know of anyone that hated Nick?”
I shake my head. “No.”
“Disliked Nick?”
“Nope.”
“Hated you, maybe? Although, I couldn’t see how that would be possible.”
“Aw, sucking up, I see. Nice try.” I chuckle. “Well, I don’t know about hate. But his mother and his aunt seemed to get into it a lot.”
“About?”
“Nick’s aunt loved me, his mother, on the other hand, was a different story. Didn’t you see her give me the evil eye at the funeral?”
“That was her?”
I nod. “Yep.”
“Why doesn’t she like you?”
I take a deep breath, trying to make a long story short. “Well, ever since I met Nick, he always spent more time with me than her. She didn’t want him to go to the army, she wanted him to become a successful businessman like his father and you and I both know, that was never Nick’s dream. She was upset with me when I let him join, but I wasn’t the boss of him. I mean, did I like the idea? No. But it was what he wanted. She also got upset when I was presented with the flag and not her.”
“Hmm. Well, when you enter the army, you have a lot of paperwork to fill out. In all that, you have to state who gets what if something were to go wrong. Your name was all he wrote. If she wants to see it, I have copies of it, I’d be glad to show her.”
“She won’t care what Nick wanted, it’s always been about her,” I add and walk into the kitchen. I pour myself a fresh cup of coffee. “Want some?”
“Actually, I don’t drink coffee.” He states.
I cock an eyebrow. “Really? Well, okay then.” I add and sit down at the bar. Logan stands in the doorway. “Ya know, if you’re going to be around me all the time, you need to lighten up.”
“What do you mean?”
“If you’re going to follow me around all day, you don’t need to stand in the corner all awkward like. I believe you said you were supposed to be a friend, so start acting like one.”
He laughs a bit and sits down next to me. “Bossing a soldier around, eh? That’s a good way to start off the day.” He laughs.
“I wasn’t being bossy, I was simply stating a fact.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yeah, really. Now, since you’re not supposed to stay the night here, where exactly do you go?” I was actually just curious but I figured he would be at the Hilton or something. Boy was I wrong…
“The General booked a room a couple blocks away at the Super 8.”
I scrunched my nose is disgust. “Ew! Dude, that place is nasty!”
He shakes his head. “No, it’s not. Trust me, once you’ve slept in mud, you’ll settle for anything and besides, they just remolded a couple weeks ago. It’s isn’t bad.”
The rest of the day was kind of lazy. I didn’t really do anything. I just caught up on the laundry and cleaned up the house a little… Then I sat down in the living room and stared at the flag. “You know, staring at that isn’t going to make life any easier for ya,” Logan says from the hallway.
“I know… But I have nothing better to do…”
“You should take up a hobby.”
“Like what?”
“Well, I used to go out to the gun range.”
“What do you mean, ‘used to’?” I ask.
He sighs before sitting down next to me. “You’ll find out sooner or later, so I’m just as well to tell you now. You know how I said I understand?”
I nod.
“Because I went through the same thing you are now… Nick and I were very much alike, I met my wife in high school, as did he, and I married her a week after graduation. I decided to go into the military and right before Nick joined, I got a letter that said she had passed away. She was in a car accident and a drunk driver drove her off the road. She was killed instantly and the worst part was, by the time I got back home, I was an hour late and the funeral was over. I didn’t get to see her one last time or say goodbye… She was already buried.”
In that very moment, I wasn’t sorry for myself. “Oh, I’m sorry, Logan. I had no idea… I’m sorry I yelled at you.” I couldn’t believe someone so strong had gone through something so terrible…
“You didn’t know and besides, you ain’t a very good soldier if you can’t take a little yelling ever now and then.” He glances at the clock. “It’s almost eleven, I’d better go. Call me if you need me.”
“Yes, sir. And just to let you know, I’m up at five AM every morning, so I’ll be waiting to let you in.”
“Really? Well, aren’t you an early bird?” He smiles and walks out the door.
“Have a good night, Caroline.” He adds.
I watch him leave before I lock up for the night. To be honest, it was nice having some company, I didn’t feel all alone as I normally did…



Chapter Five

The next day, Logan arrived at exactly six AM. I did some more laundry and by mid-morning, I had finished all my housework. “I need to go to the store, will you be tagging along?” I ask and grab my keys.
Before he can answer, the doorbell rang. “Are you expecting someone?” He asks.
I shake my head. “No…” I walk through the foyer and open the door.
“Caroline… Good old, depressing, controlling, Caroline.” She whispers, holding a bottle of vodka in one hand.
“Louise?” I ask as she pushes past me and enters the living room. She walks up to the fireplace and stares at Nick’s picture.
Logan comes up behind me. “Is she drunk?” He asks.
“I think so…”
“My baby boy… He left me so young...” She whispers and walks down to the flag. “This! This belongs to me!” She points and turns to me. “God save your soul, you demon! My baby’s been gone for two days and you’ve already moved on to another army man! You-you she-devil!” She screams.
I froze, not knowing how to respond. “Now, Mrs. Vaughn, you don’t understand. I was your son’s best friend. My name’s Lieutenant Logan Cook. I am also Caroline’s assigned grieving officer…” He says as he extends his hand.
She refuses. “I don’t care who you are! I’m sorry, Lieutenant, that you got assigned to a she-devil! That’s all she is! A little demon who took my son away from me! And now it’s my turn…” She cries as she pulls a knife out of her pocket.
Oh my God… Is this woman really going to try to kill me?
“Now, now, Mrs. Vaughn, we don’t want to do such a thing… Imagine what your son would want.” He says, reaching for his handgun. 
I touch his shoulder as he glances at me. I shake my head. He sighs and watches Louise. “He doesn’t want anything anymore! You know why? Because he’s dead! All because of her!” She screams pointing the knife at me. 
“Me, huh? All because of me?” I ask, my anger rising in my chest. “Do you know what he said about you? You just wanted to control him! You wanted him to follow in his father’s footsteps even though you knew he was nothing like your husband!” I yell, walking toward her.
“He wouldn’t have been happy but he would still be alive, now wouldn’t he?” She cries, falling to her knees. I slowly proceed toward her as Logan follows. Before I can grab the knife, she lunges toward me. Logan intervenes as I dodge her blow. He takes her down from behind in a sleeper hold.
“I’m sorry, Louise. But you’re not yourself…” I whisper as she passes out. Logan lets her go as I grab my phone and call Nick’s father.
“Caroline?” He answers.
“Yes. I need you to come by the house and pick up your wife.”
“What? Why? She’s supposed to be visiting her sister, she left this morning.”
“She lied. She showed up here drunk, and tried to kill me.”
“What? I-I’m coming.” Within an hour, he arrived and picked her up. As he walked in, she began to wake up. I’m sure she had quite a bit of explaining to do on the way home… After they left, I went into the kitchen and grabbed a cup of coffee. Logan was standing by the door with his arms crossed.
“What?” I ask.
“Someone just tried to kill you and you just blow it off like it’s nothing.”
“It was nothing. She was drunk.” I shrug.
He smiles and shakes his head. “Okay, I have to know how you do this… Tell me how you just turn all your emotions off.”
“What?”
“No matter what happens to you, it’s like it doesn’t get any further than your senses. You see it, you hear it, but you block it. It’s like it never happened.”
I look down to the ground.
“Seriously? In the past two days, all your wedding plans went to waste, you lost your fiancé, and his mother tried to kill you? You have to feel something somewhere!”
“Is that what you think?” He nods. “You think I just ignore everything? Well, I don’t, Logan. I feel everything but I’m just not one to show my feelings. I was raised that way! Emotions were a sign of weakness and I had to suck it up and move on… I didn’t have the best childhood, Nick was the only boyfriend I ever had because no one else would even bother to talk to me. They were so afraid of what their friends would think, they ignored my very existence. That’s why I turned it all off! And then he went off and got himself killed and here I am again! I mean look at me! You said it yourself! I have no feelings! His mother just tried to kill me for God’s sake and all I do is blow it off and drink a cup of coffee, but you know what? I agree with Louise… I feel sorry for you… Because you were assigned to someone who doesn’t know how to grieve. I can’t be fixed, Logan. I’m broken and I always will be. You’re just as well to call the General and tell him it’s time for you to go because there is absolutely no hope for me.” I add and run off to my room.
I locked the door and threw myself on the bed. I was going crazy… I couldn’t handle all of this by myself. I wouldn’t make it alive.
#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#
I stayed in my room all day. Logan never tried to come up and talk and I was glad that he didn’t. I just needed time to myself. Time to think. Before I knew it, the day turned into night and the next time I looked out my window, there was nothing but darkness. My alarm clock read 10:56PM. 
Logan had to leave sometime soon.
Then I heard footsteps come up the stairs. “I’m leaving now. I’ll be back at six.” He said.
I didn’t respond and he probably didn’t expect me to. I watched from my window as his car disappeared down the darkened highway…

I tried and tried to get some sleep but no matter what I did, I kept having nightmares and waking myself up in a panic. I kept seeing Nick in a burning building with a child. I was there and he was trying to tell me something but all I could hear was, “The Bridge.”
After I woke up, I couldn’t help but think maybe this was a sign from him… Granted, I didn’t believe in ghosts or anything, but when your sleep deprived, you’ll believe just about anything.
The more I thought about it, the more goosebumps I felt. 
When Nick proposed to me, he took me to an old part of town in the woods. He used to go there as a child with his father and it meant a lot to him. It was just a little wooden bridge that crossed a small creek in the center of the forest. He said his dad told him that his Great-Great-Great Grandfather built it with their father so they could explore the other side of town.
As I laid there in silence, I couldn’t get that off my mind. So, as soon as the sun began to rise, I gathered a few things and headed out the door. I had to go for a visit. The cool summer breeze hit me like a knife as I stepped out onto the porch. You’d think it would be warm, but here in Kentucky, it could be a hundred degrees one day and forty or below the next.
I went back in and searched for something long sleeved. I stumbled upon Nick’s army jacket and threw it around my shoulders. Before I left, I checked the clock once more.
5:48AM
Logan would be here soon, so I needed to get going before he could follow me.
It had been a few months since I had been out here and I was praying to God that I could find my way. There was a trail that led from the back of the house to about half way through the woods. Then it just ended.
I struggled a bit, trying to remember which way Nick took me.
“Come on, memory… Don’t fail me now.” I mutter. 
For some reason, I had an urge to go to the right. So I did.
After walking 20 minutes or more, I finally reached an opening in the forest. The creek was right in front of me. But no bridge. “Come on, Nick… You wanted me here so badly… Show me the way to go…” I heard a rustling sound in the trees above me. A bird flew out, made a really weird sound, and flew to the right. “Okay then,” I mutter as I follow.
A few minutes later, my phone rang. I looked to see who it was.
Logan.
He was probably worried… Maybe I should just tell him I’m okay…
“Logan,” I answer.
“Caroline! Where the hell are you?” He yells.
“I’m okay… I just needed to go somewhere to think… Stay at the house… I’ll be back.”
“Too late. Your car was there and you weren’t in the house. So, I tracked your footprints. I got to the end of this trail and then I lost them. Which way did you go?” He asks.
“Logan, I’m fine. Stay there and I’ll meet you soon.”
“Caroline, no, I’m coming to get you. Now tell me.”
“Logan, I promise. I know where I’m going and I know how to get back.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yes… I had some help along the way. But please just let me do this on my own.”
“Help? Who’s with you?”
I sigh, wishing he would stop asking a hundred questions. “No one… Physically… Just give me some time… That’s all I ask.” I add as I see the bridge coming up in the distance.
“Fine. I’m going to stand here for twenty minutes. Then I’m coming. End of story.” He adds and hangs up the phone.
Okay then…
As I step up on the bridge, I feel overwhelmingly calm… It’s like I’m worry free… Nothing matters. I walk to the center and stand facing the back side of the creek. Everything was so peaceful here… 
Birds chirping.
The sound of water running over the rocks.
The smell of fresh air.
Everything is just so beautiful…
I cross my arms and take in the sweet smell of Nick’s jacket. “Well… I’m here… Like you wanted…” I say out into the open. Nothing happens but I feel as if I should keep talking… “I guess you already know that Logan was assigned to be my grief counselor…” The winds blows a nice steady breeze. “That’s what I thought… He reminds me a lot of you… Did you know that he lost his wife not long ago due to a car accident? He didn’t even get to say goodbye. He said he met you shortly after and all you wanted to talk about was me…” The wind blows again.
“What do you do? Control the wind?” I ask and it blows once again.
I nod slowly. “Okay… Then I would like to know something… One blow for yes, two for no… Agreed?” A cool breeze blows against my skin.
This was a little creepy…
“I’ll take that as a yes… When you saved those kids from that fire… Was it worth dying for?” A steady breeze was my answer. It was all I needed to know. “Don’t think that was selfish of me… I just would have felt better if I knew it was what you wanted…” I glance at the tree line. “Logan’s probably looking for me by now…”
Another breeze brushes against my skin.
“Can you see him?”
Yes.
“Is he close?”
Yes.
“He was supposed to wait…” I answer and sit down against the back of the bridge. “Before he gets here, I want to ask one more thing… Can I talk to you anytime?”
Yes.
“So, I don’t always need to be here?”
No.
“Thank you, Nick… I needed this…”
The wind surrounded me, almost as if in a hug. “Caroline?” I hear Logan yell. “Caroline?”
“I’m here!” I respond as he comes up on the bridge.
“You walked all this way just to get here?” I nod. “Why?”
“Didn’t Nick ever tell you about the bridge?” He shakes his head. “This was where he proposed. It was also a special place for him as a child.”
“Oh… Are you ready to go?” He asks.
I sigh and stand back up. “I suppose so.”
Logan leads the way as we start back to the house.
“I love you, Nick,” I whisper as three puffs of wind respond. A part of me knew that he said it back and that meant that this trip today was well worth it.



Chapter Six
For the next few days, I decided to get out of the house. I went to visit Heather and even done a little shopping. Logan thought I was acting weird and has been watching me extra close ever since I came back from the bridge. I didn’t tell him about the experience, actually I didn’t tell him anything. “Are you feeling okay?” He asks as I begin to fix our lunch.
“Yeah, why?” I ask and smile.
“I don’t know… It just seems like you’ve been really happy and calm for the past few days. Like you don’t have a care in the world.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” I add and set his sandwich down in front of him. He looks at it and then back to me. “Okay, have I been here long enough for you to trust me?” I look at him, partially shocked.
“Of course, I trust you. I don’t let just anybody hang around my house all day.”
“Then I expect you to be honest with me. Why did you run off into the woods and what did you see?” Dang, he was good…
“I already told you. I wanted some alone time and I didn’t see anything.”
He continued to stare me down, which meant, he didn’t buy it. “What I don’t understand is that you just randomly decide to get up one morning at five AM and run off into the woods. That was dangerous and you wouldn’t even tell me where you were!”
I didn’t understand why he was so angry with me… He found me, it’s not like I was directly in harm’s way…“Fine. I’ll tell you just so you can make fun of me and tell the General how mentally unstable I am and all that junk! When I went to bed that night, I had a nightmare. I kept waking up in a panic and every time I tried to go back to sleep, I would see the same thing.” 
“Why didn’t you call me?” He asks.
“Just let me finish.” I add. “Nick was in a burning building with a child. I was there and he kept trying to tell me something but all I could understand was ‘the bridge’. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t forget about it and I had this really weird feeling that I needed to go to the bridge. So, when the sun started to come up, I took off. I had only been there once, when Nick proposed, and I couldn’t really remember where I was going. But I kept talking to myself and I was guided all the way there. Now, go ahead and tell me how stupid I am.”
To my surprise, he didn’t laugh. “You’re not stupid. Honestly, I would have done the same thing if it happened to me. But why didn’t you call me? I would have went with you and I wouldn’t have judged.”
I shrug. “I don’t know… I just wanted to go alone.”
“This is my last question, then we can just drop it, okay?” I nod. “What happened when you got to the bridge?” He asks.
I was afraid that would come up.
“I felt calm. I wasn’t sad or anything… I was just…”
“At peace?” He asks.
I nod. “Yeah… I kind of talked aloud for a while and I got some responses…”
“What?” He asks confused.
“Come on, I’ll show you.” I lead him outside into the backyard. “Watch.” I turned to the sky and said, “Nick, I would like to show Logan that I’m not crazy. Are you here?”
The wind blows.
“See?”
“No offense, Caroline, but the wind blows a lot…”
I roll my eyes. “Fine. Nick, let’s show him. I know it’s you, I just do. Now, let’s start what we started the other day. One blow is yes, two is no. Agreed?”
One blow.
“Okay, Logan ask him something.”
He hesitated but eventually did. “Are you really Nick?”
One blow.
“Are you happy I’m here?”
One strong, blow.
“Ask him something so that you know it’s really him,” I add.
“If you could repeat what happened the day you died… Would you do anything different?”
Two blows.
Logan smiles a bit. “It’s really you, bud…” He whispers.
“Thank you, Nick,” I add as we walk back into the house.
“That really just happened…” Logan says, sitting down on a bar stool.
“Yes and now you know I’m not crazy.”
He shrugs. “If you are, so am I.” 
Just then, the doorbell rings. I go to answer it.
“General?” I ask, surprised.
“Ms. Woods, nice to see you again.”
“Come in,” I add and call for Logan.
“What?” He asks, coming around the corner. “General? What are you doing here, sir?” He asks as he salutes him. 
“Well, I came to check up on you. I called some of Caroline’s family and friends yesterday and they told me that she had been doing very well and they think it’s time for her to move on with her life.”
“What?” I ask.
“I do a routine call to members of the widow’s family throughout a grief counselor’s stay. Just to make sure everything is running smoothly and such. Once I receive a good report, the grief counselor’s duties are relieved.”
“You mean Logan has to leave?” I ask, softly.
“Now Ms. Woods, I can already tell you’ve made quite the friendship with Lieutenant Cook, but there comes a time where he must return to his job.”
“But why now? I mean, you said they stay for a few months? Logan’s only been here a couple weeks.”
“A few months is the longest they can stay in extreme cases. However, you seem to be doing well and I agree with your family. You need to move on and the longer he stays, the more you’re reminded of Nick. You’ll only become more attached to Logan.”
I look to Logan but he doesn’t make eye contact.
“When do I leave?” He asks.
“First thing tomorrow morning. I will be staying in your room at the hotel, then we will come here and you will be relieved. Now, my flight was terribly long and I’m very tired. My sincerest apologies, Miss Woods. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He adds and leaves. I shut the door and just stand there.
“Why didn’t you tell him?” I whisper.
“Tell him what?”
“That you needed to stay longer. That I wasn’t ready to be alone.”
“It doesn’t matter what I say, he’s the boss. And once his mind is made up, there’s no changing it. Besides, I didn’t think it was that big of a deal… We both knew it was coming.”
“No big deal? How could you say that?”
He seemed a little shocked at the way I was acting. “Caroline, I don’t really do anything… I just follow you around all day. Most people hate it, ya know? This stranger is with them all the time and there’s nothing they can do about it. I can usually tell when it’s time for me to go but with you, I can’t. You don’t show emotions well.”
“Yes, Logan, I believe we accomplished that a long time ago... But ever since the funeral, you’re really the only one I can talk to. I don’t feel like I have to be defensive around you… You just listen without judging me… Like Nick used to do…”
“Caroline, I know where this is going, and you have to understand that Nick is gone. I’ll never be Nick. I’m not even close. No one will ever replace him.”
“Replace? You think that’s what I’m trying to do? I was so lucky when I met him. I’ll never get that again, and I’ve dealt with that. What I meant is that you’re the only friend I’ve had that understands me. When I don’t want to talk, you don’t push me. When I lock myself in my room, you know when to leave me alone. You follow the ground rules and act like gentleman. You don’t push my buttons like everyone else. Logan, I don’t want to stay here by myself. I don’t want to be alone.”
He doesn’t say anything. He just walks over to me and gives me a hug. It feels a little awkward at first, since we’ve never made any contact before, but within a second, I feel comforted. “I’ll tell ya what I’ll do.” He says and pulls away. “I’m going to run back to the hotel and talk to the General. I won’t promise you anything, but I’ll do my best.” 
I nod, “Thank you.”
“I’ll be right back.” He adds and leaves the house. 
Oh please, dear God… I can’t handle this on my own…
I need someone who understands me…
I need a friend.
I need him.

Logan’s Point of View

I quickly drove to the hotel and went up to my room. I had to convince the General to let me stay. She really needed me… I unlocked the door and walked in. He was standing by his suitcase when he turned to me. “Lieutenant? You’re not supposed to be here until eleven?”
“It’s urgent, I need to speak with you, sir.” I add as he sighs.
“Okay, take a seat.” He says as we both sit down on the couch. “Now, what’s so urgent?”
“I can’t leave yet.”
“What? Of course, you can, you have to.”
“No, sir, I can’t leave her like this. She needs-”
“Like this?”
“I’ve only been here a few weeks but I’ve really gotten to know her. She’s so sweet but she has some major issues that no one else sees. She isn’t close to her family, Nick’s family doesn’t have anything to do with her, and she doesn’t really have friends. Sir, she’s all alone and I don’t want to leave her right now.”
“Logan, I gave you this assignment because I thought you were the best for the job. You don’t get attached to people. But you’ve done the exact opposite with this. You’ve become attached.”
“I won’t disagree with that statement, but you know Nick and I were very good friends. He wanted me to take care of her and I have to see that she’s okay before I can leave. I owe him that. Sir, the army owes him that.”
He hesitates before responding. “I don’t want to be the bad guy, Logan. But I too have a boss and he says that you need to get back to work. He wants to promote you to Captain. Now, does she mean enough to you for you to turn down that position?”
My mind is completely scrambled. “I-I don’t know…”
“Take some time to think. But your decision should be made by the time I arrive tomorrow morning.”
I nod and leave the hotel.
Captain Logan Cook… 
Something I’ve always wanted to hear, but I’m just not sure…
I park the car and walk up on the porch. Caroline opens the door and I go inside.
“So?” She asks.
“The reason he wants me to leave is because I’m being promoted…” 
Her face lights up. “Oh, that’s great! So what’s your new title?”
“If I take it, Captain.”
“What do you mean if?”
I sigh, not wanting to tell her. “If I take it, I have to leave, Caroline.”
She goes silent and looks at the floor. “I understand, Logan… It’s your career and-”
“Hey, hey, hey, I haven’t agreed to anything yet. I’m not sure if I want it.”
She looks at me as if I’d lost my mind. “Want it? What does that mean? Of course you do! Anybody would! Don’t let me hold you back here, you need to worry about your life, not mine.”
“Actually, I do. I promised Nick I would see that you were taken care of and I meant it. I don’t care what the General says, you are my number one priority. No one ever needed me before and I like that feeling… I don’t feel nonexistent.” 
“I just don’t want to think that I caused you not to accept…” She adds.
“I promise that once I make the decision, it’ll be all me.”
She nods and looks around nervously. “Well, you can go back to the hotel early if you want… You know, to make your decision…” She adds.
“No, I’m still your grief counselor and my job hasn’t been relieved.” 
She smiles. “Okay then. I think you’ve had a pretty rough day, so I think it’s time you try one of my famous homemade peanut butter milkshakes.”
“Famous, huh?” I ask.
“Oh, yeah, well at least to people around here.” She laughs as I follow her into the kitchen.
How on earth am I going to make this decision? She’s so happy when I’m here and I’m afraid if I leave, I may not ever see her again…
What would happen to her? What would happen to me?



Chapter Seven

Logan stayed the night with me. The General told him he could break the rules this time, since he had to make his decision by morning. I went to bed around midnight and Logan slept in the guest room downstairs. Well, he was supposed to be sleeping, but every time I woke up, I could hear him pacing the floor.
And when I got up this morning, he was in the kitchen, drinking coffee. Coffee! He doesn’t drink coffee and when I asked him about it, all he said was that he needed it today. He never mentioned if he’d made up his mind and I never asked. 
After an anxious morning, the doorbell rang and I went to answer it.
It was the General.
“Good morning, Ms. Woods. May I come in?” He asks as I step aside.
“Of course.” He walks into the living room as I shut the door. Logan and I enter at the same time as the General locks eyes with Logan.
“I have an early flight and I’m afraid I don’t have much time. Now, Lieutenant, will you be accompanying me or not?” He asks.
Logan stays silent for a moment before making eye contact with him. “I’ve been arguing with myself ever since I left the hotel yesterday. You made me an offer that I couldn’t refuse… I never thought I’d be able to reach the title of Captain, sure, I’ve always dreamed about it, but I never thought it would be something I could achieve…”
The General smiles. “I’m glad you have chosen this-”
Logan interrupts, “Sir, let me finish…”
“Proceed.”
Logan pauses before continuing. “It was a very nice offer, but then I realized that, yeah, it sounded good and it would make me more superior but was that really what I wanted? A title? A new uniform? I continued to ponder on that thought until I finally realized what made me a good leader was that I never let my team down. I expected them to give it their all and they expected the same of me. When Nick died, I promised him something. I gave him my word that I would make sure Caroline was taken care of. General, Nick gave the army his all and he died because of it. I owe him, the army owes him… You know me, sir… I’m a strong willed person and I won’t give up until the battle is won. I was given this assignment and I will complete it. I’m sorry, but I will not be traveling back with you.”
I just stare at him, unable to say a word.
“Lieutenant, I respect your decision, but may I remind you that my offer may not stand after you complete this mission.”
Logan nods. “I understand and my mind is made up. I’m staying.”
“Very well. I will check back with you in a few weeks. Have a nice day, Ms. Woods.” He adds and exits the house. 
“You turned him down…” I state looking at the floor.
He smiles. “I did. So, what are we doing today?”
“Thank you, Logan. You’re a true friend.”

Logan’s Point of View

That night, I found it hard to sleep. No matter what I did, I couldn’t relax. My conscience wouldn’t rest. I kept arguing with myself on whether or not I made the right decision. My head kept telling me I should have accepted my new position and moved on with my life but my heart wouldn’t listen.
If I left now, I wouldn’t have kept my promise to Nick and if I didn’t, I would have never forgiven myself. But even after that, I knew that wasn’t the only reason I had chosen to stay…
It was because of her.
She was so fragile, yet so emotionless. In a way, she reminded me of myself… I feel like I can tell her anything without worrying about what she might think or who she might tell… I can trust her and I’ve never been able to say that about anyone other than Nick…
I tossed and turned for what seemed like hours and just as I was about to doze off, my phone rang. I groaned loudly and went to see who it was.
Caroline.
“Hello? Something wrong?” I ask quickly.
“Logan?” She asks as I hear something break in the background.
“Caroline? What’s going on?” 
“Yeah, you know how you can only come in the middle of the night if it’s an emergency? Well, I think this is one of those times!” She screams.
“I’m coming!”
I quickly pull on a shirt and jeans and grab my car keys. I was about to walk out the door when I saw the pistol lying on the table. I go back and grab it then head toward the car.
I drove frantically down the street until the house came into view. All the lights were on as I quickly slammed on the breaks and parked the car on the side of the road. I headed up to the front door. As I went to open it, all I could hear was screaming. “I hate you! You took my baby from me! I should have gotten rid of you when I had the chance! I kept telling Nick you were nothing but a little she-devil but you know how children are, they never listen to their parents!”
“Louise, I know that you’re still upset about all of this, but it’s all over, there’s nothing either of us can do to bring him back. Now put the gun down and let’s talk about this like mature women.” Caroline says, slowly.
Gun? She has a gun? I roll my eyes and step quietly into the foyer, I peep around the corner and see Louise pointing a gun at Caroline in the kitchen. I quietly walk through the living room and enter the kitchen through the dining room behind Louise, with my gun drawled. Caroline sees me as I signal her to be quiet.
“Upset? I’m more than upset! I’m furious! Not only did you get my son killed but you completely dishonored his memory! You’re cheating on him with his best friend! You think your neighbors don’t talk, but they do! And they all come running to me! But now, I’m going to end it all in the name of my son!” She screams, looking at her gun.
“Louise put the gun down,” I add, slowly. She doesn’t turn around.
“Ah, Lieutenant Cook, I knew you’d show up eventually… Actually I’m glad you did… You can watch her die…”
“Louise, you know your son and I were very good friends, right?”
She nods. “Yes.”
“Then you and I both know that he wouldn’t want you to be doing this… He would want you to go home and sleep off whatever you’ve had tonight…”
“I’m not drunk! Not this time! I want to be fully awake as I watch her take her last breath.” She adds and looks back to Caroline.
“Louise, you know I can’t let you shoot her… I will have no choice…”
She ignores me as she starts to pull the trigger, 
“I’m sorry, Nick.” I mutter as I pull the trigger just as Louise’s gun goes off and she falls to the floor.
I look to Caroline who is pulling her knees to her head as she sits down. I walk over to her and pull her into a hug.
“I just killed his mother…” She cries.
“Actually, I did. And I had a good reason.”
She shakes her head as I continue to hold her. I call 911 and then we just sit there. 
How am I going to handle this one? I wonder.
Once the police arrive, I show them my ID and call the General who talks with them as the EMT’s arrive. I didn’t want Caroline to see any of this, so I made her go outside and sit on the patio. “I don’t want to live here anymore…” She mutters as she looks off into the distance.
“Then don’t. I can help you move into a new house.”
She shakes her head. “No, Logan… I don’t want to live anywhere near this place, this house, this town, not even this state.”
“And that’s your choice, I can’t tell you what to do.”
“Can you just leave me alone for a minute…?” She asks.
I nod and go back into the kitchen, I pretend to shut the door but instead leave it cracked and watch her as she sits down on the steps. “I’m sorry, Nick… I’m so sorry…” She cries as the wind picks up. “I don’t know if you’re mad at me but you have to understand that too much has happened in this house. I can’t live here anymore. I found out you had passed away in that house, your mother attempted to kill me, and then your Mother died in there… All that house does is bring sadness and death into this family. I’m afraid I’ve taken all I can take, Nick… I have to go and I hope you still know that I love you and I always will.” She takes a ragged breath as she cries silently into her hands.
“Lieutenant?” I turn around and see a police officer hand me my phone back. “He would like to speak with you.” I take it and answer. “General?”
“Logan, I must applaud you for your decision. If you left earlier, Ms. Woods could be dead right now. I understand why you did what you did and just so you know, you have now fully earned the Captain position. Your position is and always will be waiting on you.”
“Oh, thank you, sir.”
“So, how is she?”
“Not so good. Actually, sir, I’m not sure how I’m going to get her out of this one… I have a feeling, she’ll be finding a new place to live tomorrow.”
“What do you mean? A new house?”
I wish. “No, a new state.”
“Wow. I can’t say that I blame her, though. Tell you what, why don’t you get her to move near camp?”
“What?” I was shocked that he would even bring up the subject.
“Well, you can go back to work and be near her at the same time?”
“I can try, she might like that idea.”
“Okay, then call me tomorrow and let me know. Good work, Captain.”



Chapter Eight

“Is there any specific state you’re interested in?” Logan asks as he types Google into my laptops address bar.
I shake my head. “Not really… I always thought I’d live here.”
“Okay, what about characteristics? Or climate?”
I think a moment before answering. “I’ve always wanted to live near the beach.”
“Really? Well, now that you mention it, I talked to the General earlier and he informed me that I am officially Captain Logan Cook-”
I cut him off before he can continue. “Congratulations!” 
“Thank you, but he would like me to get to the base as soon as I can so that I can fulfill my new responsibilities…”
I nod reluctantly. “Of course… Well, I understand, I mean-”
“Let me finish, he wants me to go back to the base but he wants you to come along.”
“Like move there?” I definitely wasn’t expecting that but it wasn’t a bad idea.
“Yes, it’s in Virginia, very close to the beach, it’s called Fort Lee.”
“That doesn’t sound too bad… How expensive are houses in that area?” I ask curiously.
“Well, that’s another thing I’d like to discuss with you… You see, the base offers housing on site for soldiers and their families. I’ve been in the houses themselves before, they are very nice and up to date. Most of them are set up like duplexes, others are like condos. They are completely free of charge.”
“But I’m not family.”
He nods. “True and usually it would be against the rules, but the General pulled some strings and its fine. He said you can live there long term or just for a little while until you find a place of your own, it’s up to you.”
“So, I would basically be living with you?”
“Basically.” He nods.
“Wouldn’t that kind of be awkward?”
“Caroline, the only difference is that we would be sleeping in the same house. That’s it. I’m here pretty much all day anyway.”
He had a point. “What do they look like?”
“Glad you asked…” He says and pulls up some pictures. “The General sent these to me earlier, if you agreed, this would be the house. There’s two bedrooms, one and a half baths, a kitchen, laundry room, living room, and a bonus room upstairs.”
I take a look at all the rooms as he clicks through the pictures. The house was very nice and modern, just as he had said. 
“So?” He asks.
“Okay, I have one more question.”
“Shoot.”
“When you first came here, I asked you about the ‘rules’ you had to follow and there was one in particular that we would be breaking if I agreed to this. You aren’t supposed to spend the night so if I moved in, wouldn’t that be breaking the rules?”
“It would be if I was still your grief counselor.”
“Huh?”
“When we arrive on base, I will be sworn in as Captain, then I will no longer be your grief counselor, well, I won’t have that title anyway… But I’ll still be your friend, an occasional therapist, and if need be a cop.”
“I do like having a cop around,” I add and smile.
“So, would that be a yes?”
I look around nervously. “Alright, but hear me out. Just like the military, I too have rules you’ll need to follow.”
“I’m listening.”
“Rule number one, nothing changes between us, no awkwardness of any kind. Rule number two, we are not allowed in each other’s bedroom ever, unless it’s a life or death matter. Rule number three, as soon as we get settled in, I will start looking for my own place. Once I find the right one, I’ll move out. Do we have a deal?”
He nods. “I can accept that. Shall I call the General?”
“Yes, you may.”
He smiles and gets his phone out. “You might want to start packing because he’s probably going to want us out of here ASAP.”
“Yes, sir.” I salute him and head to my room. I plan on letting my parents sell the house, as I just don’t want to stay here any longer than I have to. I’m just going to pack the bare necessities and leave the rest for them…

After an hour of packing all of my clothes, shoes, hair products, and what not, I head downstairs. Logan is still sitting on the couch. “What did he say?”
“First, are you done packing?”
“Yes.”
“Good, we need to head to the airport, our flight leaves in an hour.”
I was shocked. “An hour? Dang, he does move fast. So how long does it take to get to Virginia?”
“About an hour and a half.” I nod and look up on the mantle. Nick’s flag is still sitting there along with a picture of us when he proposed. “Take it. If you don’t, I promise you, you’ll back for it within a week.”
“Oh, don’t worry. I’m not leaving him.” I mutter and walk up to the fireplace. I take the flag first and safely place into one of my duffle bags along with the picture. “Ready?” I ask.
“Yeah, we just need to stop by the hotel so I can sign out and get my things. The General said I can leave the rental car at the airport and someone will pick it up later.”
We exit the house one last time. I lock the door and take a step back.
This was the house that Nick was supposed to come home to… We would come back from our honeymoon and enter the house as husband and wife. Our kids would come home from the hospital here. All of those things, I had imagined in my future. But, that’s the magic of life. You can plan all you want but in the end, life will win.
I stepped away from the door and got in the car with Logan.
While he was getting the rest of his things at the hotel, I called my parents and informed them about what was going on. They surprisingly understood and agreed to take care of the house for me. I also called Heather and filled her in. She wasn’t happy that I was leaving but she knew I had to. I had to start over…
Once Logan and I got to our seats on the plane, it hit me.
I was really doing this… I was leaving the only place I had ever known.
Home.



Chapter Nine
It didn’t take long for us to land in Virginia. Once we got our luggage, we found the General waiting for us at the exit. “Captain.” He says and salutes Logan. “Ms. Woods. I’m glad you decided to take us up on our offer.”
“Thank you, General, for being so kind.”
He smiles. “That’s my job. Now, shall we carry on?” He asks, pointing to the car.
“Of course,” Logan adds as he loads our luggage into the trunk. The General and Logan get up front and I sit in the back. I had never been outside Kentucky before so all of this was very new to me. I took the chance to take in all the scenery as Logan and the General chatted about work.
Within ten minutes, we drove up to a big iron gate. The General rolled his window down and shows the security guard his ID. They opened the gate and we continued down the road. 
As for as I could tell, it looked like a huge, gated community to me. I saw bike paths and playgrounds, a public pool, and even a park as the General parks the car in a driveway. I get out and see the house. It’s actually a duplex, our house being on the left.
The building’s exterior was made up of white siding and huge bay windows. The front door was black and the trimmings around the windows were also of the same color. The General unlocked the front door as Logan and I entered. The first room was the living room. It was painted light blue and has brown leather furniture with hints of blue throughout. “The house is already furnished?” I ask.
“Yes, well, most of it, the bonus room is still empty as we leave that up to the family.” The General answers. We walk through an arch and find the kitchen. Which is dark blue with white cabinets and stainless steel appliances. To the left is a long hallway, the first door is the half bath, the second, the laundry room, and the third and fourth being the bedrooms.
“The master bedroom is the very last door, which has a full bath.” The General states.
“You can take that one,” Logan adds, walking into the guest room.
“Nonsense, I’ll take this one. I’ll be moving out anyway.” I add and follow him into my room. It’s decorated in white and purple. “Besides, purple isn’t really a manly color, if you ask me.” He laughs and we go into the master bedroom, which is highlighted in brown and white. “Now, this looks like you,” I add as he agrees.
“Yeah, much better.”
We walk back into the living room, where the General is waiting.
“Is everything to your liking?” He asks.
“Yes, sir. Everything is very nice.” Logan replies.
“Good. It’s getting late, so I’ll leave you two to get settled in now, I expect to see you both at the base tomorrow morning, at exactly eight AM.”
“Yes, sir.”
With that, Logan follows him out and carries our luggage in before he leaves.
“Yay, unpack time!” I add sarcastically. Logan rolls his eyes as I go into my room. I start with my shoe suitcase. I open my closet door and shriek.
“What?” Logan says, running in.
“Look at that closet! It’s huge!!!” I smile.
“You screamed about that?”
I give him a questioning look. “Yes, I did! Look at it! It’s every girl’s dream!”
He shakes his head and walks out.
I wait a minute before shrieking again.
“What?!?!” He comes running back in.
“Nothing just wanted to see if you’d still come.”
He rolls his eyes. “This is going to be one interesting living arrangement.” He adds and walk out once again.
I chuckle, “No, it’s going to be fun. I really can be a fun person.” I finish putting all my things away as I come up on my last duffel bag. I unzip it and pull out the picture frame. I walk over to the shelf under my TV and place it in the center. I go back and get his flag. I look all around the room, trying to find the perfect place for it. I finally decide to place it on my dresser, alongside the two vases of flowers.
Once I put all my suitcases away, I walk back into the hallway and see Logan standing in the kitchen. “Done?” He asks.
“Yes. Do you mind if I go and check out the area?”
“I’ll go with ya.”
We walk outside and follow the sidewalk around the gated community.
“So how many people live here?” I ask as we pass a group of kids.
“Well, right now, we aren’t at full capacity, so I’d say around five hundred or so.”
“Really? Wow.”
“We’re still renovating some of the houses, so it’s not as busy as it normally is.” We enter the park and sit down on a nearby bench. We sit there quietly as I watch a little girl play on the monkey bars. She couldn’t be any older than five, but she’s certainly cute as a button. She swings one last time before falling to the ground. A woman runs over to her, apparently her mother, as the child cries. She tries to soothe her but fails. Then a man walks up in uniform as the woman hands her to him. She immediately stops and they walk hand in hand away from the park.
That should be me.
“Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea… It’s been a long day, maybe we should go on home.” Logan adds, standing up.
I shake my head. “No, now sit down.” He sighs and does as he’s told. “I haven’t really had the chance to say this today, so I’m just going to say it now… Thank you for saving my life this morning, Logan. I owe you one.”
“You don’t owe me anything. It was my job.”
“No, your job was to be there for me from five AM to eleven PM. You didn’t have to answer the phone, you didn’t have to come to the house and you didn’t have to kill Louise. But you did, all because I called you needing help. You didn’t know what was going on, but you came. That, Logan, is a true friend.”
“I’m a soldier, keeping allies and innocent bystanders safe is what I do.”
“Say what you want, Logan. But even when I do move, I hope we still keep in touch, because no one has cared enough about me to stay with me, in my house, when I’m completely insane or kill someone to protect me or even let me move in with them just so I won’t be alone…”
“You need to get over the fact that people do care if you live or die in this world. And right now, that’s me. Grief counselor or not. You are a very special person, Caroline. A lot of people would have given up after everything you’ve been through, but you’re very strong willed. You are a real woman.”
“Oh, gosh, Logan, stop sucking up. Gez.” I add, turning away, trying to hide my blushing cheeks.
“I’m not and you know it.”
“Well, Captain,” I add and stand up. “I can tell you that not a day went by that I didn’t think about giving up… But for some reason, I didn’t. Maybe one day, I’ll figure out why. But for now, I think it's bedtime.” 
“Now, I can agree with that statement.” He says as we walk back to the house.
With every couple steps, we brush against one another.
And each time we do, a faint puff of wind blows us even closer.

Chapter Ten
“Ladies and gentleman, I now present to you, Captain Logan Cook.” The General announces, pinning a badge on Logan’s uniform. The crowd erupts into applause as they salute. “Now, before we end this ceremony, I would like to say a few words on Logan’s behalf.” The General says, stepping forward on the stage.
“Logan is an outstanding young man. He takes his job very seriously which is part of the reason he’s getting this title today. Many of you know that he’s been a grief counselor for multiple years while he has served in the army. He actually retired from it about six months ago and then crisis struck his squad. I’m sure all of you have heard of Private Nickolas Vaughn. He was under Logan’s command. Logan and Nickolas were great friends. A few months ago, Mr. Vaughn passed away in the line of duty. The last thing he asked Logan, was to take care of his Fiancé. And do you know what this man did? He came out of his retirement just to become her grief counselor.”
This is getting a little too personal for my liking… Why does this have to be brought up?
“He stuck by her as he promised. Then one night, I had to call Logan and tell him that he was going to be promoted. But you see, in order to become Captain, he had to be relieved of his grief counseling duties. Logan here, wouldn’t have it. He told me that even though all of this sounded so good, he had to keep his promise. Therefore, I left and told him his position may not be waiting for him when he returned. But something happened that night. Mr. Vaughn’s fiancé was threatened and almost killed. But Logan was there to save her life. Ladies and Gentlemen, this man is more than worthy of this position and I am so glad to be the one to honor him today.” The crowd erupts into applause one last time.
“Before we adjourn this meeting, I would like to take a moment of silence in remembrance of Private First Class, Nickolas Vaughn.” A voice announces over the sound system. Logan and the General walk over to side stage as a screen lowers from the ceiling. The saddest song I had ever heard started to play as pictures of Nick appeared.
I stare blankly at the screen as Nick and I’s personal pictures flash across it. How could this be? Why would they do all of this without asking me first? I lower my head quickly as I make my way out of the room. I make the mistake of looking back as I see our engagement pictures slowly fade off the screen. Logan’s eyes scan the audience until he finds me. 
A tear silently falls from my cheek as I turn and quickly exit the room. Once outside, I observe my surroundings. 
Where do I go?
What do I do?
I fold my arms across my chest and head home. I knew Logan would be there soon, but I couldn’t handle it anymore. I was usually pretty good at hiding my feelings but that was too much to handle.
As I enter the house, tears start flowing freely. I run into my room and get in my closet. I find a little cubby hole under my winter wear rack. I slowly slide to the floor and pull my knees to my chest. Why does all of this keep happening to me? Every time I think I’m going to be happy, something always pulls me back down. I look up and see Nick’s army jacket. I pull it off the hanger and wrap it around my body.
Then I hear what I had been waiting for.
“Caroline?” Logan yells, entering the house. I hear him walk through some of the rooms and then he comes into my bedroom. “Caroline? I know you’re in here.” My stupid lungs give away, as a soft noise escapes my mouth. Logan walks into the closet and kneels beside of me.
“I’m sorry they did that.” He adds.
“Why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t they ask me before they showed our entire life on screen?” I mutter between breaths.
“Caroline, I didn’t know. They didn’t tell me anything and to be honest I would like to know the same thing and I will find out who’s responsible for it, alright?”
I don’t answer, I just continue looking at the floor.
“How about we go get some breakfast? Even though it’s a base camp, our cafeteria can make some of the best home cooked meals around.”
“You can go.” I whisper.
He sighs and rises to his feet. He turns around and sits down next to me. “Nope, if you’re staying, I’m staying.” He adds and rests his head against the wall. We sat there for what seemed like forever without saying a single word. My eyes began to get heavy as my head slowly collapsed on Logan’s shoulder.

Logan’s Point of View

I gently lift Caroline off the floor and place her on the bed. I slide a quilt over her and leave the room. I stopped at the window in the living room, watching as soldiers and their families move freely around the base. I had to figure out who was in charge of Nick’s remembrance slideshow and now would probably be a good time. 
I exited the house and walked to the General’s office. His secretary greets me. “Good morning, Captain. How may I help you?” She asks, smiling.
“I was hoping the General was in. I need to speak with him immediately.” 
She nods. “He is but I’m afraid he’s taking a business call right now. May I leave him a message for you?”
I shake my head. “No, but could you possibly check on that? I really need to speak with him and it will only take a minute.”
She sighs and rises from her desk. She knocks on the door and slowly peeks inside. “General, Captain Logan Cook is here to see you, he says it’ll only take a minute.”
“Send him in.”
I walk quickly through the door. The General is sitting at his desk, staring out the window. “I have been waiting for you all morning. How’s Caroline?” He asks, turning to me.
“Not good, I’m afraid. General, did you know that was going to take place?”
“I knew we were going to have a moment of silence, but I was unaware of the slideshow.” I nodded as I knew he wouldn’t lie to me.
“Who did it?”
“Logan, I don’t think-”
“Sir, please tell me.”
“Lieutenant Jon Grant. I believe you know him well, as did Nick.”
“Am I over him now? Is he one of my soldiers?”
He nods. “Yes, but before you do anything rational, I have already talked with him. It will not happen again.”
“Thank you, General. Have a nice day.” I add before saluting him and leaving the room.
I liked Jon. He was a good soldier, a good friend. But sometimes, I just don’t think he uses his brain. I walk next door to my office. I used to have one but I never liked it. I always wanted to be out on the field but right now, I could use it. My secretary is sitting at her desk on the computer. When she sees me, she rises and salutes.
“Captain! What a surprise.”
“Yes, I decided that maybe having an office isn’t such a bad idea. Anyway, I came to ask you a favor.”
“Of course,” She says, sitting back down.
“Could you radio Lieutenant Jon Grant? I need to speak with him ASAP.”
“Yes, sir. Anything else?”
“Just send him in as soon as he arrives.”
She nods. “Of course.”
I enter my office and shut the door. I walk over to my desk and sit down. I can’t help but think it’s a bit empty. No files or papers are thrown over the top, but I guess that would be because I never come in here. Usually, if someone needs something, they find me. But maybe I should come here more often… I am of authority now…
I sit there quietly for a few more minutes before my phone rings.
“Captain Logan Cook speaking,” I answer.
“Hello, Captain. Just calling to inform you that the Lieutenant has arrived.” 
“Send him in. By the way, I never got your name?” I ask, not wanting to call her secretary forever.
“My name’s Katie Fryer, sir.”
“Ah, well thank you, Katie,” I add and hang up as my door opens, revealing Jon. He salutes me as I motion for him to sit down.
“Good morning, Logan. Long time no see, buddy.” He adds before sitting down in front of my desk.
“Same here. Now, let’s get down to business. I know the General spoke with you about the incident this morning, but I wanted to speak with you personally about it.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Was it your idea?” I ask.
He nods. “Yes, sir.”
“All of it? Because from what the General said, it was only supposed to be a moment of silence.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Why did you do it?”
“Captain, you know me. We’ve both been in the army a very long time. We were both in the same unit together and we both were very good friends with Nick… I just wanted to remember him the right way.”
“The right way? Lieutenant, were you aware that Nick’s fiancé was in the audience?”
“There was a rumor going around that she was on base, but no one ever said if it was true or not.”
“Then shouldn’t have you taken it upon yourself to find out? Do you have any idea how much that hurt her?” He stays silent. “Get out of my office,” I add and spin my chair around to face the window.
“I’m sorry, Logan. I just wasn’t thinking…”
“Jon, that’s your problem. You don’t think. What happens if you get promoted and are in charge of hundreds of people? What if you don’t think and end up getting every one of them killed?”
“You’re right and I’ll be more careful next time.”
“Jon, I am your commanding officer now. And I have to put all friendships aside and do what’s best for the country. I am losing patience with you and I want you to know, if you slip up one more time, I’m going to have to relieve you from your duties.”
“Yes, sir.”
“You’re dismissed.” I add as I hear the door shut and turn back around to an empty room.
That certainly went well.
Once I gain my composure, I say my goodbye’s to Katie. “I’ll be leaving for the day, only call me if it’s an emergency.” I add and shut my office door.
“Yes, sir. Have a nice evening!”
I walk through the park and head home. Soon, the duplex comes into view. A black Lincoln Navigator is sitting in the driveway. Wonder who that could be? I walk up the driveway and push the door open. What I see surprises me, to say the least.
“My baby!” Mom squeals and hugs me.
“Mom? Dad?” I add looking around the room. Dad is sitting on the sofa along with my brother, Alex, while Caroline sits in the corner, awkwardly. “What are you doing here?” I ask, pulling away from my mom.
“The General called and informed us that you were being promoted. We were supposed to arrive early for the ceremony, but our flight was delayed and we didn’t make it. Your father and I are so proud of you!” She says and tries to hug me again, but I pull away.
“Enough with the hugging… Is that the real reason you came? Because all the other times I’ve been promoted, I haven’t so much as gotten a phone call from you.”
“Now, son, all the other times weren’t as important. You’re a Captain now! That’s impressive!” She adds and smiles.
“Oh, really? So you only care when I have a big name?”
“That’s not true, honey. We love you and we were a bit worried about you. Ya know, we hear about you often back home but I must say, we didn’t hear about your live in…” She says, nodding toward Caroline, disgustingly.
“Yeah, she’s kind of hot,” Alex adds.
“Okay, hold it right there. First off, Alex, shut up! I can and will have you thrown off this base. Secondly, mom, you don’t- You just-” I sigh loudly and look to Caroline. “Could you just give us a minute?” I ask.
“Gladly.” She adds and walks off to her room.
I wait until she’s gone before continuing. “You don’t know the slightest thing about me or her. When I left for the army, you guys didn’t want a thing to do with me. All you cared about was dad’s big corporation. You didn’t care what I did or what I thought. You just worried about Alex. You wanted him to grow up and be the big shot of this family. You did that because you were disappointed in me. I didn’t want anything to do with the business and I made that clear. And now the only thing I can think of that would make you come see me, is that Alex has failed you and you need to confide in the only person that has a brain in this family. And I have one thing to say and that is no.”
“Son, I know we weren’t as supportive as we should have been, but-”
I hold up my hand. “Dad, stop. I don’t want an explanation. I don’t want to hear anything. I don’t need it. Alex has failed you and now you need a backup plan. And that’s not going to be me.”
“Will you at least hear us out?” Mom asks in a slow, calm voice.
“I don’t have time for this. I have things to take care of. I’m in charge of many people and that is my responsibility.”
“Just listen for two minutes, Logan! We came all this way! Just hear them out.” Alex states.
I look around the room as my mind prepares itself for the worst.
“Two minutes,” I repeat.
“After you left, you’re father and myself maintained the company. When Alex graduated, he began his internship and learned how the business worked first hand. After a year, he became the COO and he was doing well. Until he met a woman and they got married. She took everything from him and tried to take over the business. She didn’t fully succeed, but she left her mark and now we’re back at square one. We need someone new, Logan. Someone the people can trust and what better man than an army man.” 
Well, the two minutes wasn’t completely up, so I guess it’s my turn. “Mom, I’m sorry that you trusted your own son and he failed you. I’m sorry that you’re more than likely going to lose your corporation but I am not your man. The army is what I do. It’s what I’m passionate about and if that isn’t good enough for you, then you don’t deserve to be an American. You both used to have that pride. We used to go to every firework show around on the fourth of July, no matter how busy Dad was. Then, once I even showed the slightest interest in the Army all that stopped. Why? It should have been an honor to have a son that was willing to risk his life to serve his country but it wasn’t for you. It was a disgrace because I wasn’t cut out for the high-class lifestyle.”
“Son, you know-” Dad starts.
I cut him off. “It’s not me. When I got on that plane and left for boot camp, I lost my family and I never got them back. Mom, do you know what hurt me the most?” She stares at me and shakes her head. “When I got married, you weren’t there. You said that dad had a business trip and you had to go. All I got was a card that your secretary signed. That’s all. Then when I lost my wife, I never even got a phone call from my mother. My own mother didn’t care that I lost the only thing that mattered to me. And then you walk in here and look at Caroline like she’s some kind of monster. That woman means more to me than any of you ever will. She has been through hell and back. Her husband was one of my best friends. He helped me through so much while I was in boot camp. Then I had to sit and watch him die. He was a true friend and I promised him that I would take care of her. And that’s exactly what I’m doing.”
They all look at one another without saying a word.
“I know it’s late, which is why I’m going to be nice and let you stay the night. Mom and dad, you take the room straight down the hall. Alex, you sleep on the couch. I want you all out of here before sunrise and I mean it.” 
With that, I walk away and entered Caroline’s room. She’s sitting on her bed, watching me. “I’ll explain later.” She nods as I sit down in the corner and try to calm down.
How could they do this to me?



Chapter Eleven
I heard everything he said. I know I shouldn’t be listening to him but he was kind of screaming and it was hard to just ignore what he was saying. I was shocked to learn that they didn’t support him in the army. What kind of parents were they? I mean, Logan is very good at what he does but not only that, he actually enjoys his job. Not many people can say that now days. 
Logan continued to sit in the corner staring off into space. I could tell he was in deep thought so I didn’t disturb him. I just looked over to my nightstand and grabbed the book I had been reading. I picked up where I left off and silently read to myself…
“They’re leaving first thing in the morning.” Logan mutters after a few minutes.
I look up at him. “That’s fine…”
“What did they say to you?”
I hesitate before responding, “Honestly, they didn’t say much.  I just introduced myself and then they just sat down after I told them that you weren’t in.” I look back down at the book and continue reading.
“Why do you do that?”
“Do what?” I finally give up and sit my book back on the nightstand.
“Not ask me a billion questions. You act like it’s none of your business and you completely withdraw yourself from asking anything about them.”
I sigh. “Because it isn’t any of my business. What happened between you and your family is between you and them.”
“It is now. You live here too and they had no right to talk about you like that.”
“Well, they did and oh well. I’m not going to go kill myself just because your momma doesn’t like me. Trust me, I’ve been through worse and you of all people should know that.”
“You confided in me, now it’s my turn.” He adds and stands up. I watch him carefully as he sits down on the other side of the bed.
“Oh, Lord.” I mumble.
“What?”
“You don’t need to tell me your life story just because I told you mine.”
“Yes, I do and you’re going to listen.”
Did he just give me an order? “Well, I got news for you, Captain, you may yell out orders outside of this house and expect people to jump every time you say something, but that’s not how it works inside.”
“Oh, really?” He smiles.
“Oh, yes. I rule in here. I give the orders.” He bursts into laughter. “What’s so funny?”
He tries to keep a straight face. “Nothing… Nothing.”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought. Now, if you don’t want to tell me, don’t. I honestly don’t mind.”
“But I want to tell you.”
“Fine.” I sigh. “Go.”
“My parents only had two children. I was born first then Alex, but he was more of a surprise. I always knew my dad had a corporate job but I didn’t know much about it until I was in middle school. That was when my parents told me that I was to become a successful businessman and carry on my dad’s legacy after he was gone. I didn’t tell them that wasn’t my dream until my junior year of high school, they refused to listen to me and ignored me for months. I let it go and graduated high school with my wife. Her name was Julie and we had been going to school together since Kindergarten. We never really talked to each other until eighth grade, that’s when we began dating. My parents always liked Julie until I asked her to marry me. They didn’t think she was fit to be a business man’s wife, it was then that I told them I had joined the army. That was the last time I saw them until now.”
“So, they just gave the company over to Alex?”
He nods. “Pretty much and he ran it into the ground. Which is why they were here. They want me to fix it.”
“Are you going to help them?”
He shakes his head. “No way. They made a mistake, let them fix it.”
I look at my alarm clock.
10:28PM.
“So, where are they sleeping?”
“My parents are in my room and Alex is on the couch.”
“So, I guess it’s just you and me?”
“If you referring to sleeping in the same bed together, then yes, we are, unless you’d rather take your pick from three complete strangers?”
“I think you’re a keeper.” I add quickly.
He smiles. “That’s what I thought.”
I stand up, walk into my closet, and shut the door. I look for my PJ’s and only find two pairs. One is a tank top and short set with hearts and Sexy Stuff written on them and the other was a tank top and pant set with a cartoon dinosaur on them. I decided on the dinosaur and quickly changed. 
When I walk back out, Logan is now shirtless and laying on top of the comforter. I do not make eye contact as I slip under the covers and grab my book. “What are you doing?” He asks.
“Reading, what does it look like?”
“Is that Barney?” He laughs, looking at my shirt.
“Yes, it is, you better not make fun of the big purple dinosaur, he may haunt you in your dreams,” I warn.
He laughs. “Yeah! Funny.”
“Chance it,” I add and look back to my book.
It remains silent a moment. “Caroline, I can’t sleep with that light on.”
“Then don’t sleep,” I smirk.
He glares at me. “What? I need sleep. If I don’t sleep, I’m going to be very cranky in the morning and you don’t want that.”
“I don’t see how that’s possible, as you’re already cranky.”
“Caroline.” He groans.
“Fine, I’m only a page away from finishing this chapter, can you wait that long?”
He sighs. “I guess.”
“Thank you.” I slowly continue on with my book, I actually get a few pages into the next chapter before Logan catches me. “Oh, no you don’t.” He adds and snatches the book from my hands. “Turn the light off.” 
“Why should I?” I smile.
“Caroline, I’m not in the mood for you childishness.”
“Just answer one question. Why can’t you sleep with lights on?”
“I don’t know! I just can’t. Now turn it off!”
I cross my arms. “I most certainly will not if you keep yelling at me, Captain. I am not one of your soldiers.”
“Fine, I’m sorry, okay? Now, will you turn the light off?”
I smile and click the off button on the lamp before sinking down into the mattress. I hear Logan sigh and turn over, I can feel his breath on my skin. “Nope, nope, not going to work,” I add and sit up.
He groans even louder than before. “What now?”
“You are way too close to me, I need my space when I sleep.”
“Well, gee, I’m sorry, I’m not exactly a small person, I take up quite a bit of room.”
“Then could you at least face the wall. I cannot stand people breathing in my face.”
“Fine.”
I get comfortable again as Logan slides over. “Better?”
“Yes, very, thank you.”
“Could you remind me tomorrow to pick up an air mattress in case we ever have visitors? Because I repeat, this will never happen again.”
“Agreed.” I laugh as all goes silent.
Soon, I hear Logan snoring. Maybe this isn’t as awkward as I thought…

I was sleeping pretty soundly until I felt something heavy on top of me. My eyes immediately flew open and I saw that Logan had turned over and was now partially laying on me.
You’ve got to be kidding me.
He moved a little more until I was between his left arm and his chest. I’ll admit, I didn’t move right away. It was kind of nice not sleeping alone for once. But I almost felt like I was betraying Nick… Granted, I know that Logan didn’t have anywhere else to sleep but maybe I should have slept on the floor or something.
I looked to Logan who seemed to be sleeping peacefully. I hated to wake him but shouldn’t I move? But on the other hand, he did have a rough day and I didn’t want to be the reason he woke up cranky in the morning…
I finally decided to just leave him alone. Maybe he’ll move back in a few minutes… I try going back to sleep but I can’t. I just keep watching Logan. I wonder what he would do if he woke up to this? Would he move?
I lightly elbow him in the stomach, he groans a bit but doesn’t wake up. I close my eyes and elbow him once more. This wakes him but I continue to pretend I’m asleep.
“Wow…” He mutters under his breath. “Caroline?” He whispers. 
I don’t respond. 
I expect him to let me go, but he doesn’t. Instead, he kisses me on the forehead and lays back down. I know I’m blushing, but I force myself to remain still until I hear him snore again. 
Why on earth did he do that? Why wouldn’t he move? Or flip over or something?
My brain keeps telling me to move but for some reason I don’t. I lay there until I fall asleep…

The next time I wake up, light is coming in through the curtains. Logan and I hadn’t moved since I went to sleep. I quietly remove myself from his arms and stand up. My alarm clock says 6:01AM.
I open my closet and grab some clothes before going into the living room. No one’s here. I checked the driveway to see that the SUV was gone. Logan was right, they did leave. I go into Logan’s room and see that his bed is made and everything is neatly placed around the room as if no one had ever been there.
I go into the bathroom and take a quick shower. After I change, I go back out into the bedroom as I hear a phone ringing. I follow the sound and find Logan’s cell phone in the kitchen. The caller ID says it’s the General. Crap!
“Logan!” I yell and run into my room. He doesn’t move. “Logan!” I scream throwing a pillow at his face.
“God, what?” He asks, sitting up.
“Phone.” I throw it at him as he catches it and answers, “General?” I walk back into the kitchen and eat a bowl of cereal. The next time I see Logan, he’s walking through the hall in his uniform.
“When did they leave?” He asks, looking around.
I shrug. “I don’t know, when I got up at six, they were gone.”
“Good.”
“Where are you going?” 
He sighs. “Office, I have a meeting with the General. Just curious, what are you going to be doing around lunch today?”
“Uh, well, I was planning on looking up some houses that are for sale in the area. Why?”
“Could you maybe take a break from that around noon?”
I nod. “I suppose, what’s the occasion?”
“Well, I was hoping we could eat lunch together, so we can discuss a few things.”
“A few things?”
“Yeah, ya know, the house and what not.”
My eyebrows furrow. “Oh, alright…”
“Good, be at my office at noon and print off any houses you’re interested in, I’d love to see them.”
I nod as he heads out the door. Wasn’t I supposed to remind him of something? I run to the door, “Logan!” I yell as he stops and looks back.
“What?”
“I believe I was supposed to remind you to pick up an air mattress today?”
He laughs, “Very funny, Caroline, very funny.” He adds and walks off.
I smile and shut the door. I guess I’d better get busy… I grab my laptop and sit down on the sofa. I check all the local real estate sites for any houses I’d be interested in, but I’m coming up empty…
Everything in my budget either doesn’t have a yard, only has one bedroom, or is completely outdated. I’ve been looking for hours and everything I look at just discourages me. I finally just give up and get ready to meet Logan. 
I lock up the house and walk down the sidewalk to the office building. I check the directory on the wall and find Logan’s name. It says he’s on the second floor in office 3B. I take the elevator and walk into the office. A woman is sitting behind a desk. She smiles and looks up at me. “Would you be Ms. Woods?”
“Yes.”
“Ah, the Captain has been expecting you. You may go on in.” 
“Thanks.” I knock and walk through the door.
“Caroline, right on time.” He adds and looks at the clock.
“So, what are we eating?”
“Well, why don’t we stop by the cafeteria, I think they’re serving Chinese today?”
I nod. “That’s fine.”
He grabs his phone off the desk as I follow him out.
“I’ll be back in an hour.” He tells the secretary. 
“Have a nice lunch, sir.”
We exit the building through the back and enter the cafeteria, a couple of soldiers salute Logan as we get our food. “This way,” Logan says, walking through a door off to the side that says, Private. It’s a rather small room with a couple of tables and chairs inside.
“This is where we usually hold lunch meetings but the General said we could use it. Once everybody starts coming in for lunch, you can’t hear yourself think out there… So, show me what ya found.”
“Actually, I didn’t find anything. I looked all morning but nothing jumped out at me.”
“Then maybe right now isn’t a good time for you to move. We’ve only been here a few days. Get to know the area, then look for a house.”
I sigh. “I don’t know…”
“Just because there isn’t a house on the market that you like right now, doesn’t mean one might not pop up tomorrow. The housing market is very unpredictable.”
“That’s true.”
We eat in silence for a few minutes.
“Uh, there’s something I would like to discuss with you but I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” He says, without making eye contact.
“Oh, well, what’s the subject?” I ask, nervously.
“It’s about last night…”
I laugh, “Actually, I wanted to talk about that as well.”
“Oh, well, you first…” He adds.
“No, no, you.”
“Alright.” He takes a deep breath before continuing. “I’ll just be completely honest with you. When my parents showed up yesterday, I wasn’t myself… I was kind of in shock and I just, I wasn’t me… I should have asked your permission before I just invited myself in. That wasn’t Logan thinking… Or at least, not you’re Logan. The little Logan that my parents once knew took over and the only thing I could think of was getting away from them. I never even thought about sleeping on the floor. It was like yesterday was a dream and I was watching it all through someone else’s eyes. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable, I just wanted to be near someone that reminded me of who I was. And at the time, it was you.”
“You didn’t make me uncomfortable, I knew you were upset about them, so I continued on the only way I knew how and that was to aggravate the crap out of you. But there was one instant that I was a bit curious about… I woke up during the night and… You were… We were-”
“I know.” He adds simply.
“But, when you woke up, I was awake. I was actually the one that woke you up. I wanted to see if you would move and you didn’t… Instead-”
“I kissed you.” He shrugs. “But it was just on the forehead.”
“That’s all?” I ask.
“All what?”
“That’s all you’re going to say?”
He shrugs. “Well, there isn’t anything else to say…”
“Why did you do it?”
“What? I don’t know. Guess it’s just one of those things you do in the moment… And I was half asleep…” I don’t say anything else, I just finish my food. “Is that what you’re upset about?” He asks as we start to throw away our trays.
“I just, I don’t know. It shouldn’t have happened. Everything about last night shouldn’t have happened.”
“You just said I didn’t make you uncomfortable and now you’re all upset over the fact that I kissed you… On the forehead, might I add?”
“I wasn’t uncomfortable, I just-”
“Oh, I get it! You aren’t mad because you were uncomfortable, you’re mad because you liked it!”
“What? I most certainly did not!”
“Then what is it?”
“I don’t know, Logan! Okay? I don’t know anything about me anymore.” I yell and walk out of the cafeteria. I needed time to think, so I took the long way home.
Was Logan right? Did I like it? I got so used to sleeping alone and being alone, I almost forgot what it’s like being around a man… Logan listens to everything I say, he cares about my opinion, he wants me to be happy, and it drives me crazy!
I hate to say it, but I don’t even think Nick did all that… I mean I loved him so much, but with him gone all the time, we never really had the chance to talk or have time to ourselves…
Once I got back to the house, I noticed the door was already unlocked. Logan must have come back. I walk inside but I don’t see anyone, so I continue on to my bedroom. As soon as I open the door, I see Logan sitting in the corner. He gets up and starts walking toward me.
Before I can say anything, he pulls me into him and presses his lips against mine. I become dizzy and melt into his arms. I want to protest, but my body refuses to listen.
“What the hell?” I say as he finally pulls away.
He smirks. “You want to be mad about something? There’s something to be mad about.”
“Logan! That’s so not fair! We agreed that there would be no awkwardness between us! Nothing was supposed to change.”
“Yeah, we also agreed that we wouldn’t go into each other’s room unless it was a life or death matter but that didn’t work either, now did it?” I groan and walk away from him. “Where are you going?” He asks, following me.
“Out,” I mutter and start to open the front door but he slams it shut and steps in front of me.
“Not yet, we need to talk.”
“We can talk later, now move.”
He counters. “No, now sit down and listen.”
“No, I’m leaving.” 
“How is leaving going to help anything, Caroline? You’re just going to ignore me when you come back. I know how you work.”
“It’s not that, it’s just that there isn’t anything to talk about. I lost my fiancé and you helped me through it. I thought we were good friends.”
“What are you talking about? We are good friends!”
“No, because if we were, you wouldn’t have kissed me. Friends are more of a social matter, kissing is more intimate which is something friends don’t do.”
“Would you please just sit down so we can talk about this? Then if you want to leave, I’ll let you go.” He says with a saddened expression on his face.
Why does this mean so much to him? Why can’t he just forget about it?
I stare at him for a minute then sit down on the sofa.
He smiles and sits down next to me. “When I first met you, I couldn’t quite figure out why Nick fell in love with you. You didn’t show your feelings so how could you show anybody affection? You weren’t very social and you didn’t really need any kind of attention. You took care of yourself and I couldn’t figure you out. I couldn’t tell what you were thinking and it bothered me. Your attitude toward things kind of got on my nerves, but then it hit me. That night I told you about my wife was when I finally saw that you had feelings. You actually did care somewhere in there. That was when I realized why you annoyed me so much. It was because you are just like me. I was the same way after Julie died. I shut everything off, I might see it or even hear it, but I never let it get to me. That’s why I was such a good soldier, people were dying all around me and I didn’t even flinch. Until Nick died. That’s when I finally let it all back in and you were my first assignment.” 
“I got on your nerves?” I ask, laughing.
“Yes, you did, but in a good way. When you agreed to come here with me, I was relieved. I knew that I eventually had to leave and I was dreading it. I was afraid if I left you alone, you’d become depressed. I was afraid that when I came back to visit, you wouldn’t be there.”
“Logan, you do understand that I’m not going to live with you forever. I am going to find my own place.”
He nods. “I’ll be honest, when you came to lunch today and told me you didn’t find anything online, I wasn’t exactly upset. I was kind of glad because that meant you could stay with me a little longer. But even if you did find something, you would at least be near the base and not a couple states over.”
I look around the room trying to gather my thoughts. Is he trying to tell me something? Am I just supposed read his mind? “What are you trying to tell me, Logan?” 
He sighs and makes me look at him. “I know this is kind of sudden and you may not be ready for it, but I can’t put it off any longer. I care about you, Caroline. I know that seems wrong but I do. When I’m with you, I feel like myself again, which is something I haven’t felt since Julie passed. I didn’t tell you, but I found out who put on the memorial service at my ceremony. I almost fired him, but instead, I basically threatened him and as a person of authority, it could have gotten me dishonorably discharged, but I didn’t care. He hurt you, therefore, he hurt me.”
“You do understand that Nick died only six weeks ago… I’m not ready to for all this.” I shake my head and rise to my feet.
“I know, Caroline, I know, but you said it yourself. You left because you wanted to start over. You wanted to go somewhere where no one knew you and just become who you wanted to be. Why can’t that include me?” He asks, reaching for my hand but I pull away.
“I never said it couldn’t. You are my best friend but that’s just it. I don’t want to ruin what we have. Not only that, but I’m just not ready.”
“I understand… Will you at least tell me when you are?”
I nod and walk back to my room.
“I love you…” He mumbles under his breath.



Chapter Twelve
I sat in my room the rest of the day. Logan eventually went back to his office and I spent the day alone. I wasn’t exactly sure what to do with myself, I tried reading a book, browsing the web, watching TV, but no matter what I did, my mind would always linger back to Logan.
I never even had the slightest idea of how he felt about me. I thought we were good friends and he would always be there for me whenever I needed him. I never expected this to happen.
I just wanted to leave Kentucky and be who I wanted to be.
The next morning, I waited until Logan left for work, then I called a cab to meet me at the front gate. I really needed to run some errands, without Logan. I knew he would be home for lunch, so I left a note on the fridge explaining my absence. Afterward, I grabbed my purse, locked up, and made my way to the base’s entrance.
“Good morning, ma’am, would this be your cab?” A security guard asks.
“Yes, it would.” He opens the door as I get in. “Have a nice day.”
“Where to?” The driver asks.
“To the nearest car dealership, please.”
“No problem.”
I couldn’t stand being locked in that house all day long, I needed a way of transportation and I intended to find one first thing. Before I left home, I transferred all my savings into my bank account, including Nick’s life insurance policy. It was time to get settled in and I knew today was the day.
We arrive at a local car dealership, I pay the driver and walk around the lot. Before long, an employee comes out to greet me. “Hello, ma’am, my name’s Sam, can I help you?”
“Yes, you can. I recently moved into town from out of state and I need to purchase a vehicle.”
“No problem, anything in particular you’re looking for?”
“Well, I definitely don’t want a gas guzzler, but something relatively decent. I don’t want an SUV or anything, just a car.” 
“Alright, do we have a price range?” He asks.
I think a moment. “No, not really.”
“Okay then, well we just got this beauty in,” He says, walking up to a white Toyota Camry. “She’s very good on gas, she has a built-in stereo, leather interior, and heated seats.”
“It’s nice, but I’m not much on white. I was hoping for something with a little more- more muscle maybe?”
He nods. “Ah, I’ve got just the thing!” We walk over to a 2011 Ford Mustang GT. It’s black with a silver racing stripe down the center.
“How much is it?” I ask.
“Twenty-seven thousand, a good bargain for a good car. She’s got matching leather interior, heated seats, and a built-in GPS.”
That was pretty much all I needed to hear, but I did take her for a little test drive first, and then I told Sam the three words he loved to hear, “I’ll take it.”
After I filled out all the paperwork and such, I took her for a spin around town. She drove smooth and I must admit, I loved this car! Once I came back from cloud nine, I looked up a local real estate agency and made an appointment. Maybe I was putting too much on myself, maybe I needed some help.
I put their address into the GPS and quickly followed its directions. Within minutes, I arrived at my destination and one thing was for sure, I was definitely glad I had a GPS. I have no idea where anything is in this town.
As soon as I began to get out of the car, my phone goes off. I shut the door and dig it out of my purse. It says I have a text message, from Logan.
What ‘errands’ are you running?
I text him back before entering the office.
Can’t talk right now, be back soon.
With that, I drop the phone into my purse and walk up to the secretary’s desk. “Good afternoon, how may I help you?”
“I called earlier and made an appointment with Andrea,” I say, hoping I remembered the woman’s name correctly. 
“And your name?” She asks, looking at her computer screen.
“Caroline Woods.”
“Ah, there you are. You can go on back, second door to the right.” She says, pointing down a long hallway. 
“Ah, you must be Caroline. We spoke on the phone?” She asks as I enter the room.
“Yes, nice to meet you.” 
“Same here, have a seat.” She says and motions to a chair in front of her desk. “So, I wrote down a few things you mentioned so I could have an idea of what you’re looking for. You said you are looking for a home on the outskirts of town, maybe ten to fifteen minutes away, two to three bedrooms, and a garage. What else would you like me to look for?”
“I would like a decent yard but I don’t want it to require too much upkeep, I don’t really care about a basement or anything like that, as it’s only me.”
“Well, I don’t think that’ll be a problem. I just listed a few new homes this morning that fit your description.”
I was thrilled to hear this. I really wanted to go house hunting and find a place of my own and with Andrea’s help, I think it could happen in the near future.
After filling out some paperwork and such, Andrea was finally my realtor and she would be getting in touch with me in a few days once she came up with a few houses that fit my requirements.
Once all that was complete, I headed back to base. As I pulled up to the gate, the security guards gazed at my car. I rolled down the window and showed them my ID.
“Hello, Ms. Woods. Nice car.” He says.
I smile, “Thanks.” The gate swings open and I drive to the house. As I pull into the driveway, I see Logan sitting on the porch with his head in his hands. He looks up.
He stands as I get out of the car. “Caroline? What in the world.” 
“Like her?” I ask as he walks around the vehicle.
“Her?”
I nod. “Yes, her name is Phoenix, she’s my new ride.” 
“You bought a Mustang? That was your errand?”
“Well, yeah, I needed some transportation, so I picked her up on my way to meet my real estate agent.”
“Real estate agent?” He asks as I nod. “What did you do?” 
“What do you mean? I bought a car and found an agent so I can look for a house.”
“I-I thought you were going to wait?”
“I was but then I thought, why not? Nothing’s holding me back.”
“Caroline, are you having a midlife crisis?” At first, I thought he was joking, but his eyes said otherwise.
“Logan, I’m too young for that!”
“I don’t know…”
I roll my eyes. “You’re silly. I bought the car because I’ve always wanted a Mustang and I found an agent so I don’t have to do all the work myself.”
“I just thought we would go when I was off. I thought I was going to help you…” He says, looking around.
“I’m a grown woman, Logan. I can do some things myself.” I add and walk past him.
“Caroline, wait. I need to tell you something before you hear it from someone else.”
“What?” I ask and turn around.
“Something happened today and it’s not good.”
“How bad?” I ask, turning to face him. He walks into the house without saying a word. I take the hint, follow him, and shut the door behind us. “What happened?”
“Remember how I told you about the guy that put on Nick’s memorial thing?” He asks.
“Yeah, why?”
“Well, his name is Lieutenant Jon Grant and he used to be very good friends with Nick as well as myself. Let’s just say he wasn’t too happy with what I said to him and he kind of made a bit of a scene today.”
“What kind of scene?”
He shrugs nervously. “After I threatened him, he decided that he was going to tell all the soldier’s that I wasn’t fit to be their Captain because I was too emotionally attached-”
“You’re kidding me?”
He shakes his head. “No, he told everyone that I was basically in love with you and we were together and now the General has called for a meeting with us.”
“Could this get you fired?”
“Highly doubt it, but it could get him sent to military prison.” 
“Really?”
He nods. “Yes, General doesn’t take too well to such childish actions.”
“Are they going to ask me a bunch of questions?”
“I don’t know, but whatever they ask, just tell the truth.”
After that, Logan and I walk to the General’s office. When his secretary lets us in, we see that the Lieutenant has also arrived. Once Logan notices this, he immediately tenses up.
“Captain, Ms. Woods. Glad you could make it. Before we get started, I would like to speak with Ms. Woods and the Lieutenant alone. Captain, you may step outside for a moment.” The General says as Logan leaves without a word. “Now, Ms. Woods, please take a seat.” He says and motions toward a chair in front of his desk. “I’m guessing Logan has filled you in on why you’re here?”
I nod. “Yes, sir.”
“Good, first I would like to know if these rumors are true. Are you and Logan seeing one another?”
“No, sir.”
“I believe you, but let me just add, if you were, it’s not really any of my business. Logan’s personal life is his own and that’s that. As for you,” He says and looks to the Lieutenant, “I’m not sure why you started all these rumors but it had better stop as of right now. Logan is your commanding officer, you listen to him. I don’t have time to deal with this childishness. It’s ridiculous. Before I let you go, I think that Ms. Woods has a right to know why you would start such rumors about her.”
Jon avoids eye contact with me. “It wasn’t meant for her. Logan was her grief counselor, sir. I don’t think it was a good idea to let him bring her back to base. This is for soldiers and their families, not their crushes.” That last part just lit a fire under me. I wasn’t going to let this slide.
“General, may I?” I ask.
“Of course, say what you want.” He smiles.
“Excuse you, Lieutenant, I don’t think you have your facts straight. When I lost Nick, I didn’t have anyone to lean on. I didn’t have anything. When Logan came along, I finally had a friend. I had someone that would listen to me, listen to my problems and actually care what happened to me. Within six short weeks, I lost the man that I loved and was almost murdered twice! And if it wasn’t for Logan, I wouldn’t be here, because I would be dead. He came in a moment’s notice, not even aware of what was going on, and he didn’t even think twice about it. He did what he thought was best. It wasn’t my idea to come back with him either, it was the General’s. I wanted to move as far away from home as I could. I didn’t belong there and then when Logan started to show me the house and the base, I thought maybe I should go. If I didn’t, I wasn’t sure I would see Logan again or even talk to him, so I agreed. I don’t know you, Lieutenant, but I’ve been told that you and Nick were good friends. If that’s true, I don’t see how you can just assume things and then spread rumors about me or Logan. Like the General said, it’s childish and if that’s what you do all day, then you shouldn’t be fighting for this country.” I finish and look back to the General who is grinning ear to ear.
“Well, it seems as if Caroline has taken the words right out of my mouth. That will be all for you. You may return to your bunk, you will be informed of your punishment by tomorrow morning.” With that, he leaves the room and Logan walks in.
“Well, Logan… I must say, this young woman has quite the temper…” The General says as Logan smiles. “Oh, trust me, I know…”
“Well, I expect to hear from you first thing tomorrow morning. Have your mind made up.” He says as we leave the office.
“You certainly told him, didn’t you?” Logan asks as we walk back to the house.
“What do you mean?”
“I heard you, as a matter of fact, I think everyone in that building heard you.” 
“Well, he deserved it… Worse actually… So, you decided on his punishment?”
“Yep… I was thinking a few months in military prison or maybe discharge…”
I stop and look at him. 
“What?” He asks.
“Really? Don’t you think that’s a bit cruel?”
“Caroline, you just said he deserves worse.”
“I know, but I was mad and it was just a silly little rumor. No harm done…”
“You want me to just let him go?” He asks as I continue toward the house.
“It’s not up to me, Logan. You’re his boss, you decide.” 
“Caroline, I want to know. Would you really let him off with a warning?” He asks, standing in front of me.
I sigh loudly. “Yes, Logan, I would. I’m sorry, but I’m just not going to make a big deal out of a rumor… Nobody was harmed.”
“What if he does something else? Something worse?”
“Do what you want with him… You asked for my opinion and there you have it.” I add as we enter the house. I walk into my room and kick off my shoes. Logan stops by my door.
“I don’t know how you do it, Caroline. I honestly don’t. No matter how bad someone hurts you, you just suck it up and go on.”
“Everyone deserves a second chance, even though Nick never got his…” 

Logan’s Point of View

I say nothing more, I just go to my room and shut the door. I can’t understand why she doesn’t lash out at people. I mean, after everything that’s happened to her, she doesn’t blame anyone. She just picks herself up and goes on like nothing happened. Granted, she may yell every now and then, but she never wishes anything bad on anyone.
Nick died to save those kids, yet she never really questioned his reasoning… Louise attempted to kill her, twice, and yet she still felt remorse. I swear this woman cares more about other people than she cares about herself. I don’t understand how she does it. I don’t understand how a person that has gone through so much, can still care about other people’s feelings…
Caroline is something else, that’s for sure. Maybe, that’s the reason I love her. She’s certainly not normal, she’s unique. She makes me a better person when I’m around her, she makes me think differently and right now, all I can think about is Jon. He deserves to be punished but she doesn’t think so. Everything inside of me is saying to discharge him but then my mind wanders to what Caroline said…
Everyone does deserve a second chance and she was right. It was just a silly little rumor and if it didn’t bother her, it shouldn’t bother me. Maybe all of this authority is getting to my head. I need to be feared, but not hated…
After a few minutes to myself, I go into the kitchen and call the General, as soon as the phone starts to ring, Caroline enters the room and walks over to the fridge.
“Captain? To what do I owe this phone call?” He asks.
“I’ve made up my mind, sir.” Caroline looks at me questioningly.
“What’s your orders?” He asks.
“I’ve decided to give Lieutenant Grant a second chance. I will let him off with a warning this time,” Caroline smiles. “But you let him know that if he messes up one more time, he’s out of here. He had just better be thankful for a certain young lady that took his side…”
The General laughs, “Captain, I agree with your statement and I’ll inform him personally.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“And Logan, take tomorrow off… I think you deserve some personal time.”
I nod. “Will do, have a nice night.” I hang up the phone as Caroline stands in front of me, smirking. “What?” I ask.
“You actually listened to me.”
“I did… I didn’t want to at first, but after a few minutes, your argument made sense…”
“You’ll learn, Logan, it just takes time…” She adds and starts to walk off.
“Learn what?” She stops at her doorway and looks back at me.
“Instead of getting upset and aggravated at life, you need to learn to accept it. That’s what I had to do. Everything happens for a reason. Nick died for a reason that I’m still not aware of and I may not ever know, but what I do know is that for some odd reason I met you. We didn’t know anything about each other at Nick’s funeral but who would have guessed, less than two months later, we’d be standing here? That’s the joy of life, Logan. It’s unpredictable and if I would have listened to Louise and blamed myself for Nick’s death, what would have happened to me? Would I have locked myself in my house? Would I have become an emotionless freak? I won’t lie, there were many times that I just wanted to crawl into a hole and die, but I had to think, what would that accomplish? Would that bring Nick back? No. It would just keep me from living my life. You need to learn that, Logan. Live your life and don’t get so caught up in what other people think about you.”  



Chapter Thirteen
The next morning, I woke up around six and got ready for the day. By seven, I noticed that Logan still wasn’t up, so I went to check on him. He was still fast asleep and I wasn’t sure whether to wake him up or not. He’s usually gone to work by now…
“Logan?” I yell from the doorway. He kind of moans and turns over. “Shouldn’t you be getting ready for work?”
“No, I’ve got the day off…” He mumbles.
“Oops… My bad.” I turn around and shut the door. I’m sure he’ll probably go back to sleep anyway.
I go into the living room and log onto my laptop. Andrea should be contacting me about some houses soon, so I checked my emails and sure enough, she had messaged me late last night. I pulled the email up and read:
Good Evening, Caroline!
I have been doing a little house hunting for you today and I found three houses that fit your description. I have attached their information with this email, so take a look and let me know which one(s) grab your attention!
I Look Forward To Working with You,
Andrea
I click on the first link and see a clean, white two story house. First, I check the description. It says it has three bedrooms, two baths, a large kitchen, and two car garage. I then start to click through the pictures as Logan walks in.
“What are you doing?” He asks, sitting down beside me.
“My real estate agent sent me some houses to look at… Sorry, I woke you.”
“Its fine, I needed to get up anyway. So, is this the first house?”
“Yep, pretty nice, eh?”
He gazes on as I continue through the pictures. Once I get back to the beginning, he points to the edge of the screen. “See that?”
“What?”
“Right there,” He points again, “That’s dry rotted. Trust me, you don’t want that house.”
“Okay, let’s look at the next one…” I click on the second link and a one-story brick house appears.
“Same problem.” He says and points to the side of the front porch.
I glare at him.
“What? I’m just warning you, you don’t want to get involved with something like that, it’ll cost you a lot of money.”
“You’re ruining my enthusiasm, Logan.”
“Better ruin it now than wait and let you pay for an inspector to come out and tell you the same thing that I just did.”
I groan and click on my last option. God, I hope this one is okay…
“Whoa.” This looks perfect from the outside! It’s a gray stone, two story house. It seems to have a pretty decent yard and it says it even has a full basement. “Holy crap!” I shriek once I see the kitchen. It’s fully updated, all stainless steel appliances, white cabinets, and light blue walls. “Wait, before I get excited, is there anything wrong with this one?” I ask as Logan takes control of the mouse and takes a closer look at each picture.
“Not that I can tell.” 
“Yes! I have to call Andrea!” I grab my phone and start to call her.
“Now, Caroline, don’t get your hopes up, you haven’t even seen it in person yet.”
“I know.”
The phone begins to ring…
“This is Andrea.” She answers.
“Hey, it’s Caroline, I just got your email and I am really interested in house number three.”
“Oh, the gray stone?”
“Yes.”
“I thought you would like that one. Let me get in touch with their realtor and set up an appointment. I’ll call you back shortly.”
“Sounds good, thanks!” I hang up and look back to Logan who is just staring at me. “What?”
“I just think you’re getting your hopes up…” He adds and stands.
“Maybe I am, but is that such a bad thing? I’m excited, I can’t help it.”
“I know, I know…” He starts to walk into the kitchen and I follow.
“Logan, I know you don’t want me to move out, but I have to. I need a place of my own.”
“I know, it’s just going to take some getting used to, is all.”
“Come on, you’ve lived by yourself a long time. You’ve only been with me a little over a month.” He doesn’t say anything, he just opens the fridge and gets some milk. “Don’t give me the silent treatment,” I warn.
“I’m not, Caroline. Just because I don’t comment on everything you say, doesn’t mean I’m ignoring you.”
I roll my eyes and go back into the living room. Why does he have to be so difficult? It’s not like I’m moving yet, I’m going to look at a house that I might make an offer on. And even if I do like it, the family still has to accept me and then I have to go through God only knows how much paperwork, it could take months for me to move. I just don’t understand why he isn’t happy for me…
I start to log off my laptop as my phone rings. I check the caller ID and see that it’s Andrea.
“That was quick,” I answer.
“I know, I wasn’t expecting to get an answer so soon either. Their realtor happened to be a good friend of mine and she said that the family is moving out of state and would like to sell the house as quickly as possible. She said that if you have time, we could go check it out around nine this morning?”
“I can do that, no problem.”
“Great! I’ll text you the address, see ya then!” I hang up the phone and check the time. It was already eight, so I needed to hurry and finish getting ready.
“Are you going to see it today?” Logan asks as I walk to my room.
“Yes, I have to be there at nine.”
“Would you mind if I tagged along?”
“Can you be nice and not so judgy?” 
“I wasn’t being judgy, I just don’t want you to get your hopes up and then not be able to get the house.”
“Whatever happens, happens. Now, I’ve got to get ready, if you can be the Logan that I know and leave the ‘Captain’ here, you can come.”
I went into my closet and grabbed my shoes. I did a quick hair and makeup check, then I headed out the door. Logan was right behind me.
“Captain?” I ask.
“Nope, just Logan.”
“I’ll hold you to that,” I add as we walk to my car. “Now, you’ve never ridden in Phoenix, so I’ll give you the ground rules. Keep your shoes on the mat, don’t roll them around on my carpet, if you do, I’ll kill you. Don’t touch my windows, I don’t want to see any fingerprints, anywhere… Basically, just don’t touch anything.” He laughs as we enter the car. I fasten my seatbelt and check my phone for the address. I type it into my GPS as Logan watches me, trying not to laugh.
“What?”
“Nothing…” He looks away.
“Alright, Phoenix, let’s go,”  I say as the GPS responds, 
“Pull out onto Base Drive. Continue straight for point two miles.”
“It talks back to you, really?” He asks.
“Logan, it’s a GPS, of course, it does.” I pull out of the base’s entrance and turn right onto the highway. “Phoenix?”
“Continue straight on Woodlawn Street for six miles.”
“What possessed you to get a Mustang?” 
“Well, actually, I used to have one in high school. Then when Nick and I were engaged, I traded it in for the SUV. If Nick and I had started a family, a Mustang wouldn’t have been a good idea, so I had to let her go…”
He nods and looks out the window.
“Turn right onto East Randolph Road for two miles,” Phoenix says a few minutes later.
“Doesn’t that kind of creep you out?” Logan asks, breaking the silence.
“What?”
“The car… I mean, it talks…”
“It’s no different than a GPS on a phone.”
“Technology is just getting weird.” He mutters.
After another ten minutes of following directions, we finally pull up on a private drive off a subdivision. Sure enough, the gray stone house appears in the distance. I hadn’t even seen the inside yet and it already felt like I was going home…
“The house was built about five years ago by the family that is currently living here.” Andrea begins as we meet her in the drive. “The landscaping was professionally done about two months ago and they just had the house freshly painted,” Andrea says as we walk through each room on the main floor. Logan has inspected every little detail of this house since we arrived.
“If they built it themselves, why move out so soon?” Logan asks as we stand in the center of the kitchen. This room was one of my favorite rooms in the house. It looked exactly like the pictures.
“The wife is actually the one that is selling the house. Her husband took a corporate job out of state and she’s desperately trying to sell so she can move up there with him.”
“Is that why the price is so cheap?” He asks and she nods.
“She has really come down quite a bit from what the house was originally appraised for. She’s really desperate.” Andrea walks to a door below the main stairwell.  She opens it and another stairwell appears.
“Basement?” I ask.
“Yep, let’s see what’s down here.”
Logan and I follow her. Once the room opens up, I see that it’s completely finished and is complete with a separate storage room and half bath.
“So, what are you thinking?” Andrea asks curiously.
“I really, really like it…”
“Is it good enough to make an offer?”
I start to reply but Logan interrupts. “Can we have a moment?”
“Of course, I’ll be right upstairs.” She adds and disappears from view.
“Why’d you do that for?”
“Are you seriously going to put an offer in on the first house you see?”
“Logan, this house is perfect for me! The price is unbelievable, I would be an idiot to pass it up!”
“I know that everything sounds good and all but are you sure you’re ready for all of this? Moving is not the easiest thing in the world and you don’t have any furniture what so ever.”
“I’ve been ready for this for a long time. This house is everything I pictured in a dream house. It was meant for me to have. I know that I don’t have much to put in it right now, but hey, that’s nothing a little shopping can’t handle.”
He doesn’t say anything, he just looks around the room.
“What’s the real reason you don’t want me to buy this house? Just tell me.”
“I don’t have a real reason… I would just rather you stay with me is all.”
“Why? I really would like to know what’s going on in that head of yours. I would really like to be able to read your mind, but sadly I didn’t get that gift, so you’re going to have to tell me what you’re thinking.”
“I just hate living alone sometimes… I end up acting like a zombie. I get up, go to work, yell at people, go home, eat, sleep, and repeat. It’s boring. I mean, when you leave, who am I going to aggravate? Who am I going to tell all my stupid problems to? I guess I could talk to the walls, but they don’t exactly have as much sarcasm as you do.” I laugh and give him a solemn look.
“I’m sure we’ll still talk, we just may not be around each other quite as often. It’s not a big deal anyway, we are only like five minutes away from each other, if I get the house. Besides, you’re single and you need to mingle a bit, and no girl is going to come see you if I’m there.” I joke, but he doesn’t seem to think it’s funny. “What? Too soon?”
“Did you forget that I kind of told you I was in love with you the other day? Or did you try to forget that like you do everything else you don’t want to hear?”
Ouch.
“I don’t want to do this right now,” I mutter and start up the stairs.
“Why, Caroline? It’s not like you’ll ever give me the time of day anyway.”
I’ll admit, that kind of hurt my feelings. Why can’t he get it through that thick skull of his that I am not ready to move on? It’s not even been two months yet! I need time.
I need space.
I shook it off and found Andrea standing in the kitchen. Once she hears me enter, she turns to me. “I would like to make an offer on the house. Where do I sign?”

After I signed all the paperwork, it was time to go. Andrea would present my offer to the house’s realtor and would let me know as soon as she heard from the owner. She told me she was almost positive that they would accept since I was really the only one that should that much interest in the house. I really hope she’s right, if I do get it, I would finally own my dream house…
“Keep your phone close, I’ll be contacting you soon!” Andrea adds as I get in the car, only to find Logan already sitting in the passenger seat. I wanted to say something to him, but I honestly just couldn’t… 
I just started the car and pulled out of the driveway. 
“You put in an offer?” He asks, breaking the silence.
“Yes, I did.”
He doesn’t say anything, he just stares out the window.
I groan and suddenly everything within me explodes. I’m tired of him treating me this way! I pull over on the side of the road and turn to him.
“I can’t take it anymore, Logan! You’re driving me crazy! Why can’t you just be happy for me? I considered you a good friend! I’ve told you things that even my parents don’t know! You’ve seen the good and the bad in me and yet you still put up with me! Friends are supposed to make each other feel good about themselves and tell secrets and be there for one another! But ever since you kissed me, all you’ve made me do is feel like crap! I mean, for once in my life, I feel guilty!”
“You should.” He mutters.
“What?”
“You heard me. After everything I’ve done for you, you could at least give me a chance. Hell, I killed someone for you!”
That hurt.
“Well, I’m sorry that I didn’t die. I shouldn’t have even called you.” I add and pull away from the curb.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.”
“I don’t know what you mean anymore! You just said that I should feel guilty! I don’t understand anything about you… You aren’t the same person you used to be.”
“What does that mean?” He asks, getting a little defensive.
“At home you were caring and selfless, you wanted to help me. We actually had fun. But ever since we moved here, you don’t care… We argue all the time and you don’t even try to fix-” I stop… I shouldn’t go there…
“Fix what, Caroline?”
“Me.” I stare at the road as I begin to turn into the base. I roll my window down and show my ID as the gates swing open.
“Caroline, I’m still me and you're still you… I’m sorry that I made you feel like crap, that wasn’t what I meant… You were just frustrating me and I took all my anger out on you. I told you I didn’t want you to move out, but now I understand. I wouldn’t want to live with someone that made me feel like that either. I just wanted an answer from you was all.”
I put the car in park in our driveway. “I gave you an answer that day as well. It may not have been what you wanted to hear, but I said that I wasn’t ready. But what I did tell you was that I would let you know when I was. And I meant that.” 
He smiles, “You will?”
“Yes, trust me, you will be the first to know.”
“So, you would give me the time of day?”
“Logan, you already occupy my day, we just aren’t on that level… Yet.”
His smile grows bigger, “Yet. I like the way you said that.”
“I know.”
“Maybe you moving out is a good thing.” I look at him.
“Why is that?”
“Because, if you still lived here when we reach that level, I may not be able to contain myself.”
I shake my head, “T-M-I, dude. T-M-I. Now, get out of my car.”
He laughs and opens the door.
Contain himself? Really? 
I giggle in amusement.
That will definitely be something to look forward to…



Chapter Fourteen
Logan was pretty happy the rest of the day, he was more like himself… We ate dinner together at the cafeteria and even talked about the house. “You aren’t going to do anything with the basement?” He asks as we head back home.
“I will eventually, but first I need to focus on things people see, like the kitchen, living room, and dining room…That sort of thing.”
“What about the two extra bedrooms?”
“I might fix one of them up and make the other one into an office… I’m not sure yet.”
As we make the last turn to the house, I see a man sitting on the porch. As we get closer, I see that it’s Lieutenant Jon Grant. He rises and salutes Logan.
“Lieutenant, what can I do for you?” Logan asks carefully.
“I’m sorry to stop by on such short notice, but I wanted to thank you for letting me keep my job. I know that you really wanted to punish me for my actions and honestly, I was expecting a few months in military prison. But then, the General told me that a certain young lady talked you out of it…” He turns to me. “I don’t know you, at all really, and yet after all the things I said, you forgave me and saved my job, and for that, I owe you.”
I smile, “You don’t owe me anything. Everyone deserves a second chance.” 
“Thank you both for giving me that chance.”
He salutes Logan once more before walking away. Logan unlocks the door as we go inside. “Okay, that was unexpected.” He adds.
“Nope, not at all.” My phone starts to vibrate in my pocket as I frantically drop my things trying to retrieve it. I look at the ID, it's Andrea! “Hey, girl!”
“I just got off the phone with the owner! You’ve got the house!”
“No way!” Logan smiles at my enthusiasm.
“Yes! They accepted!”
“So, now what?”
“Well, mainly, we have to wait for the deed to get transferred, after that happens, it won’t be long until you’ll be moving in!”
“Great! How long would you guess I have to buy some furniture?”
“Well, deeds are a bit hard to estimate, but I’d say about a week. The owner is really pushing for this to get wrapped up.”
I smile. “Oh gosh, thanks, Andrea. Looks like I need to go shopping.”
“Yes, you do! Have fun!” I hang up and look back to Logan who is staring at me.
“So… You wouldn’t happen to be off tomorrow, would you?”
“Yeah, why?” He asks carefully.
“Well… I kind of need a shopping buddy…”
“Caroline, I don’t like shopping…” He whines.
“Yeah, but I need input on my decorating skills…” He groans. “Come on, Logan! I’ll tell you what… I’ll let you decorate the guest bedroom any way you like, within reason, and you can stay over whenever you want.” I’m so going to regret saying that…
“Really?” He perks up.
“Sure.”
“Anytime I want?”
“Yes, anytime.”
“Alright, deal.” He agrees.
“Good, now we should probably go to bed early… I want to hit the stores as soon as they open.”
“Oh, goody.” He mutters.
I go into my bedroom and change into my pajamas. I throw my hair up into a messy bun and check the time. It was almost nine and I really should get some sleep if I’m going to be shopping all day tomorrow… I climb into bed and turn the light off. Within a few minutes, I’m fast asleep…
“Caroline…” I hear someone say. I open my eyes and see that I’m sitting in the forest. Where in the heck am I? Why am I here?
“Caroline…” It repeats. I rise to my feet and follow the voice. Soon, I come to a clearing… Am I back home? In Kentucky… The water is flowing peacefully down the creek. The birds are chirping happily in the trees… “This way…” The bridge comes into view. Someone is standing there, back toward me… They’re in an army uniform.
“Nick?” I whisper.
They turn around. I can’t believe what I’m seeing… It’s him.
“It’s about time, Care… I’ve been trying to get your attention for days now.” I smile, it really is him. I run up on the bridge and tackle him into a hug. I can actually feel him… Touch him.
“Nice to see you again too.” He laughs.
“Why am I here? Not that I’m complaining of course…”
“You’ve had a lot on your mind as of late, right?” I nod. “I know, don’t be shy about it. I know that Logan is in love with you and I also know that you are in love with Logan.” I start to protest but he doesn’t let me. “I may be dead, but I still know you… You won’t give him a chance because of me. I’m gone, Care… I’m not coming back and you need to understand that. Logan has helped you through things that I couldn’t. He’s been there for you when I couldn’t. Logan was my best friend and honestly, if I can’t be with you, I’d rather it be him than anyone else. He’s a good person… He’s a lot like me, actually. Give him a chance, Care… You’ll be really happy if you do…”
“How do you know?”
“I just do… I died to protect those kids… But I also died so that you could meet Logan… I was never your soul mate, Care… I was filling that person’s shoes until they arrived and now… They have.”
What? Logan’s my-
“I have to go now… Do that for me, Care… Love him as much as you loved me…” He starts to fade away.
“No, no, don’t leave me! Nick!” I scream frantically.
“I love you, Care.”
And with that, he’s gone…
“Caroline?” Someone’s shaking me. My eyes flutter open to see Logan hovering over me. “What is your problem?” He asks with a worried expression on his face.
“What are you talking about?”
“You’ve been screaming for the past five minutes like someone was trying to kill you!”
“Was I saying anything?” I ask, remembering everything about my dream.
“Yeah, something about ‘don’t leave me’ and ‘Nick’ and then you just started mumbling my name.”
“Oh.”
“So? What was it? Bad dream?”
“I wouldn’t say a bad dream…”
“Did you see him again?” He asks.
“How’d you know?”
“Because you usually don’t get all worked up when you sleep and your face says it all. So, what did he say?” He asks, sitting down beside of me.
“Uh, he was just talking to me at the bridge…”
“Caroline.” He cocks an eyebrow.
“I woke up in the middle of the forest and I kept hearing someone call my name… I followed it to the bridge and it was him…”
“What did he say? It had to be something for you to be going on like that.”
“It was about you.”
“What about me?” He asks, curiously.
“He said that I should give you a chance… He said that if I was going to be with anyone, it should be you.”
Logan grins, “Really?”
I roll my eyes, “You’re so arrogant. Go to bed.” I add and flip over on my side.
“Oh, no, no, no. I want to hear more about this dream… So, Nick approves, huh?”
I shrug. “He didn’t say that directly…”
“Uh-huh. That’s what I thought… Logan is in the game!”
“It is not a game! Gez. He just told me that so I would give you a chance… He knew the only reason I wasn’t was because of him.”
“Ha! You just said it! He was the only reason! Logan is game!” He yells excitedly.
“Logan, shut up!” I laugh. “We have neighbors!”
“I don’t care! My best friend approves and that’s good enough for me! Thank you, Nick!”
I sigh loudly and look at my alarm clock. It’s 2:02AM. “Logan, go to bed, we’re still going shopping in the morning, remember?”
“Oh, I know… I need to get some rest… I have a big day to prepare for…” He winks at me and walks off.
Oh boy…
Why do I have the feeling that tomorrow is going to end up being a flirt fest?



Chapter Fifteen
“I really like that…” I add, walking up to a dining room set.
“Just get it so we can go…” Logan whines.
I knew I shouldn’t have brought him but what other choice did I have? “Stop complaining. I think I’ll take it as well.” I say to the employee that has been following me around practically all day.
“Great! So, we’ve covered almost every room in the house. Will this be your final piece?” She asks.
“Yeah, looks like that’s all I’ll need.”
Logan and I follow her to the counter. I have to fill out some paperwork on delivery dates and confirming my order and such. By the time Logan and I exited the store, it was just past lunch time.
“So where to now?” He asks. 
“Maybe we should grab some lunch.”
“Then can we stop at the car dealership?”
I turn to him. “Why would we do that?”
“You got a new ride, I need one. I used to have an SUV but once I became a grief counselor, the army paid for a rental since I traveled so much, so I sold it.”
“I guess we could swing by… What kind of car do you want?”
“Well… You got a nice sports car, so I was thinking a Camaro… I can’t let you out due me, now can I?” He smirks.
“Ha! You think a Camaro beats a Mustang? Uh, I think not.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yes, really.”
“Alright… How about we make a bet… Why don’t we ask the employee their opinion when we get there? If they agree with you, then I have to do whatever you say for an entire day. But if I win, then you have to go on a date with me tomorrow, no questions asked.”
“Oh, agreed… I’m so going to win this bet…” I add as we get into the car.
As soon as Logan sits down, his phone goes off. He unclips it from his belt and stares at the screen. I look over and read the caller ID. 
Alex.
“Logan, answer it.”
He presses on the answer icon, “What?” He clenches through his teeth.
“Logan? I know I’m not the person that you want to talk to but I just wanted to let you know that… Dad died a little while ago…” I hear him say.
“What?” Logan asks almost as if he didn’t hear what he said.
“He had a massive heart attack… He didn’t make it, Logan… Mom didn’t want me to disturb you since we didn’t leave on the best of terms, but I thought you needed to know… We are making the funeral arrangements tomorrow if you decide to come down… I’ll let you go…” Logan doesn’t say anything, he just lays the phone on the dash.
“I’m sorry, Logan…” 
I was expecting him to have a little remorse. “Don’t be. It doesn’t matter. Now, let’s go get some lunch.”
“What? Logan your father just died…”
He nods. “I know.”
“Aren’t you even the least bit upset?” I ask, looking for any sign of remorse.
“Caroline, you know that I don’t have a good relationship with them…”
“That doesn’t matter, he was still you father. I’ll call and make reservations for the next flight.”
“No. I’m not going.”
“Logan-”
“Caroline, drop it. I don’t want to go.”
“Now who’s acting like me? Huh? Who doesn’t show emotions now? Do you think that I wanted to go to Nick’s funeral? No, I didn’t. I didn’t want to go have all those people look at me and feel sorry for me… I wanted to deal with it on my own, just like you… Right now, your family isn’t expecting you to come because they think you hate them.”
“They think right.”
“No, they don’t. Because somewhere inside of you, you know I’m right. They’re still your family and you still love them even after all the things they did… Be the better man and go.”
“I will not travel half way across the country and leave you here.”
I didn’t even hesitate. “You don’t have to. I’ll go with you.”
He turns sharply toward me. “You’d really go?”
“You were there for me. Let me repay the favor.” 
He looks off into the distance. “Fine, but only for you. Not for them.”
“You’ll feel better. Trust me, if you didn’t go, you would regret it later on.”
“Highly doubt it.” He mumbles.
I should probably call Andrea and let her know that something has come up. We’ll only be gone a couple days, so it shouldn’t affect anything. Besides, right now, Logan was more important to me. I needed to take care of him before I worried about the house. It was my chance to be there for him as he was for me.
While we ate lunch, I called the airport and found out that there was a flight available at four AM the next morning. That was early but I booked it anyway. It would take about seven hours to get there, so we would be arriving just before lunch.
Logan’s family had no idea I was coming along, he said it would be easier if it were a surprise so they wouldn’t have time to nag about it. I agreed with this, the less they knew, the better. To be honest, I didn’t really like them. Granted, we had only been in the same room maybe five minutes, but still… The way they treated Logan made me sick. Just because he didn’t follow in his father’s footsteps, doesn’t mean they should practically disown him.
I knew this trip wouldn’t be easy… I mean, his family doesn’t exactly like me so I’m sure it’s going to be a bit awkward, but I didn’t care. Logan killed someone to save me, the least I can do is deal with his family for a few days. It couldn’t be that bad…
“I hate flying,” I mutter as we gather our luggage at the baggage claim.
“You wanted to come.” Logan replies, shrugging.
“I know, I just don’t like long plane rides and I’m pretty sure no one does… Who’s picking us up?”
“Alex.”
Great… We walk through the gate and soon Logan’s brother comes into view. He looks very similar to Logan, except a lot shorter and less muscular. His expression is indifferent until he sees me. “Dude! I knew it! I knew this wasn’t your idea!” He laughs.
“What are you talking about?” Logan asks as we follow him out of the airport.
“Dude, you’re my brother, I know you like the back of my hand. You wouldn’t have come unless someone talked you into it and you still wouldn’t come by yourself.” I crack a smile and glance at Logan. I have to give it to Alex, he was exactly right.
“So, how did he talk you into it?” Alex asks, looking at me with a flirty expression on his face.
“I didn’t, she talked me into coming and offered to come with.” Logan replies.
We get into Alex’s BMW and he drives to the large brick mansion a little ways out of town. I can’t believe Logan left all of this for the military. But then again, Logan isn’t up for the high-class lifestyle either.
“No offense to you, Caroline, but Logan, how are you going to explain that to Mom?” Alex asks.
“No offense taken,” I mutter.
“I don’t plan on anything. She’ll get over it.”
“I… I don’t think so. Again, no offense,” He turns and looks at me then back to Logan, “Dude, she absolutely hates her.”
“Why?” Logan and I simultaneously.  
“She thinks that she is the reason you wouldn’t come back with us. She kind of blames it on her and she said you could do so much better. I don’t think that I like you.” He says and looks back to me.
“Uh, thanks?” I add.
“Just come on, I’ll deal with her,” Logan says as we all get out of the car.
“I’ll have the butler get your things later, don’t worry about them,” Alex says as we walk up to the mansion.
A butler? Seriously?
“Just don’t say anything and let me do all the talking.” Logan whispers.
“Oh don’t worry, I won’t say a word…”
We walk into the foyer and let me tell ya, extravagant couldn’t even begin to describe this place! Everything is made of marble, from the floors to the stairwell, everything! Modern art is placed around the walls and sculptures line every hallway.
I was in complete awe, but I hid it, I didn’t want to seem too out of place. “Logan, you actually came!” His mother appears and walks out from a hallway. Once she sees me, she stops dead in her tracks.
“Mom, can I talk with you alone for a moment?” Logan asks.
“Yes, I think that would be best…” She says, giving me a cold look.
“Yeah, uh, Caroline, I’ll show you to your room…” Alex says, motioning for me to follow him.
“Our room.” Logan corrects.
“Yeah, yeah…” I follow Alex up the grand staircase as Logan and his mother disappear into another room.

Logan’s Point of View

“Why on earth would you bring that-that thing here?” She says, quickly.
“Mom, I’m not in the mood to argue with you… She’s here because I want her here and if I stay, she stays.”
“You could have at least told me she was coming.”
“I knew you would flip out, either way, whether I told you on the phone or not, so I waited until I was here.”
She continues to whine. “Why did she have to come? Just answer that.”
“Honestly, I wasn’t planning on coming. She was the one that talked me into it and I wouldn’t come unless she came too. Okay? Now, if you want me to stay, treat her with a little respect, huh? Call her by her name and not ‘thing’, please.” I start to walk off when she asks,
“Are you in love with her?”
I stop, “Yes, I am and I would appreciate it if you would treat her like a real person.” I add, without looking at her.
I take off up the stairs in search for Alex and Caroline. I’ve only been here five minutes and I’m already ready to go, but I can’t.
I have to stay for Caroline.



Chapter Sixteen
Later that day, Logan and his family made the funeral arrangements while I stayed behind at the house. I didn’t feel comfortable going with them, even though Logan really wanted me to. I would go to the funeral but the arrangements were more of a family thing. Instead, I stayed in our room and caught up on my reading.
“Caroline?” I look up from the book. Alex is standing in the doorway. “Logan said to come and get you. Some friends are downstairs that he wants you to meet.”
“Logan wants me to meet people? I find that highly unlikely.”
“Well, they want to meet you. Oh, and I would change clothes too. They’re kind of preppy…” He hints.
“Right…” I add looking down at my t-shirt and jeans. He closes the door as I scramble to my suitcase. Preppy rich people. Great. I look through the clothes I brought and find a pair of black dress pants, a black and white lace top, and some wedge heels.
Looks like that’ll have to do…
I quickly change and touch up my hair and make-up. Once I head out of the bedroom, I see Alex waiting for me by my door. “Will this work?” I ask.
“I think you’ll pass.” He laughs as we head down the main stairwell into a room full of people. “Be friendly, smile, and never look them in the eyes for a long period of time.” He mutters.
“Gee, thanks! I feel like I’m being thrown into a room full of hungry animals.”
“You’ll be alright.”
Once my presence is noticed, all eyes are on me, and as soon as my heels hit the floor, people surround me. “Hey, hey, hey! Don’t act like vultures! I know you all are just as surprised as I am.” Alex says as we walk toward Logan.
“What exactly are you surprised about?” I whisper.
He smirks. “That Logan actually came home and he brought a lady friend with him.”
“Why is that so surprising?”
“Apparently, you don’t know Logan.” 
Okay? By the time we get to Logan, a few people have gathered around him. He’s smiling and nodding, so I’m guessing that’s a good thing?
“There she is… I would like you to meet Caroline Woods.” He adds as I stand beside of him, unsure of what to say.
“Pleasure to meet you…” An older woman adds, barely acknowledging my existence. “Where exactly do you live now?” She asks, looking at Logan.
“Virginia. I live on base.”
She cocks an eyebrow. “Base? As in army base?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Oh, I just thought you would live in a house…”
“I do, it’s just on base. It’s free to soldiers and their families.”
“That’s-uh-pleasant… I think I’ll go speak with your Mother.” She wanders off and a younger man starts conversation. “So you’re the famous Caroline?” He asks, looking me up and down.
“Famous? No. Caroline? Yes.”
He smiles sheepishly and walks off without another word. I look to Logan, “Did I say something wrong?”
“No, just a tough crowd.”
Very tough crowd…
“Logan! How’s it going?” A man probably in his early twenties walks up and shakes Logan’s hand.
“Going well, Steve. How about you?”
He shrugs. “Business is slow, but you know how it is. And who might this be?” He asks, smiling at me.
I introduce myself. “Caroline Woods, nice to meet you.”
He looks back to Logan for an explanation. “She’s a very good friend of mine from back home. I’m sure you’ve heard.”
“Oh, I have… I just wasn’t sure if it was true or not. So the rumors are correct? You are still in the army?”
Logan nods. “Yeah, I’m a Captain now, stationed in Virginia.”
“When do you get out?” He asks, catching us both off guard.
Logan stumbles for words. “Uh, I don’t have a date. I was thinking about making it a career, actually.”
“Career? The military? Isn’t that kind of… Lower class?”
What? Lower class? “Okay, I don’t know who you are exactly but lower class really?” I ask, trying to maintain my temper.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I’m Steve, Logan’s childhood best friend.”
“Best friend?” I counter. “You sure don’t act like one. Just because Logan isn’t involved with corporations doesn’t mean he doesn’t have an important job.”
“I never said that it just isn’t what his family expected out of him.”
“Yeah, but you say that like it’s a bad thing. Logan is very good at what he does and if you didn’t hear him correctly, he’s a Captain! Do you know how big of a deal that is?”
“I do understand, Caroline… He just didn’t follow the right path is all.”
“The right path?” I ask as the last sliver of patience I had disappears.
“Oh boy…” Logan mutters.
“Yes, the right path. He was supposed to have followed in his father’s footsteps.”
“Why does everyone keep saying that? What are you? God or something? No one is supposed to choose someone’s path for them! It’s Logan’s decision. He is supposed to be whatever he wants to be! You and everyone else should be ashamed of how you talk and treat him. It’s disgusting!” I yell and storm off toward the stairs.
“No offense, Logan, but I think you should keep her on a leash.” He laughs and then I hear someone’s fist connect with someone’s face. I don’t dare turn around as I already know what happened.
That’s Logan for you.
That’s my Logan…

Logan and I stayed upstairs the rest of the night. I thought he would be mad at me, after all, I was the one that came up with this whole idea, but he wasn’t. He said that he was actually happy that he came. He had been wondering what Steve was up to these days and he wasn’t that shocked to find out that he was a total jerk. I asked him if he was like that growing up and he said no, but I guess when you get old enough to realize your family’s rich, it goes to your head.
After about an hour of being alone, Alex came upstairs and told us that the guests had cleared out and their mom wasn’t happy about what Logan had done. But of course, Logan didn’t care and we continued goofing off in our room the rest of the night. 
I think that was the best part of the day, actually. After Alex left, Logan loosened up a little and became the Logan that I once knew. We played card games, and watched stupid game shows, in which resulted in us both yelling at the TV, but it was actually fun… 
I, of course, could not help but make him watch chick flicks with me. Movies such as Dear John and The Notebook always made me cry, but somehow they always made Logan cringe. I, for one, thought it was hilarious. By the time midnight came around, the credits began to roll and Logan and I both were fast asleep.
The next morning came way too fast and it was time for the funeral. This was the day that I had dreaded the most. After what happened yesterday, I wasn’t sure of what to expect. I was becoming more anxious by the minute and Logan took notice. “What is wrong with you? I can hear your heartbeat from over here.” He says, looking at me from across the limo.
“Nothing, I’m fine…”
He didn’t buy it. “No, either you’re having an anxiety attack or you’re having a heart attack. Neither of those are good, so which is it?”
“Anxiety.”
“And what are you nervous about?”
“Do you think we’ll be shunned?” I ask and he just laughs.
“Shunned? No. If anything we’ll be the life of the party.”
“Party? Logan, it’s a funeral.”
He nods. “I know what it is but after yesterday, trust me, everybody is going to want to know what happened and who said what. Don’t worry about it.”
He made me feel a little better, but a part of me still didn’t want to go… 
Once we pulled up to the gigantic funeral home, each family member slowly exited the limo. Logan and I were the last to enter the building and as soon as we did, all eyes were on us. I remembered what Alex said to me, “Never look them in the eyes for a long period of time.” Except I tweaked the rule and made it, “Never look them in the eyes period.” 
Logan and his family went up to the casket and shook everyone’s hand as they went by. I found a nice seat in the back corner, where I was safely out of people’s way, but could still see Logan clearly.
It seemed like I sat there for hours until finally, someone sat down beside of me. Hoping it was Logan, I turned around but was quickly disappointed to see Steve.
“What do you want?” I ask coldly.
“I wanted to apologize for what I said yesterday. You were right, Logan should be able to choose what he wants to do with his life and if he’s happy with living middle class, then so be it.”
“Oh, so now we’re middle class. Joy.” I add sarcastically.
“Why are you with him?” He asks, quickly.
“Excuse me?”
“I can tell, you love him. But why? Why not find someone rich? Someone powerful? Someone like me.”
I could not believe what I was hearing. “You? Ha! I’d rather die!”
“Alright then answer my question. Why him? He has nothing.”
“Logan is a real man. He may not be rich and own all these megacorporation’s, but he’s been there for me when no one else could. I don’t even know you, but I can tell that you are just a rich, preppy, little boy who thinks he can buy everything and anything he wants. You don’t know what love is and that’s one thing you can’t buy.” I start to stand up, but he grabs my arm. “I would advise you to let go. I know Logan very well and I know for a fact that he’s going to look over here in about thirty seconds and if you still have a hold of me when he does, you’ll be begging for my mercy.”
“Your mercy?” He chuckles.
“Logan has a very bad temper… Now, I suggest you let go now, the clock is ticking, and I’m the only person in this room that can keep him from killing you. And right now, I don’t feel like saving anyone’s life…” I smirk.
“Is that a threat?”
“It’s a promise.” He reluctantly let's go.
“Is there a problem?” Right on time. I turn around and see Logan staring at Steve.
“Everything is fine, I was actually getting ready to do a coffee run… Would you like some?” I ask as he finally looks at me.
“You know I don’t drink coffee.”
“You do when you’re nervous.”
He thinks a moment. “No cream. Just black.”
“Be right back.” I walk off, smiling ear to ear.
It kind of pays to have Logan be slightly overprotective. It certainly gets me out of some sticky situations…

After the funeral was over, some people came over to the house and dropped off food. They didn’t really stick around long and as soon as they left, Logan and I began packing our things. Our flight would be leaving in a few hours and by tomorrow morning, we’d be back home. 
Once we finished, we headed downstairs and saw Alex and his mother talking quietly by the door. “Where are you going?” Alex asks.
“Home. Our flight will be leaving shortly.” Logan replies.
“Why so soon, dear?” For the first time, this entire trip, I saw sadness in her eyes.
“Honestly, mom, I don’t want to stay here any longer than I have too.”
“I was hoping you would stay until at least tomorrow. I had a business proposition for you.” 
“Mom, I told you I don’t want anything to do with-”
She interrupts him. “Just listen… You would be the CEO. You would be making more than a million dollars a year. I even picked out a nice house for you and Caroline. You could have whatever you want!”
“As good as that sounds, I just can’t. It’s not me.”
“Then what are you?” She asks.
“Home is in Virginia. Home is base camp and having a career in what I love doing. I’m a Captain, mom, not a businessman. Why can’t you understand that?”
She sighs. “I thought I would try one last time… I realize I haven’t been a very good mother, I’ve been so busy with your father, I never gave you boys enough attention. And I’m sorry that you didn’t want to come home. I know that was because of me and I hope one day, you’ll come back and visit.” She says and hugs Logan. 
She then turns to me. “I haven’t exactly been nice to you as of late, and I’m sorry for that… I hope that maybe one day, we can get to know each other better, as I’m sure you’ll be in my son’s life for a very long time… Thank you for bringing my son home, Caroline. Forgive me?” She asks and engulfs me into a hug.
That was very uncalled for…
“Apology accepted.” She pulls away and smiles at us. 
“Have a safe trip.”
“I hope to see you guys soon,” Alex says as Logan and I exit the house, put our luggage in the trunk, and get in the taxi.
“What has gotten into your mother?” I ask as we pull out of the long driveway.
He shrugs. “I have no idea… But I do like her better this way.”
“So do I.”
It's quiet a moment before he continues. “Ya know, I haven’t forgotten about our little bet.” He says, smirking.
“Actually, I was thinking about that earlier… No matter what the car dealer says, I’ll still go on a date with you.”
“Really?” He asks curiously.
“Really. You’ve done a lot for me these past few weeks, and the least I could do is go on a little date with you.”
He looks at me questioningly then feels of my head, “Are you sick?”
“No.” I swat his hand away. “I’m serious.”
“Anywhere I want to take you?”
“I’ll follow you anywhere.”
“Even if we go swimming with sharks?” He asks, smiling.
I cringe a bit. “As long as you’re with me and I never have to let go of you, then sure, why not?”
“Well aren’t you the sweetest thing.” He leans in and kisses me. It wasn’t like the last time, I knew it was coming, but it still gave me butterflies.
I smile as he pulls away. “What’s so funny?”
“You didn’t let me finish.”
“What were you going to say?”
“Well, if a shark comes after us, it’ll probably want to eat me, since I’m the gorgeous one-”
“Ain’t no denying that… Drop-dead gorgeous.”
I blush at his compliment, “Anyway, if I go down, you’re going with me!”
“I have no problem with that. But we aren’t going swimming with the sharks.” He laughs.
“Then where are we going?” 
He shakes his head. “I can’t tell you.”
“Well, when do I get to find out?”
“Tomorrow night.”
“Is that the date?”
He nods. “Uh-huh. You’ll just have to wait until then…”
I sigh, “I guess that’s not too bad.”
“It’ll be worth the wait, promise.”
The taxi stops in front of the airport. Logan gets our things and then we go through security and all that wonderful stuff. By the time we got on the plane, we were about ten minutes from takeoff.
I wish I could just magically make time fast forward. I’m really looking forward to our date. I haven’t looked forward to anything since… Since what was supposed to be Nick and I’s wedding…



Chapter Seventeen
Once we arrived home, we both took a well-deserved nap! However, I didn’t sleep quite as soundly as Logan did. I was mentally and physically exhausted, but I couldn’t get my mind to rest. It kept replaying everything that had happened over the past few days. Not only that, but I was also excited about our date. I tried to think of where we were going… What we were doing…
Movies? No… Too high school.
Coffee? Nah, too simple…
Maybe dinner at some fancy restaurant? Eh, highly doubt it…
Everything I came up with didn’t seem quite right. Logan would want to impress me, but how? What could he possibly do that would impress me? I didn’t even know the answer to that, so how could he?
“Where are you going?” Logan asks as I start to walk down the hallway.
“I’m going to get my phone so I can tell Andrea I’m back…”
“Oh, I’ll get it for ya… Stay right there.”
“Why?”
“I’m getting stuff ready for the date and you don’t get to see it yet.”
I contemplate on whether or not I want to play fair. “Alright… Fine. But hurry.”
“Where is it?”
“Living room, on the couch… I think.”
Within in a minute, he comes back and hands me my phone. “Now, run along.”
“And when am I supposed to come out?”
“When I tell you to.”
I don’t argue, I just go back to my room, shut the door, and call Andrea. “Hey, girl! You’re just the person I wanted to talk to! Are you back from your trip?” 
“Yeah, I got back early this morning.”
“Wonderful! I was going to let you know that I talked with the owner and she is really pushing for that title transfer! It should be done within the next few days!”
I was shocked. “That soon?”
“Yep, I’d say you’ll be moving in within three to five days!”
“Wow, that’s like way faster than I ever expected. But I’m so excited! So, I’ll be hearing from you again soon?”
“Very soon. Have a nice day, Caroline.” I hang up and toss the phone onto my bed. I go over to my door and crack it open.
“Logan! What am I supposed to wear?” I yell.
“I don’t care!” He replies.
“I’m not asking for your opinion, I mean should I dress casual, dressy or-”
“Casual. Casual is fine.”
I shut the door and go into my closet. Casual… I pick out a blue cotton top, capris, and some flip flops. I guess this is good enough.
“Come on,” Logan says, opening my door.
“Time to go?”
“Yes.” He smirks.
“Now will you tell me?”
He shakes his head. “Nope. You’ll see when we get there.”
“Well, I’m assuming we have to drive wherever we’re going, therefore, we’ll be taking my car. So, I’m going to need to know where I’m going.” 
He pulls my keys out of his pocket. “That’s not a problem since I’m driving.”
“Oh, I think not,” I add and try to steal the keys from him but fail miserably.
“As I do recall,  you said you trusted me, so I’m pretty sure you can trust me with your car.”
“Yeah, but-”
“Oh, Caroline, just come on.” He adds as we walk out of the house and get into the car. I’m definitely not happy about letting him drive, but it’s a special occasion, so I’m just going to have to suck it up and deal with it.
Logan pulls out of the base and gets on the interstate.
“Our date isn’t in town?” I ask curiously.
He shakes his head. “Not exactly, but it’s not far.”
“Can I guess?”
He laughs. “Even if you’re right, I still won’t tell you.” 
“Why? We’re on our way, so what does it matter?”
“Exactly, so you can wait a few more minutes.”
I give up. “I swear, you’re like talking to a wall!”
“I could say the same about you.” He smiles.
I roll my eyes. He’s so stubborn…
After about twenty minutes, he turns off at the Newport exit. “The beach? Our date is at the beach?” I ask.
“Yep.”
“Why couldn’t I think of that?” I mutter.
“Because you were thinking I would take you somewhere fancy, but really, I did the exact opposite. We’ve lived here a few weeks now and yet, we’ve never been to the beach. Now’s our chance.”
Aw. I always told him I wanted to visit the beach one day. I had never been and it was definitely on my bucket list. Now, it’s going to be where Logan and I have our first date and I’m sure it’ll be something I’ll remember forever…
“Wow,” I mutter as Logan and I walk up on the pier. The ocean is fairly calm right now, with only a gentle tide hitting the shore every few minutes. The water is the lightest of blue, reminding me of the creek behind my old house.
“You’ve really never been to the beach?” Logan asks.
“Nope, but I’m guessing you have?”
“Oh yeah. I’ve been a lot of places in the time I’ve been in the army. Actually, I used to live on the beach.”
“Really?”
He nods, “Julie bought a beach house right before we were married. She didn’t want to move after all the work she had put into it, so I moved in with her. We lived there until she passed away.”
I swear I learn something knew about Logan every day. “What happened to the house then?”
“I still own it. I go down there for vacation sometimes. Maybe I’ll take you one day.”
“I’ll hold you to that.”
“I wouldn’t have it any other way… Now, could you just stay right here for a minute? I forgot something in the car.”
“Sure.”
“Don’t move…” He smiles and walks away.
I take in the ocean breeze while he’s gone, but all I can really think about is Julie. I would have loved to have seen them together. I’m sure Logan was very loving and I hate that he had to lose her.
“Surprise!” I turn around and see Logan standing behind me with a picnic basket.
I chuckle. “Picnic on the beach… Very romantic.”
“Uh-uh. Picnic on the beach while watching the sunset, now that’s romantic. Two points for Logan.”
I shake my head. “You’re such a weirdo.”
“Yes, but I’m your weirdo.”
“Oh really?”
“Of course, if anybody else would have screamed at me, ran away, and then caused me to go on a manhunt for them, I’d probably kill ‘em.”
“Well, aren’t I special?” 
“You have no idea.” He mutters.
“So, what do you got there?” I ask, pointing to the basket.
“Funny you should ask…” He pauses and pulls out some containers. “I thought I could bring a little piece of home to the beach. So, I made all your Kentucky favorites.”
“You made it?” I had no idea he could cook.
“Yes, I think you may be surprised to find out, I actually can cook… I’ve got fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans, and devil’s food cake.”
“You know, now I’m going to expect you to cook every day.”
“Eh, I wouldn’t mind. You’re lucky, you know? Only three people know that I can cook and two of them are already gone.”
“Who would that be?”
“Julie, Nick, and you.” We both spread out the blanket on the pier and sit down to eat our dinner. I have to give it to him, he can definitely cook!
The rest of the date went by kind of quick, we just talked and watched the sunset. It was simple but I liked it. I was kind of sad to see it end, but I was really looking forward to going to bed. I hadn’t been feeling very well today, probably due to lack of sleep. But by the time the sun disappeared, I had a major headache and I was a little chilly.
It didn’t take long for Logan to notice and as soon as he did, we were back in the car. I had my seat laid back and he had the heat on. “Are you getting sick?” He asks, putting the car in drive.
“Me? Sick? No.”
“Are you sure? You’re awfully pale.”
“I’m fine.”
“Okay… So, do I get a second date?” I open my eyes and glance at him. He’s crossing his fingers and biting his lip. 
I chuckle, “Yes, Logan. I would love to go on another date with you.”
“Yes!” He mutters but quickly regains his composure. 
I roll my eyes and drift off to sleep just as Logan pulls onto the interstate... 



Chapter Eighteen
I feel as if my head is going to explode.
I’m constantly freezing and I can’t seem to get warm. I’ve been doing this since we came home last night. Logan was a little worried but I kind of blew it off and told him to go on to bed. I tossed and turned the rest of the night but finally dozed off early in the morning…
I felt a warm hand across my forehead. My eyes quickly flutter open to see Logan.
“Good God, Caroline. You’re burning up!”
I ignore his comment and look at my alarm clock. “Shouldn’t you be going to work? You’re gonna be late.”
“I was getting ready but I think I’ll call in, looks like I need to take you to the Doctor.”
I shake my head. “No, you don’t. I’m fine, it’s probably just a virus or something.”
“I don’t think so.” He disagrees.
“I’m fine, Logan, just go on to work. You’ve already been off a few days anyway.”
“If I go, then who’s going to take care of you?”
“I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself. Besides, I’m probably just going to sleep all day, so you staying here wouldn’t do much good. Now, go on before you’re late.”
“Are you sure? I don’t feel good about leaving you here by yourself…”
“I have my phone, I’ll call if I need something, alright?” I try to reassure him.
“Fine, but I’ll be back at lunch.” He leaves the room and I wonder if he’s right… Is it more than a virus? Nah, it can’t be. I never get sick…
A few minutes later, Logan comes back in his uniform. “I’m leaving, so call if you need anything.” He leans over to kiss me but I push him away.
“Uh-uh! I have a fever, which means I’m contagious. I wouldn’t want you to get it.”
“I personally don’t care.” He adds and kisses my forehead. “See you at lunch.”
He disappears as I lay there and stare at the ceiling. I absolutely hated being sick! Not only do I feel horrible, but I get to enjoy my day by staying in bed. I can’t stand doing nothing all day, I need to move around and be productive…
For the next couple hours, I dozed in and out of sleep. I was so cold, I would get up and steal blankets from the closet and when that didn’t work, I stole Logan’s comforter. I knew my temperature was rising, I could feel it. So I took some over the counter meds, hoping that would make it come down. But as soon as I took the medication, my nose became stuffy and I was coughing a little. That’s when I realized I really was getting sick but I was dead set on not going to the Doctor. By the time lunch rolled around, I was cuddled up in bed with at least five different blankets. I was still freezing yet I was starting to sweat.
I took some more meds and tried to go back to sleep. I was almost out when I felt those warm hands touch my forehead. My eyes slowly open to see Logan, again. “Caroline, you’re burning up, either you’re going to the Doctor or I’m bringing the Doctor to you.”
“I really, really don’t want to move…”
He sighs, gets out his phone, and leaves the room again. Within a few minutes, he comes back. He’s changed into some athletic shorts and a muscle shirt. “The General is calling the Doc on base. He’ll be over shortly.” He says and quickly gets under the covers next to me.
“And just what do you think you’re doing?” I ask, without making eye contact.
“Body heat will warm you up a lot faster than all these blankets, speaking of which, how many do you have?”
“I don’t know, five maybe? You do know you’re gonna burn up under here?”
“I think I’ll live.” He mutters as I cuddle closer to him.
“When can we go to the beach house?” I ask out of the blue.
“Where did that come from?”
“I don’t know. I’ve just been thinking about it.”
“Whenever we get you settled into your new house, I guess. What did Andrea say when you talked to her yesterday?”
“She said the title transfer was almost complete and I should be able to move in within three to five days.”
“That’s quick…” He mutters.
“Yeah…”
We laid there in silence for twenty minutes or so. I was quite comfortable with Logan now and lying with him wasn’t as awkward as it was the first time.
The doorbell interrupted my thoughts. “I’ll get it.” Logan mutters, quickly getting out of bed and leaving the room. I immediately miss his warmth but I knew he was eventually going to have to get up.
“Ah, so how are we feeling today, Ms. Woods?” The Doc asks coming into the room. He’s an older, stalky man, probably around fifty or so.
“Not very well,” I answer.
“The General informed me that you have been running a very high temperature and have had the chills, anything else?”
“Sneezing, coughing, runny nose…”
“Well, let me check your temperature. I think I have an idea of what you’ve got…” He sticks a thermometer in my mouth and within thirty seconds or so, it beeps, and he pulls it out.
“A hundred and one point seven… Wow…” He mutters.
“So, what’s she got?” Logan asks.
“Looks like a bad case of the flu, which was what I figured since it’s going around right now… I brought some antibiotics for you, they’ll also help with the fever. You’ll need to take one twice a day for ten days. You should start seeing an improvement by tomorrow.”
He gives me the meds and Logan escorts him out. I wasn’t happy about having the flu, but at least I would feel better tomorrow. “Told you it was more than a virus,” Logan says from the doorway.
I roll my eyes. “Yeah, yeah.”
He laughs and walks over to me. “I’ll leave it up to you this time… Either I can go back to work or I can stay here and keep you warm until your fever breaks.”
I don’t hesitate. “I like the second option.”
“Well, I can’t argue with that.” He gets back in bed as I scoot closer to him.
“Maybe you should get sick more often.” He laughs.
“Ha-ha, very funny.”
“Just saying, you usually won’t let me anywhere near you.”
“Yeah, well, since we went on a date and what not, I guess I’m feeling generous.”
“Speaking of that, you agreed on going on another date… So would that mean we’re in a relationship?”
“I don’t know, does it?” I ask.
“I’m asking you, you already know I’m game.”
I stay quiet a moment, letting the tension rise. “Yes, Logan, I suppose we are.”



Chapter Nineteen
A few days later, I was feeling much, much better and I was no longer running a fever. I had gotten a call from Andrea the day before, saying that the title went through and I was to meet her and the previous owner at the bank this morning, to officially sign all the documents.
After signing my name about a hundred times, I was finally handed the keys. My excitement was indescribable! I had been waiting for this moment for what seemed like forever! I had called the furniture store earlier and they were going to deliver all my things around 1PM. So, Logan and I still had some time to kill before I could really do anything with the house.
“What do you want to do?” Logan asks as we sit down in my car.
“I don’t know… Wait, we could go find you a car? I mean, how are you going to visit me if you have nothing to drive?” I smirk.
“Well, then let’s go.” I put the car in drive and head down the street to the dealership.
“Is the bet still on?” I ask.
“What bet?”
“You know, we have to ask one of the employees if they think a Camaro beats a Mustang. But now, we’re going to have to change the stakes since I’ve already been on a date with you.”
“True, alright, how about if you win, then I have to do whatever you say for an entire day, but if I win, then you have to do whatever I say for an entire day.”
“Deal.” I agree as I pull into the car lot. I stop as soon as I see a red Camaro. 
“Now that’s what I’m talking about,” Logan says as we exit the car.
He walks around the Camaro a minute before an employee comes over. They talk about mileage and all that jazz and then Logan takes it for a test drive. When he comes back, he’s smiling ear to ear. He loves it.
“I’ll take it.” Logan quickly agrees.
“I have a quick question for you,” I look to his name tag, “David.”
“Of course.” He smiles.
“So, I would really like your personal opinion here. You see that Mustang over there?” I ask, pointing across the lot.
He nods. “Yeah.”
“That’s my car. Now, do you think a Camaro beats a Mustang? I mean come on, look at that beauty.”
He shakes his head. “No way, Mustang stomps Camaro any day.” He adds as Logan sighs in defeat.
“Yes! I win!” 
“Let’s go sign those papers…” Logan adds as he and David disappear into the office.
I continue laughing as I walk over to Phoenix.
“We won the bet!” I squeal and get into the car. I pull over to the Camaro and wait for Logan. About a half an hour later, he walks out of the office, keys in hand. I roll down my window and smile as he starts to get into his car.
“So, what’s his name?” I ask.
“Caroline, I’m not a weirdo like you. I’m not naming my car.”
“Whatever you say…” I add and look over my shoulder. No traffic in site… “Race you to my house!” I add and stomp on the gas as I skid onto the highway. I watch in my rearview mirror as he tries to catch up but I’m long gone. 
I pull into my garage and wait for Logan. “That was so not fair, you got a head start!” He whines.
“Aw, poor baby. Now, since I won the bet, do you want to pay up today or tomorrow?”
He rolls his eyes. “I might as well get it over with,” 
I smirk as he shakes his head. “Here, go unlock the front door for the furniture guys,” I add and throw him the keys.
“As you wish, Princess.” He laughs and walks out of the garage.
“Don’t call me that.”
“Why?”
“It sounds too girly for me.”
“Well, I like it. It suits you.” 
“How so?” I ask, catching up to him.
“I don’t know… But you are my Princess.”
I smile. “That’s cute but I sound like a little girl.”
“Well, I would call you a Queen but you aren’t married yet.”
“Yet?” I ask, curiously.
“You heard me.” He says and unlocks the door just as the furniture truck pulls up.
“Right on time.” He smiles and walks away from me.
Was that some kind of hint or something? Nah, we’ve only been officially dating a few days…
Several guys exit the truck as the back hatch rises, revealing all the furniture I had purchased. Did I really get all of that? Gez… This is going to be a long day…

And a long day it was. “Thanks, guys!” I yell and shut the front door. I turn around and take a look at my newly furnished house. I have to say, I did a pretty good job decorating. Everything matches and it just feels like home.
I open the glass sliding doors and walk out onto the deck, overlooking acres and acres of Virginian scenery. It may be dark, but it’s still just as beautiful as it is in the daytime. This is my life now… I can picture myself getting up early, getting my morning coffee, and just sitting out here, watching the sun come up.
“What are you doing?” Logan asks, coming up behind me.
“Nothing… Shouldn’t you be getting home, it’s late.”
“Trying to get rid of me already?” He laughs.
“No, it’s just that you have work tomorrow and I wouldn’t want you to oversleep because I’m not there.”
“Caroline, I can get myself up for work, I’ve done that for many years now.”
“I know…” I add and follow him back into the house and into the garage. I turn on the light so he can see where he’s going. He stands beside me for a minute.
“Is it just me or does this seem a little more uncomfortable than we thought?” He asks.
“What?”
“Well, I’m leaving and you’re staying… I’m going home to an empty house and you’re living in one.” He was right, it would be weird for a little while.
“Logan, it’s going to feel odd at first but that’s kind of because we’ve spent every waking moment together for the past like four months.”
He nods. “Yeah, but-I don’t know… Weird feeling, I guess…” He shrugs. “I’ll see you tomorrow after work.” He gives me what was supposed to be a quick goodbye kiss, but it quickly escalates as he deepens the kiss.
I enjoy it for a minute then pull away. “Go home,” I add.
He laughs, “I just thought I’d make it a little harder for you.” He smiles and walks over to his car.
“Oh, by the way, since you were being so stubborn this morning, I named your car for you,” I add.
He groans. “Caroline, I told you, I don’t-”
I cut him off, “His name is Crimson.”
He pauses. “Crimson?”
“Yes, don’t you like it? I thought that Crimson and Phoenix go well together.”
He rolls his eyes. “I guess I can deal with it.”
“Good.” I push the button on the wall next to me, as the garage door opens. “Night, Logan.”
“Night, Princess.” I frown at the nickname as he smirks and pulls out of the garage. He looks back once more just as the door closes. Why on earth was that so hard? The base is only five minutes away, it’s not that big of a deal, but I can’t help but feel empty…
I make sure all the doors are locked before going to bed. I change into my PJ’s and put my phone on charge on the nightstand. I get comfortable and try to go to sleep but I just can’t. I either think about Logan or I hear random noises. 
Oh, good gracious, Caroline, you’re just paranoid.
This is my very first night alone since we moved here. It’s kind of an eerie feeling…
When Nick died, I felt lonely and I just needed someone to be there for me, now I really am alone and I’ll be honest, I’m not exactly liking it… I always had Logan nearby, I always had someone to protect me. 
Now, I’m living alone, in this huge house, with no Logan…
I wonder what he’s doing…

Logan’s Point of View

I unlock the door and kick my shoes off. I look around the room, expecting to see Caroline, but then reality sets in. She’s not here, she’s at home…
I can be the first one to tell you, you never truly miss someone until they're gone. Even if they’re only a few blocks away, they still aren’t with you and that my friend, is probably the worst feeling I’ve felt since Julie died. 
I head to my room but stop by Caroline’s doorway. The bed is made, everything is neat and tidy, but all of her things are gone, it doesn’t even smell like her anymore… I turn away and go into my room.
Before I head off to bed, I send her a quick text.
Home. Thinking of you. Night, sweet Caroline.



Epilogue

The past few months have flown by! I have finally gotten my house the way I want it. I did a little yard work, tweaked a few things, and finished decorating. It looks more like me and there’s a lot less empty wall. I’ve put up some family photos and some landscapes, overall the décor looks very rustic, kind of like back home.
As for Logan and I, we’re doing very well. I feel like I can be myself around him, I don’t get nervous or feel as if I should watch what I say. I can just be… Me. Honestly, I don’t just think of Logan as my lover. I think of him as my best friend. We’ve been with each other through a lot and even now, I can say that maybe Nick was right…
Maybe I was never meant to marry him. As he said, maybe he was just filling the shoes of my soul mate until they came along. Ever since Nick passed away, I always wondered why I had to go through such a tragedy so young. Now, I know that if that didn’t happen, I wouldn’t have met Logan and that would have truly been a tragedy in itself. 
“Caroline, you’ll never guess who’s coming to visit in a few weeks!” Logan says, walking into the living room from the basement stairwell.
“Who?”
“My mom and Alex are flying in for their vacation.”
“Is that who called you?” I ask.
He shakes his head. “Actually, that was the General, but then mom beeped in. She said she’s very excited to see your new house.”
“How long will they be staying?”
“A week, I think, why?”
“Why don’t they stay here with me? There’s plenty of room.”
“I was just going to have them stay with me at the base, but if you really want to put up with them…”
I shrug. “I don’t mind. It’ll give me some company while you’re at work.”
“Hey, I offered to buy you a dog.” Logan laughs.
“I don’t want a dog, Logan, I like to socialize with people every now and then, you know?”
“I’m just joking, I’ll run it by them tomorrow and see what they think… So, you know how I said the General called…” He smirks wrapping his arms around me.
“Yeah?”
“Well… He was confirming my vacation for the next week…”
“You’re on vacation?” I ask, excitedly.
“Starting tomorrow, I will be… Do you remember a certain promise that I made to you a few months ago? If I do recall,” He smiles, evilly. “It had something to do with a certain beach house…”
My eyes go wide as I yell, “We’re going to the beach house?!?!”
He nods as I can barely contain my excitement. “Tomorrow? We’re going tomorrow?”
He chuckles, “Yes, Caroline, we leave in the morning.”
“Seriously? You’re not joking around with me? We really are going?”
“Yes! Tomorrow morning, I promise.”
“How long are we staying?”
“However long you want, I just have to be back by next Sunday.”
“It’s almost dark… I’ve got to pack!”
“You go do that, but be prepared… I have a very special date planned for tomorrow night.”
I smirk. “Oh, really?”
“Uh-huh… I do hope you enjoy it… I’ll be here early, I’ll call before I leave, be ready. Night, Princess.”
As soon as he was out the door, I began packing. I was in a complete frenzy but I was pretty certain that I had everything I needed. The next morning, Logan picked me up early and we set off for a little vacation. The trip wasn’t as long as I expected. I didn’t think it would be as close as it was. I thought it was a few states over, but no, it was only about an hour drive from base. It sat on the border of Virginia and North Carolina. I couldn’t believe that Logan had never even mentioned this place until recently. If I had a beach house, I’d probably never leave.
Soon, the beach house comes into view. It’s even more beautiful than I expected! It sits alone in between a few small trees. It looks to be two stories, but by the looks of the small window on the second floor, it’s probably just a loft. White siding lines the outside of the house along with navy blue shutters and a matching door. It also seems to have a wraparound porch.
“And why don’t you live here?” I ask curiously as Logan parks the car in the gravel driveway.
He chuckles, “Well, base is an hour away, so it makes more sense to live there. Besides, I’ve been a grief counselor for a while. I didn’t really have a specific place to call home.”
We get our luggage and walk up onto the porch. Logan fumbles with his keys a moment before finally unlocking the door. It’s a bit stuffy inside but then again, it has been locked up for quite some time. “Take a look around, I’ll take our stuff to our room,” Logan mutters before disappearing down the hallway.
I walk around the living room, taking in my surroundings. The room is painted the palest of blue, the furniture is mostly white with hints of blue in certain fabrics. On the wall, I see a line of framed pictures. I walk over to them, examining each one. 
The first is of a young woman, probably around the age of eighteen in a graduation gown. She has short brown hair and green eyes. It must be Julie. The next one is of her and Logan on their wedding day. Julie is wearing a simple, short white dress and Logan’s in a tux. It’s funny, the background looks just like this house…
“Julie and I actually got married right outside. She wanted something small and she loved this place so much, she decided it was the perfect setting for a wedding.” Logan adds from behind me.
“She’s very pretty… So, why aren’t you in the graduation picture?” I ask, pointing to the photo beside of me.
He smiles, “We did have a picture taken together but it was kind of blurry so she put up this one instead. I always hated looking at myself in pictures so most of them are just of her… So, want to go for a walk?”
“Sure.” We head out the back door as the ocean comes into view. The sun is positioned directly on the horizon as the waves crash quietly against the sand. Logan and I walk down the beach hand in hand.
“So, didn’t you promise me a date?” I ask.
“Well, this is kind of it.”
“Kind of?” 
“Well, yeah… You see I have to ask you a question before we can actually have the other part of the date.”
“Oh, well, what’s the question?” 
He stays quiet a moment almost as if he’s lost in thought. “Okay, I want you to turn around and close your eyes.” He instructs.
“What?”
“Just do it.” Okay? I turn toward the sun and shut my eyes. “Don’t turn around until I tell you, alright?”
“Okay…” I hear him shuffling around sand behind me. “Are you going to scare me or something?” I ask nervously.
“No, just keep your eyes closed.” I wait another minute before he finally gives me the okay. “Alright, turn around.” He adds nervously as I do as he says. “Caroline Woods, I have loved you since the first day I met you. You and I have been through a lot together but even in those bad situations, we made the best of it and no matter what is to come, I hope that you will always be by my side. I never thought I’d be doing this again after I lost Julie but you’ve certainly changed my mind and I couldn’t imagine what life would be like without you… Caroline, will you marry me?” He’s down on one knee, holding a ring, beside of a message written in the sand with the words ‘Please say yes.’
I start to become a little emotional, I had no idea he was going to do this. But what a wonderful surprise! “Hello? There’s a really nervous guy here that’s kind of holding his breath for an answer.” Logan adds, making me snap out of my daydream.
I chuckle, “Yes, Logan. I would love to be your wife.”

Caroline Cook… I think it has a certain ring to it, don’t you think? I can’t believe I’m getting married, again, but for real this time. Looks like I’ll have to dig out all my wedding planning books…
I would love to know what Nick would say right now. I know he would be happy because I’m happy. I just wish that his life didn’t have to be taken for all this to happen, but all things happen for a reason.
Isn’t it funny that the thing that hurt me the most, made me stronger and also brought my soul mate into my life? 
You know, society has given kids the wrong idea about true love. You don’t always find it, sometimes, it finds you.



###

Thank you so much for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to
leave me a review at your favorite retailer? The sequel, You’re Still the One, is now available!

Thanks!
Cheyenne Barnett
Acknowledgements
To my loving family, thank you for supporting me on what seemed like a never-ending journey. To momma and daddy, for allowing me to be myself and encouraging me to do what I love best. To granny and papaw, for raising me to be a strong willed woman.
To Heather, for answering the phone and listening to me babble on and on about each chapter. For being there when I needed her and supporting me in my odd dream.
To all my wonderful fans on Wattpad, for giving me the chance to tell Logan and Caroline’s story and always encouraging me to continue.
And lastly to you, the reader, you are the reason I’m here, today and tomorrow. Without you, there would be no Cheyenne Barnett, the author. I cannot thank you enough!


About the Author


Cheyenne began writing at an early age. When she was just 11 years old, she began posting fanfictions online, but it wasn't until she was 17, that she finally ventured out and started her very first fiction novel called, What Hurts The Most. She published the army romance novel on Wattpad and it became an instant hit with army wives everywhere. Now, 19, Cheyenne has begun her six-year journey through college, in hopes of becoming a Nurse Practitioner.

Discover Other Titles by Cheyenne Barnett
You’re Still The One
Don’t You Remember
Heartbreak Warfare
Connect with Cheyenne
Friend me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CheyenneBarnettAuthor
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/CheyenneRayne

The sequel, You’re Still The One, is now available!
