ee

When Love’s at Work
By Merri Hiatt
Copyright 2011 Merri Hiatt
Smashwords Edition
 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

# # #

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the author, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review. All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

# # #

Cover image credit: PhotoAlto/Sigrid Olsson/
PhotoAlto Agency RF (RF)/Jupiterimages

# # #

For Jen, my soul sister.

Chapter One

“I was not told that we would be using paper plates. This is unacceptable!” Marsha Persimmony proclaimed as the well-worn indentions on her hips were made deeper by thick fingers attached to firmly planted palms.
“We’ve rented everything you will need. We’re just waiting for items to arrive,” Sheila Martin explained to the frustrated caterer.
“Kathy’s Rentals will be here within half an hour. Sheila is correct, everything you need will be made available to you. Nothing will be served on paper plates, I can assure you,” Purity said as she stepped between the two women who were now only a few feet apart.
“Well, I hope they get here soon,” Marsha grumbled as she turned her back on the duo and headed for the kitchen.
Purity winked at Sheila. “So, how’s it going so far?”
“Everything is going according to schedule, boss.” Sheila presented Purity with a checklist attached to a clipboard. Over half the items were marked with a red checkmark.
“I’m beginning to think they should hire you for the job.”
Sheila smiled at the compliment, but Purity saw hesitation in her eyes. She wondered why Sheila hadn’t applied for the job as events coordinator at The Kids’ Place. After all, she’d been practically doing the job for the past five years.
Putting her hand on Purity’s arm, Sheila said, “You have to come see the raindrops. They’re gorgeous!”
As they entered the multi-purpose room at the community center, Pure’s eyes danced with delight at the sight that met her gaze. Everywhere she looked she saw shimmering glass in varying shades of blue gently suspended from the ceiling. They were swaying in a faux breeze created by fans strategically placed throughout the area. Some rivaled the ocean in color while others were as creamy as a midnight sky. The effect was enchanting.
Sheila and Purity watched as Tapestry Jones tied the almost invisible fishing line through the puffy cloud material and attached it to a wooden frame. When about fifteen to twenty raindrops were all secure, Tapestry used a pulley system to raise the entire structure high into the air.
Purity waited until the fixture was in place before giving her friend a big hug. “It’s perfect!”
“Hey!” Tap greeted her friend and returned the heartfelt embrace. “It looks good, yes?”
“Good, no. Fabulous, yes! You’ve certainly come a long way from art class seven years ago.”
“We both have.”
“I hate to interrupt,” Sheila began, “but Kathy’s Rentals just arrived. I thought you might want to make sure everything goes okay with Marsha Persimmony.”
“I definitely do. Thanks, Sheila.” Purity headed for the building entryway.
“Hey, Pure, I only have four more of these to hang,” Tap said, “then I’m done. When’s this gig going to be over so I can come take them down?”
“If all goes according to plan,” Purity said, crossing her fingers for emphasis and for good luck, “everyone should be out of here by nine-thirty.”
“So, if I plan to be here around ten, would that be okay?”
“Sounds perfect.”
Purity saw Kathy Jacobsen just as Marsha Persimmony was making a beeline toward her. Purity quickened her pace so she would reach Kathy before Marsha.
“Let me introduce you,” Purity intervened with an ease borne from communication and conflict resolution class role playing exercises, not to mention dealing with her own family dynamics.
Everything seemed to be under control and Purity couldn’t help but notice her eyes wandering to the entryway for signs of Alex McCallister.
Pure’s adrenaline had risen to a medium-high level, creating a soft glow on her face and a lovely pink tint to her cheeks.
It was the first thing Alex McCallister noticed when he walked through the door. That and the fact that Purity never looked as beautiful as she did at that very moment.
Alex figured she was a shoo-in for the job. All the board members thought she was wonderful, not that they had told Purity that. They were stringing her along like a fish with a hook in its mouth. They had finagled it in such a way that they were able to get three fundraisers organized in two months. They should perpetually be looking to hire someone, he thought tactically. Then they’d never have to pony up a dime to hire an events coordinator at all.
“Looks damn good, eh?” Mark Watterson said, slapping Alex on the back cordially.
Alex wasn’t sure if he was referring to the room or Purity. Either way, the answer was yes.
“Yes. I’d say Ms. Zyetta has done a wonderful job and potentially raised the highest amount of money of our three candidates,” Alex said.
“We’ll see after she gives us her report on Wednesday.”
Sheila Martin overhead the conversation and couldn’t be more thrilled. Purity Zyetta might just be her new boss.
It was almost ten p.m. and only a few stragglers were left talking and gathering their belongings. Pure was ready for the event to be over. She desperately wanted to remove her shoes, put her feet up and indulge in a second piece of Marsha Persimmony’s white chocolate cake with raspberry cream filling and mocha ganache. That alone had been worth the price of admission.
Tapestry would be back soon to take down the raindrops. Pure hoped she would get some additional business from the event. All of Tap’s brochures had been taken from the vendor promotion table, which was a good sign.
The only slight glitch in the festivities happened when the guitar player in the band, who apparently had a few too many drinks or a bit of chemical overload, fell off the stage area and almost landed in Alice Anderson’s wild alaskan salmon. Luckily he wasn’t injured, nor was the salmon, nor Alice Anderson.
She was glad tomorrow was Sunday. She’d be able to gather up the myriad of receipts, paperwork and notes and create a report out of the hodge-podge.
Tapestry Jones and her sometime assistant/sometime boyfriend came walking into the room with a dolly loaded to the brim with boxes.
“Hi Chance,” Pure said, giving him a hug and a quick peck on the cheek.
“Hey, Pure, how’d it go?”
“Sheer perfection. And, thank God it’s over,” Purity leaned forward and whispered the latter half.
“Pure likes to plan and organize and make to-do lists but when it comes to the actual event, she loses interest,” Tapestry explained to Chance. “Is it okay if we start taking stuff down now?”
“Absolutely. Do you need any help?”
“Nope, I’ve got my muscley lover here to help me.” Tapestry linked arms with Chance and led him toward the far corner of the room.
Sheila approached Purity and told her the folks from Kathy’s Rentals had arrived to retrieve their tableware and Marsha Persimmony and her crew were all packed up and ready to head out.
“Sheila, you’re amazing. This event would not have gone as smoothly if you had not been involved. You’re taking Monday off, right?”
“I hadn’t planned to take Monday off, but if you okay it, I’d really love to,” Sheila said, gratitude evident in her voice.
“It is well-earned. I think you can head for home now, too. I’ll stay until Tapestry and Chance are done taking down the raindrops and then I’ll follow the procedures for returning the keys, turning off the lights and heat, and securing the building.”
“Great,” Sheila said, more than ready to slide her tired body between her favorite cotton sheets and curl up for a good night’s rest.
As soon as the “official” vendors were out of the building and the doors had been locked, Pure took off her shoes, sat down by Tapestry and Chance and breathed a heavy sigh of relief.
“Did you get a chance to spend much time with Amazing Assed Alex?” Tapestry asked.
“No. He didn’t stay for the entire event. I didn’t even get to exchange two words with him. I saw him talking with the president, but then he was gone.”
“Do you think you’ll get the job?” Chance asked, carefully putting a glass raindrop in bubble wrap before placing it in a thick cardboard box.
“She’ll get it,” Tap answered with confidence..
“I hope so,” Pure said.
After all the raindrops were safely packed away, the trio headed out the door, with one last check to make sure everything was as it should be and the doors were secure.
“Lunch next week sometime?” Tap asked.
“Definitely. E-mail me.”
“Good to see you, again, Purity,” Chance said.
“You, too, Chance.”
As they all left the parking lot, Pure felt a twinge of jealousy that Tapestry had someone special to share her life with. Someone who could be trusted and counted on.
Within fifteen minutes, Purity was pulling into her apartment complex, thankful the managers believed in lighting every nook and cranny of the parking area and landscaping. It made her feel more comfortable when she came home late in the evening since she hardly knew any of her neighbors, even though she’d lived in the complex for almost five years.
Pure grabbed her briefcase, and the Diet Coke she had gotten from the McDonald’s drive-through, and headed toward her home.
It always felt good when she opened her door and the familiar surroundings embraced her. The warm color scheme of creams, beiges, and taupes, offset by a few splashes of burgundy and a deep turquoise, brought rest to her spirit.
Right now her little haven needed a good cleaning and a shovel to make a path through all the debris.
Once she got the job as events coordinator, Pure promised herself she’d get back into a routine. She missed doing Yoga and hadn’t been on her stationary exercise bike in weeks, which she always considered the very least amount of exercise she could do.
Purity slipped her shoes off and began to undress. She couldn’t wait to change into her well-worn pajamas and head for the internet. Meg and Courtney would be waiting to hear how things went at the fundraiser.
While flossing her teeth, something her dental hygienist had finally gotten her to do on a daily basis, Pure remembered when the three women met nine years ago.
The Methodist Church she attended was having a women’s retreat. Pure had not wanted to go, but several of the women she met said they were going and it had been a huge success the previous year, so Purity signed up.
The first few hours of the retreat, Pure found herself wondering what she had gotten herself into. The group was supposed to reflect on obstacles they had experienced in their faith journey. As if she was going to spill her guts to people she barely knew. Well, the women that began sharing talked about how they never lost faith, never doubted, and if you just believed in God, everything would be fine.
Pure knew she was in the wrong place. Practically everyone in the Bible had doubted at one time or another and here these women were saying you should never doubt, or ask questions, or wonder why. Were they kidding?
There was a half hour break and Purity was deciding how she was going to make a graceful exit and head back home when Meg Silvers and Courtney Abrams came walking over from opposite directions. The three women almost collided, as they were all lost in their own thoughts. 
“Woah, sorry,” Meg said. “Guess I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going.”
“Me either,” agreed Courtney.
“I was paying attention,” Purity said. “Paying attention to where the road out of here is.”
 “I was thinking the same thing,” Meg replied with giggles ringing in her voice.
“Me, too!” Courtney exclaimed. “Just what in the hell is all this crap about just believing and never having any doubts? I have a ton of doubts.”
“You swore! You’re going to hell,” Meg said, her smile contradicting her words.
“Are you really going to leave?” Courtney asked Purity.
“I don’t know.” Pure looked down at her feet.
“If you stay, I’ll stay,” Courtney said.
“If you stay, I’ll stay,” Meg joined in, meeting Courtney’s eyes and then Purity’s.
“Well, if we’re going to hell, we might as well all go together,” Purity said and put her hand into the middle of the circle the women had created.
Meg put her hand on top of Purity’s, then Courtney put her hand on top of Meg’s, then Pure again, and Meg again, and Courtney again until there was a frenzy of hand slapping going on.
“I’m actually looking forward to this retreat now!” Meg said excitedly. “Let’s go move our stuff into the same room.”
As they walked toward the cabins on a windy gravel trail flanked by pine trees, Pure thought about her new friends and thanked God for having their paths cross at just the right time.
“Hey!” Courtney stopped walking, turned around and looked at the two women. “What’s your name?”
They exchanged names and continued walking, the scent of lavender and hyacinth filling their senses as they followed the path.
Meg had ash blonde hair, cut short in a bob with the ends in the front hanging a bit longer than the ends in the back. Freckles crossed the bridge of her pert little nose. She resembled a pixie with a lilting voice and a radiant smile.
Courtney was the complete opposite with straight blue-black hair, one visible peace symbol tattoo on her left ankle, ten piercings in her ears, and more black and silver jewelry on her arms than Purity owned. She was striking with her olive skin, blood red lips, and black eyeliner.
Rinsing her mouth with Listerine, Purity’s thoughts came back to the present. Yep, they would be waiting to hear news of the night’s events and if she didn’t e-mail them soon, they’d be calling, even though it was almost midnight.
Courtney was a night owl. As long as Pure had known her she couldn’t call her house before eleven a.m. or Court would spend the first ten minutes of their conversation demanding to know what was so important that she had to be woken up to hear it.
Pure curled up on the sofa with her laptop. As soon as she logged on to the internet she heard Courtney’s duck quack, signifying she had received an instant message.
“How’d it go?” Court wanted to know.
Purity sent a message back. “Superb! Wonderful! Fabulous! And, best of all IT’S OVER!!!!!” 
“Five exclamation points. That’s a good sign,”
“How was your night?”
“You don’t even want to know.”
“What! Why?”
“It’s hard enough to fend off a guy with two hands, let alone one who seems to have twenty. I couldn’t say good-bye fast enough.”
“Sorry,” Pure replied.
“Such is life. You think God’s trying to tell me something?”
“Look before you leap?”
“Ha! I was looking, he was leaping! LOL.”
Purity sent Court a smiley face icon, then wrote, “I’m beat, Court, I’m skipping church tomorrow and sleeping in. Want to get together in the afternoon?”
“Skipping church? You bad girl. Tomorrow afternoon sounds great. How about around two o’clock? I’ll bring Ben and Jerry if you bring pasta-something-or-other.”
“Consider it done. See ya tomorrow.”
Purity fired off an e-mail to Meg asking her to pick up some french bread and swing by her place the next day around two, then added that everything went great with the event.
Pure ignored the rest of her e-mails. They could wait until morning. She logged off the internet, then went into the kitchen and peered into her refrigerator. She hoped she still had a bag of mixed salad greens so she could throw together a salad for tomorrow’s meal. The salad would help balance out the calories from the ice cream, she reasoned. There it was and it wasn’t even slimy. Score! Now it was time for some shut-eye.

Chapter Two

It was two a.m. when Purity sat bolt upright in her queen-sized bed. Sweat trickled down her back and her breathing ragged. She gulped air hungrily into her lungs. Pure felt like she had been running for hours. It was just a dream, only it wasn’t, not really. It was a memory. A memory of Derek Worthington.
Purity grabbed the water bottle she kept by her bed on a side table and let the cool water refresh her dry mouth. She reached for the phone and called Courtney.
“What’s up? Why are you awake in the middle of the night?”
“I had the dream, uh, memory again.” Purity tried to keep her voice from breaking.
“I’ll be right over.”
 “No. No, Court, you don’t need to come over. I just… I just needed to hear a friendly voice.”
“That damn self-righteous sonofabitch,” Courtney began. “They should have castrated him. Strung him up by his balls and then yanked ‘em right off, or worse!”
“I haven’t had the dre… memory in almost a year. It was probably triggered by his phone call.”
“He called you? When? What did he say?”
“He called today, while I was on my way to the fundraiser. He left a voice mail saying his mother had a stroke, who knows if she did or not. Anyway, he wanted me to call him.”
“Did you?”
“Hell no!”
“Did you report the violation?”
“Not yet. I was so busy today. I’ll send an e-mail to Brad Thompson on Monday. He’s really good about following up when I call or e-mail.” Purity was tired of documenting violation after violation. What good was a restraining order if Derek just kept ignoring it?
“Maybe you should call your shrink.”
“I thought about that,” Purity replied. “She said to call whenever I need to talk, but I’m feeling better. She said PTSD can be triggered by a lot of different things.”
“Was it the same memory?”
“Yes, identical to all the others,” Purity paused. “It feels so real in the moment. I can smell the cologne he was wearing, feel the texture of his hands, the softness of the pillow… well, until he started smothering me with it.”
“I’m all for sexual exploration, but the whole asphyxiation thing just doesn’t make any sense to me. I mean, how can lack of oxygen make your orgasm better?”
Purity didn’t have the answer to that question. To each their own, Pure always figured, but she had not been a consenting partner in Derek’s pre-planned theatrics. When Pure managed to shove the pillow off her face, adrenaline gave her the strength to knock Derek off balance. She scrambled from the bed and ran for the door clad only in her skin. She hadn’t thought to grab a jacket, a purse or her shoes. She had been scared, almost literally, to death.
Her fists became bruised from pounding on the next-door-neighbor’s door wildly. Thank God the woman opened the door and let her in.
Derek was seething when the police arrived. He tried to make it sound as if Purity was overreacting and their sexual encounter had just gotten a little out of hand.
Purity could see the signs now, in retrospect. In the moment, though, she hadn’t noticed Derek becoming more and more controlling. He had never liked Courtney or Meg or Tapestry and had insisted that she spent way too much time with them and not enough with him.
Derek began telling her what clothes he liked best on her and which way he liked her to wear her hair. It all happened slowly, over time.
It reminded Pure of that old saying about putting a frog in a pot of boiling water. It’s hot and he’ll jump out. But, if you put a frog in a pot of cool water and turn the heat up slowly, he’ll boil to death. That’s what Pure felt like she had almost done -- boiled to death -- only in her case it was almost suffocated to death.
“Pure? Are you there?” Courtney asked.
“Sorry. My mind was wandering.”
“You can’t live in the past. It’s over and Derek Worthington is never going to be in a position where he can hurt you again, ever.”
“I know. My head knows. I just want these stupid flashbacks to stop. When are they going to stop, Court?”
“Are you sure you don’t want me to come over? I can bring my baseball bat and if that asshole even tries to show up while you sleep, I’ll whack him over the head with it.”
“You would, too, wouldn’t you?”
“Damn straight!”
“Thanks, Court, I think I can get back to sleep now.”
“If you wake up again, just give me a buzz. I’ve been drawing all night and I’m on a roll. I won’t hit the sack for hours yet.” Excitement laced Courtney’s words, she loved when her muse came out to play.
“Can’t wait to see what you’re working on.”
Purity thought Courtney was one of the most talented artists she knew. She was always coming up with amazing images, stories, or paintings that were usually shocking and a bit macabre but also haunting and beautiful.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, well actually, today,” Courtney said with an energy fueled by creativity and more than a few cans of Jolt soda.
“Thanks, again, Court. I love you.”
“Love you, too. Sleep well.”
The women hung up their phones. Pure returned to her prone position in bed, noticing her heart rate had returned to normal and her skin was no longer clammy.
Courtney returned to her drawing, choosing a medium-black charcoal pencil to sketch out the labyrinth spilling out of one side of a woman’s head. She liked the way the darker coal made the skin look dry, scraggly and torn. It made Court want to buy the woman some Vitamin E oil to rub on the area and replenish the moisture in her flesh.
Courtney knew that some people thought her artwork was bizarre. That was fine with her. She wasn’t involved in the creative arts to please other people, she did it because she couldn’t not do it. It was in her blood.
Sipping from her third can of Jolt, Court found herself wishing she could be of more help to Purity when those awful flashbacks hit. Right after the incident she used to get them every night. Purity would wake up screaming and panting for air. It was frightening. Court, Meg and Tapestry had taken turns staying overnight with Pure for several months. Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder sucked.
Putting the woman with the half brain aside, Courtney quickly fleshed out an image of a man’s face and body shape, then she added more details, everything except a penis and testicles. These she added to the woman’s drawing as earrings.
Courtney worked diligently to get the contour just right. She didn’t want anyone to notice that the earrings the woman was wearing were actually a schlong on one earring and marbles on the other. It would only be noticed on critical inspection. The images turned out exactly as she wanted. No one would ever know that the man was a castrated Derek Worthington. Who said art wasn’t therapeutic?
Purity awoke, relieved that she couldn’t remember having any more dreams after her night encounter with Derek Worthington. She glanced toward the window where the sun was painting grey leaf shadows on her blinds. The soft images were a soothing balm.
Purity rolled over on her right side and hugged her pillow as she thought about her life. Mostly, she was right where she wanted to be, especially as far as her career went. She really wanted the events coordinator job at The Kids’ Place, but if it fell through she knew she’d find another place to work. She’d never been without a job for more than thirty days.
She needed to jump in the shower and clear a path through the rubble in her house so Court and Meg would have a place to walk. Not that they would care. Courtney’s house was always strewn with canvases, papers, boxes, easels and heaven only knew what else. There were explosions of color everywhere and so many types of artist mediums: paint, clay, charcoal pencils, grease paint, colored pencils, watercolors, and many other items Pure couldn’t even identify.
Meg, on the other hand, had a place for everything and everything in its place. If you asked Meg for a pair of scissors, she knew exactly where they were, every time. Meggie had a great sense of style in her decorating. She used soothing colors and everything looked like a picture from House Beautiful magazine, but guests and family members never hesitated to kick their shoes off and put their feet on the coffee table.
Purity looked up at her ceiling fan. Was that dirt? She peered closer. It was disgusting. Pure knew once she began cleaning she wouldn’t be able to stop with the ceiling fan. Three hours later, her home was clean, organized and Pure felt the lightness in her body that always came when her surroundings weren’t full of clutter and chaos.
After a quick shower, Pure chose white shorts and a pink tank top as her attire for the day. She pulled her hair back into a ponytail and secured it with a thick stretchy burgundy band.
E-mail could no longer be put off so she logged onto the internet. She opened Meg’s e-mail first: Hey P, so glad the fundraiser went well. I knew it would. I’ll see you a bit after two today. I signed up to help clean-up after the senior dinner at church, so I’ll be a few minutes late. Did you hear that Emily Cravens is in the hospital? Apparently she fell on her back porch when she was heading out to water her roses. She couldn’t get up and no one found her for two days! Can you imagine? Ack! When I get older, I’m getting one of those things you wear around your neck and you just press the button if you need help. Anywho… see you later on. XOXO.
Poor Emily. Mrs. Cravens refused to move into an assisted living environment, even though she really shouldn’t be living alone in that big old house any more. Her husband had a heart attack and died three years ago. He was the love of Emily’s life. If it hadn’t been for the ladies of the church, Pure didn’t think Emily would have made it through that challenging time.
The church women had made sure Emily had activities to participate in and women who were ready and willing to listen, should she feel like talking. They also made sure to check in on her every other day or so. Pure wondered how people who didn’t have a church family got through times like that. What did people do without committed friends or family to help out and without God to lean on for strength?
That was such a great example of the church at its best, offering support and love and hope. Too bad all the other crap went with it, too. She’d seen more than her share of hypocritical and judgmental behavior by church members. That was the part that turned Purity off about organized religion. Why they thought they were better than anyone else was beyond her.
There was just as much infidelity, child abuse, substance abuse, and lying among “religious” people as anyone else. The whole idea that this group of people was somehow immune and set apart from the rest of the world was such a misnomer. It totally set up an “us” versus “them” mentality that Pure abhorred. We, she thought to herself, it’s all about we -- working together, building one another up, being guided along by a loving, caring Creator who has our very best interest at heart. Why was that so hard for people to understand?
She deleted Meg’s e-mail and began opening the work-related messages. An hour later, she logged off the internet, satisfied that everyone’s questions had been answered and their needs had been met.
Pure spent the next hour straightening out the items in her briefcase and making a to-do list for Monday morning. She was just closing her briefcase when she heard a knock on the door and Courtney’s voice.
“It’s me, and Ben and Jerry.”
Pure made her way to the door easily, now that there was a clear path. and welcomed her friend, eyeing the large Diet Coke from McDonald’s in Court’s hand.
“I so hope that is for me.”
“It is. You know I hate that diet crap.” Court handed the Diet Coke to Purity and then gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“What happened in here?!” Courtney exclaimed, surveying the clean apartment. “The last time I was here I almost wanted to start cleaning the joint myself.”
“It started with a dirty ceiling fan. It snowballed after that.” Purity took a big swig of the Diet Coke. “Ah, good stuff. Did you hear about Emily Cravens?”.
“Oh man, yes, Meggie e-mailed me this morning. Can you imagine laying on your porch for two days before someone found you?” Court was horrified at the thought. “She needs to get out of that house, but you know she won’t ‘cuz she and her husband lived there all their lives. Their kids grew up in that house. I can’t blame her. I wouldn’t want to leave either.”
“Me, either.”
“She needs one of those Life Alert things,” Court said, after putting the ice cream in Purity’s freezer and then making herself comfortable by removing her shoes and stretching out on the sofa.
Court brought the drawings she made last night with her, but she wanted to wait until Meg arrived before showing them to her friends. Pure would be the first to notice the earrings. Meg would have to look for a long time to see any image other than the obvious, then she would probably burst out laughing. Meggie never knew quite what to think of her artistic creations.
“I don’t smell pasta cooking?” Courtney observed.
“No, you don’t,” Pure replied, letting Courtney’s mind wonder about the dish she was providing. While online, Purity had visited the Pizza Hut website and ordered a pan of their chicken fettuccini for delivery.
“Thanks for the Diet Coke.” Purity sat on the couch opposite Courtney and spread her body out the length of the sofa.
“No problem. Has your rug always had that swirly design in it?”
“Yeah, you’ve just probably never seen it because there’s always junk piled up everywhere.”
“I like it.”
“Me, too.”
Purity and Courtney were knee-deep in a discussion about which flavor of Ben and Jerry’s ice cream was the best, when a knock on the door interrupted their debate.
“That’s either food or Meg,” Courtney commented. “Either way, I’ll get it.”
“Money’s on the counter if it’s the Pizza Hut guy.”
When Courtney opened the door, Meg came barreling through the entryway stating, “Some people should not be allowed to drive a moving vehicle!”
“As opposed to driving a non-moving vehicle,” Court said, closing the door behind Meggie.
Meg nudged her in the ribs with her elbow and said, “You know what I mean.”
“Who might you be referring to?” Purity asked.
“The jerk who ran the stop sign, for one. And, for two, the gal that decided to switch lanes on the freeway without even looking to see if a car was in the lane she was turning into,” Meg said as she placed a grocery bag on the counter and placed her purse next to it, then bent down to remove her shoes and place them neatly out of the way so no one would trip over them.
“What’s in the bag?” Courtney asked, peering into the large paper grocery sack.
“Oh, I grabbed a couple of munchies while I was getting the french bread. You can never have too much food.”
“I like the way you think,” Purity responded, joining the duo and trying to see what items lay below the bread.”
Another knock on the door delayed the investigation. This time Purity answered the door. It was Sean, the Pizza Hut guy. She wondered how she always seemed to get the same delivery driver. He was a nice young man and they had engaged in several conversations so Pure was getting to know him a bit. He was a college student and had a wife and a one and a half year old baby boy named Ricky. She always tipped him double what she thought was appropriate because she knew he could use the money.
“Cheater!” Meg said with amusement in her voice.
“Hey, I never said I was going to cook, I just said I was providing the pasta dish,” Purity defended.
Meg made herself at home by turning the oven on to broil and finding a sheet pan to put the french bread on.
“I have salad, too,” Pure stated. “I figured it would balance out the ice cream.”
“There’s ice cream?” Meg asked.
“Ben and Jerry’s,” Pure said.
“I was in charge of the ice cream,” Court said proudly. “I brought four different kinds.”
“Way to go, Court!” Meg gave her friend a high five.
Purity had already tossed the salad ingredients together, leaving off the dressing until the last minute so the leaves wouldn’t get soggy.
All three women were standing in the kitchen: Meg watching through the oven door to make sure the french bread didn’t burn, Courtney propped up against the wall with one leg bent with her foot against the wall, and Purity by the sink putting the dressing on the salad.
How many times had this scene unfolded? Too many to count. Pure wasn’t sure how her apartment became the hub for their gatherings, but she loved it.
When the bread was golden, Meggie busied herself by cutting it into wedges while Courtney cleared off the coffee table in the living room and placed the chicken fettuccini on a trivet so it wouldn’t scorch the table. They always chose to sit on the floor and use the coffee table as their dining surface. Old habits die hard with this group, Courtney thought as she piled up the tile coasters and silk covered boxes that Purity loved and set them aside.
Meg grabbed silverware, plates, napkins and the bread and Purity carried in bottles of Diet Peach Snapple and the salad, equipped with serving tongs.
As was their tradition, the three women held hands and gave thanks to God for the food they were about to eat and were grateful for the nourishment for their body and spirit. They also gave thanks for the friendship they shared and included Emily Cravens’ well-being in their prayers.
They talked, laughed and shared stories of events since their last gathering two weeks prior.
Meg complained about her boss, which was nothing new, and vowed that she was going to quit her job if he didn’t acknowledge her contributions. Meggie threatened to quit her job at least four times a year, but no one took her seriously as she had been employed at the accounting firm for more than twelve years. Court and Purity figured she’d end up retiring before she quit.
Courtney was working on an article for a children’s magazine about drawing your way through grief. She was well-known and respected in the community for her work with children and young adults and she had chosen art as her way to connect and communicate. It also gave her the opportunity to set her own schedule, work from home, and continue expressing her own creativity through art.
“Hey,” Court said, jumping up from her position on the floor and grabbing the large bag she had brought with her. “Check this out.”
Court handed Purity one of the drawings she made and handed Meg the other, then watched their faces. Meg had a look of concern for Courtney’s mental health as she looked at the hideous drawing of a woman’s head exploding and her brains spilling out. Her body was mangled and had several knives protruding from her pelvis. There was also a bloody handsaw lying on its side and the stump of the woman’s leg drenched in a pile of dark goo. Meg did not understand Courtney’s illustrations at all. Art wasn’t her thing in general, but she had a hard time even calling what Court did art.
Purity was surveying the man, minus his family jewels, and noticing that his hands had been replaced by oven mitts. He was wearing glasses like a blind man might wear and his mouth had been covered with duct tape.
The women switched drawings and Purity began to laugh. “Very nice,” she said to Courtney. “I wish I had those lovely earrings.”
“What earrings?” Meg wanted to know, leaning over to look at the sketch again. She didn’t see anything special about the earrings, except they didn’t match. “What’s so special about them?”
“They’re made from the genitalia of the guy in the other drawing,” Purity explained.
Meg looked closer. Purity was right. Courtney was truly weird, Meg thought, but couldn’t help but laugh.
“I wonder if I can get a pair of those online?” Purity asked aloud.
“I drew them after your phone call last night,” Courtney explained.
“Did you have another flashback?” Meg asked with concern.
“Yeah. Derek called me yesterday and wanted to talk.” Pure relayed what she had already told Court.
“That guy is unbelievable. What do you have to do to make him stay away from you?” Meg questioned.
“I don’t know,” Pure answered, “but what I’m doing doesn’t appear to be working. I’m going to e-mail Brad Thompson tomorrow. Maybe he’ll have a suggestion. At the very least I need to report the violation.”
“It just doesn’t seem fair. You’re the victim in all of this and he’s the one who got a little slap on the wrist and then let out of jail to do what he did to you to someone else,” Meg said, her anger getting the best of her.
Purity put her hand on Meggie’s arm. She knew her friend was upset for her, but what could she do? She needed to work within the confines of the law. Hopefully Brad would have some advice for her.
“Awesome drawings, Court, as usual,” Purity told her friend. “Any chance I can have these as a token of what should have happened to Derek?”
“They’re yours, my friend, as a symbol of Derek’s emasculation.”
“Here, here!” Meg added as she grabbed her drink. The three women drank a toast to Derek Worthington’s castration.

Chapter Three

At seven-thirty a.m. Monday morning, Purity had already left invoices to be paid in Margaret Choi’s in-box, written personal thank you notes to all the vendors who had participated in the fundraiser, and begun plugging numbers into her spreadsheet
Her job interview wasn’t over yet and she wanted to impress on her future employers that she was willing to go the extra mile on any task she undertook.
Alex McCallister passed Purity’s temporary office. He stopped and leaned back, poking his head through the doorway. “Nice job on the fundraiser last weekend.”
Turning from her computer screen to make eye contact with Alex, Pure replied, “Thanks. I think everyone had a good time and my preliminary figures show that we made a nice little profit, too. A win-win.”
Judd Broadstreet appeared next to Alex and added, “Great job on the event on Saturday, Purity. My wife said it was the best fundraiser we’ve had in years.”
Pure smiled and nodded her head in acknowledgement of the compliment.
Both men headed back toward their offices and Purity went back to deciphering her notes and entering information into her spreadsheet. 
Margaret Choi, The Kids’ Place accountant, e-mailed Purity with a couple of clarifying questions regarding the invoices and then confirmed that the checks would be written and sent today.
All the loose ends were being tied up nicely. She shouldn’t have any trouble having a report ready for the board members by Wednesday morning. Her rough estimates showed that the event had made a profit of just under $2,500. The food cost had been the most expensive, but it had definitely been worth it. Purity’s mouth watered at the thought of Marsha Persimmony’s culinary delights.
By lunch time, Pure had done as much as she could until a couple vendors returned her calls and e-mails, so she decided to head for home. She’d work on her final report tomorrow, when she had all the information she needed.
Purity logged off her computer, tidied up her desk and then headed for her car, noting the temperature had climbed quickly. One minute it was raining, the next it was in the high eighties. A swim in her apartment complex pool sounded lovely but, with school being out, she figured it would be loaded with kids trying to stay cool and enjoy some summer fun.
She needed to run some errands and the note she had stuck to her steering wheel proclaiming “get gas” could no longer be ignored. That would be her first order of business.
Purity pulled into the gas station she frequented regularly. It was the same location she had accidentally locked her keys in her car while getting gas one day. The staff had been extremely helpful in jimmying the lock. Her keys were sitting on the passenger’s seat, right next to her purse and cell phone. It was only after the event that she remembered she had AAA and could have called them to assist her.
Three more stops, and a run through the McDonald’s drive-through for a large Diet Coke, and Purity was parking her car in her designated parking spot in front of her apartment building.
Two young children, who couldn’t be more than four or five, were sitting on a small patch of grass with a calico kitten joyfully crawling all over them. Cherry popsicles were dripping their sticky liquid down their arms. The kitten was taking great pleasure in licking all the sweetness off their skin.
Purity walked over to the row of apartment complex mailboxes and retrieved her mail, then headed down the stairs and into her apartment. She could hear Ben and Jerry seducing her toward the freezer for the last of the Cherry Garcia ice cream. She grabbed the ice cream and a spoon and made her way toward her favorite recliner, kicking off her shoes as she went.
Purity opened her laptop. She needed to call Brad Thompson, but she just didn’t feel like rehashing the whole thing about Derek oh the phone, so she wrote a detailed e-mail and asked Brad if he had any advice about how to stop Derek from violating the restraining order.
The Nora Roberts book caught Purity’s eye just after she hit send. She logged off the internet, closed her laptop, and grabbed the book. Just a couple of hours she promised herself, knowing full well that once she opened the romance novel she wouldn’t be able to put it down.
The next six hours flew by as Pure was transported to another world where Derek Worthington and job interviews didn’t exist. As she finished the parting words and closed the book, a satisfied sigh escaped her lips. Movies and books held such magic. It was easy for her imagination to take flight. Coming back to reality was oftentimes a bumpy ride.
Pure’s exercise bike was calling to her, and since she’d spent the latter half of the day in the recliner reading, she decided to answer its call. An hour later she felt energized, even though her butt was sore. She needed to get some kind of padding for that seat, she thought, which is what she thought every time she got off the exercise bike. One of these days she’d actually do something about it.
Purity logged back on to the internet and found a message from Brad Thompson. He said he would report the violation and there wasn’t anything else to be done unless Derek actually tried to harm her.
Great, just great. Not that she hadn’t expected that response. It was just that if he tried to do her harm, he would most likely succeed. There wouldn’t be a need to report that violation because she would be dead.
Courtney wanted Purity to get a gun, but Pure was adamantly against getting one. Even Meg had agreed that it might be a good idea. Purity figured she’d end up accidentally shooting herself, or worse yet, what if Derek found the gun and used it against her? No, a gun was not for her. She did carry pepper spray with her, but she had back then, too. She never thought to use it.
She decided to head for bed. It was only nine p.m., but her early mornings and late nights were catching up with her.
Pure followed her nightly routine and then snuggled into her bed, pulled her down comforter around her body, and closed her eyes. Alex McCallister’s lips invaded her thoughts. She imagined his strong arms wrapped around her and his lips leaving a hot trail of fire on the nape of her neck. She would have sweet dreams tonight.
Sheila Martin was rooting for Purity, but the competition was stiff. Andrea Stiles arranged a wonderful carnival with clowns, balloons, games and concessions, bringing in a profit of around $2,200. Candice Atkins’ auction had also been a success, giving The Kids’ Place a tidy little sum of $2,000. Purity’s rain themed dinner brought in $2,400. It was going to be close.
Final decisions would be made based on how well each candidate worked with the staff and vendors, as well as the amount raised. Sheila had been called in to the board meeting and asked her opinion on who should be hired. Sheila recommended Purity Zyetta.
Purity, Andrea, and Candice sat facing all eight board members and the president sequestered behind a massive oak table. Each of the women wanted the position, but only one would walk away as the new events coordinator.
The board members asked each interviewee to give a report on their fundraiser, which they all did. All of the events had successfully raised money for the non-profit organization and it was clear that personality, experience, and style of leadership were going to be key factors in the final decision.
The women were thanked and then asked to leave the room while the board made their decision.
Fifteen minutes later, Alex McCallister entered the small waiting room where the candidates were waiting anxiously. “Purity, will you follow me?”
Great, Purity thought as she followed Alex back to the meeting room. I’m going to be the first one to get the “Sorry, but…” speech.
She noticed that while her disappointment at not getting the job was evident, her disappointment at not seeing Alex McCallister again had a stronger hold on her.
Alex motioned for her to take a seat in one of the recently vacated chairs. Purity sat down, thankful for the support as her knees were feeling a bit weak.
“Ms. Zyetta,” Mark Watterson began, “your fundraiser was a great success. The vendors and staff spoke highly of your work ethic, thoroughness and follow-through. Our decision was unanimous. Welcome to the team.”
“I’m hired?” Purity asked in disbelief. She had been certain she wasn’t going to get the job.
“You’re hired,” Mr. Watterson confirmed.
Purity beamed and said, “Thank you. Thank you so much,” as she stood and shook hands with each of the board members.
When she got to Alex McCallister, she could feel her palm starting to sweat. Not now, Pure thought. He’s going to be a co-worker. You’re not supposed to get involved with colleagues.
When their flesh touched, Purity knew it was too late. Fireworks were shooting through her veins and while she was delighted to have beaten out her competition, she was even more excited to have additional opportunities to spend time with Alex.
She held his hand about two seconds too long. Purity decided to ease her nervousness by talking. “I’m looking forward to working with all of you,” she said, including all the board members in her gaze.
Mark Watterson said, “You can head over to HR. I’m sure Jocelyn has more paperwork for you to fill out than you can shake a stick at.”
“Thanks. I will.”
In a bit of a daze, Pure left the meeting room and headed to the Human Relations Department. She was now an employee of The Kids’ Place. She wanted to shout it from the rooftop, but needed to maintain at least a small amount of decorum. 
Purity already had a list of fundraisers for the future in her mind: a silent auction with big ticket items, a movie night, a talent show, another dinner with an Italian theme, a car show, and maybe even hot air balloon rides. Her mind spun and whirred with ideas.
Alex caught up with Pure halfway to Jocelyn’s office. “Purity,” he said, when he was within earshot. Purity stopped and turned around to face him, no words coming to her lips. “Congratulations,” Alex said with a warm smile. “I’m looking forward to working with you.”
“Me, too,” Purity said. “Looking forward to working with you. I mean, I’m looking forward to working with you, too.” Oh sweet God in Heaven, why was she so tongue-tied? Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
Sheila Martin approached the duo. She simply couldn’t suppress her excitement and gave Purity a hug and exclaimed, “Congratulations!”
“Thanks so much, Sheila. I’m so excited that we’re going to be working together.” Sheila was a great asset and Purity knew she had been underutilized in the past. That would change now that she was in charge.
See, she could talk with Sheila just fine, making complete sentences and everything. She had to get a hold of herself around Alex McCallister.
“Ladies,” Alex said as he nodded his head and made his departure.
“Are you headed to HR?” Sheila asked.
“Yes, that’s exactly where I’m headed.”
As she walked past the small waiting area where she had been riddled with uncertainty just moments before, she saw Alex leading Andrea toward the meeting room.
Once Purity found HR and was filling out the stack of forms Jocelyn placed in front of her, Purity reflected on what had drawn her to the job opportunity at The Kids’ Place. She first heard about the organization when Courtney held a workshop there for blended families. Court brought a brochure with her when the three women gathered at Pure’s house for movie night and it had inadvertently ended up in between the couch cushions.
The pamphlet was chock full of information about The Kids’ Place. Purity thought their tagline, Where Kids Can Be Kids, was intriguing. The main building had a day care, an after school activity center, and an education wing with access to books, DVDs, CDs, computers and the internet. A building toward the back housed a swimming pool, exercise facilities, a track, and even included indoor tennis courts. The third building held the counseling center, financial assistance and the administration offices.
If you had a child one minute old or one day shy of eighteen years old, The Kids’ Place had something to offer them at little or no charge. Of course, that meant they had to find ways to pay for services. That’s where the events coordinator came in. Sure, the agency applied for grants and state assistance to help fund their programs, but the more money they could raise themselves, the more self-sustainable the organization would be.
When Purity saw the job posting in the local newspaper, her heart skipped a beat. She knew she wanted it immediately.
Purity completed the last of the new-hire paperwork and headed for the office. It would really be hers now. It was no longer her temporary space.
Purity Indigo Zyetta, events coordinator of The Kids’ Place. It had a lovely ring to it.
Purity was in her office reading her job description and wondering who her direct supervisor would be. Surely it wouldn’t be Mark Watterson, since he was the president. No sooner had the thought crossed her mind than Sheila Martin appeared at her door.
“Knock, knock,” Sheila said.
“Come in, Sheila,” Pure responded, noticing the files Sheila was carrying.
“I thought you’d like to review some of the events we’ve had in the past couple of years.” Sheila placed the files on Purity’s desk. “I don’t know if anyone told you, but you’ll be reporting directly to Judd Broadstreet. His official title is vice president of financial planning.”
Sheila placed an organizational flow chart in front of Purity. It had Mark Watterson’s name at the top as president, then the eight board members and then four vice-presidents. Pure thought the flow chart looked very top heavy. Of course, that was the case with most organizations, but she had hoped that The Kids’ Place would be different. She hated when so much of the money an agency collected went to high salaries rather than resources for the people they were trying to serve.
The organizational chart was a single page and she noted that support staff was not included. Was that an oversight?
“Sheila, how long have you worked here?”
“A little over eight years.”
“Do you like working here?”
Sheila sat down in a chair opposite Purity, “Mostly yes,” she said earnestly. “The pay is okay, although I wish it were more. I haven’t had an increase, other than cost of living, since I was hired. I could sure use a few more days off a year, too, but other than that I like the work. Honestly, Purity, I’ve had a couple of bosses who were really not team players and that just drags everyone down.” Sheila hoped she wasn’t being too honest with the woman she hoped would not only be her new boss, but a new friend.
“I’ve been there,” Pure replied knowingly. “My last job was like that. I was working as an assistant to the executive director of a foundation. No matter how hard anyone worked, the only person who took credit was the director. It made us all mad as hell, but what could we do? Finally, we all banded together and quit. Of course, new people were hired, but we just decided we weren’t going to contribute our knowledge and skills to an agency that didn’t value or acknowledge our contributions.”
“It will be nice to have a real team player on board,” Sheila said, reassured by Purity’s words and actions.
“How long has Alex McCallister been a board member?”
“Let’s see,” Sheila began thinking back to who was around when Alex accepted the invitation to be a board member. “Must be about five years ago. Mark Watterson solicited his service the first year he was president. They’re old college buddies.”
“Is he married?” Purity knew she sounded like a school girl, but she couldn’t help it. Alex wore a gold band on his wedding ring finger and she just needed to know if he was off limits.
“Yes. Well, actually yes and no. He’s been trying to get a divorce for a couple of years now, but his wife is being stubborn about the whole thing. Are you interested in him?”
“Dating co-workers is usually frowned upon.”
“That’s not what I asked you.” Sheila caught the evasive answer with ease.
Pure met Sheila’s gaze. “Yes, I’m interested.”
“From what I know about Alex, he’s a loyal kind of guy. Until the divorce is final, he’ll be wearing that ring.”
Judd Broadstreet appeared in Purity’s office doorway. “When you get a minute, Purity, I’d like to meet with you and go over a few things.”
“Sure, Mr. Broadstreet.”
“Call me Judd, everyone does.”
Directing his attention to Sheila, Judd asked, “Sheila, will you set Purity up with an orientation to the facility and our programs? I want her to know everything about us so she can answer questions confidently when she’s out in the field.”
“I’ll arrange it right now,” Sheila said, slipping past Judd and heading to her desk to schedule a meeting between Purity and Sally Murphy, the vice president of communications. Sally always had the latest information on programs, events and the latest gossip, as well.
Pure gathered a legal pad, a pen and her calendar and followed Judd into his office. Purity made herself comfortable in one of the thick leather chairs. She wondered how much money had been spent on the furniture when simple cloth covered seating would be more cost effective.
“Starry, Starry Night,” Judd said.
“Pardon me?”
“Starry, Starry Night. It’s the theme of our winter fundraiser. We do it every year. Sheila probably has a file with all the information on what’s been done in year’s past. The basic gist is that we get some top name stars to show up, sign autographs and take photos, and we charge a hefty admission price. The celebrities get exposure for doing a good deed, people are thrilled to meet the stars, and we get a nice chunk of change to put in our coffers.”
“When’s the date?”
“First Saturday in December.”
“I’ll get right on it,” Purity commented, thinking that four months was hardly enough notice for a celebrity to make a commitment to being at a charity event. She would have liked to give them at least a year’s notice. Publicity would need to go out months in advance if they wanted a good turnout, and a good profit. She’d just have to work with what she was given.
“In the meantime,” Judd continued, “we have the Garden Party in August, our annual Back-To-School Carnival Labor Day weekend, and we need to get something planned for Halloween and Thanksgiving.”
Suddenly Purity was feeling very overwhelmed. Five events in four months.
Shifting topics, Purity asked, “Judd, what is your policy about raises?”
“You want a raise already?”
“No, not me. I was thinking about Sheila Martin. She’s carried a heavy load for several years without any monetary compensation. Is it possible to give her an increase?”
“How long has she been employed here?”
“Around eight years.”
“I’ll check into it and get back to you. We like to reward loyalty and hard work. If Sheila Martin has been displaying both, she definitely merits a raise.”
“Thanks for checking, Judd,” Purity responded, rising from her chair and reaching across Judd’s desk to shake his hand. “I’m excited to get started.” And, scared to death, Purity thought to herself as she exited Judd’s office and made her way through the corridor back to her office. One thing at a time. First she needed to talk with Sheila, then go through the old files, and make a to-do list. Everything seemed more organized when she had a to-do list.
Purity almost walked straight into Alex McCallister.
“Whoa there,” Alex said, putting his arm out to stop their bodies from colliding.
A bit stunned by their close proximity, Purity stared into Alex’s electric blue eyes. His dark unruly hair was defiantly sticking out above his suit collar. The lips Purity had dreamt about earlier in the week were intoxicatingly close.
“Sorry,” Pure said. “Guess I wasn’t watching where I was going.”
“No harm, no foul.”
Damn that ring, Pure thought. Damn it to hell.

Chapter Four

Sheila and Purity spent the better part of the day going over event details, searching through files and figuring out each other’s work styles. Purify found Sheila to be efficient and highly capable. It was obvious that many of the contacts she made over the years were loyal to her.
“Sheila, why didn’t you apply for the events coordinator position?”
“I don’t have a college degree.” Sheila lowered her gaze, scrutinizing the pen in her hand, embarrassment weighing heavily on her shoulders.
“Neither do I.”
“You don’t?” Sheila’s head rose quickly. “But, I saw the job posting and it required a degree.”
“I saw that, too, but I applied anyway. Sometimes experience, a solid work history and excellent references can persuade a potential employer to hire you.”
The words echoed in Sheila’s ears. She had practically been doing the events coordinator’s job for the past six years. Sheila thought about applying for the job, but when she saw the degree requirement, she just pushed the notion aside, like she had so many other times with jobs she felt she wasn’t educated enough to qualify for.
“You have great skills, Sheila,” Pure interrupted Sheila’s thoughts. “Don’t sell yourself short. If, at any time, you decide that you want a job higher up on the proverbial ladder, just let me know. I’ll write you a stellar recommendation.” Purity quickly added, “Not that I’m trying to get rid of you, far from it. I just want you to be fulfilled in your work. It’s more than a job, you know?”
Sheila did know, and nodded her head. She’d never had a supervisor who actually cared about her well-being. Working with Purity Zyetta was turning into one of the most pleasant work arrangements Sheila had ever known.
“We haven’t taken a break all day. Want to go out for some food and a drink?” Purity asked Sheila.
“Definitely,” Sheila replied, “and the first drink’s on me, boss!”
“You’re on,”
The two women put their work stations in order, turned off their computers and agreed to take separate cars to the Olive Garden restaurant about a mile up the road.
Purity was looking forward to getting to know more about her co-worker, as was Sheila. They laughed, drank, and shared stories over their chicken parmesan and angel hair pasta.
As they parted ways to head home for the night, Purity realized she hadn’t called her friends to let them know she got the job. One thing happened after another and it all snowballed so quickly, she had simply forgotten.
After calling Courtney, Meg and Tapestry, and receiving lots of celebratory attaboys, Pure was once again at her front door being welcomed into her calm oasis.
It was exciting to think about the upcoming events. She really wanted Courtney to help her with the Halloween-themed event. She would come up with the most creepy and wonderful ideas that would thrill the kids. The adults may not be as pleased by Court’s off-beat expressions of creativity, but the kids always responded enthusiastically.
She wanted Tapestry to help with the outdoor Garden Party, especially the decorations. Apparently last year they had roses for centerpieces and lavender and vanilla scented candles. Not only did it draw bees to the arrangements, the aromas clashed terribly and it made many people so nauseous they couldn’t eat their meal. Not to mention the disastrous results that could ensue if someone had an allergic reaction or was asthmatic. No, there would be no scented candles or scented flowers at the Garden Party this year.
Pure remembered Sheila’s recounting of the tale and how she was blamed for making the decision about the centerpieces. Her face flushed with anger at receiving a reprimand for something she hadn’t even been in charge of.
Pure really hoped that Judd Broadstreet would be able to work it out so Sheila received a raise.
Injustice was one of the things that irritated Purity to no end. If you worked hard and tried to live your life with integrity, honor, honesty and kindness, it just seemed like life should treat you the same way. Of course, it didn’t always work that way, Pure knew, but she still tried to make her little corner of the world as fair as possible.
Purity was awakened in the middle of the night. Was it another flashback? She wasn’t drenched in sweat and her heart wasn’t palpitating. She heard a sound coming from just outside her window. As she peeked through her window blinds, she saw a kitten covered in orange, black and white fur. It was whining sorrowfully.
No, she said to herself, I can’t have a pet. It would cost me a $300 deposit and $50 a month. No pets. She left the window and crawled back into bed. The kitty continued its lonely song. Pure knew she had earplugs some place, but where? She didn’t want a cat. She didn’t need a cat. She was not going to let it get to her.
The sound stopped. “Thank God,” Purity said aloud.
She settled back into a comfortable position and was almost asleep when she heard barking. Her eyes flew open. The kitten was so little. Images of a big dog barreling down on the sweet little kitty and chomping hard gave her feet flight. Before she knew it, Pure had turned off her alarm system and was opening the sliding glass door.
“Kitty, kitty,” Purity called into the night. “Here, kitty, kitty. Come on sweetie. Kitty, kitty.”
Crap! She’d have to traipse through the low brush and trees and she hadn’t put on any slippers. Pure headed into the quasi-jungle, still trying to coerce the kitty out into the open.
The dog turned to face her, snapping and snarling. Pure didn’t want to take her eyes off the dog, but she wondered where the kitten was. She scanned the ground, but didn’t see it anywhere.
“You better not have hurt that kitten or you will have me to answer to, buster!” Purity yelled loudly, shaking her finger at the dog menacingly.
If a dog could laugh, then this one did. There was not one ounce of fear in the canine’s eyes.
In her peripheral vision, Purity saw something move and realized it must be the kitten. All right, she thought, this calls for drastic measures.
Waving her hands around wildly and jumping up and down, Pure yelled, “Get! Get out of here! Go! You mangy mutt! Go on!” Purity ran toward the dog, stomping her feet and trying to appear much larger than her five foot four inch frame. Then Pure screamed, “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!”
The dog either thought she was crazy or just got tired of the game, but it ran off, barking as it went.
Purity quickly came forward and scooped the kitten up in her arms. It looked to be about three months old and was shivering.
“Poor little thing. Were you scared?” Pure soothed, “It’s okay now. Everything is going to be just fine. That big, bad dog is gone and he’s not coming back. You’re safe with me.” Purity took the kitty inside and wrapped it in a small blanket. She got a bowl out of the cupboard and put some water in it. The kitten drank thirstily. She found a can of tuna, opened it and used a fork to mash it up until it was almost smooth like a paste. The kitten ate feverishly.
She’d need to get some kitten food tomorrow. And a litter box, and some toys and… Pure sighed. “I guess I’ve got a cat. What should we name you little one?”
You’re getting ahead of yourself, her brain kicked in. This kitten could belong to someone. Remember the kitten you saw the kids playing with the other day? The markings were almost a spot on match. You need to post signs and check with the apartment manager to see if anyone has lost a cat.
Dang if that sweet little thing hadn’t already nestled itself right into her heart.
Mark Watterson was determined to beat Alex McCallister at this week’s competition, ahem, game of tennis. The two men gathered once a week for a game of something-or-other ever since Alex agreed to be a board member at The Kids’ Place. It was one of those overcast days when the skies were filled with grey clouds and the temperature just a bit too warm. Perfect for outdoor tennis.
“You’re going down this time, McCallister.” Mark threatened his friend while he bounced a tennis ball on the court a couple of times.
“Are you suffering from daydreams again, Watterson?” Alex countered.
“The only dreams I’m having are ones involving you knee-deep in soapy water washing my dirt-encrusted pick-up truck when you lose today.”
“You should spend more time thinking about that toothbrush you’re gonna be using to clean my Harley.”
“Are you tough guys going to play or yack all day?” Purity interrupted their banter.
Alex had been avoiding Purity Zyetta. He didn’t like the way his heart raced when she was around and that light lavender perfume she wore seemed to follow him around. It was damn disconcerting.
“Purity,” Mark Watterson addressed his newest employee. “Good to see you. Do you play tennis?”
“I haven’t for quite some time, but I used to hold my own on the court.”
“We’ll have to play a few rounds,” Mark stated. “Is there something I can do for you?”
“Yes,” Purity said, crossing over to the other side of the court in her bare feet so her high heels wouldn’t damage the court. “I need your signature on this voucher, since it’s over two thousand dollars.”
“What’s it for?” Alex suddenly became interested.
“It’s for the Garden Party food,” Purity explained, a bit annoyed that Alex was putting his nose in her business. After all, she wasn’t seeking his signature or approval. “Everyone loved Marsha Persimmony’s catering so well we’re going to use her services again.” Purity handed the voucher and a pen to the president. He reviewed the voucher, signed his name and handed the paperwork and pen back to Pure.
“The food at the last event was terrific,” Alex said a bit begrudgingly.
Did her lips have to look so inviting? And, her feet, for crying out loud, she had the prettiest feet he’d ever seen. Her toenails were painted a light pink and her skin was smooth.
“I’m looking forward to the event,” Alex said, then promptly turned and headed back to the other side of the net. He needed to clear his head and put thoughts of Purity Zyetta out of his brain.
“He’s got a lot on his mind,” Mark said. “I’m about to beat the daylights out of him and he’s going to spend hours washing my truck.”
“I also wanted to thank you,” Purity said, knowing the men were anxious to begin their game, but not wanting to miss the opportunity to express her gratitude. “Judd told me that Sheila Martin’s raise was approved and that several employees received significant increases after you encouraged him to do some research and then bring a proposal before the board. I know it will make a big difference in Sheila’s life, and I’m sure in other people’s lives, as well.”
“I was glad to do it. I’ve always thought hard work should be acknowledged and rewarded. The board feels the same way.”
“Well, it does my heart good to know I’m working for an agency that respects and honors its workers. Thanks, again, for the signature on the voucher. I’ll leave you two to your match.”
“No more delays, Watterson,” Alex resumed his good-natured ribbing. “A pretty woman isn’t going to divert my attention from the game.”
Pretty woman? Was he referring to her? A thrill shot up Purity’s spine. Could it be possible that Alex McCallister was interested in her as much as she was interested in him? As she sat on the bench near the chain link fenced entry to the court, she watched Alex’s muscles flex and relax as he bounced on the balls of his feet and reached for a perfectly executed slice.
She took her time putting her shoes back on. In fifteen to twenty minutes Mr. McCallister would have a nice little sheen of sweat covering his toned body. Pure reluctantly headed back to her office. She would much rather have a cold drink in her hand and offer to be scorekeeper for the competitive event. Maybe another day.
Thank God she was finally out of eyesight. Alex could feel Pure watching him and it was all he could do to pretend she didn’t exist.
In the old days it would have been easy. He had hardly ever been in The Kids’ Place office. Nowadays, he seemed to be involved in many of the organizations activities. It was the way he wanted it. Not a week went by that he wasn’t in the office or offering his services in the sports or computer areas.
Having money was something Alex didn’t talk about much. When you inherited your money, everyone seemed to think you weren’t capable of earning it. He’d always worked and his father had instilled a blue collar work ethic in him. A hard day’s work equaled a hard day’s pay. Just because he got lucky and didn’t have to be employed, didn’t mean he was going to sit on his ass and do nothing all day.
A college educated man, Alex knew that there were things schooling could not teach you: integrity, honesty, loyalty, self-worth, and pride in a job well done. He never made a commitment he didn’t keep and that earned him a handful of devoted friends, one of whom was Mark Watterson.
After the best two out of three games were played, Alex and Mark shook hands. Mark had conveniently placed a key in his palm and transferred it to Alex’s hand during the handshake.
“You can come by any time and wash her up.” Mark’s eyes were shining with glee at being this weeks’ winner.
“I’ll come by this evening,” Alex said. “Basketball next week?”
“You’re on.”
Purity spent the better half of her morning making flyers to post around the apartment complex, complete with a picture of the kitten, where it had been found and her contact information.
The apartment manager said no one had come into the office or called saying they were missing a pet and they weren’t aware of any female cats that were having litters. They did say that Mrs. Armstrong’s cat, Coco, was due in a couple of weeks, but she wasn’t in labor yet.
Purity was glad, even though she didn’t show it. She hadn’t wanted a pet, but that kitten was so darn sweet.
Pure had the kitten with her, she was so little she hardly weighed anything and she couldn’t bear to leave her all alone in an empty apartment.
Next stop was her local pet store to get supplies. Names for the kitten had been flooding her thoughts: Pyewacket, Willow, Isabella, Annie. Nothing seemed to be just right.
“What do you want to be called little one?” Purity asked the kitten as she made her way out of the store to her car.
Her question was met with a purr and a trusting gaze.
“I’m on my own, huh?”
Meg was scurrying to tidy up her desk before leaving to meet Purity for lunch at their favorite Thai restaurant. She knew she should have begun the task sooner, but she was in the middle of a project and wanted to get all the figures entered before heading out.
Pure said she had a surprise to show her, and Meg’s curiosity was piqued. Knowing Purity, it could be just about anything.
As she maneuvered her gold Honda through the light mid-day traffic, Meg thought about starting her own accounting firm. She’d been thinking about it for years, and saying she was going to quit her job for years, too. She hadn’t done either, yet.
She knew Courtney and Purity thought she’d stay with her current employer until she retired, but she was growing more and more restless. Her ideas were poo-poo’d and she definitely wasn’t given the credit she deserved.
The thought was terrifying, though. What if she couldn’t get any clients? What if she screwed up their accounts somehow? She’d have to do all the work herself. She did have the option of partnering with Geoffrey Montgomery, but his work ethic left Meg cold. He came in when he wanted, left when he wanted, and spent most of his time enjoying life and having fun. He just didn’t take the work seriously enough.
She had to admit, she was a bit jealous of Geoff’s free-wheeling attitude. She also had a bit of a crush on him. That’s fine in her personal life, but it only mucks things up when it comes to business. So why did the thought keep pushing itself to the forefront of her brain?
Meg pulled into the parking space at the restaurant and walked the short distance to its entrance. She saw Purity immediately as the place wasn’t very large. The food was always delicious and it was quiet, two things the women loved when they wanted to talk about life while they ate.
“Hey, Pure,” Meg said as she slid into the opposite side of the comfortable booth.
“Hey, Meggie. I ordered you a Coke.”
“Thanks,” Meg said, thinking she could use the hit of caffeine and she hated the taste of diet drinks.
Meg had the menu memorized, as did Pure, yet they still perused it every time they came there to eat. As Meg was studying the list of entrees, something soft brushed her arm. She jumped and looked down at the table where her arm lay.
“Where did you get the kitty?” Meg lifted the kitten off the table and into her arms, snuggling it close to her chin.
“She showed up outside my bedroom window last night. A dog wanted to eat her.”
“This cute little thing?” Looking directly into the kitten’s eyes, Meg said, “Did some big, bad dog try to eat you? You’re just so cute. Yes you are. Yes you are.”
The waitress came up to the table to take their order and spent a few minutes cooing over the wee kitty.
Meg held the kitten during the entire lunch. As Purity watched how Meggie and the kitten bonded with one another, it became clear to her that Meg was in love.
Purity could feel her heart breaking just a little bit as she said, “Surprise! Meet your new housemate.”
Meg’s eyes shot open wide. “For me? But I thought you were going to keep her?”
“I was, Meggie, but you two look perfect together and look how comfortable she is with you. I want you to have her. Besides, you have a more regular work schedule than I do and I think stability is important for pets.”
“Then I know just what I’ll name her.”
“What?”
“We have to live with it a while, to make sure it’s the right name. We’ll tell you in a couple days,” Meg replied.
Meg was definitely the right choice to be little calico kitty’s new owner. And, as one of Meg’s best friends, she’d have visiting rights. It was a win-win.
The week went by quickly for Purity and by the weekend she was ready for some down time with Court and Meggie. The three women were each bringing their favorite movie over to Pure’s apartment, along with some type of salad to accompany Purity’s famous roasted chicken.
As everyone said their hello’s and exchanged hugs, Courtney was introduced to Misha, the sweet little calico kitten Purity had rescued and then given to Meg.
“How did you come up with the name?” Purity asked.
“It’s Russian for friendship,” Meg explained.
Pure gave Meggie a hug and said, “It’s perfect!”
Indeed, it seemed that the kitten not only liked the name, but was developing her personality rapidly after receiving it. Courtney snatched Misha out of Meg’s arms almost immediately and then placed her inside a paper bag that was tipped on its side and laying on the floor. Court was tapping the end of the bag and running her fingers across the opening. Misha was batting at Courtney’s fingers furiously.
“I think we have a little attention whore on our hands,” Courtney proclaimed as Misha poked her tiny face out of the bag to make sure all eyes were on her and then scurried back inside her playground.
“I’ve decided to quit my job and start my own accounting firm,” Meg dropped the bomb on the two unsuspecting friends.
“Really?” Court asked, not quite sure whether to believe her friend, although the look in her eyes was new, and determined.
“It is so past the time when I should have done this.”
“This is so exciting, Meg!” Purity beamed at her friend and gave her a big smile and a heartfelt hug.
“I found some space in an office building for $325 a month. It’s just a little space, but I think it will be perfect for what I need.” Meg paused. “I’m terrified, thrilled, and I want to throw up.”
“Like that time on the spinning tubs?” Courtney offered. “Remember??
“I remember,” Meg said, the reminisce burned into her brain. “It’s exactly like that!”
The trio were all lost in the past for a moment as the vision of Meg puking into the bushes after spinning around so fast her head felt like it was going to fly right off. Her stomach contents were not sure which way was up or down. Meg loved carnivals and fairs and was the first one to start spinning the circular amusement ride. Of course, Courtney and Purity had joined right in. Before they knew it, they were all feeling a bit green around the gills, although Meg was the only one who tossed her cookies. Half an hour later, all three of them were on the ride again, with Meg stating defiantly that it wasn’t going to get the best of her! This time no one vomited. Meg had been triumphant.
If she wanted to venture out on her own, Courtney and Purity knew Meg could do it and they’d be right there to help in any way they could.
“Meg, I bet Tapestry would help you decorate your place,” Purity said, knowing how much Tap loved to create a warm, welcoming space.
“What about me?” Court asked, slightly insulted. “I’m creative and I know how to decorate.”
“She doesn’t want shrunken heads and castrated penis art, Court,” Purity said, smothering a giggle.
“I resent that,” Courtney began.
Meg interrupted her by saying, “I’m sure you’d do a great job, Court. But you’re right, Pure, I’m looking for a business-like atmosphere with just a touch of whimsy.”
“I can be whimsical,” Courtney muttered under her breath, still playing with Misha. “At least the cat loves me.”
“Oh, Court,” Purity said, joining her friend on the floor and showering her with kisses and hugs. “We love you! We just don’t want you to decorate our places of work. You can decorate my home any time.”
“Yeah, you say that now. I know how it is. Misha is the only one who understands me,” Courtney said.
Meg joined her friends on the floor and they double-teamed Courtney with I love you’s and hugs and kisses until they were all laughing and the small tiff was forgotten.
“I can’t believe you’re doing this, Meg,” Purity said with joy in her eyes. “I’m really proud of you. I know this is scary, and I also know you’ll be great. You deserve this so much.”
“It’s so nice to have friends I know I can count on.”
“When can we see the place?” Courtney asked.
“Any time you want. I’ve already paid this month’s rent and I’ve got the keys.”
“Let’s go see it now,” Court said.
“Yes!” Purity joined in.
“Okay,” Meg stated, thrilled that her friends were as excited as she was about her new endeavor. She was finally doing what she had dreamed about for so long.
Everyone loaded themselves into Meggie’s car and headed over to her new office space. Meg was right, it was perfect. Not too large and not too small. Goldilocks would be proud.
There was a space for a receptionist, although Meg wouldn’t be availing herself of any kind of secretarial service until she got established. Meg pictured a round table where she would meet with clients and, of course, she’d need to purchase a desk for herself. The space also had a small storage area and restrooms down the hall.
“It’s fabulous, Meg!” Courtney told her friend.
“We need to do some kind of blessing,” Purity said, “of the office and of your new venture.”
“It can’t hurt,” Meg responded. Purity was always the first to say they should bless this or pray about that. When their friend, Allison, moved into her home, which was a serious fixer-upper, Pure had suggested that her friends come over and write messages of love and wishes for Allison’s future all over the walls before they were painted. The party had been great fun. Every time Meg went to Allison’s house, she was reminded that lying just below the surface of paint were all the well wishes and blessings of her friends.
It didn’t take long for the group to make their way back to Pure’s apartment. The smell of roasting chicken inflamed their appetites as soon as they walked in the door.
“Oh my gosh, I hope that chicken is done. I could eat the whole thing,” Courtney said, heading directly for the oven to sneak a peek at the golden brown bird.
“It should be just about done. What does the timer say?” Pure asked.
Before Courtney could answer, the buzzer on the timer went off.
“Yea!” Courtney said, her mouth already salivating.
“Let me just check the temperature with the thermometer real quick,” Purity commented.
“Smells done,” Meg said, “I’ll get the salad out of the fridge.”
“I’ll set the table,” Courtney joined in.
There was a flurry of activity as preparations were made to enjoy their feast. All three women assumed their regular positions on the living room floor, using the coffee table as their dining surface.
They all joined hands and said a prayer of thanksgiving for the food, Meg’s new business, their new friend, Misha, and the blessing of their friendship.
“Hey, did you hear that Mrs. Cravens is finally selling her home?” Meg asked.
“Oh, is she really?” Courtney said sadly. “I wish one of her kids would buy it, but they’re spread out all over the place now.”
“Pure, didn’t you say you were looking to buy a house?” Meg queried.
“Yes, but Mrs. Cravens’ house is so big. I don’t need all that space.”
“I don’t know, seems to me if someone had that much space, they’d find a way to fill it up,” Courtney stated.
“Like with babies,” Meg said pointedly to Purity.
“I can’t even keep house plants alive, Meggie, let alone human beings.” Meg and Purity had the “you should be a mom” conversation about every three to four months. Pure wanted to fire back with, “When are you going to have babies?” but she couldn’t. Meg wasn’t able to carry a baby to term. There was some hereditary thing that Purity didn’t quite understand. She would never be so cruel as to tease Meg about having children when she wasn’t actually able to. That would just be mean.
“You’re not getting any younger you know,” Courtney said to Purity.
“Well, thank you very much,” Pure replied. “Neither are you, may I remind you.”
Courtney laughed, she knew that’s what Purity would say. She was so predictable.


Chapter Five

Everything for the Garden Party, which was only two days away, was falling apart. The flowers Purity ordered were delivered, but the color was wrong, Kathy’s Rentals didn’t have enough chairs, Marsha Persimmony was waiting for a return call with the confirmed number of guests and Sheila couldn’t find the RSVP list, and it was too damn hot.
The air conditioning at The Kids’ Place was on the fritz and the heat wasn’t doing anything for Purity’s mood. She could feel the sweat trickling down her back.
Sheila Martin buzzed Pure on the intercom to let her know the members of the jazz band booked for the event had eaten some catered food at their last gig and ended up with food poisoning. They had to cancel.
“Of course,” Purity replied, her frustration leaking through her normally calm facade.
That’s all she needed. This was going to go down as the extravaganza that wasn’t. She had let everyone down, including herself. She just had too many balls in the air at once to keep them all airborne.
“How’s it going?” Alex McCallister’s voice grated on the one nerve Purity had left.
“Dandy. Wonderful. Terrific. If you want a party with no place to sit, no food, no centerpieces and no music.” Pure reached for a tissue to wipe the perspiration off her neck and the inside of her elbows.
“Sounds like my kind of party.” Alex had a humorous glint in his eye.
 “You think this is funny?” Pure stood up, then came around her desk to stand within a foot of Alex’s body as he leaned casually against the doorjamb.
“Amusing,” he replied, “not funny.”
Purity’s eyes darkened and her nostrils flared as her anger, annoyance and disappointment in herself finally found a target for release.
“Did you come here for a purpose, Mr. McCallister? You see, unlike you, some people have to work for a living. Do you like spending all your free time poking your nose in where it doesn’t belong?”
Not one to back away from a challenge, nor one to have his integrity questioned, Alex replied, “The Kids’ Place is my business and may I remind you, Ms. Zyetta, that I am a board member of this organization and have the ability to hire and fire employees.”
Alex knew it was a direct hit by the way Purity physically took a step backward; however, he also saw the defiant tilt of her chin.
“Was that supposed to be a threat, Mr. McCallister?” Pure put her hands on her hips and stood her ground.
“Call it what you want. All I care about is that the Garden Party is a success for the agency. I don’t care how it happens, just make it happen.” Alex turned to leave Purity’s office.
Purity shot forward like a bullet being fired from a gun. She maneuvered herself around Alex so they were now facing each other in the hallway.
“You think I don’t want it to be a success?” Purity practically yelled, knowing she should keep her mouth shut and go back into her office, but also knowing she was beyond out of control and swiftly passing into the this-kind-of-behavior-could-get-you-fired territory.
“I have worked day and night to get this event ready, plus working on all of the other events planned for this year. No wonder you have such a high turnover in this job, you use people up and toss them aside when they’re all burnt out! No one can keep up this pace and yet you have the audacity to casually walk into my office and tell me that you don’t give a rat’s behind about how things get done, you just want them done. Well, let me tell you something Mr. I-Can-Hire-And-Fire Board Member, I quit!”
With the words hanging in the air, Purity spun around and headed for the main entry doors of the building. She was fuming. The kind of anger that you know is misguided and you can’t even feel self-righteous about it. You know you’ve crossed a line and there’s no going back. And, you also know you were dead wrong, feeling overwhelmed, and too afraid everyone would think you were a loser if you asked for help.
By the time Purity made it to her car, hot tears were falling down her cheeks and the deep heaving of her breath was enough to make her feel as if she was choking. She hadn’t been mad at Alex, it was the stress of the situation and feeling inept. She hated feeling inept.
Purity pounded her hands on the side of her car. She hadn’t stopped to grab her purse. She couldn’t even get in her car and drive away.
“Damn it to hell!” She’d have to actually go back inside and get her bag. Pure sighed, not even trying to stave off the tears. Her jagged sobs emptying the past month’s anxiety from her body. After several deep breaths, she finally felt her lungs fill with air.
What had she just done? Not only had she quit a job she loved, she had insulted the very man she’d spent so many hours dreaming about.
“Feel better?” Alex McCallister asked.
She couldn’t look at him. What could she possibly say? She had questioned his integrity. Well, he shouldn’t have laughed, Pure thought, knowing the weight of her judgment was slim at best. She had been at fault and she would need to be the one to make amends, even if she didn’t get her job back.
“Yes and no,” Purity replied, still facing her car. “I’m sorry. I was way out of line. Actually, I couldn’t even see the line.” Purity took a deep breath, then forced herself to turn and look into Alex’s eyes.
“I’m sorry,” Pure said again.
“You said that.”
Purity felt her back straighten at his remark. “Well you could say you forgive me.”
“Nothing to forgive,” Alex said matter-of-factly. “Want to go get a drink?”
“What?”
“I said, do you want to go get a drink?”
“I just yelled at you and quit my job and you want to go for a drink?”
“Yeah. It’s damn hot. Everybody’s nerves are on edge. They’re supposed to get the AC fixed this afternoon.”
“Not to beat a dead horse or anything, but what about all the things I just said to you?”
“Everybody needs to let off a little steam now and again.”
“So, I still have my job?” Purity asked, not realizing she was holding her breath while waiting for his reply.
“If you want it.”
“I do. Really, I do.” After a brief pause and a sigh, Purity said, “Can I take a rain check on the drink? I really have a lot of work to do.”
“Sure.”
“Alex,” Purity said, putting her hand on his arm. ‘I really am sorry.”
“It’s okay, Purity,” Alex said, placing his hand on top of hers.
With her head clearer and her body less tense, Purity headed for her office. She made a mental to-do list: the flowers were the wrong shade, but no one at the event would know they weren’t supposed to be that color, they could borrow chairs from the cafeteria on site, she’d make a guess at the number of RSVPs, and she’d call Tapestry and get Chance’s number as he played guitar in a blues band. Sometimes good enough just had to be good enough.
“I found it!” Sheila met Purity at her office door.
“Found what?”
“The RSVP list. Our total is 374.”
“Will you call Marsha Persimmony and…”
“I’m on it,” Sheila replied before Purity could even finish her sentence.
“And, will you call the cafeteria and see if we can borrow their chairs?”
“Consider it done,” Sheila answered as she continued to dial the number for Persimmony’s Catering.
“We’re throwing us a Garden Party!” Purity said aloud as she headed back to her desk and reached for the phone.
It was almost ten-thirty p.m. when all the loose ends that could be tied up were tied up. Purity knew there would be more tomorrow, the day before the Garden Party, but for now, all was well.
The night air felt thick and muggy. The weather had been so unpredictable this year. Pure put her key into her car lock and got inside.
She knew Alex McCallister wouldn’t still be hanging around The Kids’ Place, but she wished she could take him up on his drink offer. She had all the board members home phone numbers. She could call him.
Pure knew a relationship with Alex wasn’t wise, and yet he must like her, too, at least a little. She remembered the way his hand felt on hers earlier in the day and the way her skin sang from his touch.
She reached into her briefcase and found the list of board members home phone numbers, then grabbed her cell phone. “He’s probably asleep,” she muttered to herself.
“Hello?” Alex answered on the second ring.
“Hi, Alex, it’s Purity Zyetta. I know it’s a bit late, but I’m just leaving the office and wondered if you still wanted to have that drink?” Purity was thankful he couldn’t see her face at the moment.
The pause was too long. Pure knew he was going to say no.
“Sure. I’ll swing by and pick you up,” Alex replied, surprised and delighted to hear Purity’s voice on the other end of the line.
“Oh no, that’s okay. I’ve got my car. I can meet you some place.”
“Okay,” Alex relented, his thoughts of having a moonlit kiss dashed. “I’ll meet you at Big Shotz. It’s just a few blocks from The Kids’ Place. You go up a block to Lexington and then take a right and it will be on your left.”
“Got it. I’ll meet you there in a few minutes,” Purity responded, smiling uncontrollably as she hung up her phone.
“I’m going to have a drink with Alex McCallister.” She said his last name slowly, allowing the syllables to melt on her tongue.
Purity arrived at the club within five minutes of their conversation. She was glad she had time to visit the ladies room and check her appearance before Alex showed up.
She found a table in eyesight of the front door and to the right side a bit. The club had that haze all clubs seem to get from too much liquor, cigarette smoke, desperation deep in the night and band members filled with dreams of making it big.
She knew when he arrived immediately. She felt his presence. Her eyes followed the feeling. He was dressed in jeans and a black t-shirt. Purity didn’t need to be within breathing distance of him to know his scent would send shivers down her spine.
“I’m glad you called,” Alex began, pulling a chair out from under the table and sitting down.
“I wasn’t sure you’d be home, or awake,” Purity said, suddenly feeling as if Alex could read her thoughts.
“I’m usually in bed by eleven,” Alex said, his gaze shifting as the waitress approached their table. “What would you like to drink, Purity? Are you hungry?”
“Rum and Coke, and some mozzarella sticks. I just realized I really am hungry. Sheila and I worked right through dinner.”
“I’ll have whiskey with a beer chaser,” Alex told the blonde in the too-tight outfit. “Is everything coming together for the party?”
“Yes, I’m happy to say. A lot of things needed to be changed at the last minute, but it seems like it’s all going to work out. I’m so glad we didn’t print specifics about the band on the invitations, they ended up getting food poisoning and we had to change from jazz music to the blues.”
Alex was eyeing her closely. It was making Purity uncomfortable. Pure gathered up her courage. “Alex, may I ask you something?”
“Shoot.” Alex’s fingers had begun to itch. If he hadn’t made that promise to stop smoking back when his brother quit, he’d light one up right now. You quit, I quit. He remembered the words vividly. That was almost seven years ago.
“I like you. I liked you from the first moment I saw you.” Purity wanted to look away from those intense eyes, but she felt hypnotized. “I think we could have something, maybe something amazing, between us.” This was sounding so incredibly stupid. She should have thought this through, written it down and memorized it before just trying to lay her heart out there on the spur of the moment. She’d started the conversation and she was going to finish it. It was already out there now.
Alex leaned forward until their bodies were only inches from one another. “I like you, too,” he said, as the fingers on his right hand caressed Purity’s cheek.
She couldn’t breathe. It felt as if their world had stopped, even as the rest of the club had turned to colors and sound and a lovely dizzying blur.
Alex moved closer and Pure leaned into the invitation. As their lips met, warm sensations flooded her body and she finally breathed in the air that surrounded them. Such a hunger had been building inside her, it threatened to overwhelm them both. Purity had longed to run her fingers through Alex’s dark curly hair and now she was.
Alex’s lips blazed a trail down her throat to her neck and all thoughts were gone. Only feelings existed in this place.
The drinks arrived, as did the mozzarella sticks, but neither noticed. When their lips finally parted, they each felt a bit dazed and their breathing had deepened.
Alex downed the whiskey in one shot as Pure sipped her Rum and Coke. She had started it. When all was said and done and they had gone their separate ways, she only had herself to blame. She was terrible at relationships. The whole trust thing was always her downfall. It was so much easier to trust women. Her alcoholic father had let her down so many times. She reached for a mozzarella stick. The four men she had been in serious relationships with had all let her down.
Jeremy had cheated on her. One strike and you’re out, that was Pure’s motto when it came to cheating. Andrew had lied about, well, everything. Pure hated liars. Sidney, he could have been “the one” but he clung to her like dirt on the bottom of your shoe. She needed to breathe, to have space. And then there was Derek, of course. Purity wondered how Derek’s mother was doing and if she really did have a stroke like Derek said.
“Care to join me?” Alex asked.
Purity’s eyes found Alex’s and she shook her head, “Sorry. Lost in thought.”
“I could tell. From the look on your face I hope those thoughts weren’t of me.”
“No, definitely not thoughts of you.” She leaned over and gave Alex a not-too-quick kiss of reassurance.
“Want to dance?” Alex asked.
“I’d love to.”
The soul-stirring sounds of Summertime were being played by the band and the feel of Alex’s warm, taut body against hers banished all rational thought from Purity’s head. She breathed him into every nook and cranny. They stayed on the dance floor until the band wasn’t playing any more.
“When did they stop playing?” Purity murmured into Alex’s shoulder.
“I have no idea.”
They continued dancing, although no audible music could be heard.
Purity felt a vibration on her left hip. It took a few seconds for the sensation to register. She reached into her suit pocket and retrieved her cell phone. The caller ID displayed Angela’s name.
“Something wrong?” Alex asked.
Pure let the call go to voice mail, but she couldn’t shake the gnawing feeling in the pit of her stomach. They rarely spoke, so it must be something important.
“I need to check this message,” Purity said to Alex, as she removed her arm from around his neck.
Since no music was playing in the club, she could easily hear her voice mail: “Hey, Pure, mom’s in the hospital. They think she had a stroke. I called Bobby. He said he’d be on the first flight out he could get. Okay, bye.”
Purity stood still, taking the information in and letting it settle in her bones. Her sister hadn’t said if the stroke was major, like the one her father had two years ago.
“Is everything okay?” Alex’s words broke through her reverie.
“My mom had a stroke,” she replied. “I need to go to the hospital.”
“I’ll drive you,” Alex said, taking control of the situation.
“No, no, you don’t need to do that. I don’t know how long I’ll be at the hospital and it’s already late.”
“I’m taking you,” Alex stated firmly, he wasn’t going to take no for an answer.
Alex placed his hand on Purity’s elbow to guide her off the dance floor. The contact seemed to bring Purity out of her stunned state.
“No, Alex, really,” she said, pulling her arm out of his grasp. “I’m fine to drive.” What she didn’t say was that she didn’t want Alex anywhere near her dysfunctional family.
“You’re not fine, Purity. You’ve just heard some startling and upsetting news. You shouldn’t be driving.”
Purity put her hand on Alex’s arm. “Really, Alex, I’m okay. The hospital is only fifteen minutes away. I appreciate that you want to help, and you’ll be of more help to me by letting me handle this on my own.”
The words stung Alex. He was only trying to do what was best for Purity. Women always said they wanted a sensitive, caring man and then when you were exactly that, they pushed you away.
“Whatever you want,” Alex said, giving in to Pure’s wishes. “Will you call me when you reach the hospital?”
“Yes. I’ll call,” Purity replied, relieved that he wasn’t going to fight her on the issue.
Purity gathered her belongings and Alex walked her out to her car. The two hugged and shared a brief, tender kiss. “Call me,” Alex reminded.
“I will. I promise,” Purity said, then got into her car and headed for Hope.
Pure’s family had a slew of health issues, so the path to St. Mary’s Gracious Hope Hospital was a familiar one for her to travel. She knew her mother had a carotid artery that was seventy-five percent blocked and she wondered if that had been the cause of her stroke. She might need carotid artery surgery. It would reduce her chances of having another stroke in the future. She sighed deeply. Every time she received one of these telephone calls, Pure felt like she aged another three years. Before long, she’d be older than her parents.
Alex McCallister was worried. He had surrendered and dropped the idea of driving Purity to the hospital, but she hadn’t said he couldn’t follow her to make sure she got there safely.
As he watched Pure’s car pull into the hospital’s parking garage, he breathed a sigh of relief. He wasn’t sure how long she’d be at the hospital and she’d no doubt be tired when she left. He wished she had let him drive her. Now he’d be thinking about her driving home in the early hours of the morning, tired and worried. He thought about parking his car and keeping watch, but it could be hours before she left or she might even decide to stay the night.
As he pondered his options, Alex’s cell phone rang. The display showed that it was Purity calling, just as she had promised.
“Hello.”
“Hi, I’m here at the hospital,” Purity said.
“Thanks for calling to let me know, Purity.”
“No problem.”
“If you need a ride home or if you need to talk or anything, you have my number. Use it.”
“Thank you. You’ve been very kind, Alex, and I appreciate it,” she said, adding, “I’ve called the girls and they’re going to meet me here at the hospital.”
“The girls?”
“My best friends. We’re sort of like The Three Musketeers.”
“Then I won’t worry… as much.”
Purity smiled to herself. This man had definitely carved a little niche in her heart.
“I’ll call with an update when I know more details.”
“I’d appreciate that.”
They said their good-byes and Alex drove home, feeling more at ease knowing that Purity’s friends would be joining her.
Purity took a deep breath and made her way into the hospital. She found her mother’s room. Upon entering, she saw her sister, Angela, sitting in a chair beside her mother’s bed. She was taking money out of her mother’s wallet while her mother slept.
“Hey, how’s mom?”
“Hey,” Angela said, quickly shoving the money she had retrieved into her bag and putting her mother’s purse back in the drawer by the bed. “She’s resting comfortably now.”
“She has good color,” Pure said, more to herself than to her sister. “Does she know she had a stroke?”
“No. She doesn’t really remember having it. The doc said it was a mild one and it hasn’t really affected her. She’s always had trouble with her balance, so that wasn’t because of the stroke, but they still think she should go to rehab. I don’t think she needs it, though. She’s done fine without it for years.”
“Well, I wouldn’t say she’s done fine,” Purity said. Angela often minimized the seriousness of health situations. “She’s had quite a few falls and her carotid artery is seventy-five percent blocked.”
“That’s another thing,” Angela stated. “The vascular surgeon says he wants to clean out the plaque in her corroded artery. He wants to do surgery tomorrow.”
“This is all happening so fast. I mean, she just arrived here at the hospital.”
“Oh, no, she’s been here two days already.”
“Two days? But, you just called me tonight.”
“I meant to call, things were just confused and I forgot.”
Pure wanted to hit something, hard. Who in the hell didn’t tell their sibling for two days when their mother was in the hospital?
Purity felt a hand on her back and she turned to see Meg and Court. She didn’t know tears had been threatening to escape until she saw her friends. They embraced her warmly as emotion fell in watery drops. No words were spoken as she gained renewed strength and hope from these women who knew her better than her own sister.
Courtney and Meg walked with Purity to the waiting area down the hallway. Pure’s lungs felt like they were going to burst.
“She was stealing money from mom’s purse when I walked in,” Purity said.
She didn’t need to tell Meggie or Court who the “she” she was referring to was. It was obviously her sister, Angela, up to her old shenanigans again.
“Mom has been in the hospital for two days and Ang didn’t even call me or Bobby until today. Who does that?” Purity exclaimed, wide-eyed.
The two women had seen their friend in situations similar to this far too many times. There were no words of comfort that would mend or heal. Advice was definitely not wanted. The best thing they could do was listen and make sure Purity took care of herself during this challenging time.
Angela approached the three women and said, “Mom says she wants me to handle all the arrangements and stuff, so you can go home.”
Purity looked at her sister with disbelief. “Mom said that?”
“Yeah, she figures that since I’m helping her out at home, I should be the one to continue to help her.”
Helping her out? Pure wanted to scream. You may be the very reason mom is in the hospital, you twit!
Purity excused herself and went back to her mom’s room to verify that what her sister said was true. It was. Purity told her mom she would honor her wishes and that she loved her, then she left the room.
As Purity made her way back to the waiting room, she wanted details about her mom’s carotid artery surgery. When she entered the area, she asked her sister about it.
“The doctor said he could go either way. Either she could have surgery to remove the plaque or start mom on an aspirin regimen. I told mom I wouldn’t have the surgery and that she shouldn’t have it either. She agrees with me, so she won’t be having surgery. They plan to have her go to rehab, but I don’t think she needs that either. I’m guessing she’ll be back home tomorrow.”
Courtney, Meg and Purity all had a look of disbelief on their face. No one uttered a sound.
Angela said she was heading for the cafeteria to grab a bite to eat and walked toward the row of elevators.
Pure didn’t tell her the cafeteria wouldn’t be open at this time of night.
The small waiting area was filled with unsaid words and thoughts unexpressed.
Finally, Meg’s voice sliced through the thick pause. “Your sister is some piece of work.”
“You said it,” agreed Courtney, glad that someone had broken their trance-like state.
Purity shook her head. “You think I’d be used to all the chaos and confusion she brings with her wherever she goes.”
“What does your brother think of her?” Courtney asked.
“Mostly that she’s an airhead and he doesn’t take anything she says seriously.”
“Well, that’s good, at least,” Meg commented.
To lighten the mood and to change the subject, Courtney inquired, “How’s the Garden Party shaping up?”
“Good,” Pure started. “Actually, it was a huge mess for a while, but now things are all smoothed out. It’s tomorrow.”
“Wow, that came up quickly,” Meg remarked. It seemed like Purity just started working on the project.
“I kissed one of the board members tonight,” Purity blurted out.
“What?” Meg and Court said in unison.
“I hope it was that cutie Alex,” Courtney added.
“It was,” Purity said and then regaled them with her woes about the Garden Party and Alex’s humor at her dismay. She recounted the words she’d flailed at him and that she told him she quit. Pure’s friends listened intently to the part where Purity apologized and they touched hands. Meg’s eyes sparkled as the scene unfolded and Courtney urged her to get to the kissing already.
“Well, well, well,” Court said, when Pure was finished with her tale. “Purity and Alex sittin’ in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g…” she sang.
Meg joined Courtney for the rest of the refrain. “First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes Pure with a baby carriage!”
Purity couldn’t help but join them in the camaraderie. “I don’t know about babies, but there was some serious k-i-s-s-i-n-g going on.”
“Isn’t it taboo to get involved with a co-worker?” Courtney asked.
“Well, technically, Alex doesn’t work for The Kids’ Place, he’s a board member. They don’t get paid, but yeah,” she answered. “I think it is frowned upon.”
“True love will always find a way,” Meg said.
“Always the dreamer,” Courtney commented as she gave Meg’s shoulder a gentle shove.
“Just because you’ve never been in love, you shouldn’t knock it,” Meggie replied.
“I’m not knocking love, I’m knocking you for the googly eyes and that faraway look you get when you talk about love,” Courtney explained. “I don’t see that look on Pure’s face when she’s in love.”
“That’s because I’m jaded,” Purity replied. “I think I’ve only had the look Meg gets one time and then I got burned. That turned me into a realist.” She reached over and gave Meg a hug. “Meg can be the dreamer for us all. We need someone to remind us that love will find a way, dreams really can come true, and the sun will come out tomorrow.”
“The sun will come out…” Courtney began to sing.
“No! Stop!” Meggie put her hand over Courtney’s mouth. ‘I hate that song.”
“How can you hate that song?” Purity asked, with a gleam in her eye.
As Meg began to answer, both Court and Purity began anew. “The sun will come out tomorrow, bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow, there’ll be sun…”
“I’m leaving,” Meg threatened, as the two women burst into laughter.
Their giggles died away and after a brief pause Purity said, “Well, I guess I can go home. Angela’s going to take care of everything.” The idea definitely didn’t sit well with her, but her mom was an adult and had all her faculties, so it was her decision to make and she had made it. She wondered what her brother would think about all this.
“Come on, I’ll drive you home,” Courtney offered.
“I’m fine to drive,” Purity began.
Courtney interrupted her almost immediately. “You know I’m a night owl, Pure, and I’m used to staying up ‘til three or four a.m. every night. You’ve had a long day, topped off with an unexpected family emergency. I’m driving you home.”
“Listen to Courtney,” Meg said. “If you don’t, I’ll whack you over the head with my bag and we’ll drag you to Court’s car. Either way, you’re not driving tonight.”
She had good friends, Purity thought, as they made their way to the parking garage.
What was it Tapestry always said? Your friends are your family of choice. These friends surely were.


Chapter Six

In five minutes the Garden Party would begin. Everything was in place. The dark green linen tablecloths were a wonderful backdrop for the brightly colored flower centerpieces. Tapestry made grapevine wreaths laced with berries and greenery and wrapped them around the slats on the ecru chair backs. It gave the illusion that the tables and chairs were part of nature’s plan.
Solitaire Blues, Chance’s band, began playing, adding to the Garden Party’s atmosphere.
Sheila Martin approached Purity. “Everything is set.” She handed Pure a list of the afternoon’s schedule. “We ended up with three kids willing to read poems, two bands, Gothic Marvel and Peanut Butter Express, two single mom’s and their children and one blended family who will recount stories of how The Kids’ Place helped them during hard times, and Nancy Glass is going to perform a dance she learned in her performing arts class.”
“Perfect!” Purity exclaimed. “Sheila, once again, you’re amazing.”
The scent of Marsha Persimmony’s vegetarian appetizer made Purity’s stomach dance. When was the last time she had eaten? Pure excused herself and quickly made her way to her car to grab a granola bar to tide her over. She always kept a few in the glove box just in case she didn’t get a chance to eat a real meal. It wouldn’t look good for the events coordinator to be eating on the job. Time had gotten away from her today. Pure ate quickly and her stomach settled down after receiving the nourishment.
Pure’s eyes scanned the crowd. She tried to assure herself that she wasn’t looking for a dark-haired board member with a searing smile and kisses that made her toes tingle. It didn’t work. She felt the sting of disappointment when she realized Alex McCallister was not among the partygoers. He had said he wasn’t sure he’d be able to make it, something about a flood in the men’s locker room.
Purity had teased Alex about the high prestige of being a board member when she heard the news. His laughter at her comment was still warm in her heart.
The event went smoothly and when Wendy Gallagher spoke about how much it meant to her that her children had a safe place to go after school and how that eased her mind because she lived in a high crime area, there wasn’t a dry eye to be seen. Her children, Joy and Madison, were six and eight, respectively. The thought of the two children being home alone, or out on the street until their mom could get home from work, was one of the reasons The Kids’ Place was a necessity in the community, not a luxury.
Meanwhile, Alex McCallister and Judd Broadstreet were knee-deep in water in the men’s locker room. The two men were trying to get the toilets to stop flushing. The water was swirling at a fevered pitch, with liquid spewing everywhere. Lucky for them the toilets weren’t clogged; however, the water was not receding. The more the pressure increased, the higher the water around their legs rose.
“This is not working,” Judd said, out of breath from all the plunging.
“We’re going to need to call a plumber,” Alex agreed. “The longer we wait, the worse it’s going to get.”
Judd waded his way back to the counter to grab his suit jacket. He figured his pants were ruined, although he did have an excellent dry cleaner. His shoes were a total loss.
“I’ll make the call,” Judd said, wondering how much this would set their budget back.
“Damn!” Alex muttered under his breath, tossing the plunger into the water. He was not a plumber and didn’t know the first thing about toilets, drains or flooding. He followed the same route Judd did, taking a towel from the rack on his way out.
Alex was wringing out his shirt when he saw Charlie Mankins, a teenager about sixteen years old with a wicked sense of style and a brain that was smart as a whip.
“Hear you got yourself a flood in there,” Charlie said, approaching Alex.
“It’s a hell of a mess,” Alex responded, shaking Charlie’s hand.
The force of the agitated water could be heard, even with the locker room door closed.
“Mind if I take a look?” Charlie asked.
“Be my guest.” Alex opened the door and walked down the short ramp and back into the cold water.
“Might be a good idea to shut the water off,” Charlie said, his common sense stating the obvious.
In his hurry to stop the overflow of water, Alex hadn’t thought about simply turning the valves off. He consoled himself with the fact that Judd hadn’t thought of it either.
Charlie found the water intake valves and turned them off. The water stopped flowing.
“Well, I feel pretty stupid,” Alex remarked.
“No need,” Charlie replied. “It’s funny how sometimes you never think of the most obvious things when you’re right in the middle of a crisis. It’s like your brain cells go on vacation or somethin’.”
Alex put a hand on Charlie’s back. “You’re a good man to have around in a tight spot, Charlie.”
“That’s what my mom always says.”
“Your mom’s right. Now, let’s get out of these wet clothes. I think we owe you a new pair of shoes and a pair of pants.”
“You, too,” Charlie said.
The clean-up crew was hard at work and within two hours the area where the Garden Party had been held looked undisturbed by human hands.
Purity and Sheila were in Pure’s office toasting their success and putting paperwork, invoices, and programs in stacks to be dealt with tomorrow.
Pure headed down the hallway to use the restroom and saw a light on under Alex’s office door. She tapped lightly and then opened the door, saying, “Anyone home?”
There stood Alex in his white shirt, navy blue and white striped tie, suit jacket, white boxer shorts and nothing else.
“Is this the new attire for board members?” Purity asked, not able to stifle a giggle.
“Very funny.” Alex scowled. “I’ve been trying to figure out how I’m going to leave here without being seen. Got any ideas?”
“Well,” Purity began, amused at the scene, “if you were a girl, I’d say just tie your suit jacket around your waist, but um… I’m not sure that works as well for a man.”
“You’re enjoying this way too much,” Alex said, walking toward her.
Purity was extremely aware of Alex’s lack of clothing and her great desire to wrap her arms around the virile man standing before her.
“I think I’d better leave you to your own devices,” Purity said. “Besides, I have to use the restroom.” She quickly made her way back out the door. “Good luck,” she proffered through giggling lips.
“You’re deserting me in my hour of need,” Alex countered at the doorway.
Purity’s answer was a melodic laugh. It was becoming Alex’s favorite sound.
He watched Purity walk down the hallway to the women’s restroom. He considered following her, then resisted the lascivious pull of his groin. Instead, he shut his office door, pulled on his still-wet slacks, socks and shoes and began cleaning off his desk before he headed for home.
When Pure returned to her office, Sheila had her things gathered and was ready to leave.
“Thanks, again, Sheila,” Purity said sincerely. “I couldn’t have pulled this off without you.”
Sheila beamed at the praise and knew that Pure’s comments were earnest. And, the raise Purity had gotten her, and several other staff members, showed that she backed her words up with action. She hadn’t had a boss with integrity in a long time.
“Let’s get out of here,” Purity said as she retrieved her belongings and headed out of the office into the hallway.
The strains of Heart’s Magic Man could be heard and Purity checked the display on her cell phone to see who was calling.
“Hey, bro,” she said, answering the call.
“Hey, sis, long time no speak,” Bobby replied.
“Are you in town?”
“Yeah, I just got in. I’m headed over to the hospital to see mom. I can’t believe she’s having surgery tomorrow.”
“What? Ang said she wasn’t having surgery and was going to be discharged.”
“I don’t know about that. She called and said mom was having carotid artery surgery at seven a.m. tomorrow morning.”
Purity’s left hand clenched into a fist as the fingers on her right hand held her cell phone in a death grip.
“She never tells me anything; then, if she does bother to tell me something, it’s inaccurate. I am so sick of this shit, Bob!” Pure tried to restrain her anger, but it seeped into her tone and spilled over in frustration.
“I know. You have to consider the source, Pure. Ang has always been like this and she’s not going to change. We just have to learn how to work around her psychotic tendencies.”
“You’re going to bunk at my place, right?” Purity asked, changing the subject.
“I don’t want to put you out,” Bobby began, knowing Purity would interrupt him.
“Don’t be silly. I have a whole bedroom just sitting there going to waste and I haven’t seen you since last Christmas. Please, please, please stay with me. I’ll make blueberry pancakes and home-made bread drenched in sweet cream butter.” Pure knew Bobby’s weaknesses and used them against him.
“Okay,” Bobby said only slightly reluctantly. It would be good to catch up and. if he was lucky, Meg Silvers might come over for a visit, too. Ever since he saw her last Christmas, visions of her face and lithesome figure had appeared in his dreams, both day and night.
“Do you remember how to get to my place?”
“Geeze, Pure, it hasn’t been that long since I’ve been around. Yes, I know how to get to your place.”
“I was just asking, you creep.”
“Moron.”
“Asshat.”
“Stick-in-the-mud.”
“Hey, I resent that one. I have not now, or ever, been a stick-in-the-mud.”
“Okay, I take that one back. I’ll see you later tonight, sis.”
“Okeydokey. I’ll have the bread waiting for you.”
They both hung up their phones and Purity filled Sheila in on the latest news about her mother and her psycho sister.
“Wow. That must be hard. I mean, it’s challenging enough to be dealing with your mom’s health issues but then to not even know if what your sister is telling you is true or not, or not even keeping you informed, well, that just makes it ten times worse.”
“It certainly does.”
Alex fell in step with the women. “Good evening, ladies.”
“Hi Alex,” Sheila said, noting his drenched attire and the squishing sound his shoes made while he walked, but wisely not saying a word about either.
“Nice outfit,” Purity couldn’t help commenting as her eyes gleamed with delight at his predicament.
Alex ignored Pure’s comment. When they reached their cars, Sheila said, “Keep me informed about your mom. I’ll be praying for her, and you.”
“Thanks, Sheila.” Purity said a quick prayer thanking God for Sheila’s presence in her life.
“Did something new develop with your mom?”
Purity filled Alex in on the surgery, her brother’s arrival and her sister’s non-communication.
“I can be at the hospital tomorrow with you, if you’d like,” Alex said, closing the short distance between them.
Purity could feel herself closing up. The barrier she had built years ago was strong and quickly came to her aid, even when it wasn’t needed. So much time had passed, she wasn’t sure how to stop the wall from keeping everyone at arm’s length any more. Well, not just anyone, men. She wanted to feel Alex’s reassuring arms around her, to accept the solace he so willingly and easily offered.
She’d never had that in her life and she knew if she wanted it, and she desperately did want it, she needed to open herself up and risk being hurt. She just didn’t know how.
“I can’t hear you,” Alex said, trying to lighten the mood a little with a bit of humor. “I know you’re trying to say something.”
Purity avoided his eyes, glancing down at his feet instead. Water was seeping out of his socks and dripping down his shoes.
“You know those are goners,” she said, feeling much too exposed already.
Alex reached out his hand and touched Purity on the arm. “If you want us to have a relationship, you’re going to have to let me in at some point.”
“I know,” Purity replied, her voice barely audible. She swallowed hard and met Alex’s gaze. “I’m not really sure I can do this,” she paused. “I want to. You’ll never know how much I want to. It’s just… it’s just that I have huge trust issues. Gigantic. Mammoth. Colossal.”
“Dr. Phil says you can’t change what you don’t acknowledge, so acknowledging it is half the battle,” Alex said rather philosophically.
“Did you just quote Dr. Phil to me?” Purity replied, eyes wide in disbelief.
“I like Dr. Phil. He’s full of wisdom,” Alex defended himself.
“He’s full of something, but I’m not sure it’s wisdom,” Pure said, glad she was off the hot seat for a moment.
Alex put his hands on either side of Purity’s face. “All I’m saying is that I already care about you a great deal and I’m willing to give you space and time. Are you willing to let me care about you?”
No one had ever put it like that before. Was she willing to let Alex care about her? If something were to go awry, not only would her emotions be in a jumbled mess, but her job might be in jeopardy as well.
Purity could feel her spirit leaning into Alex’s body space like a magnet to steel. Was she really taking a step toward him with her barriers discarded? Could it be this easy?
“Looks like you got caught in a deep puddle,” the familiar voice sent shock waves down Purity’s spine.
“We had a little trouble with the plumbing in the men’s locker room,” Alex responded, not recognizing the gentleman. He didn’t want to be cordial and polite. He wanted to encircle Purity’s body with his own and prove to her that he wasn’t like every other guy she had known.
Purity couldn’t move, speak or even breathe. Derek Worthington was four feet away from her. Every part of her body was ready to run, yet her feet were cemented in place. She couldn’t look in his eyes. She didn’t want him to see how much he frightened her.
“You didn’t return my call,” Derek said, casting his gaze on Purity’s profile.
Pure couldn’t find her voice. It was buried deep inside her memory. She knew if she could just move, take some kind of action, she’d break the spell. Finally, she was able to move the pinky on her right hand. With that small movement came release and she reached into her purse, retrieved her cell phone and dialed 911.
Feeling a renewed power at taking forward motion, Purity’s eyes met Derek’s and held them fast as she said to the 911 operator, “My name is Purity Zyetta. Derek Worthington is four feet from me right this minute and he is violating a restraining order I have against him.”
“Aw, Pure,” Derek said, taking a step toward Purity.
Alex stepped directly in front of Purity.
“I think that’s the lady’s way of saying it’s time for you to leave,” Alex said, not knowing the situation, but automatically taking Pure’s side.
Purity continued to give information on her location and the situation at hand and then hung up.
“Hey, man, I don’t want any trouble,” Derek said to Alex.
“Good, me either,” Alex said confidently and with such a commanding presence that Derek seemed to shrink about three inches.
Purity secretly hoped that Alex would keep him talking so the police would have enough time to arrive. Maybe this time there’d be some kind of repercussion for his actions. Heaven knows all the other times there weren’t.
“I just want to talk to her. She won’t return my phone calls,” Derek explained, playing the victim.
“Generally speaking, when someone has a restraining order against someone, there is to be no contact, including phone calls,” Alex explained.
“My mother had a stroke, okay?” Derek’s voice was agitated and he was beginning to shift his weight back and forth from his left foot to his right.
“Purity, go back to your office,” Alex said quietly, but firmly.
When he didn’t receive a response, Alex turned to look Purity in the eyes. Instead of meeting her gaze, he found her lying on the cement.
Derek stated casually, “She must have fainted.”
Alex quickly bent down on one knee to check Pure’s breathing and her pulse. She was breathing and her heart was beating a steady rhythm.
Alex heard the sound of tires on asphalt and then saw the police car pull up.
“Fuck,” Derek muttered under his breath. He thought about running, but it was too late, they’d already seen him. He should have left sooner.
One of the police officers called in for an aid car as the other officer began asking for details. He promptly put handcuffs on a raging Derek. “I didn’t do anything wrong! We were just talking.” He was read his rights and placed in the back of the squad car.
When the aid car arrived, they administered smelling salts and Purity awakened. Shaking her head as if to clear her brain, the memory of recent events came flooding back. She searched the parking lot for signs of Derek.
“He’s in the back of the police car,” Alex told her, holding Purity’s hand for comfort and support. There was fear in her eyes, even though he could tell she was trying to hide it. Pure’s face was pale and her hands were clammy.
“Do you think you can sit up?” one of the EMT’s asked.
“Yes. Yes, I think so,” Purity responded as she made her way from a prone position to a sitting one. The other EMT gave her oxygen and instructed her to breathe deeply.
The two police officers were talking within earshot and both Purity and Alex heard them say they could take Derek in but they wouldn’t be able to hold him. He’d violated the restraining order, but he hadn’t actually hurt anyone. They would document the violation but, realistically, that was all they could do.
Purity didn’t want to explain her relationship with Derek. She was sick of talking about what a fool she had been to trust him. What a fool she still was. Love was for teenagers, the idealistic young who still believed in happily ever after.
Pure felt Alex’s hand in hers and turned her eyes upon the sight. Alex wanted more than she would ever be able to give. She was damaged goods. She’d never be able to give her heart to him, or any man. There was just no trust left in her. Besides, with Derek Worthington hiding around every corner waiting to pop up and ruin any chance she might have of happiness, it wouldn’t be fair to get involved with someone and drag them into the muck, too.
Purity removed her hand from Alex’s grasp. It felt cold immediately and she missed his gentle touch.
Alex knew that Purity’s walls were firmly intact, even more so than before the guy from her past showed up. He watched her eyes and saw the shadowed veil fall silently into place. He wasn’t sure he’d be able to lift it again, but he was damn well going to try.
The policemen left, letting Purity know they would file the paperwork on the violation and she should also be in touch with Brad Thompson, who was following the case. Pure removed her oxygen mask so she could speak and assured them she would contact Brad tomorrow.
Purity refused any further treatment by the EMT’s and said she wanted to go home. They had her sign paperwork and then left the scene.
Instead of asking Pure if she wanted to go to his home, which is what he wanted to do, Alex said, “I’ll call your friends for you, if you’d like.”
The lump in Purity’s throat made it impossible to talk, and the tears of vulnerability that she hated to show came pouring from her eyes. Pure nodded her head at Alex’s offer and handed him her cell phone. She couldn’t see clearly to find the numbers.
“Courtney and Meg,” she half sobbed. She wished she had Dorothy’s ruby slippers right this very minute. She wanted to be home, safely tucked in her bed.
Alex explained the situation to Purity’s friends succinctly and they were pulling into the parking lot within ten minutes.
“That sonofabitch!” Courtney yelled as she approached her friend. “If he comes within a mile of you again, I will castrate him. I’m going to buy a knife tomorrow.” She sat down on the ground next to Purity and wrapped her arms around her.
Meg was calmer and quieter, but nonetheless enraged that Derek was still hurting her friend. Meg sat on the ground next to Purity and Courtney and searched her friends’ darkened eyes. “Are you okay?”
“I will be,” Purity replied.
No one noticed that Alex McCallister silently left the scene.
There were only two Derek Worthington’s in the telephone book. Alex wrote the addresses down. One street he recognized immediately as being close to the new movie theater; the other was across town, he’d need to Mapquest that one.
He’d already called the police station and found out that Derek was being released within the hour. Those restraining order laws were a joke.
Alex hated seeing that look of fear in Purity’s eyes. It was true he didn’t know what had transpired between them, but he was confident Derek Worthington had crossed the line, not Purity.
Would she ever be able to trust him? How long and how hard would he have to fight to break through her carefully crafted defenses?
With Mapquest directions in hand, Alex headed for Derek Worthington’s home.
Courtney, Meg, Tapestry, and Purity were all sitting on Pure’s bed drinking hot chocolate. Tapestry had been out of town and had to be informed of all the activity that had occurred.
“Holy crap, Pure!” Tap exclaimed. “I’m gone and all hell breaks loose.”
“Wasn’t it nice of me to wait until you were gone to have all my escapades?” Purity said, a touch of sarcasm scarring her words.
The doorbell rang and Meg eagerly jumped off the bed. “I’ll get it.”
“Gee, you think she’s anxious to see Bobby?” Courtney remarked when Meg was out of earshot. The trio smiled knowingly. Meggie had been crushing on Bobby for a couple of years, but it wasn’t until last December that Bob had noticed Meg. Pure thought it would be ideal if they ended up getting together. One of her best friends and her brother. Her biological family and her family of choice melding together. She liked the idea. A lot.
“Hi Bobby,” Meg welcomed, adding a big smile.
“Hey, Meg,” Bobby said, surprised that Purity didn’t answer the door. “You look great.”
“Thanks. You, too.” He hadn’t changed much since she’d seen him last. He still had those full lips and deep sea-green eyes. His sandy colored hair was tousled in a way that made him seem even sexier.
“Come in.” Meg moved aside so Bobby could enter Purity’s apartment.
“Where’s Pure?”
“She’s in the bedroom. There was an incident. With Derek.”
Bobby’s face lit with anger and he walked briskly into the bedroom.
“Hey, bro,” Purity addressed her brother, then saw the look on his face.
“What did that low-life scumbag do now?”
“How ya doin’? Nice to see you. I’ve missed you, too,” Purity commented, hoping to lighten the situation.
“I’m not foolin’ around, Purity, this is serious.”
“You don’t even know what’s going on, so how do you know it’s serious, Bob?”
“Why else would you have three of your best friends surrounding you while you’re in bed? I just talked with you not three hours ago and everything was fine.”
He had a point, Pure conceded, so she filled him in.
“Does he still live over on Fourth Street?” Bobby inquired.
“Yeah, why?”
Bobby headed for the door.
Pure jumped out of bed, almost spilling her hot chocolate. “Bobby, wait,” she said as she put the mug on the side table and then followed him. It was too late. He was half way up the stairs before she even made it into the living room.
“Shit!” Pure exclaimed. “Nothing good will come of this. He shouldn’t get involved.”
Meg ran to the window and saw Bobby’s car heading out toward the main road.
Purity tried to call Bobby on his cell phone but he wasn’t answering. “Of course not,” she grumbled, tossing the useless phone on the sofa.
“Should we go after him?” Tapestry asked.
“No,” Courtney said with venom in her voice. “The best thing that could happen to Derek Worthington is for Bobby to beat the living shit out of him.”
Everyone turned their heads and stared at Courtney.
“Hey, I’m not going to apologize for saying what every single one of you is thinking,” Courtney defended herself.
“Court’s right,” Meg said.
“She sure is,” Tap agreed.
Purity nodded her head. She had been thinking the same thing. She just didn’t want Bobby to become involved in all of this, or get hurt. Nobody really knew just what Derek was capable of.
As Bobby closed the distance between Pure’s apartment and Derek’s house, his anger was at a frenzied peak. He was sick and tired of this asshole abusing his sister. It was going to stop and it was going to stop now. He’d make sure of it.
He found the home fairly easily as the area hadn’t changed much over the years. Bobby parked his car and surveyed the surrounding neighborhood. He noticed a car with someone inside it parked just across the street. He wondered if that could be Derek. He hadn’t seen him in a while and it was dark out.
Alex had been sitting in front of Bobby’s house for half an hour. All the lights were out and he didn’t know if the douchebag was home yet or not. The other location he checked out turned out to be the home of a young couple with two kids.
He saw the car pull up directly in front of the house he was watching, but the figure inside didn’t seem to have the same build as Derek. Besides, he had a full head of hair and Derek didn’t.
The two men sat in their cars for about twenty minutes. Neither sure of what their best plan of action should be.
Finally, Alex got out of his car and headed for Derek’s front door. Bobby watched him walk up the path and decided that this might be his opportunity. He got out of the car and followed Alex’s trail.
As he approached Bobby said, “Are you Derek Worthington?”
Alex turned around and replied, “No, but I’m looking for him.”
“Me, too.”
“I’m Alex McCallister,” Alex commented, raising his arm to shake Bobby’s hand.
“Bobby Zyetta,” Bob replied, shaking Alex’s hand firmly.
“Any relation to Purity Zyetta?”
“She’s my sister,” Bobby said, surprised that this stranger would know Pure. “How do you know Purity?”
“I’m a board member at The Kids’ Place where she works,” Alex paused, “and I’d like to be more than that.”
So, Bobby thought, his sister had kept this beau under wraps. He’d have to drill her for more information when he got back to her place.
“It’s my intention to beat the living crap out of this guy tonight,” Bobby explained without remorse.
“That’s my intention as well,” Alex remarked. “I’ll flip ya for who gets to hit him first.”
“Heads,” Bobby replied.
Alex pulled a quarter from his pocket and flipped it in the air, catching it on the way back down and then placing it on the back of his hand. Heads.
“Damn,” Alex said with regret in his tone.
Bobby smiled. Purity had made a good choice.
Derek Worthington told his friend to keep driving.
“But your house is right there,” his buddy pointed out.
“So are two guys who know Purity. Keep driving.”
Derek wasn’t sure what the men wanted, but he knew it couldn’t be good. He hadn’t seen Bobby Zyetta in a few years, but there was no mistaking his presence. The other man was the guy Purity had been talking to earlier in the day. Purity must have sent them over to give him a good talking to, or worse.
The thought crossed his mind that if he just let them beat him up, then he could press charges against them, and Purity for sending them on the mission. He liked the feeling of power he had over Purity. She had tried to hide it earlier, but he saw through her facade easily. She was scared.
Derek wanted to feel Purity under him again, his hands around her neck. Loosely at first, then tighter and tighter. He just had to be patient. Bide his time. The restraining order she had issued was useless and they both knew it. The police would never do anything unless he actually harmed her in some way and he wasn’t stupid enough to do that.
“You can stay at my place tonight,” Derek’s friend offered.
“Thanks.”
The two men sat on the porch for a solid hour before Bobby said, “I don’t think he’s gonna show.”
“I think you’re right,” Alex concurred.
“Wanna go get some breakfast?”
“Sure. There’s a Denny’s about a mile up the road.”
“Sounds good. I’ll follow you.”
As they made their way to the restaurant, Bobby wondered what would have happened if Derek had shown up. He had been afraid he would lose control and beat the man to within an inch of his life. How in the hell were they going to keep him away from his sister?
Bobby pulled his car into the parking lot and parked beside Alex’s car. Once seated, the men placed their orders.
“So, tell me more about your relationship with my sister.”
Alex took a sip of coffee. “We don’t exactly have a relationship at the moment. But, I’m working on it.”
“I need to warn you that Purity has been through a lot. She’s not one to easily trust these days. I can’t say I blame her,” Bobby paused. “You seem like a solid guy, but I have to say, if you hurt my sister, you’ll have me to answer to.”
“I can appreciate that. I’d feel the same way about my sister, if I had one.”
As the men shared their meal, Bobby filled Alex in on Purity’s past. Alex felt it was only fair that he share a bit about his relationship with his wife.
“I need to make one thing clear here, Bob. I’m married,” Alex said, meeting Bobby’s gaze directly. “I’ve been trying to get a divorce for a couple of years, but my wife is adamant that we stay together.” Alex shifted in his seat. “We don’t live together. We haven’t really shared our lives for a long time. My wife believes that when you get married, you stay married, no matter what. She thinks if we get a divorce it means she’s a failure and she’ll never be desired or wanted again. I can’t seem to convince her that we should cut our losses and move on.”
“You still wear your wedding ring.”
“Yeah,” Alex said, fingering the ring on his left hand. “Twelve years is a long time. It’s hard to let it go. Plus, it helps give women the signal that I’m off the market.”
“Has Purity ever asked you about it?”
“No. I have a feeling her assistant filled her in on my story, although I’ve never asked her if she knows my situation.”
They had finished their meal and were sipping the last dregs of their coffee when Bobby asked, “What now?”
“Hell if I know. No one can seem to keep Derek away from Purity, so maybe she needs to take some kind of self-defense class or something.”
“And carry pepper spray with her,” Bobby added.
They said their good-byes and went their separate ways.
When Bobby returned to Pure’s apartment, the lights were blazing and he knew the women were still awake.
When Purity heard the knock on the door she was relieved to know Bobby was okay. She thought about letting him stand out there and rot for not returning her phone calls and making her worry.
Meg answered the door with a hearty, “Did you kick his ass?”
Bobby grinned, “No, but I would have, if he’d been home.”
“If he wasn’t home, what took you so long?” Courtney asked, uncurling her legs from their position on the couch.
“I met a friend of yours, Pure, and we ended up having a meal together.”
“A friend of mine?”
“Said his name was Alex McCallister.” Bobby eyed Pure closely and watched her response.
“Alex was there?”
“We flipped a coin to see who was going to beat the crap out of Derek first,” Bob paused for emphasis. “I won.”
“Our hero,” Meg said, throwing her arms around Bobby’s neck and giving him a quick kiss on the cheek.
The move surprised Bobby, even as his hand went instinctively around Meg’s waist.
“Okay, Mr. Hero, just what did you think you were going to accomplish by beating Derek up?” Not waiting for a response, Purity continued, “Getting yourself beat up? Making him even madder at me? Getting yourself arrested?”
“He was defending you,” Meg came to Bobby’s aid. “I think its gallant.”
“Too bad he wasn’t there,” Courtney added. “I would have liked to join you in the bashing.”
“The question is, how do we keep this guy away from Purity?” Tapestry said constructively.
“We can’t,” Court commented.
“Court’s right,” Bobby stated. “Pure needs to concentrate on keeping herself safe, being aware of her surroundings, and maybe even taking a self-defense class.”
“That’s a good idea,” Tapestry agreed. “I took one of those classes last year and I thought it was really helpful.”
“We could all benefit from a class like that,” Courtney chimed in.
“I’ll check it out and book us all for a class,” Meg concurred.
“I’ll try anything,” Pure said. “I need to get control of my life back.”
Since everything had calmed down, the girls left and Bobby and Pure had some time alone.
“So, sis, tell me more about this Alex guy,” Bobby inquired.
“He’s great, fabulous, wonderful, and he deserves someone who can love him the way he should be loved.”
“You don’t think you can love him well enough?”
“I want to. I just don’t know if I’m capable of loving someone, trusting someone. I’m having enough trouble trusting myself, let alone someone else.”
“You trust Court, and Meg, and Tap. What’s the difference?”
“They’ve never cheated on me, lied to me, or tried to kill me.”
“Well, there is that,” Bobby said reluctantly. “What would happen if you just tried?”
“I could get hurt.”
“And, what if you don’t try?”
“Then I spend my life alone.”
“And you feel hurt,” Bobby pointed out.
Purity looked her brother in the eye, but didn’t say anything.
“I love you, sis,” Bob said.
“I love you, too.”
The two hugged and then began getting ready to go to sleep.
“What time do you want to be at the hospital tomorrow… er… today?” Pure asked.
“In all the hullabaloo I almost forgot about mom’s surgery,” Bobby commented. “Surgery is at seven a.m, I double checked when I saw mom tonight, so around six.”
“Okay. I’ll set my alarm.”
“G’night,” Bobby said.
“Night,” Pure replied and went into her bedroom, then turned around and came back out. “Bobby,” Pure started, as Bobby stopped fluffing his pillow to look at her face, “thank you.”
“That’s what big brothers are for, kid. Sweet dreams.”
They were both asleep within minutes.

Chapter Seven

When Purity’s alarm went off, she was tempted to throw it across the room.
Pure woke Bobby up by putting a CD into her CD player and turning the volume up. It was an easier way to wake up than being shaken or yelled at.
No shower today, they needed to be on the road to Hope as quickly as possible. Purity endured a modified version of her morning routine and then headed back to her bedroom to change out of her pajamas.
She glanced into Bobby’s bedroom. Bob was sitting up with his head in his hands. He looked exactly how she felt.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” Purity said, her voice scraggly from lack of sleep.
“Mmmm.” That was the best Bobby could mumble as he got up and headed for the bathroom.
While putting on jeans and layering a wine-colored sweater over a white long-sleeved shirt, Pure made her decision. She reached for her cell phone, found his number and hit send. Suddenly her mouth felt dry.
“Hello,” Alex said, sleep clouding his voice.
“Hi, Alex, it’s Purity. I was wondering if you were still willing to meet me at Hope this morning?” Purity closed her eyes and bit her lower lip, anxiously awaiting Alex’s reply.
Alex was pleasantly surprised. He wasn’t going to miss an opportunity, even though his curiosity as to why Purity had changed her mind was overwhelming.
“I’m heading over right now,” he answered.
Pure thought for sure he’d say he was busy or needed to sleep or just any reason really not to show up. But he hadn’t. Bobby was right. She could get hurt if she got involved with Alex or she could get hurt if she didn’t get involved with Alex. So, it would be a lot more fun with Alex than without him. She’d deal with the hurt later. Maybe this time would be different.
“We’re meeting in the surgery waiting area on the second floor. And, Alex,” Purity paused, “thanks.” Both parties hung up their phones.
Alex ran a comb through his hair, brushed his teeth, put on deodorant and washed his face. He rubbed the stubble on his chin. No shaving today. He wanted to be the first thing Purity saw when she entered the waiting area.
When Bobby and Purity walked into the large area that served as a gathering place for folks who had a loved one in surgery, Alex McCallister was the first person they saw. Purity wanted to run to him and feel his strong arms around her. If Bobby hadn’t been standing by her side, she might have done just that. Instead, she walked over to Alex and gave him a kiss on the cheek, then leaned in closer and whispered in his ear, “Thanks for coming, Alex.” She could feel his morning stubble coarsely on her cheek. Pure’s legs went slightly weak at the knees.
Such a simple gesture, yet Alex knew something had changed between them. Purity had taken a not-so-small step toward trusting him.
He engulfed Pure’s frame in a warm embrace and she breathed in the strength and comfort he offered.
Alex released her, keeping one arm around her waist. Purity turned at the sound of Meg and Courtney’s voices.
“I told you they’d be here,” Courtney said a bit too loud.
“I thought Pure said the third floor waiting area,” Meg replied, grumpy with too little sleep and not enough caffeine.
“There is no third floor waiting area,” Court chastised her friend.
“Well, I know that now,” Meggie responded, her body language perking up when her eyes spotted Bobby Zyetta.
Courtney was wide awake, having decided to stay up all night downing Jolt soda and making a quasi voodoo doll of Derek Worthington. She wasn’t sure if it would really work at debilitating him, but it couldn’t hurt.
“How are you feeling this morning?” Meg asked Purity.
“Tired, but okay. This is Alex,” Pure said, introducing him to her friends. “You already know Bobby.”
Bobby and Alex shook hands, exchanging nods of acknowledgement.
Tapestry joined the group with two large Diet Coke’s in her hand. She gave Pure a hug and handed her one of the sodas.
“Thought you might need this, Pure.”
Purity took a sip and proclaimed, “Ah! Nectar of the gods.”
“Is Angela here?” Meggie asked.
“Haven’t seen hide nor hair of her,” Pure replied.
“There’s a surprise,” Courtney muttered under her breath.
A nurse came by and told the group that family members could come back into the pre-op area. Bobby and Purity headed in that direction to see their mother. The rest of the folks assembled arranged themselves in various positions on the sofas and chairs in the waiting area.
Pure and Bobby assured their mom that everything would be fine, wished her well and told her that they loved her. Shortly after, the nurse gave her some medication to relax her and their mother was feeling no pain and enjoying a bit of a euphoric feeling. The nurse said the surgery would take about an hour and a half and recovery would be about the same amount of time. The duo left to join their friends, then they all headed toward the cafeteria to get something to eat.
After breakfast, they all gathered again in the waiting area. It didn’t take long before the doctor came to let them know the surgery had gone well and their mother would be back in her room in about an hour.
Relief filled the air. Bobby called Angela and left a message on her cell phone.
Alex’s hand had been holding Purity’s for quite some time. She didn’t know if he had reached for her hand or if she had reached for his hand. It wasn’t as hard as she thought, allowing Alex to care for her. Pure leaned over and gave Alex a tender kiss.
“I’m so glad you’re here with me,” she said.
“I wouldn’t be any place else,” Alex responded, giving Pure’s hand a gentle squeeze.
“Hey, Tap, where did you go on vacation?” Meg asked.
“Vegas, baby. Chance and I heard about the Vegas Arts Festival and decided to check it out. It was really fabulous. I almost called you,” she gestured to Purity.
“Why?”
“As I was surveying this one piece of art, I noticed the artist’s name. Care to wager a guess as to who it was?”
“No way?! Was it really his art?” Purity replied.
“Who?” Bobby asked.
All four women said, “Viggo.”
“Viggo Mortensen,” Purity offered his full name. “You’ll probably remember him most as the actor who played Aragorn in the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but he’s also a painter, photographer, poet, writer, singer, and musician. He’s amazing.”
“Purity has all his books and several of his CDs,” Meg said.
“And every DVD of every movie he’s ever been in,” Court added.
“Glad to see you have a hobby, sis,” Bobby said, kicking Pure’s foot with his own.
“Some people collect stamps or watch birds,” Pure explained. “I’m a Viggophile.”
 “If you’re going to be obsessed about something, or someone, I’d say Viggo is a great choice,” Courtney remarked.
“I’d rather be obsessed with sex,” Bobby said.
Pure picked up a magazine and tossed it at her brother, saying, “You would.”
“Not to change the subject or anything,” Court began, “but I talked with Emily Cravens last Sunday at church and she said she wants to sell her house quickly and is planning to reduce the price. I may have mentioned to her that you were interested, Pure.”
“I am interested. I love that house, but I can’t imagine she’s lowered the price enough for me to afford it.”
“She said she’d love to know the house was going to someone that would cherish it the way she does. I think you should give her a call and check it out.”
“I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to call her,” Pure conceded.
“It’s a four-bedroom isn’t it?” Meg asked.
“Yep,” Pure answered. “With a wraparound porch, French doors and two fireplaces.” 
Bobby leaned closer to Meg and said, “Want to go to a movie later?”
“Sure,” Meg replied, thinking it would be their very first date. “I don’t even know what’s playing.”
“I’m sure there’s some romantic comedy playing,” Tapestry said, knowing Meg’s penchant for happy endings.
“Just make sure you have her home by midnight or she’ll turn into a pumpkin,” Court teased.
Bobby almost said how much he liked to eat pumpkin, but caught himself in the nick of time. He had been told his humor was sometimes crude and he didn’t know if Meg would appreciate it or be offended by it. It could go either way with women he had found.
“A chick flick it is,” Bob said. “Then I get to pick where we eat dinner.”
“Deal,” Meg said, reaching out to shake hands on it. As Bobby took her hand in his, Meg silently counted out the number of hours they would be spending together.
“What about us?” Courtney asked, not really wanting to see a movie, but wanting to watch Meggie squirm.
“You’re welcome to join us,” Bobby extended the invitation to everyone gathered.
Meg shot daggers at Court with her eyes, though a smile never left her lips.
Courtney was enjoying Meg’s dilemma a little too much, Purity thought. “Two’s company, three’s a crowd,” Purity stated. “You guys enjoy yourself. None of us will be tagging along.”
The nurse came into the waiting area and said Mary Zyetta had been taken to her room and family members could go up and see her.
Purity and Bobby headed upstairs while the rest of the group remained in the waiting area.
Pure thought her mom looked good, with more color in her face that before the surgery. They spent half an hour with their mother and then said good-bye, returning to the waiting area.
Bobby and Meg headed to the movies, while everyone else decided to head for home for a bit more sleep. It had been a long night and a long morning.
Purity thanked her friends, again, for their support as they walked toward their vehicles. Alex stayed around until it was only he and Purity in the parking garage.
“Thank you, again, Alex. Not only for today, but for last night, too. Bobby told me what you did. Well, what you were going to do.”
Alex put his hands on Purity’s arms. “I meant it when I said there wasn’t anywhere else I wanted to be.”
Purity took a step closer to Alex and encircled his neck with her arms. They stood for several seconds, staring deeply into one another’s eyes. Neither quite sure of where this relationship was heading, but excited to find out.
Alex initiated a tender kiss. It quickly turned heated and he found his hands exploring the curves of Purity’s back. He knew it would be easy to seduce her, but he wanted more than a quick sexual encounter that would be over and done with in a blink of an eye. He wanted a future.
Purity felt the emotion and promise in Alex’s lips. Casual sex was simple, but she wanted more than that. She wanted a home and long walks hand-in-hand. She wanted someone she could grow old with and someone she could trust.
Purity pulled away first, but only a fraction. Just enough to catch her breath, then she rested her head on Alex’s shoulder, keeping her arms around his neck.
The fatigue hit her suddenly, like she’d hit a brick wall.
“Man, I’m really tired,” Purity said, not realizing she said the words aloud.
“I can drive you home,” Alex offered.
Purity thought about his words. She wanted to take him up on the invitation, but hadn’t she already asked a lot of him?
“Are you sure you’re not too tired to drive? I mean, you didn’t get much sleep last night either?” Pure asked.
“I’ll sleep when I’m dead,” Alex said with macho bravado.
Purity sighed. “I’d love a ride home, but I insist that you stick around for a while and get some rest yourself. Neither one of us should really be driving today.”
“Fair enough,” Alex said, looking forward to seeing where Pure lived and wondering if they would be sharing a bed for their nap.
Alex led Purity to his car. She found it hard to stay awake on the drive to her apartment. She was glad Alex had offered to drive her home.
Upon entering her apartment, Pure said, “Bobby’s using the guest room, but he’ll be out for several hours with Meg, so make yourself at home.”
Well, that answered that question, Alex thought to himself.
Alex gave Purity an affectionate kiss and said, “Sweet dreams.”
“You, too,” Pure replied, and then headed to her bedroom for some much needed rest.
Meg didn’t remember the movie. The plot evaded her. Bobby’s leg touching hers, their hands bumping in the popcorn bucket and his arm around her shoulder had sent her to a land far, far away.
Court and Pure teased her relentlessly about being a dreamer, but what was wrong with wanting a white knight on a fiery steed sweeping her off her feet? Bobby’s armor was bright and shiny in Meg’s eyes.
Lunch had been a blur of scents and tastes, dimmed by comparison to the feeling of Bobby’s eyes on hers. She knew they talked and shared stories, but now, as they were walking along the waterfront watching the seagulls hover around the ferry as it bumped gently against the dock, all she knew was she wanted to live every day of her life feeling like she did this very minute.
The moment was picturesque and romantic and Bobby couldn’t keep his eyes off Meg’s lips. His fingers caressed her cheek and his thumb brushed against her lips.
Meg thought the moment was sheer torture. She wanted him closer still. She looked up into Bobby’s eyes and leaned forward, hoping he was thinking the same thing she was. He leaned forward, as well, and their lips met. Meg closed her eyes and drank in the sounds and feelings coursing through her veins. She would remember this moment. It was being burned into her memory.
The kiss deepened as tongues explored and hands found their way to secret places. Bobby fisted his hand in Meg’s hair and they both felt their hunger grow.
Bobby was drowning and he didn’t care that he wasn’t wearing a life jacket. He had dreamed of this, and so much more, for months.
Meg’s feet couldn’t feel the ground. She was floating. When Bobby whispered in her ear that he wanted to be alone with her, it took a few moments for his words to sink in.
“You want to have sex?” Meg said bluntly, thinking Bobby’s armor had suddenly become rusted, filthy and full of holes.
“I want to be closer to you,” Bobby explained, trying to back paddle.
“I want to go home,” Meggie said, removing herself from Bob’s embrace and heading back toward the car briskly. Her blood was as cold as ice. What kind of woman did he think she was? Had she given him the impression she was easy? She hadn’t prevented him from kissing her and she hadn’t stopped him from holding her hand, but was that really a sign that she wanted to sleep with him? Meg didn’t know whether to be insulted or excited.
“Meg,” Bobby fell into step with her within seconds, “I didn’t mean anything. I like you and I want to be with you. I didn’t mean to offend you.” He knew he shouldn’t have said anything. It just felt right in the moment and now she was pissed off.
Meg stopped walking and turned to face Bobby. “It’s not your fault. I think I sent you mixed signals. I didn’t mean to. You need to understand something, Bobby. I want it all. Prince Charming, the castle, romance, all of it. I won’t settle for less. I may want you physically, but I mean it when I say I won’t settle. One-night stands are not for me. They never have been. If that’s what you’re looking for, we can just end this thing now with no hard feelings.”
“End this thing?” Bobby replied with surprise in his voice. “I just wanted to have sex. If you don’t want to have sex, fine. Who’s talking about ending anything? I’m not.”
“I thought if you didn’t get what you wanted… well… you’d be done with me,” Meg said, looking at the cement sidewalk.
Bobby put his hand under her chin and lifted it gently so their eyes met. “You’re in my blood. I’ll never be done with you.”
Somewhere deep in her heart, Meg heard the whinny of Sir Bobby’s horse nearby.
Alex couldn’t sleep. The thought of Purity in the next room was driving him crazy. He wondered if she wore pajamas, a silky nightgown, or nothing at all while she slept. How in the hell had she managed to have such a hold on him so quickly?
Alex decided sleep just wasn’t going to happen, so he got up and went to the kitchen. He rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and rummaged through the refrigerator and pantry. He puckered his lips as he named off ingredients in his head. He could make this work. He pulled cornbread mix, beans, canned tomatoes and seasonings out of the cupboard and onions and garlic out of the fridge. Alex’s famous chili and cornbread was about to be created. The longer it simmered, the better it would taste.
He put some Lynyrd Skynyrd into Pure’s CD player, making sure the volume wasn’t too loud so it wouldn’t disturb Purity’s sleep. He began dicing onions to Sweet Home Alabama.
Purity slept hard, for forty-five minutes, then woke up gasping for air. She almost yelped. Sweat beads were rolling off her forehead and her body was slick, as if she’d just ran ten miles. She put her right hand up to her neck to feel for bruises. There were none. It was a dream. Only it wasn’t really. It was a memory.
Heavy sobs released themselves as she cried into her pillow. When would the nightmare end? When would the memory diminish and lose its powerful spell? She felt like she hadn’t had a peaceful sleep in ages.
Finally able to take deep, cleansing breaths, Pure became aware of a wonderful smell. Then she remembered Alex. Was Alex cooking? No man she had ever gone out with had prepared food for her.
Pure pulled on sweat pants and a tank top and headed into the kitchen, following her nose.
“Lynyrd Skynyrd, chili and a gorgeous man in my kitchen, am I dreaming?” Purity asked as she kissed Alex on the cheek.
“You should be dreaming. How come you’re not sleeping?” Alex inquired, concern leaking through in his voice.
“Bad dream,” Pure said, wondering if she should tell him the whole Derek story.
Alex didn’t ask in words, but his eyes did. She wanted him to know, to understand. Pure walked around the counter and climbed up onto one of the stools, resting her elbows on the counter. “Let me tell ya a little story ‘bout a man named Derek,” Pure attempted to lighten the mood by singing the words to the tune of the Beverly Hillbillies theme. Alex didn’t smile. Instead, he followed Pure’s path and sat on the stool next to hers.
Purity spilled the tale of her relationship with Derek Worthington. Alex didn’t interrupt or offer advice. He did put his hand on her knee about halfway through the story. When she was done, Alex said only one word. “Bastard.”
Purity kissed Alex. A slow, mesmerizing kiss filled with appreciation, thankfulness, relief and amazement that she had been so lucky to find someone she just might be able to share her life with. As they enjoyed a long hug, Purity found the words I love you on the tip of her tongue.
Bobby and Meg were greeted at Pure’s apartment door by Alex.
“Purity’s in the shower,” he explained with a nod of his head toward the bathroom.
Meg wondered if the idea of sharing the shower with Alex had occurred to Purity. Knowing Pure, it had definitely crossed her mind.
Bobby went into the kitchen to raid the refrigerator for a beer while Alex whispered something to Meg. Bobby’s eyes narrowed. “What are you two whispering about?”
Meggie smiled and said sweetly, “Nothing.”
Bobby was suspicious, but decided it couldn’t be too bad if they weren’t concerned that he was standing right there watching them.
Purity emerged from the shower wrapped in a white terry cloth robe with arms that hung about four inches below her hands.
“You know you can get robes in different sizes now,” Bobby teased his sister.
Purity threw the towel she had been using to dry her hair at Bobby. “I don’t like boys. They all have cooties.”
“Not all of us,” Alex shot back with a grin.
“What smells so good?” Meg said, interrupting their playful antics as she took the lid off the pot of simmering chili.
“Alex’s chili,” Pure answered. “Have some, there’s plenty. It’s delish.”
“I’ll take some, too,” Bobby said, joining Meg in the kitchen and rummaging through the cupboards looking for bowls.
“There’s cornbread in the plastic container on the counter,” Alex added. “Help yourself.”
The friends and siblings sprawled over the comfortable couches and popped a movie into the DVD player. Within fifteen minutes, they were all fast asleep.
Emily Cravens was sitting on her front porch sipping iced tea when Alex pulled his silver Chevy Malibu up to the curb. Mrs. Cravens’ directions were easy to follow. Alex got out of the car and surveyed the house Purity longed to call her own. He could see why she liked it so much. It seemed like a perfect fit for Pure’s personality and nature, warm and genuine.
“Well, don’t just stand there, come on up to the porch,” Emily said with a welcoming lilt in her voice. “I poured you a glass of iced tea. Do you like sugar or that artificial stuff?”
“I like real sugar,” Alex answered as he walked through the white picket gate and up the steps onto the porch.
“Me, too. That artificial stuff tastes like crap,” Emily said with a twinkle in her eye.
The cool drink soothed Alex’s parched throat and he sat in the chair Mrs. Cravens motioned for him to sit in.
“Mighty nice of you to buy my house for Purity,” Emily started. “I don’t want just anybody living here and I know she’d take good care of the place.”
“I believe Purity would consider it an honor to live here, as well,” Alex replied. “I think the asking price is more than reasonable,” he paused and pulled a check out of his pocket. “I took the liberty of writing a check already. Hope you don’t mind.” Alex handed the check to Mrs. Cravens.
Emily’s hand shook slightly as she accepted the check. She had never seen so many digits on a check before. She knew she was doing the right thing, but it still felt odd, like she was selling her memories. She slipped the check into her ample bosom and secured it with part of her bra strap. She picked up her glass and raised it in a gesture of a toast.
“May this house bring Purity as much joy as it has brought me and my family,” Emily said.
They clinked their glasses and Alex said, “Here, here.”
Paperwork details would be worked out later. Alex couldn’t wait to tell Purity she had a house that was all hers.
Meg wasn’t sure what to do, so she called Courtney.
“What’s up, Meggie?” Court asked, after seeing Meg’s name displayed on her caller ID.
“I don’t know what to do!” Meg half-shrieked into the phone. “I mean, I love Pure and I want her to be happy, but I’m not sure I should have told him. Of course, he could easily have found out some other way, but… Oh, I don’t know!”
“Back up and start at the beginning, Meg, you’re not making any sense,” Courtney said, plopping herself down in a big, overstuffed chair.
Taking a deep breath Meg said, “When Bob and I came back from our date, Alex asked me if I had Emily Cravens’ phone number. I said sure and gave it to him. I know her number by heart because she used to give me piano lessons when I was younger, but I didn’t have a piano at my house to practice on, so she let me come over and use hers. Anyhow, I gave him the number and then asked why he wanted it and he said he wanted to surprise Pure by buying her the house.”
“Oh,” Court replied.
“See! See! That’s the thing! This whole scenario could totally blow up in Alex’s face. Pure might not want Alex to buy her the house. You know how she likes to earn things and accomplish things for herself. So, what if she gets all mad at Alex, and then mad at me for giving Alex Mrs. Cravens’ number?” Meg’s voice rose higher and higher with each word.
“First of all, Meggie, you need to breathe,” Courtney reminded her friend. “Second of all, I have the feeling that if Alex McCallister wanted to find Mrs. Cravens’ number, he could have done it without your help. Third of all, we don’t know how Pure will react. I think she’s falling for Alex, so maybe she’ll simply accept the completely lavish gift and enjoy it for what it is.”
Meg thought about Court’s words. “No way will Pure just enjoy the gift for what it is. She’ll either read more into it or say she can’t accept it. Or both.”
“You’re right,” Courtney agreed. “Still, it’s quite the romantic gesture, don’t you think?”
“If Bobby bought me a house, I’d certainly accept it and I’d ask him to move into it with me,” Meg said.
“So, things are serious with you and the Bobster?”
“Yes. Well I think they could be. I told him I didn’t want to have sex and he was okay with it, at least for now.”
“That’s cool,” Court stated. “I like it when guys don’t put on the pressure and allow things to happen naturally.”
“Me, too.”
“So, when’s Alex going to tell Pure the news?” Courtney asked.
“I’m not sure. He said he was going to call Mrs. Cravens right away, so my guess is as soon as he can gather the money to pay for the house.”
“That shouldn’t be long,” Court said. “From what I’ve heard about Alex McCallister, he could just write a check out for the full amount.”
“Man, that must be nice,” Meg commented, not being able to imagine having that much cash available whenever you wanted it.
“Seriously.”
“Thanks so much, Court,” Meg paused. “I feel like I can breathe now.”
“Breathing is good, Meg.”
“Yes, yes it is,” Meg said, ending their conversation.
Meg and Court both wondered how Purity would respond to Alex’s offering.


Chapter Eight

Emily Cravens had given Alex a key to the house so he could present it to Purity. Alex stopped by the Hallmark store and found a card that he thought fit the moment. He also purchased a piece of red silk ribbon and had the clerk tie it in a beautiful bow around the key. Alex knew if he tried to tie the bow it would have looked like a wreck. Once in his car, he wrote “welcome home” on the card and then placed the key inside the card, put it inside the envelope and ran the gummed edge across his tongue and sealed it.
He couldn’t wait to see Pure’s face when she opened it. He had arranged to meet her for dinner after she and her brother visited their mom in the hospital. Alex hadn’t been this excited to give someone a gift in a very long time.
Bobby dropped Purity off at Alex’s home and headed over to pick up Meg, as they were going to get together for dinner as well.
Pure loved the look of Alex’s home. It was a log cabin, although the word cabin implied that the house was small and it definitely was not small. Pure guessed it had at least four bedrooms and there were two visible brick fireplaces. The rolling green lawn was surrounded by tall pine trees. Crimson and butter colored rose bushes flanked the entryway on trellis’ that reached toward the second story.
She half expected to see a big dog come bounding around the corner with a couple of kids in tow. This was a house built for a family. As Pure’s eyes tried to catch every nuance of the landscape, she remembered that Alex was married. He had a family. Did he have kids? She had never asked him. She hadn’t really wanted to think about the fact that he was still a married man, no matter how hard Sheila said he tried to get a divorce from his wife. The fact remained, Alex McCallister was married. Pure frowned at the thought. She needed to have a talk with him and she needed to have it soon.
The front door swung open and Alex appeared in a pair of worn jeans and a navy blue t-shirt with one small, white star on the pocket.
“Hey, sugar,” he said as he quickly made his way from the front stoop to Pure’s side. He kissed her lightly on the lips and inhaled her scent.
“Hi,” Purity replied, savoring the feeling of Alex’s lips on hers. How come when she was anywhere near Alex, all thoughts of his wife disappeared?
“Come on in, I’ll give you the grand tour,” Alex said, gesturing for Purity to head into his home. The living room was earthy and warm in tones of sienna, hunter green, and chocolate. The sectional sofa was leather and felt like sweet cream to the touch.
“That must have cost you a bundle?” Pure couldn’t help but comment.
“It did,” Alex agreed with a large grin. “It was worth it.”
“Your home is so warm and inviting. I love the fireplace,” Pure stated, running her fingers across the sturdy brick. “How long have you lived here?”
“About two years,” Alex replied, remembering how much Callie had hated the idea of living in a log house. She refused to even consider moving into the home Alex had helped build. He hadn’t told her about it. He wanted it to be a surprise. It was a surprise all right, but not the kind he wanted. Callie had insisted that he purchase a house in a better neighborhood. Alex thought the neighborhood was perfect.
Taking a deep breath and deciding to take the bull by the horns, Purity asked, “Does your wife live here with you?”
Alex’s eyes seemed to bore right into her skull.
So, she wanted to go there, Alex thought, running his right hand through his hair like he always did when he’d rather be somewhere else. Anywhere else.
Alex sat down on the sofa and replied, “No. My wife, Callie, and I haven’t lived together for well over two years.” He fingered his wedding band, then continued. “I’ve been trying to convince her that we have grown apart and we need to end this…” Alex paused, grasping for the right word, “charade. It’s a marriage of convenience. Actually it’s very inconvenient,” he said as he stood up and began pacing.
Purity stood where she had been standing when she asked the question, watching Alex move as if he were a caged animal.
“She won’t grant me a divorce. If it’s not amicable, if both parties don’t agree, there has to be another reason -- infidelity, lying, finding out someone is a homosexual, whatever -- she won’t agree to irreconcilable differences,” Alex explained, again running his right hand through his hair. “I’m so damn frustrated by it all and I just don’t know what to do. I don’t want to hurt her,” Alex’s eyes were soft with concern. “I just want to get on with my life and I want her to get on with hers.”
“Is she seeing anyone?” Purity inquired, thinking that maybe if Callie were involved with someone, she’d be more willing to move on.
“She was for a while, but she’s not now. At least not that I’m aware of.”
“You still wear your wedding ring.” It was more of a statement than a question.
“Yes.” Alex looked down at the gold band on his finger. “Yes, I do.”
Purity walked over and stood within arm’s reach of Alex. “Maybe you’re hanging on to the marriage just a little bit, too,” she suggested quietly.
Alex’s head rose suddenly and his eyes were bright with restrained anger. What in the hell did she know about his marriage? Twelve years he and Callie had been together, you don’t just throw that away on some whim.
“Say it,” Purity advised, “I can take it. There’s no use thinking something and not just saying it. I can see it in your eyes anyway.”
“Some words are better left unsaid,” Alex’s tone was hard as a rock.
So, his marriage was a tender topic. Well, they’d have to talk about it eventually because she had no intention of getting involved with a man who was committed to someone else. Even if they had been together for a long time, that didn’t explain why he still wore his wedding ring. Maybe he felt responsible for Callie, like he needed to take care of her. If that was the case, why didn’t he say so? How was she supposed to trust a man who wouldn’t even share his feelings with her?
“This night certainly isn’t turning out the way I planned,” Alex commented, turning his back on Purity and walking over to stare into the unlit logs in the fireplace.
“Alex, we need to be able to communicate,” Pure said, as she approached him once again. “You are already aware that I have huge trust issues. There’s no way I can get involved with someone who is married.”
“You knew I was married before you ever kissed me,” Alex challenged.
“Yes,” Pure replied, trying to stay calm. “I figured we’d talk about your situation and I’d come to understand what was involved in your relationship, but I don’t really understand. I think, if you really wanted to get a divorce, you would. That’s how you live every other aspect of your life.”
“How do you know how I live every aspect of my life?” Alex exploded. He didn’t want to talk about this. He wanted to give Pure her house and have her be delighted and happy. He didn’t want to be married to Callie and he didn’t like someone questioning how he had lived the last several years of his life. He was beginning to regret the day he met Purity Indigo Zyetta.
“Maybe I should go,” Purity said, realizing that Alex’s anger was making communication near to impossible.
“Maybe you should.”
The words stung and Purity dug her fingernails into the palm of her hand to keep the tears at bay. Why had she trusted him? Why had she thought Alex McCallister was different than every other man she had been with?
Purity headed for the door, deciding that she would take great satisfaction from slamming it on her way out, which she did. It felt good. Perfect in fact! Her blood was boiling and the tears fell hot on her cheeks. She didn’t care. Alex couldn’t see her now, so she’d create a flood if she damn well wanted to.
As she stormed down the sidewalk and onto the main road, Purity realized she didn’t have her car with her. Bobby had borrowed the car to pick up Meg. The plan had been to have Alex drive her home later. There was no way in hell she was going to go back up to that house and ask him to take her home.
Purity found her cell phone in her bag and called Tapestry.
“Hey, Pure, what’s up?”
 “I’m stranded at the corner of Sycamore and Eighteenth Street. Can you come pick me up?” Tears made Purity’s voice sound nasally and much too high.
“Are you okay?”
“Yes. No. I’m… such a stupid, stupid idiot,” Purity said, then sighed deeply. “Remind me never to trust a man again.”
“I’ll be right there,” Tap said, then hung up the phone, grabbed her keys and made her way to Pure’s location.
On the way to pick Purity up, Tapestry called Courtney and Meg. It was time for compassionate friends, ice cream and lots of Kleenex.
Purity thanked Tap for coming to pick her up and then the car filled with unspoken words, creating a thick silence that remained in the air for the drive home.
Tapestry could feel the anger and sorrow oozing from every pore on Pure’s flesh. Words were not needed, or even wanted in the moment. Tap knew there was one thing that would surely bring a smile to Pure’s lips, even if only for a moment, so she headed for the McDonald’s drive-through for a large Diet Coke. She was rewarded for her effort with a wan smile and a heavy sigh after Purity took a drink.
“Thanks,” Purity said, letting the cool beverage calm her mind and give her body a sweet jolt of caffeine.
When they pulled into Pure’s parking lot and saw Court and Meg sitting on Pure’s steps, Tap said, “The gang’s all here.”
Purity saw her trusted friends with signs of anxiety and concern written on their faces. Hugs were shared all around and then they all entered Pure’s apartment. Meg headed for the kitchen to grab bowls to put the ice cream Courtney had brought into.
Pure was glad she’d only have to recount her tale once and everyone would hear it.
As they resumed their usual places in the living room with their ice cream and cold beverages in hand, Pure said, “Alex McCallister is an asshole. I don’t know what I was thinking! I should never have gotten involved with him.”
“I knew it! I knew this had something to do with Alex,” Meg jumped into the conversation. She sighed a deep, breathy sigh of regret. “I’m so sorry, Pure. I didn’t know if I should say anything or not and Court said Alex would find out on his own anyway, which he would have,” Meg mumbled the last part under her breath.
“I thought you might be falling for Alex and think his gesture was romantic and a sign that he wanted to make a commitment to you,” Courtney added.
“What are you two talking about?” Pure asked, completely confused by what they were saying.
“It wasn’t like it was a bad thing,” Meg tried to explain.
“No, I don’t think it was bad, either,” Courtney quickly agreed with her friend. “Maybe just a bit misguided. He needed to get to know you better before assuming you’d accept such a gift.”
“It certainly implied that you and Alex were in some sort of long-term relationship for sure,” Meg continued. “It’s not every day you’re given a house you’ve been dreaming about for years and years.”
Purity had been trying to piece the conversation together and fill in the gaps, but it wasn’t making any sense. What gift? What commitment? What house?
“Whoa,” Purity said, holding up her hand. “I need someone to start at the beginning, please.”
Tapestry interjected, trying to find some clarity amongst the jumbled up communication. “Pure, why are you upset with Alex?”
“I’m mad at Alex because he’s married and he seems to have no plans of getting unmarried any time soon. And, he won’t even talk about it! He told me I knew he was married before I kissed him. What is that supposed to mean? I didn’t plan on kissing him and I didn’t plan on falling for someone I work with. And, I didn’t plan on falling for someone who is still either hung up on his wife, who he claims he can’t get a divorce from, or is quite happy in the role of caretaker so he never has to open his heart to someone new and actually have a life of his own.” Pure was waving her hands around while she spoke and her voice was rising higher and louder.
“Oh,” Meg and Court said in unison, their eyes averted Purity’s to closely examine the ice cream in their bowls.
“What were you two talking about?” Tapestry inquired pointedly at Meg and Court.
The two women looked at each other and then Meg said, “Alex asked me for Mrs. Cravens’ phone number yesterday,” she paused and then looked up into Purity’s eyes, “because he wanted to buy her home and give it to you as a gift.”
The words were like a solid punch in the gut to Purity. Then the nausea spread throughout the rest of her body. Alex had bought her the house of her dreams. Pure bit her lip and scrutinized a dark spot on her carpet. She couldn’t fathom the idea. Nobody buys someone a house.
Her heart hurt. She knew that someone like Alex McCallister would do that very thing. He probably hadn’t even thought the whole prospect over. He would have had the idea and acted on it immediately.
That must have been what he meant when he said the evening wasn’t turning out like he planned. All she had talked about was his wife and all he wanted to do was give her the largest gift she would have ever received. Purity felt incredibly small.
Tapestry put her hand on Pure’s arm, “Are you okay?” she asked.
Pure half-croaked, “Yes.” Then added in a voice barely audible, “No one has ever even considered doing something so amazing for me before.” Purity felt stunned. It didn’t change the fact that he was still married and something was keeping him connected to Callie, but it also spoke to Alex’s generous nature and how much he must care about her. Or did he want her to be indebted to him?
“I don’t want to owe any man anything,” Purity remarked, her shock and surprise giving way to feelings of independence. “I want to make my own way, set goals and accomplish them. I want to earn the house of my dreams, not be handed it on a silver tray by a man who has enough money to buy twenty houses if he wants to.” Purity took a deep breath. “It’s a wonderful and kind gesture, but even if Alex had offered me the house, I wouldn’t be able to accept it. It wouldn’t feel right in my spirit.”
Pure looked at Court and Meg and stated, “Meggie, of course I’m not mad at you for giving Alex Mrs. Cravens’ number. And, Court, you’re right, if Alex wanted the number, he’d find a way to get it.”
“So what now?” Court inquired.
All eyes were on Purity.
“I don’t know,” Pure stated. “I’m not exactly sure where Alex and I stand now. I told him I won’t be involved with a married man, so if he intends to stay married, then…”
“You sort of issued an ultimatum. Either he gets a divorce from his wife or you won’t be seeing him any more,” Meg said.
“Yeah, I guess that’s exactly what I did.”
“Can you live with that decision?” Courtney inquired.
“I think I have to. If he chooses her, then he chooses her,” Pure remarked. “I won’t play second fiddle and I want a lifetime commitment. I’m not settling for anything less this time.”
Alex stared at the door Purity slammed for well over ten minutes. Obviously, she wasn’t coming back. She had some nerve challenging him about his relationship with his wife. Why would he stay with Callie one day longer than he absolutely had to? Why would she think, even in some small way, he wanted to still be married?
He would never understand women. Never.
Alex decided to work off some of his tension and anxiety by calling Mark Watterson to see if he wanted to play a game of tennis at the indoor court at The Kids’ Place. Luckily, Mark was home and available. They arranged to meet each other in half an hour.
“Couldn’t wait to get beat for the third week in a row, huh?” Mark began the back-and-forth banter that always ensued when the two men played any sport.
“Something like that,” Alex said, half-heartedly.
Mark noticed the change in his friends’ demeanor, but remained silent. If Alex wanted to tell him what was going on, he would do it at his own pace.
The game was over in short order, with Mark scoring all the points. “I thought you said you wanted to play tennis?” he chided Alex.
“Guess my head’s not quite in the game.”
“Where is it?”
Evading Mark’s question, Alex inquired, “Do you think I want to get a divorce from Callie?”
Mark used his racket to bounce his tennis ball against the court flooring a few times, thinking about his answer. “That’s what you’ve told me for several years,” Mark finally stated.
“But do you believe that I want to get one?” Alex insisted.
“Where are you heading with this?” Mark countered, as much to get to what was bothering his friend as not to speak words his friend might not want to hear.
“I was told today that if I wanted to get a divorce, I would have done it,” Alex finally confessed part of what had been eating away at him.
“Purity?” Mark inquired.
Alex’s eyes met Mark’s. “Yes. She gave me an ultimatum today. I either get a divorce or she won’t see me anymore.”
“That’s rough,” Mark said, wondering if this was just the push Alex needed to finally close this chapter on his past. “You think she has a point?”
“No. Not at first. But it’s been bugging me ever since she said it. I wanted to give Callie time, but two years is a long time. More than enough time to decide if we should be together or not,” Alex replied.
“It’s something to think about,” Mark commented, measuring his words carefully. He could tell that Alex was in his processing mode. He was a wise man and once he found a bit of perspective, he would take action to change whatever he felt was out of alignment. The only real question was how long would it take for him to see that his marriage to Callie was over a long time ago and it was past time to move on.
“I think I’ll try to get over and see Callie tomorrow. Maybe find out where she stands on things,” Alex said, running his hand through his hair. After a short pause, Alex offered, “Best two out of three?”
Mark knew this was Alex’s way of signaling that the conversation was over.
“It’s your money to burn,” Mark replied with a grin.
Callie had agreed to meet Alex at noon at the Dragon Tail restaurant.
In the car on the way there, Alex had done a lot of thinking about the past few years with Callie. He hated to admit it, but there was a part of him that responded strongly to a woman in need. He liked being the provider, the protector. It certainly had been easier to not get involved with someone again after he and Callie’s relationship had died away. All he had to say was he was married and women backed off. Well, most women. Even just wearing his wedding band sent the message that he was off the market. Plus, no one tried to set him up on dates or ask him over and over why he wasn’t married.
Maybe he had gotten lax. Put up a wall that he hadn’t even noticed. He had a full life, except for having a woman to share it with. And then along came Purity. Beautiful, sexy as hell, and with a charm that would make a bee gladly give up its honey just to be near her.
One thing Alex held onto was the fact that she hadn’t said she didn’t love him and she hadn’t said good-bye. She had basically said choose, which meant she cared enough to want him to make a commitment.
Alex entered the restaurant and was seated. He looked at his watch about fifteen minutes later. Typical, Alex thought, Callie was late.
About five minutes later, Callie McCallister casually walked up to the table and sat down.
She looked lovely in a white linen suit with a sky blue shell underneath. A string of pearls danced around her neck and her ears were decorated with the diamonds Alex gave her on their honeymoon. Her auburn locks were flawless and every strand of hair was perfectly in place down to her shoulders. Her emerald eyes were gazing curiously at Alex, wondering why he wanted to meet her. Her lip and nail color were a flaming red. Alex always hated it when she wore bright colors.
After hello’s were said and they had placed their order, Callie remarked, “So, what do you want to talk about, Alex?”
“I think we both need to move on with our lives, Callie.”
“We’ve had this conversation many times. I’m perfectly satisfied with the way things are now. I don’t see any reason to change.”
“Well, I do.”
Callie searched Alex’s eyes and then responded, “You’ve got a girlfriend.” It wasn’t a question, it was a statement.
“Whether or not I have a girlfriend is irrelevant,” Alex paused to take a sip of hot tea. “What is relevant,” he continued, “is that we don’t love one another the way we used to. We’ve grown apart, Cal, and it’s time for us to end the charade. I plan to file divorce papers on Monday.”
Callie’s lips turned upward in a smile that did not reach her eyes. “You can file whatever you like. I will not sign divorce papers. Not now, or ever.” Callie got up from the table and left the restaurant.
Damn! He’d have to contact a lawyer and see what the legalities were for getting a divorce from someone who wouldn’t willingly sign divorce papers. He hadn’t wanted to use the infidelity card, but he would if he was pushed far enough.
As he sat in his car at the red light, Alex let his fingers wander to the gold band on his left hand. It had meant so much to him for so many years. Now it was a symbol of what was keeping him from having a future with Purity. He needed to move on.
Alex removed the ring from his finger. It was time to say good-bye to Callie and allow his heart to embrace love again.
Alex put the gold band in his pocket, then looked at his now ringless finger. It felt strange and different, and it felt right.

Chapter Nine

Meg practically talked Bobby’s ear off after leaving the gathering at Pure’s home. It was late, but Meg couldn’t sleep and she wanted a man’s perspective on the whole situation.
Bobby’s initial instinct was to head over to Alex’s house and beat the crap out of him. Nobody hurts his sister and gets away with it; however, he liked Alex, at least what he knew of him.
“So, what do you think?” Meg finally asked.
“I think he ought to shit or get off the pot,” Bobby replied. “So to speak,” he added.
“Maybe you could talk with him, ya know, man to man,” Meg suggested.
“I’m not sure I should get involved. Pure’s a big girl and I think she can handle herself.”
“Yes, but this is different,” Meggie stressed.
“How so?”
“I think Pure is in love with Alex.”
Bobby thought about the significance of Meg’s words. If Purity truly was in love with Alex, then he wanted to do everything he could to help them work through this rough patch.
“I’ll go see him tomorrow,” Bobby said, relenting.
“Thanks, Bobby,” Meg said. “Wear your white hat,” she remarked casually, her voice warm with a suppressed giggle.
“I’ll be sure to do that.”
It was mid-afternoon before Bobby made it over to Alex’s home. He remembered the way from dropping Pure off there a couple days ago. He wasn’t sure what he was going to say, but he wanted to know what Alex’s intentions were toward his sister.
Knocking on the door, he fidgeted. He’d rather just have a good ol’ knock down drag out than sit around and talk about feelings.
Alex showed no signs of surprise when he opened the door to find Bobby Zyetta standing on his welcome mat.
“Hey, Bobby,” Alex said, offering his hand in greeting.
“Alex,” Bobby nodded his head and shook Alex’s hand.
“Come in,” Alex said, moving to the side so Bobby could enter. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Seems like you and me have some talking to do,” Bobby replied, sitting down on the leather sofa, facing the fireplace. Alex sat on the opposite couch.
“You came to find out what my intentions are with your sister,” Alex stated.
Bobby nodded in agreement.
“I plan to marry her, if she’ll have me.”
Bobby had not expected this response and the revelation left him speechless.
“Cat got your tongue?” Alex asked, knowing full well his words had rendered Bobby silent.
“I guess I thought you were more of a ‘living in the moment’ kind of guy. Not really thinking about the future.”
“I used to be that kind of guy, but Purity seems to have changed that about me. I want my future to include her. And,” Alex paused, “to that end, I plan to see a lawyer on Monday and get divorce proceedings started with my wife.”
“Does Pure know this?”
“No,” Alex responded. “I’m not getting the divorce solely to be with Purity. I should have done this years ago. Even if Pure doesn’t want anything to do with me, although I hope she does, I would still be pursuing the divorce from Callie. It needs to happen. I want to get on with my life and put the past behind me.”
“I’m glad to hear you say that,” Bobby said sincerely. “I’ll admit, I came over here thinking I may just need to kick your ass, but I can see that I was on target about you from the beginning.” Bobby stood up and prepared to leave. “I think you’re good for Purity, and she’s good for you. I wish you all the best.”
“Thanks, Bob,” Alex commented. The two men shook hands again and then Bobby headed for the door.
“Oh, one more thing,” Bobby said, turning around to face Alex. “Are you still planning to give Pure the house?”
“I’m not sure now. I’m actually hoping, if all goes well, that she’ll want to come and live with me here, in my home. Why do you ask?”
“I was just thinking that it might be a great wedding present for me to give Meg,” Bobby stated.
Now it was Alex’s turn to be wordless. “You two are serious, huh?” Alex finally asked.
“I am,” Bobby replied. “I’m not exactly sure about Meg.”
“Women are hard to read,” Alex commented.
“They sure as hell are,” Bob replied.
“The house would make a great wedding present,” Alex said, contemplating the best deal he could make that would be fair to all parties. “Tell ya what, I’ll sell it to you for the same price I paid for it. It’ll be a wash for me.”
“That sounds good to me,” Bob stated, already planning how he would present his proposal and gift to Meggie.
Bobby walked back to his car with visions of creating a home with Meg filling his mind. He hadn’t noticed the pale white line on Alex’s finger where his wedding band used to reside.
Monday at work, Purity received many accolades for the Garden Party’s success. It had certainly been a busy week, what with her mom having surgery, Bobby staying at her home temporarily, and Derek Worthington showing up. Not to mention her disagreement with Alex. Now it was time to focus on the next event, the Back-To-School Carnival over Labor Day weekend.
Sheila pulled the file and placed it dead center in the middle of Purity’s desk. It was the first thing she saw when she came into the office.
The two co-workers fleshed out a game plan based on last year’s activity and notes Sheila made regarding the event. The Kids’ Place used the same traveling amusement park company, Sammy’s Entertainment, Inc., each year and Sheila secured the dates the previous year. They would provide a couple of thrill rides like the Octopus and the Scrambler and then slower rides for younger children. They would also have a ring toss and other games where toys and stuffed animals could be won.
Sheila suggested calling the Crescent City Clown College to see if their students would be willing to perform for a reduced cost, or even free, to gain experience. Pure thought it was a fabulous idea.
Hot dogs, cotton candy, popcorn and other assorted foods would be provided by Sammy’s, as well.
Invitations and flyers were next on the to-do list, which seemed to be manageable at this point in time. Purity quipped that something must be wrong, as they didn’t feel swamped and anxious. Sheila responded with a hearty, “Not yet any way.”
Throughout the day, Purity found her eyes wandering to her office doorway. She tried to convince herself that she wasn’t looking for Alex’s frame filling the space.
“He’s not here,” Sheila said.
“What?” Pure asked.
“Alex. He’s not here. He’s in Austin. Judd got a call last week asking if a representative could come give them an overview of our program. They didn’t want a PR person. Alex volunteered and then asked if he could bring one of the teenagers who frequent the facility. They said yes, so he asked Charlie Mankins if he wanted to go with him. Charlie jumped at the opportunity. They won’t be back until Thursday because Alex decided to tack on a few extra days and show Charlie a bit of Texas.”
“How do you know all this?”
“I keep my ears open.”
“Or could it be that Judd Broadstreet’s pillow talk includes discussing work?” Purity asked slyly, watching the pink hue rise high on Sheila’s cheeks.
“Why would you say something like that?”
“I’ve seen the way you look at him. And, the way he looks at you. Neither of you are married. You’re both consenting adults. I think you’d make a great couple.”
“Well…” Sheila stammered uncharacteristically. “I mean… oh heck.” Sheila sighed and decided to come clean. “Yes, Judd and I are dating.” Her eyes lit with a fire that burned within. “And, it’s fabulous,” she practically squealed.
Pure put her tablet, pen and file folders aside. “Tell me,” she said encouragingly. “I want to know everything.”
Sheila and Purity spent the next forty-five minutes discussing Judd and Sheila’s two-month relationship. Purity swore she wouldn’t tell a soul and Sheila knew Pure’s word was good as gold. It felt so wonderful to share her news. She had kept it bottled up inside for what seemed like forever.
“What does Danny think of him?” Pure asked.
“Danny adores Judd,” Sheila commented. “At first he wasn’t quite sure what to think of him, but it only took a game of baseball to make him put down his guard and relax.”
Judd Broadstreet appeared at Purity’s office door.
“Speak of the devil,” Pure commented, then smiled to soften the words. “Were your ears burning?”
“No, should they be?” Judd inquired, making sure not to make anything more than casual eye contact with Sheila. Damn she looked good in her black skirt and pink sweater. She looked good in anything, even better without clothes all together. Refocusing, Judd said to Pure, “Can I see you in my office?”
“Sure, I’ll be right there.” Pure gathered up a pad of paper, a pen and her calendar. She whispered to Sheila on her way out, “Do you know what’s up?”
Sheila shook her head no. As Pure made her way to Judd’s office, Sheila Martin’s smile stretched broadly across her face. She was getting good at this whole sneaking around and lying thing.
When Purity made herself comfortable in one of the chairs opposite Judd’s mammoth desk, he began, “Purity, you know I think you are an amazing employee and you have had some stellar ideas so far.”
Purity wasn’t sure where the conversation was heading, but she didn’t like the sound of Judd’s words so far.
“However,” Judd continued, “it has come to my attention that there is an issue we need to discuss.” Judd’s eyes were fixed on hers and the serious tone could not be mistaken. Purity knew what Judd wanted to discuss, her relationship with a member of the board. She knew it had been a mistake to get involved with someone she worked with. She’d just tell Judd the truth and let the chips fall where they may.
“I think I know what you’re going to say,” Purity said.
“I don’t think you do,” Judd countered, “We don’t take this kind of thing lightly, Purity.”
Pure felt a headache coming on and rubbed her forehead lightly with the fingers on her left hand. She really didn’t have much of a defense.
“You’ve been working extremely long hours and have taken your position to the highest level it has ever been at. I just don’t feel that you are being properly compensated.”
Purity saw the glint of pleasure in his eyes and became aware that Judd wasn’t chastising her, he was talking about rewarding her for a job well done.
“The board members have authorized the accounting department to give you a six percent increase on your salary, beginning with the next pay period. Hiring you was one of the best decisions we’ve ever made.”
Pure was pleasantly surprised to drink in Judd’s words and the message they conveyed. “I’m surprised and thrilled and surprised some more,” Pure said. “It feels so good to work for an agency that acknowledges their employees’ contributions. Thank you, Judd, and please, thank the board members for me.”
“I will.”
Purity walked back to her office in a bit of a daze. As she approached Sheila’s desk, she took the pad of paper in her hand and gently hit Sheila’s arm with it. “You little sneak,” Pure said. “You knew exactly what Judd was going to tell me.”
“Yes I did. There was no way I was going to ruin your surprise.”
“I appreciate that. I can’t imagine what this job would be like without you here. We make a great team.”
“I think so, too,” Sheila concurred.
Bobby met Purity after work and they headed over to the hospital to check on their mother. When they entered her room, someone else was sitting in the bed she had occupied. Bobby apologized for the intrusion and they headed to the nurse’s station down the hall. The woman behind the desk said Mary Zyetta had been discharged the previous night. As they made their way back to Bobby’s vehicle, Purity fumed, “So nice of Angela to let us know mom was discharged. Damn her!”
“I guess it’s par for the course,” Bob remarked, then pulled out his cell phone and called their mother’s home number. Angela answered, completely unapologetic that she hadn’t called to let anyone know their mother had been discharged.
When Bobby hung up his phone, he turned to Pure. “Mom is doing really well. Ang is taking her to see her regular doctor tomorrow morning.”
“Don’t you get pissed about all of this?”
“It doesn’t do any good.”
Pure rolled her eyes and threatened, “One of these days…”
“She’s not worth it and you know it. It doesn’t do a damn bit of good to get angry and upset over the whole thing. Angela is Angela. She’s never going to change.”
“I know.” Purity sighed. “It still sticks in my craw, though.”
Bobby smiled at his sibling. Pure was the only person he knew who used the word craw.
“Hungry?” Bobby asked.
“Starving,” Pure replied, realizing her last meal was half a tuna fish sandwich around lunch time.
“I was planning to meet Meg at the café on Elm St.,” Bobby explained.
“I don’t want to butt it on your plans.” Purity wished she hadn’t already said she was hungry. She hated when people horned in on her when she wanted to be alone with someone special.
“It’s really fine. We weren’t planning on a late night. Meg has a seven o’clock breakfast meeting tomorrow.”
“If you really don’t mind, then I’ll tag along,” Pure stated, her empty stomach making the final decision for her.
Bob called Meg to let her know they were leaving the hospital and a time was set to meet at the café.
“So, now that mom’s okay, when do you think you’ll be heading back to Boulder?”
“Couple of days,” Bobby replied vaguely.
He didn’t offer any more information, so Purity inquired, “What about Meg?”
“What about Meg?”
“Would you just answer my question? You are so irritating! Do I really have to spell it out for you?” Pure countered, but didn’t wait for Bobby to answer. “Is your relationship with Meg serious and what are your plans for the future? There, how’s that for specific?”
Bobby grinned. It had always been easy to wind Pure up. She was so predictable.
“Frankly, my dear sister…” Bobby began.
Purity laughed at Bobby’s Rhett Butler imitation, then said, “You truly are infuriating, you know that, right?”
“That’s why you love me,” Bob replied.
“No, I love you in spite of how much you infuriate me, not because you infuriate me.”
When they arrived at the café, Purity realized Bobby had never given her an answer about Meg. He could be so tight-lipped when he wanted to be. Pure knew that Meggie was head-over-heels in love with Bob, so she could only hope he felt as strongly about her. She didn’t want a broken-hearted Meg on her hands when Bobby left. She would not be put in the middle and be forced to choose a side. She decided that long ago, when Bob had dated her best friend in high school. That whole thing had ended miserably and for a while Pure lost both her best friend and her brother. She vowed back then that she would never be put in that position again and she kept those boundaries firmly in place.
Meg was already seated when they walked through the entryway. She waved at them and her face was beaming as Bobby’s eyes caught hers. Pure watched the two of them carefully throughout their meal. Bobby was definitely more smitten than he let on. Pure thought it wouldn’t be long before Bob would be returning. He was leaving part of his heart here with Meg.
Although the week had been busy and full, Pure couldn’t help but be very aware of the days and hours until Alex’s return. She hated that so much of her time was filled with thoughts of him. Wondering if he made his choice, and what it would be. She chastised herself for not telling him that he had a deadline. She should have told him that he had twenty-four hours to make up his mind. Then she wouldn’t be waiting and wondering four days later.
Pure stared at her computer screen, absently tapping her pencil on her desk. The thwapping noise was completely unheard by her ears, but very much audible to Sheila Martin. Sheila knew Purity was on pins and needles. They had shared lunch at the Olive Garden the previous day and Pure had spilled the entire tale to her assistant. Sheila was convinced that Alex would choose Purity.
Alex and Charlie made it back to the city by two p.m. He had just enough time to drop Charlie off at his home, swing by the lawyer’s office to pick up the two sets of divorce papers, and then head over to Callie’s place unannounced.
Alex had crafted a plan that his lawyer agreed might work. He wasn’t sure how Callie would respond, but if things went the way he hoped, he would leave her home with either a signature on one set of divorce papers or a decision by Callie to drag her name into the mud. He didn’t particularly care which one at the moment. He was banking on the fact that Callie would care.
He parked half a block away from Callie’s home. No sense alerting her even one minute more than necessary. He made his way up the front steps and rang the doorbell. Callie opened the door wearing a miniscule red bathing suit. She had an orange-colored drink in her right hand.
“Alex,” Callie said, surprised to see him. “I didn’t get a message that you were coming over today.”
“I didn’t leave you one.”
“Well, that would explain it then,” Callie replied, eyeing the file folder in his hand.
“May I come in?” Alex asked.
“I don’t know. Why don’t you tell me why you’re here first?”
So, she was going to play hardball right from the start. Well, two could play that game and he had a feeling his swing was going to be much stronger than Callie’s.
“I have two sets of divorce papers in this folder,” Alex began. “One set states that we both want a divorce, the reason cited is irreconcilable differences.”
“And the other?” Callie asked curiously.
“Same papers, except the reason cited for the divorce is adultery. Jack Wagner is named as the man you had sex with while you were legally married to me.”
“Why are you dragging Jack into this? He never did anything to you!” Callie exploded, waving her hands wildly and spilling part of her drink on her off-white carpet. “This is ridiculous. I won’t sign either papers. I think you should leave.” Callie took a step back into the foyer and attempted to slam the door; however, Alex was quicker and placed his foot securely against the doorjamb.
“Not so fast, Cal,” Alex said. “I think you misunderstood. I don’t need your signature on the adultery papers. If you don’t sign the divorce papers stating this is an amicable dissolution of marriage, I will file the paperwork stating you are at fault for our marriage breaking up because of your infidelity and Jack Wagner’s name will go on record as the man you cheated on me with. All you have to do is choose which way you want to dissolve this marriage, simply and easily or down and dirty.”
Taking a different tack, Callie said, “Why, Alex, this is all so sudden. I can’t be expected to make a decision like this on the spur of the moment. I’ll need time to think about this and…”
“You have twenty-four hours to make your decision. At four p.m. tomorrow I’ll either be filing papers stating you committed adultery or I’ll be here on your doorstep witnessing your signature on the amicable divorce paperwork. You have my number. If I don’t hear from you by three-thirty p.m., then I’ll know what you’ve chosen.”
Alex turned and walked back down the stairs toward his car.
Callie stood, mouth agape. Alex had never talked to her like that before in his life and she didn’t like it. Callie needed to talk to Jack, he’d know what to do. As she dialed his number, Callie wondered just who this woman was that could make Alex McCallister’s eyes fill with such determination and have him taking such decisive action.
Bobby and Meg were enjoying a late afternoon stroll sans shoes along the sandy beach. The ferry was just leaving and the sun was almost kissing the waves. Meg had never felt so content. The feel of Bobby’s hand in hers, the seagulls calling to one another as they sat on the pilings by the ferry landing and the feeling of wet sand between her toes made her want to suspend time.
When Bob turned Meg toward him for a lingering kiss, she felt the ache of promise deep in her heart. She knew that Bobby was the man of her dreams. And although she and Purity had felt like sisters practically since the day they first met, it would be nothing short of wonderful to be sisters by marriage.
As the surf swirled around their feet, the two souls joined as one. The thought of Bobby returning to Boulder the next day was almost more than Meg could bear. Even though he assured her he’d be back soon, she didn’t want to spend one day, one hour, without knowing he was near. How would she survive a week?
“I’m going to miss you terribly,” Meg whispered into Bobby’s ear as she nuzzled his neck and sent scorching hot flames across his collarbone with her lips and tongue.
“Me, too,” Bobby replied, feeling the lump in his throat and the now familiar rapid-fire pulse of his blood raging in his veins. Meg was going to be the death of him if he didn’t find some sexual release soon. He’d never masturbated so much in his life and yet been so unsatisfied with the experience. He wanted Meg. No, he needed Meg -- physically, emotionally, mentally, spiritually -- in every way a person could feel connected to another human being. It scared the shit out of him. How was he ever going to get by without seeing her for days on end?
Bob knew he needed to go home and tie up loose ends. He already formulated the plan of how he would ask Meggie to marry him. As the two remained linked, oblivious to all others on the beach, Bobby imagined Meg’s face as he drove up in the white Mustang.
His original idea had been to ride up on a white horse, but his fear of the animal made that plan unpalatable. Besides, he planned to rent a suit of armor and he didn’t think he’d be able to get on and off the horse with all that metal on. He wanted to be her knight in shining armor, not her knight who couldn’t lift his leg or fell off his steed. He hoped it would be romantic as hell.
He’d hand her two dozen red roses tied with a silk ribbon and, of course, he’d bend down on one knee. Then he planned to hand her the key to the Cravens’ place and tell Meggie that she had the key to his heart and he wanted to give her the key to their new home together. Damn if he didn’t feel a tear escaping his left eye at the very thought.
“Are you okay?” Meg asked, pulling back slightly so she could look into Bob’s eyes.
“Yeah. Yeah. I think I got a speck of sand in my eye or something.”
“Want me to kiss it and make it all better?”
“Absolutely,” Bobby replied, allowing Meg to play nurse to his invisible wound. He could definitely get used to this.
 “Where the hell is he?” Purity said as she paced in her office.
“His plane got in hours ago,” Sheila offered, realizing it would be of little help. “Maybe he decided to take the rest of the day off or something. He’ll probably be in tomorrow.”
Purity couldn’t wait any longer. She wanted to know what he decided and she wanted to know now. Anything would be better than waiting around for someone else to map out her future. She turned her computer off and said to Sheila, “I’m going over to his house.”
Sheila thought better of the idea, but saw the look of determination on Pure’s face, so kept silent. As Sheila returned to her desk, Alex McCallister stepped into Purity’s office. Purity had her back to the door and thought the sound was Sheila returning. “I mean, seriously, why hasn’t he called?”
“Maybe he was waiting until he had the information he needed before he called,” Alex said.
Pure froze. She didn’t want to turn around. Why did Alex always show up at the most inopportune times? And, why in the hell did her heart beat faster and her stomach do those silly flip-flops whenever he was around? Purity resumed breathing and turned to face Alex. Damn he looked good. Can he possibly look even better than the last time she saw him?
“Hey,” she said, a bit too breathily. Pure felt like her knees might give way, so she sat back down in her office chair. “Long time, no see,” she said, trying to sound nonchalant as she reached for a file folder from the large stack on the left side of her desk. In her effort to seem unflustered, she accidentally pushed the file folder pile a bit too hard and they all went cascading toward the floor. Alex’s quick reflexes went into action and he caught them mid-air. As he began placing them back on Pure’s desk, Purity noticed that Alex’s wedding ring was absent from his finger.
Joy shot through her like a spark igniting gasoline. She didn’t care if she seemed too eager and she didn’t care if he thought she was crazy, she jumped out of her chair, scurried around the desk and threw herself into Alex’s arms.
The sudden impact thrusted Alex backward into the chair Sheila had recently vacated.
“What in the hell?” Alex half-laughed, half-admonished.
“You’re not wearing your wedding ring any more,” Pure explained. “I’ve been waiting for days and days and days and days,” Pure exaggerated. “I should have given you a twenty-four hour time limit or made you make your choice on the spot or,” Purity paused, “I don’t know. But, does this mean what I think it means? Are you choosing me, Alex?” Purity’s hope-filled question hung in the air.
“Purity Indigo Zyetta,” Alex began, “will you marry me?” Alex hadn’t planned to ask Pure this way. He hadn’t planned to even pop the question for months. They barely knew each other. The one thing he did know, with every fiber in his being, was that he never wanted to be separated from Purity again.
Purity grinned so wide she thought her head would split right open. “Yes! Yes! Yes!” she exclaimed, and then showered Alex’s face with enthusiastic kisses. “I love you, Alex.”
“I love you, Purity.”
By this time, Purity was wrapped snugly in Alex’s lap. He had one arm around her back and one arm resting on her stomach. Pure wanted to remain in the moment as long as possible. Nothing else seemed to matter. All thoughts of Callie had been banished.
Purity took Alex’s left hand in hers and gazed at the thin white stretch of flesh that the sun hadn’t seen in twelve years.
“Don’t get too used to not wearing a wedding ring.”
“Not a chance.” Alex pulled her closer to him in a warm embrace. His heart felt light and the burden he had been carrying on his shoulders appeared to have lifted the minute Purity said yes to their life together. Happiness had eluded him for far too long. When he looked in Purity’s eyes, he saw his future clearly for the first time.


Chapter Ten

At a quarter after six, Courtney and Meg met Purity at her office. The self-defense class Meggie had signed them up for was being held at The Kids’ Place. When Meg told Purity, her response had been, “Maybe I should read up on the programs offered here, huh?”
The three women headed over to the building where the class was taking place when Purity blurted out, “I’m engaged!”
Shrieks of joy could be heard clear across the parking lot. Heads turned, watching the friends exchange hugs. Meg wanted all the details, as did Courtney.
“I knew Alex was a good guy,” Meg said.
“Well, I have to say, while I’m happy that both of you have men in your life, what in the hell is wrong with me?” Courtney asked. “I’m funny. I’m hip. And, I can be nice,” Court paused, “when I want to be.”
“There’s nothing wrong with you,” Purity assured her pal. “You just haven’t found the right guy yet.”
“Or girl,” Meg added.
Purity’s eyebrows lifted in surprise, “Is there something I don’t know about?”
“No, I’m just saying…” Meg answered, but was interrupted by Courtney.
“I hate to disappoint any deep-seated fantasies you might have about me being a lesbian, but I’m not. I like men. Preferably dark-haired, athletic looking men.”
“I wasn’t trying to…” Meg tried to explain herself when Purity interrupted.
“She’s teasing you, Meg,” Pure said.
They reached the entrance and walked single file into the facility. They found the room assigned for the class and were surprised to find Sheila Martin and Charlie Mankins were leading it.
“Are you presenting this class?” Pure asked Sheila.
“Hey, Purity. Yes, I’m presenting the class. I didn’t know you were going to participate.” Sheila motioned to Charlie to join her as she greeted Pure and her friends.
Introductions were made all around and Purity remembered that Charlie was the teenager that attended the meeting in Texas with Alex.
“You never told me you taught self-defense classes,” Purity said.
“You never asked,” Sheila replied.
True enough, Pure thought.
Tapestry waved at her friends and said, “I saved you seats.” The women sat down as the class began.
The class was excellent and all four women learned a lot. They especially enjoyed the hands-on techniques. Meg definitely took a bit too much pleasure dumping Courtney on her butt when she was role-playing being Meg’s attacker.
When it became Purity’s turn, Charlie donned the attacker’s padded suit and attempted to grab Pure around the neck. Purity felt the air in her lungs thicken. Her heart was racing and panic was quickly rising high in her throat. Her legs and arms became numb. Charlie didn’t realize how terrified Pure was and kept up his strangle hold. Purity began lashing about wildly. Sheila recognized the look of alarm on Pure’s face and intervened, making eye contact, using a firm tone and a calm demeanor.
It only took a few minutes for Pure’s heartbeat to return to normal. Now she felt foolish. Like she had overreacted.
Charlie apologized to Purity as Meg, Tap, and Courtney surrounded their friend for support.
“I felt like I couldn’t breathe,” Pure paused. “This class is not going to be useless to me if I can’t get past my fear. Can I try it again?”
“Are you sure?” Sheila asked, not wanting to put undue stress on Purity. She worked with women in abusive relationships and experienced traumatic encounters and knew that pushing someone before they were ready could be detrimental to their healing process.
“I’m sure,” Pure said with dogged determination.
This time when Charlie made his attack, Pure thought of Derek Worthington. The smirk on his face while his hands were squeezing her throat, the way the weight of his body pinned her in place so she couldn’t move freely under him and how he had vowed, on more than one occasion, that he would return to finish the job he had started.
A surge of terror, wrapped firmly in anger, desperation and a desire to not be identified as a victim coursed through her body in waves. Pure slammed her elbow hard into Charlie’s ribs, then used the force of her body as she leaned slightly forward and then thrust her body weight backward so her head hit his chin, making him stumble backwards. She turned around to face her attacker. She took the heel of her right hand and shoved it straight into his nose as she screamed, “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!” Charlie bent over to catch his breath and Purity held both her hands tightly together as she raised them over her head and then delivered the final blow directly on to Charlie’s back. He fell to the floor like a ton of bricks.
The entire class cheered Pure’s victory. Her friends knew it was not only a physical victory, but an emotional one as well.
Purity hoped her newfound verve and skill would enable her to fight against Derek when the time came. She knew in her heart that it wasn’t a question of if the time came, it was a question of when.
“Want to see what I learned today?” Pure asked as she and Alex were sitting in front of his fireplace eating sandwiches and drinking fruit smoothies.
“Sure,” he said lazily.
Before he knew it, Pure had him in a headlock.
“Tell me you love me,” she said teasingly. “I won’t let you go unless you tell me.”
Alex tried to laugh, but Pure’s grip really was tight.
“I love you.”
“Say it like you mean it, McCallister,” Purity stated, tightening her grip slightly.
“I love you more than my Porsche.”
“And?” Pure asked mercilessly.
“I love you more than my Harley.”
“And?”
“I love you more than life itself,” Alex said, his tone quieter and more serious.
Pure released her captive from the harsh grip and replaced it with a tender embrace.
“I love you more than life itself, too,” she replied softly.
“Does that mean I can keep the Porsche and the Harley?”
“Do you want me to hog tie you?”
“Could be fun,” Alex said, entwining his fingers in her hair and pulling her close for a heated kiss.
Purity couldn’t think straight when Alex’s lips were on hers. Time seemed to stand still. Even the wood snapping in the fireplace seemed to melt away in the shadow of their love.
Courtney was feeling sorry for herself, something she almost never did. She was deliriously happy for Pure and Meg, but she had seen best friends turn to acquaintances quickly upon becoming involved in a relationship with a man. She hoped the bond she shared with Meg and Pure wouldn’t diminish over time now that they were living into a new vision of their future.
Her mind wandered from the thought of her pals to her latest project. She couldn’t wait to get her hands on the new pottery wheel in her spare bedroom, which served as her work room. Pure always said her entire home was her work room, which was partially true; however, most of her supplies were kept in the one room. Of course, things did seem to spill over into all other areas of her house. Wasn’t it just yesterday she found her charcoal pencils by the refrigerator in the kitchen?
A man would only complicate her life. Better to focus her energies on the creative arts. Too bad paintbrushes didn’t keep you warm at night or tell you they loved you.
Meg and Bobby were eating up their cell phone minutes like candy. It had been two weeks since Bobby left for Boulder and Meg bemoaned to Pure about fifteen times that she missed him so much she thought she would die.
Pure empathized with her friend. Especially since she had been spending most of her free time with Alex.
One thing had been gnawing at the back of Pure’s mind. She didn’t want to bring it up, and possibly cause waves in her relationship with Alex, but she couldn’t help but wonder when he was going to mention that he had bought Mrs. Cravens’ house for her.
She already knew she couldn’t accept such a gift, but why hadn’t he told her about it? What was he waiting for?
The Back-To-School Carnival was only a week away and everything was still humming along smoothly. It made Purity nervous. She was used to things going awry at the last minute and stumbling on bumps in the road.
“Let’s just be thankful things are going so easily this time around,” Sheila advised.
It was good advice, Pure thought. Good advice she couldn’t take. Worrying was almost an art form for Purity. If there wasn’t something to fill her thoughts or a list to be checked and rechecked, she didn’t know quite what to do with herself. Alex had a few ideas.
It had become quite a challenge to leave his arms night after night. Everything in her wanted to toss her beliefs aside and go to bed with him. She made that mistake four times previously with men she loved and she didn’t want to make it a fifth time. She loved Alex and he loved her. It was a magical and wonderful feeling to be able to trust a man again. Pure had wondered if it was even possible any more. Alex showed her that it was.
Pure wished she never had sex before so she could give Alex a love that was completely pure. Pure, not only her name, but the way she felt when she was with Alex.
Alex received a confirmation letter from his lawyer stating the divorce paperwork had been received by the court. Callie decided not to contest the divorce and signed the papers willingly, although not without a disdainful look on her face when Alex showed up on her doorstep promptly at four p.m. two Friday’s prior. She hadn’t said one word to him, just signed the papers and slammed the door in his face.
That had been fine with Alex. He didn’t wish ill will on Callie, but he wanted his freedom back so he and Purity could pursue their life together.
The only dark cloud Alex could see on the horizon was Derek Worthington. He knew he was still out there and could show up at any time. He had dreams about Purity being kidnapped and much worse. He wanted Derek behind bars.
Pure shared with him what happened at the self-defense class. Alex almost headed over to Derek’s home when he heard the news, but Purity stopped him. The best defense is a good offense she had told him. That’s why she had taken the class, made sure she wasn’t alone when she went places at night, and was constantly on guard for any signs of Derek Worthington. She also carried pepper spray and a small pair of sewing scissors that had sharp points.
He knew Purity didn’t want to live her life in fear, but he also knew that he saw a shadowed apprehension cross her face from time to time. In those moments, he knew that Derek Worthington was inside her head.
The lawyer’s letter said the divorce would be final in three months. He had hoped it would be sooner.
Derek Worthington had been biding his time. He laughed when he saw Purity and her friends at the self-defense class. Like that would stop him from carrying out his plan. He had shown great restraint and patience by not contacting Purity, only observing her actions. He decided the carnival would be the perfect place to bring his fantasy to fruition.
He enrolled in the Crescent City Clown College a week ago. Just in time to volunteer to work at the carnival. He would go unnoticed easily in his multi-colored wig, polka dot pants and face paint. Derek had scoped out the grounds and gotten his hands on the layout for the event.
As Derek waited across the road from Alex’s home for Pure to leave, he muttered, “Slut.” She had been at his home every night for weeks. Shoving her affair in his face. It had taken him six months to get Purity to sleep with him. She spread her legs for Alex in less than two months. The thought made his anger surge and he gripped the steering wheel so hard his knuckles turned white.
She was practically dancing as she made her way to her car. Alex stood in the doorway, silhouetted by dim firelight. “How romantic.”
He followed Pure back to her home, making sure not to get too close as to arise suspicion. When she got out of her car at her apartment complex, he wanted to jump out, grab her and throw her in the trunk. He was tired of all the waiting. The anticipation was almost too much to bear.
Just a little while longer. Then he would show Purity Indigo Zyetta who was in control.
“I’ll see you at four today,” Bobby said to Meg from the airport.
“I can’t wait,” Meg exclaimed excitedly.
“Me either,” Bobby replied. He had made all the arrangements except for one. “Oh, and Meggie,” he paused.
“Yes?” Meg questioned.
“Let’s meet up at Mrs. Cravens’ house.”
“Why there?”
“Trust me.”
“I trust you,” she replied. “I’ll be there at four.”
After hanging up, Meg immediately called Purity. When she answered, Meg nearly shouted, “Bobby’s almost here!”
Pure didn’t have the heart to tell Meggie that she knew Bobby was almost here because she was the one picking him up at the airport. Bob had filled her in on his plan and she couldn’t be more delighted. And how cool was it that Alex had sold Bobby the house intended for her? That man never ceased to amaze her. Meg was going to be thrilled and surprised. For now, though, mum was the word.
“Oh, I thought he was coming in tomorrow,” Pure lied.
“Nope, it’s today and I can hardly stand waiting one more minute than I absolutely have to,” Meg proclaimed. “One weird thing, though.”
“What’s that?”
“He wants me to meet him at Mrs. Cravens home. Isn’t that a bit strange?”
“I don’t know,” Pure answered, “Maybe he wants to pick one of her gorgeous roses and give it to you. Didn’t you mention to him that you used to do that when you were taking piano lessons from Mrs. Cravens?”
“Well, yes, I did mention it to him, but I’m sure he wouldn’t remember.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Pure commented. “That brother of mine can remember a lot of stuff, when he wants to.”
Meg seemed to be satisfied with Purity’s explanation and the two friends began talking about the upcoming carnival.
Purity picked Bobby up at the airport around noon and played chauffer for all his errands so that he could be Meg’s knight in shining armor upon his trusty steed by four p.m.
“So, this is it,” Pure said to Bob as he awkwardly maneuvered his armor-clad body into the driver’s seat of the white Mustang. She handed him the bouquet of red roses, then asked, “Do you have the key to the house?”
“Shit! Shit! Where’s the frickin’ key? I had it in my pants pocket, but I changed into this get up and now where the hell are my other pants?”
The scene would have been comical if Bobby’s face hadn’t looked so serious. Calmly, Purity went back to her car and retrieved his pants from the back seat. “Here you go, sport. Now breathe.”
Bobby took the pants from Pure’s hand and found the key safely tucked into the front pocket. Bob sighed with relief. “I want this moment to be perfect.”
“It will be,” Purity assured him. “And, Bobby, remember that Meg loves you, so even if things don’t go exactly as planned, it will all work out just fine.”
“Easy for you to say. I feel like a rusty tin can, my nerves are shot and I’m not even sure where my directions to Mrs. Cravens’ home are.”
“Breathe. Your directions are on the seat next to your helmet.”
Bobby looked over and saw that Pure was correct. Everything he needed was in the passenger’s seat. Actually, everything he needed was waiting for him outside Emily Cravens’ house.
Bob took a deep breath. “Thanks, sis.”
Purity smiled as Bobby drove off to ask the love of his life to marry him.
Meg saw a white car approach. Could that be Bobby? She hadn’t asked him what kind of car he was going to rent. As the vehicle got closer, she heard it sputter and wheeze before it died right in the middle of the road. Meg laughed to herself. Poor guy. She had a Comet years ago that used to die at every stoplight if she didn’t rev the engine.
A man got out of the car, at least she thought it was a man. It was hard to tell because he appeared to be… yes, he was dressed in a suit of armor. Now Meg laughed out loud. What in the world? Was she on a hidden camera show or something?
The man in armor was walking toward her, then he stopped, turned around and went back to his car. When he retraced his steps he had a large bouquet of red roses in his hand. Suddenly it dawned on Meg, it was Bobby, her knight in shining armor. Tears filled her eyes as she ran forward to greet him.
Bobby stopped her from hugging him by putting his hand up. Meg was puzzled, but stood fast. Bob struggled to get down on one knee as the metal dug into his thighs and calves. He barely felt the pain because he was so nervous and excited. The saliva in his mouth had turned to dust and he wasn’t even sure he’d be able to get his words out.
“Meg,” he said, “I love you with all my heart and I want to make you the happiest woman on earth. Will you marry me?”
“Yes!” Meg said, beaming with a smile that stretched from ear to ear. “Can I hug you now?” she asked.
“You can, if you help me up,” Bobby replied. “I’m stuck.”
Meg suppressed a giggle and helped her fiancée up off the ground. He was heavier than she thought and in his desire to hang on to the roses and Meg’s arm, something had to give. It was the roses. They fell to the sidewalk, petals staining the cement with scarlet color.
“Damn it!” Bobby said in frustration as he finally stood upright again. “This is not turning out like I planned.”
“I think it’s perfect,” Meg said, as she removed Bobby’s helmet and laced her arms around his neck. “I love you and I love that you went to all this trouble to be my knight in shining armor.” Meg kissed her soon-to-be husband and Bobby forgot all about his carefully thought out plans that had gone askew. Meg’s eyes were warm and welcoming and she felt like home.
“Oh, the key,” Bobby said as he pulled away from Meg. “Where’s the key?”
“What key?”
“The key to Mrs. Cravens’ house.”
“Why do you have the key to Mrs. Cravens’ house?”
“It’s our house now. I bought it for you. For us.” Bobby searched the area where the roses fell with his eyes. He saw a glint of silver under a thorny stem and bent carefully to uncover it.
“No, let me,” Meg said. “I don’t want you to get stuck again.” Meg retrieved the key. “This is the key to our house.”
Bobby took Meg’s hand and they walked together up to the door to their new home. Meg turned the key in the lock and they opened the door to their future together.
Courtney was busy setting up the face painting booth Purity had conned her into running. It wasn’t going to be your ordinary flower, heart or animal artwork. No, indeed. Court specialized in making bruises, scars, bloody wounds and stitches. The kids would love it.
Sheila Martin had a clipboard and was happily checking off item after item. The Back-To-School Carnival would open in less than an hour and everything appeared to be falling into place perfectly.
A line had formed halfway around the block behind the temporary gates that had been installed. Security was in place and the traffic controllers were busily directing cars into the Methodist Church parking lot about a block away. Sheila had contributed that excellent idea. Again, Pure thought that Sheila’s skills were being underutilized. She made a mental note to discuss possible advancement for Sheila with Judd Broadstreet.
Even though all their i’s were dotted and their t’s were crossed, Pure couldn’t shake the uneasy feeling trickling down her spine. She felt like a fish in an aquarium, being watched with no means of escape.
Alex slid up beside her and placed his arm around her waist.
“It’s fabulous,” he whispered in Pure’s ear.
“I think so, too,” Purity replied, trying to shove her trepidation aside.
“I especially like that the rides are only one ticket a piece. Means more kids can ride and they don’t have to choose between food or an amusement. They’ll have enough money to do both,”
“The First Aid Station’s all set,” Sheila said, checking off the last item on her list. “We are good to go.”
Purity glanced at her watch and then said, “With thirty minutes to spare. We rock!”
“Here comes Mark Watterson,” Sheila noted.
“Great job, Purity,” Mark said, giving Pure’s hand a hearty shake with his own.
“Our team worked hard,” Purity replied. “Especially Sheila.” Pure directed her gaze toward her assistant.
Mark extended his hand to Sheila and stated, “Good job, Sheila.”
Sheila had never been singled out on a project and the acknowledgement made her confidence soar. All she could do was smile as she took Mark’s hand in hers, returning his greeting.
Bobby and Meg joined the group at the same time Tapestry and Chance made their entrance.
“Did you see that crowd out there?” Meg asked.
“I almost got trampled just trying to walk on the sidewalk,” Tapestry added.
“It will be better once the gates open and everyone spreads out,” Pure said.
Sheila retrieved the big, oversized scissors from the information booth and gave them to Mark.
The red ribbon had been Sheila’s idea, as well. It would be a great photo opportunity, as a contest had been held to choose the youngster who would use the big scissors to cut the ribbon and officially open the carnival. Four-year-old Stephanie Watson won the contest by guessing the number of jelly beans in a jar that had been placed in the community center at The Kids’ Place.
Stephanie had large blue eyes and curly blonde hair, currently being held in place with two Hello Kitty ponytail holders. The stretchy bands matched her Hello Kitty t-shirt and pink shorts. She was nothing short of adorable.
Five minutes to “show time” saw the group gathering at the main entrance with little Stephanie holding the scissors that were twice her size. At exactly nine a.m., Steph cut the pre-scored ribbon to a wild round of applause and the gates were opened. The Back-To-School Carnival was underway.
The morning flew by and Purity lost sight of her friends quickly as they all scattered to toss rings, throw balls at bowling pins, and get their fortune told by Madame Priscilla.
Mid-afternoon, when Meg tapped on Purity’s shoulder, Pure’s startled response was golden. “What in the hell happened to you?”
Meg looked like she had been in a horrific accident. Rivers of blood stains covered half of her face and her forehead looked as if someone had bludgeoned her with a sharp instrument.
“Court?” Purity asked, knowing full well that no one else could have transformed sweet, pixie-like Meg into such a heinous accident victim.
“Isn’t it great?” Meg said enthusiastically. “You should see Bobby. He looks hideous! The kids are totally having a ball with it, too. Court’s got the longest booth line in the whole place, even longer than the lines for the rides.”
“I’m not surprised. I think I need to go get in line,” Purity said with a mischievous smile.
“Oh yes!” Meg encouraged. “I’ll go with you.”
Halfway to Court’s booth, Bobby caught Meg’s arm and said, “Let’s ride the Scrambler.”
“I’m going with Pure to get her face painted,” Meg explained.
“Oh, no, it’s fine, Meg, go with Bob. I’ll catch up with you later.”
“Are you sure you don’t mind?” Meg asked.
“I’m sure. Go, go,” Pure shooed the couple away.
As she approached Courtney’s booth, Stephanie Watson was just getting up from having her face painted. Her cute little mug was now covered from her forehead down to her lips with a jagged scar that resembled a railroad track. She was grinning broadly as she surveyed her new look in the mirror. “Cool! Look mom,” she said.
“You getting tired, Court?” Pure asked her friend.
Court met her friend’s gaze and replied, “Never.” Courtney was in her element.
Meg hadn’t exaggerated the popularity of Court’s booth. Pure decided to come back later when the line was not quite so long. It seemed like the size of the crowd had tripled in the last half hour. Even though the event was outside, it felt claustrophobic to Purity.
Pure eyed the picnic benches that were located at the very end of the southeast corner of the parking lot. They were deserted. Pure made a bee-line for them. It would feel good to sit down and take a bit of a breather.
It was fun to watch all the activity from the sidelines. Everyone appeared to be having a good time. Chalk up another success, although a bit prematurely since the day wasn’t over and they had two more days to go.
The clown seemed to come out of nowhere. Pure hadn’t noticed him walking towards her.
“You startled me,” she said.
“Sorry,” the clown said in a deep voice.
“No problem. Everything seems to be going really well. Thanks for participating,” Purity made small talk with the man in polka dot pants and a multi-colored wig.
“My pleasure.”
Purity wasn’t sure why she felt uncomfortable, but the hairs on the back of her neck were standing on end and a cold chill ran down her spine, even though the temperature was in the low eighties.
“Do you want to sit down?” Pure asked.
“Thanks,” he said, and sat down on the bench next to her. They sat in silence for several minutes.
“Well,” Pure began, getting up from her seated position and turning to face the clown, “guess I’d better get back to work.”
“Can’t you stay a little longer?”
Purity thought it was sweet that the clown wanted company, so she smiled at him and their eyes met, familiar eyes.
Her entire body was locked in a trance-like state and the smile fell from her lips. She was too far away from the crowd to be heard over all the noise of the rides, laughter and carnival music. If she tried to run, he’d be on top of her in seconds.
“You need to leave,” Purity said, surprised that her voice didn’t shake, but sounded firm and in control. She certainly didn’t feel that way.
“Or what?” Derek Worthington asked. “Are you going to try your self-defense techniques on me?”
He’d been watching her, probably much more than she was even aware. Well, if this was where she needed to take her stand, so be it. She was not going to be a victim even one minute longer. This was going to end now. Her fear would not get the best of her this time around.
“What do you want, Derek?” She said his name deliberately. She wanted him to know that his disguise didn’t fool her and she was not the scared little girl he once knew.
“I want you. And then I want you,” he paused, “dead.”
“So, what are you waiting for, an engraved invitation?” Purity pushed him with her words.
Derek’s eyes narrowed, “What are you trying to pull?”
“If you want me, come get me.”
Derek moved quickly from the picnic table and lunged for Purity.
Purity shoved the heel of her hand directly up and onto Derek’s nose, thankful he had taken off the big, red rubber ball nose most of the clowns were wearing. Blood came gushing out and Pure realized it was quite different than hitting Charlie Mankins in his attacker suit.
“You broke my fucking nose!” Derek yelled. After coming out of shock that Purity had hit him, he lunged at her again, this time being sure to watch where her hands were.
Purity grabbed Derek’s arm and pulled him past her, then she stepped up onto the picnic table seat and threw her entire body weight onto Derek’s back, tackling him before he could turn around. He rolled her over so he was on top of her.
“Well, this is better,” he said cockily. “This is just where I wanted you.”
Derek took her arms and placed them above her head, then pinned them with one of his hands.
Damn, Pure thought. She hadn’t expected this turn of events and she suddenly felt very foolish for not running away or screaming. She had played right into Derek’s hands.
Derek’s fingertips traced Pure’s lips. “So soft,” Derek said dreamily. “Such a shame that no one will ever touch your lips again.”
Pure swallowed hard as his hand lowered to her neck and began to squeeze.
“Remember what it felt like the last time we were together?” he asked.
Pure squirmed. She would not panic, she told herself. She had to keep a clear head. This was not like last time. It would never be like last time ever again.
Derek removed his hand and Purity tried to escape.
“Not so fast, little one,” Derek said, soothingly, as he retrieved the blade from his pocket. He showed the knife to Purity. He wanted to make sure she saw every inch of the sharp steel. He pressed it against the flesh on her neck where his fingers had been.
“It feels cool in the heat, doesn’t it?” he asked. When Pure didn’t answer he pushed the blade further against her skin, “Doesn’t it?” he said louder and stronger.
“No,” she said firmly. “Get the fuck off of me,” Pure commanded with much more verve than she felt.
“When did you get a backbone?”
“When I fell in love with a real man. A man I can trust and believe in. A man who doesn’t lie or cheat or steal. The kind of man you’ll never be.”
“Shut up!”
“No, I won’t shut up. I’ll never shut up. My voice will not be silent any more,” Purity stated with conviction. Then she screamed. A loud blood-curling, from the very tips of your toes kind of scream.
Because he had the knife in his right hand, he used his left hand to cover Pure’s mouth. Big mistake, Purity thought as she used her free hands to whack Derek in his already-broken nose.
Derek howled in pain as more blood shot out of his nasal passages.
“Sonofabitch,” he mumbled in agony.
Purity rolled out from under him, stood up, and began stomping on the hand that held the knife. Derek dropped the blade and Purity picked it up. She’d never threatened anyone with a knife in her life, but she swore if Derek moved an inch she would stab that blade so deep into his flesh no one would ever be able to get it out.
“You will never hurt me again. Do you understand?” she yelled at Derek. “Do you understand?” she repeated when he didn’t answer.
The sound of running footsteps reached Pure’s ears. She didn’t want to take her eyes off the man on the ground, but she quickly glanced toward the sound. Meg, Bobby and Alex were only yards from her. That’s when her legs began to feel weak and the gravity of the situation began to reveal itself. She could have been killed. She would have been killed. That had been Derek’s intention.
Alex said quietly, “Purity, it’s Alex. I’m going to take the knife from you. The police are on their way.” He approached her slowly, still talking in a calm, quiet tone. “I’m almost behind you. I’m going to put my hand out and take the knife from you.” He gently touched her hand. Purity heard his words, but was frozen in place. Once Alex had the knife in his hand, Purity turned her body into his and he held her tightly with his left arm.
“That’s it, Worthington. You’re over,” Alex commented with absolutely no remorse.
Bobby wasn’t satisfied that Derek’s body seemed to be in such good health. He bent down, pulled Derek up by his swirly clown collar and began punching the shit out of him. His face looked like one of Courtney’s elaborate facial paintings, only this blood was real. Several more punches to the gut and a final blow, hard on his back, left Derek in a crumpled heap on the ground.
“Couldn’t have done it better myself,” Alex said to Bobby with admiration in his voice.
Courtney came running up to the group with the police a few yards behind.
“Holy crap!” Courtney said, her hand flying to her mouth in shock. Courtney turned to glance at the police officers, then hurriedly ran over to where Derek was lying and gave him a swift kick in the ribs.
“Nobody hurts my friend,” Courtney said angrily. “You deserve all of this and so much more. I hope you rot in hell!”
Meg nodded her agreement.
The police took statements and called an ambulance for Derek.
“Is he going to jail?” Purity asked, worried that, even now, Derek Worthington would still be out on the streets within hours.
“Yes. Attempted murder with a deadly weapon,” one of the officers stated.
Purity took a deep breath. Finally, Derek Worthington would be behind bars. Maybe now she could close this chapter of her life.
The crowd that gathered when the police arrived was beginning to thin. Purity was glad her encounter with Derek Worthington was already old news. Sheila, Judd and Mark were concerned for Pure’s well-being and they all assured her that things were under control and she should take the rest of the day off.
Purity wanted to argue, but she felt so drained. All she wanted to do was curl up in Alex’s arms and let the experience fade into a memory.
Meg, Court and Bobby weren’t exactly sure what they should do. Alex seemed to be what Pure needed now, so they gave her words of encouragement, hugs and then watched Alex and Purity walk away together toward Alex’s car.
Bobby put his arm around Meg and Courtney felt the sting of change. Under different circumstances it would have been she and Meg helping Purity through her ordeal with Derek. Court sighed.
Meg heard her deep exhale and circled her waist with her arm. Their eyes met and Court needed to bite her lip to keep the tears at bay. She and Meg didn’t always see eye-to-eye, but the empathy and insight in Meggie’s gaze made Court realize that she wasn’t the only one who knew that their trio would need to bend and grow if the three women were to remain life-long friends.
Courtney gave Meg and Bobby a hug and then headed back to her booth. There were carnival goers who needed to have their faces altered, and she was just the gal for the job.
“Are you worried about Pure?” Meg asked Bobby.
“No. Alex is a good man. I’d trust him with my life.”
“You barely know him.”
“That’s true, but I still trust him.”
Meg tightened her grip around Bobby’s waist and snuggled closer. “Me, too.”
Purity was quiet on the trip to Alex’s home. Her emotions were all over the place. One minute she was elated that she had the courage to stand up to Derek and the next minute she could feel the blade of the knife against her flesh.
Alex didn’t try to get her to talk or ask her how she felt, he just walked her up to the second floor where his bedroom was and sat her down on the bed. Then he went into the adjacent bathroom and Pure could hear the sound of running water streaming into the bathtub.
Numb. That’s how she felt right this very moment.
When Alex came back into the bedroom, he sat next to Pure for a minute or two and then began to remove her clothing slowly. It wasn’t sexual, although Alex did have to put an image of dead puppies in his mind’s eye so he wouldn’t get distracted at seeing Purity’s naked body for the first time.
He helped her up off the bed and walked her to the steaming tub, then eased her gently into the soothing water. As the heated liquid enveloped Purity’s body, she let out a deep sigh of release followed by body-wracking sobs.
Alex kicked off his shoes and then climbed into the bathtub fully clothed. He held her while she struggled to put the day’s events into perspective. “Let it out,” were the only words he said. It wasn’t just one day of fear and uncertainty, it was all the wrong choices she had ever made and all the times she had let someone else choose her future for her.
It all came pouring out in Alex’s safe arms. She knew she would never be able to explain all the thoughts swimming around in her hand. And, even better, she knew she didn’t have to, that Alex understood that it was about so much more than Derek Worthington.
Pure didn’t know how long they had been in the bathtub, but the water was turning cold and her fingers were looking wrinkly. Alex turned the hot water on and the temperature went from cool to warm again.
Purity’s tears had stopped. Her uncontrollable shaking had stopped. The look of love in Alex’s eyes had not stopped. Would he ever know how grateful and thankful she was to have found a man like him?
“I’m going to go get some coffee,” Alex said when he realized she was more stable. He kissed Pure on the forehead. “Would you like some tea?” he offered.
“How about a vodka on the rocks?” Pure asked, with a hint of a humor in her voice.
“Your wish is my command,” Alex replied, attempting to get out of the bathtub without dripping too much water on the floor. Pure’s humor was reassuring. They would get through this mess together.
“Then I take my wish back. I want a million dollars.”
Alex reached for a towel and said, “You got it.”
“A million dollars?” Pure asked, her eyes widening in surprise. She knew Alex had money, but not that much money.
“I’m filthy rich.”
“Well, then, I’ll have the million dollars and the vodka on the rocks.”
Alex leaned down and kissed Purity tenderly on the lips. “I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
After Pure downed her drink and finished bathing, Alex suggested she take a nap. Pure insisted she wasn’t tired, but for Alex’s sake, she’d attempt to get some rest. She was asleep seconds after her head hit the pillow and she stayed that way for four and a half hours.
When she awoke, she felt renewed. She liked waking up in Alex’s bed. The pillow smelled like him. She wanted to snatch the shirt he had been wearing today and take it home with her so she could breathe in his scent whenever she wanted. Too bad it got drenched in the bathtub.
Alex had laid out a white terrycloth robe and a t-shirt for her. She ignored the t-shirt, since it was clean and didn’t smell like her fiancée, and put the robe on and headed down the stairs. Alex was sitting in front of the fireplace with a cup of coffee in his hand.
When he heard her descent, he got up swiftly and met her at the bottom of the stairs. “How are you feeling?”
“Much better,” she said as she wrapped her arms around his waist and held him close. “Thank you, Alex,” she whispered into his chest. She was finding it impossible to be near him and not have her hands on his body.
She eased back so she could see his face. “I’ve been thinking about something and I want to run it past you.”
“Shoot,” Alex replied, as the duo made their way over to the fireplace and sat on the floor.
“You have a lot of money, right?”
“Yes,” Alex answered, not quite sure where she was headed with her question.
“So, how much do you care about me having a job?”
“Not at all. I mean if you want to work, then work. If you don’t want to work, don’t work. I find it a bit hard to imagine you just sitting around all day, though.”
“Well, I wouldn’t be sitting around all day. I have tons of things to keep me busy, but I’ve been thinking a lot about Sheila Martin.”
“Your assistant,” Alex confirmed.
“Yes. She does at least half the work of putting on events, sometimes more. She should be getting credit. So,” Pure paused, “I’m thinking that maybe we could job share the position, depending on what her needs are and what she thinks of the idea. If I don’t need the money, since you’re rich and all, then I think it would be the perfect opportunity for Sheila to get the chance to strut her stuff. She’s really amazing.”
Alex didn’t think he could love Purity any more than he did at this moment. “You have the biggest heart of anyone I’ve ever met,” he said, caressing her cheek with his thumb.
Pure leaned closer so their lips met. His tongue was warm and inviting and she suddenly became aware that she wasn’t wearing any clothing under Alex’s robe. She ended the kiss, but didn’t move away.
“You are too damn sexy, Alex McCallister,” she said playfully, trying to lighten the mood a bit.
“I could say the same about you,” he said in a voice that was just a bit too raspy. Pure needed distance or her morals were going to be drowned in a sea of desire.
Pure leaned back so several feet were between her and Alex. “When does your divorce become final?”
“About three months,” Alex stated, reaching for his coffee cup to take a sip, as much to divert his attention from Purity’s bare legs peeking out from under his robe as to give himself time to get his breathing under control.
“Have you thought about a wedding date?” Pure inquired.
“Yes, I have. You thought I was going to say no, didn’t you?”
“I didn’t know if men thought about that kind of stuff. I could never get a straight answer out of any of the men I used to date.”
“Well, I’m not those men and I was thinking that an early December wedding would be wonderful. Not too far into the month so it gets all tied up with the hoopla of Christmas. Just far enough in that there might be snow on the ground and that frosty chill in the air.”
“And we can have greenery with little Christmas tree lights everywhere,” Pure added, her eyes shining with delight.
“Sounds perfect.”
“It does, doesn’t it?” Pure asked, but she didn’t need an answer, she already knew.

Chapter Eleven

The Back-To-School Carnival ended with a flourish of fireworks at nine p.m. on Labor Day. Purity and Sheila couldn’t have been happier that the event was over. The kids had had fun and the whole shabang had even raised a bit of money. Pure spent hours pouring over spreadsheets hoping they would break even, since the event was not intended to be a fundraiser, rather a celebration.
“Dinner’s on me,” Mark Watterson generously offered, including Purity’s friends in his invitation.
“The boss is paying, order the lobster,” Alex quipped.
After the last straggler had left the area, the gates were locked and the clean-up crew began their thankless job, as did the employees of Sammy’s Entertainment, Inc.
Courtney had her booth packed up and her supplies in her car in record time. Pure almost missed being able to thank her for all her hard work.
“Hey, Court, wait up,” Pure half-yelled over the sound of drills and metal hitting metal that dismantling the rides caused. She hurried over to Courtney’s side. “Thank you so much for all your hard work and creative juices. The kids had a ball. Your booth was the most popular spot all weekend!”
“It was fun,” Court said, continuing to walk to her car, avoiding Purity’s gaze.
“Are you okay?” Pure asked, wondering why Courtney was acting distant all of a sudden.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I’m just tired.”
“Mark invited everyone to dinner. I’d love it if you’d join us,” Pure said, keeping pace with Court’s gait.
“No, really, I’m just going to go home and get some sleep.”
“It’s nine-thirty,” Purity remarked, knowing full well that Courtney never went to sleep before midnight.
Courtney seemed to increase her pace. “Court?” Pure hurried forward and put her hand on her arm. “What is wrong?”
Court couldn’t avoid her eyes now, since Purity was standing directly in front of her, blocking her way. “Talk to me,” Pure implored.
Courtney looked Purity right in the nose and lied. “I’m tired, that’s all. I’ll call you tomorrow.” Courtney maneuvered around Pure’s body and practically ran to her car.
Purity frowned, but let her friend escape. What would make Courtney act so odd?
Meg was worried about Courtney. She hadn’t heard from her friend in three days. While this wasn’t uncommon when Court was working on a project, Meggie didn’t remember her mentioning anything about a new endeavor. And, on top of her strange behavior the last night of the carnival, an uneasiness was beginning to settle in her gut.
Meg called Purity and they decided to join forces and show up on Court’s doorstep with ice cream and Twinkies.
Meg had only been to Courtney’s apartment a few times. It was a kaleidoscope of colors and shapes. Court insisted that there was a rhyme and reason to all of it, but Meg could never decipher any kind of pattern in the disarray.
Pure knocked on the door and the two women waited for Court to answer. Purity knocked again.
“Do you suppose she’s not home?” Pure asked.
“Hmm… I hadn’t thought about that,” Meg replied. “Knock again. Maybe she’s just taking a nap or something.”
“Court doesn’t take naps.”
Meg pulled out her cell phone and called Courtney’s number. It went to voice mail, so she left a message.
“I have a key,” Pure told Meg. “Court gave it to me when she went to visit her folks in North Dakota a few years back so I could check her mail and stuff. I don’t really want to use it, though. It feels intrusive.”
Meggie thought for a moment and then said, “What if she fell in the shower and hit her head or something?”
“Oh crap, you would have to say that.” Pure hadn’t thought about anything bad happening to Court. She had left her several messages since the day after the carnival, but Courtney hadn’t called her back.
Purity sighed and reached in her bag for the key. Once she found it, she used it to open the door and said loudly, “Court, it’s me and Meg, are you in here?”
Her words were met with silence.
Meg walked quickly to the bathroom and then came back out shaking her head no, Court wasn’t in there. Meg headed for Court’s bedroom and Pure headed for Court’s work room. It took a bit more time to survey the work room, with its piles of textiles, canvases and other supplies. Meg joined her and said, “She’s not in the bedroom.”
“Well, at least she’s not injured and lying around here somewhere,” Pure said.
“Yeah, I guess,” Meg concurred, feeling more out of sorts than before they entered Court’s apartment.
They both heard the sneeze and their heads turned instinctively toward the sound.
“Court?” Meg inquired as Purity headed toward the noise. Courtney was scrunched up in the far corner under her drawing table. Purity bent down, so they were on the same eye level. “Court, what’s going on?” Purity asked. Meg followed Pure’s lead and joined her on the floor.
All they could hear were Courtney’s sniffles. Meg had never seen Courtney cry before.
“Courtney, it’s okay, it’s us,” Meg encouraged her friend.
“It won’t be us for long,” Court said through tear-filled eyes and a cracking voice.
“What are you talking about?” Purity asked. “We’ll always be us.”
“You have Alex and Meggie has Bobby. You don’t need me any more,” Courtney wailed, hating the way her voice sounded too high and how very much she loved these women who were tossing her aside for the men they loved.
“Court, just because we have men in our lives doesn’t mean we don’t need you anymore,” Purity explained.
“If anything, we need you even more,” Meg added. “Men can be so stupid and I don’t think I’ll ever understand them. I need to be able to get away from Bobby and spend time with my girls.”
“Absolutely,” Purity agreed. “No one could ever replace you in our hearts and in our lives, Court.”
“You say that now, but just wait, you’ll see. You’ll all get busy with your lives and days and days will go by and then our friendship will just fade away,” Courtney said with such sadness and despair in her voice, it made it hard for Meg to breathe.
“Things are going to change,” Pure acknowledged. “But that doesn’t mean that our friendship will fall apart. We’ve always worked hard at making sure we kept in touch and were there for each other, both in good times and challenging ones. That isn’t going to change. Meggie and I will still be here for you, Court, we promise.”
Meg echoed Pure’s words, “We promise. And,” she paused, “we need you to be there for us, too. We love you and our lives just wouldn’t be the same without your spirit, your creativity, your…”
“Macabre sense of humor,” Pure interjected with a smile.
Courtney couldn’t help but grin as her tears of sorrow turned to thankfulness that she had two of the very best friends anyone could ever have.
“I love you,” Court said as more tears spilled from her eyes.
“Then get out of this little hole and give us a hug,” Meg advised.
Courtney crawled out from her safe space and wrapped her arms around her friends.
“And, don’t ever scare us like this again,” Meg said.
“Seriously,” Pure agreed.
Courtney smiled. Maybe things would change with the addition of men in their lives, but she would always be able to count on her girlfriends.
Purity was getting impatient. When was Judd going to buzz Sheila on the intercom and tell her he wanted to see her? She drummed her fingernails on her desk and chewed on the pencil she was holding in her left hand.
Pure spoke with Judd Broadstreet earlier in the week about job sharing the events coordinator position. He in turn had queried the board members, who agreed that Sheila deserved the opportunity. The only variable now was Sheila herself. Would she want to take on more responsibility? She was already doing a large amount of the work, but it would require spending more time on projects. The monetary compensation would certainly be a plus, though. and the recognition.
She jumped when she heard Sheila’s intercom buzzer sound. She overheard Sheila say she was on her way to Judd’s office.
Sheila paused at Purity’s door. “I’m supposed to meet Judd in his office and he told me to tell you that you should come, too,” Sheila informed Pure.
“Did he say why?” Purity asked.
“No,” Sheila replied, looking bewildered.
Once the two women were seated and Judd had explained the proposal, Sheila’s eyes widened. “You did this,” she said to Purity.
“No,” Pure responded, “You did this. All your hard work, creative ideas, and consistent follow-through.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Sheila commented, her hand resting on the edge of the chair as if she needed to touch something solid to believe what she was hearing was real. “Can I have some time to think about it?”
“Certainly,” Judd answered. “Take all the time you need.”
Purity and Sheila left Judd’s office and without forging the plan, the two instinctively went into Purity’s office and closed the door.
“This is too much,” Sheila commented as she flopped down on the small sofa against the far wall. Purity sat next to her.
“Pros and cons, okay?” Purity asked.
“Okay,” Sheila replied. “Pro, the money.”
“Con, more time away from Danny,” Pure added.
“Pro, recognition, more benefits, and the job is fun.”
“Con, you’ll still be working with me,” Purity giggled.
“Pro, I’ll still be working with you,” Sheila commented with a smile.
“Pro, you’ll be in charge of the Starry, Starry Night event,” Pure enticed.
“Omigosh! Are you serious?” Sheila’s eyes blazed with excitement. “That is my all-time favorite occasion and I never get to have any say in how it’s done. I even have sketches and plans for how I would do it if I were in charge.”
“Well, now’s the time to pull ‘em out, ‘cuz it’s your baby.”
“What will you be doing then?”
“I’ll take the lead on the Halloween party and I’ll be planning my wedding.”
“You and Alex set a date?”
“Yep. First Saturday in December.”
They were each lost in their own thoughts for a moment. Sheila was picturing midnight blue tablecloths and silver shiny stars and Purity was imagining pine trees laden with white Christmas tree lights and maroon ribbons. They both sighed.
“I can’t believe this is really happening,” Sheila commented, considering pinching herself to make sure she wasn’t dreaming.
“It’s about damn time, I say.”
It had only taken Sheila twenty-four hours to make her decision. The answer was yes. Purity was delighted. Not only would Sheila be making more money, the job share would free up her time so she could begin making wedding preparations. It was a win-win.
Courtney, Meg and Purity were in their usual places on Pure’s floor.
“So, Bobby and I chose a date for the wedding,” Meg began.
“Oooh, when?” Court asked.
“In the spring. Meggie has always wanted a spring wedding,” Purity interjected.
“Actually,” Meg responded, “we’ve decided to get married in October 21st.”
“What?” Court and Pure said in unison.
“Meg, that’s less than a month and a half away!” Purity exclaimed.
Courtney raised her eyebrows. No way could the wedding of Meg’s dreams be pulled together that quickly.
“I think it can be done,” Meg said stubbornly. “Especially when I know a fabulous event coordinator and such a creative artist who can design my wedding invitations.”
“Are you serious?” Courtney asked, not sure she heard Meg’s request correctly. “You want me to design your wedding invitations?”
“Of course. Who else would I ask? I was thinking about something simple, maybe daisies. Or, if that’s too cutesy, maybe a grapevine or some kind of leaf pattern. I don’t want anything froo-froo or girlie.”
Pure looked at Meg with shock. She was the epitome of girlie. Her brother must be having some effect on her friend. “What in the world has Bobby done to you?”
“What have you done with Meg?” Courtney demanded.
“Stop it, you two. I’m serious. This isn’t just my wedding, it’s Bobby’s wedding, too, and I want it to reflect both of us.”
“How long is the guest list?” Court inquired.
“Mmmm… maybe forty to fifty. We want to keep it small, cozy. Just close friends and family. We’re going to have it in the back yard of Mrs. Crav… our new home.”
So, Purity thought to herself, she’d be planning two weddings in the next three months. She wondered if Sheila Martin would consider an eighty-twenty percent split of job responsibilities. She grabbed a pad of paper and a pen and began making a list of things that needed to be arranged.
“Does this mean you’ll do it?” Meg asked.
“Of course we’ll do it,” Purity replied. “What are friends for?”
“There’s one more thing,” Meg hesitated. “Will you be my bridesmaids?”
“You’re gonna make me wear a stinkin’ dress, aren’t you?” Courtney lamented.
“It’s not going to kill you, Court,” Pure admonished.
“I was thinking about a black dress for you, Court. One that clings in all the right places and has a draped neckline,” Meg explained her vision. “And, Pure, for you I imagined a deep indigo satin strapless dress.”
“Sounds beautiful, Meg,” Pure said.
“What about your wedding dress?” Court asked.
“She already has her wedding dress,” Pure answered. “She’s had it for years. It was her mother’s.”
Meg got a faraway look in her eyes for a moment. “I wish she could be here to see me in it.”
Purity reached over and took her friends hand in hers. “She is with you, Meg.”
Meg put her hand on top of Purity’s. Her mother was with her, in spirit.
“Do you really think we can pull it off with such a short time frame?” Meg asked, doubts flooding her thoughts.
“Are you kidding? Piece of cake,” Pure commented, dismissing even the slightest idea that Meg’s wedding would be anything less than perfect.
Fall was approaching quickly. With it came wedding plans, coordinating schedules, and finding a delicate balance between work, friends, fiancées, spiritual life, sleep and alone time. There was a lot of juggling going on. Most of it was successful for all parties involved.
Occasionally Purity stepped on her friends’ toes or caught a look in Alex’s eyes that told her she wasn’t spending enough time with him. This was all new terrain and Pure reminded herself often that transition time was important and to try and be patient with herself, and everyone else.
“We’ve been waiting for half an hour,” Meg said, annoyed that Purity was late, once again. It was beginning to be a habit with her.
“I know,” Pure sighed as she sat down in the plastic chair, heated from being in the direct sunlight. She stood back up and placed the short-sleeved sweater she was wearing over the seat to protect her legs and rear end.
“We ordered a Diet Coke for you,” Courtney said.
“Thanks,” Purity reached for the glass and took a big swig.
“You look tired,” Courtney remarked.
“I am tired,” Pure replied.
“If planning my wedding is too much for you, you can just say so,” Meg said, a sharp edge creeping around her words.
“What do you have stuck in your craw, Meggie? I never said I was too tired to plan your wedding or that it was too much for me. I had a busy day, prefaced by a busy yesterday and a busy week before. There are just times when I’m drowning in frustration and this happens to be one of them. I’m sorry.” Purity felt the tears burning to escape. “I’m sorry.”
“I didn’t mean anything,” Meg offered. “It’s just that everything is changing and there doesn’t seem to even be time to breathe any more. I’m swamped at work and Bobby wants more of my time. I just don’t have any more to give.”
“Well,” Courtney joined the conversation, “my life is going along great. Sucks to be you two.”
“Such compassion,” Purity replied with half a smile. “Maybe we should ditch our fiancées and go back to living carefree single lives, Meggie.”
“Not a chance,” Meg remarked. “As crazy and busy as the last several weeks have been, I wouldn’t trade Bobby in for anything.”
“Me, either,” Pure responded.
“So, how are we going to find a way to get through the next month without having a nervous breakdown?” Meg asked.
“Alcohol,” Courtney suggested, watching Meg roll her eyes. “How about we find some time each week to get together and just be together? Forget about men and work and weddings and all that jazz. Just be us.”
“Yes! Let’s do that,” Meg’s eyes lit up.
“I’m on board,” Pure said, then added, “Let’s schedule the dates and times right now, so we won’t change our minds or put it off ‘til later.”
The three women synced up their calendars and a plan was set to meet every Thursday evening. They took turns choosing the location, but it was always at a restaurant so no one felt the need to clean their home or prepare food.
“To us,” Courtney said, raising her glass high above the table. Meg and Pure followed suit.
“To us,” they all said, clinking their glasses and spilling their drinks in the process. They giggled as Meg tried to clean up the liquid with her napkin.
“Can’t take us anywhere,” Courtney said through her laughter.
“Never could, never will be able to,” Purity agreed.
It was date night. Pure and Alex, Bobby and Meg, Tapestry and Chance, and Courtney and Geoffrey were having dinner together. Meg called Geoffrey Montgomery, her associate back when she worked at the accounting firm, because Courtney’s shtick about being a third wheel was growing old. Besides Geoff was a lot of fun and he’d show Court a good time. They might even hit it off.
The women were in the bathroom applying make-up, talking, exchanging tips on how to apply eye shadow, and giving Court the low-down on Geoffrey.
The men were in the living room biding their time.
“You know we’re going to be late,” Bobby said.
“Yep,” Alex responded, putting his hands in his pockets and shifting his weight from his left foot to his right.
“You know this isn’t the last time we’re going to stand here cooling our heels while these women spend hours and hours getting ready,” Bobby stated with frustration in his voice.
“Yep,” Alex commented.
Geoffrey and Chance looked at one another and then sat back down on the sofa they occupied earlier.
“You know they don’t need all that crap on their faces. They look beautiful just the way they are,” Bobby said.
“Yep,” Alex remarked.
Bobby sat in the recliner and pulled the footstool out with the lever on the side of the chair. Then he placed his arms high against the backrest and rested the back of his head in his hands. “You know it’s going to be worth the wait,” Bobby said.
“Yep,” Alex commented. It would definitely be worth the wait.
The women were finally ready and the men were right, it had been worth the wait.
At the restaurant, an air of excitement seemed to surround them. At one point, Pure glanced around the table at her friends and the man who had shown her how to love again. When life was good, it was very good. Court and Meg were laughing at something Bobby said and Tap and Chance were engrossed in an intimate conversation. Geoff and Alex were having an in-depth discussion about motorcycles.
Pure wanted to freeze the moment in time. She drank in the scents, the energy, the laughter and the feeling of family that permeated her soul. It was what she had always wanted, and now here it was, laid out before her.
Her eyes met Alex’s and she felt as if she had been engulfed in love’s embrace. Purity Indigo Zyetta had created her own home in the arms of her family of choice.
# # #
