DREAMING WITH EYES OPEN 3:


WHEN I WAKE UP



BY MAHLATSE MOKONE





















       To everyone who’s taken time to read this entire series, thank you. Enjoy.












































			
“Let me not to the marriage of true minds, admit impediments. Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds, or bends with the remover to remove” -William Shakespeare, sonnet 116













































	                               BOOK 1


























1. Announcements

Lucky POV

My eyes flashed open at the all but familiar feeling in the pit of my stomach, morning sickness. I haven’t had it for three days now, I thought I was off the hook; guess not. My hand went to my mouth as I sat up from the bed and felt Jesse hand grasp my arm.
“Are you sick?” he asked, getting up and coming over to me. I didn’t wait for him to reach me; I rushed to the bathroom. Before I could stop him he was crouched behind me, holding up my hair. 
He rubbed my back comfortingly as I coughed
“You really don’t have to stay for this, go away,” I moaned. This was so much easier when he wasn’t around, my sweet and loving husband to be.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said and I stood up walking to the counter top basin. He hugged me from behind “You did this for too long without me already”
I giggled brushing my teeth, our eyes meeting in the mirror “Yeah, because without you I just come undone” I teased. “Exactly” he said chuckling, I walked towards the door and stopped feeling a little dizzy. I gripped the doorframe
“Lucky? Are you okay?” Jesse asked uneasily, not waiting for my answer he scooped me up in his arms, carrying me back to bed.
After reassuring him I was fine, I tried to get up and get ready for work. He stopped me with his hand.
“Why are you still working again?” he asked his brows furrowing,
“Because I haven’t even started showing yet” I said rolling my eyes. I knew Jesse didn’t like the idea of me working while I’m pregnant. But spending nine months doing nothing was going to kill me. He seemed hell bent on making me a housewife, that wasn’t going to work for me.
I sighed, “What do you suggest I do when I’m not actively working?” I asked
“Anything you want.” He said, “Also taking care of my children and thinking about me all day.” He added and I snorted.
“I would still do all those things regardless.” I said, “What’s your problem with me doing this?” I asked.
“I don’t like it” he said tersely, 
“You don’t have to” I replied in the same tone. He and I glared at each other for a moment “You’re going to make a splendid wife” he spat,
“And you a fantastic husband” I retorted.
Jesse and I drove each other crazy in every literal and figurative way. After a moment of silently staring each other down, we both started laughing hysterically. He fell onto the bed with me
“Well at leased I know life with you will be anything but mundane” he said
“That’s why you’re marrying me,” I teased kissing him. He smiled grabbing my waist pulling me closer. I moaned when he deepened our kiss, my breasts pressing hard against his chest. 
I got another feeling in my stomach and this one didn’t make me want to puke. He suddenly pulled away
“If I continue, we’re both going to be late” he said huskily. I grabbed the back of his neck resuming our kiss
“I don’t care,” I whispered and he smiled against me.
“Oh so now you don’t want to go to work?” he breathed, and then he cupped my left breast in his palm, stroking my taut nipple through the soft satin. I threw my head back at the surge of pleasure, and he suckled at my neck.
“Too bad I want to go to work,” he said releasing me and standing up,
I stared up at him open-mouthed for a moment before my ire kicked in.
“Why you…” I said grabbing a pillow and threw it at him.
“What’s it with you and pillow throwing huh?” he asked smiling and I pouted, he sat down stifling a chuckle “You’ll get me later?”
I nodded silently, too pissed to talk. With our silly games you’d think we are children, but I guess we both got a kick out of it.
“Now lets go finish what we started in the shower, there’s still so much we can do in…” he glanced at the clock on the nightstand “30 minutes” he said. What we started normally takes all night to finish. I couldn’t help but smile as I climbed on his back and he walked back to the bathroom.


I was met by Abby in the office, I sat on my chair and she laid the sales report she offered to finish for me.
“You’re a lifesaver Abby,” I said, quickly going through it. She smiled
“Its my pleasure girl, I know you’ve been busy with your wedding. Besides I’m serving my bridesmaid duties.” She said. I chuckled
“Yeah don’t forget your other bridesmaid duties, the dress fitting is tomorrow” I reminded her.
She’s right I have been busy with my wedding, that handsome and eccentric man gave me two weeks, two weeks! to plan my wedding. But like he promised, he put Linda James on me, she and her team have been amazing. When I told her the 2 weeks allotment she laughed and said ‘typical Jesse’.
Not to mention Mandy and Ally too, they all left me with very little to do, but I wanted to take part in everything.
“I know I’m so excited, is it true that the dresses were shipped from Paris?” She asked her eyes bouncing. I smiled
“Would I lie about something like that? Ally and Mandy did internships there, so they know a couple of people.” I said. Despite my protests those girls decided to go overboard, I didn’t want to rain on their parade.
“I’d say,” She said “And your dress?” she asked,
“They refused to tell me anything more than ‘you’ll have four amazing dresses to choose from’.” I said imitating Mandy’s voice. She chuckled
“Where is the fitting actually?” she asked. “Jesse’s pad in the hills, the girls said they don’t want him peeking,” I said chuckling.
“Huh makes sense though.” She added, I told her I’d pick her up and then I shoed her away to do some work. I couldn’t concentrate though, with my big day being next Friday.
I couldn’t help but think back to the phone call I received from home 3 days ago. I didn’t tell them about the wedding date, I deliberately waited until they received the invitations. They all practically screamed into the receiver how excited they all are. 
They didn’t even care that it was so soon, or was it soon only to me?
Mom, George, uncle Josh and aunt Eileen promised to fly down for the family dinner. Nicky and Jenna were flying down today; I was excited to see them. They said their flight would land at 4pm, and I offered to pick them up.
I chose Abby, Nicky and Carmen as my bridesmaids; Jenna got the maid of honor title. She’s always been there during the best and worst moments in my life; it was only fitting.
I explained to Linda that I wanted a small, intimate wedding, only a few friends and family but knowing her, it wont be short of extravagance. Picking the venue was the simplest of decisions, there was no better and beautiful place than the estate’s garden. 
I’ve always wanted an outdoor wedding, and with spring around the corner it was going to be stunning. I smiled to myself
I haven’t told a soul about my pregnancy; the only people who knew were Carmen, Angie and Maria. 
I didn’t know how my family was going to react to the news; I was keeping a lid on it for now. I sighed and pushed my thoughts out of my mind and opened up my laptop.


I got home and Jesse had not returned from work yet, he’d probably be here in an hour. I went into the kitchen and grabbed a quick snack; I slightly frowned.
“What? It doesn’t taste good?” Angie said walking into the kitchen smiling; I grimaced. “Damn these abnormal eating habits” I said standing up
“Well you’re eating for two now, don’t worry you’re still as thin as ever.” She teased.
“Yeah heaven forbid that I shouldn’t fit into my own dress.” I said walking towards the door “If Jesse comes back before me tell him I went to go pick up my sisters.” I called out.
I grabbed the keys to the Aston Martin and drove out.
I waited at the LAX terminal I could barely contain my excitement when two familiar figures walked towards me. I almost ran to them when they got closer
“Peaches” Nicky exclaimed hugging me first,
“Nik, my God it’s so good to see you. You too sis.” I said hugging a smiling Jenna.
“I can’t believe I’m in LA, where are the shutterbugs?” Nicky said fixing her hair; Jenna and I chuckled. “Oh trust me you don’t want that, it’s not all it’s cracked up to be.” I said. “Speaking of, lets get out of here before someone spots us” I added, Jesse and I were fortunate to go anywhere without them mugging us.
“Come on appearing on US Weekly cant be that bad” She teased as we collected their luggage and walked out.
“Well you’re welcome to trade places with me.” I offered and she smiled widely
“Really?” she asked and I chuckled. “Sure, but I keep Jesse” I said and she playfully frowned “I’ll still take it.” She added. They loaded their luggage in the car and got in, I drove towards a hotel to check them in. Though I wanted them to have dinner with us at the castle.
“This car reminds me of Dad.” Jenna said, amusement in her voice. I glanced at her on the rearview mirror and smiled too.
“It does.” I said, thinking back. My mind drifted to when Jesse first took me on a ride in it, how touched I was that he did that. I think I developed genuine feelings for him at that point; I first caught a glimpse of the man of my dreams. I didn’t realize that I was looking for him or that I needed him at that time in my life. Until he stole me and my heart in a dark alley. I chuckled inwardly.
“He would’ve been proud of you, little sis.” She said suddenly
“Yeah, I just wish he could’ve been there to walk me down the aisle you know” I said. 
“Wherever he is, I’m pretty sure he would love that too.” She added and I nodded smiling. We continued chatting and catching up; they agreed to come over for dinner. They checked in the hotel and we drove to the estate, Nicky whistled under her breath when I pulled up on the driveway.
We walked in to find Maria in the kitchen; I was introducing them when Jesse came down the stairs. He smiled kissing my forehead before turning to greet Jenna and Nicky.
The 5 of us had a nice dinner together, talking about the wedding. Afterwards we said our goodbyes and Jesse had Jeffery drive them back. He probably wanted some alone time with me; I smiled inwardly.



























2. If The Shoe Fits

Lucky POV

“Bridezilla” Carmen teased, and I rolled my eyes at her
“You wont think that after you see these.” Ally said walking in followed my Mandy. Who left the door open for an entourage that got in carrying a dozen suit covers and boxes. Everyone started at them in awe,
I stood up from the couch introducing them to everyone.
“Wow, are we going to have like our own fashion show or something?” Nicky asked and Ally laughed, “Something like that, you’ll all have three dresses to choose from and if the bride approves then it’s yours.” She added.
I’d told the girls that I didn’t want my bridesmaids to wear the same dress; I wanted them to look beautiful individually. They will all choose from a group of knee length dresses. Only the maid of honor will wear a long dress, but they’ll all be violet blue in color, 
“Carmen, you first” Mandy said sitting next to me on the couch. We’d practically rearranged the living room to make space for a fake runway. Carmen tried on all of the dresses and decided on a off the shoulder dress with a flowing skirt.
“You look feminine” I teased her and she grimaced, Carmen was a jeans and t-shirt type of chick. Everyone laughed and Abby stood up to try on her dresses.
She chose a strapless herve leger; it was not too tight so she looked sophisticated, “I wouldn’t want to upstage you my friend,” She said and I giggled.
“Oh trust me that wont happen, wait till you see her gowns” Ally said.
Nicky chose a long sleeve dress with a plunging back, even I was in love with it.
“Nice one Nik, its lovely” I said and she smiled.
Jenna’s dress was even more beautiful; it was spaghetti strapped dress with a fishtail.
“Its the bride’s turn” Mandy chimed, and I smiled standing up. The girls were right all of the gowns were very beautiful but one gown made them all gasp.
“I think this is the one,” I said looking at myself on the long mirror
“Oh my God, my big brother is going to have a heart attack,” Ally said standing up. “That’s a Christian Dior gown, absolutely magnificent.”
I nodded; “It’s a halter sweetheart fit corset, the lace and beads are just extraordinary,” Mandy explained touching the beautiful overskirt.
“It’s a chapel train, I was afraid to get anything longer.” she added
“No its perfect, and yeah I would’ve killed you for sure.” I said and everyone laughed. Ally reached for one of the boxes
“We got this matching shoulder wrap as one of the accessories.” She said.
“You look so beautiful sis, I think I’m going to cry. You’re going to blow Jesse and everyone away.” Jenna said and I smiled at her.
“Ally was right, there’s no way we’re upstaging that! Wow.” Abby said
“What do you think?” Nicky asked me
“I love it, this is the dress.” I said with conviction, it exceeded all my expectations, “Thanks girls its perfect.” I added to Ally and Mandy, who beamed.
Jenna helped me out of the dress and Ally continued to show me all the other accessories they got.
Nicky grabbed the bridal garter giggling, “I can’t wait to see Jesse take this off,” she whispered and I shook my head at her.
“What is wrong with you Nik?” I asked and she chuckled,
“Okay you guys, we’re going to hang on to these dresses until the wedding day” Ally said “Yeah and please check in at the estate on time for hair and make-up, we’ll confirm it later on.” Mandy added.
They started clearing up and said their goodbyes, Jenna and Nicky left with Abby. Claiming that they were going to explore more of LA. I laughed and waved them off.
“Guess it’s just us now.” I said to Carmen who helped clean up a bit
“How’s the morning sickness?” she asked and I grimaced.
“It’s less frequent these days.” I said and her eyes narrowed “Have you told them about the baby?” she asked. I shook my head
“They have no idea, but I’ll tell them in time.” I said, though I didn’t have much time. “Alright, what’s next on the list?” She asked.
“Jesse and I are going to meet Linda, and preparing the family dinner.” I said as we walked out.


Linda came over to the estate with some décor and cake samples, I’d just about tried almost every piece she had. I couldn’t decide; they all tasted great. I asked Jesse what he thought and he just said “Whatever one you like love.”
He has left all the decision making to me, I wasn’t having that; it was his wedding too. I took his iPad away and gave him a hard look; he chuckled and absently picked a cake. I told Linda to order it and gave Jesse his gadget back, kissing him on the cheek.
The three of us strolled around the garden, discussing where everything was going to be. We were thinking about having the reception by the lake and golf course. Everything promised to be beautiful; I couldn’t help but smile just thinking about it.

The next day was my parent’s arrival and the family dinner, I couldn’t stop running all over the place. Making sure everything was perfect for when people started to arrive. Jeffery was sent to pick up Mom, aunt Eileen and uncle Josh from the airport.
I checked the grand dinning room table one more time; it always seemed too large for the number of people living here. But now I was more than happy with its size, everyone should be nice and comfortable. I turned into the lounge only to bump into Jesse, he caught me by my waist.
“Slow down little one.” He said, I started going past him but he stood in my way
“But I have to…” I said 
“But nothing.” He interrupted, grabbing me by my shoulders “Deep breaths, Maria and Angela will take care of everything. Lets go upstairs, relax a bit.” He added. I shook my head
“I’m going to drag you there anyway.” He promised, I checked to see if he was joking; he wasn’t.
We went to our bedroom, cuddling on our loveseat on the balcony. We talked about our future and our unborn baby. I also had a chance to shower and change clothes; I wore a nude colored square neckline dress.
I had just finished putting my hair up on the dressing table when Jesse came up behind me. He bent down to brush his lips against my neck and shoulder; I closed my eyes and sighed. Focusing on the electric and warm sensation his touch left behind.
I suddenly felt my hair drop down to my shoulders again; my eyes flashed open
“Jesse” I bellowed. I’d put some effort into making it look the way it did, he ran his fingers through it. 
“You know I like your hair better loose,” he whispered, I smiled in spite of myself
“I’m on to you and your dirty little tricks mister.” I teased and he chuckled.
“Are they working?” he asked, I stood up and he gathered me in his arms
“Like a charm.” I muttered, spellbound I didn’t even notice him removing the pins in my hair.
He smiled, stroking my cheek for a long moment,
“You’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen love.” He said softly. I sighed inwardly. I doubted that, especially after observing the women he kept company in the past. They are all stunning supermodels and actresses; I was forever compared to them in the media. I tried not to pay attention to that, but sometimes I would secretly take pleasure when some of them say I’m better.
“I bet you wont think that when I’m 8 months pregnant.” I said and his brows furrowed.
“That’s not even remotely funny, so I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that.” He added kissing my forehead and releasing me. I watched him pick his Rolex off the nightstand and put it on. You’d think I’d be used to his beauty by now, his masculine and commanding presence. I mean I wake up next to him everyday but it shook me to my core every time I looked at him. Seemingly I’m not getting used to it anytime soon, a knock on our door made me slightly jump.
He looked up and grinned, “Time to go entertain our guests.” He said extending his hand to me.
I took a deep breath, placing my hand in his as we walked out. I silently prayed that this dinner goes well, I was a little nervous. It was the first ever Strauss and Gilbert family gathering.





















3. Stories

Jesse POV

Lucky and I came downstairs to find uncle Ben and aunt Helen greeting Maria
“Jesse, how are you?” Uncle Ben exclaimed hugging me.
“I’m good uncle, I’m glad you could make it.” I replied and he smiled,
“We’re glad we could come.” He said hugging Lucky too.
“Its good to see you again my dear” he said and she nodded smiling
“You too Mr. Gilbert, thanks for coming.” She said. Helen said goodbye to Maria and walked over to us
“We wouldn’t have missed it for the world, this is my wife Helen.” He gestured.
She kissed Lucky on the cheek; exchanging greetings then hugged me fervently,
“Where are my daughters?” She asked looking around.
“I’m sure they’ll be here soon.” I told her. We sat a little, chatting when Lucky excused herself. I wondered if she was okay; try as I might to get her to relax but she wasn’t cooperating. I heard its customary for brides to get stressed a little at this time, hopefully when it’s all over she’d get some down time. We still haven’t decided where we’ll go for our honeymoon, but I did promise to take her on a cruise ship once.
“She’s seems nice” Helen said bringing me out of my thoughts “Very beautiful too” she added winking at me. I chuckled, nodding “She’s amazing.” I said and she smiled “I can’t tell you how happy I ‘am for you.” She said and I thanked her just as the doorbell rang. I opened the door and smiled,
“Jesse! How’s my son in law to be?” Joslyn said hugging me
“I’m very well thank you, come on in.” I said shaking hands with Josh and Eileen.
I’d gotten to know Lucky’s family during our time in Raymond last year, I was happy with their acceptance of me. We walked into the living room and I introduced everyone to each other. Just then Lucky came back, she smiled when she saw her family.
“Mom, I’m so happy to see you.” She said hugging Joslyn tightly, then her aunt and uncle. “You too baby girl, you well? Is Jesse taking care of you?” she teased.
“Mom” she quietly bellowed blushing when everyone laughed, “If you must know, he’s doing an exceptional job.” She added wrapping her arm around my waist. I smiled down at her; glad to know I was excelling at a job I loved very much.
She and I sat of the love sofa watching our group interact, Maria was just bringing beverages when Jeffery came in with Tom and Garrett.
I smiled standing up to hug them “I thought you were supposed to arrive tomorrow.” I said and Tom rolled his eyes.
“And miss the big dinner, what kind of groomsmen would we be huh?” He teased and I chuckled.
“Lucky you remember Tom and Garrett,” I said and she nodded greeting them. I’d briefly introduced her to my childhood friends when we were in Wimberley. When I asked them they were more than happy to fly in from Texas to stand with me. I’d also asked Nicolas, the MD at G-Industries to join them. Not to mention my friend Kevin as the best man.
10 minutes later my cousins arrived along with Jenna and Nicky. After more minutes of mingling we all gathered in the dinning room for a three-course meal.
Everyone took turns telling stories; some of them were about Lucky and I. Everyone seemed to be having a great time, Lucky stood up with the salad bowl and went into the kitchen. I stood up too following her
“So far so good right?” I asked hugging her from behind. She smiled and nodded
“I know; it’s going better than I expected.” She said turning around. She took a sip of some wine and chuckled when I raised my eyebrow at her.
“Grape juice.” She said
“Oh, nice cover up.” I said. I didn’t understand Lucky’s apprehension to tell people about her pregnancy. I was ready to shout it from the mountaintops. But I didn’t want to rush her into it.
I leaned in to lightly brush my lips across hers, I can’t resist touching her even for a second. Joslyn cleared her throat, she stifled a smile and Lucky blushed. “Sorry to interrupt, I came to get some more casserole,” she said. I grabbed the bowl of salad she filled “I’ll take this to the table” I said kissing her cheek and walked away.
The rest of the evening went by accordingly, I smiled when Joslyn stood up and made a toast to Lucky’s happiness and myself. Uncle Ben also made a speech, expressing his joy over our union. He also made a reference to my parents and how they would’ve loved to have Lucky as a daughter in law. I couldn’t help but mentally nod.
After dinner people started to slowly leave, we said goodbye to Lucky’s family last.


I parked my Ferrari outside Ally and Mandy’s store, I tried to protest but they insisted we do a fitting of our own. I walked in to find Garrett and Tom checking out the whole store. I went over to them chatting for a while, Nicolas soon stepped in.
“Everything good?” I asked, we both left work to do this,
“Yeah, I gave the team instructions until we returned.” He said while greeting my friends. Ally and Mandy came out at the back 
“Okay you guys, I know we’re taking up you’re time so we’ll try to be as quick as possible.” Ally said.
“Yeah, we just want to see if any alterations need to be made, we want everyone to look perfect,” Mandy added.
“Sounds good to me.” Garrett teased and everyone chuckled, just as the door opened. “What’s a fitting without the best man huh?” Kevin said walking towards us with a huge grin on his face.
“Kevin buddy, how’s Cairo?” I asked hugging him; he chuckled
“Hot, exciting, I could go on forever.” He said extending his greetings to the rest of the group. When I called him to do this he was in Egypt I figured that’s where he flew in. Kevin was my opposite; he loved the suitcase life, always taking missions at different locations. He’s never in one place for too long, that was part of the reason why we stopped partnering up.
He also hasn’t had a steady girlfriend since Celeste walked away from him; he was filling his life with distractions. It pained me to an extent because I was him not so long ago.
My cousins directed us to the dressing rooms and we all took turns parading in front of them as they surveyed us. All the groomsmen’s 3-piece tuxedos were grey in color with violet blue pocket squares and ties. Mine was more of a charcoal grey then theirs. Mandy smiled adjusting my tie
“You got to love a man in an Armani suit. Nice one Ally.” She said over her shoulders and I rolled my eyes.
“No offense my man, but the bride is sizzling hot. Are the rest of the bridesmaids also hot?” Garrett asked and Kevin chuckled. I chuckled too in spite of myself; I couldn’t really fault Garrett. Any man would be blind not to see how incredibly gorgeous Lucky is. I didn’t miss the fact that I was fortunate to be the one she wanted. Men fell all over her; she could have her pick.
“You’ll find out soon enough.” Ally said smirking.
“Yeah but they’ll be no orgies at my wedding fellas.” I said solemnly and they murmured their disapproval.
“Ah what a classic killjoy my best friend is.” Kevin said. “I’m guessing we rule out strippers at the bachelor party?” Tom asked though he knew the answer. I’d only agreed to this whole bachelor party thing on one condition, no strippers.
“Do you want Lucky to leave me at the altar?” I said; I doubted she would appreciate another woman grinding against me. Besides I’d never acquainted myself with strippers even before I met her. Or felt the urge to visit a strip club either; well except for the one time when my fiancée was the main feature.
“Nice call big bro.” Ally said bringing me out of my thoughts “because I’d hate for this tux and her dress to go to waste. And no I’m not going to tell you about it.” She said smiling at my expression. I laughed with my hands raised.


Kevin came back with me to the office after we had lunch at a restaurant; I cleared my table opening up my laptop. After the whole Bianca problem I’ve been deliberately avoiding finding a replacement for her. Though I couldn’t keep putting it off, there were things I just didn’t have time to do myself.
“This office has an even sicker view than the last one, you relocated?” he asked slumping to the sofa on the side of the office.
“Yeah, about a year ago.” I said; Kevin rarely has time to visit. Normally he’d come for a couple of hours then leave. This will be the longest he’d stuck around.
The phone on my desk rang and I picked it up “Yes.” I answered and it was my receptionist.
“Sorry to disturb you Mr. Gilbert, but Daniel Gilbert wishes to speak with you now.” She said and I was taken aback for a moment. Kevin saw my expression and raised his eyebrows in question.
I covered the mouthpiece “Daniel is on the line.” I said and the same expression crossed his features “What the hell does he want?” he asked and I shrugged.
“Put him through.” I said into the receiver and waited.
“Jesse, how’s my favorite cousin doing?” A familiar voice came through
“Daniel, to what do I owe this displeasure?” I asked monotonously, he chuckled.
“Must you and I always antagonize each other huh?” he asked
“I’m very well Daniel and I hope you are too. Now I know this is not a social call so tell me what you want.” I said looking at a smiling Kevin.
He sighed then told me, thankfully it was business related. The unfortunate part is that the business family briefing was long overdue. This time it was to be at the South African headquarters, spending two days around my family was not exactly my ideal way to start my honeymoon. Having Lucky with me was going to make the whole thing bearable.
“I’ll bring them with me, is that all?” I asked,
“Yes, although I can’t believe that I have to find out about my own cousin’s engagement from a newspaper.” He said, with forced sincerity “Am I even invited to the wedding?”
“No.” I simply answered and he chuckled
“Ouch, I’m wounded.” He said sarcasm clear in his voice “Your fiancée is very beautiful, when do I get to meet her?” he asked and my mood darkened.
“If I had my way it would be never, but as things stand you’ll meet her soon enough. That’s if she wants to.” I said.
“Oh Jesse come on now, I hope you’ve told her good stories about us.” He said with a steel edge to his tone.
“Only the best.” I replied in the same tone “Now if you’ll excuse me I have work to do.” I said and he muttered a goodbye and hung up.
Kevin shook his head chuckling “Why do you put up with that guy? I would’ve loved to punch his face in a couple of times.” He said.
“You and me both, but regrettably he’s family.” I said and he laughed harder.
“What? Another get together?” he asked and I nodded
“Yeah and I’m not looking forward to it.” I said turning back to my computer.































4. Customs

Lucky POV

I walked towards Jesse’s study with a plate of food in hand; he missed dinner so I figured he was very busy. I thought back to the conversation Mom and I had in the kitchen after Jesse left. She was thrilled that I was getting married, and more so to Jesse. She never made it a secret that she was glad I’d have financial security with him. 
I couldn’t fault her for wanting the best for me, though I was secure with Jesse for more than one reason, and money was not on the list. 
I couldn’t help but smile as I came across another bush of white flowers. Linda and her team have taken the liberties of decorating the entire castle with flowers and bows. 
I’ve been deliberately avoiding the garden, even though we talked about what it would look like. I still wanted to be surprised to an extent. Most of all I loved the energy here, the whole estate was buzzing with the wedding being only two days away.
I walked in closing the door behind me; by the looks of his desk he was indeed busy. He looked up and smiled
“Dinner.” I said laying the plate on the coffee table.
“Thank you love, sorry I missed it. Paperwork.” He said indicating to his table.
I walked towards him then I realized something “You still haven’t appointed a new PA, have you?” I asked knowingly. He sighed
“I haven’t found the time.” He said gesturing for me to sit on his lap, I slowly obliged.
“Or you’re just avoiding it” I said, feeling his hand in my hair “I’d hate to think you were doing it because of me.” I added looking down.
I didn’t want Jesse to think I had a problem with him having a PA after the whole incident with Bianca.
“Its not because of you, having a PA actually freaks me out.” He teased and I laughed.
“Well you have to, I want more time with you.” I said leaning my forehead against his “Just make sure she isn’t a psycho.” I added and he chuckled. “Alright.” He replied then paused “Or you could be my new PA” he added shocking me. I stood up “Oh hell no.” I said shaking my head.
“Why not? I’ll get to look at you all day. That’s all I need.” He said and I chuckled
“Let’s face it Jesse, we’d never get any work done. I get uncomfortable just at the thought of making love on your desk.” I said. He flashed me one of his devilishly handsome grins, clearly imagining the scene by the look in his eyes.
“Its not going to happen, so forget it.” I said blushing a little because I did too and I liked it; he shrugged.
“Come over sometime and we’ll find out.” He said arrogantly, standing up too. I stared at him open-mouthed as he opened his cabinet. I made a mental note to avoid visiting him at work, unless I wanted to be ravished in his office.
I was baffled when he placed a spinning world map globe in front of me
“Since the PA job is a bust, lets talk honeymoon, pick a place and we’ll go there.” He said and I smiled. 
He was offering to take me anywhere I wanted, I giggled as I closed my eyes spinning it. I wanted to leave the destination to chance, I paced my finger on it and it stopped. I opened my eyes to see an amused Jesse scrutinizing where my finger landed.
“Italy” he said then he spoke something in what I thought was Italian, I raised my eyebrows at him.
“How many languages do you speak?” I asked and he chuckled at my expression
“Only Italian and Spanish. I took them in school; they’ve always intrigued me. I’ve never been to Italy myself.” He said and I smiled.
“Then it’s a good thing we’re going.” I said and his brows furrowed a little
“We have to make a small detour though.” He said looking at me “To South Africa, my family is meeting there for a briefing on business.” He added.
“Oh.” That’s all I could think at that point in time, I didn’t know weather to be excited or terrified. 
I was finally going to meet the rest of Jesse’s family, a group he seemed adamant to keep me away from. What will they think of me? What will they say? What will I say?
Jesse tilted my head up to meet his gaze, “You don’t even have to see them love, I just need you to come with me.” he said. I stroked the side of his face
“Of course, I wouldn’t leave you on our honeymoon.” I said, did he think I would let him go without me? I wouldn’t care if we were going to see the devil himself, I always wanted to be by his side.
“Besides they are your family after all, I have to meet them one way or another.” I said. Jesse hardly talked of his family, but in the rare occasions when he did, he had nothing nice to say about them. 
Except that they were passionate about the company. He kissed my hand and led me to the sofa; he picked up his plate.
“Want me to feed you?” I asked and he laughed
“You spoil me.” he said and I chuckled “You have me beat.” I said, placing my arm on headrest of the couch, drinking in the sight of him. His soft tousled ink black hair, the striking blue of his intelligent eyes framed by thick black lashes. The arch of his dark brows, the perfect angle of his nose, the sensual and masculine curve of his lips; the strong set of his square jaw. I rememorized him all over again. 
He smiled looking at me then he held out a piece of meatloaf to me, I giggled and opened my mouth.
“You’re feeding me now.” I said after I chewed.
“I missed watching you eat tonight.” He said “I find it amusing.” He added. I playfully frowned “Are you insinuating that I eat like a pig?” I asked crossing my arms; my eating habits have drastically changed with my pregnancy. He stifled a laugh “Not at all my love.” He said.
“Oh shut up, you’re the one who knocked me up.” I said and he laughed when I punched him on the arm.


“Last day as a Strauss, how does it feel?” Angie asked as I packed my overnight bag. “It feels weird, but in an exciting way.” I said truthfully.
After tomorrow I’d now be known as Lucky Gilbert, that was surreal to me. Carmen was downstairs impatiently waiting for me but I refused to leave until Jesse came back. 
She and my sisters insisted that I don’t sleep on the estate tonight; apparently we were having a slumber party at her house. 
I didn’t care much about wedding traditions and customs but they had another idea.
I got downstairs and Jesse had just arrived with Kevin, I greeted him; it was really nice to see him again. Carmen came in from the backyard
“Come on Lucky let’s go.” She said. I turned to look at Jesse
“Can you at leased give us a minute alone.” He said grasping my hand and leading me into the empty kitchen.
“5 minutes” Carmen called out seemingly staring at Kevin, who was staring right back. Was I imagining that?
“Did you see that?” I asked Jesse when we were alone and he chuckled
“You mean Carmen and Kevin ogling at each other? Yeah I did.” He said.
He took me into his arms hugging me tightly; he and I weren’t going to see each other until the wedding. I was missing him already.
“No strippers.” I said and then felt his chest shake with laughter. I heard his friends were throwing him a bachelor party. I really hoped he had a great time just as long as there are no trashy women clinging to him.
“I could say much for you too.” He said and I looked up at him baffled, why would I have male strippers? “You don’t know about your bachelorette party?” he asked. I shook my head, so there was no ‘slumber party’ 
“Carmen! What is this I hear about a bachelorette party?” I called out
“Thanks for ruining the surprise Jesse” I heard her reply and Jesse chuckled
“Sorry” he called back out to her.
He leaned down and gave me a passionate kiss,
“I’ll see you out there” he said and I smiled “Can’t wait.” I replied, he paused then he leaned back looking into the lounge. I raised my eyebrows at him and he smiled,
“Another surprise is here.” He said releasing me, I turned into the lounge and he followed. I saw a familiar face walk in “Oh my goodness, Amber.” I exclaimed going over to hug her.
“Lucky! Its so good to see you again girl, you look fantastic.” She said.
“I thought you weren’t going to make it.” I said and snorted
“And miss the wedding of the century, not a chance.” She said, “Things got a little crazy, the plane got delayed and everything.” She added.
“Oh, Amber this is my friend Carmen.” I said introducing them “Carmen this is Amber, I met her in Bermuda.” I said.
“Nice to meet you, were you guys just leaving?” she asked after shaking hands with Carmen.
“Yeah, apparently I have a bachelorette party.” I said sparing Carmen a disapproving look, who shrugged innocently.
“You should come.” She said to Amber who smiled and nodded. “We better go now.” She added.
I grabbed my overnight bag wanting to give Jesse one last goodbye kiss, but felt Carmen pull my arm back.
“I don’t think so, we’re leaving now.” She said, I looked back and he smiled for a second I thought he mouthed ‘I love you’.
I got in the front and Amber got in the back of her Jaguar,
We met up with Jenna and Nicky and we went for the full spa treatment. They called it the ‘last day as a free woman’ celebration. I chuckled at that sentiment; I was never a free woman. Marriage license or not, I’ve always belonged to Jesse, even when I didn’t want to be.
The sun had started to set when we went back to Carmen’s place, unfortunately Amber did not come with us. Though she promised to be at the wedding.
Bachelorette party or not, I had fun just being with three of my friends and sisters. 
We danced laughed and talked, they even had ‘gush about the groom’ hour. Which surprisingly I did without protest.
I awkwardly refused a glass of Champaign Nicky gave me
“Oh come on peaches, it’s a special occasion, one drink wont hurt.” She said and I shook my head. They gave me a puzzled look; Carmen looked at me and nodded. She wanted me to tell them, I should tell them.
“Well it wont hurt me, but it’ll hurt the baby. I’m pregnant.” I said, then their expressions turned to utter shock. Nicky silently made her way back to her couch
“Wow, and you didn’t bother to tell us?” Jenna said breaking the silence
“Carmen knows.” I said quickly “That doesn’t count.” Nicky replied.
“I know; I just wanted everyone to focus on the wedding.” I said, “Jesse and I didn’t really plan this baby, well not now at leased. It sort of happened, by one contraceptive mess up.” I said chuckling and they laughed.
“Don’t get me wrong I’m happy but I didn’t really want to bring out the baby news in the midst everything. I wanted to take it one step at a time, I’m sorry” I said. Jenna came over to hug me
“Aw its okay sis, congratulations. I’m not mad, I just always thought I’d be the first to know.” She said and Nicky snorted.
“Oh please, you already have the maid of honor position.” She teased and Jenna stuck her tongue out at her.
“That baby is blessed with perfect genes.” Nicky said then she jumped to her feet “Oh my God, do you know what this means?” she said.
We all looked at her questioningly and she giggled
“You’re like carrying the heir to the Gilbert throne.” She said and I threw my arms up “Oh gosh Nik, seriously a throne?” I said and Carmen laughed.
“Its true, everyone considers the Gilberts royalty.” She said “I can see why, I heard Rebecca knows the prince of England on a first name basis.” She said and everyone stared at her incredulously.
“Wow Nik, you know more about my new family than I do.” I sarcastically; I haven’t even met Jesse’s aunt in person yet. Though that was going to change soon,
“Peaches, everyone knows about them more than you.” She said rolling her eyes “My point is that baby is destined for great things and its not even born yet. What are you hoping for, boy or girl?” she asked.
“Either one just as long as its healthy, although I kind of hope it’s a boy.” I said
“Yeah well judging by the father, it’s definitely a boy.” Jenna added and I chuckled. Didn’t I just know it?
“Thanks you guys, I had fun.” I said and Nicky shook her head
“You know what’s the best part about a bachelorette party?” she asked, “Crashing the bachelor party.” She added.
“You can’t be serious.” I said and she smiled wickedly
“Think of how much fun it would be.” She said excitedly “We’ll walk in there like we own the place, if we find any strippers we kick their asses out and take their place.” She said. Nik had a talent of shocking a room to utter silence
“I can’t believe I’m saying this but that would be fun.” Carmen said and Jenna nodded. I couldn’t believe them,
I had to admit it to myself that somehow the thought of shoving some stripper away from Jesse and replacing her brought me slight pleasure.
“There won’t be any strippers,” I said,
“Even better, we’ll be like their dream come true.” Nicky persisted.
“You all are crazy, I can’t just walk in there and ruin Jesse’s party.” I said,
“Its not ruining, its spicing it up. Besides might be the best thing that’s happened to him.” She said, “You go in there and give your man the best lap dance he’s ever gotten.” Carmen said and I gapped at her.
“But we’re not strippers hey.” Jenna said
“We don’t even have to strip, we just going to bust a sick and sexy routine and give Lucky her chance then leave.” Nicky said. 
“And our clothes?” I asked, none of us had anything overly sexy on
“I have an idea.” Carmen said then stood up, I couldn’t believe I’m agreeing to this, although I was a bit excited. They didn’t know that I was playing stripper for the second time. But this time I didn’t have to worry about anything but seducing my own fiancé and having fun while I’m at it.
“Makeover.” Carmen said, appearing with a scissor in hand.




























5. Bachelor Party

Jesse POV

“Yeah! Lets do this.” Garrett said as we pulled up to a popular club in LA, we got out of the car and went in. All I knew was that they had rented it out for the evening. 
Indeed it was empty accept for a barman and the DJ up on the booth.
“We have the whole club to ourselves, nice.” Nicolas said.
No one knew how to have fun like my friends did; we played a series of games. Including a game of pool and many others; I realized just how much I’ve missed this crazy bunch.
“Gentlemen, a bachelor party is not complete without a game of Texas Hold ‘Em.” Garrett said as we made our way to the huge poker table in the middle of the club. We played a tight game until it was just Kevin and I left.
Kevin decided to bet all his chips on the last round, so I did as well. Causing the whole table to erupt with small sounds of anticipation.
The dealer announced for us to reveal our hands and Kevin went first
“Pocket rockets” He said smugly and the guys hooted, “Who’s the man?” he added sitting back folding his hands behind his head.
I smirked “Actually…” I said revealing my hand “I’m the man. Royal flush.” I added and his smile fell.
I laughed as I leaned forward and grabbed all of the chips; Tom patted my back.
After a moment Kevin laughed as well “Nice one my friend, I’ll get you next time.”
“Yeah, so what am I taking?” I asked “I was thinking that Lexus LFA of yours.”
He chuckled “Yeah, keep dreaming.” He said.
Suddenly the music died down and the DJ’s voice came through the speakers
“Okay fellas hope ya’ll having a good time.” He said “Well its about to get better because the girls are in the building.” He added.
“The what?” I asked giving my friends a hard look “You better not have…”
“Yeah, we all want to keep our heads here mate. We didn’t hire any strippers.” Kevin said and the club dimmed.
Lights emanated from the stage in front of us as four figures emerged, and the one in the middle looked too familiar.
“Oh hell.” I said my eyes widening “Those aren’t strippers. That’s Lucky and her friends.” I said and Kevin’s eyebrows shot up.
The music started and they all came under bright lights, and they started dancing. Doing a perfectly synchronized routine of feminine and sexy dance moves. My eyes met with Lucky’s for a second and she gave me a mischievous half smile.
“Wow, they’re good.” I heard Tom say and I felt myself nod.
I also noticed that doing this was a spare of the moment thing because of their clothes. They were all casual, just nipped and tucked in the right places.
Lucky was wearing a white tank top with a scissor cut V-neck, showing off a little cleavage. The top was folded up right below her chest.
She also wore denim shorts with red heels, and my God those legs!
My attention shifted back to her face, I noticed she wore red lipstick, something she never did before. It looked striking in contrast to her dark hair; which swirled around whenever she turned or shook her head.
The music ended and the guys started applauding and blowing whistles
“Give us the groom.” Carmen said, and Tom and the rest moved away from me.
Lucky walked off stage towards me, her movement graceful and sensual as a she wolf closing in on her prey. I grinned a little; I had a feeling I was going to like this.
Another song began and she started dancing in front and all around me, Lucky was a great dancer; she knew how to move that sexy body of hers. Though I couldn’t look away from her eyes; they were mesmerizing.
I heard wolf-whistles behind me as she climbed on top of me and grabbed the back of my neck; pulling my head back then onto her. 
For a moment I considered if she was drunk, but I knew better. It was uncharacteristic of her to be so openly seductive and bold. Especially in front of people, but I’ve discovered that my soon to be wife has an alter ego. 
She could go from being shy and reserved to a seductive goddess when she wanted to be.
I didn’t hear the music stop or the awkward silence, because her green gaze held mine in a hypnotic trance and all I wanted to do was kiss her. Spectators be damned.
“O-kaay, don’t go all discovery channel on us.” Carmen teased breaking the silence and Lucky finally looked up then got off me, blushing a little as some laughed and clapped.
Everyone began mingling with each other as the music resumed in the club.
Lucky grabbed my hand and we went to the other end of the club sitting on the couch together. She chuckled snuggling up to me
“Did you like that?” she asked,
“Well if the fire in my loins is anything to go by then yes I did.” I said.
She turned her head to kiss me; since nobody seemed to be paying attention to us I deepened our kiss. I grabbed her bare waist, kissing her neck. Loving the feel of her velvety skin on my hands and lips. Oh how I wanted to…
I really had to stop, because I was just torturing myself. I was practically smelling the bouquet of wine I couldn’t taste. I pulled away and she sighed
“Unfortunately this doesn’t change anything, I’m still not allowed to sleep in your bed tonight.” She said her breath a little shallow after our kiss.
“I know, that’s the only reason why I’m not hauling you out of here.” I said thickly and she chuckled, “This is going to be a rough night.” I added.
“I know, but after that we’ve got our whole lives to be together.” She said smiling.
“Thank goodness.” I said kissing her forehead
“How long did it take you to realize it was me up there?” she asked
“From the moment you walked on, 5 seconds.” I said her mouth turned into an impressed grin “Whose idea was this?” I asked.
“Nicky’s, I’m not crazy enough to conjure this up on my own.” She said; I nodded.
“Ah but you were crazy enough to go along with it.” I said and she laughed
“True, I wanted to give you the ultimate bachelor party experience” she added
“Without the guilt.” I added, “without the guilt.” She repeated smiling.
Her gaze shifted to the bar and it was fixated there for a while, I followed it. Only to see Carmen and Kevin chatting,
“Do you think there’s something brewing between them?” she asked.
“Oh yeah, they look more than a little cozy.” I said sure of myself. I could see that Kevin clearly liked Carmen but I knew his antics.
“Is that how we looked like in the beginning?” she asked again still watching them. I chuckled remembering
“We were ready to pull each other’s hair out, remember?” I asked and she nodded chuckling “But seemingly we were transparent to the third person.”
“I doubt they’ll be tying the knot anytime soon though, Kevin hasn’t had a serious relationship in almost 6 years now.” I added.
I doubted he had one in mind now either, he normally overlooked his feelings; which is what I did with Lucky before. I lusted after her like crazy, but I overlooked the fact that I was willing to jump off a cliff for her. 
“You guys played poker?” she asked smiling towards the table in front, I nodded “Who won?” she asked.
“Yours truly.” I said and she chuckled “Why am I not surprised.” She said wrapping her arms around my neck.
“But you’d let me win right?” she asked seductively, looking at me through her thick long lashes. I chuckled inwardly; Lucky has perfected getting me to do her bidding very easily. The amount of power she had over me was mind boggling at times.
“Yes.” I said, “Only if we’re playing strip poker and you’re the only one stripping.”
She pouted and I stared at her lips “Humph, you drive a hard bargain Mr. Gilbert.” She said. Her hand went in my hair, getting closer to me “Are you sure there isn’t a better deal on the table.” she whispered in my ear.
I felt the warmth of her body like a caress; I took a deep breath, inhaling her sweet scent of pure woman. “I’m afraid not Ms. Strauss.” I said standing my ground, she pulled away frowning.
“Why doesn’t this seduction thing work on you?” she muttered, how did she know it didn’t work? My mood darkened.
“Have you tried it on anyone else?” I asked tersely, she paused then smiled mischievously shrugging “I don’t know. Have I?” she said tapping her chin with a finger. I abruptly grabbed her wrist, glaring at her. She slowly glanced at my hand then back at me, her eyes didn’t show anger for practically manhandling her. Just quiet defiance and desire? I felt the quick rate of her pulse beneath my fingers and I loosened my grip but didn’t let go.
“So aggressive.” She murmured lifting her chin “Only when it comes to what’s mine.” I said. She withdrew her hand “Give me what I want.” She persisted; I stared at her then laughed in spite of myself “You play dirty.” I said.
“Only because you’re being unfair.” She completed what seemed like our mantra,
I held up my hands “Alright.” I said. “You shall win in every game of poker my queen.” I added kissing her wrist hoping I didn’t hurt her; she smiled kissing me.
“And you shall be rewarded with a striptease my king.” She said; I chuckled
“Why do I get the feeling you just get a kick out of dominating me?” I said. And God only knows I want her even more when she challenges me like that. She chuckled too “I just get a kick out of restoring the balances.” She said; I raised an eyebrow “You can’t always have it your way. I’m your kryptonite Superman.” She added.
I extended my arms and she came into them “Heaven help me.” I said and she laughed playing with my shirt.
“Are you getting cold feet?” she teased tilting her head up to look at me
“Well I’m marrying my kryptonite, what do you think?” I teased and she chuckled. “My feet are as warm as can be little one.” I said kissing her forehead.
“Alright ladies, let’s move out.” Jenna called out then she turned to us “You too Lucky.” She added, “Don’t make me come over there.” She threatened.
She moaned in complaint and I chuckled releasing her, she gave me a chaste kiss then stood up. I couldn’t help but playfully slap her lovely bottom; she froze.
“Well you are my stripper after all.” I said and she gave me a hard look “Whom I love and will be marrying in a couple of hours.” I added quickly. She smiled
“Good answer.” She said blew me a kiss then walked away.
“We were never here,” Nicky said “Its been fun boys.” She called out and they disappeared out of the club.
“You fortuitous son of a gun.” Garrett said as I approached them, I smirked
“Don’t I just know it,” I said.
“Lets get out of here too, you have to look fresh for your wedding, or else I look bad.” Kevin said, we laughed.
When we arrived back at the estate, Kevin and I sat in the lounge a bit. Talking about old times.
“Carmen, what’s going on there?” I asked and he slightly grimaced then paused
“She hot, intelligent and fun.” He said “Yeah I like her…a lot.” He added.
My eyebrows slightly rose, because he actually sounded genuine
“Before you jump into conclusions, I’m not going to pursue this one.” He said “Last time I checked you normally don’t have a choice.” I said chuckling
“Whoa, I’m not ready for that.” He said. “I never was either.” I said and he slightly frowned “She’s trouble I don’t want or need in my life right now.” He added
I sighed inwardly “Carmen is nothing like Celeste buddy.” I said and he surprised me by nodding “I know, that’s the problem.” He said.
I looked at him questioningly “You’re speaking riddles again man.” I said and he laughed, “Look whose talking.” He said getting up.

























6. Big Day

Lucky POV

“Rise and shine Cinderella.” I opened my eyes to see Carmen hovering over me “You don’t want to be late for your own ball.” She added.
I sat up smiling, she and I looked at each other for a minute then we both squealed in excitement, and laughed at our own childish actions.
“I’m so excited and nervous.” I said, “Wow, I’m getting married.” I said, and repeated it inwardly but I still couldn’t wrap my head around it.
“Yeah, and my job is to get you ready. Now hit the shower.” She said standing up.
“Wait.” I said and she sat back down “What’s going on between you and Kevin?” I asked; Carmen didn’t like me stalling when it came to asking her something.
She smiled “You saw that huh?” she asked knowingly,
“Yeah, so did everyone else.” I added; she shrugged
“Well he’s good-looking and charming, I’m attracted to him.” She said
“I’m glad, I think he’s nice. Just be careful my friend.” I said; I hope she didn’t think I was prying. I only had her best interests at heart.
“I know; I’m not blind to the fact that he’s a playboy looking for a good time.” She said shocking me a little “Oh yeah, but you see two can play that game.”
I laughed; I should’ve known better, Carmen was not easily taken. Nor did she ever let her guard down, especially when it came to the male species.
Even if they were both looking for a ‘good time’, these games were dangerous. It was like playing with fire, someone would eventually get burned; I was living proof. I tried that with Jesse, thinking I could satiate my lust for him while staying detached. The motive seemed cheap but the act felt anything but; whenever he touched me, he made me feel beautiful, safe…wanted. I grew dangerously addicted to that; to him, and what did I do? I ended up falling in love with him and falling hard. Then it wasn’t a game anymore, and I was in tears thinking he didn’t love me back.
“Alright.” I said, but Carmen was not me; maybe she could actually pull it off.
“I was watching you and Jesse too.” She said and I blushed “It was like watching a real-life romantic drama. For a moment I considered coming to save you when I saw him grab you.” She added, “Then I remembered…”
“That he loves me and that he’d never hurt me.” I finished for her and she nodded. I had to admit that I was actually turned on by the rough way Jesse handled me, I love that he always treats me with delicacy. But I also love the darker less gentlemanly side to him.
“And that its probably your fault you crazy biatch, what did you do to him?” Carmen asked playfully,
I smiled in chagrin “I sort of made him think I go around seducing other men.”
Carmen shook her head “Poor Jesse has his work cut out for him, I actually feel sorry for him.” She said.
“Me too.” I said, even I knew I was a piece of work. We both laughed
“Okay, I need you out of this bed as in yesterday.” She said and I snapped out of it, getting up.
“Amanda and Allison are coming over here.” She added.
“We aren’t going to the estate?” I asked, that’s where they said we should be
“They called to say it would be better to dress here instead,” She said and I nodded and got in the bathroom.
I walked back out and Carmen and I went downstairs, I stopped as I looked around her living room in shock. It was a full-blown mobile salon.
“What’s going on here?” I whispered to Carmen, she chuckled
“They brought their ‘glam squad’ along.” She replied.
People I didn’t know were already working on Jenna, Abby and Nicky; I spotted Ally. She waved and walked towards me “Thank God there are no dark circles under your eyes, good job Carmen.” She said when she reached me.
“Good morning to you too Ally.” I said, she smiled and grabbed my arm leading me to an empty chair in front of mirrors. A woman walked towards us
“Lucky this is Lillian McKay, she’s a celebrity hair and make-up stylist.” She said.
We shook hands, hoping I imagined the word celebrity.
Ally left Lillian and me alone, she along with another woman worked on me. She did a retro up-do on me. She side parted my hair and tied it into a ponytail at the crown and created curls. She raked her hands through them and pined them into a messy bun. She braided a section of my hair around my head like a headband. She started with my make-up shortly afterwards,
I could only sit there and watch in awe as she completely transformed me. I had to fight the urge to constantly look at myself in the mirror just to check if it was still a reflection of me. My eyes stood out the most, my cheeks were contoured with a peachy brown color, and my lips were neutral and glossy. Lillian has been making conversation with me throughout
“I heard People Magazine offered you millions of dollars for an inside look into the wedding.” She said and I froze “I think its commendable that you turned it down, you can’t put a price on privacy,” she added.
I took a moment to recover; I had no idea about this offer. My guess is that Jesse wanted to keep it that way, but why didn’t he tell me. Of course I didn’t want the press at my wedding he knew that, but why would he keep quiet about it?
“Yeah, we just wanted to have an intimate ceremony with friends and family.” I said and thankfully she dropped that subject.
“Walla!” she said closing her huge make-up case. I scrutinized myself
“What inspired the look?” I asked and she chuckled, 
“You’re a classic beauty; I thought we better show that off.” She said and I smiled “Wow” I said, tongue-tied. I heard my mother’s voice from behind me. I turned to see her walk in. I thanked Lillian and jumped out of my seat.
“Mom, you’re here.” I said wanting to hug her but she froze to a halt when she saw me. “Lucky? Is that you?” she asked and I rolled my eyes.
“Of course its me mom.” I said and she hugged me. Jenna walked up to us, she was already dressed; she looked beautiful.
“Hi mom.” She said hugging her; she turned to me “You. Get dressed. Now.”
“Alright, Mom comes with me.” I said and she followed me back upstairs
I grabbed the suit cover with my dress in it and opened it; my mom helped me into the dress. A knock came on the door and I called for them to come in; seemingly it was everyone.
“Oh my God, peaches, you look gorgeous.” Nicky said winking at Ally and Mandy.
I smiled turning to look at myself in the long mirror; at leased she was right.
“Alright lets complete this look.” Mandy said “Something old?”
I chuckled, I already had that “My grandmother’s necklace.” I said smiling at mom. “Something new.” Ally said carrying a tiara with a veil attached to it. I sat down and she put it on me; the veil came behind my bun.
“Something borrowed.” Mom said opening up a small box, revealing beautiful pearl earrings “I wore these when I married your father.” She said putting them on me.
“And finally something blue.” Ally said, Jesse’s eyes I thought as she brought a bigger box and took out white pumps but they had a flower with blue stones on it. “We added these sapphires.” She added as I put them on.
“Not to mention us.” Abby said indicating to their dresses and everyone laughed.
“Can you give me a moment with me daughter.” Mom said and everyone went out of the bedroom.
“You look so beautiful Melissa, I honestly feel like weeping.” She said hugging me,
“Aw mom, now you’re going to make me cry too. And Ally will kill me for messing up my make-up.” I said and she released me but her hand remained on my cheek.
“I wish your father could see you now.” She said, “He’d be so proud.” She whispered wiping away a tear that managed to escape her eye.
“I love you Mom. Thank you.” I said fervently hugging her again.
I carried the skirt of my dress as she and I went downstairs joining everyone else, I noticed that Ally and Mandy’s glam squad was nowhere in sight.
Carmen went to get the door and to my surprise Jeffrey walked in “I’ve been sent to transport the bride.” He said smiling at me. Mandy gave me my bouquet and kissed my cheek. We followed Jeffery outside,
I froze on the driveway staring at the white and gold Rolls Royce he walked to.
Nicky whistled under her breath “Whoa, I’m so jealous.” She teased.
“Don’t be, get a load of our ride.” Carmen said and my mouth dropped as I looked at the white limousine that drove in.
“Nice! I hope there’s Champaign in there” Abby said and Nicky high-fived her, I chuckled “Behave you two” I said.
Jeffery stood with the back door opened; I grabbed Jenna’s hand as the other bridesmaids went to the limo “Ride with me.” I said.
She held my train as Jeffrey helped me inside the luxurious car. She got in the back with me and we drove away. We arrived at the estate and Jeffery opened the door for me. He walked me inside and I found Linda waiting for us
“Right on time, places ladies.” She said to my bridesmaids whom grabbed their bouquets and walked outside. Mom came over to me “I’m going to take my seat” she said kissing my cheek, I nodded. 
“Lucky.” I turned and uncle Josh smiled, I hugged him “You look beautiful.”
“Thank you.” I said, smiling. I couldn’t have thought of anyone better to walk me down the isle, uncle Josh has always been like a father to me. Linda came over to us,
“Everyone is seated, the bridesmaids are walking down the aisle right now, you can go.” She said smiling. I gave her hand a squeeze and took uncle Josh’s arm. We walked out into the backyard and I gasped; it was beautiful with white and blue flowers and decorations everywhere. 
I didn’t get to really look at the reception area as we walked in the garden. The ground was covered in white rose petals that led to the aisle. I took a deep breath when we stood at the beginning of the white carpet to begin my procession. 
I looked up just in time to see everyone stand up from their bow wrapped white chairs. I quickly scanned the crowd, filled with friends, family and some colleagues. 
The violinists next to the posies decorated fountain began playing the familiar wedding march. My heart began to race as I slowly moved forward; I was pretty sure I was hurting uncle Josh by the way I was clinging to his arm. My eyes looked ahead and grazed over the grand white arch draped with more garlands and blue ribbons. 
Then finally to my handsome fiancé, who looked unreal in his tuxedo. He was smiling at me; I smiled back, feeling myself relax a little.
It felt like forever but we finally reached him, Jenna took my bouquet and uncle Josh lifted my veil. He kissed my hand and placed it in Jesse’s waiting one.
I looked into his eyes as we walked up to the officiant.
The audience got seated and he said the opening words and introduction.
Soon enough he recited the vows and we took turns repeating them, I hoped to God I wasn’t crying when Jesse fervently said, “I do”.
Kevin presented us with our wedding bands, we recited our own personalized vows and took turns placing the rings on each other.
“By the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife.” He said, “You may kiss your bride.” He added to Jesse, who grinned and cupped my face in his hands. He gave me a sweet kiss but it had that familiar passionate edge I loved. The uproar of cheers from the guests ended our kiss.
We turned to face our loved ones just as music started again, Jesse took my left hand and kissed it. Jenna gave me back my bouquet and he led me back down the aisle and out of the garden.



















7. Newlywed

Jesse POV

Lucky’s arm wrapped around my waist as we walked back into the backyard towards the grand white gazebo next to the lake; where the reception will be held.
I grabbed her waist and lifted her off the ground, she laughed as I twirled her around. I sat her back down
“How are you feeling?” I asked and she smiled “Happy.” She said
“I love you.” I said kissing her. I’ve done a lot of things in my life, some good, some really bad. But none of them were as profound and fulfilling as marrying this woman.
Soon enough the gazebo was filled with guests, extending their greetings and congratulations. Music filled the reception as the crowds began to mingle.
The music lulled as Linda walked on the small stage; we asked her to be the MC for the night. She was more than happy to do it.
She greeted the crowd and introduced all of the special guests, she asked for everyone to clear the dance floor for the newlyweds.
Lucky smiled as she introduced us as Mr. & Mrs. Gilbert, most of all I loved the look on her face as her favorite band walked on and started playing.
I pulled her closer to me and we moved to the slow tempo song. “Why so surprised? I clearly remember you inviting them to perform when we took our first dance.” I said in her ear. She chuckled
“Yeah at the time I didn’t think it would actually happen.” She replied. “This song is lovely, I don’t know it,” She said to herself
“That’s because they wrote it for us.” I said and her eyes widened a little
“Seriously?” she asked and I nodded smiling at her expression. All too soon the song ended and the crowds cheered. Everyone joined in when they started playing classics.
Someone tapped me on the shoulder and I turned to see Josh, I released Lucky and they began dancing. I went over to Joslyn and asked her for a dance, it was customary that I dance with my new mother.
Everyone got seated and before the meal Kevin stood up to make his best man speech. As usual he was funny and charming as he wished me and Lucky peace and happiness. More family members stood up and made their speeches and toasts in between the courses.
After dinner the DJ cranked up the music and everyone danced, I smiled twirling Lucky around.
“Just when I thought you couldn’t get more beautiful.” I said and she smiled. I was stunned the moment she appeared with Josh up the aisle.
“And just when I thought you couldn’t get more handsome.” She said grabbing my jacket “I was wrong.” She added. I chuckled wrapping my arms around her waist. She paused
“People Magazine?” she asked and I sighed, I wondered how long it would be before she found out about that.
“You heard about that huh?” I said knowingly
“Yeah, from my stylist of all people” she said, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You already had too much on your plate love, you didn’t need to worry about the media too.” I said.
“Do I even want to know exactly how much was offered?” she asked and I immediately shook my head. For someone who just married a billionaire she was very sensitive when it came to monetary issues.
“There’re people out there who need that kind of money and they are willing throw it away on a wedding.” She said and I got an idea
“Tell you what, why don’t we offer them an interview. I’m sure they’ll love that too.” I said, “Then we’ll give the money away to charity. It’ll go to people who really need it,” I added. She thought about it for a moment then she smiled and nodded.
“I like the way you think Mr. Gilbert.” She said, I chuckled kissing her forehead
“I do too Mrs. Gilbert.” I teased and she giggled. I looked at Linda
“I think its time for the cake cutting.” I said grabbing her hand.
She and I made our way to the cake she made me pick; I chuckled inwardly. The photographer flashed his camera on us as we took turns feeding each other. Linda did a fantastic job on the wedding in overall, everything looked wonderful.
I stood with Kevin and we looked on as all the women gathered behind Lucky and she tossed her bouquet to a surprised Carmen. From the corner of my eye I saw Kevin slightly smile. Nicky grabbed a chair and Lucky sat down reluctantly, Nicky motioned with her finger for me to come. Kevin laughed patting my back
“Do it with your teeth mate.” He said as I walked away.
I crouched down in front of Lucky and she lifted the skirt of her dress a little.
She blushed as my hand went up her thigh and I pulled her garter down to her knee. I decided to humor Kevin and remove it with my teeth, and threw it straight at him. Everyone cheered and laughed as he waved it in the air in celebration. People went back to dancing but I pulled Lucky out of the reception.
She and I strolled by the lake; she picked up a few rocks. I looked at her intrigued, “Imagine that this is a wishing well.” She said giving some of them to me, “And that these are coins,” she added. I smiled
“I wish for my wife to stop being so stubborn…” she laughed “But most importantly to live a long and happy life with her.” I said and threw the stone in the lake.
“I wish for my husband’s conceit to come down a few notches and for him to listen to me for a change.” She said and I chuckled “I wish to love him, bear him beautiful and healthy children. Most of all to grow old with him.”
I smiled as she held the stone to her chest then threw it. I hugged her tightly
“I love you too.” She whispered, “You didn’t give me the chance to say that earlier.” She added chuckling.
“Shame on me.” I teased kissing her hand as we walked back to the party.


We changed for our getaway; she came down the stairs wearing a green off-the-shoulder dress, which made her eyes even greener. I grabbed her hand and we went out. Everyone had occupied the driveway to see us off; Jeffrey and Jason had just finished loading our luggage in the Rolls. We said our goodbyes and retreated into the car as they started to throw rice at us.
Our guests smiled and waved at us when the car began to move, she laid her head on my shoulder as we drove away.
“We’re not going to the airport?” she asked as we walked into the living room of my pad in the hills.
I shook my head “It’s a long flight, I thought you might need to rest first.” I said.
“Rest? On our wedding night?” she asked and I chuckled
“Oh why not?” I said scooping her into my arms. I carried her up to the bedroom, I sat her down and she took off her heels.
I went back downstairs to get our luggage; I smiled when I found her sleeping on the bed. She didn’t get under the covers so I’m guessing sleeping wasn’t her original intention. At leased she managed to get out of her dress,
I removed my own clothing and got beside her. I pulled the coverlet over her and kissed her hair.








































8. Tourist

Lucky POV

Jesse and I boarded his jet in the morning, he was right the flight from LA to Cape Town was long. But I was still mad at myself for practically passing out on the bed last night. I didn’t even realize I was that tired, but he did. He seemed to always know what I needed even if I didn’t; it freaked me out sometimes.
I walked out of the jet’s restroom to find Jesse on his laptop on the sofa; I sat next to him “You just decided to let me sleep last night.” I said.
He looked up and back to his computer “You were tired little one, I didn’t want to wake you.” He said, “Besides you looked so peaceful.” He added taping my chin with his finger.
I decided to let it go, I had my whole life to make love to this man; that brought a smile to my lips. Jesse caught me smiling and he grinned too “You just pictured me naked, didn’t you?” he asked and I bit my finger nodding coyly causing him to throw his head back laughing.
I was glad when the pilot finally announced for us to prepare for landing, we got out of the jet and headed to the waiting car.
“Welcome to South Africa.” Said the man who opened the car door to us
“Thank you.” Jesse replied climbing in the back with me.
The man drove around the beautiful city but I couldn’t stop staring at the flat-topped mountain that overlooked the city. “That’s Table Mountain.” Jesse answered my unspoken question.
“Where are we going?” I asked turning my gaze to him,
“My villa in Camps Bay.” He said; I forgot that Jesse once mentioned him having property here. We drove adjacent to the mountain; I knew we’d arrived when we stopped in front of the only property there. Jesse loved his privacy.
“This is magnificent.” I said when we walked in, 
“Its situated on the green belt of the nature reserve.” He said as he gave me a tour. That explains it overlooking wild flora and waterfall-like river. The entire seaside villa has glass doors that disappear into cavity walls, opening the villa completely and showing off its dramatic view of the beach.
“Come for a swim with me.” he said taking his shirt off, I shamelessly stared at his impeccable torso.
I chuckled “Now?” I asked; I didn’t have time to check if Ally and Mandy packed any bathing suits for me. Though they knew where I was going.
“Why not?” he said and I started removing my lite jacket “Feel free to go naked too, this is a private beach.” He added, his eyes raking all over me.
This heated look he gave me never ceased to set my whole body on fire and make my cheeks turn crimson.
“Yeah right.” I said; I was not about to walk out there naked! Private beach or not; he chuckled taking my hand.
“This is lovely.” I said sitting up and looking at the sun set above the ocean. I felt Jesse’s lips below my ear “You know what will make it even better?” he asked “Orgasms.” He whispered. I gasped then chuckled “You’re so dirty.” I teased.
“Mmm, dirty is my middle name,” he said tilting my head to his and taking my mouth with deep and sensual kisses. His tongue stroking and caressing mine “We are yet to make love as married couple.” He added lying me back down on the quilt devouring my neck.
“And you want to do it here?” I asked breathlessly, I said I didn’t want to be naked on the beach and he wanted to have sex? But knowing me, resisting him was a lost cause. “Yeah, where’s your sense of adventure?” he asked loosening up the strings of my bikini top and lifting my leg up to his hip “Don’t answer that.” He purred taking my mouth again.


I walked out of the bathroom to see Jesse buttoning up his shirt
“Ugh, I had to wash my hair twice just to get the sand out.” I said casting him a scornful look. He chuckled grabbing his tie
“But the experience was worth it huh?” he teased, I grinned and nodded. I could easily get lost in Jesse’s relentless lust and passion. I opened up one of my suitcases and found a black dress; it was close fitting and formal enough. Jesse looked at me for a while
“Are you sure you want to do this?” he asked, I’d told him I wanted to accompany him on this family business gathering.
“Yeah, let’s go meet the family.” I said trying to sound cheerful as I checked my appearance in the mirror. He snorted
“That’s very convincing.” He said, putting his jacket on. I walked towards him and set his grey tie straight. He was skeptical of me crossing paths with his relatives, but avoiding them would be the easy and cowardly thing to do. One thing I never wanted to be in life was a coward, besides how bad could it be?
Okay maybe I was shaking like a leaf but I hoped Jesse didn’t see that.
We were driven to Cape Town CBD; we stopped in front of a beautiful modern building, architectural art composing of glass and steel. It was shorter than the skyscraper one in LA; the only similarity was the G-Industries name at the top. My nerves hit an all time high when Jesse said I should be in the meeting too. I said I’ll meet his family but my presence in the meeting felt like intrusion on my part.
“You’re forgetting that I married you this weekend.” He said as we walked out of the lift into the elegantly decorated foyer “You’re every bit a Gilbert as any of them.”
It was sweet that he thought of it like that, but to them I’m still an outsider. He suddenly stopped and grabbed my shoulder “Relax and smile.” He said then he stroked my cheek “No one can resist that smile.” He added. I did in spite of myself “There we go” he said and started to walk again.
“Mr. Gilbert.” A man nodded in greeting opening two wooden doors
Jesse nodded back gesturing for me to go in first. I walked into the large boardroom, there were four people talking among each other but I recognized at leased one, Ben. Who walked towards me smiling; he warmly greeted us both.
Jesse also introduced me to the other three, whom he said were his uncle John and his aunts Kylie and Rebecca. They resembled each other but they were also different to an extent. Jesse explained that John followed his dad then Rebecca; the last-born was Kylie. John and Rebecca were all dark haired while Kylie had the same blonde as Ben. The one thing they all had was that distinctive Gilbert beauty and superiority.
They all greeted us accordingly and extended their congratulations, even though none of them came to the wedding.
“Where is Daniel?” Jesse asked, and Rebecca answered him.
10 minutes later a man I presumed was Daniel walked in, he looked about Jesse’s age and he was handsome. Not as incredibly gorgeous as Jesse, in comparison to him all men fell short in my eyes. He ruined my standards in men for life, he’s as good as it gets. With that in mind it’s a good thing I married him then, I chuckled inwardly.
“Hello father.” I heard Daniel say to John hugging him before settling his grey gaze on us. He walked towards Jesse and I.
He and Jesse exchanged pleasantries then he introduced us. Daniel looked at me and gave me a charming smile.
“My my the cameras don’t do you any justice.” He said and to my surprise he lifted my hand up to his lips and kissed it “Its great to finally meet you.” He said.
I uncomfortably drew my hand back “You too.” I replied kindly, from the corner of my eye Jesse’s expression was unreadable but I knew him well enough to see the glint of irritation in his eyes.
“If we’re all ready lets begin.” He said and everyone took a seat around the huge table. I sat on Jesse’s right at the head of the table. They all took turns discussing the progress and state of each branch in every country. Sometimes I zoned out, I couldn’t hear what they were talking about because I was so hypnotized with the way Jesse conducted the whole proceedings. He was confident and sure of what he was saying and doing. He exuded power and control without looking brute. Anyone with eyes wouldn’t doubt for a second that he was the boss; his aura gave him away. It was in the way he carried himself, talked, it was in his sharp blue gaze. I felt proud to be his wife, but mostly I felt proud and privileged to know the person behind the expensive suit and impenetrable demeanor.
I was relaxed most of the time during the meeting but I would shift uncomfortably whenever any of them looked my way. I didn’t look back long enough to read the emotion in their eyes. It seemed like it has been 2 hours of talking and debating when the meeting finally came to an end. Everyone stood up, John and Rebecca left first.
“I’ll be right back.” Jesse said to me then he walked out with Daniel, and Ben walked out too leaving me with Kylie.
She scrutinized me until I blushed uncomfortably, she stood up and walked towards me “Alright, what game are you playing at?” she asked sitting next to me.
I looked at her dumbfounded “Excuse me?” I asked.
“Don’t play the sweet little innocent act with me okay, I know your type all too well.” She said shocking me.
“My type?” I probed, hurt by her words and tone of voice
“Women like you who use their…” she looked me up and down “…assets to get what they want. You’re nothing but a gold digger looking for the high life.” She spat. “I’ll give you credit though, you aimed pretty high.”
I flinched “I love Jesse, that’s the only reason why I married him.” I said.
She laughed, the malicious sound piercing my ears “Oh please you might be able to fool him honey but not me. What’s the plan huh? Marry him and take over everything?”
I recoiled in shock “I don’t care about…” she held her hand up
“Save it for someone who gives a shit, but know this; the Gilberts are a very powerful and dangerous family to double-cross. Jeopardize this empire and there will be hell to pay. So save your pretty skin and know your place.” She said menacingly and stood up.
I couldn’t be sure what my expression looked like with shock, hurt and outrage attacking me all at once. She didn’t even know me, yet she was accusing me of all these horrible things.
“Don’t worry, my guess is that Jesse will get over whatever hold you have over him and he’ll divorce you in a year or two. Then we’ll never hear from each other ever again.” She said, “Trust me, its better that way.” She whispered smirking. She blew me a kiss and walked out of the room.
I stared after her wishing I could grab her glorious blonde hair and drop kick her, but she was Jesse’s family, she was now my family. How could someone who’s supposed to love and support you be so openly rude and hurtful?
It was as shocking as it was painful.
He’ll divorce you in a year or two, those words made a terrible echo in my head. It was something I’d never considered before; to me marriage was forever. I never contemplated the possibility of Jesse ever divorcing me. Those words were the only reason why I felt tears well up in my eyes. I stood up too,
I couldn’t fall apart in here; I had to get out. I went out of the boardroom only to bump into Ben; he held my shoulders to steady me.
“Careful…” he said then he paused scrutinizing my expression “Lucky what’s wrong?” he asked. I averted my gaze then he looked back “Kylie was in there with you, what did she say to you?” he asked, his tone slightly irritated. I stepped back and shook my head “If Jesse comes back here tell him I went to the car” I said then walked passed him. I turned back “Please don’t tell him about this.” I pleaded quietly; he paused then slowly nodded.
Something told me I could rely on him, so I walked away. I quickly retreated to the car, once inside the silent tears came down. I’d forgotten about our chauffeur until I met his concerned gaze in the rear-view mirror.
“Are you okay Mrs. Gilbert?” he asked, I nodded “I’m fine.” I said quickly. I pushed a button and the tinted glass partition came up. I wiped my face up; I couldn’t let Jesse see me like this.
What would I say to him? I was crying because your aunt was being a bitch?
I didn’t want to put him in a position where he has to take sides. Especially if it’s between his family and me, he shouldn’t have to choose.
About 10 minutes later he got in the car “Uncle Ben told me that you were in here.” He said. So he came through for me, at leased one Gilbert had my back.
“Yeah, everyone left so I figured I should wait for you here.” I said, unable to smile but praying that my voice sounded normal. It was annoying how transparent I was to him.
When he paused and looked at me intently I feared that this time was no different. He held my chin tilting my head up, forcing me to meet his gaze then he froze.
“Were you crying?” he asked, his eyes troubled. Damn it! I thought, quickly turning away from his hold “Why were you crying Lucky?” he probed.
“Its nothing Jesse, I’m just a little hormonal.” I lied looking at him, he didn’t seem to buy my excuse then something dawned his expression.
“Its them, isn’t it?” he said sure of himself “They said something to you, who was it?” he asked, ire creeping in his voice.
“It really doesn’t matter Jesse…”
“Who was it Lucky!” he said, his authorative tone making me flinch. Even I didn’t dare test him when his patience was wearing thin. But I knew he hated raising his voice at me so I caved in.
“It was your aunt Kylie.” I mumbled reluctantly, looking at him
“Go on.” He said softly, though it sounded strained “And don’t you dare lie to me.” he added. I paused looking down “She said I was a gold digger.” I said, and then chastised myself when tears I tried to hold back came down again “She said you’d divorce me in a few years.” I added shakily. I didn’t get a chance to see his expression when he suddenly pulled me into his arms. Embracing me tightly, gently stroking my hair and cheek comfortingly.
“I’m sorry little one, don’t listen to them. This is why I didn’t want them anywhere near you. They’re awful people, I’m starting to think its in their nature.” He said softly. He cupped my face in his hands wiping my tears with his fingers. “You know that fierce Lucky, who doesn’t take crap from anyone? I want her to come out whenever we come cross paths with them again.” He said slightly smiling, “That’s the only language they understand.”
I chuckled comforted, laying my head on his shoulder “I actually wanted to drop kick her.” I admitted and he laughed.
“You should’ve.” He said then he knocked on the glass and the car moved.
“Never forget what I said love.” He added quietly.
All I ask is that you trust in my love, there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you little one.
How could I forget? It was exactly what I wanted to hear at the time, what I always want to hear. No one said this would be easy, but he loved me; that’s all that matters.

























9. Given

Jesse POV

I walked back into the bedroom to find Lucky still sleeping, didn’t want to wake her so I wrote her a note. I looked at her and I cursed myself; I shouldn’t have left her alone with those vultures yesterday.
I left with Daniel to discuss his call a week ago, shortly afterwards I put him in his place. I felt like punching him when he kissed Lucky’s hand, the smirk he gave me afterwards told me he did that just to annoy me. No other man was allowed to touch her except me; thankfully for him he got the message.
When I got back in the car I knew something was wrong by her tone of voice. When I realized she was crying, it didn’t take much to figure out that only my family could’ve done that.
I comforted her while I fought the urge to go ring aunt Kylie’s little neck, knowing her that’s not the only thing she said to Lucky. She was mostly upset that Kylie thought I would divorce her. Lucky had her moments of doubt; maybe I should tell her I love her every minute. I chuckled inwardly; I was terrible at pouring out my feelings to her.
Hopefully over time she’ll see that I was drawn to her like a moth to a flame. She was my flame; I’d go into her even if I knew I’d get burned. I watched her sleep; I gently brushed some of her hair away from her face and kissed her forehead.
I reluctantly walked out of our bedroom, why was leaving her a daily ordeal? I shook my head.
Thankfully when I entered the boardroom again, everyone was there
“Where is your lovely wife?” Daniel asked absently, opening some documents.
“She wont be joining us today.” I said calmly “As some of you decided to verbally attack her yesterday.” I said casting Kylie a cold look, she kept her gaze averted.
“Most of you don’t know Lucky, and I doubt you’ll ever get the pleasure to.” I said “So I suggest you keep your hurtful comments to yourselves and don’t stick your noses where they don’t belong.” I added fiercely. I spoke to them collectively because Kylie was not the only one capable of such slander. Unfortunately I knew very well how devious and ruthless they could all be. Lucky made me promise her that I wouldn’t do or say anything, I had to lie a little. I couldn’t spare them while they so bluntly hurt her.
“Will that be a problem?” I asked, when the room remained silent I took my seat. “Lets get down to business.” I said, off the corner of my eye I thought I saw uncle Ben stifle a smile. This meeting was easier than the last one, probably because my wife was not here to distract me this time. The look she gave me when she thought I didn’t notice made the boardroom a couple of degrees warmer. At that moment I was suddenly glad she turned down the PA job offer; she was right, we’d never get any work done.
After the meeting uncle Ben and I met up in an empty office, we sipped coffee
“Will you and Lucky be heading out?” he asked, and I nodded
“To Italy, finally get a real honeymoon.” I said and he smiled.
“I must say I was proud of the way you handled them in there.” He chuckled “You’re exactly like Peter.” He added sipping. I frowned
“You knew Lucky was upset, why didn’t you tell me?” I said; uncle Ben was as bad an actor as Lucky. Though yesterday I couldn’t understand why he was acting like that, after seeing her I understood.
“She asked me not to.” He said, “You have to understand Jesse, she has to know that we’re not all like them. That she can trust at leased one of us,” he said. I nodded in understanding.
“Its one thing for them to treat me like that but they’re crossing the line by going after her now.” I said, I wasn’t going to tolerate anyone putting tears on her beautiful face, family or not.
“Well they’re bitter, you sort of rained on their parade.” He said smiling
I rose my eyebrow at him “I don’t follow you.” I stated
“They’ve been watching you and you surprised them by taking a bride.” He said. Then it dawned on me “They were hoping I wouldn’t marry.” I said; he nodded
“And produce an heir…” he said
“To take over the company from me.” I finished for him; they’ve always resented me for inheriting the company from my father. He chuckled
“They were hoping that cycle would break.” He added, I chuckled too
“Well then fate is not on their side, Lucky is pregnant.” I said, Lucky told the news to her family during the wedding reception but I wanted to tell uncle Ben personally. He smiled widely
“Well I couldn’t have planned this better myself” He said clinking his cup with mine “Congratulations nephew.” He added fervently.
I smiled; he checked his watch “I should head on home, have a good one.” He added. I stood up shaking hands with him
“Go well.” I said and he walked out. I grabbed my briefcase and followed him out.


Lucky and I landed in Milan, the next evening. Having not been here before I was just as taken by its magnificence. Lucky opened the balcony door of our suite; I laid my jacket on the large bed and followed her.
“Italian breeze feels amazing.” She said when I hugged her from behind; she touched the back of my hands when they settled on her still-flat belly.
“How far are you again?” I asked; she and I went go see a doctor; he confirmed that she was healthy and that the fetus was growing normally.
She smiled “12 weeks.” she said “The doctor said it will take longer to show since it’s my first pregnancy.”
“And you just love that don’t you.” I said and she chuckled
“I love your baby to pieces, but I’m not really looking forward to wearing maternity clothes my love.” She said. I smiled
“What? I think you’d look cute in them.” I teased and she turned around casting me a knowing look “Of course you would think so. You think I’m perfect,” she said sarcastically. I smiled
“And she finally sees the light.” I said raising my hands, she giggled
“Shut up.” She said then closed her eyes “Whoa, I’m so jetlagged.” She added.
I pushed her hair back “Are you okay?” I asked
She smiled “I’m fine, if you haven’t noticed I don’t exactly eat and sleep regularly” she said then cocked her head to the side “Is there some ice cream here?”
I chuckled “Come on, I’ll order some.” I said pulling her back into the bedroom with me. I called room service and they quickly brought her ice cream.
She and I sat on the middle of the bed and I watched her eat a spoon full of ice cream then moan “So good” she said absently.
I continued watching her intently as she closed her eyes enjoying the dessert; the act was somewhat an aphrodisiac. “I love how it just melts down my throat.” She said lightly running the spoon down her neck; I followed the gesture “Absolute heaven.” She added opening her eyes. Her gaze locked with mine, she was taken aback for a moment then her eyes sparkled with the same desire I felt. I immediately took her mouth with soft and rapturous kisses. Seemingly she forgot about her ice cream.

She and I spent a 2 weeks in Milan exploring the city to the fullest. We strolled around the city, surveying it from the Duomo Roof. She mostly loved sailing through the city’s canals and dining at some of the best Italian cuisine. I was pleased with Lucky’s curiosity with art when we saw da Vinci’s masterpieces, and visited a couple of museums. 
She also didn’t mind when I suggested we go to the San Siro Stadium for a football match. She laughed afterwards saying she could actually become a fan
I raised my eyebrow at her “Why don’t I believe you?”
She chuckled “Yeah, it’s an exciting game, and the players are not bad on the eyes.” She teased and my brows furrowed “That’s not funny.” I said. She laughed harder
“Yes it is, you should see your face.” She added.
She squealed in surprise as I picked her up and threw her over my shoulder, causing some people to stare and smile at the scene.
“Jesse put me down, everyone is staring,” She quietly hissed, she seemed oblivious to the fact that everyone stared at her everywhere she went regardless. I chuckled,
“Now that is funny.” I said and she groaned
“Okay, okay it wasn’t funny.” She said “You know you’re the most handsome man and I only have eyes for you right?” she said more sweetly. I put her down
“That’s better.” I said and she hit my arm chuckling.
We’ve been busy visiting every sight we could think of that the following day we decided to just have a picnic in the city park. She leaned against me as we talked about the baby. We agreed to have the nursery in the smaller bedroom across from ours; she didn’t want it too far from us. I didn’t notice there was someone watching us until a man approached us holding a canvas
“Ritratto di coppia felice.” Portrait for the happy couple he said smiling. Handing us a painting of Lucky and I.
“Ti stavo guardando e mi è piaciuto quello che ho visto” He said “ Sono un aspirante artista.” He added.
“What is he saying?” Lucky asked ogling at the painting,
“He says he’s an inspiring artist, and that he was watching us and liked what he saw.” I said. I turned my gaze to the kind man “Grazie e ‘molto carino da parte tua.” Thank you that’s very sweet of you I said. I reached for my wallet
He shook his head “Questo non è necessario, tu sei americano?” That’s not necessary, are you American? He asked.
I nodded “Si, siamo in luna di miele.” Yes, we’re on our honeymoon I replied
He smiled “Congratulazioni, godono Italia.” Congratulations, enjoy Italy He said.
“Grazie.” I said smiling; he ducked his head and walked away.
Lucky looked at me “I really wish I spoke Italian. He seems nice.” She said and I nodded “And he’s really good, wow.” She added looking at the painting again.
“Yes, he even got that smile correct.” I said looking at it too. She grinned
“How long have we been here?” she asked, I checked my watch
“3 hours.” I said, not realizing that so much time had lapsed. 
“Well no wonder he had time to paint us.” She said chuckling.
“Lets go pack.” I said and her eyebrows shot up “I wanted us to cruise the Mediterranean,” I added and her face lit up.
We went back to our hotel and did just that, what I didn’t tell her is that I’ve been secretly planning this departure all week.
The next morning we travelled to Venice to board the luxury ship, it just as enormous as the one we saw in Bermuda. Our cruise attendant led us to our suite and off loaded our luggage. I tipped him and he left
I surveyed my surroundings as I waited for Lucky to freshen up, I asked them to book me the best suite in the ship, they didn’t disappoint.
I opened the glass door to the private balcony, the ship was still in Venice and it was due to depart in the evening. 
“Wow, you really went overboard with this.” Lucky’s voice came up behind me
“Well only the finest for Mrs. Gilbert…” I said turning around only to halt at the sight of her. She was wearing a black and lavender dress; it hugged and insinuated her smooth curves. It wasn’t short but enough to show off her glorious legs, which where elongated by the black high heels she wore. As usual her stunning face didn’t need make up, and I was glad to see her dark tresses flowing around her shoulders. Sometimes I had to blink twice, someone so beautiful couldn’t possibly be real.
“Only the finest for Mr. Gilbert.” She said, coly smoothening her outfit. I sighed walking towards her,
“Wow, I love my life.” I said and she chuckled “You look ravishing love.” I added kissing her.




















10. Honeymoon

Lucky POV

I held onto the collar of Jesse’s white shirt as he kissed me, then my forehead. He let me go and I went to the balcony he just came from. I leaned into him as he came up from behind me; I felt his fingers play with my hair.
The view of the port and Venice from this height was lovely I was right about him going overboard. Though it was indeed beautiful.
“Where is the ship headed?” I asked, he didn’t share much details about this trip everything has been a surprise.
“Barcelona, Spain.” He said, “Though it’s going to stop at the Balearic Islands, that’s going to me fun.” He added.
“Hmm, for how long?” I asked, “Ten Days.” He replied and I nodded.
“Are there more surprises after that?” I asked and he chuckled
“Not that I can think of now.” He said, “We’ll fly home when we get to Barcelona”
I nodded satisfied; I felt his hand caress my neck and shoulder
“Think of it this way, this is the last vacation we’ll have just the 2 of us.” He said “I doubt you’ll want to go anywhere without the kids.” He added.
I cocked my head to the side, I’ve never thought about that, but he was indeed right. I wouldn’t feel comfortable being so far away from my kids.
“You’re right, I wouldn’t.” I said, and then something hit me “Are you afraid we wont be the same afterwards? We’d get boring?” I asked. I’ve heard stories about marriages that turn mundane due to lack of time with each other and children. There was no doubt that I’d always be crazy about Jesse, but would he still want me the same way 10 years from now?
His deep chuckle brought me out of my thoughts. “Don’t be ridiculous.” He said “We wouldn’t get bored with each other even if we tried.” He added. I felt his lips make a hot trail down my neck and his hand moved down the side of my waist and hip. His other arm went around my abdomen pinning me against his warm hard body; I shivered and sighed. He tilted my head to his side and he kissed me without turning me around. The position of the kiss was extremely arousing; my hand went back, into his black hair and I held his head onto me. I involuntarily moaned, at the raw and unforgiving need for him, the need for his kisses, for his touch…
“See, that does not just fade away.” He said huskily his lips brushing against my earlobe. “And you know how make a point.” I whispered caressing his muscular arm in a way that bluntly indicated that I wanted him to touch me. He chuckled uneasily “The things you do to my body should be illegal little one.” He whispered. I could swear he was talking about me rather than himself. He groaned then he released me; I turned around to look at him “I really don’t want to ruin the masterpiece you’ve created.” He gestured towards my outfit. I smiled as he took my hand,
“Rather we go explore this ship.” He said. In some moments it would seem as though Jesse was getting better at keeping his hands off me. But when he would inexplicably ravish me, that sentiment was proven wrong.
He took me almost every night, was he holding back for me? What he didn’t fully understand is that I savored every minute; if it were up to me that is all we’d do all day. I grabbed the back of his neck and kissed him fervently
“Jesse.” I whispered, “I love your lovemaking, it’s all I think about.” I added. He grinned grabbing my waist “Oh you asked for it.” He said lifting me up, I giggled as he carried me to the bed.


I sat in the balcony watching the sunrise above the endless blue ocean. It’s been five days since we boarded the ship in Venice and it was due to arrive in Ibiza this afternoon. Embarking on this cruise has been exciting and grand.
Every detail of the ship and our suite screamed luxury, which is something I doubt I’ll ever grow accustom to. The dining, the top-class entertainment, the white-glove service, even the bathrobes and towels were of expensive quality, with the ship’s name embroidered into them.
I was not used to such super-glitzy and glamorous things, but I at leased tried to. I couldn’t keep up my small town girl mannerism anymore; I married one of the wealthiest men on the planet. Being Jesse’s wife meant I had to act and present myself a certain way. He would never ask that of me but it was to be expected by everyone else, I did so I would at leased look like I was in his league. A small price I have to pay I guess, I grinned to myself. He was born and bred into this lifestyle, I wasn’t. I could change the way I carried myself and the brand of clothing I wore; but one thing that would never change is who I ‘am. I’d like to think that’s whom Jesse fell in love with.
I got off the seat and went back into the bedroom; I leaned against the bed canopy watching my sleeping husband.
He was always up before me; ready to conquer the world. So I savored the few moments when I could watch him sleep.
I never thought it was possible to love someone as much as I love him. I haven’t done enough good in my life to deserve you little one he once said to me. He was adamant that he was this despicable person who didn’t deserve love and happiness. Regardless of what he did or who he was in past, to me just him breathing the world was a better place. Other people might not see it, hell even he might not see it. But underneath his striking and hardened exterior, the fame and fortune was a real and beautiful human being. I see that human being whenever he lets himself be vulnerable, whenever he holds me, whenever he smiles and laughs. I would be anything, do anything for that person.
“Stop looking at me.” he suddenly said, his eyes still closed
I stifled a laugh “Oh please, you do it all the time.” I said, for reasons that are beyond me I thought. He opened his eyes and his blue gaze centered on me then he grinned, “Come here.” He said throatily. I tried to ignore the magnetic pull that overcame me. I swear Jesse could make me do anything he wants just by the sheer power of his will.
“Oh no, if I get in there, we’ll miss breakfast with the Whitely’s” I reminded him. Gina and Blake Whitely were a nice couple we met on board a few days ago, they invited us to have breakfast with them.
He frowned “Do we really have to?” he asked, I sat on the edge of the bed
“Yes, it would be rude not to show up.” I said, “I thought you liked them too.”
“I do.” He said then he grabbed my waist pulling me down with him “But I’d rather have breakfast in bed.” He added. I chuckled freeing myself off his grasp
“I don’t think so mister. Get up.” I said kissing his cheek. I got up and went to the bathroom avoiding his groan of disapproval.
We met up with the Whitelys at one of the fancy restaurants; they were nice and easy to talk to. They had an air of importance about them but they kept the conversation light and fun, which is what I liked about them. We bid farewell to them when they explained that they were getting off the cruise in Ibiza.
“That’s actually the prince of Monaco and his wife.” He said, when they were gone. I stared at him with wide eyes “Why didn’t you tell me?” I asked.
He shrugged “Would it have made a difference?” he asked
“Not really.” I said still shocked. What surprised me the most were their down to earth demeanors, you’d never guess they’re royalty. “And you wanted to ditch them for a tumble in bed.” I added shaking my head. He grinned,
“Well if it’s a really good tumble then yes.” He said quickly. I sighed
“What am I ever going to do with this man?” I said, he laughed kissing my nape
“I have a few ideas.” He whispered, his lips at my ear softly nibbling. I shivered, scolding my own response to him.
“Behave, we’re in public.” I said trying to sound stern and he laughed harder but pulled away.
A waitress replaced our waiter; and she got a little too flirtatious with Jesse. She was pretty and obviously used to using that to her advantage, but really now. You’d think she’ll have some sense of restraint, didn’t she see the ring on his finger, or me for that matter?
Jesse put his hand on my thigh reassuringly “Just avoid her.” he said when she left. “That’s a little hard since she keeps batting her lashes at you right in front of me.” I said frowning. He chuckled kissing my forehead,
I wanted to laugh it off with him, I didn’t want it to bother me so much but it did. Women constantly made eyes at Jesse everywhere we went, some more bluntly than others. I understood to an extent Jesse was a very, very handsome man, but it still annoyed me. That was another thing I was trying to get used to but it wasn’t working out for me.
“You want to go?” he asked and I nodded “Yeah, I’ll happily agree to ditching her.” I said and he stifled a smile. He took the bill and we got up and left.


When the ship reached the port we got off, excited about exploring Ibiza. We met up with an exclusive tour guide; he took us sightseeing of the lands and beaches. What I loved most was its monuments, historical culture and art. When the tour was over Jesse and I remained at the beach, the sun was beginning to set.
“Shouldn’t we be heading back?” I asked
“The ship will depart in the morning.” He said “Besides what’s the point of coming to Ibiza if you don’t party.” He added with a smile.
I laughed “Seriously? You want to go clubbing?” I asked,
“It would be fun.” He replied. Jesse was never one to suggest such an activity; he enjoyed quiet luxuries, though it was an interesting thought. I wasn’t much of a club goer either. 
“We’re not exactly dressed for the occasion.” I pointed out; both our appearances were much too casual. He thought for a moment then he stood up bringing me with him, we went over to our rented car and he spoke to the driver in Spanish I guessed. “Where are we going?” I asked.
“You’ll see.” He said, and indeed I did when the car stopped outside of a boutique.
“Come on.” He said when I refused to move, he sighed “We can’t exactly go back to the ship and change, so this will have to do for now.”
I was being irrationally difficult I knew that, I groaned inwardly but went into the store with him. I settled for a plunging back silver sequined cocktail dress, and black ankle boots. I came out of the dressing room and Jesse smiled in approval. The sales lady smiled and handed him his outfit then left, he came out wearing a black round neck t-shirt with a pair of jeans and a black leather jacket. He looked as yummy as ever, I smacked his bottom and he jerked taken aback then he chuckled incredulously.
“You didn’t just do that.” He said shaking his head and I laughed
“I did, and I loved it.” I chimed biting my lower lip “I’ll slap that ass however I like, it is mine.” I added loving the power that statement gave me. He raised his eyebrow at me then he grabbed my waist pulling me to him in a not so gentle manner. I gasped at the abrupt motion,
“Thank you for stripping me off my manhood little one.” He teased though his voice was thick with desire. He once mentioned that it excited him when I acted bad or challenged him. I wrapped my arms around his neck
“I could never do that even if it was possible.” I whispered; Jesse was the epitome of masculinity. He smirked “And don’t you forget it.” He added brushing his lips to mine; I suddenly felt his hand grab my bottom greedily.
“Jesse.” I quietly scolded and he let out a devilish chuckle at my ear
“I’ll grab that ass however I like, it is mine.” He threw my own words back at me. I chuckled shaking my head at him but he let me go. He must’ve heard the sales lady coming back because she appeared seconds later.
When we came out of the store we drove to one of the clubs Ibiza was crawling in. The club was packed as we walked in, the crazy lights and booming music bringing the whole place to life.
We went to the second floor of the nightclub, it was less crowed; I guessed it was the VIP section. We sat at an empty booth for a while, chatting and flirting with each other as though we just met. Our relationship got too intense quickly, not that I minded, its what made us, us. It was nice to just forget all the heavy stuff for one night. I got up and went to the dance floor; I motioned with my finger for him to join me. We danced for a long time, why did the act feel so erotic?
I was starting to think he and I should stay clear of nightclubs. We left past midnight, when we got back to our suite we immediately made love. It was more hurried and as passionate as ever. We’ve been teasing and taunting each other all day, we both needed to let out some sexual tension.














11. Impression

Lucky POV

As fun and unforgettable as our cruise was, I was excited when we arrived in Barcelona. I missed home; there was no place like it for me. We climbed in a cab and it drove to the airport. We walked into Jesse’s jet and I relaxed on the leather recliner next to him…
I suddenly woke up in the forest, disorientated I looked around and I was all alone. It was freezing so I wrapped my arms around myself, I jerked up at a strange sound behind me. I looked around frantically
“Hello? Is anybody there?” I asked in panic then I saw a figure I recognized from afar.
“Jesse.” I breathed relieved and feeling safe. I started walking towards him then halted at his expression. It was as if I was a mere stranger to him, his head cocked to the side as he watched me with a cool indifference that sent a cold shiver down my spine.
“Jesse, its me Lucky.” I called out to him but he showed no sign of recognizing me. Much to my horror he turned around and began walking away.
“Wait! Don’t leave me here.” I called after him “Jesse!” I started running after him. I ran as fast as I could but I still couldn’t reach him even though he walked at a normal pace not looking back. The cold air burned my lungs and the ferns and wild plants hitting against me as I pushed passed them. I tripped on a tree root and fell down scrapping my arms and hands; I looked up in time to see Jesse disappear into nothingness…
“Lucky!” I felt someone gently shake me “Lucky, wake up” my eyes flashed open with a gasp. I met Jesse’s worried gaze; I let out a whimper. He held me in a bear hug “Its okay Lucky, you’re safe.” He soothed “Its just a bad dream.” He added.
I clung to him for dear life “Please don’t leave me Jesse.” I said burying my face in his neck. He let out a strained chuckle
“I’m not going anywhere little one.” He said, he paused giving me a chance to calm down “Want to tell me about it?” he asked, tenderly moving my hair out of my face. I shook my head; looking over his shoulder and out the window, it was dark outside.
“Is there anything I can get you?” The male flight attendant asked
“Ice tea please” Jesse replied without looking up from me. He knew me well; ice tea always did the trick in calming my nerves. I pulled away from him
“I need to go to the bathroom.” I said when he didn’t let me go. He gave me a ‘are you sick’ look and I shook my head standing up.
I retreated into the well-sized restroom to gather myself; I tried to hold back tears for Jesse’s sake. Seeing me cry upsets him a lot, even if it was irrational which in this case it was. I splashed some cold water on my face; it’s just a stupid nightmare I told myself on the mirror. Though in my book I would gladly have a nightmare where I’m attacked by zombies instead of this one.
I couldn’t put any significance or meaning to every dream I had or I’ll go crazy. Even though a select few of them have had an uncanny resemblance to real life occurrences in the past.
I walked back out “Are you okay?” Jesse asked handing me the cold beverage
“Yeah.” I said truthfully sitting back down.
Soon enough we landed, and I felt even better as the familiar LA breeze hit me. I was happy to see Jeffery waiting for us; I hugged him as he greeted us. I’ve formed a special bond with each and every one of Jesse’s employees. That was easy since they all treated me with kindness and respect from the very beginning. We got back to the estate; it seemed different now that it wasn’t covered in flowers and decorations like we left it a month ago.
Angie squeaked when she walked into the living room to find us there, she and I embraced in a tight hug. I missed her crazy and carefree nature.
“Oh my God, Europe has been good to you, you’re glowing.” She said touching my hair. I chuckled rolling my eyes; more like Jesse has been good to me I thought watching him help Jeffrey take our luggage upstairs.
She grabbed my hand sitting me down on the sofa “I want details girl, how was it?” she asked.
“Can I take a rein check on that Angie, I’m really tired.” I said running my hand on my stiff neck. She slightly frowned but nodded.
“I thought I heard a familiar voice.” Maria said coming down the stairs. I smiled and got up to hug her too.

                                                                  *    *    *

Over the next couple of months, everything went back to normal. The only difference now was that we were a married couple expecting their first child. Fortunately Jesse didn’t dispute me working during that time, but that wasn’t the case when my baby bump started to show. The media scrutiny intensified also, as if my pregnancy was vital information to millions of people.
Another one of our compromises was that if I wasn’t with Jesse, I couldn’t go anywhere without a bodyguard. It was hard agreeing to that but Jesse can be very persuasive, though I only agreed to have one I refused any more.
Like we agreed we redecorate and repainted the small bedroom across from ours. Jesse and I wanted to find out the sex of the baby when it was born, so we decorated the room with neutral colors. Working on the nursery with Jesse was a wonderful experience, even when he decided to paint me instead of the wall.
Now eight months and pregnant, I couldn’t be happier and excited. I’ve read and heard different experiences of pregnancy, but experiencing it myself was an indescribable thing. Sometimes it would hit me; I was growing a little human, a little Jesse inside of me that was a miracle to me.
I sat on the rocking chair in the nursery, loving the relaxing back and forth motion. I gently rubbed my protruding belly, talking to my little boy. I had a silly hope that somehow he can hear my voice and understand just how much his father and I loved him.
I looked up to see Jesse leaning against the doorway with his heartbreakingly gorgeous smile. He was still wearing his suit without the jacket, his tie was loosened and his sleeves rolled up. Devastatingly handsome as usual;
I smiled back “Hi.” I said and he walked towards me “How was work?”
“Good, but not as good as coming home to such a beautiful sight.” He said. He crouched down in front of me.
“He or she is very fortuitous to have you for a mother.” He added fervently. I smiled stroking the side of his face.
“He.” I corrected and Jesse chuckled
“You’re still adamant it’s a boy?” he asked and I nodded stubbornly. He playfully rose an eyebrow “And if it’s a girl?” he asked just as I felt the baby kick again.
“Whoa, you’re a kicker aren’t you?” I said quietly. Jesse’s eyes grew concerned
“Are you okay?” he asked and I chuckled nodding. I took his hand and placed it on my belly “Feel him kick, that’s a boy for sure.” I said.
Jesse smiled as he kicked again, sometimes he’d keep me awake at night with his kicking. Jesse nodded satisfied; he once mentioned he’d like for it to be a girl but I knew every father wanted a son.
“But to answer your question, I would be happy either way just as long as it’s healthy.” I said and he kissed me.
“Well have you thought about names?” he asked and I paused
“Hmm I was thinking if it’s a boy JT, Jesse Tyler.” I said and he smiled
“You want to name him after my initials? He said then he chuckled “He’s going to love that name when he reaches his teens” he added.
I laughed, “True, but I like it” then I checked with him and he nodded
“And if it’s a girl…” I said,
“Katelyn.” He said after a pause and I smiled
“I like it, Kate was my grandmother’s middle name.” I said “And her middle name?” I asked and he smiled
“Melanie, you know from Melissa.” He said. “Aw, I love it.” I said, “Did you like think these names through?” I asked and he laughed
“No actually, they just popped up right now.” He said and I cupped his face
“Huh, you have a gift.” I said kissing him.

I woke up to find Jesse walking out of the closet already dressed for work
“Morning love, sleep well?” he asked and I nodded shifting,
“The baby didn’t kick much last night, he behaved.” I said and Jesse chuckled.
“I’m sorry I can’t see Pearl with you today, I’ve got an urgent meeting.” He said sitting on the edge of the bed; I shook my head.
“Its okay, I’ll be fine.” I said, he smiled then leaned down to kiss my forehead then my belly, which had been a routine for the past month. To watch a man of his stature being domestic was been an earthshaking experience. He was probably enjoying my pregnancy more than me; I smiled. 
“I’m already sharing your attention and he’s not even born yet.” I teased when he stood up; he chuckled.
“You’re too beautiful to be greedy little one.” He said grabbing his jacket; I laughed, “I love you.” He added.
I grinned, “I love you too.” I said and watched him walk out.
Pearl was my instructor for breathing exercises I started taking a month prior; I heard it helped deal with the stress of birth. And if I didn’t get up I was going to be late for my personal appointment. I sighed and got up, after a long shower I opened up the massive closet. As usual Ally and Mandy were ahead of me, doing the maternity shopping for me in advance. They claimed that their version of maternity fashion was much more extraordinary. I had to give it to them, they’re right. I got dressed and went out of the bedroom.






12. Unexpected

Jesse POV

I walked out of the boardroom, and Joanne followed me back to my office. Joanne was my replacement PA; she was a sweet and hardworking woman. What I liked the most is that she genuinely loved her job, and was committed to it not just because of the money or me. She was about 7 years older than me, with her lite brown eyes and hair she reminded a lot of Maria when I was younger.
She and I went over spreadsheets and documents uncle Ben sent me a week ago. Giving her instructions and she quickly took them down. Afterwards she went back to her own small office opposite from mine.
I leaned back on my chair and my gaze shifted to the photo of Lucky on my desk, it always put a smile on my face. She was not just the love of my life; she was now soon to be the mother of my child too. My chest swelled with pride and happiness at all she’s brought to my life. She’s everything I ever wanted and needed.
My gaze shifted to the wall at portrait the kind Italian man gave us on our honeymoon. I chuckled inwardly remembering the shocked and fascinated look on her face. I’d missed her appointment with Pearl last week, and I always tried to accompany her whenever I could. I shook my head, willing myself to push her out of my mind and work. I was going to have to lessen some workload if I was planning on going with her tomorrow.
Just then my phone rang; I pulled it out,
“Gilbert.” I answered, “Hey Jesse, its Carmen.”
Taken aback, I sat back on my chair. Carmen and Lucky were close and we got along but she hardly ever made a social call.
“Hello Carmen, what can I do for you?” I said pleasantly
“Stop whatever you’re doing.” She said uneasily “Lucky has gone into labor.” She added and I froze.
“What?” she wasn’t supposed to be due for another two weeks “Where is she now?” I asked, beginning to close my files and laptop.
“I’m with her, we’re almost at the hospital.” She said and just then I heard Lucky in the background.
“I’m on my way.” I said, getting up “Joanne!” I called out and she came in running.
“Clear my schedule for the rest of the day, Lucky is in labor.” I said grabbing my keys. Her eyebrows shot up “Of course.” She said then quickly grabbed my jacket off the couch and tossed it to me.
I spared her a thank you smile and I rushed out.

I was pretty sure I broke a couple of speeding laws as I tore through the streets of LA. My car screeched to a halt and I flew into the hospital’s main entrance, she and I came here a couple of times to consult with our doctor. I stopped in front of a receptionist who didn’t look up as I approached.
“Lucky Gilbert, where is she?” I asked quickly, she chewed her gum lazily
“What’s your relationship to her?” she asked then she looked up and froze.
“Oh! I’m sorry Mr. Gilbert.” She said then she began typing on her computer “She’s on the 9th floor, ward 12.” She added.
I nodded and moved towards the elevators, when I got there I found Carmen in the waiting area.
“Hey, how is she?” I asked and she grimaced
“She’s hanging in there.” She said, “She’s asking for you.” She added. I walked towards the delivery room only to be stopped by a nurse
“Sorry Mr. Gilbert but you’re going to have to put this on first.” She said handing me a hospital robe. I cursed under my breath and shrugged out of my jacket and into the garment. I walked in to find two other nurses and our doctor in front of Lucky. She was lying on the bed panting with perspiration clear on her forehead, her gaze met mine and it lit up a little.
I went over to her side holding her hand “Hey love, how are you?” I asked hoping to distract her from any pain she might be feeling.
She grimaced “I’ve been better.” She said continuing her breathing process
A nurse smiled and gave me a cloth and I used it to wipe her forehead.
“It’s a good thing you’re here, she’s beginning to relax.” She added quietly to me.
Just then she squeezed my hand and let out an ear-splitting scream, I stroked her hair comfortingly and looked at Dr. Lehn.
“Isn’t there anything you can give her for the pain?” I asked uneasily
“We’re doing everything we can without harming the baby Mr. Gilbert.” He said calmly “These contractions are normal and this process takes some time.”
I cursed inwardly and turned to Lucky, giving her words of encouragement and comfort. I sat by her as she continued to scream every now and then for 30 minutes. When she started doing it more frequently the doctor asked for more towels and the nurses handed them to him.
“The baby is coming.” Lucky said then screamed again
“Hey, hey love look at me.” I said, “You can do this, breathe. I’m right here.”
She did what I said as the doctor told her to push, she squeezed my hand tight every time she did.
“One more push, Lucky” He said and she screamed it and slumped back to the bed. A cry from the baby brought a breathless chuckle from her.
“It’s a boy.” He added with a smile at our direction, and then handed the bundle to the nurse. I kissed Lucky’s forehead, as she smiled completely elated
“Give him to me.” she said and the nurse complied, she gasped as she cradled him.
We both ogled at him as he opened his blue eyes and mouth to reveal toothless gums, most of all he was as beautiful as he was tiny. Lucky gave him to me and I smiled and gently kissed his tender cheek.
“Little JT.” Lucky said then smiled at me “I told you so,” she added to me and I chuckled “You did.” I said kissing her cheek.
We gave JT back to the nurse, and the doctor asked to see me outside
“Get Carmen in here.” She told me when I stood up; I nodded and kissed her forehead. I took off the hospital gown and stepped outside with Dr. Lehn. Carmen stood up walking towards us; I smiled at her.
“It’s a boy.” I said to her and she smiled and chuckled “She’s wants you.”
She went into the room and I turned to face the doctor suddenly feeling anxious.
He smiled and put his hands up “Don’t worry Mr. Gilbert, she and the baby are okay.” He said and I breathed out relieved.
“She wasn’t due for another two weeks, I thought there might be some complications.” I said and he nodded
“True, but the baby was fully developed and its normal that it comes earlier than the predicted time.” He said and I nodded.
“Will I be able to take her home?” I asked
“We’ll keep her and the baby here overnight, just to monitor both of them but rest assured everything is alright.” He said.
“Thank you doctor.” I said and he nodded shaking my hand
“Its my pleasure, congratulations.” He said then he walked away.
I decided to give her and Carmen some time together so I went and completed the necessary paperwork. I called back home to let them know Lucky and the baby are okay; they could all barely contained their excitement as they all took turns talking to me. I went back to Lucky’s private ward and found Carmen sitting outside sipping coffee.
“She’s sleeping.” She said and I sat down beside her, she handed me a cup “I thought might need this.” She added. I smiled at her
“Thanks.” I said then sipped the contents.
“You’re not going to leave are you?” she asked knowingly,
I shook my head “Where else am I going to go?” I said, Lucky and my child where my only home. She nodded in understanding
“She’s over the moon.” She said, “She got her bouncing baby boy.” She added chuckling, I chuckled too “And I’m happy that she is.” I added.
“Well then cheers to JT.” She said and we clinked cups “Congratulations.” She added and I smiled a thank you to her.
She stood up “I should get going, if she wakes up tell her I’ll be back first thing in the morning.” She said and I nodded.
“I will.” I said, “Thank you.” I added fervently, Lucky was not the only one who considered her a friend. She nodded with a half smile then walked away.
I went inside the room closing the door gently behind me; it’s only then that I noticed the spaciousness and comfort of the room. I smiled inwardly; sometimes being influential had its perks. They gave us the best of everything, even when we didn’t ask for it. I grabbed a chair and sat next to Lucky, looking at her sleeping form. I held her soft hand and kissed it
“I love you little one,” I whispered, hoping that somehow her subconscious heard me. She wasn’t the only one who was over the moon; I was a father to someone. That’s something I never thought I would ever get to experience, she gave that to me and so much more.










13. Unity

Lucky POV

I slowly opened my eyes and shifted to my other side, wincing a little at the soreness. The only feeling that was more potent than the discomfort was the realization that my little boy was finally born. I smiled as I noticed that Jesse stayed with me, he was still wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday. I sighed, trust him not to go home and sleep properly.
He was still sleeping with his arms crossed under his head on my bedside, I glanced at the clock and it was 7 am. He shifted so I reached over and ran my hand through his black hair and down the side of his face.
He slowly opened his eyes and smiled kissing the inside of my palm
“Hi, how are you feeling?” he asked sitting up. I smiled back
“I should be asking you that question.” I said slightly frowning “Why didn’t you go home?” I asked and he shrugged
“And leave you here?” He said as though it was impossible to do so “Besides, I wouldn’t fall asleep if you weren’t with me.” he added.
I always found it hard to sleep without Jesse; I never realized it was the same for him too.
“Carmen said to tell you she’d come back I think any minute now.” He added.
I nodded, smiling remembering her face when I teased her about being an aunt.
20 minutes later she knocked on the door “Speak of the devil.” I said as she smiled walking in. Jesse turned to me
“I’m going to get some coffee, you want anything?” he asked and I shook my head. He gave my hand a squeeze then he walked out closing the door behind him. Carmen replaced him beside me chuckling
“You look terrible.” She teased and I frowned
“Jesus and you tell me now after my husband just left.” I said, and he was his handsome self despite having spent all night here. She laughed.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure he’ll still think you’re beautiful with poop in your hair.” She teased and I laughed too.
“I stopped by at the estate for some fresh clothes.” She said gesturing to the duffle bag she brought with her. I smiled
“I love you, you’re a lifesaver.” I said and she shrugged
“Nah what are friends for,” She said. Just then a nurse came in and laid a stray of breakfast on the table next to me, I smiled at her and thank her. I turned my attention back to Carmen; ever since I came back from my honeymoon she hasn’t been herself. I could see that she had something on her mind she wasn’t telling me about, knowing how she hated meddling I gave her some time. But I couldn’t keep stalling any longer
“You want to tell me what’s eating you up?” I said and she was taken aback for moment then she grimaced.
“Bravo, I’m surprised it took you this long to ask. Were you like physically restraining yourself?” she asked knowingly and I smiled a little.
“It felt that way, what’s going on?” I asked and she averted her gaze. I was shocked by the look on her face; it was of uncertainty and the only kind that can be caused by a man.
“My God, this is about Kevin, isn’t it?’ I asked, “What happened with him? I thought he left after the wedding.” She looked at me then.
“Not before I slept with him.” She said and my eyebrows shot up “I don’t know, after you guys left we started chatting and dancing. He offered to take me home and next thing I knew we were dragging each other to my bedroom.” She added.
“Wow.” That’s all I could say at that moment,
“And it was so amazing.” She said with a grin and I chuckled knowingly remembering my first time with Jesse. When we both sobered up she looked at me “When I woke up he was gone, no note, no phone call. There wasn’t even a single indication that he was even there to begin with.” She said then she shook her head sadly.
“I mean that was the plan right? But what I didn’t understand is why I felt so disappointed.” She added.
She looked down and a smile tugged on the corners of her lips “Come on, you can dish out the ‘I told you so’.” She said and I shook my head
“You know me better than that my friend.” I said and she nodded sighing.
“Now I just can’t get him out of my head, it’s driving me crazy.” She said rubbing her forehead “Now he’s out there somewhere in the world and he probably forgot I even exist.” She added monotonously.
“I feel for you Carmen.” I said sighing inwardly; I could see this hurt her more than she led on.
“You’ve been here before right? What should I do, bleach my brain?” she asked
“I wish I could tell you what to do to make you feel better, but our scenarios are slightly different.” I said, “With you and him its physical distance, with me and Jesse it was emotional. I was insecure so I used the physical closeness as a remedy, an extent of reassurance that he still wanted me.” I said.
“The sickest part is that I’m not even sure I want to be involved with him.” She said and I grimaced biting my tongue “Give it to me straight.” She added.
I sighed “You do, you wouldn’t be thinking about him if you didn’t.” I said, and then regretted opening my mouth when she flinched.
She gave me a smile trying to ease my guilt “But the biggest mistake I did was drawing the wrong conclusion about Jesse’s feelings.” I said, “All I’m saying is don’t be so sure he forgot you exist, he might be out there thinking about you too.” I added. Kevin wasn’t Jesse but I knew that doubt could lead to serious self-sabotage.
She chuckled without humor “Yeah well I doubt he and I will be getting married and having a child soon.” She said, don’t be so sure I thought.
“Things have a way of working themselves out Carmen, I know that’s cliché crap but they do.” I said and she smiled a little. The comfort was short-lived and I really wished I could do more. I wanted her to be happy as well.
She gave me a hug and thanked me, claiming she felt better. I didn’t buy it but I let it go nonetheless.

When Jesse came back I had already dressed, He and Carmen chattered for a while, as I got ready. I ran a brush through my unruly hair. Carmen said goodbye promising to call me, I hugged her thanking her again. I was happy that I was getting discharged but more so because I got to take JT home with me. After Carmen left Jesse kissed me senseless, ah his kisses always made me feel weak in the knees. 
Dr. Lehn came in and spoke to us for a while then we thanked him. Jesse held my hand and led me out of the room towards the dispensary. I couldn’t help but laugh then, remembering the look in his eyes as the doctor told us to stay clear from sex for 2 weeks. Fortunately I was able to keep a straight face in my ward.
“I was wondering when that was going to come.” He said chuckling
I wrapped my arm around his waist “Well if its any consolation I will be thinking about…” I whispered some of the erotic fantasies I had of us “…all the time.” I said and he let out an audible curse. I laughed harder then hugged him
“I’m sorry.” I said between giggles “I know that was unfair, I’m sorry.”
He gave me a scowl but it was softened when he smiled in spite of himself.
The woman behind the counter gave me the painkillers and muscle relaxants the doctor prescribed for me.
“Are you ready to go milady?” he said with a pretty good British accent
“Of course my lord.” I replied curtseying. I loved Jesse and I like this; deliriously happy and it was because of one reason “Where’s our son?” I asked.
He smiled taking my hand and leading me to the large hospital nursery room. It had large glass window displaying probably a dozen babies sleeping in their separate cots. Dr. Lehn wanted to keep JT in there for observation but he reassured me he’s fine. I appreciated his efforts to be absolutely sure.
I gripped the wooden railing as my gaze immediately locked on JT almost instinctively. Jesse hugged me from behind resting his chin on my shoulder
“He’s beautiful.” I breathed, “He has your eyes.” I added, remembering was it felt like when he looked up at me for the first time. Just then the nurse watching them smiled up at us and picked up him as we made our way to her.
She came out of the room cradling JT and gave him to me; he was sleeping.
“Aw he’s lovely.” She said removing the hospital name band on his wrist “Congratulations.” She added.
“Thank you.” Jesse said and I was thankful for him because I couldn’t look away from the bundle of joy in my arms. Jesse kissed his forehead and we headed down to the first floor of the hospital.
I was surprised when Jesse led me down some stairs to the in building parking lot “Carmen said the paparazzi were camped outside, she moved the car for us down here so we can get away undetected.” He said quietly.
“But this parking is for staff only.” I pointed out and he smiled
“True, but they were willing to make exceptions due to the circumstances.” He added, so that’s what they were chatting about.
Jesse’s black Maybach came into view and I sighed inwardly. He’d recently bought it using the excuse that it’s a family friendly car. He was right to an extent because I couldn’t see the kids riding in one of his sports cars. You’d think he’d buy a normal sedan but no, he had to go for the most luxurious one. And when the kids get ice cream all over the leather seats? I once said to him, in a feeble attempt to scare his brains out with possible instances. Jesse loved his cars, but in this case he was completely unfazed. I glanced at the baby carrycot he had installed in the back, and I couldn’t help but smile. He opened the front passenger door for me and I got in. We drove home and I made a mental note to thank Carmen for her brilliant idea. JT was barely 2 days old; he wasn’t ready to face the flashing cameras. Except for Angie’s camera.
When we got home, everyone welcomed us back and started ogling JT. He woke up with a cry and Jesse cradled and played with him until he stopped. It was mind-boggling how much of a natural Jesse was with him. I’d seen that side to him with Justin back home, but seeing him now with his own son was a lovely sight.
“Aw he’s so cute.” Angie said touching his cheek “Okay you guys just one more please.” She pleaded and Jesse stood next to me, we smiled and she took hopefully the last picture of us. 
We took JT to his nursery; Jesse sat on the other chair watching me cradle him when he cried again. I stood up from my rocking chair,
“I’m sure he’s hungry.” I said sure of it. Jesse nodded then I watched his eyes darken as they shamelessly fixated on my breasts.
“Shame on you.” I quietly scolded “Having such dirty thoughts in your son’s presence.” I added and he chuckled. It didn’t take a mind reader to decode what he was thinking by that look. And I silently chastised my body for reacting to his lust like it always did.
“Give me a break here love, I can’t help it if…they’re noticeably fuller.” He said glancing at them again. I never noticed until now but he was right. I chuckled, I’m sure he’d give anything to touch them but we both knew were that would end up.
“You’re going to go crazy before a week has lapsed.” I teased and he chuckled too “I know.” He admitted then he sobered up “I promise I’ll behave…I just want to watch.” He said and there was no trace of lust in his eyes anymore. Just quiet wonder and intrigue. I nodded and sat back down on my chair,
He wanted to witness his wife breastfeed his son. Who was I to deny him? Somehow having Jesse watch made the moment more intimate and raw, more special. Surprisingly he kept his intense gaze on me; I don’t know what he saw in my eyes that held his unyielding attention.


                                                                 *       *      *






















14. Encounter

Jesse POV

3 years later…

I parked my M-Class outside of a restaurant, I wasn’t much a fan of an SUV but JT had a different idea. I had no interest in keeping my Porsche any longer besides I wanted another family sized car. Daddy I want that one he said pointing at the Mercedes when I went to my dealership with him.
He was an energized little chimp, forever climbing on top of everything; Lucky and I had our hands full. I smiled inwardly. He was also very bright; he began walking and talking in full sentences earlier than we could’ve anticipated.
We walked in and the usher led us to our table
“Mommy, can I have the sundae now?” he asked with puppy dog eyes. Lucky chuckled opening the menu “Now you now the rules my boy, you eat your meal first.” She said and he pouted.
“I’m glad I decided to tag along, you probably would’ve gave it to him.” She said to me and I chuckled. “Well I don’t see the harm in giving him his dessert first for once love.” I said and she laughed shaking her head.
“You spoil him too much.” She said “You might be able to handle him when he’s on sugar, I can’t.” she added.
The waiter came and took our order, after the meal and desserts Lucky excused herself to the restroom. I was taking the bill when a familiar face walked into the restaurant then towards us. Irina Adriano, someone who I haven’t seen in years, and hoped never to see again. She’s a model I met when I took a mission with Kevin in Spain in what seemed like a decade ago.
I cursed inwardly when she stopped in front of JT and I, flashing me a brilliant smile. “Jesse, su pasado demasiado tiempo.” Jesse, It’s been too long she said.
“Hola Irina, què te trae a Los Ángeles?” Hello Irina, what brings you to LA? I asked, keeping a straight and cool face. She chuckled
“Y puedo ver que estás siendo tu auto Viejo cínico y guapo” And I can see you’re still your old cynical and handsome self she said. “Es esa la manera de tartar a un antiguo amante?” Is that any way to treat an old lover? She added.
I knew Irina spoke English; she was just taunting me. I forced a smile on my face and gave her a brief hug. I had slept with her twice during my stay in Spain; I didn’t go around sleeping with random women. I only did when the urge struck; I kept to women like Irina, superficial and shallow. I figured you couldn’t break a heart that’s not there. She sighed
“I miss us.” She said and my mood darkened
“There was never an ‘us’ Irina.” I corrected monotonously
“Right because you stopped calling, stopped coming around. It only dawned on me then that I was just a casual screw.” She spat.
At that time in my life I did what I saw fit and it didn’t matter if I hurt anyone. No one deserved to be used regardless of who they are; Lucky’s unconditional love taught me that. At times it felt surreal that she loved me knowing everything that she knew.
I watched Irina with an unreadable expression “You didn’t answer my question.”
She sighed, “I’m actually here for a photo-shoot.” She said then she settled her hazel gaze on JT “So that’s the famous JT, he looks like you.” She added. She crouched down and greeted him with a smile; JT, who was normally friendly, quietly went behind me. I smiled inwardly as she awkwardly stood up.
“Is that Lucky?” she asked looking behind me and I tensed “She’s even prettier in person.” She added sweetly but I could hear the venom in her voice. I turned to see Lucky intently watching us, she slowly turned her attention back to the woman she was talking to. I’d hoped that she never comes across my old lovers, but fate had another idea.
“I never figured you to be the settling down type, but look at you now. Married with a kid.” She said “I would’ve never believed it if I didn’t see it with my own eyes.” She added. When Lucky came to us I introduced them, saying Irina was an old friend. They shook hands as Irina chuckled
“En serio? Sólo un viejo amigo”, Seriously? Just an old friend she said to me. “Usted no està pensando en hablarde de mí, verdad?” You’re not planning on telling her about me, are you? She added with a wicked grin.
“Yo tendría mucho cuidado de no iniciar ningún problema Irina, estás advertido. Ahora habla Inglés para que te pueda entender”
I’d be very careful not to start any trouble Irina; you’re warned. Now speak English so she can understand you I said. With a smile careful to mask the ire in my expression and voice but Irina definitely got the message.
Lucky eyed us speculatively and I gently rubbed her shoulders
Irina smiled too “How rude of me, I’m a Spanish native. I can’t resist speaking the language, when I find someone who can too.” She said and Lucky nodded.
The phone in my pocket rang and I checked to see whom it was
“I have to take this, excuse me.” I said and kissed Lucky’s forehead, I walked away and JT followed me grabbing my hand. I smiled at him as I greeted Nicolas on the phone. He and I talked about business while I watched Irina and Lucky chat. They were smiling at each other, but it looked wrong.
I didn’t want to tell Lucky about Irina or any of the women in my past, because they all meant nothing to me. But Lucky could be very jealous sometimes; I didn’t want her to get upset unnecessarily. I said goodbye to Nicholas and picked JT up
“Let’s go home, buddy.” I said and he smiled playing with my phone. I walked back to them “Are you ready to go?” I asked Lucky. Who seemed a little offish?
“Yes.” She said then started walking away. I looked at Irina,
She shrugged innocently “It was nice seeing you again Jesse.” She said as I went past her. We went to the car and drove back home.
I could see easily when Lucky was okay and when she pretended to be, and in this case she was pretending. It unsettled me why and I knew it had something to do with Irina. But why wasn’t she saying anything about it or her?
I decided to let it go for now.








15. Buddies

Lucky POV

I checked my watch as I waited outside of JT’s kindergarten; I left work early to pick him up. I promised him I would do it instead of Jeffrey this time around.
Soon enough the children came out running to their respective parents, I saw JT come out. He ran to me when he saw me waiting for him
“Mommy!” he exclaimed as I caught him in my arms. I played with his dark hair
“Hey sweetie, wow you grow every minute.” I said and he giggled getting in the car.
“Would me be as tall as Daddy?” he said and I chuckled
“Will I.” I corrected playfully “Yes, you’ll grow to be as tall as he is.” I said and he smiled. The resemblance between Jesse and JT was astounding, he took after me here and there but he was his father’s son. I didn’t complain.
He started fussing about not wanting to go home yet; he wanted to see Jesse.
I sighed, “But Daddy is working my boy. You’ll see him when he gets back home.” I reasoned. He didn’t want to hear it, he pleaded until he was in the brink of tears. I shook my head and turned into the road leading to G-Industries.
JT was hardly a spoiled brat, but when he wanted something he was adamant about getting it.
We got out of the lift into the executive floor and I knocked on his office door.
We came in and JT immediately ran to a surprised Jesse, jumping onto his lap
“He refused to go home.” I said with a chuckle “He was determined to see his Daddy kicking and screaming.” I added.
Jesse laughed and stood up with him to give me a chaste kiss, JT made a gagging sound and we both laughed. “Its alright, I’ll come back with him. I doubt he’ll want to leave now,” Jesse said rubbing JT’s hair. I nodded walking over to his desk and grabbed the picture off his table. I looked at it, smiling to myself; it was of JT and I playing in the snow last year in Raymond.
Just then Joanne came in and smiled at the sight of JT “Junior, come greet aunt Joanne.” She said and JT giggled and ran into her arms.
I smiled as she hugged me too, I loved Jesse’s PA. She and I’s friendship was immediate and genuine. She also cared deeply for JT, I laughed at the nickname she gave him.
“JT’s going to be with us today.” Jesse told Joanne who nodded, she promised to keep a close eye on him as Jesse worked. I felt a little better at that; I owed her one. She turned her gaze to JT
“I think I have a box of Oreos in my office, want some?” she asked him and he squealed in excitement. She winked at me and walked out of the office with him, closing the door behind her. I didn’t understand why she winked at me, but I understood after she was gone. She was giving Jesse and me a moment alone.
I leaned against his desk meeting his intense gaze; you could cut the sexual tension with a knife. Our magnetic attraction always hummed in the air whenever we were alone together. 
I bit my lower lip as I continued to watch him in silence. He got closer to me and loosened my messy ponytail running his hands through my tresses. He took my mouth again more passionately and with abandon this time. I kissed him back just as fervently, my nails gently dug into his shirt on his shoulder. My nostrils filled with his familiar alluring scent, spicy and musky.
I sighed, we couldn’t seem to get enough of each other even with time. I wrapped my arms around his neck and he grabbed my hips lifting me up to his desk with ease. I was glad he did because my knees suddenly turn to jelly again. Settling between my legs, he began kissing my neck and I moaned running my hands through his black hair. He hitched my leg up to his hip, caressing the inside of my thigh.
“You want to tell me what’s been on your mind love?” he asked against me and I tensed. “What do you mean?” I asked breathlessly, his hand went a little higher.
“Don’t play dumb with me, I can see something’s bothering you.” He said nibbling my earlobe; I let out a quiet cry of pleasure. He had me where he wanted me, helpless at his mercy so he could seduce the truth out of me. He was smart but I refused to waver “I’m just tired my love, really.” I said and his head lifted eyeing me “Now let me go, before those two come back in here.” I said and he reluctantly complied.
“Go to a spa, go shopping or something.” He said with slight concern in his voice. Three reasons brought a smile to my face, 1. I had the most caring husband ever 2. He actually bought my ‘tired’ excuse 3. He still doesn’t realize retail therapy never works for me, I guess I have Ally and Mandy to blame for that one.
“I’m okay, it’ll pass.” I said and got off his desk straitening my dress and neatening my hair. “My hot and bothered appearance is a dead giveaway.” I muttered, suddenly glad I don’t make a habit of wearing lipstick. Jesse chuckled sitting down on his chair.
“You do look hot and bothered.” He said thickly, his eyes grazing all over my body “Look like that tonight…minus the clothes.” He added and I gave him a sexy grin switching our car keys.
“Goodbye Mr. Gilbert.” I said curtly grabbing my handbag and began walking away. Exaggerating the sway of my hips, he says he loves watching me walk away. I wanted it to be stuck in his head all day; that would be a suitable punishment for tricking me earlier. “Don’t I at leased get a goodbye kiss Mrs. Gilbert?” he asked playfully.
“You already stole too many of those, didn’t you?” I replied without looking back.
He laughed but I blew him one and closed the door behind me.

I parked Jesse’s SLR McLaren outside a café and I went inside, I went to a side booth at the back. I sighed at the peaceful quietness there, as I sipped my espresso. I thought back to Jesse’s request for me to tell him what was bothering me. Of course you didn’t fool him, he sees right through you I thought pathetically. I had to give him credit for waiting this long to ask me. My husband possessed many qualities but patience wasn't one of them. I did tell him the truth to an extent I was really tired, tired of keeping this from him. Irina Adriano, with her sultry hazel eyes and long thick mahogany hair. With her supermodel look and sexy Spanish accent, she was the epitome of exotic beauty and perfection.
I knew she was going to disrupt my bliss the moment I saw her and Jesse hug at the restaurant four days ago. When Jesse said she was an old friend I was surprised because he’s never mentioned having female friends before. What woman in her right mind would just be ‘friends’ with a man like Jesse.
When they started speaking in Spanish I got suspicious that they were hiding something. When Jesse left us alone, Irina brutally hinted that she and Jesse were once lovers. I suspected as much but it still didn’t stop her words from stinging. It was hard not to reach out and choke her, I wasn’t a violent person but when I came to Jesse I just couldn’t think straight. For some reason I was able gather my wits and force a smile onto my face, pretending her words meant nothing.
I suddenly had an irrational hatred for her, for every woman who has had Jesse before me. Who has felt his touch, tasted his kisses, and known his unrestrained passion in bed, just as I do. The thought of Irina quivering in pleasure in Jesse’s arms was tearing at the scraps of my mind, leaving nothing in its way.
I was mad at Irina for even showing up here, I was mad at Jesse for not telling me about her. But mostly I was mad at myself for letting it get to me this much. 
Of course Jesse has had women in his past, and it was unfair of me to hold it against him now. I knew that, so why couldn’t I just let it go?
Oh get over it! Years of marriage and you're still acting like the jealous girlfriend I thought.
Sighing I decided to walk it off, that always helped me. I came around the corner when I heard someone call my name. 
I turned around to see Ryan wave and walk towards me. I stopped and smiled at him when he reached me
“Hey Ryan, fancy seeing you here.” I said hugging him.
“Yeah, I saw you walk away and there was no way I could mistake that head of hair.” He said, “How have you been?” he asked.
“Good, I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch for a while.” I said and he shook his head
“How about we fix that, let me buy you lunch.” He said.
“I don’t know, I’m not really…” I stopped myself “Sure.”
He smiled widely. I went to middle and high school with Ryan back in Raymond; we crossed paths 4 months ago. He apparently got transferred here from Virginia; it has been fun catching up with him and reminiscing about our childhood. I let him buy me lunch even though I wasn’t hungry. 
My stomach was still in knots from the whole Jesse and Irina thing. But I started to have fun after a while, Ryan reminded me of Angie, funny and carefree, their company was refreshing. After Lunch we went for a walk and he continued to tell me about his job, it was something he was very passionate about.
I didn’t realize it was so late in the afternoon until we were sitting on the small park bridge with the sun starting to set; Jesse and JT would be home soon.
“I have to go.” I said getting off from the railing, only to trip. Ryan lean in to steady me with his arms; I never noticed before but he was somewhat good looking. He had tousled dirty blonde hair with chocolate brown eyes. He was muscular but not like Jesse was, though he was not bulky either. Ryan’s frame was lankier opposed to that of Jesse.
I shook my head and much to my surprise he kissed me, I stood there frozen in shock. I pushed him away but he didn’t stop. I’d never wondered what it would feel like to be kissed by anyone but Jesse. Now I knew why, Jesse’s kisses could give me butterflies in my stomach, but this was just mundane and grim in comparison. I pushed harder and he stopped looking dazed. Furious I slapped him and began walking away.
“Wait! Lucky.” He said catching up to me and grabbing my elbow, I withdrew my arm “Don’t touch me.” I shrieked and he held up his hands.
“I’m sorry, I really am.” He said, “I don’t know what came over me, I shouldn’t have done that. Its just that I’ve had a crush on you ever since we were kids and I never brought myself to make a move.” He added.
I threw my hands up “And you decide to do it now? I’m happily married Ryan.” I said holding up my left hand, or was four days ago I thought. But Jesse was the only one for me; he always was and always will be.
“I know that and I didn’t mean any disrespect to you or him.” He said with pleading eyes “I’m sorry it will never happen again.” He added fervently.
I eyed him reluctantly
“I still want to be friends Lucky, I don’t want this to mess that up.” He said.
I sighed, he was right I didn’t want to lose our friendship either “Fine.” I said exasperated “But kiss me again and I’ll break your jaw.” I added fiercely. He chuckled but nodded. I said goodbye to him and started walking back to the car.
Its only when I was inside did the flurry of emotions attack me; and none was more potent than guilt.
I kissed another man, even though that wasn’t my intention or fault; I still felt like I betrayed Jesse. I roughly rubbed at my lips, feeling like weeping.
The worse part is that for a split second I considered kissing Ryan back, not because I was attracted to him, but because I wanted to make Jesse jealous. Make him feel what I felt four days ago, and because of that I was disgusted with myself. I was going to sabotage my own marriage if I kept this up! I just knew it.
I started the car and hit the gas; I needed someone to slap me out of this.
 





























16. Bittersweet

Jesse POV

I was infused in work when my personal cell rang; I pulled it out of my breast pocket only to see that it was Bradley. He was a great bodyguard I entrusted to watch Lucky, only without her knowing. I knew if she ever found out she would be furious but she was stubborn as hell.
She only agreed to a bodyguard because she’d been pregnant at the time, but after JT was born she wouldn’t have any of it anymore. So I had my head of security send one of his best men to watch Lucky from the shadows. I knew it was wrong to do that without her knowledge but I couldn’t risk her or JT’s safety.
If anything where to happen to them I’d be finished.
“Yes. Is she okay?” I asked and he reassured she’s fine “But?” I probed
“She’s with that Ryan guy again Sir.” He said and my eyebrows shot up. Ryan was supposedly a childhood friend who suddenly reappeared in her life. She would hang out with him a couple of times over these past months. Of course I was jealous that my wife was spending time with another man. Even though to her it was the same as spending time with Carmen. I’d met him once, he seemed nice enough but I still questioned his motives. Lucky was a stunning woman, and he was a man after all.
“They seemed to have bumped into each other on the street.” Bradley went on
“Did he tail her?” I asked; they haven’t spoken for a month now.
“No, what should I do?” he asked
“Follow them, tell me if he tries anything.” I said; I would annihilate him I thought.
“Of course Mr. Gilbert.” He said then I hung up. Feeling a little irritated I decided to distract myself with work.
After hours of relentless work I stood up to stretch my legs, just as Joanne came back in with JT, announcing that she was heading out. I nodded and thanked her.
I sat back down beginning to clear my table when my phone rang again.
“Yes.” I answered and it was Bradley again “Where is she?” I asked, why would he call me again, unless…
“She’s still with him.” He said and I checked the time, surprised “And?”
“You said to call you if he tries anything…well they kissed…” He said and I froze, in fury I hung up and ran my hand through my hair in frustration. He must’ve started it, Lucky would never do such a thing, or would she?
Then I mentally kicked myself for even considering it. I watched JT play with the action figure Joanne gave him, wondering how I was going to get to the bottom of this. I knew had to talk to Lucky before I jumped into any conclusions. Then how was I going to do that without exposing that I have a bodyguard shadow her? I stood up grabbed my briefcase and JT’s hand.
“Your mother will be the death of me son.” I said
“Mommy is pretty.” He said and I smiled in spite of myself “Yes, she is.” I said as we went out.
Too pretty for her own good that men are ready to jump her bones any chance they get I thought irritably. For reasons that are beyond me she’s oblivious to that fact. We drove back home; when we got there the sun had already set. I felt like jumping out of my skin when Lucky wasn’t there. Was she still with him? What were they doing? Those thoughts continuously clogged at my mind.
JT fell asleep straight after dinner, but not before he asked me where was his mommy. I made some lame excuse when even I didn’t know. Or was it more that I didn’t want to know? I could easily call Bradley and he’d tell me, but I was afraid he would tell me what I didn’t want to hear.
I sat in the lounge distracting myself with TV while I waited for her, fighting the urge to go look for her. If I found him with her I don’t think I could retrain myself from killing him with my bare hands.
It was 10pm when I heard my car park in the garage, so she returns I thought.
She walked in and sat next to me but I continued to stare at the TV.
“Hi, sorry I’m late, I just…”
“Where have you been?” I asked as calmly as I could.
“Oh, I was at Carmen’s we were chatting and I kind of lost track of time.” She said then she leaned in to kiss my cheek but I backed away. Baffled she paused
“Have you seen Ryan yet? You two haven’t spoken for a while.” I said, she thought about it for a moment “No.” she said. I leaned back on the sofa and closed my eyes for a second. So she was lying now, why would she do that if the kiss meant nothing? I chuckled without humor.
“That’s funny, given that you were kissing him today.” I said watching her tense then avert her gaze; my ire overcame me. “Why were you two kissing Lucky? And why did you feel the need to lie to me about it?” I said standing up.
“Wait, how did you know about that?” she said absently
“You didn’t answer my question Lucky!” I said and she groaned standing up too.
“Because I knew you would overreact like this! And for nothing.” She shrieked, “I lost my balance and he caught me, he is the one who kissed me and I pushed him away” she added glaring at me.
“Now answer my question, how the hell did you know about that?” she asked, I paused and she gasped, “You have me followed? I can’t believe you! What? Did you think I cheat on you with him?” she asked her gaze filled with fury.
“Ugh no, it was just for your protection…”
“Well your spy is a little unreliable don’t you think? Because he forgot to mention the part when I slapped Ryan and walked away.” She spat and I froze. Remembering that I didn’t give Bradley a chance to finish, because I was too angry to listen to the details. Lucky tried to storm past me but caught her arm stopping her. Even with anger and frustration, desire was still the ruling emotion. God I wanted her.
There was something about the way she looked when she was angry that just drove me wild. The way her soft lips would purse and her eyebrows crease together. The way her enticing chest would heave with deep breaths and her eyes would blaze like green fires. I knew it was the same for her because most of our rows ended with us tearing each other’s clothes off.
“You can’t see him again.” I said tersely and her eyebrows shot up
“What?” she asked withdrawing her arm “That’s crazy, you can’t tell me what to do,” She bellowed.
“The hell I can’t.” I growled, mad that she still wanted to spend time with him even after today.
“Have you lost your mind?” she hissed yes, thinking about you with him I thought. “You can’t tell me who I can and cannot see!” She added.
“He kissed you without your consent and you still want to ‘see’ him?” I asked irritated. She threw her arms up
“He’s still my friend, he apologized and promised it won’t happen again. I believe him.” She said defensively.
“That’s naïve.” I snapped, if he kissed her once he was going to want to do it again. “That’s my choice.” She retorted, “What’s wrong with you huh? I actually mean it when I say he’s just a friend. Its not like I ever slept with him, which is more than I can say for you.” She spat.
“Excuse me?” I asked taken aback and she shifted her gaze. It dawned on me then, she knew about Irina and me. “That’s what’s been bothering you? Irina? What did she tell you?” I asked cursing inwardly.
“Its more of what you didn’t tell me!” she said “Oh she on the other hand couldn’t stop gushing about you and her in the good old days. And how she misses your perfect lovemaking.” She said and I flinched.
“I didn’t want to upset you.” I said quietly
She shook her head “Well I ‘am, and more so because I had to find out from her.” she said calmly “That’s something you never have to experience with me Jesse.”
I paused shocked by her statement. Was she saying that I never had to experience jealousy because I know I’m the first and last man she’d ever been with?
“Is that what this is all about Lucky, making me jealous? Giving me a taste of my own medicine?” I asked and she blinked twice.
“I never said that.” She said more softly
“Well then let me say this. I haven’t seen Irina in 7 years.” I said, “Regardless, I refuse to be questioned about what I did and who I was with prior to you. It is none of your concern at the moment.” I said fiercely.
For a second I thought she was going to retort but she surprised me when she clasped her mouth shut and dropped her gaze. I didn’t miss the hurt in her green eyes; I mentally kicked myself, hard. Lucky was a fighter, its only when she’s deeply wounded did she stop. The ire and frustration drained out of me the moment I realized I’d caused her pain.
“I’m sorry little one.” I said softly, taking her hand and kissing it “I didn’t mean that.” I added kissing the inside of her palm. She just nodded keeping her head down. I’d taken time to open up to her about my past; my reluctance to let her in was part of our problems in the beginning. Now I just made it sound like she still wasn’t welcome to know that part of my life.
I was about to say something when I saw JT standing a few steps behind her,
“Mommy?” he said and she turned around and slightly smiled. She crouched down and JT ran into her arms, picking him up “Hey sweetheart, couldn’t sleep?” she asked.
JT shook his head then reached for me “Mommy, are you and Daddy fighting?” he asked and Lucky finally looked up at me. To my surprise her gaze didn’t convey anger, just…helplessness.
“No, your Daddy and I love each other every much.” She said still watching me, and then she turned her gaze back to him. “You know who else we love?” she asked, and JT smiled “Me?” he asked and she chuckled “You.” She said rubbing her nose against his and he giggled. My heart swelled at the intimate scene, watching Lucky with JT has always been a profound gift to me.
JT yawned, “Let’s get you back to bed buddy.” I said and he came into me “Say goodnight to Mommy.” I said.
“Goodnight Mommy.” He said and she kissed his cheek
“Goodnight my boy, sleep tight.” She said and glanced at me like she wanted to say something but decided against it. She turned and went out the back, probably for some fresh air.
I stared after her and sighed inwardly. Even though she didn’t look angry, I knew my callous words had hurt her. And Lucky dealt with hurt in two ways, either she lashed out or she shut out. Her shutting me out was the worst of the two.
I went upstairs and towards JT’s bedroom, which was further down the hallway to ours. I tucked him in and grabbed his bedtime story, which I couldn’t read to him earlier.
“Daddy, Mommy’s upset.” He said, I grimaced JT was very perceptive.
“Yeah I know son, and its all my fault.” I said sitting beside him “Lets hope I can fix that.” I added. I began reading the story to him; I was halfway across it when he fell asleep. I kissed his forehead and went out flicking off the light.
When I walked back into our bedroom I found Lucky under the covers with her eyes closed but I knew she wasn’t asleep. I silently watched her,
Her hair was tangled all around her, and she looked breathtaking. She also looked fragile and it was instinctive of me to protect her. But how could I protect her, when I was the one hurting her?
She opened her eyes and settled her gaze on me; she sat up as I approached her.
“How is he?” she asked and I sat on the edge of the bed facing her
“He’s asleep.” I said. She paused and nodded lying back down on the pillows.
I wasn’t having that; I wasn’t going to let her shut me out. My arm circled her waist and I pulled her back to an upright position. She gasped taken aback, placing a hand on my shoulder as I held her close to me.
“Don’t do this to me please.” I begged softly, shaking her a little “I’m sorry.” I added. She looked at me then  “I know.” She whispered.
“No, you don’t.” I said, “I was an idiot Lucky, that came out wrong. What I meant to say was that Irina and all those other women are part of a time in my life I’d much rather forget. They’re part of the choices I’d love to take back but can’t. Everything changed when you came along little one, I changed.”
She looked down and tears rolled down her face “I know that, and I hate myself for acting like such a bit…” I stopped her by holding her lips together. Resenting that she was beating herself up because she thought she was being unfair to me.
“I don’t ever want to hear you refer to yourself in that manner.” I said and she nodded. I let her lips go, gently running my thumb across them loving how their sensual softness called to me. 
“The things that come out of your mouth either make me extremely happy or angry.” I said; my gaze lifted to her eyes “I think it’s a gift.” I added and she half smiled. I wiped her tears “I’m sorry I forgot myself back there my love, our argument was inane, I shouldn’t have let it get that far.” I added cupping her cheek. She shook her head, looking down “Please don’t take the blame, I’ll just feel even more horrible because you were right.” She said and I was about to protest but she stopped me.
“I shouldn’t hold a grudge against you for Irina and everything. I promised myself I’d never do that and I hate that I broke that promise.” She added her voice breaking. I hugged her tightly
“That’s enough.” I said; my dark past would’ve sent some other running and screaming, yet here she was. “Just say you’ll forgive me.” I added and She lifted her head
“I forgave you downstairs, I wasn’t angry with you.” She said and I smiled
“Well you should’ve, it scares me when you’re not.” I said truthfully.
She chuckled “Why, because you’re used to me screaming and hitting you like a crazy person?” she said and I chuckled too, delighted to hear her laugh.
“Something like that.” I said, we laughed together. “If you must know, yes I ‘am jealous of Ryan. I’m very selfish about your time and attention.” I added; I needed it like I needed to breathe.
“I wont stand in the way of your friendship.” I said and she smiled “But if he tries anything again, I’ll kill him for sure.” I added solemnly, I really would. 
“He knows that, but he also knows that I’ll do it first.” She said and I chuckled.
She wrapped her arms around my neck “There’s no need to be selfish, can’t you see how clingy I ‘am? You have my time and attention 24/7. I can’t stop thinking about you even when I’m with him.” She said and it was my turn to smile now.
We stared at each other for a while; God only knows I’m still as madly in love with her as I was 5 years ago.
“I love you, I hate it when we fight.” She said stroking the side of my face
“Me too.” I said taking her hand and kissing it “Although, our fights do lead to hot make up sex.” I said and she giggled.
“Hmm, show me how really sorry you are.” She said taking my shirt off.
“It would be my pleasure.” I said, she was on her back and I was on top of her in an instant. She gasped at the abrupt motion; I smiled taking her up on her offer.




























17. Secondary

Lucky POV

I went to work earlier than usual today; a big marketing campaign was in full swing so everything was busier more rushed now. Working at Berkshire Hathaway as a dream come true for me. I went to my desk only to find Abby there, on her laptop. She had her faults but one thing she was always good at is punctuality.
“Hey Abby.” I greeted her settling in, she looked up from her laptop a little troubled then she slightly jumped at the sight of me.
“Hi girl, how are you today?” she asked nervously closing her laptop
I eyed her suspiciously “I’m fine, is everything okay?” I asked. Her gaze narrowed
“Yeah, why wouldn’t it be?” she said, I glanced at her computer. Whatever was bothering her was obviously on it and she seemed determined to keep it from me. I leaned in and quickly grabbed it before she could stop me
“You really don’t want to look at that.” She said but I did anyway. It looked like a gossip blog, what shocked me is that it was about me.
It was tagged with a picture of Jesse and I doing some charity work for the Gilbert Foundation. I read on,

Jesse and Lucky Gilbert aka America’s royal couple stopped by a local orphanage to hand over a big fat check to the organizers. They also decided to get their hands dirty with some good old manual labor. What we’re all thinking is ‘who are they trying to fool?’ They couldn’t give a rat’s ass about the less fortunate. Exhibit A, who the hell does charity work in a $5000 Chanel dress? The only thing more fake than Lucky Gilbert’s mother Teresa act is her feeble attempt to make it look real…

Not able to continue to reading I slowly put Abby’s laptop back on the table, she gave me a remorseful look and I shook my head.
“We were just trying to help.” I heard myself say. Being able to work on the Foundation with Jesse has been one of the most fulfilling experiences of my life. They just made it look cheap and worthless; Abby waved her hand dismissively. “It’s the press, they can slander even the Pope. They’ll write anything just to sell magazines. Don’t mind them.” She said.
I didn’t pay much attention to the media but Abby’s effort to make me feel better made me smile.
“You’re an awesome friend.” I said and her eyes lit up
“I know.” She said and we both giggled. I suddenly felt sick; my hand went to my mouth and abdomen. I quickly turned around and rushed to the bathroom.
I kneeled down in front of the toilet and vomited; suddenly glad I wore my hair up today. I heard a knock on the door
“Lucky? Are you okay?” Abby asked, I flushed the toilet and sat on top of it rubbing my forehead. “Yeah,” I said.
I walked back out and put my hands on the counter to steady myself, I rinsed my mouth out and Abby handed me a breath mint. I gave her a smile
“Thanks.” I said, 
“What did you eat this morning?” she asked playfully “You look pale.”
“I ‘am.” I said laughing at my reflection; although I’ve always been fair regardless “I just had a slice of toast and coffee.”
“Well you’re sick in the morning, you didn’t eat anything out of the ordinary. I think you might be…”
“Pregnant.” I finished for her; it made sense. Abby smiled
“Wow, round two.” She said and we both laughed, delighted. Jesse and I have wanted to have our second child. “You certainly make it look easy, I hope it’s the same for me too some day.” She added.
I looked at her “What do you mean?”
She rolled her eyes “Come on, the moment you popped out JT you were back in your rockin’ body.” She playfully pouted “Its unfair.”
I laughed at her exaggeration, for a while I felt like I was out of shape. I guess I burned up some calories quickly because I loved training with Jesse. He however had another idea of how to burn off fat and it involved a bed.
“It wasn’t that easy.” I said and she cocked her head to the side
“Probably.” She said, “But I’d go through any trouble to have that man’s babies.” She added fanning herself. I shook my head at her
“And you know how I get when you fantasize about my husband.” I teased, and she laughed as we walked out.

                                                                 *      *      *

Jesse was not the only one who was beside him with joy about my second pregnancy. All of my girlfriends insisted on throwing me another baby shower, I wasn’t having that. It was hard to get around the first one, but apparently I wasn’t going to escape this one either.
This pregnancy was easier, probably due to experience; I knew what to expect this time around. And like the last time we waited until the baby was born to find out the gender. We were very happy to welcome a healthy baby girl into the world. Jesse couldn’t be more thrilled about Katelyn’s arrival.
Apparently so was JT, he couldn’t get enough of his little sister; it was a heart melting thing to watch them bond as siblings. 
Katelyn’s features resembled mine the more she grew; her hair had the same brown tint as mine. Though her eyes were blue as her father’s.
By the time she was 3 years old she was as cute as they come. Carmen couldn’t stop squeezing her when we visited her.
“She might grow up to surpass her own mother.” She said as she put Katelyn down. I chuckled nodding
“She will, she has some Jesse in her.” I said and Carmen nodded knowingly, “How are things between you and Kevin?” I asked.
Kevin came back to LA a year after she told me what had happened between them. They took time before they had a serious relationship and that was due to Carmen thinking Kevin would just run again. After realizing he wasn’t going anywhere, she gave them a chance. I was glad to see my friend happier than I’ve seen her yet, that is until Kevin’s ex reappeared in his life.
She sighed “I called him yesterday, we met and talked.” She said, “I told him that I can’t do this whole love triangle thing.”
My eyes narrowed “She wants him back?” I asked and she nodded
“And apparently she’s not going anywhere until she does.” She replied running her hand through her short brow hair.
I didn’t know the depth of Kevin’s feelings towards Carmen but he looked at her like a man who was in love. I wonder if she was aware of that.
“I think it doesn’t change anything. He cares about you Carmen.” I said
She grimaced “I would love to believe that trust me, but this is Celeste we’re talking about.” She said. “They actually have a history, at some point he was in love with her, she is the one who walked and I don’t think he ever truly got over that.” She added sadly.
“What did he say yesterday?” I asked
“That he wants to be with me and me only.” She said, “Well then there you go.” I said and she chuckled without humor.
“You know it’s never that simple.” She said and I nodded knowingly, but I could hope right? “She still has some hold over him and I hate that. We can never be really happy while she’s still in the picture. If she stays I walk.” She added.
My gaze shifted to Katelyn who was enjoying cartoons on the TV then back to Carmen. “I don’t care what history they have, she doesn’t have anything on you.” I said and she laughed.
It was true; Carmen was a mixture of beauty, spunk and danger. Not being biased but Kevin would be an idiot to give her up.
“Your efforts to make me feel better are adorable.” She said and I chuckled
“What are friends for huh?” I said checking my watch “You have to go?” she asked and I nodded “Katelyn, come lets go honey, Daddy will be home soon.” I called out to her. With that she immediately got off the sofa and ran towards me with a smile on her face. I caught her in my arms and Carmen chuckled as she saw us out, “It works like a charm.” She said. “I know.” I mouthed to her chuckling too; today was one of the times Jesse worked on a Saturday. He often took time off to spend with us, but a company as huge as G-Industries couldn’t run itself. I was surprised to find Bradley gone; I decided to stop nagging Jesse about bodyguards anymore. I told him that Bradley could come out of the shadows now. He was our bodyguard and sometimes chauffer now, though once u started to know him I found that he was actually a very nice guy.
“Where’s your heavily muscled companion?” Carmen asked as Katelyn got in the car, I slightly frowned. This was unlike him; he never left our side.
“I was just asking myself the same question.” I said getting in the driver’s seat.
“Something urgent probably came up.” She said and I nodded.
“I’ll call you.” I said and she waved us off.












18. Double Take

Lucky POV

Katelyn fell asleep soon after we got home; I got back downstairs to find Jesse greeting JT, who has been playing his video game.
“I bet I can beat you at this game Dad.” He said and I smiled standing at the end of the staircase watching them.
“I’m sure you can buddy.” Jesse replied with a slight smile, I noticed he looked tired. Which was weird because he could work forever and still look like he just woke up. His hair looked like he was running his hand through it a lot; something he only did when he was frustrated. His gaze locked on mine and he walked towards me.
“Hi, rough day at…” I said and he cut me off with a bear hug, I chuckled uneasily taken aback. Jesse embraced me a lot but this one felt a little wrong
“Alright. Who died?” I asked in a teasing tone, but I was actually anxious. He paused then he lifted his head smiling at me.
“No one.” He said cupping my face “I just wanted to hug you.”
I chuckled “Oh what did I do to deserve such affection.” I said and he half smiled “Where’s my little girl?” he asked
“She fell asleep an hour ago.” I said following him into the kitchen. “You want to tell me what’s got you worked up?” I asked and for a split second I thought he tensed.
“The CIA is assembling all the elite agents in New York.” He said simply as he made coffee. Taken aback I just silently stared at him, does that mean he too will leave; and for how long?
“Is there a world war 3 brewing?” I asked and he eyed me leaning against the counter with his legs crossed at the ankles. He sipped his coffee, looking sinfully handsome.
“You’re so melodramatic, it’s amusing.” He said even though he didn’t look amused.
I stood next to him “Are you going?” I asked; it was a stupid question. Of course he was, but a silly part of me hoped he’d say no. I hated being away from him; I could swear it literally causes me physical pain.
He nodded, wrapping his free hand around my waist and pressing his lips to my hair “I’m probably going to be a couple of days.” He said, “I’ll…be back before you know it.” He added. I nodded slowly
“Bradley just disappeared today, do you know where he is?” I asked; his gaze shifted “Yes, something came up with his family he had to leave the state for now. I’ll find a replacement for him for the meantime.” He said.
“Oh.” I said, a little disappointed that he didn’t even say goodbye, I thought we were better acquainted than that. Jesse kissed my forehead and went to JT offering him a game.
I stood there trying not to read too much into his mood, something was wrong.
You’re being your old paranoid self the little voice in my head told me, and knowing me I was.
Just then Javier, Jesse’s kind chef walked in, I decided to help him with dinner just to clear my head.


Jesse finished loading his luggage in his car, I watched him say goodbye to Maria and the kids. He comforted a crying Katelyn; he gave her back to Maria when she stopped. Maria offered them ice cream and they both brightened as she went back in with them. Jesse took me into his arms, embracing me tightly for a short while; he pressed his lips to mine. He kissed me until I was dizzy.
“I love you.” He whispered before releasing me
“I love you too.” I said “You better get out of here, before I hold you captive.” I teased. He half smiled and got in the car, I watched his car disappear from the circular driveway; I touched my lips absently. Jesse has never kissed me like that before; did I just imagine the sad edge to it?
JT’s voice brought me out of my thoughts; he tugged at my hand.
“Come on mom, I saved you some ice cream.” He said and I smiled following him inside.
The next few days were as rough as hell, and the fact that Jesse was not answering his phone did not ease my nervousness. He always answered his phone, especially if I’m the one calling.
I sat in our balcony after work and grabbed my phone calling him again, I groaned when it sent me straight to voicemail…again.
“You’re scaring me my love, call me please.” I said and threw my phone onto the other chair, I probably left a thousand messages and none of them were returned.
I wrapped my arms around my legs stubbornly refusing to succumb to the terrible knot in my stomach. Jesse was supposed to be here yesterday, maybe he got held up but he’d tell me if he was going to be late, wouldn’t he?
The following day I was relieved when Bill turned up at the door with two other men I didn’t know. That relief was quickly turned into panic and worry, what was he doing here? Was it about Jesse?
Maria offered them a seat but I stood next to Angie watching them.
“What’s going on Bill, I know this is not a social visit.” I said and he nodded his expression revealing nothing “Please sit Lucky.” He said.
I shook my head “Don’t tell me to sit down Bill, tell me what this is about.”
Angie touched my shoulder, her anxious eyes pleading with me to comply. I sat down not taking my gaze off Bill; she sat next to me.
Bill took a deep breath and simultaneously my heart started racing, this was bad.
“Jesse never made it to New York.” He said and I thought I didn’t hear him over my drumming heart.
“What do you mean he never made it?” I whispered, he looked down
“I was informed that his jet experienced engine failure, it crashed.” He said and I heard Maria gasp and Angie put her face in her hands.
My mind however couldn’t comprehend what Bill was saying, and then everything went blank…


“Lucky?” I heard someone say, “I think she’s coming around.” I opened my eyes to see a distressed Angie hovering over me. It crashed, those words made an echo in my head. For a split second I thought I dreamt the whole thing but when I woke up I was still living in that nightmare.
“No.” I said quickly siting up and my gaze locked with Bill “Where is he? How...”
“We’ve been looking into it, the plane is in ruins but we didn’t find the bod…him.” He said; I flinched standing up. I didn’t even want to think about any other outcome, he just had to have survived somehow.
My gaze fixated on Bill and his eyes widened as he slightly lifted from the ground. The two men with him stood up, and Angie screamed when I heard their guns cock in my direction. I kept my gaze on Bill
“Put your damn guns down you morons.” He hissed at them before looking at me.
“Lucky you know I care for Jesse, we are doing everything we can…”
“Don’t play games with me Bill.” I snapped, “This is my whole life we’re talking about. Find my husband…fast.” I said then let him down.
“We’ll do our best.” He said then he paused “I’m sorry.” He added.
I refused to acknowledge his sympathetic words, I couldn’t think like that; I would go over the edge if I did.
“Get out.” I said and they left closing the door behind them.
I took a moment before I staggered back to the sofa, covering my mouth with both my hands, afraid of letting out the scream of agony that rumbled in my chest. The last thing I felt were Angie and Maria’s arms around me,
Jesse…
































19. Last Song

Lucky POV

‘A tragic ending to the fairytale story’ 
The newspaper headline read; I threw it onto the bed. Jesse and I’s relationship was anything but a fairytale, besides if it was a fairytale shouldn’t we have gotten our happily ever after?
I smoothed the skirt of my black dress thinking back. After Bill told me about Jesse’s plane crash I’d spent a whole week not being able to sleep or eat. Stuck in a numb state, I guess a part of me was waiting for him to walk through the door. He never did.
When they gave me the statement officially declaring Jesse dead, burnt beyond recognition, I came undone.
The hardest part was telling JT and Katelyn why their Daddy wasn’t coming back, when even I couldn’t bring myself to realize it.
Everyone has to die at some point, but it wasn’t supposed to end like this. He and I were supposed to grow old together, die together. Now I was trapped in this nightmare I was never going to wake up from.
I sat on the dressing table and fixed my black hat, I couldn’t recognize the woman staring back at me in the mirror. This woman in black with haunted eyes and a tearless face;
When my dad died, I felt it. Felt the hollow emptiness in my life that confirmed that he really was gone forever. Why didn’t I feel that now?
I guess that’s the reason why even through the wrenching pain in every nerve of my body, no tears fell from my eyes.
I didn’t hear the knock on my door until it opened and Maria stepped in, dressed in black too. “Its time.” She said and I nodded got up and followed her out.
Today was the day of his funeral, the funeral of my heart.

Jason drove and I sat in the back with JT and I carried Katelyn, I scrutinized JT more. He was staring blankly out the window; he was old enough to understand what was happening around him. And the little sadness on his face was breaking my heart into a million pieces.
Try as I may to put him at ease and reassure him, I couldn’t give him what he really wanted, what we both wanted.
When we got to the cemetery most people had arrived, I spotted mom and Jenna. They flew in from Raymond a few days ago to support me; I was glad that they were here. They saw me and walked towards me
“Aw honey.” Mom said embracing me “I can’t tell you how sorry I ‘am about Jesse’s passing.” She said and I nodded stiffly.
She meant well, everyone meant well but I was tired of all the sympathetic words, looks and smiles. Jenna however didn’t say anything she just tightly hugged me for a long while, she knew me well.
Carmen and Kevin followed suit, Kevin also mimicked JT’s expression. He lost a best friend, someone whom he’s known his whole life.
“I’m here for you my dear” Ben said after giving me a hug, my throat tightened at his kindness. He and his wife were the ones who took it upon themselves to arrange most of the funeral and everything else. I felt a little guilty at not acknowledging that they too were grief stricken, they lost a son. All my attention had been on JT and Katelyn and on my own misery.
“Thank you so much for everything, really.” I said fervently “Jesse loved you both so much, you meant the world to him.” I added looking at Helen too. Who nodded and pressed a wet tissue to her eyes. I wondered why I couldn’t mimic her; cry. Because inside I was drowning in my unshed tears.
I turned my gaze to JT, who hasn’t spoken a word since we arrived,
“Can you give us a moment?” I asked Ben and Helen and they nodded and left. Maria took Katelyn and went to sit down. I crouched down and stared at JT who refused to meet my gaze.
“JT look at me.” I said and he did reluctantly “Talk to me.” I pleaded. He paused,
“I miss Dad.” He said and a tear rolled down his cheek, I wiped it away
“I know sweetie, I miss him too.” I said cupping his cheek “You know what he would say right now?” I asked and he shook his head.
“He would say; what are these two doing crying over me.” I said and he slightly smiled “Yeah that sounds like Dad.” He said and I forced a smile onto my face too. It felt weird like its been forever since last smiled.
“We’re going to get through this, together okay?” I asked and he nodded, I extended my arms and he came into them. “I love you.” I added.
The service was beautiful and well put together, with flowers and pictures of Jesse from childhood gracing the entire gazebo. To me the whole proceedings went off in a blur but I mostly remembered Ben and Maria’s emotional speeches.
“There’s nothing in this world Jesse loved more than his family.” He’d said fervently looking in our direction.
The burial felt surreal as I watched his American flag draped coffin get lowered into the ground, I was glad that Angie stayed with my kids at the gazebo.
The officiant guided us through prayer and I was the first one to step up and throw some dirt into the grave. I was suddenly hit with a memory,
I wish for my wife to stop being so stubborn…but most importantly to live a long and happy life with her.
I remembered Jesse and I throwing small rocks into the lake at our wedding, happy, laughing and hopeful for the future…
I didn’t realize that I didn’t move away until Carmen put her arm around me and she moved the both of us aside. Ben, Helen and Maria followed to pay their final respects.  After the ceremony some people stated to leave, just then Bill and Officer Harley walked towards me. They offered their condolences, as did many people and I acknowledged cordially. Followed by Ally and Mandy who looked devastated, they hero-worshipped and love Jesse to the bone. Even Ryan came to offer some support.
The next to come up to me were John and Rebecca Gilbert, they both hugged me.
“We’re deeply saddened by your loss Lucky.” Rebecca said and I nodded
“Our sincere condolences.” John added with a sad smile that I didn’t return.
“Thank you.” I said “To be honest we both know that none of you ever really did care about Jesse, but thank you for coming. Your presence is greatly appreciated.” I added. I didn’t have time to scrutinize their reaction when I walked passed them. I didn’t want to split any hairs nor did I feel guilty about what I said to them. It was the truth.
Most people had left when I walked back to the gravesite. I crouched down and laid red tulips on top of a dozen other flowers. He used to love sending me red tulips at work, at home, everywhere. I never understood if there was a meaning behind that or them but I cherished it. Knowing that he was thinking of me whenever he sent them. I didn’t used to have a favorite type of flower and he made me have one.
“Lucky?” Carmen’s voice came up from behind me; I turned around to find her. Kevin was playing with my kids a few feet away from us. She hugged me “I thought we’d take those two rascals off your hands for one evening.” She said referring to JT and Katelyn “We thought you might need to rest.” She added.
Just then they came to us “Are you guys okay with sleeping over at Carmen and Kevin’s place?” I asked and they both nodded.
“Yeah cool.” JT said and I hugged him and kissed Katelyn on the cheek. I nodded towards Kevin and he left with them. Carmen turned her gaze back to me
“Are you going to be okay?” she asked slightly worried, I managed a tight smile for her. “Yeah, thanks.” I said squeezing her hand.
“I’ll bring them over tomorrow…I love you.” She said and my throat tightened,
Carmen hardly ever said those words “I love you too.” I said when she released me. I watched her walked away and disappear out of the cemetery.
My gaze drifted back to the grave, I love you I thought goodbye…

When I arrived back at the estate and entered the lounge the whole place seemed deserted and cold. I knew Maria and Angela were here somewhere but I didn’t look for them I just watched my whole surroundings as thought I’d never been here before. I watched every thing with careful detail and a flurry of memories came to me all at once…
Jesse and I kissing in the kitchen, cuddling on the sofas, JT running around the dining room, Katelyn’s first steps…I gasped wrapping my arms around my torso. Whatever little numbness I had vanished and I were suddenly aware of everything around me. Its like someone flicked on the light and my grip on reality was suddenly very sharp. After today that was it, if my subconscious refused to believe it before, it did now. Jesse was gone forever and he was never coming back.
I started panting and my hands trembled as tears finally came flooding down my face. The scream of terror that had been bottled up deep inside me ripped out of my throat and I threw the first thing I could find. I threw and threw and threw, crying and screaming.
“Lucky! Lucky!” Maria shouted “Stop!” she grabbed my shoulders stopping me. I slumped onto the floor and Maria sat beside me holding me as I violently sobbed.
“It’s going to be okay dear.” She said through her own tears, rubbing my back comfortingly.
I shook my head “He’s gone Maria, he’s gone…” I repeated to her until my voice was just a whimper.
     
                                                           *         *         *






20. Try

Lucky POV

“I love you Jesse, and that’s not going to change, I realize that now,” I whispered with conviction. “What happened to not getting attached to me?” he teased and I leaned towards him.
“Lost cause” I muttered, kissing his neck “You made it so hard not to Mr. Gilbert it was hardly fair” I added smiling and he pressed his lips to mine….

My eyes flew open and I cursed inwardly, rolling out of bed like it burnt me. My feet got tangled in the duvet and I fell onto the floor on my knees. I pinched the bridge of my nose and breathed through my mouth, which always helped when I refused to cry. I cursed again at the pain in my chest, another goddamn dream about him again. My mind was my worst enemy, it gave me what I wanted…what I needed at night and it would take it away the moment the sun came up. Ripping open barely healed wounds. I thought I was getting better at evading dreams about him, but they would hit me effortlessly and I would come undone every time. I chuckled without humor realizing that I was also getting better at holding myself together, how ironic.
I stood up and turned off the alarm clock before it could beep for 6am. Or maybe time was my worst enemy. Because no matter what one was feeling, no matter what one was going through. It ticked, unsympathetic and uncaring. It ticked on.
It’s been a year and a half since the funeral, since I last felt alive; I lived but I never felt alive.
Sometimes I wished I could evaporate or fade into nothingness, but how could I when I had two beautiful kids to look after? I had to live, if not for me then for JT and Katelyn, they needed their mother. I gave my undivided attention to them; they were the only reason I still woke up in the morning. I played with the ring on my finger as I walked to the bathroom.

I finished pouring Katelyn’s cereal and I watched her eat, I sipped my coffee. I smiled to myself, she know insists on picking her own clothes. Ally and Mandy’s influence no doubt, plus she loved playing mannequin for them.  As I looked at my necklace on her. I gave it to her when she turned four, five months ago. Like my mother described the act was instinctual, I had no control over it. I just knew it was time to hand it over; she loved it of course. The moment it locked around her neck it changed from green to blue to match her eyes. I silently hoped that she never discovered her powers. That she’d be among the ones that never came into their powers. My necklace was a blessing and a curse, but more so a blessing because it brought me Jesse…
I stopped my train of thinking and focused on something else, just then JT came running down the stairs with his books over his shoulder.
“Overslept again?” I teased and he grinned at me grabbing some bacon. He was in his 2nd grade this year.
“Serves him right for thinking he’s old enough to wake himself up.” Maria teased coming into the kitchen.
JT frowned “That’s because I ‘am, duh?” he said
“No your not.” Katelyn said sticking her tongue out at him and he glared at her.
“Okay enough you two.” I said slightly amused, I think they both get a kick out of annoying each other “Finish up or we’re going to be late.” I added checking my watch. I normally drove them to school before going to work; sometimes Jeffery did it whenever I couldn’t. But I always made sure that I could.
They said goodbye to Maria and ran towards the garage and into the M-Class.
I drove Katelyn to her kindergarten first then carried on 29 blocks towards JT’s school; I parked next to the sidewalk and he turned to me.
“Oh mom, don’t forget there’s that parent teacher thingy today.” He said and I nodded “I didn’t forget sweetie.” I said.
“Mom.” He moaned “You really need to stop babying me.” he said and I chuckled
“Oops.” I teased and he quickly brightened and got out of the car.
I watched him go, JT never wants to be underestimated. Like his father he prided himself at being fearless and formidable even at such a young age. He was the spitting image of Jesse, sometimes when I looked into his eyes it felt like I was looking straight into Jesse’s. It cut me to the bone sometimes.
I drove to work, that was another thing that kept me sane. I drew as much from it as I could, preoccupying myself meant that I had little time to let my mind wander. And I knew and felt the consequence of letting that happen.
My drive to work harder had boosted the department’s turnover dramatically last year and I got promoted to head of marketing. Abby was my second in command.
I checked my time and went out of my office, and into Abby’s
“Hey I’m going to that meeting with JT’s teacher, can you hold off until I come back?” I asked on the doorway. She looked up from her computer
“Sure, go ahead.” She said “Grab my favorite cupcakes when you come back.” She added and I nodded.
When I got to JT’s school, some kids had already left. I found him sitting in the hallway “Hey, am I late?” I asked and he shook his head.
“My class is the third door down the hallway.” He said and I rubbed his black head. When I got in a lady slightly younger than me stood up and greeted me. Introducing herself as Miss. Heart, she had dark hair with blonde highlights and seemed very friendly. I was surprised to find that I was the only one in the class as she offered me a seat. She must’ve noticed me looking around because she said “Oh I do these things individually, I found that it’s more effective when I focus on one child’s progress at a time. And the parents feel more at ease.”
I nodded, and she proceeded to do so. Explaining JT’s behavior and overall performance in class.
“Mrs. Gilbert your son is very bright, in fact some of the things we do are too ‘easy’ for his thinking capabilities. I spoke to the relevant people and they agreed to have him jump to 4th grade next year.” She said.
“Did you tell him that?” I asked; she nodded “How does he feel about it?”
“He seems excited about it, we’ll make it happen if we get your go ahead.” She said and I nodded.
“Of course, do it.” I said immediately, as long as its what JT wants.
She smiled and went to her desk retrieving a page “I had them write an essay about anything they wanted, and he wrote about you. I thought you might like to see it.” She said handing the page to me. I was surprised and delighted,
His topic read; ‘Best mom in the world’. I couldn’t help but smile and chuckle at some of the sweet and quirky things he wrote about me. My brows furrowed as I read a paragraph where he talked about Jesse’s death and how he feels about its effect on our family and me.
When she’s sad, I’m sad he wrote.
JT has always been a perceptive little boy, could he possible see some of my pain? I tried to conceal it for Katelyn and his sake, and according to his essay I was not doing a pretty good job at it. I sighed inwardly; I wondered why he brightened up whenever I joked around or laughed. He cherished the moments when I looked happy because I hardly ever did?
When she’s sad, I’m sad the words echoed in my head.
“Mrs. Gilbert?” the woman asked and my gaze lifted to her “Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine.” I said handing the page back to her “That was lovely.” I said and she nodded. She said a couple more things and then she ended the meeting.
I thanked her and walked back out, JT stood up when he saw me
“What did she say?” he asked; I smiled.
“That you’re a bright young man, who’s going to 4th grade next year.” I said.
He fist pumped the air in excitement “Really?” he asked and I nodded, he wrapped his arms around my waist “Thanks mom.”
I paused then stroked his hair “Sure hon, how about we go grab a celebratory burger?” I said and he grinned and nodded.
“Lets go get your sister first.” I said as we went outside.


























21. Letting Go

Lucky POV

In loving memory of Jesse Tyler Gilbert; husband, father and friend
1974 – 2012

I crouched down and put flowers next to the tombstone that was unveiled months ago. My kids were back home and I decided to stop by here on my way to Carmen’s place. It was his birthday today, February 17th. If he were still here we would’ve been celebrating he’s 39th birthday.
“We miss you.” I whispered, standing up. It hasn’t been easy without him on either of us, but they say life goes on. Even if going on feels as hard as fighting gravity itself.
Don’t be afraid he would whisper to me and hold me whenever he haunted my dreams I love you Lucky, everything’s going to be okay.
For a moment I would believe that; that everything was okay, until morning came and he disappeared. I turned and walked out of the cemetery and got in my car. I thought back to the conversation I had with Mom before they left for Raymond a week after the funeral.

“How are you holding up?” She asked scrutinizing me; I grimaced
“I’m okay, sometimes.” I said, and she smiled sadly “I know it hurts baby girl.” She said. I swallowed the lump in my throat; I doubted she knew exactly how much it hurt. “How did you do it mom? Move on from Dad?” I asked, because I had no clue where to go from here.
She sighed, “I never moved on from your father.” She said then she paused; Mom never remarried or even dated after Dad passed. “But I couldn’t wallow in grief forever.” She added. “It was hard, but with time I found a reason to smile again, you and your siblings were that reason.” She said slightly smiling.

“Hey, come on in.” Carmen said hugging me and I stepped into her nicely decorated lounge, Carmen’s taste in décor suited her well.
“Is Kevin around?” I asked; her relationship with him has blossomed since he got rid of Celeste, she had a glow to her and I was happy for her. She shook her head
“It’s just us only, remember?” she said, “How are you?” she asked.
“I’m fine.” I said automatically, she didn’t seem convinced but she didn’t pry.
She and I talked for a while, and she told me that Kevin proposed to her.
“And I said yes.” She chimed and I genuinely smiled hugging her
“That’s great Carmen! I’m really happy for you.” I said and she said thank you. “Come on give me all the gory details, what did he say? What did you say…?” I said before she stopped me.
“That’s not the only reason why I called you over.” She said “How are you, really…and don’t you dare feed me that whole I’m fine crap.” She added.
Taken aback I averted my gaze, she sighed “I know it’s his birthday today.” She said and I looked at her then and nodded “Yeah, it is.” I said.
She paused scrutinizing me then she threw her arms up “You know what, I don’t care if you’ll resent me for this later but someone has to do it.” She said, I raised my eyebrow at her “Someone has to slap you out of this zombie state you’re in.” she added and I immediately understood what she meant.
She took a deep breath and shook her head sadly “You’re here with us, you eat you breathe, you sleep, you do all the things the rest of us do. But your dead inside my friend.” She said. I dropped my gaze, she was right, a part of me died too and I didn’t know how to fix that.
“You’re being strong and knowing how much you loved that man I commend you.” She said and my throat tightened as I looked at her.
“You’re being strong for JT, Katelyn and for everyone else; except you. You don’t have to be strong for me though…” she gripped my arms “Its okay not to be okay when you’re with me.” She added and I saw tears well up in her eyes. She was trying to tell me and show me that it was okay to cry, and I did in what seemed like a long time. I let the tears silently fall down my face.
“I’m trying.” I said taking the tissue she handed to me “That’s all I ever did since he died and I feel like I’m failing.” I said.
She shook her head “Everything you do is for your kids and you’re a great mother Lucky, never doubt that.” She said.
“They are the ones holding me together Carmen.” I said “Sometimes I wish I was in that plane with him but they couldn’t lose both their parents.” I said shaking my head sadly. I took in a shaky breath
“You want to know how I ‘am?” I said and she nodded. “Sometimes I really feel like I’m okay but sometimes it just feels like I’m hanging by a thread. I can’t think about him or even dream about him without feeling incapacitated. Its killing me…it kills me and I don’t know what to do about it.” I said and she gathered me into her arms. Holding me until I stopped crying
“You never gave yourself a chance to properly grieve and let go.” She said.
I thought I was grieving every second of everyday.
“Its only then that you’ll be able to cherish all the memories without it hurting so much. Allow yourself to grieve, don’t always be so strong.” She said and I nodded.
What she didn’t understand is that I was afraid of letting myself fall apart, afraid that I might not be able to put myself together again. She hugged me again “Things have a way of working themselves out Lucky, I know that’s cliché crap but they do.” She said repeating my own words to me. I slightly smiled, Carmen was golden; I couldn’t have asked for a better friend.


When I got home I was surprised to see that everyone had assembled in the lounge. My kids, Maria, Angie, Jason, Jeffrey, and Javier even a few of the guards.
Katelyn jumped off the sofa and came over to me grabbing my hand “Come on Mommy.” She said and I followed her to the sofa.
“Since Lucky is here, lets begin.” Maria said with a smile on her face. I looked around the room and they were all wearing smiles and cheerful expressions. I got it then; they were going to celebrate Jesse’s birthday weather he was here or not. I felt deeply moved by that gesture.
Everyone took turns wishing him a happy birthday and saying why they think he’s the best. 
“Daddy is the best cause he treats me like a princess.” Katelyn said and everyone laughed. It was sweet and comforting and somehow funny as everyone said their own praises.
“Jesse is the best because he is everything that I ever wanted and needed in a husband and the father of my children.” I said stroking JT’s hair “And he brought all of you into my life.” I added with a smile, which they all returned with a series of aww's.
After dinner I tucked Katelyn in, and went back downstairs. The mini party went on until everyone retired for the night. I went to my bedroom and got into my pajamas, I sat on my bed thinking about what Carmen said.
I finally decided to go to the one place in the estate I’ve tried to avoid by all means, Jesse’s study. I entered into it and closed the door behind me.
I could see why I’d avoided it; everything remained unchanged and I could easily visualize him. Rotating in his leather armchair with a devilish grin on his handsome face. Looking for a book in his massive shelf with his dark brow furrowed. Somehow I smiled as I made my way to his desk and opened one of the drawers. Retrieving his scrapbook, my first ever Christmas present to him.
I went back to my bedroom with it and sat on the balcony opening it up. I haven’t looked into it ever since I compiled it and handed it to him. I didn’t know if he kept adding to it, but he seemed to treat it more like a diary than a scrapbook. I smiled as I saw a picture of us taking our first dance
With this ring I thee wed the most beautiful woman in the world.  He wrote below the picture. I chuckled as a tear escaped my eye.
With every page I turned I smiled and chuckled, at our life together perfectly documented. Our honeymoon, my first ultrasound, the day we brought JT home, our holidays together, Katelyn as a newborn; All of those precious pictures and moments pasted in the book with his own little messages at the bottom. The last picture in the book was of Katelyn at her small 3rd birthday party.
Happy birthday my angel, Daddy loves you.   He wrote at the bottom. I closed the scrapbook and held it to my chest, letting myself feel everything. For once I would fill this night with him, with his memory. I took my time looking back on what has been the best 8 years of my life. I silently wept and remembered every profound moment as though it was yesterday.
“You promised.” I whispered staring at the stars that always shone brighter than the others. “You promised you’d never leave me.” 
I thought I told you I always needed you I thought wrapping my arms around my legs. He was my air; I breathed him to survive. What was I supposed to do now with oxygen only chocking the life out of me?
I silently prayed that one day the saying ‘time heals all wounds’ would actually be true for me too. I knew I could never truly be happy again, but I could find serenity. Until then I had to pick up what was left of myself and carry on. I chuckled without humor,
I wondered how I was going to make it till tomorrow, let alone the rest of my life without him. One thing I knew was that I just had to try.
I wiped my face, got up and went back in the bedroom and got under the covers. I pressed my lips to the book “Happy birthday my love.” I whispered and put it in the drawer of my nightstand.






22. Take Your Time

Lucky POV

I was hard at work when someone familiar knocked on my office door; Ryan smiled walking inside. “Hey, beautiful.” He said. I returned his smile standing up to hug him “Hey Ryan, what brings you here?” I asked; he and I have been in and out of touch for a while now.
“I’ve come to free you off the clutches of work.” He said with a grin “Let me take you to lunch.” He added.
I looked at my desk “I don’t know, I really have to get this done.” I said
He gave me a knowing look “Come on, that’s what you said the last time.” He said “I’m not taking no for an answer you know. Nor am I moving.” He added sitting on the chair by my desk. I shook my head
“Fine.” I said exasperatedly and he smiled following me out.

He took me to the same restaurant he always did whenever we hang out. They served really good food but I wondered what meaning it held to him.
“What’s with you and this restaurant?” I asked after the meal, he leaned back
“Remember that summer camp we went to in 6th grade?” he asked and I nodded.
“Well the food they serve here resembles the menu they had over there.” He said,
“Oh yeah.” I said remembering, “It was a really good menu.” I added and he nodded smiling. He scrutinized me for a while then to my surprise he reached out for my hand across the table.
I immediately withdrew it almost instinctually, he sighed “Lucky I have to tell you something.” He said.
“You didn’t kill anyone did you?” I teased hoping to lighten the tension; it unnerved me. He didn’t smile
“I’m in love with you Lucky.” He said solemnly, I stared at him shocked then I dropped my eyes “Ryan…” I said and he stopped me.
“No, just here me out.” He said quickly then he took a deep breath “You’re hurting and it breaks my heart because someone like you deserves to be happy. I can make you happy Lucky, I know I can if you let me.”
I shook my head, cursing myself for hurting him “I can’t, I don’t feel that way for you Ryan.” I said. I could never feel that way for anyone ever again, I realized that fact and accepted it.
“And part of that is because you’re still grieving for him, I understand that. But in time you’ll learn to love me too.” he persisted and I flinched. I never had to learn to love Jesse; I just did, quickly and blindly.
“That’s unfair you know. I said, and he frowned “To whom?” he asked
“To you, to the both of us.” I said, shaking my head sadly “I have nothing left to give Ryan. It would be unfair of me to enter into a relationship with you only offering a piece of myself. You deserve better than that.” I said.
He shook his head stubbornly “No…”
“Yes you do.” I cut him off “You deserve to be with a woman who will love you with all of her heart.” I said fervently and he hung his head.
“What about your heart?” he asked and I paused swallowing the lump in my throat.
“It belongs to him, weather he is here or not.” I said and he looked up “I loved Jesse with every fiber of my being. I can never love another the way I loved him…the way I still love him.” I added.
“You wouldn’t have to stop, you just have to…” he reached for my hand and I drew it back again. He exhaled in a rush “He would want you to move on you know, to find love again.” He added quietly.
My gaze shifted to the window “Yeah he would.” I said “But I’m not willing to settle for anything less than what he and I shared. You shouldn’t either.” I added looking at him again “The real love of your life is out there somewhere, I’ll just be holding you back from finding her.” I said.
He crossed his arms on the table with a defeated look on his face “So you’re just going to spent the rest of your life alone?” he asked and I flinched.
“I’m sorry.” He said quickly and I shook my head at him
“Has spending the rest of my life alone crossed my mind? More than I bother to keep count.” I said, “Does it change anything? Not even the slightest bit.” I added. He looked at me for a while then he nodded in quiet understanding and sadness.
I checked my watch “I have to go pick up my kids from school.” I said standing up, he stood up too “I’m leaving.” He said. “I’m transferring back to Virginia, I just wanted to see if there was a reason I should stay.” 
“I’m sorry I couldn’t be that reason.” I said then I hugged him “All the best, go find your happiness…for the both of us.” I added and he nodded and smiled.
“You’re going to be alright.” He said and I returned his smile
“I think so too.” I said, I wasn’t going to spend the rest of my life alone; I was part of a big and wonderful family. I said goodbye to him and walked out of the restaurant.


A small soft voice brought me out of my slumber, my eyes slowly opened to find Katelyn at the foot of the bed. I immediately sat up
“Hey honey, come here.” I said and she climbed onto the bed and sat beside me
“I can’t sleep.” She said and I stroke her hair. She nodded,
“Did you have a bad dream?” I asked and she shook her head
“I want to stay with you Mommy.” She said and I slightly smiled. I checked my clock and it was nearing midnight, she probably didn’t want to go back to sleep. I decided to humor her since it wasn’t a school night.
“You want to do something fun?” I asked and she smiled nodding excitedly. She fetched her favorite board game and we played it. I also let her play with my hair, which I quickly regret once she was done. She yawned looking sleepy
“You want to sleep in your room?” I asked and she nodded, Katelyn loved her bedroom. She I’d chosen the theme color herself.
“Alright, I’ll fetch you a glass of water okay?” I said after she told me she was thirsty. She walked out heading to her room and I went down the stairs untangling the mess she made with my hair, I raked my fingers through it smiling. The kitchen was half lit when I went to the sink pouring water into the glass. I closed the tap, “Lucky.” 
With an audible gasp, the glass in my hand fell to the floor. The sound of the glass shattering echoed around the silent room. That voice, I couldn’t have possibly imagined it, not so clearly. That voice, deep and raspy soft, I knew that voice as I knew the beat of my own heart. Jesse.
Was that it? Has grief finally pushed me over the edge? Was I finally crazy now? My body refused to turn around; it was frozen.
I slowly turned around only to jerk back and grip the counter at the sight of him a few feet away from me.
Jesse stood in our kitchen, watching me with apprehension, wonder and pain in his blue eyes. He wore a grey zip hoodie and jeans, with his hands in his pockets. He was exactly like I remembered him, devastatingly handsome and muscular; every single thing remained unchanged. My hand went to my mouth to muffle my gasp or was it a scream because I was hallucinating my dead husband. My heart rate spiked up and blood rushed to my ears.
He moved towards me and I whimpered, “Stop” I whispered and he did.
Just then Katelyn came down the stairs “Mommy?” More of a reflex than anything my head snapped to the side, and I saw her stop dead looking at Jesse.
“Daddy?” she asked and my gaze went back to where he was still standing. He was looking back at Katelyn, he crouched down and she ran into his arms crying.
“Daddy? Is that you?” she asked sobbing on his shoulder and he held her tight
“Yes, my angel it’s me.” he said looking up at me.
I watched the whole scene incredulously then it hit me. Katelyn saw him too; we both couldn’t possibly be hallucinating, could we?
That’s impossible I thought; people did not just rise from the dead no matter how badly you want them to. He comforted Katelyn keeping his eyes on me. Those intensely beautiful blue eyes that always made me feel loved and safe. Those blue eyes couldn’t possibly belong to my husband; I watched his coffin get lowered to the ground. I snapped out of my frozen state
“Katelyn, come lets go.” I said sternly and Jesse let her go
“But Mommy, its Daddy.” She moaned “Now Katelyn.” I said and she turned back to him “Daddy don’t go.” She pleaded.
“I’ll be right here my angel, go to bed.” He said and she came into my arms.
I went up the stairs without looking back to see if he was still there.


















23. Wait For The Morning

Lucky POV

After putting a happy Katelyn to bed I reluctantly walked back to the master bedroom, afraid of finding him there. But also afraid of not finding him there, what was the implication of either scenario? Did I need to be hospitalized or did Jesse miraculously come back?
I walked in and closed the door behind me, the room was empty then I glanced towards the open balcony door. I didn’t remember going in there. I went into it, it was darker with the lights off, and I put my hands on the railing. I closed my eyes taking a deep breath as the night breeze washed over me. 
“I swear you get more beautiful each day.” I faintly screamed turning around and Jesse stood up from the chair on the corner.
“I’m sorry I keep startling you.” He said, walking towards me; with every step he took towards me I took one back, until the balcony no longer allowed. He stopped. “Lucky its me.” he said and I shook my head
“It can’t be.” I whispered, “You died, I buried you.” I added my voice breaking.
“I’m sorry about everything little one.” He said sadness deep in his eyes and voice. I bit back my tears
“No, I’m the one who’s sorry.” I said looking into the night “I’m sorry that I had to spend all this time thinking I’d lost you forever. I’m sorry that our kids had to come to terms with the fact that their Daddy is never coming back.”
I turned my gaze back to him “What are you sorry for huh?”
He paused watching me then he reached out and I backed away “Please don’t touch me.” I whispered helplessly.
“Why...?” he asked in a tortured voice
“Because…it hurts.” I said, my tears coming down my face, remembering the many times he touched me and kissed me in my dreams. Only to realize that exactly what they were, dreams.  “It hurts so bad Tyler. Do you know how many nights I spent just wishing I could feel your touch one more time.” I added. I dropped my gaze
“God why am I not waking up?” I moaned; I was just about sure this same situation. My mind was back to its old tricks only this time it was playing the cruelest one. The prospect of Jesse being alive against all odds was exactly what I needed, and when I woke up and realized it was just a dream it would be like a dagger to my heart.
“No Lucky, you’re not dreaming love. You’re awake.” He said holding out his hand “Touch me, I’m really here with you.” He added; I looked at him intently, like if I blinked he'd disappear again.
Very slowly I raised my own hand and gasped as I placed it in his, felt the familiar electric surge we got whenever we touched. I got closer, moving my hand up his muscular arm; he was right I couldn’t possibly be dreaming this.
“You’re here.” I whispered, my hand moving to his shoulder and neck “You’re alive.” I said smiling as fresh tears came down my face.
“Yes, I’m here, I’m alive.” He said smiling too and my knees couldn’t support me anymore. He caught me in a bear hug and I wrapped and arms and legs around him. I buried my face in his neck, weeping and for once some of the tears were of joy, Jesse was alive…my Jesse was alive.
He sat back on the chair with me in his arms, cradling me to him as I silently cried like I never had before. Shedding all the tears I’ve kept bottled up inside me for the past year and a half. He tenderly stroked my hair, my cheek, arms, back, whispering sweet and comforting words.
We stayed in our embrace even when I stopped crying, I didn’t even want to spoil it with words and questions. I didn't care about anything else but that moment. After what seemed to me like an eternity without him, he was here holding me, that's all that mattered. His body still felt as hard and warm as I remembered, his scent still as potent and intoxicating. 
I fought the sleepiness; I didn’t want to close my eyes, fearing that he’d poof into thin air. I wanted to savor being in his arms forever.


My eyes fluttered open, and I shifted in bed; bed? I looked to my other side and it was vacant. I quickly sat up, the sleepy haze I was in vanishing. I don’t even remember ever climbing in bed. I frantically looked around the expansive and beautifully decorated room; Jesse was nowhere to be found. I clearly remember being in his arms, I don’t remember falling asleep either. I squished the dread that washed over me, starting to feel sick.
“Jesse?” I asked, no answer. I quickly got off the bed and the balcony door was closed. I almost ran to the bathroom and there was nobody there either.
I walked back out with shaky legs, there was no use checking the closet. If he were in there he would’ve heard me calling. I could look around the entire estate like a crazy person, but I'd be deluding myself.
There was no use prolonging the inevitable reality, last night was a dream; I dreamt the whole thing. It wouldn’t be an entirely new thing to me but everything felt so real, he felt so real. I didn’t even want to make it back to bed; I curled into a fetal position on the floor. Unlike the many mornings after a dream about him, I didn’t hold back my tears.
I sobbed with my flushed cheek resting on the cold tile; I thought I could do this. I thought I was strong enough but I’m not; I can’t live like this. I can’t live without him.
I clutched at my chest, as my breath came in gasps. For once I just wished my heart would stop beating just so I couldn’t endure anymore of this.
I heard my door open; I looked up to see a horrified Jesse staring at me before he put a tray of food on the small table by the door rushing towards me. “Lucky? Are you okay?” he asked frantically and I reached out and touched him “Jesse?” I asked; it wasn’t a dream?
He looked at me for a while then he scooped me into his arms carrying me back to the bed. He watched me with worried eyes wiping my tears with his fingers,
“My God Lucky you scared me, what’s wrong?” he asked.
“I woke up and you were gone…I…I thought you were…I thought I was…” I chocked out and realization dawned his expression as he hugged me tightly. I clung to him wondering when this flood of tears was going to stop. He must think I’ve lost it for sure, maybe I have. He slowly let me go
“I’m so sorry little one, I thought I could get breakfast before you woke up.” He said stroking my cheek with a tortured look in his eyes “Please stop crying my love.” He softly beseeched.
“I’m s–s-sorry.” I said and hiccupped; he shook his head 
“No, don’t apologize…I know this is hard for you and I don’t know what to do, tell me what to do little one…” He said sadly.
I grabbed the back of his neck pulling myself onto him. “Make love to me.” I whispered. Ignoring the fact that I looked and felt anything but desirable. He was taken aback for a moment looking a little reluctant but his gaze darkened with desire, betraying his reluctance. “Lucky…” He began
“Please.” I quietly begged, “I need you, I need to feel you.” 
I needed him to love me like I never needed anything before in my life. I needed to feel his warm touch, his love, I’d been so frozen and lost without it.
I watched his resolve cave in as he so gently pushed my hair back and pressed his lips to mine. I thought the kiss he gave me on the driveway was my last, and feeling his lips against mine right now was pure euphoria. He kissed me with gentle passion, which quickly shifted into a more demanding soul searching kiss. I parted my lips to let him in. I moaned as his tongue explored every corner of mine, stroking and caressing. His kisses moved to my jawline and down my throat as I lifted his shirt off. He was still as breathtaking as I remembered; my hand traced the tattoo of me on his upper back. He swiftly undid my pajama top and laid me on my back. He resumed our kisses and he took off the rest of my clothing.
His hands and lips grazed every square-inch of my body leaving behind pleasurable sensations that took me over the edge and back. He made achingly sweet and slow love to me, every thrust was intense and deep. I felt each one to the very tip of the hairs on my nape. Making my every nerve in my body come alive with powerful and relentless pleasure. He made me climax until I thought I couldn’t take anymore, and then he’d do it over again and again. Making my toes curl until they felt numb. He took as much from my body as he gave, which is what I always loved about him. I don’t know how or when we stopped but we did, he slightly fell on top of me as we both panted. I tightened my hold on him, welcoming his weight. He rolled onto his back bringing me with him and I laid my head on his shoulder. We stayed like that until we were both breathing normally. I would've liked to make love to him all day, I still wanted him even after that but I felt sleepiness overwhelm me. “I love you.” I said closing my eyes; feeling like heaven was once again within my reach.




















24. Choices

Jesse POV

“I love you.” She murmured then she closed her eyes and fell back asleep; I kissed her forehead “I love you too, so much.” I whispered gently running my hand across her flushed cheek. I pulled the coverlet over her stunning bare body, breathing in her lovely scent. She was a beautiful angel who doesn't deserve the misery she's faced. I felt a sharp pang of guilt; what amount of pain did I cause her? What did she go through in my absence?
When I watched her come down the stairs smiling last night I was glad to see that she still had one of those on her face. But in the balcony I saw all the pain and suffering she’d been in, she was still in. I held her until she cried herself to sleep and even then I still didn’t fully grasp just how much she’d endured. Until I found her crying on the floor, I flinched at the memory.
I have seen Lucky happy, I’ve seen her angry, sad and vulnerable but in that moment she looked…broken. Like she didn’t even want to live to see the next minute, and I was the reason.
When she asked me to make love to her I hesitated. She looked so fragile, as if one abrupt contact would crush her into a million shiny pieces. But seeing her plead like that pulled at my heartstrings and I understood how she felt too.
Being away from her wasn’t exactly a walk in the park for me either. Sometimes I felt like my flesh was tearing and that just the feel of her soft skin would restore me. Sometimes it felt as though my brain was burning and that just the sight of her would put out the blazing fire. But at leased I knew she was alive and safe, an extent of comfort she didn’t have. So I laid her on her back and gave her what we both needed.
Now I was here and I didn’t know where to begin fixing the mess I’ve created. If I could fix it, “I’m sorry.” I whispered to her sleeping form.
Careful not to wake her, I got up and went into the bathroom and took a long shower. After getting dressed glanced at the untouched tray I brought for Lucky, I didn’t want to leave her again in case she wakes up. 
A knock came on the door and I got up off the chair, I opened the door to find a wide-eyed Maria staring at me. I quickly covered her mouth before she could scream and closed the door behind me. I motioned for not to scream because Lucky was sleeping. She nodded still wide-eyed and I dropped my hand and led her back downstairs.
“Jesse?” she asked incredulously when we got to the lounge, I immediately hugged her “Yes, its me Maria.” I said, she cupped my face in her hands
“Oh my God.” She chocked out, hugging me again. “But how?”
“It’s a long story.” I said sitting down on the sofa “Not exactly a pleasant one. Why were you knocking on our door?” I asked; Maria never did that before.
“I was checking on Lucky, she’s normally out of there by 7am.” She said and I raised my eyebrows at her “Lucky always sleeps in on the weekends.”
She shifted her gaze “Things change.” She said quietly. I didn’t miss the double meaning in her words, I took a deep breath “How were they?” I asked.
She shot me a ‘are you sure you want to know’ look “Please.” I added and she sighed and sat down too.
“Katelyn missed you.” She said “But JT took it the hardest, he didn’t talk much for some time. But his mood depended on what everyone else around him were feeling most of the time.” She added.
“And Melissa?” I asked, she paused eyeing me reluctantly “Tell me, and don’t hold anything back.” I added, she better not be doing it for my benefit.
“After she found out about the crash she didn’t eat or sleep, I think she was waiting for you to come around.” She said sadly. I listened silently while my insides hurt with every breath I took.
“After the news of your death she was distraught, like she couldn’t believe everything that was happening around her. Most of her focus was on the kids apart from that she was living in her own world. Not quite showing normal signs of grieving but that could’ve been due to denial.” She said then she shook her head sadly. She looked like she was fighting back tears
“Its only after the funeral did she snap out of it…She cried and screamed, throwing everything she could touch. When I finally stopped her she couldn’t stop saying ‘he’s gone’.” She said dropping her gaze.
I closed my eyes running my hands through my hair “Things got better though, right?” I asked, I clearly remember the smile she had last night.
“Depends on what your definition of better is.” She said, “It seemed that way, she pulled herself together, too quickly, too perfectly. I had no doubt that she only did so for your kids’ sake.” She said her eyes miles away.
“They were her sole purpose, I think they were the reason she even bothered with life…with living.” She said and I flinched.
I would follow you anywhere, even if its six-feet under. I remembered her words. Was Maria saying if it wasn’t for JT and Katelyn she would’ve taken her own life? I took a sharp breath.
“Things did get better in the sense that I never saw her cry since, but she rarely ever smiled or laughed. To the rest of the world she would seem okay, but the ones who really knew her could see the anguish in her eyes.” She said, “So profound and constant, it broke my heart.” She added, her voice breaking. My face fell into my hands. It hurts so bad Tyler. Lucky was a very strong woman; it’s only the loss of a loved one that can tear her apart. I knew that,

“No.” I said standing up “There has to be another way.” I added desperately, Bill’s eyes narrowed with concern “There isn’t and you know that.” He said then he took a deep breath. “Its you they’re after, if they think you’re out of the picture they’ll leave them alone.” He added. I put my hands on the table shaking my head, thinking about all the pain this will cause.
“Do you have any idea what this will do to her? To my whole family?” I said with a strained voice and he nodded stiffly.
“But you have to make a choice Jesse.” He said, “This is for their safety.”

“Jesse?” I looked up at Maria “Its your turn to talk now. What on God’s green earth happened?” she asked
“That’s what I’d like to know.” Lucky said walking towards us. She wore a dark blue dress with her shiny silky tresses brushed across her shoulders. She looked so different from the broken Lucky I found on the floor, not just by appearance but her demeanor as well. I wondered if this was the ‘pulled together’ Lucky Maria was just talking about, expressionless and deathly gorgeous.
She sat on the single couch across from me, crossing her long legs, my gaze lifted to hers and we just stared at each other for a moment. Our earlier passion lingering between us like a catchy melody,
“I can see this hasn’t changed.” Maria said; with tease in her voice but neither of us laughed nor did we look away from each other. Lucky also didn’t blush, something she always did whenever someone made a suggestive comment about us.
Maria knew that and she was hoping to lighten the mood.
“Tell us the truth.” Lucky said solemnly “From very the beginning.”
My gaze shifted to my hands and I nodded “Remember the day you asked me of Bradley’s whereabouts?” I asked and she nodded after a pause. “He didn’t leave, he was hospitalized.” I said blankly and she gasped.
“But how, what happened to him?” she asked,
“He was attacked and he was outnumbered, he was able to defeat them but sustained serious injuries.” I said grimly “Nothing fatal, he’s fine now.”
She shook her head slightly “Why though? Who attacked him? What did they want?” she asked and I paused
“The attackers were sent by Chuck, we later learned he was working with Frank too.” I said watching her eyes grow wide.
“They wanted me, its me they were after.” She whispered knowingly, it wasn’t a question but I nodded “Oh my God Jesse, I was with Katelyn.” She added distraughtly.
I remembered actually feeling raw fear that day; I never did before no matter the situation. I came dangerously close to losing them both. It was then that I decided to go along with Bill’s plan, nothing was more important than their safety.
“Frank escaped prison again?” Maria asked incredulously, Lucky’s expression was still horror-stricken.
“No, but he was planning to. He was working with someone in the agency, that’s why he was able to escape the first time.” I said. I Remembered wanting to kill the bastard with my bare hands when he refused to confess more information.
“He is the one who told us Chuck and Frank’s plan.” I added still watching Lucky.
Her gaze snapped back to me “What was their plan?”
“They wanted me dead.” I said and she flinched. “They knew that if they captured you that I’d do what they wanted, be where they wanted me.” I added.
“They were never going to stop. They were going to keep playing the cat and mouse game with you and the kids.” I said shaking my head in disgust “Giving them what they wanted was the only way I could lure them away from you.”
“When their first plan didn’t work they cooked up another.” I said “Their spy told us they had planted a bomb in my jet, they were trying their luck but if that didn’t work they had plan B…”
“New York.” Lucky said blankly and I nodded.
“Nothing was done about the bomb?” Maria asked her tone worried 
I shook my head “We didn’t want to tip them off that we knew of their plans, so we went along with it.”
“Where were you when it crashed?” Lucky asked rubbing her forehead
“I was never in the jet, the CIA got a stunt double to pose as me so there was no doubt I was in when it went off. Everyone got out before the explosion…”
“So there would be evidence that it did indeed crash.” She finished for me.
“What happened afterwards?” Maria asked
“We laid low, ensuring that everyone believed the story and that no one questioned too intensely. Chuck and Frank had to believe that everything went according to plan, the crash, even their spy was useful in reassuring them.” I said.
“And you?” Lucky asked.
“I waited before going after them, the element of surprise worked to my advantage. I made sure those two bastards never taint the air again.” I said with quiet ire. I made sure they knew it was me who signed their death warrant; I refused to let them go to prison. It was too easy a punishment for all the destruction they’ve caused in our lives.
“They’re dead?” Lucky asked her eyes wide; I nodded.
“I didn’t trust them not to come after you or the kids again too, even if they thought I was dead.” I said. There was a long pause, as Lucky processed the information, a flurry of emotions played across her eyes. Anger, pain, confusion, fear…
“Why weren’t we told? Why wasn’t I told of this plan? Surely…” she trailed off then she nodded sadly to herself. “The grief had to look real.” She whispered, and Maria rubbed at her forehead in exasperation.
“The evidence, the spy, and me. I was reassurance too.” Lucky added quietly to herself then she dropped her gaze. For a moment I saw the broken Lucky from the morning. “I need some air.” She said her voice wiped clean of emotion then she stood up and went out the back without sparing me another glance. 
I stood up too “Don’t. Sit down Tyler.” Maria said in a stern and slightly angry tone. “Leave her be for now, this is all too much to take in.” she reasoned, knowing she was right I sat back down.
“She’s angry with me.” I said
“I ‘am angry with you for her.” she said then she sighed standing up “You did everything with them in mind but…” she stopped and I raised my eyebrow at her. She turned “Just give her some time.” She added then she went up the stairs.
My face dropped back into my hands, what was she about to say?
But this time I went too far? But this time I pushed Lucky beyond her own limits?
Somehow I always knew that one day my dark and dangerous world would send her running from me. 
Was today that dreadful day that she decides this is too much to handle? That she doesn’t need this in her life? That she doesn’t need all the pain and sacrifices that comes with being with me?
I know she loves me, but they say love alone isn’t always enough sometimes.
What would I do if she did decide to run? If she decided she deserved better. I knew she did, but it would kill me to lose her.
We have a bond stronger than love and marriage now, she once said. She would never leave JT and Katelyn behind, would she run with them? Take my heart and my children with her. Surely that was a fitting punishment.
I groaned as my mind continued to torment me, I stood up unable to take anymore.







25. Decisions

Lucky POV

I sat on the edge of the fountain in the garden, watching the water cascade from the tri-level beautifully carved marble. It gave off an air of peace and tranquility, a state I was far from being. I slowly peeled off red tulip petals into the water, watching them flow down.
I didn’t know how to feel with what Jesse just told me, all this time he was alive all along. I didn’t know weather to be happy and grateful that he’s alive and safe, or angry that he took himself away from me. I’d told him that my safety means nothing if I didn’t get to be with him.
But it wasn’t just my safety in the equation; it was JT and Katelyn’s too. I shuddered at the thought of those psychopaths coming after my kids. I understood to an extent why Jesse felt the need to do this; I would willingly risk my safety but not my children’s. I dipped my hand into the water sighing, Chuck and Frank are gone now but we will never truly be safe. Not while he is still an agent, there would always be people who would see him as a potential threat. It might have been easier to do this when a family wasn’t in the picture. Now he has a wife and children whom make him vulnerable, and because of that we would be easy targets. I can’t live without him, but I can’t live in fear of losing him or my kids. What was I going to do now, give him an ultimatum? Make him choose? I never wanted that. I continued to peel until only two petals remained
“He loves you.” I looked up to see Jesse a few feet away from me; I didn’t hear him approaching. I realized what I was doing and understood his statement.
“I wasn’t…” I stopped when he shook his head,
“You look angry.” He said and turned my gaze back to the water “Do I?” I said; was that how I looked from the outside? Because on the inside I was feeling more than one emotion, he paused.
“When you say you waited, where were you?” I asked, when my life fell apart I thought.
“The agency disputed me staying in the country so I went to Ireland. I had a disguise, a new identity…”
“A new life?” I interrupted, looking at him and his eyes tightened
“I never had a life outside of you and our kids. There wasn’t a second that went by that I didn’t think of you.” He said fervently, I swallowed the lump in my throat. 
“Is it safe to come closer?” he asked, an intended joke but humor was nowhere in his eyes or voice. I shrugged standing up
“I might kill you.” I said, “I’ll take my chances.” He said walking towards me.
He stopped in front of me, he stroked my cheek with sad eyes; I held his wrist “Maria told me. I can’t tell you how sorry I ‘am for everything you went through” he said quietly.
My gaze shifted, I heard the conversation he had with Maria. She was not that far off from the truth but what I experienced was tenfold what she and everyone else fathomed. I removed his hand gently
“I can’t do this anymore Jesse…I can’t keep losing you and getting you back, only to lose you over again…” I said watching him exhale in a rush. “There’s only so much I can take.” I added sadly.
I watched him kneel in front of me keeping his arms around my waist, he leaned his forehead against my abdomen.
“I know what you’re going to say. Don’t.” He quietly beseeched,
“What am I going to say?” I whispered, stroking his black hair and puzzled by his reaction. It hit me then and my eyes widened; he thought I was leaving him. He was on his knees begging me to stay. “God no my love, get up please.” I said, he did reluctantly and I hugged him. He caught me in his arms in a bear hug “Has Ireland driven you crazy?” I asked nuzzling my cheek against his. How could he think I would ever leave him? Needing him as much as I do?
“Probably.” He said and I felt him inhale my hair  “I can’t lose you little one…”
“Shh, you’re not losing me. Ever.” I said. I cupped his face in my hands and kissed him “You’re the love of my life and the father of my children, I can’t leave you.” I whispered against him. After a while I let go and he put me down “Can’t or won’t?” he asked playing with my ring.
“Both…” I said quickly then paused “But?” He said my unspoken thought; he knew me all too well. “Please tell me.” He said stroking my cheek “I’ll do anything.” He added and I slightly smiled “I know” I said. I took a deep breath “We’re safe, for now. But as long as you’re still an agent danger will always lurk. I need you here with me Jesse, JT and Katelyn need you too. I really don’t want to put you in this position…”
“It’s done.” He said quickly and I paused shocked “What?” I asked
“I told Bill that after I clean up this mess, I’m done for good.” He said.
“Just like that, didn’t he protest?” I asked and he chuckled
“He did, but he understands my reasons.” He said, “There’s nothing more important than being with you and my kids.” He added softly, embracing me again.
“I love you, thank you.” I whispered; he chuckled
“If my memory serves me well, I remember saying there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you.” He said, kissing my brow. I smiled
“I recall you saying that.” I added. He paused “I’m so sorry” he said and I sighed
“You really need to stop that.” I said then I grinned “Besides you have the rest of your life to make it up to me. And if my memory serves me right you’re very good in that aspect.” I added and he smiled. He planted sweet kisses all over my face and I giggled in pure delight.
“I’ll try my hardest Mrs. Gilbert.” He said.
Just then JT came running into the garden, he stopped looked back and forth between Jesse and me. Then his wide eyes fixed on Jesse, I was guessing Katelyn told him and by the look on his face he didn’t believe her.
“Dad?” he asked, a strange emotion played across Jesse’s features than he half smiled “Hey buddy.” He said taking a step forward. He spread his arms and JT came into them. Jesse picked him up embracing JT as he silently cried; I stood there watching the heartfelt moment. Wondering where on earth we found the strength to attempt to life without Jesse in it.
JT looked over his shoulder at me; I understood the unspoken question in his eyes ‘Is it really him?’
I nodded, swallowing back my own emotions. The slight smile he had made my heart ache. “You’ve been taking care of your Mom for me?” Jesse asked when he put him down and wiped his tears, JT nodded and I smiled.
“That’s my boy.” He replied rubbing JT’s hair
“I missed you Dad.” He said and Jesse gathered him into his arms again
“I missed you too buddy.”


Our family and friends as well as the rest of the world was shocked at Jesse’s resurrection. Only a few of our friends and family could know the whole truth. To the public its known to be a case of mistaken identity, and the unit responsible for investigation of the accident publically ‘apologized’ to the family. The CIA thought out their plan very well, they knew how to cover their tracks, and they made sure no one questioned too intensely.
Jesse apparently returned months after the news of his death and he was spending all this time at his island recovering from the accident, with the secret knowledge of the family. That was the story given to the press and it seemed to slow down some speculations and media scrutiny.
A couple of weeks later everything went a little back to normal, both Jesse and I went back to work.
Despite the commotion surrounding us, in the confines of the estate its like nothing ever happened. Its like he never left, like there was never any heartbreak and grief. Like it was all just a bad dream.
































26. Gathering

Lucky POV

“Set up a meeting with the rest of the team, this campaign has to be perfect when we present it to the board.” I said to Abby who nodded and typed on her laptop.
“Alright, anything else?” she asked and I quickly checked my diary,
“No, that’s all.” I said and she stood up.
“When are you flying out?” she asked as she closed her computer
“The day after tomorrow.” I said with a little excitement.
Carmen and Kevin set a date for their wedding, which will be held at her hometown of San Francisco. She asked me to be the maid of honor and I happily accepted. I was supposed to meet her in an hour; Ally, Mandy and myself were going to help her pick out her dress.
I checked my watch debating weather to send Jeffrey to pick up the kids or do it myself before I go.
“You’re going to be there right?” I asked Abby and she nodded.
“I wouldn’t miss seeing Carmen in white for anything.” She chuckled walking away and I smiled.
10 minutes later a knock came on the door and I looked up to see Jesse enter with a grin on his handsome face. Thrilled I stood up to hug him
“Its suddenly a very good day.” I murmured then he chuckled kissing me. I couldn’t help the butterflies that went crazy in my stomach whenever he kissed me senseless, which was all the time.
“Glad to be of service.” He said, “Though next time I’ll know not to just barge in and demand to see the head of Marketing.”
I laughed “Oh God, how long did it take them to recognize you?” I asked
“6 seconds” he said chuckling.
“Welcome to my world.” I said, “I ‘am a bit jealous though, I could’ve used your skills at G-Industries.” He added.
I loved working at Berkshire Hathaway and my boss was a jewel, sometimes. But working for Jesse wasn’t going to work out for me, for either of us. We both weren’t strong enough to draw the line between employer and employee from husband and wife madly in love. I thought back to the day we christened his office, when we made passionate love on his desk with the view of LA beneath us. I slightly shivered then I leaned against my desk for support, raising my eyebrow at him “You already have me for a wife, you want me as your employee too? How much more of me do you want?” I asked playfully.
“All of you.” He said with a dark lazy smirk
“Nice try hotshot, I’m not going anywhere.” I said then he paused cocking his head to the side “…and no you can’t buy me off either.” I added knowing very well what he was thinking.
“I call it negotiating.” He said, “Besides I have other means of persuasion.” He said thickly, getting closer to me, I held up my hand. 
“No, stay right where you are mister.” I said, knowing very well that his ‘other means’ were very effective, and that this was not the place to implement them.
He laughed “Coward” he teased and I rolled my eyes at him
“You left work early just to come seduce me into quitting my job?” I asked and he smiled.
“No actually, I came to deliver these.” He said revealing a bunch of red tulips from behind his back; I smiled, I didn’t even realize he was hiding his left hand all this time.
“Aw, you did it personally this time.” I said smelling them, he watched me intently as I grabbed the vase, carefully placing the flowers inside. I looked at them rubbing my thumb against the soft petals, I felt Jesse hug me from behind and I smiled.
“What’s the deal with these flowers? What do they mean?” I asked
“They symbolize undying love.” He said, his lips brushing against my nape. “Whenever you look at them, remember my love. Remember that it will never waver, that it will keep you safe and happy.” He whispered. 
I swallowed the lump in my throat, I knew that they had a special meaning but I never thought it to be so literal and raw. 
For some time I thought his love was lost to me forever, unable to see the little signs that it was with me the whole time. That he was with me the whole time.
I bit back my tears “How’s your best man speech coming along” I asked, hoping to distract him from my emotional response.
We’ve had enough drama in our lives to last us a whole lifetime, there was no need for more. He paused then he gently turned me around, his gaze unyielding on my face. He stroked my cheek
“What’s wrong?” he asked softly
I chuckled without humor “That’s the thing, nothing is wrong. Everything is exactly how it should be, how I want it to be.” I said, “I never want that to change.” I whispered.
He smiled in understanding “We are meant to be together, I’m pretty sure even in the next couple of lifetimes.” He said wiping a tear that escaped me. I smiled and chuckled shakily at his theory
He sobered up “Life is without guarantees little one, but I don’t see why we can’t make this last forever.” He said, tracing the contours of my smile. Meaning our happiness, and our love. I grinned wrapping my arms around him,
“I love you.” I said fervently and he squeezed me to him. I leaned back a little
“I’m sure your speech will be fantastic, you have a way with words.” I said and he chuckled letting me go.
I checked my time “I have a negotiation of my own.” I grabbed my bag “I have to meet Carmen and your cousins in 30 minutes. And your kids need to be picked up.” I said.
“So you do that and I’ll go have fun with my girlfriends.” I added holding out my hand; he playfully frowned.
“No fair.” He said and I chuckled
“Well you couldn’t keep your hands off me so I obliged you with children.” I teased and he laughed reaching into his pocket. He placed the keys to his Ferrari in my hand and I gave him ones to the Maybach. I stood on my tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek, I grabbed my jacket and he followed me out.

“I like that one” Carmen said pointing at the dress in the far corner of the boutique. I nodded, she tried on a couple of dresses, and they were all beautiful just not for her. “Yeah, try it out?” Ally suggested.
Carmen went to the dressing rooms and Mandy came to me carrying a beautiful peach colored dress. That was the theme color for her wedding.
Both her and Kevin decided not to have any bridesmaids or groomsmen. I held the dress looking at it in awe, its high waistline was diamante embellished. The neckline was square coupled with wide set straps and a brocade bodice. And it had a simple flowing satin skirt.
“Carmen hand picked this one for you.” Mandy added and I smiled
“I love it.” I said, Carmen walked back out and my mouth dropped. Her dress was an A-line shaped strapless stunner of a dress; she smiled and curtseyed.
“Wow, my friend you look perfect.” I said and the girls nodded in agreement.
“Its awesome, I’m taking it.” She said twirling, then she looked at me “What do you think about your dress?” she asked.
I chuckled “Do you even have to ask?” I said walking to the dressing rooms. I came back out to find Carmen trying out shoes. She looked up at me and smiled shaking her head “Maybe I should reconsider sharing the aisle with you Mel, you look amazing.” She said.
I snorted “You’re not technically sharing it with me, besides I pale next to that.” I said waving my hand at her attire. She looked amazing; she chuckled
“And this is for little Katelyn.” Ally said carrying the cutest little dress I’ve ever seen “I wanted Katelyn to be my flower girl, you don’t mind do you?” Carmen asked and I laughed. “I don’t have a say, she’d be mad at me for days if I denied her this.” I said they all joined me. 
Carmen and I went to a nearby café after saying goodbye to the girls
“I love seeing you this way.” She said “happy.” She added; I smiled sheepishly.
“I can’t complain.” I said and she chuckled then I looked passed her shoulder absently, “Though I can’t help but think something bad I bound to happen…”
“But nothing, that’s just your usual paranoia talking.” She said and I looked at her nodded raising my hands in defeat. She’s right.
“When are you leaving?” I asked “Tonight, you?” she asked
“Tomorrow, that’s if Jesse didn’t forget to book our tickets.” I said smiling inwardly; I doubt he still remembers you need tickets to fly. 
“Speaking of, I have to go get ready.” She said standing up “I’ll see you there.”
“Alright girl.” I said hugging her.

I got home to find Jesse and the kids playing twister and Angie was instructing them. I smiled, as I walked in watching them try to keep their balance.
“Lucky, right foot to B1, left hand to C3.” Angie said and I shook my head chuckling “Oh no, I’m not getting in there.” I said
“Come on Mom.” JT said
“Yes love, don’t be a spoilsport.” Jesse added and I rolled my eyes at them, sitting on the couch. Katelyn lost her balance and fell down, taking the rest of them down with her.
“Aww Katelyn!” JT whined, I laughed watching Katelyn stick her tongue at him and run to me. I caught her, sitting her on my lap; I stroked her hair, which was identical to mine. Jesse sat down next to me then Katelyn reached out for his face and Jesse playfully bit her small fingers. She withdrew her hand giggling. 
“Did you book our tickets?” I asked him and he looked at me.
“Sure. Our flight leaves at noon.” He said and his mouth curved into a ghost of a smile as if enjoying a private joke. I eyed him speculatively,
“What are you up to?” I asked and he held up his hands “Nothing love.” He said, standing up. He started walking away and JT followed him
“Are you guys hungry?” I asked.
“Yeah, please make our favorite Mom.” JT called out from the staircase.
“I’ll help you.” Angie said after putting the twister game away “Can I help too Mommy?” Katelyn asked and I smiled at her nodding.


27. Gift

Jesse POV

I walked back out of the closet, fixing the collar of my shirt. I looked towards the bed where Lucky was still blissfully asleep. I smiled at the sight, and walked towards her. I slowly sat on the edge of the bed never looking away from her.
She’s magnificent I thought to myself how blessed I ‘am that she’s in my life.
I slowly took in her beautiful features, relaxed in sleep. I gently removed some of her hair away from her face. Her eyebrows slightly twitched and a quiet sigh of delight escaped her, I guessed she was dreaming. My gaze moved to her flushed cheeks and lips then to the slow rise and fall of her chest.
She suddenly took a deep breath then a smile played on the corners of her lips. Her thick lashes fluttered and she opened her eyes. Her smile grew when her gaze settled on me.
“Morning.” I said returning her smile; she shifted and sat up.
“Hi.” She said lazily, “Were you dreaming about me?” I asked kissing her forehead and she chuckled “Isn’t it obvious?”
“It is.” I teased and she laughed then studied my appearance
“You’re ready so soon?” she asked and I nodded. We were flying to San Francisco today for Kevin and Carmen’s wedding, which was this weekend.
She shook her head “You’re such a morning person.” She said “And you are not.” I added quickly, she playfully pouted, “No kidding.”
“I love how you look in the morning though.” I said, “You look like a very beautiful cavewoman.” I added and stifled a laugh when gasped in outrage.
“I resent that. Shut up and go make sure your kids are ready too, caveman.” She said and chuckled at my expression.
“Are you ordering me around?” I asked and she stubbornly raised her chin “Yeah, I ‘am, you have a problem with that?” she asked and I smiled deviously
“As a matter of fact…” I jumped onto the bed and began tickling her, she laughed and faintly screamed “Jesse please!” she said in between giggles
“You know how I get when you get cheeky with me love.” I said; she writhed trying to get away “You called me a cavewoman!”
“A beautiful one.” I said making sure she’s pinned “And that’s supposed to make a difference?” she said then she screamed when I tickled her more.
“That’s not an apology.” I said “Okay! Okay, sorry oh great Alpha.” She said and I chuckled at her childlike defiance. Taking advantage of my momentary distraction she pushed my arms away and wrapped her arms around my neck. Pushing her weight upwards so she could roll me onto my back. She swiftly got on top of me with her forearm pinning my neck down. I chuckled because she perfectly executed a self-defense trick I taught her years ago.
“You still remember.” I said and she smirked, “How do you like me now caveman?” she said, I flashed her a brilliant smile “You’re amazing” I said. She blushed pushing her hair behind her ear, her eyes lit up a little. I turned the tables on her and she was beneath me again. She groaned
“You forgot one thing love.” I said, “Don’t lose focus.” She mumbled along with me.
“But you know that wouldn’t have worked if wasn’t so in love with you.” She said and I chuckled. “All is fair.” I said.
Just then JT and Katelyn came running into the bedroom declaring a pillow fight, they both jumped onto the bed and began hitting Lucky and I. “Uh kids…” she said trying to shield herself, I took a pillow and hit her with it.
She glared at me “Oh you’re so dead for that.” She said attacking me too. 

I started the Maybach while Lucky said goodbye to Maria and Angela
“Take as many pictures you can and email them to me okay?” Angela said and Lucky smiled “Of course.” She said.
“You kids be good while I’m gone.” Maria said to the kids, JT laughed “Okay Aunt Maria.” He said out the window. Lucky got in the car and I drove away after waving at them. We arrived at LAX in no time,
“And the rehearsal dinner is tomorrow night.” Lucky reminded me, “Where?” I asked. She cocked her head to the side “I don’t know and neither does the bride. What’s Kevin planning?” she asked, I smiled and shrugged “Your guess is as good as mine.” I said, she snorted. “That’s a nice way of saying ‘I don’t want to tell you love, because you might blab to Carmen about it’.” She said and I chuckled.
I turned into the airport’s tarmac “Where are you going, shouldn’t we be going to our terminal?” she asked
“You’ll see.” I said, and a few minutes later I parked the car a yard away from the new jet, Lucky’s mouth dropped as she looked at it. “Tell me that’s not yours.” She murmured; I chuckled getting out of the car. I opened the door for her,
JT and Katelyn came out of the car “Whoa, rock on Dad.” JT said looking at it too.
I picked Katelyn up “Know who that is?” I asked pointing to her name on the fuselage of the jet. She let out a small gasp “Daddy that’s me!” she squealed.
“Not digging on the name but the stripes are awesome.” JT said and Lucky chuckled slapping the back of his head “Ouch” he said laughing and started walking towards it. I put Katelyn down “Is it mine Daddy?” she asked and I smiled at her “Yes its yours my angel.” I said and she screamed running towards its steps as well, receiving high fives from the air attendants. 
Lucky laughed and I wrapped my arm around her waist
“Most fathers give their daughters charm bracelets or ponies, not jets.” She said; I kissed her cheek “Well I’m a special kind of Dad.” I whispered.
She chuckled “No argument there.” She said then looked at the plane “Its tenfold bigger than the last one.” She said incredulously.
I nodded “It can carry about 19 to 28 passengers.” I said and her eyebrows shot up
“And there’s only four of us.” She said, and then I looked to my side towards Ally and Mandy’s Bentley parking next to our car.
“Actually there’s the six of us.” I said and she looked at them then waved smiling.
“Grand, isn’t it?” Ally said after hugging her, referring to the plane “Careful with those!” she added to one of the attendants bringing their luggage.
“You two knew about this?” Lucky asked “Who do you think interior designed it silly.” Mandy said, “The kids will love the entertainment section, and the spacious bedroom cabins are to die for.” She added walking away.
“Don’t just stand there a tour awaits.” Ally said. I held Lucky’s hand as we followed behind them “Should I be scared?” she asked quietly
“Horrified.” I said kissing her hand.

We landed in San Francisco, later that afternoon, Kevin called me the moment we finished checking into our hotel. I waited in the foyer with Katelyn and JT watching them tease each other. Lucky came back from our suite
“Your cousins and I are going to meet up with Carmen.” She said to me and then turned to Katelyn, “You coming sweetie?” she asked and Katelyn nodded holding her hand. “Say goodbye.” She added. 
“Bye my angel, have fun.” I said putting her down; she playfully stuck her tongue out at JT while Lucky rubbed his hair affectionately.
She hugged me and I wrapped my arms around her waist giving her a chaste kiss…or two. She chuckled “I love you. Bye.” She whispered letting go.
I watched her walk away with Katelyn in hand; they got into the waiting limo that brought us from the airport. I couldn’t help but think about the mother-daughter resemblance they have. In some instances I saw a lot of Lucky in Katelyn; it pleased me a lot.
I met JT’s unimpressed gaze “Eww Dad.” He mumbled and I chuckled
“Shut it.” I said and began wrestling him onto the lobby couch, he laughed trying to fight back.
“Ey don’t kill the little monkey, I actually like him.” Kevin said walking towards us with a grin. JT ran to him smiling “Uncle Kevin!” he exclaimed.
“Hey champ, missed me?” Kevin said after doing their secret handshake, and JT nodded. Kevin gave me a hug
“How are you feeling?” I asked, knowing very well what he must be feeling with his wedding being two days away. We walked outside and got into his Lexus
He smiled “Ask me later.” He said starting the car “You didn’t spill the surprise to your lovely wife did you?” he asked.
“Come on man, give me some credit.” I said exasperatedly, he chuckled
“I would mate, but when it comes to her you can’t be trusted.” He said and I raised my eyebrows at him “Speak for yourself.” I said and he drove away laughing.





















28. Beckoning

Lucky POV

I continued doing Carmen’s hair, and she looked beautiful. Tonight was the rehearsal dinner and I couldn’t help but notice the glow she had. She was happy and I was thrilled to see that.
“I think a ‘I told you so’ is in order, no?” I playfully asked, referring to the advise I told her about Kevin when she thought he left for good. She met my gaze in the mirror, smiling. “Okay, okay, you told me so.” She said.
“Thank you.” I said, finishing up the braid and wrapped it around her bun “All done.”
“Thanks this looks awesome girl.” She said looking closer, she got up and went into the bathroom.
My iPhone beeped on the coffee table, I picked it up and it was a text from Jesse:
Stall Carmen a little bit please, everything’s fine I promise.
I quickly texted back: We’re almost out the door, what do I need to ‘stall’ her for? What’s going on Tyler?
I used the middle-name card to say I was dead serious, seconds later my phone beeped again
Nothing’s wrong, trust me Melissa. He said throwing that card back at me, I sighed.
Fine, you owe me. I texted, and he quickly replied
Anything you want my love. I chuckled in spite of myself at the smiley face he added, he hardly ever did that before. I loved how he could switch from domineering billionaire, to loving ‘always eager to please’ husband. I don’t know how but I loved both sides to him. Carmen came back from the bathroom and I quickly tucked my phone in my purse,
“Can you please do my hair?” I asked and she looked at me dumbfounded
“Isn’t it time to go?” she asked, “Besides, your hair is fine. I thought you wanted to leave it down.” She added.
“Yeah, but then I figured it probably looks dull for the occasion.” I said, and then she looked at it then back at me like I was blind “Please? We’ve got time.” I reassured her and thankfully she bought it. “Alright.” She said and I sat on her dressing table.

The limousine was sent to come get us and I sat with Carmen at the back, both wondering where we were going. “Kevin wouldn’t tell me anything.” She said, 
“Jesse wouldn’t budge either.” I said, I knew they we’re planning something, I just had no clue what. A few minutes later we neared the city bay.
“What the hell are we doing here?” Carmen said as the car stopped. I spotted Jesse and Kevin chatting from a distance. They saw us and started walking towards us
“Hello Ladies, how lovely you are.” Kevin said then hugged Carmen.
“This is really not the time for games babe, we have a rehearsal dinner to go to.” She said and Kevin grinned, “That’s exactly where we’re going.” He said then held out his arm. Carmen took it dumbfounded and they walked away.
Jesse tightened his arm around my waist “So, how much do I owe?” he murmured.
I smiled “Thankfully for you I’d do anything.” I said and he kissed me, I wrapped my arms around his neck when his tongue began stroking my mine. I was suddenly very glad it was dark enough for us to not get noticed. He held me tighter to him as he hungrily and greedily devoured my mouth. I found myself unable to breathe and it wasn’t because he was basically crushing me to him. I broke our kiss playfully leaning away and he moaned his disapproval leaning towards me again.
“What’s going on?” I asked, “Did I mention how gorgeous you look tonight?” he said and I chuckled “Don’t change the subject.” I said and he laughed taking my hand and started walking. “Let’s go find out, shall we?” He said
“You’ll have to carry me there then.” I teased and he shocked me by sweeping me into his arms bridal style “Oh God Jesse, I was kidding.” I said sharply and he ignored me. “Jesse put me down.” I quietly hissed and he slowly complied.
“You are too much work.” He said shaking his head, jokingly I bumped my shoulder against his smiling “But I’m worth it, right?” I asked, not so sure myself.
“Never doubt it.” He said pressing his lips to my hand as we followed Kevin and Carmen. My mouth dropped simultaneously with Carmen’s gasp as we both took in the big yacht in front of us. 
“Think of it as an early wedding gift.” Kevin said and she smiled in awe of it
“Marie’s Spirit.” Carmen said softly referring to the ship’s name, Marie was her middle name and she definitely had lots of spirit.
“So that’s what you’ve been hiding.” I said, “Aww this is so sweet.” I added, having the rehearsal dinner here was a brilliant and heartwarming gesture.
“Come on.” Jesse said leading me inside behind our friends, it seemed that everyone was there. I spotted Carmen’s parents and the girls; I was yet to acquaint myself with the rest of Carmen and Kevin’s friends and relatives. Everyone seemed to be having a great time and who wouldn’t? The yacht was amazing inside and out. It was very modern styled and incredibly spacious, the embodiment of comfort and luxury.
After dinner Jesse and I walked hand in hand and I winked at Carmen when we passed her and Kevin dancing. Katelyn ran towards us
“Mommy! Look I’m a star.” She beamed, pointing at the glitter star shape on her cheek. I smiled at her “Of course you are sweetie.” I said and she giggled and went back to playing the other kids.
Jesse led me up on the deck, to a couch right next to the small pool. I cuddled into his embrace admiring the San Francisco skyline and the grandness of the Golden Gate Bridge as we neared it. 


I watched Ally and Mandy work their magic on Carmen, as we all talked about the crazy bachelorette party last night.
“But not nearly as fun as crashing Jesse’s bachelor party, their faces were priceless.” Carmen said chuckling and I froze, both Ally and Mandy’s heads snapped to me.
“You what?” Ally squealed, and Carmen mouthed ‘sorry’ to me.
“I knew she wouldn’t be able to stay away.” Mandy chimed in and Ally shook her head “Crashing the groom’s bachelor party is a big don’t.” she added.
“Come on he and the guys loved having their own personal dancers.” Carmen said and Mandy rose her eyebrow at me “I’m sure.” She said suggestively 
I blushed involuntarily “I didn’t spend the night with him, I swear.” I said, though I really wanted to.
“At leased that part you respected.” Ally said “I trusted you to keep her tame.” She added to Carmen disapprovingly. She chuckled holding up her hands.
Mandy came back carrying my dress, “Go put this on, were almost done here.”
I went into the bathroom and got dressed; I chuckled at myself in the mirror admiring my dress. I was excited for Carmen’s wedding; it was going to be splendid. They rented out the city’s botanical garden for the ceremony and reception. When I came out Carmen was dressed in all white and looking like a princess
“My God Carmen, you look gorgeous.” I said looking at her glorious dress.
“Me? Look at you! I’m starting to think it wasn’t such a good idea having you as my only bridesmaid slash maid of honor.” She said playfully, I waved my hand dismissively at her absurd comment
“Oh shut up, its all you today.” I said, and I was absolutely no prettier than her. Just then Carmen’s mother and little sister as well as Katelyn wearing her flower girl dress walked in smiling at the bride. The girls and I left to give them some privacy. Soon enough we got into the cars and they drove us to our destination. I closely watched Carmen she looked slightly nervous but her hazel eyes lit up in anticipation and no doubt excitement.
The garden was much more breathtaking than I would’ve imagined, the car with Carmen’s family and the girls arrived first and our car last. Carmen’s wedding coordinator led us into our places. I could see the guests and the big white arch next to the small pond and dozens of peach roses and white garlands.
I smiled as I watched Katelyn excitedly descend the small white carpet draped steps and over a small bridge towards the altar, twirling and throwing small flowers. I quickly followed behind her after squeezing Carmen’s free hand. I smiled as I made my way towards the arch to where Kevin and Jesse were waiting patiently, both looking dashing. My gaze met with Jesse’s and he winked, I tried not to blush. My procession ended and guests stood up when Carmen appeared with her father.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, Mr. and Mrs. Philips” The MC introduced them and everyone watched as they got up to take their first dance. Soon enough the dance floor was open to everyone else and Jesse led me to it and pulled me into his arms.
“You look ravishing love.” He murmured twirling me around, I smiled melting into his embrace again as we moved to the melody. Way too quickly we exchanged partners, I danced with Kevin after he finished his customary dance with Carmen’s Mom. We chat and laughed, Kevin was fun and charming, he was a perfect match for Carmen.
“Take care of her.” I said and he smiled nodding “I’ll do my best.” He said and the music ended. Another song started and I looked around for Jesse, that’s when I noticed him dancing with some redhead I didn’t know. She was laughing and obviously having the time of her life in my husband’s arms.
Kevin followed my gaze and surprised me by dancing with me again; he wanted to distract me, the gesture was sweet. “Who is she?” I couldn’t resist asking.
“I think she works with Carmen.” He said and I glanced at them again “My friend has always been a chick magnet. He’s just being a gentleman.” He added.
Of course I knew Jesse would find it rude to turn her down if she asked him to dance. She was clinging to him and being overly flirtatious, it was completely inappropriate. “Yeah, she’s not being much of a lady though.” I said, surprised by the venom in my own voice. Kevin chuckled
“Jealousy is not a good look for you.” He teased and I chuckled in spite myself, blushing. I was being jealous and unnecessarily so. 
“Well if you want him, go get him.” He said, “You’re the entitled one after all.” He added releasing me. I smiled at him and went towards them. Jesse stopped dancing when he saw me behind the redhead. She looked up at him in question and then turned to look at me. I smiled at her
“I’m cutting in.” I said sweetly, not even bothering to ask. She glared at me then turned back to Jesse planting a smile on her face “Thanks for the dance sugar, it was fun.” She said and Jesse just nodded not looking away from me. She walked away and Jesse smiled when I wrapped my arms around his neck almost possessively.
“Tearing women away from you is a full time job.” I said and he chuckled
“I’m glad to see you still get jealous little one.” He said and I rolled my eyes “Of course I get jealous. You are mine, and I don’t like to share.” I said bluntly causing him to throw his head back laughing.
“Good, because I was just thinking the same thing about all the single men who are leering at you tonight.” He said shocking me.
“Still, they aren’t stupid enough to do anything about it, which is not the case with these women.” I said irritated. He twirled me around and pulled me back to him with enough force for a small gasp to escape my lips.
“Let them try, it’ll be in vain.” He said “Because its you who I’m taking to bed tonight.” He whispered in my ear. Causing me to blush and giggle but certainly did the trick, not to mention making my body hum in anticipation.
After dinner, Jesse made his best man speech. It was amazing and heartfelt, I felt like crying afterwards and by the looks of everyone else, I was not alone.
Many of the wedding traditions were adhered to and the celebrations continued late into the night. Soon enough Kevin and Carmen changed and said their goodbyes. They’re going to Hawaii for their honeymoon, a wedding gift from Jesse and I. I hugged Carmen after she said her goodbyes to her family.
“Have fun, and don’t forget to call me.” I said and she smiled “I will.” She said; we threw rice at them when they got in the car and drove away. People went back to the party but Jesse and I decided to say our goodbyes and leave. The moment the car moved, JT and Katelyn fell asleep. We carried them back to our suite,
“I’m actually surprised they didn’t pass out hours ago.” I said quietly when we entered the big living area. Jesse chuckled “Especially considering that they spent a lot of energy being the life of the party.” Came his low reply.
After tucking them in Jesse followed me back into the living room, I took off my 6-inch Jimmy Choo heels and swore under my breath. “My feet are killing me.” I said then I stifled a gasp when Jesse scooped me into his arms and carried me to the kitchen, sitting me on the counter. I didn’t want me to walk, the way he pampered and spoiled me sometimes made my heart hurt, a sweet ache.
I placed my heels next to me “It’s been a long day.” I said and Jesse opened a cabinet and took out a champaign bottle. “But the night’s still young.” He said and I smiled as he retrieved two glasses. I chuckled when he shook and popped the bottle, I held up my glass and he poured, and he did the same with his.
“To love.” I said “To happiness.” He added then we clinked our glasses, drinking.
His lips soon replaced my glass and I welcomed his taste with more fervor. “If I remember correctly, I did promise to take you to bed tonight.” He said huskily, his lips brushing slightly against mine. He began undoing the zipper of my dress
“And given that you’re a man of your word…” he cut me off by taking me into his arms again. I grabbed my heels and the champaign bottle in the other hand then he walked to our bedroom.


29. Escape

Jesse POV

I woke to the sound of the shower running, I checked my watch and it was still early. I got up and went into the bathroom. I leaned against the closed door watching Lucky through the steamed shower walls. She hummed a soft tune standing underneath the showerhead with her hands on the wall. Water cascaded down her dark hair and trickled down her delicious body.
She looked like a mystical goddess; I noticed then that I haven’t moved an inch, as if she’d disappear if I did. I shook my head; old habits die hard I thought.
I shrugged out of my pajama pants and walked towards the shower opening the doors, she didn’t turn around when I entered but she abruptly stopped singing.
I swept her hair to the side, stroking her shoulders. I leaned down and kissed her neck “Don’t stop on my account.” I whispered; I actually loved to hear her sing.
She gave a breathless chuckle “You’re a tad bit distracting.” She said,
My hands went to her abdomen adoring the silky feel of her skin against my hands. I moved my hands up her ribcage to cup the enticing swell of her breasts, stroking her tips, hardening them. She moaned softly.
“You are insatiable.” She said, her voice giving no indication that she disapproved.
I smiled against her nape “I can’t help what you do to me love.” I said.
Even after a night of relentless passion, the moment I saw her in the shower my desire was reignited again, it was a consuming cycle that never seemed to end.
She turned around and I took her mouth, it parted with sigh. I trusted my tongue in her mouth, passionately dueling with hers.
My God, why did she have to taste so good? If she were a drug I would’ve been locked up in rehab years ago. My kisses went to her neck, her skin smelled of her shower gel. 
It was a great aphrodisiac, though it overpowered her natural scent. My hands moved along the smooth curve of her spine to her perfect hips, lifting her against the wall. She wrapped her legs around my hips and I kissed her again until she gasped for air. My finger slipped into her heated slick folds, using my thumb to stroke her pleasure nub. She squealed her pleasure; I slipped another finger into her, taking her mouth again. I felt her body tense with anticipated pleasure, then release. She pulled her lips away crying out her climax.
“Lucky.” I groaned against her shoulder, her response to me was heaven sent, but I loved to take my time with her.
I was half-crazed with the need for her and I’ve barely even touched her.
“Now Jesse.” She softly commanded, shattering what was left of my self-control.
She threw her head back biting her lower lip when I entered her, I groaned as I felt her soft heat stretch around me. She rested her head against my shoulder panting and moaning as I moved. With every deep pleasurable stroke and thrust she would whisper my name and make those sexy little noises that drove me insane.
She tightened around me and I knew she was near; I drove her harder and faster and she gasped, “Let go love.” I said huskily and she faintly screamed her release. I rubbed my knuckles against her taut nipples, nibbling the soft skin at her neck and she had another orgasm then shivered. Satisfied, I groaned out my own release. We stayed like that for a while, both of us trying to catch our breath. The warm water washing away our perspiration, I slowly pulled out of her, my desire for her not even a little sated, but then again there was the bed, and the couch…
I set her down and she swayed a little so I held her waist to steady her, she chuckled
“Whoa, I can’t even stand, my knees are useless.” She said quietly, almost in chagrin.
I brushed her wet hair out of her face staring into her green eyes, warm and hazy from the pleasure we just shared. She stared back
“Will I ever stop reacting this way?” she asked, more to herself. I smiled
“I certainly hope not.” I said and she smiled back, I turned the water off.


I checked out of the hotel while the hotel’s bellhops loaded our luggage into the waiting limo. I just finished signing out from the reception when my cell rang
“Gilbert.” I answered and my pilot came through
“The jet is ready sir.” He said, “Thank you, we’ll be there shortly.” I replied, walking towards Lucky and the kids. I put my phone back in my pocket, Lucky looked up when I approached
“Everything good?” she asked with a smile and I nodded returning it, we walked out after the doorman opened for us and we got into the limo. 10 minutes later it pulled up on the airport’s tarmac. We got out and walked towards the plane, once inside I made my way to the leather sofa next to the windows. Lucky rejoined me minutes later, siting next to me
“It’s going to take some time to stop getting lost in this damn thing.” She said and I chuckled, “Where are the kids?” I asked
She sighed “Playing video games, and arguing.” She said chuckling
“Its their specialty.” I said and she nodded, taking her shoes off and curling her feet on the couch. She rested her head on my shoulder
“Aren’t your cousins flying with us?” she asked, “No, they’re wanted to remain in the city for another week. Something about meeting with a local designer.” I said.
“Oh.” She said then the pilots voice came through
“Take off for Bermuda will begin shortly.” He said and Lucky looked up at me
“Bermuda?” she asked in surprise, I smiled at her
“I though we could use a brief getaway.” I said playing with her ring “After everything that’s happened I thought I’d do us good.” I added.
She took me by surprise when she hugged me; she faced me with her arms remaining around my neck
“And you wonder why I love you.” She said smiling; I chuckled at the fact that I do sometimes wonder why she loves me. I kissed her.


					*	*	*






















			BOOK  2


















1. Hunter

Lucky POV

3 months later…

After I walked out of the boardroom, I was immediately met by Abby who was wearing a bewildered expression on her face. I raised my eyebrows at her in question. 
“Okay don’t freak out, but you wont believe whose waiting for you in your office.” She said and I chuckled at her exaggeration.
“Who? The grim reaper?” I teased, and she grimaced,
“Daniel Gilbert.” She said and I stopped walking looking at her with wide eyes. What in the world could Jesse’s cousin want with me of all people? Daniel and him didn’t see eye to eye so I made no contact with him. I didn’t keep in touch with the rest of Jesse’s family much, he would’ve told me if any of them were in town. Till this day they all still intimidate the hell out of me.
Abby looked at me as if expecting something then she sighed “Breathe.” She said, and I did not realizing that I was holding my breath the whole time.
“What does he want?” I whispered and Abby shrugged
“I don’t know.” She whispered back, “Why are we whispering?” I asked and she looked at me dumbfounded “I don’t know.” She replied. I would’ve laughed at our silly exchange if I wasn’t so utterly shocked and slightly anxious.
“Just go and see what he wants, if he turns out to be the grim reaper shout for help.” She said, and I shook my head at her.
“Ha, ha.” I said and walked away. I turned into the hallway leading to my office and I pause at the door, before I could chastise myself for being a coward I opened the door. Daniel turned around when I closed the door behind me; it almost felt surreal that he was here. Last time I saw him was at the Gilbert Foundation benefit gala almost a year ago. He stood up from the chair opposite to my desk flashing me a brilliant smile.
His hair had the same ink black tint as Jesse’s, though his hair was longer and curlier. His eyes were more greyish than blue, he wore a charcoal grey suit and the very familiar demeanor of a man with influence. Though with Jesse it came almost natural and it wasn’t threatening, something about Daniel always unnerved me.
I returned the smile with as much sincerity as I could master “Daniel, to what do I owe the surprise?” I asked pleasantly and he chuckled.
“Lucky, its always good to see you.” He said after giving me a brief peck on both cheeks “You look ravishing as always.” He added.
“Thank you.” I said, trying not to blush uncomfortably. I moved around my desk to create some distance between us. I sat down on my chair and indicated for him to do like wise. He looked around my office
“You’ve done well for yourself, Jesse must be proud.” He said and I eyed him
“I’m sure he his.” I replied, I didn’t like where this was going.
“How is my cousin by the way?” he asked and I shifted in my seat,
“He’s well.” I said and he smiled “I bet.” He added; I didn’t miss the condescension in his voice. I decided not to play nice anymore,
“I’m going to be frank with you Daniel, I know you didn’t exactly come here to ‘catch up’.” I said, “So why don’t you tell me what actually brings you here.”
He chuckled “I’m glad you know us that well.” He said and I scoffed inwardly “I’ve actually came to deliver some good news, I’m taking over G-Industries.” He said leaning back on his seat. I stared at him speechless for a second
“Excuse me?” I asked incredulously “Is this some kind of joke?”
“No jokes here sweet cheeks.” He said nonchalantly and threw a file in front of me “You’re looking at the new CEO of G-Industries.”
I took the file opening it; it was filled with scrips and documents all supporting what he was telling me. I felt a bile raise in my throat the more I paged through. He continued to explain the proceedings of the secret proxy fight that took place from under Jesse’s nose. I could tell he was enjoying every second of telling me all this
“You can’t do this!” I said sharply throwing the file back at him; he only smirked.
“Oh but I already did.” He said, “The board is unanimous, well with the exception of Ben of course. He didn’t have to know either.” He added. I blinked a couple of times; surely this shouldn’t have been this easy. Bylaws should’ve restricted them and the company’s finances shouldn’t have been accessed. I then had a terrible realization
“The company’s lawyers and financial directors are involved.” I thought aloud, Daniel chuckled.
“And she’s not just a pretty face.” He said, “You’ll be surprised at how many people want your precious husband out. ” He added and glared at him.
I never fully understood what they were capable of, and why Jesse was so hostile towards them, I did now. I always knew they resented him for being the CEO but I never thought they’d go to these devious lengths to demote him of his rightful position.
I shook my head “He inherited the company from his parents, you can’t change that.” I said and he only eyed me unfazed
“Its funny how many loopholes you can find with time.” He said, “Everything has to come to an end eventually, that also refers to Jesse’s rein. And I’m just the man to end it.” He added. I stood up; I didn’t want to be in the same room as him anymore, I went around my table.
“There’s nothing anyone can do really, it’s a done deal. All that’s left is to break the news to Jesse.” He said and I stopped and faced him again
“Then why did you decide to tell me?” I asked with barely contained anger.
“Because you are his lifeline.” He said shocking me “What do you mean?” I asked,
“He can still be CEO, provided that you and I reach an agreement.” He said, and I scoffed at him. “I’m not agreeing to anything with you!” I hissed.
“You might want to reconsider.” He said “Are you really willing to stand by and watch him lose something he’s worked his entire life for? Knowing there was something you could’ve done?” He asked as if he already knew the answer. Of course he did, I would do anything for Jesse and he was taking advantage of that.
“What do you want from me?” I asked exasperated, he smiled victoriously
“I want you to end things with him.” He said, 
“What!” I exclaimed “You…want me to…you’re insane!” I stuttered in shock “What makes you think I would want to leave my husband. Secondly Jesse would never buy any of this, he would never even let me through the front door.” I said sharply.
“Which is why you’ll leave him no choice but to let you go.” He said “And he will if you make him believe you cheated on him with me.”
My eyes grew wide “You want me to lie to him?” I whispered, unable to find my voice. I started shaking my head “He would never believe me.” I added.
“Now we’ll just have to make it look convincing, now won’t we?” he said and I slapped him before I could stop myself. I knew he wasn’t implying that I sleep with him, but that he wanted to break up my family over his own sick vendetta.
His grey eyes flashed with anger but his expression remained blank
“This is all just a game to you, but this is my life you’re playing with.” I bellowed “And I refuse to lie down and let you tear it apart.” I added.
“Very well then, but remember this, Jesse, like myself are a men of power. We crave it, we live on it, and it’s what sustains us. The loss of power can change our entire perspective on things. And with time he’ll start to resent you, he will look and you and he’ll be reminded of all he has lost. Is that what you want? Will it all be worth it then?” he said and I froze.
As much as I wanted laugh at him and tell him Jesse’s love for me is stronger than that, I couldn’t help but consider that possibility. G-Industries is a part of him; it’s a part of his parent’s legacy. He loves it dearly and losing it, especially to Daniel will be a blow below the belt.
Even so, if I agreed to his sick plan and he gives Jesse his company back, he still loses…me. “Why make me hurt him this way? What good will that do you huh?” I asked my voice faltering a little. I refused to let him see the tears beneath my eyes
“What’s a bruised ego, compared to a broken heart?” he said
“And you want me to break it for you.” I said in disgust, he shrugged “Unfortunately you’re the only one for the job. Now question is do you stand by him while he loses to me? Or you take my generous offer.” He said, “It’s a give and take world.”
I ran my hand through my hair “Why do you hate him so much? What has he ever done to you?” I asked and he chuckled menacingly.
“You truly believe he’s a saint, don’t you? You have this ideal image of a Jesse that doesn’t exist.” He said “He’s trampled all over people to get to where he is now, his anything but perfect sweet cheeks.” He added with venom.
I just glared at him; Jesse has never claimed to be a saint, especially to me. He’s the one that was convinced there was no trace of goodness in him, but I saw it, I’ve always seen it.
“He needs to be educated, I’ll only be giving him what is due to him,” he said. “I’m sorry Lucky, I have nothing against you really. As a matter of fact I think you would’ve been better off. Trouble follows him around like a shadow, you should’ve ran while you still had the chance.” He added.
My gaze narrowed, its ironic how he was saying the same thing Jesse told me years ago. Believe me I tried to run in the beginning, he was alluring, intense, dangerous and horribly additive. He set his sights on me and being as emotionally vulnerable as I ‘am, I didn’t stand a chance. Before I knew it he completely possessed me then how could I run when I was so desperately in love with him? When I’m still so desperately in love with him?
They say love makes us do crazy things; I never thought I’d test that theory myself.
I wasn’t stupid enough to take Daniel’s word for it. He would take the company regardless of what I did. He just wanted to add me to the list of things he took from Jesse, and I’ll be damned if I let him succeed.
If he was able to find loopholes then I would too and ruin his little plan, but I’d need time and the only way to buy it was…
“Fine, I’ll do what you say.” I said, my voice sounded unfamiliar to my own ears.
A wide smile spread across his face and he stood up,
“I’m glad we were able to reach an agreement Lucky. I would appreciate it if it remained strictly confidential” He said, “I’ll be in touch.” He added then turned around walking out of my office. I immediately locked the door behind him and sank onto the floor releasing my tears. I leaned against the door and wrapped my arms around my legs as the realization of what I was going to do hit me.
Jesse would never forgive me; its all a lie but he could never know that. I always knew that my being with him was disturbing the balances. I was never meant to be happy but I kept on persisting stubbornly, trying to keep something that was maybe never mine to have.
That thought brought a humorless laugh out of me that just ended as a sob; did I keep on losing Jesse because I was never supposed to be with him in the first place? Is that why the odds are always stacked against us? Why the universe is constantly trying to tear us apart?
Heaven forbid, if that was all true, what would become of me then? I can’t live without him. Even after all of this is over and I succeed on pulling the plug on Daniel, I’ll have to face the fact that I may not be able to mend what I was going to break; and my kids? This was going to hurt them more than I would’ve ever thought.
I rested my forehead on my knees, I wanted to remain right here, and cry until I had no tears left, but sooner or later I was going to have to get up and go through with Daniel’s sick game. One thing I promised myself was that he’d never win at it.





























2. Consolidation

Jesse POV

I parked my car in the garage and got out, Lucky’s car was not here yet. That’s odd given she always arrives ahead of me. She must’ve been held up at work, I decided.
I walked into the living room to find Katelyn and Angela laughing at something on TV. Katelyn looked towards me and she smiled “Daddy!” she exclaimed getting off the couch and running towards me.
I put my briefcase down and caught her in my arms; I kissed her cheek “Hey my angel. How was school?” I said
“It was fun Daddy, we had a play, you should’ve seen it,” She said excitedly. I smiled at her “I’m sure it was wonderful.” I said, “Where’s your brother?” I asked.
“He’s playing catch with uncle Jason.” She said then she pouted, “They refused to let me play with them.” She added. Angela chuckled and I gave her a fake warning look
“Leave them to me my angel, I’ll sort them out.” I said putting her down and she smiled again sitting back next to Angela.
I went upstairs; I entered the bedroom shrugging out of my jacket and threw it onto the bed. I walked towards the closet and paused on the dressing table picking up a picture I’ve never seen before. It was of me and the kids playing in the backyard, Lucky must’ve taken it herself when we weren’t looking.
I smiled, putting it back down. I changed into a pair of jeans and a shirt and walked back out. Just then the door opened and Lucky walked in, I smiled at her when she looked up. She returned it walking towards me
“I thought I’d have to call on a search party.” I teased and she chuckled
“Sorry, work was murder.” She said and I gathered her in my arms. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I tightened my hold on her, slightly lifting her off the ground. She chuckled
“Must you always squeeze the breath out of me?” she said and my lips brushed along her earlobe. I inhaled deeply, taking in her sweet scent
“Mmm, its on my ‘favorite things to do when I’m with my wife’ list.” I said, “Here another one…” I trailed off taking her mouth. She responded to my kiss, but not like she usually did, its almost as if she was holding back. Was I imagining that?
She pulled away when I deepened our kiss, I tried to resume it but she looked the other way and my lips kissed her cheek instead. I paused
“What’s wrong little one?” I whispered, and she rested her forehead on my shoulder
“I’m sorry I…I’m just tired.” She said and I set her down, she ran her hand through her hair refusing to meet my gaze. “I need a hot shower, and some shut eye.”
I smiled at her, hoping she didn’t feel bad about rejecting me “Its okay love, aren’t you going to come down for dinner?” I asked.
She shook her head “I’m not really hungry.” She said and I eyed her, my brows furrowed wondering why that is. “Are you okay?” I asked stroking her cheek.
“I’m fine.” She said quickly dropping her gaze; I decided not to push her.
“Alright. I’ll be in my study.” I said kissing her forehead, she nodded and began walking towards the bathroom, unbuttoning her blouse.
I watched her until the door closed behind her, women and their hormones, I concluded. Although Lucky was hardly one for mood swings.
I decided not to overthink it and I walked out of the bedroom.

I turned in my chair, facing the large window behind me staring at the vast city skyline. I sighed, I hated when my thoughts were all over the place, and it distracted me putting a dent on my productiveness. All of that was because one question kept running through my mind; what was wrong with my Lucky?
She’s been distant these past couple of days. Something was eating at her and she seemed adamant not to tell me about it. She blamed it on work, and knowing I would interfere she warned me off her boss.
Maybe I was being paranoid but I couldn’t help but feel that I was missing something, that I was missing the bigger picture. Either way I had to try to get it out of her, or I’ll just drive myself crazy worrying about her.
My door opened and Nicholas came in, greeting me with a smile while he settled on the couch. “Ready for lunch?” he asked.
I slightly shook my head; I had forgot we were going to have lunch together with Kevin.
“Yeah.” I said, clearing my table and closing my laptop, I picked up my telephone
“Yes Mr. Gilbert?” Joanne replied on the other end,
“I’m heading out for lunch, see to Mr. Kemp if he arrives before I return.” I said and she agreed, I put the phone down and stood up.
“You didn’t tell me your evil cousin is in town.” Nicholas said and my eyebrows rose
“Who, Daniel? In LA?” I asked even though I knew I had only one evil cousin.
“The one and only.” He said and I grabbed my jacket off the chair.
“I’m just as surprised as you are my friend, he normally makes sure his presence is felt wherever he goes.” I said and he chuckled.
I went around my table “We’ll have to put a lid on our plan for now.” I said and he nodded flashing a conniving smile “We wouldn’t want him to get any ideas.” He said and I returned his smile.
“I saw the headlines today, People Magazine named your wife the most beautiful woman.” He said and I smirked
“Am I the man or what?” I said, and she’s all mine I thought proudly.
“You son of a gun.” He said, walking out “What I’d give to be you right now.” He said playfully and I chuckled closing the door behind us.
We met up with Kevin at a trendy restaurant downtown, afterwards Nicholas left with Kevin and I went out walking to where my Maybach was parked. 
A couple of paparazzi came running towards me “Jesse! Jesse over here!” some of them said and I raised a hand in greeting. I ignored some of their questions as they frantically snapped pictures of me, Jeffrey got out of the car to open the door for me.
“Jesse how do you feel about Lucky being named the most beautiful woman?” one asked and I decided to humor him. I paused at the door
“At leased the whole world agrees with me now.” I said with a sly smile and they laughed as I slid into the back and Jeffrey closed the door behind me.
“Back to work sir?” Jeffrey said as the car came around the corner, I met his gaze on the rearview mirror.
“Yes, but stop by Rodeo drive.” I said and he nodded.
I wasn’t the have a chauffeur 24/7 kind of guy; I hated the idea of being driven all the time. But Jeffrey loved being both butler and chauffeur; I didn’t have the heart to put him off sometimes.
He stopped a couple of blocks later and I got out and went into the stores, going to fetch a lovely surprise.


I walked out of the bathroom after dawning my pajama trousers, I found Lucky on the bed. Her perfectly manicured fingers running swiftly on the keyboard of her laptop; I sat on the edge of the bed facing her and I closed it. Her green gaze snapped back to me in question, I shook my head at her
“That’s enough work love.” I said and her eyebrows furrowed “Says the workaholic.” She said as I placed her laptop on the nightstand.
“It won’t do itself you know.” She added
“Funny, I wont do myself either.” I said and she chuckled shaking her head,
“I’ll have to talk with your boss.” I said and her smile fell, “You’ll do no such thing.” She said sternly. “You can’t be overworked like this.” I said and she rolled her eyes
“You mean like he overworks everybody?” she said, “I don’t want any special treatment. You’re the billionaire, I’m the normal person.” She added.
“Billionaire. Normal person.” She repeated pointing between us. I chuckled, taking the magazine next to her laptop, holding it up.
“Normal person indeed.” I said sarcastically and she blushed taking the magazine out of my hands throwing it back on the nightstand.
“Carmen couldn’t stop shoving that in my face either, thank you very much.” She said then sighed, “I had to leave work early to hide away from the paparazzi.”
I stood up retrieving the Cartier box from my drawer “In the spirit of honoring your beauty.” I said holding out to her.
“You just used this whole People thing to get me a present didn’t you?” She said 
“No comment.” I said and she chuckled still eyeing the box reluctantly. I sighed
“For once in your life my love, accept a present from me graciously.” I said and she smiled apologetically taking the box and opening it.
She gasped taking out the oval shaped locket; it had beautiful rose patterns surrounding it and a diamond encrusted G I had them make.
“Aw Jesse this is lovely.” She said smiling “You thought I got you something over the top didn’t you?” I asked and she smiled sheepishly.
“Well I couldn’t put it passed you.” She said and I playfully frowned “Thanks.” I said and she chuckled. “But you didn’t, it goes to show you know me,” she said her hand caressing the side of my face.
“Well I’ve had years of study.” I said, “Open it.” I added, she obliged.
Her smile turned into a grin as she looked at the two pictures inside. One was of her and me at Carmen and Kevin’s wedding. We were smiling into each other’s eyes. The other was of her and the kids playing at the beach of our island.
“I love it, thank you.” She said then I saw a glint of sadness in her eyes. I cupped her cheek and she looked up at me
“Talk to me little one, what’s going on in that pretty little head of yours?” I asked softly. She dropped her gaze “Nothing, what makes you think there is?”
I rose an eyebrow at her “You’re brooding most of the time my love.” I pointed out.
A tight smile graced her lips “I’ve just been preoccupied with work Jesse, besides we have a company retreat this weekend which I’m not particularly looking forward to.” She said. I frowned slightly; Lucky hardly took these business trips even when they were offered before.
“Can’t you decline?” I asked; she has before. She grimaced “Not with this one unfortunately.” She said.
“The kids hate it whenever one of us goes away, I do too.” I said and she wrapped her arms around my neck “I know, me too.” She whispered.
“Where are you headed?” I asked “Miami.” She said “Are you going to miss me?” she teased and I chuckled “Are you kidding me?” I asked.
She shook her head at me, coaxing me onto my back and settling on top of me, with her thighs on both sides of my hips.
“There’s nothing wrong love, I’m perfectly fine.” She said slowly running her hands across my shoulders and chest. I got a feeling she was trying to blow off this conversation. I eyed her, one of Lucky’s most powerful weapons against me was her sensuality and she knew how to use it. 
“Are you trying to distract me?” I playfully asked, waving a hand towards her body in a very sexy chocolate brown nightdress. The color and material had a beautiful contrast to her porcelain skin. She chuckled
“No, I’m merely reassuring you.” She said “Besides I wouldn’t want my husband to do himself when I’m available.” She added kissing me. I gave in leaning towards her, to slide her garment off her.

































3. Desolation

Lucky POV

I finished packing and closed my Louis Vuitton luggage and grabbed my phone off the nightstand. I went into the balcony, dialing a number I really didn’t want to.
“Lucky, its good to hear from you.” Daniel said nonchalantly, as if I’m his favorite person in the world. This only added to my aggravation. “Everything set?”
“Yes, I fly out today.” I bit out “Excellent, I’ve already landed.” He said.
“Daniel, I think we should postpone this. At leased until the media is out of my hair. “They are watching me like a hawk right now.” I said and he chuckled.
“No can do sweet cheeks, we had a deal. Besides I’m not the one who gave you that face.” He said, and my gaze shifted down to Jesse and the kids playing a board game next to the big pool. My mood darkened
“You want to involve the press, don’t you?” I said, sure of it.
“How else are we supposed to make it look real? Do you want to send him a picture of the two of us together yourself?” He said.
“I hope you haven’t given him any reason to be suspicious.” He added icily.
“He has no idea.” I quietly barked, watching my family smile and laugh wondering how long I had left to see them like that again.
He chuckled “Good, I’ll see you when you get here.” Then the line went dead.
I almost started stopping on my phone in fury, but then JT looked up and waved at me. Everyone else did the same. I plastered a smile and waved back
I walked back into the bedroom and grabbed my travelling bag off the bed and released the handle of the suitcase with my other hand.
I was down the hallway when Jason saw me and offered to take them to the car for me; I thanked him as I followed him down the stairs. We I got to the living room they came in from the back.
“Mom, I won!” JT said and I chuckled high fiving him
“No, Katelyn and I just simply let him win. Or what my angel?” He asked carrying a nodding Katelyn. I laughed, “Sore losers.” I said and they laughed too.
They walked me out and I turned back to hug JT and Katelyn “I’m going to miss you guys. Be good while I’m gone.” I said then let them go. I then hugged Jesse after he gave me a brief kiss,
I love you; forgive me. I thought sadly then let go “Say goodbye to Maria and Angie for me. I’ll call you.” I said with a smile.
He nodded returning my smile and I got into the waiting car and Jeffrey closed the door behind me. The car moved out of the circular drive way and I watched them through the tainted rear window. They waved and walked back into the house, and all I wanted to be was right in there with them. Here I was driving away knowing very well that I’m walking into a death trap.
I sat straight when we were out of the estate and I met Jeffrey’s gaze in the rearview mirror. He gently smiled “You miss them already.” He said.
I smiled nodding “I can see by the look on your face, it’s the same one Mr. Gilbert has whenever he has to leave you too.” He added then turned his attention back to the road.
We arrived at LAX and I got out of the car after he opened the door for me. He helped me with my suitcase and I thanked him.
“I’ll be taking my leave now, have a safe trip Mrs. Gilbert.” He said and I nodded smiling. I gave up on trying to get him to call me Lucky for a while now. He got in the Mercedes and drove away. I sighed and walked towards my terminal, Abby and my other colleagues were already waiting when I arrived.
“Lucky!” Abby exclaimed when she saw me approaching; I placed my luggage on the conveyor belt and hugged her. I waved to the rest of the group “Miami baby! Its going to be so much fun“ she added excitedly. I tried to look as cheerful as I could
She frowned “You’re not looking forward to this, are you?” She asked and I grimaced.
“You know I don’t like these trips.” I said and she rolled her eyes
“I know; you turn most of them down anyway.” She said as they called our flight on the speakers. 

The 5 hour flight landed at MIA late in the afternoon, I walked alongside Abby as I took out my phone and called Jesse to let him know I landed safely. Then I texted Daniel 
I’m here. I wrote, 
Good, my driver will be waiting for you at the exit of your terminal. He’ll take you to the Conrad Miami. Consider it my gift to you. He replied
You and your gifts can go to hell! I quickly texted back,
You’re welcome. He wrote and I put my phone back in my bag. I turned to meet Abby’s questioning gaze. “I’m not coming with you guys. Apparently reservations have already been made for me.” I said and her eyebrows rose.
“No way, where?” she asked as we started walking out, I took a moment to remember. “Conrod Miami, or something like that.” I said and she gasped, “You’re staying at the Conrad Miami, w-o-w I’m so freaking jealous right now. That hotel is for the rich and famous.” She said then started laughing at herself “And I keep forgetting you’re like one of them.” She added.
And I’m about to become even more famous as the cheating wife I thought. True or not, no woman in her right mind would ever cheat on a man like Jesse Gilbert. She wouldn’t even have to be as in love with him as I was.
“It’s a good thing the company flew us business class or else I think Jesse would’ve been outraged.” Abby said and I chuckled.
“He wanted me to take the jet.” I said and her gaze snapped to me
“You should’ve agreed; we could’ve flown in style.” She said in mock anger. “Don’t be ridiculous our flight was fine.” I said and she only pouted. I bit the inside of my mouth to stop from laughing at her expression.
We walked outside and indeed I saw a man dressed in a black suit and chauffer hat with my name on his board. I sighed inwardly
“Well, That’s me.” I said to Abby pointing at the silver Bentley behind the man, she hugged me “Alright girl, enjoy. See you tomorrow.” She said then continued with the others.
I walked towards the man; he had bronze colored hair with kind black eyes. He looked very young, probably in his early twenties “Lucky Gilbert?” He inquired 
“Yes, that’s me.” I said and he smiled taking my luggage “Welcome to Miami.” He said after placing them in the boot and opening the door for me.
“Thanks.” I said less enthusiastically getting in the back.

The car stopped in front of a skyscraper building and the driver opened the door for me. I got out, taking off my Ray Bans to get a good look at it.
“Thank you.” I said to the driver as the bellhop took my luggage inside. I walked up the steps and the doorman opened the glass doors for me. I gave him a brief smile walking into the huge luxurious lobby. I walked towards the huge reception desk and the lady behind it greeted me with a smile “Hello, welcome to Conrad Miami, how can I help you?” she said.
“Hello, I came to check in.” I said then she started typing on her computer “Lucky Gilbert.” I added and she nodded then smiled again.
“There you are. Penthouse suite number 552” She said giving me a key “Its on the 29th floor. Enjoy your stay,” She added looking at me.
“Thank you.” I said and started towards the elevators,
I walked into the suite and I was not surprised by the spaciousness or the incredible décor. It’s all I’ve seen since I walked into this hotel. I didn’t know what Daniel was hoping to achieve with all of this and quite frankly I didn’t care. I tipped the bellhop and he left after thanking me.
I walked into the bedroom and took out my toiletry bag. I walked into the bathroom.
After a long bubble bath, I walked back into the living room area. I leaned against the glass wall staring at the skyline and at South Beach from afar. It wasn’t as visible as it would’ve been if it were daytime. My phone beeped and I opened a text from Abby
Going to explore Miami, want to come? She said, and I quickly replied.
Tired from the flight, you go ahead and have fun.
Alright girl, tomorrow then. She texted back and I put my phone on the couch. I wasn’t really tired but even if I went out with her, I wouldn’t be any fun in this mood. I called for room service, settling on ordering nothing but comfort food.
























4. Spotlight 

Lucky POV


The next morning we all assembled at the company’s Miami branch, we took part in a series of activities ranging from team building exercises to competitive tasks. We also worked with the employees from that branch on most of them. As I looked around the bunch, everyone seemed to be present even the members of the board. Who were actively taking part; that was refreshing to witness.
After we were done with the business of the day, our boss Mr. Hathaway called us back together in the foyer. I playfully bumped Abby’s shoulder
“I was ready to catch you if you passed out, no hangover?” I teased and she chuckled
“Gee thanks. No, I was stupid enough to take Camilla as a substitute for you. She’s as much of a bore as you are, she kept me sober the entire time.” She said with a slight frown. I chuckled “Good for her, I’ll have to send her a thank you card.” I said.
“There’s a corporate gathering at the Hilton Plaza this evening, anyone whose anyone in the business world will be there. So I expect you all to be as well.” The boss said, “So go get a fancy dress or tux and go there. Network, communicate, mingle and represent me well.” He added and everyone laughed. He called the brief meeting to an end and everyone dispersed already starting to talk about the upcoming function.
Abby turned to me with an excited look on her face “Do you know what this means?” she asked and I shook my head at her “Shopping! And I know just the place.” She said and took my hand dragging me out.
We took a cab to a mall and we went to Macy’s, we shopped for outfits then we went to go get lunch together. We soon said our goodbyes to get ready.
When I got to my suite I took a quick shower, then worked on my hair, a rare thing for me. I applied some hair mousse and blow-dried it; it gave it a nice bounce. I dawned my white long sleeved herve leger dress; it was above knee length. It was figure hugging while still on the conservative side. Abby suggested that I spice it up with red sequin Louboutin pumps; I slid on the 6-inch heels and sat on the dressing table. She also suggested that I trade in my usual sheer lip glossed lips for fiery red lips.
I also opted for smoky eye make-up and a little blush. I splashed a bit of my perfume and put on the locket Jesse gave me. I stood up to check my appearance on the long mirror. Satisfied I grabbed my clutch bag and headed down. I was at the entrance of the hotel about to catch a cab when a black stretch limo stopped in front of me.
I was shocked when Abby stepped out of it. I went to her,
“Its official I love the boss man, look what he got us!” she said and I looked at it awestruck “No way.” I said and I got in with her.
I greeted everyone in there “There were three of them to transport everyone.” Abby added to me and I chuckled.
Apparently we were the last group to arrive because I recognized most of my colleagues when we entered the high-profile venue. Abby and I stuck together for a while longer, but we split up to go do what we do best, market.
I chatted and networked with a couple of influential people, I still wasn’t used to everyone knowing my name even before I introduced myself. Some of them went to the extent of asking me about Jesse and why he wasn’t here with me.
I was chatting with a woman from a local ad company when a sudden uproar began
“What’s going on?” I asked her and she chuckled “Daniel Gilbert just arrived. He’s your husband’s cousin, is he not?” She asked and my mood immediately darkened, he couldn’t leave me alone, could he? Just when I was beginning to enjoy myself,
I followed her gaze to where he was ambushed by a couple of people. “Yes, he is.”
“He’s quite a dish too, isn’t he?” she said more to herself. I glared at him; poison is more like it I thought. 
To my utter dismay he spotted me and escaped his group of admirers and started towards us. He uttered a pleasant greeting that I didn’t acknowledge, but the woman next to me stammered an introduction then abruptly excused herself.
“What are you doing here?” I quietly hissed, “I don’t think you were invited.” I added and he chuckled “I don’t have to be invited sweet cheeks.” He said arrogantly. I took a deep breath I couldn’t give him the satisfaction of getting under my nerves.
His grey gaze slowly took in my appearance, enough to make me feel uncomfortable. “You look rather ravishing tonight.” He said and I glared at him
“Spare me the complements and tell me what you want.” I shot at him. “Quite the feisty one, aren’t you?” He said, “If you must know, I noticed you are without a date, I came to your aid.” He added shocking me. He had to choose tonight of all nights to implement this sick plan of his? Of course he had, he wanted this whole thing to get as messy as possible.
He smiled at my expression “Let me buy you a drink.” He said leading me to the bar.
An hour lapsed then he pulled me aside again “Time to leave.” He said and I rose my eyebrows at him “There are dozens of people here and it’s a paparazzi jungle outside and you want us to be seen leaving together?” I bit out.
He smiled “That’s the whole point, now those headlines wont make themselves will they?” he said. I never thought I had it in me to genuinely hate someone, but I hated Daniel Gilbert with a passion at that moment.
“After you.” He motioned with his hand and I started walking away with him closely behind. As if on cue everyone looked at us and I could tell that they were already stirring up gossip. I met Abby’s shocked gaze, with a look that clearly said ‘what the hell are you doing with him?’
I slightly shook my head at her. I felt Daniel’s hand on the small of my back
“Get your filthy hand off me!” I quietly barked and he chuckled but obliged. We walked out into a frenzy of flashing light bulbs and paparazzi screaming both our names. Security cleared the way for us, Daniel opened the door to his silver Bentley and I got inside. He slid in with me and the car drove away. 
“Now that wasn’t so bad was it?” He said and I didn’t even reply, I just stared out the window at the passing buildings. I could feel my heart in my throat.
I didn’t even fuss when he escorted me inside and left me at the door of my suite, he then went on to explain that his own suite was three doors after my own.
“Maybe we should fly back together in my jet.” He suggested and my eyes flashed back to life “Maybe not, that’s enough controversy for one weekend.” I snapped and he held up his hands and walked away after bidding me goodnight.
I walked into my suite and locked the door behind me; I took off my shoes throwing them onto the couch along with my clutch bag.
I took off my dress and got into my pajamas, I began to remove my make-up and the tears streaming down my face made the process quicker. I checked my phone and it had a couple of messages from Abby.
Hey, I’m fine and back at the hotel. Don’t worry. I texted then switched my phone off. I would’ve called her except I wasn’t in the mood to answer the questions she obviously had for me, questions I didn’t know how to answer.
I crawled into bed and cried myself to sleep, my life was slowly falling apart and there was nothing I could do about it. Not without the ones I love paying the price.

The second and final day of our trip dragged on, and more so because everyone looked at me like I had a scarlet letter A on my forehead. I sighed inwardly, I guess I better start getting used to it, that’s how everyone will look at me from now onwards. I fed Abby the excuse that I wasn’t feeling well and that I had no choice but to hitch a ride with the devil himself. She believed me because she knew I disliked Daniel, but with the media speculation already surrounding the gesture, it would convince someone else otherwise.
When the day finally came to an end the boss gathered everyone up for a vote of thanks and to officially end our retreat. Everyone started to leave but he called my name “Can I have a word?” he said, and Abby and I exchanged confused glances then I followed him into an empty office. He took a seat at the head of the table and gestured for me to have a seat as well.
“You must be wondering why I asked to see you privately.” He said with a calm tone and I just nodded, I had a feeling I wasn’t going to like what he had to say.
“Lucky I value you as much as I value any other employee of mine.” He said, “I wouldn’t want to lose you because you’re a huge asset in my company.”
I kept quiet to let him finish “Allow me to cross the line a little here Lucky, I don’t like to meddle in people’s personal lives and forgive me if I do so.” He said, “Your leaving with Daniel Gilbert last night caused a bit of a stir and I don’t want the company or myself to be implicated in anyway.” He added then took a deep breath.
“I don’t want to get on your husband’s bad side if this gets messy.” He said “Daniel I don’t have a problem with. But I don’t want to tango with Jesse Gilbert, he could destroy me like that.” He said snapping his finger.
He was among the many that feared and respected Jesse to the bone and with good reason. Jesse is known for being as cutthroat as they come in some instances.
“If anything happened or were to happen, you’d be safe my dear because he loves you. With the rest of us its fair game, you might want to remind Daniel of that fact.” He said, and I tried not to be offended. He obviously believed something occurred between Daniel and I, and he was just trying to protect himself.
I nodded in understanding “No harm will come to your name or the company Mr. Hathaway, I give you my word.” I reassured the best way I could muster. Even though I wasn’t sure myself that Jesse wouldn’t lash out of either one of us.
Yes he loves me but people do crazy things out of a broken heart, I once held him at gunpoint thinking he cheated on me. What was he going to do when I confirmed my ‘infidelity’ to him?
He breathed out and a smile played on the corners of his lips, “Good, you may go. Have a safe trip back home.” He said and I acknowledged then stood up and walked out.






5. Undisclosed

Jesse POV

I arrived in my office and placed my brief case on the table, then put my jacket on the couch. I smiled as I saw a Starbucks coffee cup and a copy of today’s LA Times; Joanne was too good to me, I’ll have to consider giving her a raise. I sat down taking a sip of the delicious coffee and reading the newspaper,
I reached the entertainment section and I normally skipped it, except my wife and Daniel were on the front page.
There was a picture of the two of them chatting and another of them sipping drinks together. The last one was of them exiting together and Daniel opening the car door for her. I slightly shook my head, taking in a sharp breath

Daniel Gilbert was spotted escorting Lucky, wife of cousin Jesse Gilbert out of the Corporate Gala event in Miami’s Hilton Plaza Saturday night. Lucky had already arrived at the event when Daniel made an unexpected appearance. The two were seen spending quality time together before they headed out.
Daniel was said to have accompanied the world most beautiful woman back to the Conrad Miami. Which both of them were currently staying at. An inside source confirmed to seeing Daniel entering Lucky’s suite, and checking out of the hotel in the wee hours of the morning alone. Lucky was in Miami without her billionaire hubby for a company retreat and Daniel was rumored to have followed her down from LA. We just have to wonder if it was really a retreat or just a secret rendezvous…

I cramped up the paper in anger and threw it into the bin, knocking it over. Just then my door opened and Nicholas stepped in then froze.
“I can come back another time…” He trailed turning for the door
“No, get in here.” I said and he reluctantly obliged “Did you see this?” I asked. He glanced at the bin and grimaced “Yeah, I saw the publicity.”
I stood up, shoving my hands in my pockets, “Daniel has a neck for pissing me off. He obviously didn’t get the message when I warned him off her the first time.” I said irritably. Then I remembered the pictures, she wasn’t exactly trying to avoid him either “And she was obviously enjoying his company.” I added bitterly
“Well, you of all people should know the lies the media can conjure up. Besides you’re the one who hates him not her. She was probably being polite, he is your family.” He said and I looked at him, knowing he was right.
“And him ‘escorting’ her out?” I asked; I wasn’t really expecting Nick to give me all the answers Lucky has. But I needed him to talk some sense into me before I did something stupid.
“You’re the one who said she’s not into these functions. She probably got tired and hitching a ride with him was the best alternative.” He said; I slightly smiled. He was good. “Look at you, perfectly pleading her case. I’m sure she’d appreciate the effort.” I teased and he chuckled.
“Its not for her. I’m trying to calm you down you moron.” He said playfully “She’s a good woman, and she loves you. You’re getting upset over nothing.” He added more seriously. I sat back down, sighing, “I know.” I said.
He sat on the armrest of the couch and started chuckling, I looked at him questioningly “I never thought I’d see the day you’d get so worked up over a woman. None of us fully understand how much you love her, do we?” he asked and I flashed a sly smile
“No.” I said, I think sometimes even she didn’t.
“Have you any idea how many women played the jealousy card just to get that reaction from you and failed?” he said and I eyed him
“What are you talking about?” I asked, I never dated any of the women I kept company prior to Lucky; there was no room for games, or tiffs.
“Case in point.” He said with a smile then placed a file on my table “Here’s that report you asked for.” He added.
“Thanks.” I said, not just for the report. He nodded then walked out.
I took the file opening it and switching on my laptop, I was just cranky from missing her. She’s supposed to arrive at midday, and I was already dying to see her.

I arrived home, parking my SLR in the garage. I walked into the living room to find Lucky and the kids. They were laughing as they were telling her about their weekend. I silently stood watching them; they couldn’t stop asking when their Mommy was coming back.
JT looked at me then smiled “Dad!” he said and everyone else did as well “I was just telling Mom about my hat trick at soccer practice.” He added and I smiled back.
“You were great.” I said, getting closer to them.
Lucky turned her gaze back to Katelyn, finishing braiding some of her hair. She smiled jumping off the couch “Daddy, how does my hair look?” she asked.
“You look lovely my angel.” I said and she grinned, “Thanks Mom.” She added to a smiling Lucky “You’re welcome sweetie.” She said.
“Tell you what, why don’t you two go set up formation. We’re coming.” She added to them. “Okay.” JT said then got off the couch and Katelyn followed him into the hallway. Lucky watched them until they were out of sight then slowly, almost reluctantly turned her green gaze to me. The apprehension in her eyes was an indication that she knew I saw the headlines about her and Daniel and that I was probably upset.
“Everyone’s setting up a bowling tournament in the game room.” She explained and I nodded, she nervously played with her hands on her lap as we took a moment silently staring at each other. She raised a challenging eyebrow
“You’re just going to stand there and look handsome?” She said with a bold tone, but her eyes betrayed her confidence.
I gently smiled at her; that was my Lucky, she never takes anything for granted. She has a mirror but she still beams when I tell her she’s beautiful. She values giving love more than she values receiving it. She’s an amazing human being and she’s completely unaware of that fact.
I held out my hand to her and she took it standing up. I wrapped my arm around her waist then cupped the back of her neck kissing her. Her lips parted with a soft moan, and I delved into the inviting depths of her mouth. I felt her hands in my hair, urging me on. The feel of her soft lips and her taste are like fine wine. Coaxing you to take more, to taste more. With the promise of the next sip being better than the last one.
I swept her hair to the side, moving my kisses to her jaw and neck. She gasped for air when I pulled away, remembering that we were still in the living room.
“Now that was a welcoming.” She breathed and I chuckled, she took a moment trying to catch her breath. 
She buried her head in my neck then sighed, “You saw the tabloids, didn’t you?” she asked knowingly. I rested my chin on the crown of her head, taking in the familiar strawberry scent of her shampoo. 
“They were quite hard to miss.” I said and she paused
“I expected you to call and demand answers, you didn’t. Should I be worried?” she asked. “After that kiss woman? Are you out of your mind?” I said and she chuckled.
I let her go and she held onto my arms in protest “Hold me, please.” She whispered and I pulled her back onto the sofa.
She leaned into me and I wrapped my arms around her “What happened in Miami?”
She sighed, “The press blew everything out of proportion. I didn’t even know Daniel was in Miami until he turned up at that party.” She said.
“He came by me and offered to buy me a drink, I didn’t want to be rude so accepted.” She added
“Then he offered to take you to the hotel?” I asked then she paused
“I didn’t feel so well after a while, I was going to take a cab but he mentioned that he was staying at the same hotel and didn’t mind giving me a ride.” She said; I didn’t trust Daniel to leave her alone, just like that.
“So I take it he didn’t enter your suite?” I asked, and she looked at me
“What? No.” she said quickly then she bit her lower lip in thought “But…he did try to come onto me…” I tensed, she cupped my face “…and I shot him down.” She continued “I never saw him again after that.”
“I figured just as much, I don’t trust Daniel as much as I can throw him. Perhaps I should rearrange his face, maybe then he’ll get the message.” I bit out.
“No!…I mean, he’s not worth it.” She said and I raised my eyebrow at her
“Are you trying to protect him?” I asked and she smiled
“Its not him I’m trying to protect.” She said, “I wouldn’t want you to be prosecuted for assault.” She added and I chuckled. 
“I know that if the situation was reversed and it was you with one of those model, actress ‘friends’ of yours, I would’ve came down on your head like judgment.” She added “Sorry.”
I shook my head, smiling “It wasn’t your fault little one.” I said, I kissed her forehead “Just be careful love.” I whispered too low to be audible.
She got off the sofa pulling me with her “Let’s go bowling.” she said with a smile and I followed her to the game room.


I was in my study when Maria walked in, she paused “Sorry to disturb you, but you have a visitor.” She said. “I’ll be in the penthouse with JT and Katelyn.” She added.
I nodded getting off my seat following her.
I turned for the staircase and my mood changed at who was waiting patiently in the living room. 
“Daniel.” I said, in a less than pleasant tone and he turned to me then smiled
“Jesse, how are you this fine afternoon?” He said, “You look good.” He added.
I flashed him a cold smile “Don’t patronize me Daniel, what are you doing here?”
He chuckled settling on the single couch and I sat on the armrest of the double.
“Your kids are jewels.” He said, “It’s a shame you don’t let them anywhere near us, the little chipmunks hardly even recognized me.” He added
“Last time I checked that’s a good thing.” I said, and then he looked around
“This place certainly got a woman’s touch,” he said. “Speaking of, where’s the lovely Lucky?” he asked and I frowned,
“You have a lot of nerve, mentioning her after your little stunt in Miami.” I said, “I thought I told you to stay away from her.” I added fiercely.
He chuckled “What exactly did she tell you? Oh that’s right. Nothing.” He said
I glared at him, he had something to say and he was dragging it out “What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked, irritated. I wasn’t in the mood for Daniel’s mind games.
“I’m saying your wife hasn’t entirely honest about what transpired between the two of us.” He said arrogantly.
“Between the two of you?” I probed; he made it sound so intimate. Like he knew something about my wife I didn’t. I took a deep breath, God better give me the restraint not to snap his neck. Was he implying that Lucky was lying to me?
“Look at you, she’s got you wrapped around her little finger, you can’t even see what’s right under your nose.” He said.
I watched him with a blank expression “Say what you want to say Daniel or get the hell out before this gets really ugly.” I said and he smiled.
“With pleasure.” He said then he leaned in “Listen up dear cousin.”
































5. Twice

Lucky POV

I showered after spending some time in Jesse’s impressive gym. I walked into my closet opting for a tank top and a pair of skinny jeans. I slipped into my black ankle boots and cropped Burberry jacket. I quickly ran my brush through my hair and tied it into a messy ponytail.
I then thought about paying Carmen a surprised visit, but decided to call first. I looked around for my phone then realized that I left it and my handbag downstairs. I walked out of the bedroom and headed to Jesse’s study. I opened the door
“Jesse…” I said and he was not there, that was odd. I thought he said I’d find him in there. I walked out closing the door behind me. I decided to just look for him outside; I went down the grand stairs.
I froze for a second as I saw him in the living room with Daniel, I continued down starting to panic. What was he doing here? Did he decide to tell Jesse himself? He did threaten to do so if I kept stalling. I wasn’t exactly dying to tear my entire life apart.
I quickly surveyed the mood, it was very dark and tense, and it sent a wave of uneasiness through my whole body.
They both looked at me and then dead silence filled the room, all I could hear was the rapid drumming of my heart and the clicking of my heels.
I walked towards them, Daniel flashed me a mischievous smile and Jesse only watched me with an unreadable expression. I hit full-blown panic mode.
“Daniel, what are you doing here?” I asked, my voice sounding very normal considering my inward turmoil.
“I was just explaining the real proceedings of our trip to Florida, your husband seems to have caught the wrong end of the stick. Or was that your fault?” he said with a disgusting smirk. I slowly turned my gaze to Jesse, who was still watching me with a blank expression that could chill a dead corpse.
Say something, anything please I thought desperately, and as if on cue his unwavering gaze shifted “At this point I don’t know what to believe Lucky, so why don’t you tell me the truth.” He said, with an ire calm voice then he turned his gaze to Daniel “You better hope your guardian angels are near if she tells me otherwise.” He added menacingly.
“What did you say?” I asked Daniel who shrugged nonchalantly
“I just told him about our passionate night together.” He said and I closed my eyes for a brief second, cursing him to hell.
“Lucky…?” Jesse probed more sharply, I was tongue-tied, and how could I begin to admit to something I didn’t do? Knowing all the destruction it will reek on our lives?
“You didn’t really shoot him down, did you?” he asked almost knowingly
I looked down “No.” I whispered “He’s telling the truth…I…we slept together.” I added, and saying that was harder than I could’ve ever imagined. 
Jesse looked away from me running his hand through his hair, I took steps towards him “Jesse it all happened so quickly I don’t how…” his icy gaze snapped back to me freezing me in place.
“Spare me the details.” He snapped, “You lied to me, you’ve been lying all this time. That’s what’s been eating you up? A guilty conscience, knowing you slept with him and lied about it!” He bellowed his blue gaze cutting me in half.
Daniel stood up “Well there you have it, I shagged the love of your life. Deal with it.” He said to Jesse.
I gasped when Jesse stood up and punched him and he staggered backwards. I watched in horror as Daniel tried fighting back but was no match for Jesse’s skills. Daniel was a good fighter and his retaliation was well calculated but Jesse was a former CIA elite agent. He had him pinned on the floor before he could do any serious damage and he threw another blood curdling punch. I’ve seen Jesse angry, and he hardly lost his cool but now he just looked murderous, if I didn’t stop this he could kill Daniel right there and then.
I ran towards him pulling at his arm “Jesse! Stop it!” I shrieked
“Get your hands off me!” he barked and as if I was electrocuted I let go of him, stepping away. I was the cause of all this, I had to end it too.
“There’s no use fighting him! He’s not the one who hurt you, I did!” I said and his fist froze in mid-air and his murderous gaze turned to me. He got off a grunting Daniel and I didn’t flinch or back away when he started towards me. His movement dark and graceful as a predator about to pounce on its prey.
I knew he’d never hurt me, but I had to lure him away from someone he certainly could. “You’re right, he’s just a worthless piece of shit who’d screw anything in a skirt.” He said “But you were my wife, I loved and trusted you deeply.” He added; the anger and coldness was gone from his eyes. All that was left was just pure and raw pain, he looked like I just took a knife and drove it in his heart. And that’s exactly what I did. My throat tightened and I could feel tears well up in my eyes but I bit them back. 
“I’m so sorry.” I whispered, “So am I, that you could betray me and our love. That all these years together meant nothing to you.” He said.
His eyes glazed over again “What I cannot wrap my head around Melissa is why, why?” he said “Do you not love me anymore?” he asked almost desperately. I stared at him, his gaze imprisoning mine; I was unable to say anything. Daniel had made it very clear that he wanted me to break his heart, and be very thorough. I couldn’t show emotion or even beg for forgiveness. He also added just what we both stand to lose if I don’t comply. I was rendered powerless.
I looked down and he grabbed my shoulders shaking me like a rag doll “Answer me!” he shouted.
I winced “You’re hurting me Jesse.” I whispered, not implying physically. He immediately let me go but his hand lingered on my shoulder “And you’ve hurt me more than you can imagine.” He added quietly, his hand traveling down my left arm. It felt more like a caress; he paused on my wrist then so swiftly pulled my ring off my finger.
I didn’t flinch but a small gasp escaped my lips, I don’t think he heard it because he immediately turned his back on me walking away.
If he had slapped me and called me every bad name he knew in every language he spoke, I was positive it couldn’t have hurt more than him taking his ring back. Him taking his love back.
He reached Daniel, who was still groaning in pain and pushed him with his foot “Get out.” He said his voice wiped clean of all emotion. He turned his icy gaze to me “The both of you.” He added. I looked at him bewildered; part of me had expected this but that didn’t make the pain any easier. Knowing the outcome couldn’t prepare me for the impact of his words or the way he looked at me now. Like I was no better than the ‘piece of shit’ struggling to get up.
I wouldn’t fight him, I would walk away but I couldn’t leave without my kids. My unexpected departure would hurt them.
“Where’s JT and Katelyn?” I asked and his expression darkened
“None of your damn concern.” He snapped. And I started taken aback. He wasn’t going to keep me away from them, was he?
“They’re my kids Jesse, I want to see them!” I said.
“Over my dead body. I’m not the only one you betrayed, they’ll be better off.” He said, I took a deep breath; I couldn’t reason with him and win now. I didn’t want to take them away from him, besides I didn’t even know where to go. But I just wanted to at leased say goodbye, so that they never think I abandoned them. Another thought came to me, they’d never let me leave without throwing the world’s biggest fit.
“Leave. I don’t ever want see you again.” He added; I saw it in his eyes then. There was no pain or hurt just bitter hate. I dropped my gaze and started to walk away. I grabbed my handbag off the coffee table and Daniel followed me towards the door. I didn’t dare look back to see if he was still standing there watching me, I had seen enough.
I reached for my purse and took out all the black credit cards that were in my name and put them on the table next to the door. I was never going to use them so what was the point of keeping them? I would only use mine.
Besides maybe that will reassure him that I wasn’t going to bother him. He wanted me out of his life, and I would oblige him.
Daniel opened the door and I walked outside, the sky was darkening and not because the sun was setting. There was a storm coming, how cliché, I thought. Even the weather resembled this entire mess.
“Get in the car sweet cheeks.” Daniel said and I didn’t even have enough fight in me to protest. I let the tears I’ve been holding back flood my face when he pulled out of the estate. I kept my gaze out the window but from the corner of my eye I thought I saw him reach out to me then decide against it.
“It had to be done, and to keep my end of the deal I’ll terminate all my pursuits and give him his company.”
“You were planning on telling him yourself, you just couldn’t let me do it.” I said not bothering to look at him. The car pulled into the streets of LA,
“Of course, I wanted to personally see the look on his face. And boy was it priceless.” He said with a chuckle and I shot him a glare.
“You’re pure evil. I should’ve let him kill you.” I snapped and he shrugged
“That would’ve caused more harm than good honestly.” He said nonchalantly.
“Stop the car.” I said, unable to breathe the same air as him any longer. “What?” he asked, “I said stop the car!” I shrieked and it pulled up on the side of the road. I reached for the doorknob opening it “Wait, where are you going?” he asked.
“As far away from you as possible.” I said then got out slamming the door behind me.
I started around the corner slipping the hoodie of my jacket on. Not really knowing where to go, I pulled out my iPhone. I didn’t feel like calling anyone or being with anyone. I just wanted to be alone in a quiet room, so I could fall apart peacefully, I’ll worry about tomorrow when I get there.
I searched for a nearby hotel on maps.






6. Acid Rain

Jesse POV

Kevin’s eyes were intent on my face, but I ignore them and the glint of concern they had. I turned in my chair standing up; I stood next to the glass wall to the view of LA. Thinking back to that day. 
JT and Katelyn couldn’t understand how their Mommy would just up and leave without saying goodbye. I made up an excuse why, I couldn’t tell them the real reason she left. What would I say to them?
There was a nasty thunderstorm that night and Katelyn is scared of them, it took a while and a lot of comforting for her to stop crying and asking for her mother.
I knew it was wrong to keep them away from her. If I was truly honest with myself I feared that given the chance, they’d want to go with her than stay with me. I couldn’t lose my entire family in one day.
Now a week later, they miss her and the worst part was that I missed her too. Terribly. Try as I might I couldn’t get her out of my head, and the questions; where was she? Who was she with? Was she okay? Was she thinking about me?
Nor could I get the thought of her betrayal out of my head either.
The saddest part was loving someone to the point where you’re willing to overlook infidelity just to get them back. Willing to accept any scraps they could offer just to have them with you. That’s what every part of my mind, body and soul wanted; it wanted her back, despite everything. What kind of besotted and weak fool was I?
I guess I expected her to fight for me, fight for our love but she didn’t. She just left, just like that, without even a backward glance. Leaving me the credit cards I gave her, as if I would care if she used them or not. She couldn’t have said she doesn’t need me any more bluntly. Or that cutting her losses from me wasn’t so hard. She couldn’t even answer me when I asked if she still loved me. That was another knife in my heart,
I knew she loved me at some point but did that change along the way? I was never under the impression that she was unhappy.
Unless she pretended for JT and Katelyn’s sake, I know her well enough to know she wouldn’t think twice about bending backwards and forwards for them.
She did call them on some days, and that made them happy. It was also a reminder that she didn’t try to call me not even once, either way I doubted it would make much of a difference if she did. I watched the sun begin to set,
I was tired of being a mess over a woman who probably doesn’t care about me right now. I needed to get out and forget her even just for one night. I then got an idea that put a smile on my lips; I turned to Kevin who looked at me in question.
“I just remembered that I’m Jesse Gilbert, the world is my oyster.” I said looking at the city of LA beneath me. I can have any woman I want, why pine over just one?
“Go get ready buddy, we’re going out.” I said clearing my table and putting my jacket on. I grabbed my briefcase going around my table then he stood in front of me.
“That’s probably not such a good idea.” He said and I raised my eyebrows at him
“Why the hell not?” I asked and he sighed
“Well first of all we can’t go hitting the clubs and flirting with women, I’m married and technically so are you.” He said and my jaw tightened.
“You don’t really want to do this.” He added and I raised my chin,
“I don’t?” I challenged, “What are you trying to do here Kevin?”
“I’m trying to be a good friend and save you from yourself.” He said with a smile.
“Last time I checked I didn’t need saving. So your services are quite sufficient Mr. Philips.” I said and he chuckled.
“Probably, but I’m also trying to save you from the regret you’ll surely feel.” He said,
“Regret?” I asked and he sighed
“Yes, you’ll go out and you’ll have a great time. But you’ll wake up with the world’s biggest hangover and naked next to some woman you’ve never seen in your life.” He said, my gaze narrowed, “Would that be such a bad thing?” I asked
“Yes, you’re only doing this because you’re angry and hurt, and you want to get her out of your head. I know; I’ve been there over Celeste.” He said, then paused “The fact is that you still love her, and still feel a sense of devotion to her. Its for that reason that you’ll regret every single moment, and that feeling can cripple you mate.” He said solemnly. 
I slowly applauded him “That was a really epic speech my friend, I’m sold. But are you done being my mother? Because I need a wingman.” I said and he hung his head in defeat. “Fine, I’ll call Carmen.” He said and I smiled
“You do that.” I said patting his shoulder and walking past him. He followed me out chuckling while shaking his head.
“Everybody should be worried, you’re morphing back into the old you.” He said and I chuckled “Maybe the old me is exactly what the doctor ordered.” I said.
He pressed the elevator button and the doors opened up “That doctor needs to be put out of practice.” He added and I threw my head back laughing as the doors closed. 

I revved my Bugatti parking it on the side of the road, next a popular club. It just recently opened and it was a hotspot for anyone who was anyone. Minutes later a black Lexus pulled up behind me and I smiled getting out.
“I thought you weren’t going to show up.” I said to Kevin, who unzipped his leather jacket smiling “Well someone needs to babysit you.” He teased.
“Ha ha.” I said as we walked towards the bouncer and he nodded in acknowledgement and stepped aside for us. We walked into the place going into the VIP lounge. “I can see what the hype is all about with this place.” Kevin said over the dance music, which was lower from up here. I nodded smiling “You still think this is a bad idea?”
“Yeah, I do.” He said and I rolled my eyes taking another sip of my drink. I looked over the woman whose been eyeing me since we walked in. She was pretty, she had long brown hair, a petite body, she’ll do just fine I thought.
I smiled and raised my glass in her direction; she grinned and said something to the small group of women she was with. 
“Peter is here, let’s go say hi.” Kevin said 
“You go ahead, I have prey to stalk.” I said keeping my gaze on the woman, Kevin chuckled “Alright then, happy hunting.” He said and I flashed him a smile and he walked away. I put my glass on the bar counter and walked over to her table, the small chatter abruptly stopped when I came closer.
“Ladies.” I nodded in greeting and they all mumbled coy greetings, I looked at the brown haired one and held out my hand to her. “You don’t mind if I take your friend away, do you?” I asked them, keeping my gaze on her beckoning her to come with me. She took my hand standing up with an almost hypnotized look in her dark brown eyes.
“Bring her back to us.” Said the blonde who was sitting next to her,
“I can’t promise that.” I said flashing them a mischievous smile and they all chuckled. I put my hand on the small of her back leading her to an empty booth; it allowed more privacy. I flashed her a charming smile “Jesse Gilbert.” I said holding out my hand and she smiled back placing hers in it “Emily Swanson.” She said and I kissed her hand “It’s a pleasure.” I added motioning her to sit.
We chat for a while and initially she was a bit reserved but soon enough she started to let go and flirt back, scooting closer to me.
“This was supposed to be a girl’s night out. No boys allowed.” She said looking at her friends who were still watching us intently.
“Well, I’m no boy.” I said and she chuckled, eyeing me up and down “True, hence the exception.” She said and I smiled.
“They’re just waiting to see what’s going to happen.” She said and I ran my fingers along her jawline “I’m sure they’d appreciate a show.” I said huskily and she batted her eyelashes “What kind of show did you have in mind?” She whispered.
I leaned in to kiss her and her hand went to the back of my neck meeting me halfway. I kissed her waiting for the electrical spark to form between us and it never came. She was pretty and fun, I had no reason not to be attracted to her, but I just wasn’t in love with her. The only reason why I was here kissing her was because the one I really wanted walked out on me. The realization that the memory of her would haunt me forever was bewildering.
Kevin said I was morphing into the old me; that was the thing; I hated the old me, I always did. But I loved whom I was when I was with her. He was right; I didn’t really want to do this, I only thought I did.
Emily sighed when we broke our kiss “You’re every woman’s dream come true Jesse, you really are.” She said “You’re a great kisser too, but I’m positive you’d blow my mind if I was the one you really want.” She added almost sadly.
“Excuse me?” I said, taken aback
“You’re hung up on someone.” She said, sure of herself “I would know, I was once a rebound girl. I thought I could make him get over her but he just ended up going back to her.” She added.
My brows furrowed “I’m sorry.” I said; she was clearly heartbroken.
She smiled slightly “I knew what I was getting myself into, I was the one who settled for being a substitute and I really don’t want to go back to being that.”
“I’m sorry. You’re impossibly gorgeous and you’ve got the seduction thing down to a tee. I’m sure if you would’ve set your sights on someone less fucked up than I ‘am they would’ve been more than happy to get your mind off whoever she is.” She said and I smiled at her.
“I think setting my sights on you was actually my saving grace.” I said and she smiled back “You’re a beautiful woman Emily, you shouldn’t have to be a substitute.” I added truthfully and her smile turned into a grin
“Aw and he’s sweet too. Damn, I’m so going to kick myself for this in the morning.” She said more to herself and I chuckled “You got a good sense of humor.” I said.
“Yeah, its one of my quirks.” She said playfully then sipped her drink “Spill about this mystery woman of yours, what happened with her?” she asked.
I paused a little, surprised at the turn of events. We just went from being potential lovers to bonding over our broken hearts. There was a sense of comfort talking to her and she seemed like a genuinely good person. I was surprised she didn’t know who I was right off the bat; she probably isn’t a follower of celebrity gossip. Even so, something told me I could trust her, I sighed. “She cheated on me.” I said and Emily nearly choked on her drink.
“What! That’s crazy, I was under the impression that you’re the ultimate. That women often cheat on their husbands and boyfriends with men like you. Not the other way around!” she said and I laughed at her abandon.
“Well um…thanks.” I said and she laughed too
“Hell she better be the queen of Venus or something or I will kick her ass personally if I come across her,” she said and I laughed harder. Funny that she didn’t even know whom she was talking about.
“In that case, be careful, she tends to fight back.” I said and she nodded
“I’ll keep that in mind.” She said finishing her drink and checking her watch.
“I have to go, there’s somewhere I need to be first thing tomorrow.” She said 
“I’ll give you a ride.” I offered and she smiled, “Thank you,” she said then we went out of the club. I opened the car door for her and she whistled under her breath
“I was making a list about you, now I can tick filthy rich as well. I never rode in a Veyron before.” She said, “Except for this one time at a movie set and it wasn’t even the real one.” She added getting in.
I got in the driver’s seat starting it “You’re an actress?” I asked
“Yeah, my career just took off, I’m not exactly Angelina Jolie just yet.” She said and I smiled “You’ll get there. Consider me a fan.” I said.
“Thanks. Its good to know I have fans in all the right places.” She said and I chuckled
“If that’s your smart way of asking me to put in a good word for you then it’ll be my pleasure.” I said and she smiled sheepishly.
I left Emily at her villa in Beverly Hills and drove back home. When I arrived I went to JT and Katelyn’s rooms, they were both asleep so I kissed them goodnight and closed the doors behind me.

I sipped my coffee, eyeing Katelyn with a pleading look but she looked the other way pouting and crossing her arms.
“Eat your breakfast my angel.” I said again and she shook her head
“I don’t want to, I miss Mommy, I want Mommy Daddy.” She said and I sighed. I looked at Maria and she shrugged with a look that said ‘can’t help you’
JT just watched the whole scene silently.
“We’ve been through this angel, Mommy has somewhere she needs to be right now.” I said she looked the other way again.
I shook my head; she was as stubborn as her mother that was for sure. She was just like her; all she was missing was Lucky’s green eyes.
“If I promise to bring Mommy, will you co-operate?” I asked and her eyes brightened and she quickly nodded.
“Alright, now eat.” I said and she smiled digging in.
After work I settled in my study, I was stalling but I promised Katelyn I’d call Lucky. I sighed and pulled out my phone.




 

 

7. Alibi

Lucky POV

I ran my hand through my hair and jumped onto the bed opening up my laptop, work and trying to infiltrate G-Industries was the only way I kept myself sane. I couldn’t let myself dwell on just how much I’d lost; the pain itself was bad enough.
My eyes wandered around my suite and it was comfortable, not the 5 star ones the Gilberts were accustomed to but it was okay.
With my promotion last year my paycheck was substantial enough, I could afford a new small wardrobe that was mainly inspired by Ally and Mandy. I also rented the latest GTI, and in a moment of impulse I thought about buying. I slightly smiled, Jesse’s love for fast cars rubbed off on me.
My smile fell all too quickly, maintaining routine and a sense of continuity was the only way I could deal with everything. But coming back to an empty suite with no one here to hold me, kiss me…never got any easier.
I shook off the wave of misery and willed myself to concentrate. I looked at into G-Industries’ company records and management structures. It was every hard to get concrete information, every thing was very vague. I mostly hit a dead end, I sighed Jesse was very private, even when it comes to his company. If I was going to succeed in ensuring Daniel does not take it away, I was going to need help from the inside. I thought about who could possibly help me, I needed someone with influence, and someone I could trust.
Ben came into mind, he has proven that I could trust him countless times and he’s a member of the board. He and Jesse are close, if I asked him to meet me would he come? Even so, he’ll demand answers first; that was fair enough but could I trust that he wouldn’t tell Jesse first chance he gets? That would ruin everything. If Daniel were to learn about what I was trying to do he might follow through with his threat and pull the plug on everything. Then all of this would be in vain.
Just then my phone rang and I groaned; I completely shut out the entire world. I didn’t take calls or make them, except to my kids. Carmen is very upset that I’ve been pushing her away over this. She’s far too suspicious, she doesn’t buy the whole I slept with Daniel story, she believes I’m hiding something and she seems determined to find out what.
My phone rang again and I sighed sneaked a peek at the caller ID, I almost knocked my laptop over trying to reach for it. I quickly answered
“Jesse” I said, and then cursed inwardly at my tone of voice.
“The kids miss you, they want to see you.” He said and I sighed inwardly, closing my eyes at the sound of his deep voice “I know. I miss them too.” I said and I miss you I thought helplessly.
“Meet us at the Clover Park, tomorrow at noon.” He said and I looked down at my hands, feeling stupid that I thought he might be calling me for me.
“I’ll be there.” I said and then the line went dead. I slowly put my phone back on the nightstand, and closed my laptop too. I wrapped my arms around my legs.
What has become of my marriage? I then glanced at my vacant ring finger and I remembered that there is no marriage.
I lied back down on the pillows, sobs starting to shake my whole body.
I woke up with sore eyes from crying myself to sleep; I even fell asleep in my clothes. I glanced at the clock and it was 8 am, I quickly sat up and cursed, I was late.
Then I remembered that it was a Saturday, I fell back down on the bed in a fit of humorless laughter. I’m a mess I thought pathetically.
After showering I threw on a green short jumpsuit, leaving the two first buttons undone and I put on my locket. I never went anywhere without it.
I wore a pair of black wedges and I brushed my hair leaving it down, lazy to do anything fancy with it. I was excited to see my kids, I missed them but I was nervous to see Jesse as well. I haven’t seen him since I left the estate that day. I grabbed my handbag and walked out of my suite.
After I went to the hotel’s diner for a quick breakfast I got in my red car and started it, after it purred to life I set up the GPS. I wasn’t sure where that park was but I knew it was in Santa Monica, which was a 15-minute drive.
I put on my sunglasses, silently appreciating the sunny weather. I arrived at the park and I looked around, then I saw the familiar Mercedes SUV parked from afar.
I parked and got out, walking towards the car, I smiled when the doors opened and Katelyn and JT both came running to me.
I slid my sunglasses to the crown of my head and caught Katelyn in my arms “Ah you get bigger by the day.” I teased her and she giggled, “I’m just growing mama.” She said and I smiled at her then hugged JT, I playfully pinched his cheeks knowing that he doesn’t like it. “Mom!” he said leaning away.
“Don’t take that tone with me young man, you’re still my little boy.” I said with mock anger and he laughed “I missed you too Mom.” He said.
We walked back to Jesse, who was leaning against the car watching us. After spending so much time not seeing him, the force of how truly gorgeous he was hit me anew. “Hey.” I said self-consciously.
“Hi.” He replied but there was no feeling in it. He was wearing a brown tee and a pair of black jeans. My eyes lingered on how the tee clung to his muscles and I was suddenly overcome with the urge to touch him. If my mind wouldn’t admit I missed him my body certainly did. I blinked twice and willed myself not to blush at my own indecent thoughts.
“I’ll be back to pick them up later.” He said, then he affectionately patted JT’s hair and leaned into me to kiss Katelyn’s forehead. His close proximity allowed me a whiff of his unique and delicious scent.
“Or…you could stay?” I said and it wasn’t supposed to be a question, there was something in his eyes but before I could read it, it was gone.
His gaze went to the locket around my neck “I thought I made myself clear the other day.” He said, his voice and expression giving nothing away.
I don’t ever want see you again how could I forget that? I dropped my eyes unable to meet his indifferent gaze anymore. With that he got back in his car and Katelyn waved at him,
“Bye Daddy.” She said “Goodbye my angel” he said over his open window “Bye Buddy.” He added to JT “Sure thing Dad.” He replied and the car pulled out of the parking lot, I watched it until it disappeared.
We walked over to my car “Mommy? Why won’t Daddy stay with us?” Katelyn asked and I sighed inwardly “Daddy’s very busy sweetie, he’ll be back.” I said.
“Where are we going Mom?” JT asked and I smiled at him through the rearview mirror
“To the pier, I heard there are some new rides.” I said and he smiled.
“Cool.” He said then he frowned “Mom where have you been? Dad said you had to go somewhere.” He said and I paused.
Jesse didn’t tell them the real reason why I left, but then if I were in his shoes I wouldn’t have either. “I had to go out of town for a research program.” I said.
“Are you going back?” he asked and I nodded frowning at his disappointed expression “Yeah, unfortunately.” I said.
“When are you coming back home Mommy?” Katelyn asked, “We miss you, Daddy misses you too.” She added and I paused in slight shock. I quickly dismiss that thought; refusing to delude myself into thinking Jesse cared anymore.
“I’m not sure honey.” I said, that could probably be never and that thought brought me extreme sadness. I pulled up outside of the pier
“Let’s go have some fun!” I said and they both smiled getting out of the car.
We sat on the park bench finishing up our cotton candy as we waited for Jesse to arrive. Minutes later the M-Class came into view.
“Daddy’s here.” I said to them then it parked in front of us “Dad!” JT said to Jesse when he stepped out “Hey buddy, did you have fun?” he asked with a smile.
“Yeah, you should’ve been there Dad the new rollercoaster is awesome.” He said getting in the front seat.
I put Katelyn in the back seat locking in her seatbelt and she tugged at my arm “Mommy I don’t want you to go back, I want you to come with us.” She said in the brink of tears. I hated putting them through this; I could see that even JT was upset in our car ride to the pier, except he was trying to be strong. Not knowing what else to say I turned my gaze to Jesse silently asking him for help. I breathed easy when he worked his magic on her.
“Thank you.” I said to him, “Sure.” He said then he got in the driver’s seat.
I leaned into Katelyn’s window “I need you to be a big girl for me okay?” I asked and she nodded “Don’t give Daddy any trouble, I’ll see you soon. I love you.” I said and she slightly smiled at me.
I went to JT in the front and kissed him on the cheek, he actually smiled at the gesture “Be good.” I said and he chuckled but I could see a glint of sadness in his blue eyes. “When am I never Mom?” he said and I smiled at him. 
I stepped away from the car then the engine purred to life. I turned my gaze to Jesse and he spared me a brief look before the car moved. I watched the Mercedes drive away with every last piece of my heart; I touched my locket absently as I turned and walked back to my car.
I got inside and sat just trying to get a grip on my emotions. We couldn’t keep this up; sooner or later we were going to have to tell them the real reason why I can never come back home. I chuckled without humor, the real reason? None of them knew the real reason. The line between truth and lie tends to get blurred, even to someone who knows both. I even had myself convinced that I deserved something I truly didn’t.
The sad part was that my kids were the ones suffering the most, they wanted both Jesse and I together. That was home for them.
I didn’t want them to grow up like this; every child deserves to grow up in a home where both the father and mother are there for them. I was fortunate to have that before my Dad passed, and I hated depriving my kids of it.
I wiped the tears that managed to escape and I started the car.




8. Signs

Lucky POV

I drove to the mall; I needed a couple of supplies and groceries. After parking the car I pulled on my hoodie. The last thing I needed was to get recognized, I tried to stay out of the public eye as much as I could. The media was going crazy speculating the reason for Jesse and I’s separation. Most of them said it was a love triangle involving Daniel but I was surprised when none of them mentioned my unfaithfulness to Jesse.
I wondered if that were his doing, then again why would he try and protect my good name? He hates me. One phone call from him and I’ll be known as the whore who cheated with the cousin.
I went into the first building in the plaza, went in a couple of shop but they didn’t have what I was looking for so I decided go to another building. Before I could exit I saw a flower shop, they had beautiful roses and flowers on display. I got closer to the window and caught a glimpse of red tulips. My brows furrowed as I continued to stare at them, they were just a reminder of what I lost.
Whenever you look at them, remember my love. Remember that it will never waver, that it will keep you safe and happy.
I shied away from the pain and quickly turned walking away, only to bump into someone. “Oh God, I’m so sorry, I didn’t watch where I was going.” I said to the stranger.
“Its okay.” A woman said with a smile, she had short platinum blonde hair and lite brown eyes; she looked friendly. I then realized that she dropped her magazine; I bent down to pick it up for her. I held the magazine in my hands as I saw the front page. “May I?” I asked her absently and didn’t even wait for her response. I turned to the page of cover story and I frowned at a picture of Jesse with a brown haired woman, she was very beautiful. There was a picture of them at a table laughing and another one with him leaning to her as if going to kiss her.
The article read;
Jesse Gilbert was seen getting hot and heavy with budding actress Emily Swanson at LA’s new trendy club. He must’ve taken a liking into her because the pair was later on spotted leaving together. Is Jesse trying to send Lucky a message? Or has he really replaced the world most beautiful woman? 
Then there was a picture of me outside the Berkshire Hathaway building and they zoomed in on my ring finger. The picture had the tag
‘Lucky has been seen without her impeccable rock’
Both parties are very secretive and neither of their representatives can be reached for comment. Is America’s favorite couple headed down splitsville? 
I took a sharp breath “You don’t like it either huh?” the blonde asked me and I looked at her dumbfounded “Excuse me?” I asked.
“Their supposed ‘break-up’.” She said with a displeased tone “It’s all wrong, they’re supposed to be together.” She added and I looked at her awestruck. I never really understood how invested some people were in Jesse and I’s relationship. It was endearing but they cannot look to us for what a perfect relationship is supposed to be like; we are not perfect.
“Besides Emily Swanson has nothing on…” she trailed off with a gasp “Oh my God, you’re her, you’re Lucky Gilbert!” she said and I blinked twice and looked around, no one else seemed to be paying attention to us. I decided to play dumb
I started shaking my head “No…I’m not.” I said convincingly and she eyed me intently “You’re not?” she asked and I shook my head again “Wow you look exactly like her its actually freaky.” She added, chuckling uneasily.
“I know, I get that a lot, many people tend to mistake me for her, but I’m not.” I said and she nodded “Hmm, makes sense though. She is prettier.” She said then looked me up and down; “And dresses better. No offense.” She said sheepishly and I nearly cracked up “None taken.” I said stifling a laugh, “She is the queen bee after all.” I added mocking the nickname the media gave me.
“I know right?” she said smiling then frowned again “And the queen is supposed to be with the king.” She added. I looked down.
“What if the king doesn’t want the queen?” I asked, somehow wanting to hear a stranger’s opinion no matter how narrow and a little biased it was.
“Then what? He can’t possible do better than the queen.” She said and I slightly smiled. I wonder what she’d think of the ‘queen’ if she heard the whole story.
I gave her magazine back to her “Thank you…?” I asked and 
“Oh, Jennifer.” She said and I nodded “It was nice talking to you Jennifer.” I added and she smiled “Who are you, the queen’s doppelganger?” She teased and I chuckled
“I’m Kate.” I said, she said goodbye and walked passed me. I went through the exit and pulled my hoodie tighter I didn’t want to get almost recognized again, I slightly smiled. It was fun to pretend to be someone else for a short while. I sighed thinking back to the article
Maybe Jesse has replaced me, who could fault him? And no doubt he has his pick, women are probably crawling all over him now. I flinched at the thought of him and that Emily woman; did he kiss her like he used to kiss me? Or touch her and make love to her like he did to me?
Seeing him with another woman sort of felt like the final nail on the coffin, I’d truly lost him. I turned to cross the road to the other building when an ear-splitting scream broke through my distraction. I looked towards it and I saw a woman with her hand on her mouth looking at me in horror and the man with her screamed at me to get out of the way.
My head snapped to the van that was coming towards me, at considerably slow speed. I wondered if that was how adrenaline felt like. At the back of my mind I knew that car was travelling very fast and was going to hit me in a few seconds if I didn’t move. Finally my body reacted and I tried to leap out of its way but everything went blank…












9. Begin Again

Jesse POV

I dropped JT and Katelyn off at Ally and Mandy’s place; they loved to visit them just as much as Kevin and Carmen. They also loved having them over. I came back home to get some work done.
I was able to do that for a while until thoughts of Lucky invaded my mind again. I sighed in exasperation. Seeing her yesterday didn’t do my sanity any justice, I was only just reminded why I missed her so much. And how much I wanted her, it took everything I had to keep my eyes off her in that sexy little jumpsuit she wore. Her incredible legs and modest cleavage on display made my entire body ache. 
I groaned trying to push her out of my mind and a wave of uneasiness washed over me.
The more I tried ignoring this feeling was the more it came. I shook my head and suddenly I couldn’t get rid of this voice in my head telling me something is wrong. Something is wrong with Lucky.
I’m losing my freaking mind I thought to myself in slight anger. I willed myself to forget her, but the feeling never left me, I could even feel the slight tremor in my hand. I curse out loud then pulled out my phone, calling her; and it sent me straight to voice mail. I cursed again getting off my chair, just then my phone rang.
“Gilbert.” I answered impatiently,
“Hello Mr. Gilbert, this is Doctor Jenson from Good Samaritan Hospital.” A man said,
I slowly sat back down on my chair. “Your wife has been admitted at our hospital. She was involved in a car accident.” He said I nodded to myself, understanding that wretched feeling now “How is she?” I asked, my voice steady as my world came crashing down.
“I’m sorry but we don’t prefer to discuss our patient’s condition over the phone.” He said, “I understand, I’ll be right over.” I said and hung up.
My head slipped into my hands, the thought that I might just be losing her all over again hit me like a ton of bricks, the pain beginning again.
I stood up and went out of my study; she had to be okay, for all of our sakes.
I came across Maria in the hallway and she could sense something was wrong because she stopped me “Where are you going?” she asked.
“To the hospital.” I said and her brows furrowed in question “Lucky was in a car accident.” I clarified and she gasped dropping the vase she was carrying “Is she…” “I’m going to find out.” I cut her off starting down the stairs.
I got in my Aston Martin and drove out. I chuckled without humor, here I was speeding to her side, with the way I feel about her it was bound to happen one way or another.
I arrived at the hospital and sat in the waiting room anxiously,
“Mr. Gilbert?” I looked up at the nurse “Yes.” I said and she smiled
“Your wife’s doctor will be with you shortly.” She said and I nodded. Ten minutes later a man in a white coat walked towards me. I stood up and he offered his hand
“Mr. Gilbert, I’m Doctor Jenson.” He said and I shook it nodding.
“Your wife is fine Mr. Gilbert.” He said and I closed my eyes for a second in relief “She just sustained minor cuts and bruises, nothing fatal. She’s unconscious but with the sedatives we gave her she’ll come around tomorrow morning.” He added.
My brows furrowed “What happened doctor?” I asked.
“I’m not sure but from the report they gave me she was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.” He said “She was crossing the road when the driver of a van lost control of it heading straight for her.” he added. I breathed in a rush
“She tried getting out of the way, and that probably is what saved her life. But it wasn’t quick enough to avoid impact.” He said and I flinched.
“Had she not moved?” I asked and his eyes tightened
“At the speeds which the car was going to collide with her, it most likely would’ve killed her or paralyzed her.” he said.
“Can I see her?” I asked “We’re still running a couple of tests, she’ll come out of the ER tonight, you’ll see her then.” He said and I nodded stiffly.
“Thank you.” I said and he nodded then he walked away with some nurse who gave him a file. I sat back down and pulled out my phone.

I’d finished sipping coffee, when I saw a couple exiting while carrying their newborn; I then remembered the day JT was born. That was one of the happiest days of my life. I threw the empty cup in a trashcan and just then a different nurse came to me.
“Mr. Gilbert?” she asked and I nodded “Follow me.” she added.
We got into the elevators and went further up then she left me at the door of ward 3, she smiled and walked away.
I opened the door and walked into the silent room, the only sound came from the EKG. I walked over to Lucky’s bedside and pulled up a chair.
I watched her motionless form; she hardly looked alive. I studied her face; she had a small scrape on her forehead and her lower lip hand a small cut. I couldn’t see the rest of her but her arms had a few bruises and bandages.
I wasn’t prepared for the throng of emotions I would feel seeing her like this. In the midst of everything, the hurt and heartbreak between us, she almost died. Died on our kids and me.
I took her soft hand in mine and kissed it, never looking away from her face.
“Why must you torture me this way little one?” I whispered.
An hour later a knock came on the door and Carmen walked in, “Hey.” She said to me. “My God.” She whispered her brows furrowed in worry, gently cupping Lucky’s cheek.
She grabbed a chair and sat on her other side “Thanks for calling me,” she said and I nodded “What did the doctor say?” she asked.
“She’s fine, just unconscious. They say she’ll come around tomorrow.” I said looking at Lucky. “Where’s JT and Katelyn?” she asked.
“At Ally and Mandy’s” I said and she paused “Did you tell them?” she asked and I shook my head “I don’t think telling them is such a good idea, they’ll lose it.” I said and she slightly smiled.
“Yeah, I think Lucky would want them to worry either.” She said.
Carmen paused for a while eyeing me, but I kept my gaze on Lucky as if she’d open her eyes if I kept watching.
“She didn’t do it you know.” Carmen said suddenly and I met her gaze in question
“The whole Daniel thing.” She said and I raised my eyebrow at her.
“She loves you, I’m positive she’d never do something like this.” She added and my gaze narrowed
“I thought so too.” I said “But she looked me in the eye and told me herself, what am I supposed to believe then?” I asked, and she gave an exasperated sigh 
“She’s hiding something.” She whispered almost to herself. 
“Like what?” I probed,
“I don’t know, she won’t tell me and she keeps avoiding me,” she said, talking about this only brought back unpleasant memories. Carmen wanted to believe the best in her friend and I wanted to believe the best in my wife. I would’ve agreed with her if I didn’t watch her leave with Daniel myself.
“Carmen look, she’s your best friend and you’re looking out for her. I respect that.” I said “But leave this alone, she’s not telling you anything because there is nothing to tell. She did what she said she did, we are powerless to change that.” I added.
“So you’re just going to give up on her?” She asked and my mood darkened
“What do you want me to do Carmen?” I asked, besides she wasn’t exactly crawling back to me begging for forgiveness. “She’s the who didn’t honor her vows, I could leave and never come back.” I added with slight anger. 
“But you’re here right?” she said and I watched her silently, she shook her head “I’m sorry, that was out of line.” She added then let the topic drop.
She stayed for a while then left, I for one remained. 
I woke up, running my hand over my stiff neck. I checked my watch and it was past 5 am. I then started debating if I should stay until she wakes up or leave before she does. A part of me wanted to be here when she did, and another part of me was still bitter and angry over what happened.
I love her, if this could not change that, nothing will. But her sleeping with Daniel was a knife to my heart; it left a wound I don’t think I’ll ever heal from.





























10. Lithium

Lucky POV

I woke up trying to open my eyes but my eyelids felt a little too heavy, I struggled again and my eyes opened.
“There you are.” I heard a woman say but I was too baffled by the strange room I was in “Where am I?” I asked my voice sounding coarse.
I shifted and pain shot through my entire body “Ow” I said lying still again
“Be careful, we have to get some food into your system before we give you painkillers.” The woman said but I didn’t know what she was talking about. Then I noticed all the hospital equipment, I was in a hospital.
“Why am I in a hospital?” I asked with slight alarm
“You were hit by a van sweetie, the doctor say you are very fortunate, you didn’t sustain any serious injuries.” The lady said, “You don’t remember?”
I shook my head “Well that’ll explain why my entire body is sore.” I said and she smiled at me. I studied her more, she was young, probably even started working here.
“Don’t worry about the loss of memory, its only temporary. Everything will come back when the sedatives wear off completely.” She said and I nodded.
“I’m nurse Hart, but you can call me Kim.” She said with a warm smile, which I returned. She then started taking my blood pressure
“Oh a woman named Carmen Philips was here yesterday, she said to tell you she’ll be back as soon as she can.” She said and I nodded.
“So was that hunky husband of yours. A friend of mine said he stayed the whole night. He must’ve been pretty shaken up.” She said and I started in shock.
“Jesse was here?” I asked stunned; he came to see me? He stayed the night?
She nodded “Oh is that his name? Suits him.” She said, “He’s quite a sight, I’m green with envy.” She said playfully.
I was the last person who needed a reminder about Jesse’s attributes. “W-where is he? Is he here?” I asked still shocked.
“Oh no honey, he left really early. Is there somewhere he has to be?” she asked and bitter disappointment quickly replaced the shock. Yes, as far away from me as possible I thought.
“I’m not sure, but he’s a workaholic.” I said lamely and she nodded.
How could I delude myself into thinking him being here means he still cares? He hates you remember? I thought pathetically. He probably didn’t even want to be here, but they called him because legally he’s still my husband. I wondered how much longer I had to call him that.
“Are you okay sweetie? You in pain?” Kim asked and I shook my head, not the kind of pain she was referring to.
She finished doing her little tests with me “We’re looking good, Doctor Jenson will be with you shortly.” She said, “I’ll see about your breakfast,” she added and I thanked her then she walked out.

I finished eating and they gave me painkillers that numbed the throbbing soreness, but I felt even better when I saw Carmen come in the room. She smiled at her and I did as well,
“You have no idea how happy I’ am to see you with your eyes open.” She said carefully hugging me “It seemed like you’d never wake up.” She added sitting on the chair beside the bed. “Don’t ever scare us like that again.” She said and I grimaced
“I’ll try my hardest.” I said, “The nurse told me you were here yesterday.”
“Yeah, I was with Jesse too. He’s the one who called me,” she said and I just nodded.
“I don’t know what to make of him being here.” I said 
“It means he cares.” She said; I shook my head.
“Or that he wanted to finish the van’s job.” I said and Carmen frowned,
“Did those sedatives get into your brain, because you’re talking crazy,” She said and I slightly smiled at her mock anger.
She eyed me for a while “How are you feeling?” she asked, “I’m fine, I guess.” I said slightly shrugging “I still can’t wrap my head around all of this.” I added gesturing at me being in a hospital.
“But I remember being on that road watching my impending doom and thinking about moving. I knew if I didn’t I’d die, all I could think about was Jesse and my kids, what a sad memory I’d leave them with.” I said.
Carmen continued to listen silently; I winced when I turned abruptly, she leaned in concerned and I shook my head at her.
I chuckled without humor “Don’t sympathize, maybe God is just punishing me for hurting Jesse.” I said, “I could’ve died yesterday.”
“But you didn’t, maybe that’s a sign instead.” She said, “A sign?” I asked. 
“That you need to come clean about this situation, that you need to start telling the real truth Lucky.” She said and I sighed inwardly. She was never going to let this go, was she? Then I remembered her telling me that investigative journalism was her second passion.
“What makes you think I’m not telling the truth?” I said and she threw her arms up
“Because I know you! I know how you feel about him. I was there when you thought he died, that’s the reason why I refuse to believe you slept with that pig!” she said raising her voice then paused taking a calming breath “I’m sorry.” She added.
I shook my head at her “I made a mistake Carmen, and I’m paying for it,” I said,
“Bullshit, you’re not fooling me. You’re hiding something Mel, I can feel it,” She said then I averted my gaze keeping quiet. Carmen was this close to blowing my secret sky-high and there was no stopping her once she thinks she’s onto something.
She paused “You know I love you and that you can trust me right?” She asked more softly and I just nodded. “Tell me what’s going on in that head of yours?”
“Nothing’s going on.” I said and she sighed
“If so then make me understand why you’d do this. Why you’d put yourself, him and your kids through this hurt. Why you’d break up your whole family. What was it all for in the end?” She asked. Her questions struck a chord but I kept silent.
She took a long look at me then stood up to leave “Wait…don’t go, please.” I said and she stopped. I swallowed the lump in my throat
“I’m all alone, my Mom and Jenna are miles away, my kids are not here right now and my husband wants nothing more to do with me. I sort of need my best friend right now.” I said and she sat back down with a remorseful look
“Aw Mel I wasn’t…I wasn’t leaving you.” She said, “I was going to get us coffee and pour some truth serum into it,” She added and I chuckled then nodded.
She stood up again heading for the door, “You want anything with your coffee?” she asked and I shook my head “No truth serum.” I said and she laughed.
“Scout’s honor.” She said, and then paused “Remember that all of the people you just mentioned love you very much Lucky.” She added, and simply I nodded there was no use in arguing with her.

Later in the day Carmen had to leave, but before I could lose myself in depression I was shocked when Maria and Angie walked into the room.
They both smiled taking turns kissing my cheek “My God, its so good to see you.” I said smiling.
“You too girl, we thought we lost you back there.” Angie said
“Yes and I dropped a very expensive vase in shock.” Maria said in mock anger and I chuckled “Sorry.” I said.
“Where are my kids?” I asked and they both took seats on both my sides
“They’re back home with Jesse.” Angie said and I nodded.
“Did he tell them about me?” I asked and Maria shook her head, I breathed easily. I didn’t want them to worry over nothing.
“Does he know you’re here?” I asked staring at my hands
“We told him we’re going to the shops.” Maria said and I nodded, it made sense now.
“Would he have let you come if he knew?” I asked and they both gave me a knowing look. “Honey you know him better than that.” Maria said, and I sighed. I was making him sound heartless, which is the last thing he was. Just because he didn’t want to be anywhere near me didn’t mean he’d stop others from coming to see me as well.
“I know, I do. I just…I wanted him to be here.” I said without thinking, and then I cursed inwardly. I just made it sound as if I didn’t want them here,
“I didn’t mean it like that.” I said and Angie shook her head smiling.
“We know.” She said and I blushed.

Later that evening my doctor discharged under very strict instructions to take it easy. Which included work or any straining activities; that was going to be harder than I thought.
Jeffery was kind enough to bring me back to my hotel as well as fetch my car, they’re all jewels, it was nice to know that they never left my corner and I missed them a lot.
Like the doctor ordered I mostly stayed in my suite but I couldn’t keep my promise on not working from there.
I was also able to contact Ben; he was shocked to hear from me. After explaining that I wanted us to meet and that it was important he shocked me by agreeing to flying to LA. Though he said a trip here was long overdue, I didn’t know if he meant that or he was just trying to put me at ease. All that mattered was that he was coming and hopefully I’ll get somewhere with this plan.
On the day of his arrival we agreed to meet at a very quiet restaurant at a mall. Malls are normally busy and everyone is minding their own business, no one would pay close attention to us.
I arrived at the restaurant and I found him already seated, he saw me and stood up to greet me and pull up a chair for me. Gilbert men were gentlemen to the death.
“You look good my dear” he said and I smiled at him “I heard you had an accident, how are you feeling?” he asked and I shrugged
“I’m fine. It wasn’t that much of a big deal.” I said and he just nodded but I could see he wanted to add something but decided against it.
“Thanks again for coming to see me.” I said and he shook his head
“Of course. Lucky when you married Jesse I accepted and loved you like a daughter. As things stand at the moment I’m in a very compromising position.” He said and I nodded in understanding, he meant my cheating and hurting Jesse.
“I know you love Jesse and you might feel like you’re betraying him by seeing me. I wouldn’t want to put you in that position any longer, I just want you to hear me out.” I said and he nodded. 
“I also love you my dear, that’s why I’m here. I’ll hear you out and help you with anything you need if you just give me truthful answers.” He said.
I’d expected him to want that so I didn’t hesitate in nodding, he eyed me carefully
“Do you love my nephew Lucky?” he asked and I paused, I didn’t expect that.
“Yes…more than life itself.” I said looking down at my hands. He nodded
“Did you sleep with his cousin?” he asked and I looked up at him, 
“No, I didn’t.” I said and I saw slight relief in his eyes, but I could also see that he also had the same outlook as Carmen, he’d found it hard to believe I ever did. He didn’t even bother asking me why I lied.
Just then I was overcome with a feeling of being watched, I quickly shook it off, with the media following you around all the time, who wouldn’t be paranoid?
“Thank you my dear, that’s all I needed to know.” He said with a warm smile then his phone rang “Excuse me.” he said looking at the caller ID.
“Its Jesse.” He said and I tensed before he answered, “Jesse its so good to hear from you.” He said pleasantly.
He then covered his phone “He knows I’m in LA and wants to now where I ‘am” He said to me and I shook my head. “Don’t tell him you’re with me.” I said quietly.
“I’d love to but I went straight down to San Diego to visit an old friend. I’ll call you when I’m back in the city and we’ll chat then.” He said into the phone.
“Alright, bye.” He added then put his phone back in his pocket. I breathed easily
“I’m guessing you don’t want him to know what ever it is we’ll be discussing?” he asked solemnly. I looked around and saw nothing suspicious, and the feeling of being watched left me. It must’ve been anxiety from Jesse calling.
“Its better that way, you’ll understand why.” I said and he nodded.
“Okay, what’s the matter?” he asked and I took a deep breath before speaking.


















11. Tracks

Jesse POV

The kids waited in the car as I went back to the restaurant to retrieve the jacket Katelyn forgot; I’d decided to take her and JT out for lunch. It was nice to see them smile and have a good time.
I came around the corner into a very busy isle when I saw something that made me stop in my tracks. Lucky and uncle Ben sitting together at the window if a restaurant on the previous floor. I put my hands on the railing studying them closely.
Uncle Ben didn’t tell me he was in LA, but he did once mention wanting to come. Why didn’t he tell me he had arrived, unless he didn’t want me to know, and him meeting Lucky? What was that all about?
He has grown to love Lucky as much as me, but why wouldn’t he want me to know he was meeting with her. I pulled out my phone and called him.
I watched him check the ID “Jesse its so good to hear from you.” he said kindly, “Hey uncle Ben, I heard you’re in LA, where are you? We should get together.” I said.
I saw him cover the phone and say something to Lucky, and then she replied.
“I’d love to but I went straight down to San Diego to visit an old friend. I’ll call you when I’m back in the city and we’ll chat then” he said and I nodded to myself. That was the confirmation I needed. 
What ever reason that brought them together and whatever they were talking about, they surely didn’t want me to know about.
“Okay uncle, bye.” I said and hung up, putting my phone back in my pocket and I watched him do the same.
I got the thought that Lucky is the one who called him. I knew he was loyal to her and if she asked him to keep their meetings a secret he would oblige. I shook my head the things we do for this woman, myself included I thought pathetically. We can’t even help ourselves, so I couldn’t fault him. We all loved her and if loving her was a disease then I caught the absolute worst of it.
I then remembered Carmen’s words She’s hiding something,
The more I thought about it the more her theory made sense; I pulled out my phone again and called her.
“Hello.” She answered,
“Hello Carmen its Jesse.” I said, “I think you might be right about Lucky hiding something. When can you come to the estate? We need to talk.” I said, watching the pair in the restaurant talk.
“I’ll be over later today.” She said, “I’ll see you then.” I said and hung up. I took one last look at them and walked the other way.


Carmen came over later that afternoon and we went to my study after she said hello to the kids, I closed the door behind me and she settled on the sofa.
“I was surprised when you called me,” she said, “What brought on the sudden change of heart?” she asked.
I walked over to my desk, settling onto my leather chair.
“I saw her and my uncle Ben at a restaurant earlier today.” I said and her eyebrows shot up. “Isn’t he supposed to be in New York?” she asked.
“Well he decided to fly in to meet her and not tell me about it,” I said and she took a moment to think. “You think your uncle is involved?” she asked.
“No, I’m saying she’s trying to get him involved in what ever is going on.” I said, “What I cannot understand is how Daniel fits into the picture.” I added.
She stood up “My theory is that this whole they slept together story is a cover up from what’s really going on.” She said and my gaze narrowed.
“If it is just a story, why would she agree to telling it? And why Daniel of all people?” I asked,
“Kevin told me that you and him don’t really see eye to eye and that he’s always out to get you,” she said and I nodded, that much I knew very well.
“Well maybe he blackmailed her into lying to you.” She added and my brows furrowed, that made no sense.
“With what? Daniel has nothing to blackmail her with.” I said, unless she had a double life I never knew about which is very unlikely.
“Think about it Jesse. Lucky is the most selfless person I know. You think she’d care if he threatened her directly?” she said and I leaned in, resting my forearms against the table.
“You think he threatened someone she cares about?” I asked and she nodded.
“And there’s no one else she cares more about than you and your kids.” She said and I shook my head
“He’s not stupid enough to threaten JT and Katelyn.” I said, unless if he wanted to die. Carmen ran her hands through her short hair,
“Where do we go from here then?” she asked. “Right now we’re just working with assumptions. We need to get the truth out of her.” I said, “And you’re the only person who has a chance at doing that.” I added and she shook her head.
“I’ve tried Jesse, she wont budge.” She said exasperated
“Try harder Carmen.” I said and a smile played on the corners of her lips. “You never really gave up on her did you? You never believed she did it either.” She said and my gaze shifted “I’m just trying to find out the truth.” I said.
“Admit it Jesse.” She said and I threw my arms up
“You want me to admit it? Fine, I would like to believe what she told me is just a lie. I would like to believe I know her well enough to know she’d never betray our love like this.” I said and she grinned.
“Alright, I’ll help you.” She said holding out her hand “Whatever it takes.” She added and I shook it nodding.













12. Conception 

Lucky POV

I studied the small bruises and cuts on my body as I got dressed; they were quickly fading. I threw on a slouchy t-shirt, shorts and a pair of sandals. I grabbed my keys and headed out, I was meeting Carmen at our favorite restaurant for lunch.
I thought back to the talk I had with Ben, he didn’t seem all too surprised about Daniel’s pursuits on G-Industries. Which made me wonder if he knew all along or was apart of it. I quickly dismissed that thought; Ben loved Jesse like a son. He’d never betray him, and he surely would’ve tipped Jesse off if he knew, wouldn’t he?
He was however outraged that Daniel would force me to lie to Jesse. After a lot of pleading and convincing he agreed not to let Jesse know. He promised to take it from here and that he’ll let me know when everything is resolved.
I had to trust him to come through for me again.
Only when I know the company is out of Daniel’s reach can I go and try to salvage what is left of my marriage to Jesse, that’s if it’s not too late by then. I love him too much for it to be too late.
I arrived at the restaurant and minutes later so did Carmen. We talked about everything from how I was feeling to how she was doing.
“I have news.” She said excitedly and I raised my eyebrows at her
“I’m pregnant.” She said and I squealed in excitement, quickly swallowing my milkshake. “Oh My God Carmen, I’m so happy for you.” I said, “When did you find out?” I asked and she smiled. 
“The moment I started getting morning sickness.” She said and I chuckled
“Sucks, doesn’t it?” I asked and she gave me a knowing look “But it’s worth it,” I said with a little too much emotion than I would’ve liked.
I smiled “Yeah, now I get payback for all those over the top baby showers you threw.” I said and her eyes widened.
“Oh yes, be afraid be very afraid.” I said and she chuckled. She and I had a good time before she started mentioning the whole Daniel thing again, I sighed.
“You really want to get into this again Carmen?” I asked and her jaw tightened
“Yes, lets because I hate seeing you like this my friend. You miss them and they miss you. I don’t see why you’re not with them right now.” She said.
“I can’t just go back there as if nothing happened.” I said and she rolled her eyes
“Why not?” she asked “Have you even tried to work things out with Jesse?” she asked and I looked down.
“He won’t talk to me.” I said, “He won’t talk to you or you just haven’t tried to reach out to him.” She challenged and I breathed in a rush.
“Why wont you let this go Car?” I asked, “Because something’s not right here Mel, what is it?” she asked
“Nothing!” I said, “See there you go again! Being on the defensive, it’s only making me more suspicious.” She said then she shook her head.
“You know I keep fighting with Kevin because he thinks I should leave you alone but I don’t want to, I want to help you.” She said and I looked at her shocked. Maybe Kevin didn’t approve of our friendship anymore.
“But I can’t do this anymore, I’m tired of trying to save someone who clearly doesn’t need saving.” She added taking her purse and putting some money on the table “I’m done with you.” She said then got up to leave.
Carmen was the only one left in my corner if she left too, I’d truly have no one. I stood up “Carmen wait.” I said and she looked at me, I took a deep breath, telling her the truth was the only way, besides I knew I could trust her.
“Alright, I’ll tell you everything.” I said and she sat back down and so did I but didn’t talk, I didn’t know where to start.
“Okay I’ll make this easy for you.” She said “Let’s start with the main issue here, did you really sleep with Daniel?” she asked and I shook my head
“Ugh no, I hate his guts. I’d kill him personally before I hopped into bed with him.” I said and she gasped, “I knew it!”
“So you lied about all of it? Why?” she asked and I sighed, I decided to start from the beginning. I told her about Daniel coming to my office and about him and the proxy fight that took place without Jesse and Ben’s knowledge. To the ultimatum he gave me and why I chose to agree to it.
She listened carefully as different emotions played across her features the more I talked. I went on to tell her about what really happened in Miami and why I had to play along. I finished off by telling her about meeting with Ben and asking for his helping bringing Daniel down.
She sat there silent for a while absorbing everything
“Oh wow, and you decided to go through all of this alone?” she asked. “Why didn’t you tell Jesse? Maybe there was something he could’ve done.” She added.
I shook my head “Not if Daniel is the one holding all the cards. If I play along Jesse still keeps his company, if I tell he loses it,” I said “Had he given the same ultimatum to Jesse he would’ve chosen me, I know that, but I didn’t want to be the reason he lost everything he’s worked his whole life for.” I added sadly.
“Don’t you see Mel? Daniel knows the only thing Jesse cares about here is you. He knows it would hurt more to lose you than the company.” She said.
“He was going to take it regardless of what I chose to do, it was the lesser of two evils Car, it was either I go along with it to buy time or I step aside and watch Jesse lose the company, I couldn’t do that.” I said and Carmen sat back on her seat exasperated.
“You or the company.” She said “And you decided to make the choice for him. Don’t you think that maybe you chose wrong Mel?” she said.
“I can’t think like that Carmen. Besides its done now, I have to see this through.” I said and her eyes tightened
“So what’s the plan now?” she asked and I sighed, “Jesse has the company’s privacy locked down tight, I can’t get through. I’m putting all my faith in Ben now.” I said, 
“After he’s done then you clean up the mess.” She finished for me
“That’s if it’s not too much for me to handle.” I said, and she blinked a couple of times
“You shouldn’t have had to do this, you shouldn’t have had to hurt Jesse like this.” She said, as if it was something I do over breakfast.
“That was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do Car!” I said, a tear escaping my eye and I took a deep breath. “And it was all for him.” She said softly.
“He hates me now.” I said “No…” She started 
“Yes, he does.” I cut her off, thinking back to that horrible day “You didn’t see the look in his eyes. Its like I could’ve dropped dead right then and he wouldn’t have cared.” I added. I then glanced at my left hand
“And that didn’t even hurt half as bad as him taking his mother’s ring back.” I said my throat tightening. Carmen looked at me with a sorrowful look; she of all people knew how much that ring meant to me. What it meant for me to wear it.
“Aw honey, you have to remember that he was angry and hurt…” I cut her off by shaking my head.
“I know; I don’t blame him. I just sort of feel like this is the last straw for us. What if we don’t survive this Car? I…I can’t do without him.” I said my voice breaking a little.
Carmen reached out for my hand “Shh Mel, don’t think like that. The love you and Jesse share is endless, it can survive anything.” She said.
That’s what I was holding on to, that’s what I’ve been holding on to ever since that day. I chuckled without humor “You know what shocks me the most is that he hasn’t presented me with divorce papers yet.” I said “Its in his rights to.” I added but I honestly don’t know what I’d do if he did.
Carmen frowned “You’re talking crazy again.” She said, “It obviously means that he doesn’t want to let you go.” She said.
Did she not see the pictures of him with that beautiful actress? Never mind letting me go, he’s basically moving on. Before the thought could upset me more I pushed it away.
Carmen eyed me “So what happens now? You just stay and wait to hear from Ben?” she asked and I shook my head.
“I wanted to go back to Raymond.” I said and her eyes widened “What!” she bellowed and I shook my head realizing she misunderstood.
“It’s not forever, my kids are here, and I can’t leave them behind.” I said and she breathed easily “I just wanted to get away for a while, away from the city, the paparazzi, my lonely suite.” I said; I could go on forever. “And I really need to be around my family right now.” I added. I needed their love and support; it’ll do me good.
“You have your own family Mel and its right here.” She said and I gave her a look
“Carmen…” I started exasperated “Fine, fine.” She cut me off then she paused
“This is crazy Lucky, I…I can’t sit by and help you ruin your life like this.” She said then I started to panic realizing what she’s implying.
“Carmen you can’t tell anyone, please!” I said and she eyed me reluctantly
“Promise me.” I insisted and she sighed in defeat. “Alright I won’t tell anyone.” She said.
“And no more picking fights with Kevin over this.” I said and she gave me a mischievous smile “I wasn’t really, I just said that to make you spill the beans.” I said and I frowned “You sneaky biatch.” I said in mock anger and she chuckled.
I checked my watch “I have to go pick up something from Abby.” I said standing up; she hugged me “Sure, I’ll call you.” She said, “Everything’s going to be okay.” She added and I could’ve sworn there was some secret meaning to that than just to comfort me. I just nodded and walked out.










13. Stay

Jesse POV

“Did you get that?” Carmen’s voice came through the mic; I shifted in my seat realizing that I haven’t moved an inch while I listened to her conversation with Lucky. “Yes.” I said stiffly, 
“What are you going to do?” She asked.
“Leave Daniel and Lucky to me.” I said, “Jesse don’t…”
“Thank you very much Carmen.” I cut her off “I owe you.” I added sincerely then cut of the wired speaker. I stood up looking outside of my window, not quite believing what I just heard. That’s what this was all about? The company?
I knew about Daniel’s pursuits on my position the moment he started snooping around. Uncle Ben and I are the ones who ensured he won his fake proxy fight. We wanted to teach him a lesson, and it was one that I was going to teach fair and square but he just had to go and involve Lucky. 
I ran my hand through my hair, and because she’s too sacrificial and stubborn for her own good she played right into his hand. 
I could understand why she felt she couldn’t come to me but that would’ve save us both a lot of hurt and heartbreak.
My God, she thinks I hate her! Hell would freeze over before that ever happens; didn’t she know that?
Then again I didn’t try to convince her otherwise. I flinched remembering the hurt in her voice when she talked about her ring. Saying I was angry and hurt was a lame excuse, because I regretted it the moment I slipped it off her finger. I knew in my heart it was wrong but I didn’t trust my heart to do anything, I couldn’t.
Taking it back though didn’t mean I took my heart back as well; she still walked out with it.
I shouldn’t have let her go, I didn’t want to but I still did, and God nearly punished me for that mistake by taking her life.
Lucky is the most selfless person I know I remembered Carmen’s words there’s no one else she cares more about than you and your kids.
I always knew that, even as she told me those lies deep down in my heart I knew she loved me and would never do that to me. But the mind does not fathom what the heart feels sometimes.
All this time I thought she was the one who didn’t honor her vows when truly it was I. For crying out loud, I went out with the purpose to taking some random woman to bed out of spite. 
I don’t blame him she said to Carmen; she probably would’ve overlooked that as well. Bless her pure heart; it was a testament of how much I didn’t deserve her.
Daniel on the other hand would pay dearly for taking advantage of her.
I pulled out my phone 
“Mr. Gilbert, what can I do for you?” Phil answered; Phil was the company’s top lawyer. “There’s a change of plan.” I said “Have the other papers ready, I want them as soon as tomorrow.” I said.
“What?” He bellowed then caught himself “But they’re not ready sir, perhaps another day…”
“Tomorrow Mr. Lutz.” I said more fiercely
“Of course Mr. Gilbert, they’ll be ready.” He said and I hung up and called Daniel.
“Well well well, this is a surprise.” He said and I tried not to let him have it right then.
“When can you come to LA? We have business to discuss.” I said as calmly as I could.
“Is it urgent? Some of us have a life.” He said and I slowly breathed in and out.
“Yes, preferably tomorrow.” I said.
“Okay, I’ll have my jet ready then.” He said, “How is Lucky by the way? Oh my bad, you two are not a thing anymore.” He added.
“Just get here.” I barked and violently out the receiver down. I pushed the things off my table in frustration knocking the lamp close to it down too.
I’ll wipe that smug tone off his voice tomorrow, but right now I had bigger fish to fry.
I grabbed my car keys and my leather jacket, just then Maria came in with wide eyes
“What was…where are you going?” she asked frantically
“I’m going to go drag that woman back here, kicking and screaming.” I said, I thought I saw her smile as I went passed her.
“See to JT and Katelyn in case I don’t come back.” I added; I wasn’t planning on coming back without her. Like hell she was going back to Raymond.
































14. Ours

Lucky POV

I walked out of the bathroom, running my hand over my shoulder. My talk with Carmen this afternoon was draining, both emotionally and physically. Talking to my best friend lifted some weight off my shoulders though.
I still debate on weather or not it was such a good idea to tell her, because Carmen was the ‘take matters into her own hands’ type of girl. I guess I’ll just have to trust her word.
I was surprised when a knock came on my door, no one ever came to visit me here and only Carmen knew where I was staying. I walked to the door opening it and I froze where I stood.
“Jesse.” I breathed in utter shock, I blinked twice but he was still standing there. His blue eyes slowly went over my frame then I realized that had nothing but my purple floor-length silk robe on. I uneasily tightened the belt around my waist and his eyes followed the gesture. I knew it was silly to feel self conscious around him of all people, he probably knew every inch of my body better than I do. I just felt very raw and vulnerable right then and I certainly didn’t expect him to turn up at my door in all his glory.
“Can I come in?” he asked and I snapped out of my brief trance, noting that I haven’t moved; I stepped aside for him, not quite trusting my voice. I closed the door behind him “Are the kids…?” I trailed off “They’re fine.” He said,
“How did you find me here?” I asked, walking ahead of him
“I’d find you anywhere.” He said and I tensed, did I just imagine the tenderness in his voice? Then I thought maybe that’s just me.
“You’re using your maiden name now?” he said, and it didn’t sound like much of a question. He must’ve asked for Lucky Gilbert down at the lobby. I stopped turning to face him “Well I’m not exactly married now am I?” I said and his eyes darkened
“Says who?” he asked, his voice returning to its usual coldness.
“Says the non existent ring on my finger!” I snapped without thinking, but he just watched me quietly. I took a deep breath, running my hand through my unruly hair, not even bothering to neaten it up, what was the point?
“Look Jesse, I’m really tired so if you came here to further elaborate on how much you hate me, that’s unnecessary. I got the message loud and clear.” I said turning back around “I think it’s best if you just leave.” I whispered walking further into my suite. What was I saying? Him leaving was the last thing I wanted. 
After spending so much time away from him seeing him felt good, all my senses coming alive with awareness at his closeness. I just can’t take any more this cold bitterness between us; it only breaks my already shattered heart. I spun around to see if he really did leave and I gasped to find him inches away from me. 
I was even more shocked when he grabbed my waist and pulled me to him, kissing me.
I stood frozen for a second but after getting over the initial shock I started kissing him back. It was almost second nature to me, like I was meant to respond to everything he does and says. My hands went into his black hair; I loved its silkiness. 
I had missed this, kissing him, touching him. I could swear I had a moment of heaven every time I did.
As if inevitable I came back down to earth, why was he kissing me? He hates me, doesn’t he? I pulled away, also needing to breathe. He started kissing my neck
“Jesse what is this? What are you doing?” I whispered, I couldn’t understand why he was all over me now; maybe I should just enjoy it…no! He said he never wanted to see me again; this didn’t make any sense.
“I’m kissing my wife.” He said and the possessiveness in his tone shocked me as much as the words. I felt his lips travel from my earlobe and down my jaw.
“What about that actress of yours?” I asked, trying not to sound bitter and he briefly paused, “Who? Emily?” he asked, he even remembers her name. “We only kissed…” I tensed, leaning away from him but he held me tighter, making sure I couldn’t escape him “…no, it didn’t go any further than that.” He said resuming his intoxicating kisses. I cannot think clearly when he was doing that to me.
“I only kissed her because I was trying to get you out of my system but it just made me realize you’re the one I want.” He said against me “I miss you Melissa, to the point where it’s driving me crazy. I want you.” He whispered.
With that I gave up trying to fight this, I wanted this way too much; I needed him way too much. I slid his jacket off his broad shoulders and took his shirt off wrapping my arms around his neck. He picked me up and my slippers fell to the floor, he laid me on the bed loosening my robe.
Just then a disturbing thought came to mind, what did this mean? Did he still love me? Did he want me back in his life? What about my ‘cheating’ with Daniel?
The more I thought about it the more stupid those thoughts sounded. He said he wanted me, but that just meant physically. Perhaps he was just trying to get me out of his system, other women wouldn’t do, so why not me?
Our intense sexual chemistry was a big part of our relationship, but when we made love it was an expression of our deep feelings for each other, it meant something. Now it just seemed like he wanted me one last time before he kicked me to the curb. 
A tear rolled down my cheek. As if feeling like worthless trash wasn’t bad enough, I didn’t need to be treated like it.
Even so I still loved myself enough to refuse to be used and dumped, even by him.
He suddenly froze; I’m guessing he tasted my tears because he didn’t look up to check if I was really crying.
“Tell me Tyler, what happens after you screw me?” I said; that’s what they do to trashy women right? “What will I be to you then?” I added.
“Lucky please…” he trailed off “Get off me.” I whispered my voice shaking, defeated. He shifted his weight looking at me but remained on top of me. His blue gaze burned right into my soul and hurting heart.
He gently cupped my cheek, wiping my tears. “You blind, stubborn woman.” He said tenderly “I never screw you, I make love to you. I worship at your altar Melissa. How could you think I’d treat you and your body so cheaply?” He said. I hiccupped and he sat up taking me with him and holding me to him. “God blessed you with many things love but self-esteem wasn’t one of them.” He said gently, a hint of humor in his tone. “I love you. With everything that’s happened between us that’s the only thing that remained unchanged.” He added brushing my hair away from my cheek
“I thought you never wanted to see me again.” I said, not quite believing my ears and eyes. “And you believed me?” He asked.
“I told you to leave but I had to stop myself from begging you to stay the moment you started walking away. I can’t think, I can’t sleep, I can’t function properly…I need you Lucky, I always have.” He said.
I looked at him; hope creeping into my heart, could I possibly get him back?
“What about Daniel? You forgive me for that?” I asked and his eyes darkened.
“I wouldn’t need to forgive you for something you didn’t do, now would I?” he said, my eyes widened, I saw it in his eyes, he knew everything. He let me go “Yes, I know.” He said confirming my thought. How did he…? I then closed my eyes in realization “Carmen.” I thought out loud. She had stayed true to form and took matters into her own hands. I wasn’t sure weather to be mad or grateful to her. Jesse sat on the edge of the bed with his forearms resting on his knees and his hands entwined. He was angry with me; I could feel it. Why wouldn’t he be? I had lied to him.
I reached out to touch his shoulder and he shrugged my hand off. I swallowed hard and withdrew my hand but he took it back in his looking at me.
“Have these years together taught you nothing?” he asked, anger still colored his tone “Yes I love the company, its part of my family’s history. You and the other hand are part of me. When I lose you, I lose everything.” He said and I looked down.
“I-I’m so sorry.” I whispered, lost for words. 
He took me into his arms again and sighed, “I know, and you’ve taken enough knocks from me haven’t you?” he softly, his voice sounding remorseful. I just kept quiet knowing that trying to make him feel better would lead to another row. If I had to fight him one more time I’d come undone.
“No more secrets.” He said and I nodded “You don’t have to go at anything alone little one, I vowed to be your partner in crime, didn’t I?” He added and I chuckled warily
“You did.” I said and he smiled.
“Come home love, you should’ve never left, I should’ve never let you.” He whispered, I smiled, and I never thought I’d hear him say that. I kissed his bare shoulder, his neck, cheek, mouth, loving having the freedom to do what I wanted with him.
“I love you Jesse, how could I possibly refuse?” I said. He held me for a while,
“I want another baby.” He said shocking me; I looked at him smiling “You do?” I asked and he smiled back nodding. I chuckled “I’d bare you a dozen babies if you want…I’m just kidding.” I said and he chuckled “I figured.” He said.
“I’d love another baby but my biological clock is ticking, I may not even get pregnant.” I said; that was a weird thing for a married woman with two kids to say. True though, I was in my mid thirties, chances of me getting pregnant were slimed down.  
Jesse chuckled “Oh we’ll see about that.” He said kissing me; I lied back down on the pillows taking him with me “You love this part don’t you?” I teased.
He slid my robe off me completely “Absolutely.” He purred hitching my leg up and burning heat shot through my core in anticipation.
“It certainly has its charms.” I agreed and he kissed me again.












15. Awake

Lucky POV

I slowly opened my eyes, and then sat up. I chuckled without humor noting that I was a little sore from last night. Jesse wasn’t kidding when he said he was going crazy from wanting me and missing me too much. I absently started fingering a strand of my hair, smiling delightfully and remembering our intense intimacy. We went way too long without it; we both needed it. Badly.
Just then Jesse walked out of my bathroom with one of my pink towels around his lean hips. Only he can wear that and still look terribly sexy and masculine. My eyes raked over his sculptured body, he still looked as breathtaking as the first day I laid eyes on him. I was not ashamed to admit I was obsessed and addicted to him, the fact that he felt the same way-if not more-riveted me in ways I could never put into words.
He looked at me then just as I licked my dry lips, a devilish smile graced his lips
“Keep looking at me like that, I wont help but hold you up in there for a few more hours.” He said; his tone teasing but I registered the threat in there.
“Please by all means my love, I’d like to be able to walk today.” I said and he chuckled throatily. I went to the bathroom for a quick shower, after I got dressed I went back into the suite and Jesse stood up from the bed. 
“Ready to go?” he asked and I looked at him incredulously
“What about my things?’ I asked and he sighed “Leave them, everything of yours is back at the estate,” he said and I folded my arms, sparing him a ‘are you kidding me?’ look.
“Alright, take what you need, we’ll come back for the rest later.” He said,
“Do you have an important meeting?” I asked, noticing his urgency. I started taking all my essentials, I guess I’ll have to come back later for the rest.
“Yes, with Daniel.” He said and I tensed, turning to face him “Jesse…”
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to kill him…tempting thought.” He said and I breathed a little easier, whatever he was meeting Daniel for didn’t involve any life threatening conflicts. “We’re going to teach Daniel what we do to people who mess with us.” He said taking my hand and we headed out.

My hand entwined with Jesse’s on the white leather armrest of his Maybach. He and I sat at the back of the sleek black luxury sedan on our way to G-Industries.
We went back to the estate after checking out of my hotel suite; it felt wonderful to be back there. Even more so after seeing the look on my kids’ faces when they saw me, they didn’t let me go until I promised I’d never leave them again. It was a promise I intended to keep, not just to them but also to the incredible man sitting next to me.
Jesse sent Jason and Angie back to my suite to get the rest of my things, I could’ve done it myself but he insisted in me accompanying him.
I didn’t see the reason why but I didn’t argue, I was also curious about what he said before we left my suite. And I certainly didn’t miss the menace in his voice. Had it been anyone else, I would’ve been frightened for them but Daniel deserves whatever he has coming for him.
I glanced at my ring on my left hand and smiled, I’d missed the weight of it. Jesse had apologized and even got down on one knee, proposing again before slipping it back on my finger. I knew he was tying to erase the pain and memory of having taken it off in the first place. The gesture brought me to tears.
He also suggested that we renew our vows on our anniversary a week from now, an idea I was more than happy to agree to. Even through the euphoria I couldn’t help but feel guilty, I’m the one who broke us, yet he was the one making emends. I quickly put those feelings and thoughts aside after a strong command from him to do so.
I felt him trace the inside of my palm and I met his searching gaze “What are you thinking about?” he asked and I spared him a smile.
“Our anniversary.” I said, I already had great ideas on how our vow renewal ceremony was going to be like and I couldn’t wait to start planning it. He smiled
“I know you miss your family too.” He said taking me by surprise. I wondered if Carmen had told him about my plan to run away to Raymond for a while. I nodded
“But that was also coupled with missing you, terribly.” I said, glancing at Jeffery; who did a very good job at pretending to be deaf.
“I could have them flown in for the festivities.” He said and my smile grew
“You’d do that?” I asked, stupid question because he sounded decisive. “I’d do anything for you.” He said giving my hand a squeeze. He smiled,
“I was also thinking we go to them for the holidays this year. I think the kids miss their grandma.” He said and I chuckled.
“And she adores them because she can’t stop spoiling them with her famous chocolate chip cookies.” I said. The car pulled up next to the awe-inspiring G-Industries building, Jesse got out to open the door for me and offer his hand. I let him help me out of the car; he treated me like a queen, like his queen.
I took that time to admire what his body did to the three-piece black tailored Marc Jacobs suit he wore. Not wanting to lack, I smoothed my champaign-colored sheath dress; glad it matched his stripped tie.
“You look beautiful.” He said reading my thoughts, and smiled at him going up the small steps and through the huge glass automatic doors, with the company’s name on them.
I walked slightly behind Jesse, letting him take lead forward. I loved to let him assume power over everything, it was in his nature, but I knew he wouldn’t think twice about giving it up for me. I couldn’t help but notice almost every head turn to watch us, a few years ago that would’ve made me feel uncomfortable. It didn’t anymore because I learned to accept, even embrace my position. Jesse was a man out to conquer the world, and where I belonged was right by his side helping him do it.
I spent my whole life being Lucky Strauss from Raymond, with nothing extraordinary about me or with no real purpose until Jesse came into my life. I found my true self in him, found my true purpose through him. He is the mirror that covered my flaws and insecurities, and the sun that made me shine in ways I never thought I could.
For that I’ll forever be grateful to God for sending him my way.
The elevator doors opened and we stepped into the modernly decorated executive lobby. The woman behind the light grey colored reception desk quickly stood up when she saw Jesse’s approach.
“Morning Mr. Gilbert.” She said with a wide smile “Mrs. Gilbert.” She added to me with less enthusiasm then she turned her gaze back to Jesse.
“We were not expecting you today.” She added and Jesse paid her no attention as he checked his messages.
“I arranged a meeting at the last minute, I trust the boardroom is ready?” he asked and she agreed. “See to Daniel Gilbert when he arrives and I want to be notified when that happens.” He added.
“Of course Mr. Gilbert. Anything else?” she asked “Call Joanne, tell her to have Mr. Lutz and his men ready.” He said, “I’ll be in my office.” He added then held out his hand to me and I took it as he led the way to his office.

“Tell me again why I have to be present?” I asked Jesse as we made our way to the boardroom. Besides being anywhere near Daniel made me sick, I haven’t seen him since I stormed out of his car that fateful day. He glanced at me as we came around the corner
“You’re going to want to hear this.” He said.
We went through the two large wooden doors into the large boardroom; Daniel was seated facing away from the entrance.
“It’s about damn time.” He said without turning around
Jesse walked to the head of the table and I followed him “Patience Daniel, some of us have a life.” He said and I saw Daniel tense as he saw me with him. He knew something was up.
“You two together again, the surprises just keep on coming.” He said with an uneasy smile. Jesse chuckled nonchalantly taking his seat, and I sat on his right.
“Hopefully they don’t have to stop.” He said.
Daniel kept eyeing me but I kept my gaze averted, not trusting myself not to do or say anything rash. “And stop looking at my wife like that.” Jesse added. “Wasn’t lying about sleeping with her pathetic enough?”
Daniel’s mouth twitched in irritation “I knew you’d run back to him sooner or later, but we both know the ramifications of that.” He said to me and I glared at him.
“And what are those?” Jesse asked, with amusement in his tone. I watched him, for someone who was about to lose the company, he looked extremely at ease, and I wondered if he had something up his sleeve all along.
Daniel smiled “You’re getting demoted cousin, and I’m taking over.” He said, Daniel continued to rattle and gloat about how he was able to do all of that. Just listening to it over again made me sick. Jesse just watched him in quiet patience and amusement. That confused me more and irritated Daniel.
“You think this is a joke?” he asked
“But of course, I heard about your feeble attempt at taking me down.” Jesse said, “I also orchestrated the whole damn thing.” He added and my gaze snapped to him and Daniel frowned. “You’re bluffing.” He said.
“Am I? I like to think you at leased know me better than that.” Jesse replied, “There was never a proxy fight, I made it up and boy did you and the rest of them fall for it. You thought you were on the money, it was quite amusing.” He added.
Both Daniel and I could only stare at him in shock,
“Those ‘loopholes’ you were talking about, yeah I created them too. If there was ever a real chance don’t you think John, Rebecca and Kylie would’ve taken it to overthrow my father too?” he said, “You’re a smart guy Daniel, surely you didn’t think it would be that easy, did you?”
Daniel smirked “Say what you want Jesse, I have a team the likes you’ve never seen and we’ll make sure you go down.” He said. Just then the doors opened and a small group of well-suited men came into the room. There were about five of them and they all stood up, I guessed they were the company’s lawyers and financial directors.
“You mean this team?” Jesse asked and Daniel anxiously looked at every one of them.
“You see they are under my payroll.” He said “You’re nothing but a narcissistic sociopath Daniel, what do they gain by helping you?” he added and my eyes widened.
You’ll be surprised at how many people want your precious husband out. I remembered Daniel’s words. Back then he thought everyone was on his side when Jesse himself sent them.
Jesse’s eyes glazed over as he leaned into the table “I see everything Daniel, I have eyes everywhere. Whose to say your most trusted friend is not my ally.”
Daniel looked around the room in disgust “You narrow minded bastards!” he shouted at them, and I flinched as his voice echoed through the room. All the men just looked at him with blank expressions. “You think he wouldn’t screw any of you up if given the chance?” He added pointing at Jesse “Then you cowards deserve to be pushed around by a self-centered jackass!”
I shook my head, Daniel didn’t get it and he probably never will. The decision to stick by Jesse was not driven by fear but loyalty. Not because Jesse was the kindest but because he was a man of his word, he was trustworthy. He might not be the sweetest boss, but he always puts him employees’ best interests first.
I saw that first hand at the estate went I first arrived there; everyone treated him with love, respect and loyalty, not because they had to but because they wanted to.
“Now, now Daniel. Calm down, let’s talk.” Jesse said than he looked at one of the men “Mr. Lutz.” He said and the man took out some papers and gave them to Daniel.
I watched Daniel page through them and the further he went the paler he became.
“I think those support what I’ve been telling you.” Jesse said then turned his gaze to the men nodding. Then they all went out of the room.
“And if you turn to the last remaining two pages they’ll state that you’re effectively stripped of your share of G-Industries. Foolishly you authorized it, thinking it was my share of the company.” He said, “And if you turn over it states that your shares will now be transferred to Lucky.” He added. 
“What!” Daniel and I both exclaimed, “That’s impossible, this is a private family business.” Daniel hissed while I kept staring at Jesse wide-eyed.
“And she’s legally a Gilbert which make her eligible.” He intercepted then paused “Would you believe me if I said this was not the original plan? I was willing to fight you Daniel, man to man. But you had to stoop lower than dirt and involve her. Now you have a royally pissed off self-centered jackass.” He added.
“You can’t do this!” Daniel barked throwing the papers onto the table
“Oh don’t fret, I’m not that cold. You still get to keep your other assets and benefits from us but you no longer have power over the running of this company.” He said.
And I do? I thought incredulously, looking between the two men.
“Nicholas will assume control over the Tokyo branch effective immediately, you on the other hand are done for good.” Jesse added then he looked at me.
“You have anything to add?” he asked and I looked at Daniel’s livid face and shook my head. All the hate I thought I had for him was gone, but as I remembered the many days Jesse and I had to spend apart, heartbroken and hurting. I couldn’t bring myself to sympathize either. Jesse stood up, and I followed suit as he took my hand and started towards the doors.
“I want you out of my building in an hour, or security will escort you out.” He said, “Have a nice life Daniel.” He added and we went out of the room.


*	*	*

I sat in the patio, loving the cool summer breeze on my face. 
The past three months passed in a blur and I loved every minute of it. I thought back to Jesse and I’s beautiful vow renewal ceremony, almost everyone was here; it felt like my wedding day all over again. Then again that shouldn’t be a surprise to me, I fell deeper in love with Jesse everyday.
I was sadly mistaken when I hoped Jesse was joking about me having shares in G-Industries. They were in my name weather I chose to use them or not. So I became a silent member instead, I still left the running of the company to the rest of them. And I kept working at Berkshire Hathaway; it still felt weird when they ran some of the big decisions by me as well.
Either than that everything was right in my world, after what seemed like a long time we settled into a slow, quiet and peaceful life. I hoped that wouldn’t change at leased for a long time. I smiled to myself, with the crazy people in my life; there was no shortage of excitement and mischief.
I looked towards the golf course where Jesse and the kids were playing ball; I smiled at the scene. I loved to watch Jesse be a father to my children, it was a gift I cherished everyday.
I gently rubbed at my growing belly, looks like he’s going to have another munchkin in his hands. I shook my head in amusement; I thought it wouldn’t be that easy but as soon as my contraceptives were ineffective I fell pregnant. 
I’m never wrong love Jesse had said to me.
I stood up and walked out of the patio, I leaned against the post of its large canopy, watching them smile and laugh. Katelyn stopped to wave at me and I returned the gesture with a smile.
Just then Jesse looked at me and I blew him a slow kiss, he stood watching me, seemingly oblivious to everything around him but me. I grinned; glad I have that effect on him too. JT and Katelyn took advantage of his momentary distraction and they both ran towards him and tackled him down.
I laughed as they stood up and high-fived each other, Jesse sat up with a smile on his handsome face while he shook his head. Knowing very well that I distracted him on purpose, he shot me an ‘I’ll get you’ look before standing up.
I smiled innocently and mouthed ‘I love you’ to him.
“Soon my baby, you’ll join our little adventure.” I whispered to my belly as I cradled it.

					The end

