WHEN IN LONDON
Written By
Charlene Parlett

Copyright © 2015 Seamless Properties, LLC

This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author.

Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Parlett, Charlene 1969 – 
When In London: romance/by Charlene Parlett
ISBN - 13: 978-1518705816
ISBN- 10: 1518705812
1.Romance, American I. Title.

1

Going to London was not Caroline’s dream. Her daughter Marie wanted the two of them to spend the month after college graduation experiencing the city she had fantasized about for years. Marie aspired to become the first female Doctor Who, always adding in an excited tone, “despite the fact that the chances of them ever casting an American and causing a national uproar are slight at best.” She was a theater major and believed fiercely in her dream of being the next big stage and film star. Her undaunted enthusiasm for her future was always a brilliant light in Caroline’s rather mundane life. The day that light was extinguished by the accident Caroline wondered if this trip would ever be something she could endure. But here she was about to touch down at Heathrow Airport from Savannah, Georgia. It was the first of June and the beginning of a month long vacation in London – alone.
Exhausted from the long cramped trip over the ocean, she collected her bags and waited wearily to get through customs before exiting Heathrow. Caroline caught a taxi to the rented flat. The ride was longer than she expected. She wasn’t used to the traffic of a large city; she only rarely drove in Atlanta. But the cabbie was friendly, talking about the goings on in the area, asking her if it was her first visit, where she was from, and such, and she returned his congeniality with questions about where the best places to eat were while she was in town. Despite her fatigue, Caroline found the simple banter comforting.
She gazed out the window as they drove, thinking about how she had ended up on this journey. She and Marie planned out the trip two years prior. Marie wanted to stay in Soho, but the rent was out of their price range when they were planning it. Since she only needed one plane ticket, Caroline did move the rest of the travel budget toward a flat in Soho rather than the cheaper one they had talked about in another area. As the cab pulled up to the address, she was surprised at how small and old the apartment buildings and houses appeared - she expected a more affluent area. But the streets were clean and the small front yards neat, with everything she would want within a few blocks of her flat.
Caroline paid the cabbie and thanked him, declining his offer to bring in her bags. The landlord showed up as she got out of the cab, key in hand to let her in. Mr. Baker looked to be about 75, a wild head of grey hair poking out from around the edge of his knit cap. He moved quickly grabbing one of her bags. She thought it odd that he was wearing a wool vest over his collar shirt despite the warmth of the day.
He shook her small hand enthusiastically with his beefy one, smiling, his thick accent forcing her to concentrate on his words as he headed toward the front door of the building.
“Ms. Tate? Welcome to London. I’m sure you will be delighted with the flat. It is just as the photos I sent you. How was your flight? I hear those overseas flights can be quite a bugger, sitting still for all those hours, screaming children, and all that.” 
“It was fine,” she replied, very conscious suddenly of her southern drawl, “Just tiring. It feels like I’ve been traveling for days. Actually, I guess with the time changes, I have.” 
She grabbed her other two bags and carry-on, trying to keep up with the spry older gentleman as best she could as he bounded up the stairs to her flat. She got to the top floor where the door was opened, and dropped the bags. Caroline walked in to her home for the next 30 days. 
The flat was clean and neat, no frills. The door walked in to a galley-style kitchen with a dining table and two chairs. An open area with a small sofa, a chair, and end tables facing a television stand followed, with a desk slightly larger than her laptop by the window. A set of stairs across from the kitchen area led to the “bedroom,” a loft just large enough for a dresser, a small closet and a full size bed – a neatly made mattress and pillows on a platform. A few pictures hung on the walls.
“Where’s the bathroom?”
“The shower and loo are here, by the door.” 
She poked her head in - the tiny bathroom reminded her of the ones she used on cruise ships – efficient and clean, with enough room for one person to fit. 
“It’s perfect. Thank you.” He handed her the key, tipped his cap, and headed out the door as quickly as he had headed in.
Caroline dropped her purse on the dinette table and crossed to the sofa. She went to lie down across the length of it, curled her legs to her chest, and fell sleep.

She awoke to a dark room and stumbled around to find her purse and phone. It was 8:14. She used the phone flashlight to find the light switch so she could unpack. Caroline hated living out of a suitcase. Even when she went on overnight business trips, she always unpacked her things and put them in the dresser. Her late husband made fun of her for it, particularly when she would forget to repack a drawer and leave things behind. 
“If you don’t take it out of the suitcase, you can’t forget to pack it,” he would chide.
She could never settle in and relax until she had unpacked. She lugged one bag at a time up the loft stairs to put her clothes in the dresser and small closet. Since there was no room under the bed for the suitcases, she put them against the wall under the stairs.
Her toiletries were next. The bathroom had just enough storage for her makeup, toothbrush, shampoo, and various other items. While there were linens for the bed, the flat did not include towels, so she unpacked the two she brought, along with a kitchen towel and washcloths.
The dining ware, cooking utensils and pans were sparse, but no worse than staying at a vacation condo. She hadn’t had much of an appetite for a long time, eating out of habit or the cajoling of friends and family. Caroline wasn’t overly thin, but in the past year and a half of grief she had lost the layer of padding she always had, enough for those around her to be concerned. She was always healthy, just a bit overweight, so to her she looked better than ever. 
“What shall we do next, Marie?” she spoke as she surveyed the room. It comforted her to speak out loud to the person she was supposed to be on this adventure with; she wanted to believe that Marie’s spirit was with her, or at least watching. 
“How about a shower? It’s been a long couple of days. That sounds like a great idea.” She closed the blinds on the window, stripped down and jumped in the shower to wash away her weariness and the smell of airports.
Wrapped in an oversized t-shirt and panties, her long hair in a towel, Caroline turned on the television; BBC News was on, as well as a few interesting-looking shows she had never heard of. She found a few American shows, which at first surprised her. After thinking about how many BBC TV series Marie used to love to watch, it made sense that American shows would be just as loved on this side of the ocean.
Jetlag had her wide awake when she should have been ready for bed. She spent a few hours watching the news and flipping through channels before finally turning it off to take a sleeping pill and climb the stairs to bed.
“Goodnight, Marie,” she spoke to the dark, “I wish you were here. I promise to have a good time.”


2

Caroline didn’t remember passing a grocer in the cab yesterday, but she remembered a café just a short walk away. She grabbed a tote bag - they always planned to walk everywhere, so tote bags for groceries were a necessity- along with an umbrella -which she was forewarned to carry at all times in London - and headed out the door.
The day was bright and sunny but still a bit chilly for her jeans and zip-up hoodie. She guessed it to be about 60⁰F which was much cooler than she was used to in Georgia. Caroline headed up the street toward where she remembered seeing the café, turning left again at the corner and walking another block. Berwick Street was already buzzing with people obviously going to work from the dress.
The smell of coffee and fresh bread greeted her at the door. The coffee shop was packed with patrons lining up for their morning wake-up call. Caroline eyed the narrow shop, but her stomach was already arguing past her discomfort of crowds and reminding her that she hadn’t eaten since her disappointing lunch on the plane. The line moved quickly and she found herself at the service counter.
“Yes, can I help you?” greeted a smiling, very awake redhead.
“I’d like a latte and a scone, please.” Her voice sounded so different than the others around her.
“American! Are you on holiday?” 
“Yes, for a month. I just arrived yesterday.”
“Then welcome! You’re going to love Soho, just be careful of the streets at night, they get quite crowded. Here you go, dear. Enjoy!” The redhead’s friendly demeanor seemed genuine, and put Caroline at ease. 
She found a seat by the front window. Although she quit drinking coffee a few years ago, the smell was so wonderful in the shop she couldn’t bring herself to get anything else. It proved to be a good decision as the warm, creamy elixir kicked the morning chill off her shoulders and gave her the boost of caffeinated energy she desperately needed. The scone was slathered with butter and jam and its heartiness filled her hunger.
Caroline sat watching out the window until the shop was almost empty. She took her time strolling down the streets of Soho to look in the various storefronts. Eclectic was the word that came to mind. Soho was a mass of variety – from high end fashion to used bookstores, gourmet cuisine to sandwich shops. Each street seemed to take her to a different culture. And the inhabitants were as varied as the businesses. A gentleman in a designer suit was spotted just as quickly as a young bohemian musician.
A glint of light caught her eye and she stopped to look in the window of a restaurant. The glass chandeliers sparkled as the late morning sunlight hit them. She noticed a Private Party Tonight sign as a gentleman in black dress pants and a blue shirt came up to the door.
“Hello. How are you this fine morning?” a buoyant, lilting voice greeted her. The man turned with a huge smile, giving her his full, undivided attention. Caroline felt obliged to do the same.
“Very good. How are you?”
“I am enjoying the sunshine. It has been dreadful with the rain almost every day. You sound American.”
“I am, I’m here on vacation for the month,” she smiled.
“Welcome then! I saw you peeking in on my restaurant,” he noted as he moved near her to look in the window as well, “Does everything look all right? Is there something amiss? I have a rather important party this evening. Anything at all out of sorts?” 
“Oh, no! I was just thinking how beautiful it was, with the chandeliers catching the light and all. It looks very nice.”
The gentleman moved back to unlock the front door, “Would you like to come inside and have a tour?”
“No, no, I wouldn’t want to impose.”
“It’s not an imposition – I invited you. Please, come in. My name is John.”
“I’m Caroline.” 
They shook hands and entered the restaurant. The interior was warm and formal, dark wood, white linens, everything perfectly in its place. A polished and stocked bar stood near the back; the space faded to a gloomy atmosphere the further one got from the window. John flipped on the lights and the room came to life. She walked through it, running her hand along the bar, imagining what it was like buzzing with happy people enjoying a night out, or businessmen entertaining clients. 
She stole a quick glance at her host as well, as he busied himself with straightening napkins and checking the hostess stand. He stood about 6 feet, muscular, with soft edged but attractive features, and a slightly receding hairline. She guessed his age to be early 40s. His brown eyes were full of life and excitement as he came over to the bar.
“What do you think? Will it do?” His genuineness was a bit unnerving. He seemed to really want her opinion.
“I think it’s fantastic. What kind of party are you having?”
“It’s for a personal friend of mine. He’s turning 40, so I’m hosting a birthday party for him. He’s well-known, so some of the guests are important, influential people. I’d like to make a good impression, for both our sakes.” 
He looked around the room in satisfaction. 
“He helped me start this restaurant a few years back. I’m looking forward to returning the favor, at least a little bit.”
“I’m sure your event will be a big success.” 
John smiled another huge smile, as if relieved, “I’m sure you are right. I’m just a bit nervous. I actually have nothing else to do until the party. The kitchen is already prepping, and the chef prefers if I stay out of the kitchen!” He laughed at himself, “I just couldn’t stay away. It’s our first private affair, and for it to be this one… well, it’s very important.”
“Well, thank you for the tour,” she replied, smiling, “the restaurant is very beautiful. I should get out of your way so you can prepare.”
Caroline started moving toward the door wondering why a birthday party for a friend would be so important. All of her friends preferred private gatherings in someone’s home over something formal like this event.
“Would you like to have lunch?” John exclaimed, scooting in front of her, “Not here, of course, but there is a wonderful little place just a few blocks down. I would love the company, or I’m going to drive myself bonkers waiting until tonight.”
He paused before adding, “And a beautiful stranger from America sounds like the perfect distraction.”
She felt herself blush. If she felt self-conscious about her accent before, this doubled it. But it also reminded her of why she was in London - to experience everything that Maria wanted to. London gentlemen were part of that experience.
“Ok. Why not.”

They walked a few blocks to a small country café, very much the opposite of John’s restaurant. The rustic food did not disappoint and the conversation was light. John was so full of nervous energy that he did most of the talking, which was fine with Caroline. He chatted on and on about growing up in London and how he became a restaurateur. She found herself laughing out loud several times as he narrated episodes of a rowdy young man with his friends at school. Each story seemed to include the same character – Benjamin.
“Benji and I, well, he hates to be called that now, Benjamin and I, find ourselves at the end of the hall, all the doors locked, caught red handed with the mascot. I thought we were both done for. But Benjamin stops, puts on this very serious look, and convinces the headmaster that we had to save the mascot from animal rights advocates that were planning to kidnap it. I don’t know how he did it, except that he’s just that good an actor and the headmaster really couldn’t believe that he would tell such a ridiculous story that convincingly if it was a lie.” He laughed at his own story, looking to the side as if seeing it all again in his memory, “Not too many people know that story, even if he is a bit of a celebrity.”
Caroline laughed, “He sounds like a good friend. Do you still see each other?”
 “That is who the party is for,” John replied, gesturing big with his arms, “We don’t keep in touch as much as I’d like, but Benjamin, he’s been good to me. No matter how famous he gets, we’ve always been there for each other.”
“It’s good to have long term friendships. Very few people do these days.”
“I agree.” John paused. “I just realized how much talking I have done. I have completely monopolized the conversation.”
“Oh, it’s alright, I’ve enjoyed it very much. You’re a great storyteller.”
“But I want to hear more about you.” John smiled again; it seemed to be his normal expression. “Tell me about you. What made you choose London for a holiday? ”
There it was - the one question Caroline knew she would be asked and didn’t want to answer. She hated to simplify it with a lie. She hated burdening someone with the truth. She forced a small smile, pausing to look down and back up at him, before answer in a hesitant voice. She needed to hear herself say it.
 “I’m here because it was my daughter, Marie’s, dream to come to Soho for a month after she graduated from college. We started planning this trip almost two years ago. We would send each other news tidbits on goings on in London, and pictures of all the things we wanted to see and places we wanted to go.”
Caroline looked down again before continuing, “A little over a year ago, Marie and my husband were killed in a car accident.” 
Caroline paused - there was no way to prepare a stranger for that kind of statement. She looked back up for John’s response. He sat listening intently, his smile moving from lighthearted to encouraging as if he knew she had more she needed to say and he would wait until she was ready to say it.
“After the funerals, I just walked around in a daze with the occasional complete breakdown,” she smirked lightly, “I would come out long enough to keep my businesses afloat, feed the dogs, and curl back up into my grief. After three months, some friends confronted me and told me that spending the rest of my life grieving over my daughter and husband was no way to honor their memories. 
“When I felt I was ready to clear out my daughter’s room I found all of the pictures and text messages and emails we had sent one another about this trip. I decided that I should fulfill this dream we shared, this adventure we promised each other. And so, here I am.”
Caroline wiped the tears from her eyes, a forced smile on her face. They sat quietly for a moment before John leaned forward and took one of her hands in both of his. 
“You made the right decision coming here. You are going to have a wonderful adventure worthy of your daughter’s memory. And you’re going to start by coming to a birthday party tonight.”
 “Oh really, is that what I am doing tonight?” Caroline laughed as she wiped away more tears.
“Absolutely! I will not take no for an answer, you are my personal guest.” John slapped his thigh as he said it, as if to punctuate the decision. They both laughed.
“Well then, I need to go shopping. What do I wear to a celebrity’s birthday party?”

Caroline had enough time for a quick run through the grocery store on her way to the flat from visiting boutiques.  With multiple bags to carry the whole ‘walking everywhere’ plan seemed like a bad idea by the time she got to the flat. But she was exhilarated and expectant, feelings she hadn’t had in years. 
Before the accident she saw her marriage as stable, predictable and boring.  She loved her husband, as far as she could tell. He was a good man, everything she was told she should want in a husband. And she did enjoy his company – as a friend. She lost any romantic interest in him a few years after their wedding. She had stayed faithful despite invitations to do otherwise from both business acquaintances and strangers. She had a good, financially secure life with someone who loved her. It felt wrong to always want something more. But she dreaded living out the rest of her life in that state. She dreaded it right until she no longer had it. Then the grief, guilt and relief took turns torturing her. It also forced her to take an honest look at her marriage and face the truth: she had an unhappy but stable marriage - and it was over. Time to move on.
Her daughter’s death gripped her differently. She fell apart seeing anything that reminded her of Marie for the first six months. She was compelled to take photos down and move them to Marie’s locked bedroom, give away Marie’s car, and cancel the cable TV so she wouldn’t accidentally come across BBC. She had a constant ache in her belly, a phantom loss in her very womb. 
Marie was beautiful, talented, and goofy; she would bring stories home from nights out with her friends that left Caroline rolling in laughter. And she enjoyed spending time with Caroline; the transition to adulthood had begun to realign their relationship from that of parent and child to a close-knit friendship. Caroline remembered when Marie brought up the idea of London, insisting that they should go together, rather than arranging to go with fellow grads. This dream of going to London was the one bright spot in Caroline’s life over that last year together, making it all the more important.
Caroline played music as she showered and got ready. She hoped her small makeup kit would be enough – she hadn’t packed for an exclusive event like this.
“Glad I got my eyebrows and lip waxed before I left…” she muttered to herself, her hair wrapped in a towel as she put her face on in the mirror. 
She giggled, not completely sure why. It seemed silly to care how her eyebrows would look to a room full of strangers, important perhaps but nonetheless strangers that she would probably never see again.
She wore her hair up in a French twist hoping it would look formal enough. John’s description was more of what Caroline considered a semi-formal affair. No tuxedos or ball gowns but no jeans or casual wear either. The high end of semi-formal was what she pictured. She wasn’t sure what was appropriate but she figured a little black dress was always a good bet so she had bought two. The first one looked nice - a little too nice. It made her think of something you would wear to a birthday party for your grandmother. The second one had short sleeves, a wrap-around style, with a high waist. The A-line skirt swooshed with her body as she moved. It was low cut in the front, showing off one of the physical assets she thought well of – her cleavage.
Before the trip she had splurged on a professional bra fitting and a collection of high-end undergarments, just to see what she looked like in something besides cheap 6-per-bag cotton panties. She liked what she saw now. A great bra definitely made a great dress even better. 
If there was one benefit to her long period of grief, it was that she could now fit in the clothes she really liked. It wasn’t the healthiest way to lose weight, and she was glad she gained a little back as she forced herself to eat better. 
A final glance in the mirror at her makeup and she was out the door.

Caroline splurged on a taxi to get her back to John’s restaurant. She could easily walk it in her sneakers, but the stiletto heels were already uncomfortable within the first 30 minutes. Standing still by the bar was making it worse but the room was buzzing with people who all seemed to know each other. John was busy greeting people as they came in. He looked nice in his suit, no tie, his shirt unbuttoned at the top. It showed off his broad shoulders well. He glanced her way several times, his brown eyes twinkling as the light of the chandeliers reflected in them. 
She sipped at her glass of wine as she smiled and tried to fit in, all the while feeling awkward and out of place. And her feet were really beginning to hurt. Anywhere else she would have slid them off and tucked them behind the bar – but it was clear in this crowd that would not go over well. All of the women were stylish and beautiful, all of the men proper and dignified. John finally broke away for a moment to greet her.
“I am so glad you are here. What do you think of all this?” he said as he smiled and waved to the room.
“It looks like a success already.”
“I think you are right. Hopefully the birthday boy will think so. I want to introduce you to some friends. I’d hate for you to be alone in a corner all night. Come with me.” 
John grabbed her hand and led her through the crowd to a small group seated against the wall.
“Cecilia, I’d like you to meet Caroline, Caroline, this is my good friend Cecilia.”
“Hello, it’s nice to meet you,” Caroline greeted the woman with a smile. Cecilia had beautiful, long black hair and dark eyes accented by her smoke-colored silk blouse. She seemed to see everything at once with them. Extending her hand, Cecilia met Caroline gaze and smiled back.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Caroline. Any friend of John’s is a friend of mine. Please join us. You’re from America?”
“Yes. I guess I give it away every time I speak.”
“How long have you been in London?”
“I arrived yesterday.”
“Well let me introduce everyone. This is Matthew.” 
Matthew stood to shake her hand. He was an older, thick gentleman in a dark suit, with small eyes and grey hair. He seemed polite enough, but Caroline did note the length of time he took eyeing her cleavage.
“And Rebecca.” 
Rebecca waived from the corner. She was young and pretty, perhaps late twenties, with blond hair and a very tight, short red dress on. She appeared to be with Matthew, sitting rather close to him, with her arm wrapped around the back of his chair.
“And this is my husband, Daniel.” 
She turned to greet him as he returned to the table with drinks in hand. A handsome man in his mid-30s with blond hair cut short and glasses, Daniel was wearing a stylish black suit. 
“Hello, very nice to meet you.”
The table proceeded to ask her all kinds of questions about America, where she was from, her views on the latest politics, and such. Being the center of attention was strange at first, but after a few more sips of wine and realizing she was as close to an expert on the topic as there was at the table, it was also fun; she became talkative, even telling a few jokes that the table roared along with. She accepted an offer from Daniel to get her another glass of wine as he needed to refresh his own drink and nibbled on the unending platters of hors d’oeuvres being served. John’s chef was amazing; while Caroline couldn’t identify everything she was eating, all of it was delicious, and it appeared that everyone in the room was enjoying the food as much as she was.
“So, how do you know John?” Cecilia asked as she sipped her third martini.
“Actually, I just met him this morning outside the restaurant. He’s very friendly.”
 “Yes he is. He is one of my favorite people because of it. He must have sensed you needed a friend. He’s like that. Always has been.” 
Caroline smiled back and nodded. She indeed needed a friend to start off  this month.  Suddenly the crowd began to clap and holler.
“I guess Benjamin has finally arrived,” Cecilia announced as the table stood to add to the clapping and whistleblowing. 
A huge flux started moving toward the front door to greet the guest of honor, so much so that Caroline really couldn’t see who was coming in the door. She saw John standing near the rear of the room, smiling at the goings on, so she stood and walked over to him, away from the crowd and noise.
“Are you happy with the turn-out?” she asked, raising her voice above the din.
“Couldn’t be happier. What do you think of the food?” John asked, keeping his eyes to the front.
“It’s amazing. Your chef is fantastic.” 
Caroline watched him make eye contact with the guest of honor. She could just make out his warm smile as he acknowledged John from afar and nodded, surrounded by well-wishers. Until the rest of the guests greeted him, John would be content to wait.
He turned back to Caroline, “How do you like Cecilia and her table?”
“They are very friendly. They asked me a lot about America. And Matthew is enjoying my cleavage from across the table.”
John laughed out loud, “That does not surprise me at all. But in his defense, it is a lovely view.” 
Caroline felt herself blush again, but she couldn’t help a smile. John entered the bar area behind the very busy bartenders, and poured her another glass of wine and a water for himself. 
“I may or may not have to escort a few guests out the door,” he explained, “So I will wait to enjoy a drink after the party.”

It was eleven o’clock before anyone began leaving in a slow trickle and the restaurant was still crowded at midnight. Caroline could see scruffy-looking men with cameras outside; paparazzi. A few seemed content to wait out the party for a photo of someone famous. Several had already left, guessing that the tabloid-worthy had snuck out the back. A few faces around her seemed vaguely familiar; perhaps she had seen them on one of Marie’s favorite shows or movies. She didn’t know anyone by name and couldn’t say for sure who the “famous” ones were - which put her at an advantage since she had no desire to impress or fan over anyone. Her main concern was not embarrassing her host.
John made sure she had company most of the evening, introducing her to several people or having Cecilia introduce her around. She was sitting at a table alone now, feeling the last of the jet lag get to her, when she saw John headed her way with Benjamin following behind. 
Now that she could actually see the guest of honor, she understood why people seemed enamored by him. He was the same height as John but leaner. His dark brown waves were neatly brushed back, and his eyes were a piercing mix of green and grey, with long, dark lashes. His face, long and elegant, was not what she would consider traditionally handsome but something about it made her heart flutter a little. He was dressed in a tailored suit and a white shirt with no tie. She could see his t-shirt peeking through the very top of his shirt and his expression was rather serious. 
She guessed it was either too many drinks or the lateness of the evening that had quieted his mood. John looked weary as well but his smile was still intact as they approached, 
“Caroline, I’d like you to meet my good friend, Benjamin Richardson. Benjamin, this is Caroline Tate from America.”
“Happy Birthday, Mr. Richardson.” Caroline smiled and held out her hand to him.
“It is always a pleasure to meet one of John’s friends,” Benjamin’s voice was warm and deep, his accent identical to John’s. His gaze never moved from her eyes as he shook her hand.
“Please, call me Benjamin. Did you enjoy the party?”
“Yes, it was very nice. But the important question is did you enjoy the party?”
Benjamin smiled, “Yes, very much. It was nice to not be in some stuffy convention hall for a change. I enjoy a small crowd of people to celebrate special occasions with. I don’t get to do this very often these days.” She noticed the smile highlighted tiny creases around his eyes.
A waiter came and whispered in John’s ear.
“If you would keep the lovely lady company, Benjamin, I need to speak to the kitchen briefly before they leave for the night. Don’t worry, Caroline, you are in good hands. I’ll be right back.” 
John headed toward the kitchen stairs as Benjamin pulled out a chair to sit down at the table with Caroline.
He sat upright, fingers laced together in his lap, knees slightly parted; Caroline wondered if he was either trying to evaluate her or keep from slouching forward. She knew now that his change of mood was indeed caused by a few too many drinks. His smile tilted up to one side.
“So, how did you meet John?” 
“I just met him today outside the restaurant.”
“Just today? I see. Just by chance outside?”  His tone was not unfriendly but the smile was making her uncomfortable.
	“I just arrived yesterday. I was admiring the chandeliers in the window, and he was coming in to check on things while I was there. He invited me in to see the restaurant and to lunch.  We spent the afternoon talking. Next thing I know he insists that I come to your birthday party as his guest. I hope that is ok.”
Benjamin’s smile broadened. He placed his hands and forearms on the table, leaning toward her as he began to speak in a hushed voice.
“I know why you’re here -the only stranger at the party. I’m flattered. I just don’t like my friends to be used simply to get close to me. But you are fetching and I’ve had a bit too much to drink. Do you live someplace we could pop in quickly and make your trip to London more memorable? You can tell stories about how you shagged Benjamin Richardson. Isn’t that really why you’re here?”
Caroline sat stunned. This was not the impression she had from John’s stories of his friend. The more she realized what he was saying to her, the angrier she got.
“Mr. Richardson,” she spoke in a low voice back to him, controlling her impulse to slap him, “I am sorry to burst your bubble, but I have no idea who you are. I wouldn’t know you if we passed on the street and I certainly did not use John to meet you in the hopes of sleeping with you.”
“Really?” 
“Really. So I guess you better make other arrangements. I’m heading home. Alone.” 
Caroline retrieved her purse from behind the bar. As she walked past the table, she could see Benjamin still leaning over it, his alcohol-laden brain slowly comprehending her refusal and exit. She hated leaving without saying goodbye to John but avoiding having to explain this conversation to him seemed the better option at that moment. She walked out the front door and took a taxi back to her flat.

3

Caroline slept in after a night that had drained every last drop of energy from her, both physically and emotionally. Meeting new people in a strange country was exhausting, but the night had ended on a sour note, requiring great restrained on her part to not make a scene. Sleeping meant she didn’t have to think about it. 
The man she met last night was nothing like the one John told stories about. The “celebrity” was arrogant and conceited. And rude. And vile. And a few other choice words she had floating through her head. And she hated the tiny part of her that was reveling in the flattery of it all; two different men telling her she was beautiful (fetching?) in the same day.
Around 10 am the doorbell rang; she let it ring again before grabbing her robe and heading down to the front door. A neatly dressed young man in his mid-20s stood waiting, a bouquet of roses in one hand and an envelope in the other.
“Ms. Tate? My name is Thomas and I work for Mr. Richardson. He asked me to deliver these.” He handed her the roses and the note, “He told me I was to wait until you read the letter and respond.”
Caroline stood in her bathrobe, her hair askew, perplexed. She opened and read the handwritten letter.

Ms. Tate,

I realize now what a horrible mistake I have made. I am ashamed of my behavior and beg your forgiveness. My actions were completely inappropriate. Please allow me to make amends by having lunch with me today at 1 o’clock. I will send my car around to pick you up at your flat at noon. Please dress smartly but comfortably.

Sincerely,
Benjamin Richardson

What?! She had just spent the better part of the morning tearing this man to pieces in her mind – and now he was sending her flowers, an apology, and an invitation to lunch? It irritated her that it was written assuming her acceptance - and telling her what to wear was over the line.
“Tell him my response is no.”
Thomas looked stunned for a moment, then put his hand in his coat pocket, pulling out another letter, and handing it to her, “He told me to give you this if you said no.”

Ms. Tate,

I certainly understand your refusal. But I simply must make amends. I have offended both you and, in turn, my dear friend John. Please say yes.

Sincerely,
B.R.

She paused again.
“Is there another one if I say no again?” she asked sarcastically.
“Yes, mum. And another one after that.” Thomas smiled, “I don’t know what the letters say, but he rewrote the first one at least three times. I usually take care of his correspondence myself. This was very – unusual.” 
Unusual, of course, she thought to herself, he doesn’t usually get a cold reception. She took a deep breath, trying to feel out if the offer was anything less than sincere.
“Tell Mr. Richardson I accept.”
Thomas smiled back at her, “Very good, mum. I will pass that along. Have a good day.”

Thirty minutes into the drive, it occurred to Caroline that she was leaving London for this lunch date. They were on a highway, a fairly congested one, with signs for locations she did not recognize from her travel preparations.
“Is the traffic always like this?” she asked the driver.
“Thi’ is actually quite good. We’re still movin’,” he replied in a thick accent she couldn’t identify, a bit of a laugh in his voice, “I’ won’ take us long a’ all to get to the studio.”
She leaned forward, “Studio? I thought we were meeting at a restaurant.”
“I received a call before I arrived a’ your fla’ tha’ I was to take ye to the studio, mum.”
Caroline leaned back in her seat, picking at her jeans and smoothing out her blue silk blouse. This was not what she had agreed to; she wasn’t sure what to think of it. Plus, as little familiarity as she had of Soho, she was completely lost now, with no idea where she was going, or how she would get back if she had to leave on her own. 

They arrived at the studio and were ushered through the gate. The driver took her to a back lot, maneuvering between large metal and brick buildings buzzing with activity, golf carts, and equipment. Thomas met her at the car.
“Ms. Tate, hello again,” Thomas’ cheery demeanor was not enough to smooth out Caroline’s irritation from the unexpected car ride.
“Thank you, Thomas. This is not what I was expecting.”
“No mum, neither is it what was originally planned. Filming was supposed to end at noon today, but I’m afraid there were technical difficulties and Mr. Richardson was forced to stay until they could get worked out. He arranged for the two of you to have lunch in a private room, if that is acceptable.” Thomas seemed to be waiting for her approval of the arrangement.
“I guess it will have to do, since I’m already here.”
“Mr. Richardson is still filming at the moment. Would you like a tour of the studio while you wait?” 
They walked through several large, warehouse-looking spaces set up for various television shows and films, a streetscape of somewhere in London, and one for a music video. Thomas’ incredibly extensive knowledge of the goings on throughout the studio kept them moving at a brisk pace of both walking and talking. A few minutes into their tour he received a call telling him filming had ended for the day; they walked back around where they started, and he escorted Caroline through a door of one of the warehouse-like building. They entered a small room with an oval wood table and plush chairs surrounding it. At the far end of the table, two place settings were laid out, she assumed for her lunch with Mr. Richardson.
“Mr. Richardson will be along shortly. If you don’t mind waiting here a few moments, I have some errands to run. Lunch is set up as a buffet on the back table when the two of you are ready. I hope you enjoy it.” Thomas headed out, shutting the door behind him, leaving Caroline alone.
The walls were covered with antique movie posters in wood frames. The room smelled mildly of cigarette smoke.  She heard voices outside the door and turned just as Mr. Richardson opened it to enter. Even in a simple black t-shirt and jeans, his appearance was still striking. She could smell his cologne as he entered, a musky aroma, much more pleasing than the scent of cigarettes. He paused to look at her, gave a weak smile, and closed the door. 
He walked forward speaking slowly, as if pre-planning each word, “I am truly pleased you agreed to lunch with me. I am sorry to be so late. Are you hungry?”
“I could eat,” Caroline replied, guarded but polite. Benjamin took that as a positive sign, smiling and gesturing to the back table.
“Well then, so am I. Please, after you.”
The buffet lunch consisted of cold meats, cheeses, bakery breads, shrimp pate, and a variety of crudités. They made their plates and sat at the table, attempting polite conversation, as he asked what she thought of the ride over, if she enjoyed the studio tour, and so on. She responded politely to each questions; she could feel his awkward discomfort as they got through the meal.
Caroline finished half of her sandwich and pushed the plate away; she was too distracted to eat. A long pause of silence commenced, but she held herself back from being the first to speak. She was not going to make this easy for him. He finished his lunch and pushed his plate to the side, leaning forward, his hands linked in front of him on the table.
In a halting voice, Mr. Richardson began speaking, “I know you did not want to come here today. I entirely understand. Your impression of me must be… horrible. I don’t know what I can say other than I am truly, truly sorry about the way I spoke to you last night…” 
“You were incredibly rude,” Caroline broke in, her voice slowly getting louder as her tone climbed.
“I know…”
“Vile… Self-absorbed…”
“Yes, I agree”
“Conceited...”
“I…”
“Crass…offensive…”
“I know…”
“An asshole!” Caroline exclaimed. She saw the look of surprise on his face - the same look she had on her own, she wagered.  She took a second and composed herself, bringing her voice back down. 
“You were an asshole, Mr. Richardson.”
Benjamin leaned back, a look of sincerity mixed with amusement on his face, “Yes, Ms. Tate. Yes, I was. I appreciate your honesty and directness. I don’t get that a lot.”
Caroline sat back in her chair. They looked at each other for a moment, trying to keep their composure.  A twitch set in on the corners of her lips before she burst out laughing along with him. The audacity of this stranger calling him such terrible names, and him thanking her for it, was too ironic not to. The mood quickly changed from tension to relief, as they both began to relax.
“How did you find out where I was staying?” Caroline asked. She had only told John that she was staying in Soho, but had never given him her address.
Benjamin answered, “I had Thomas call every short let landlord in Soho starting at seven this morning until he found you.”
She smiled. She couldn’t help but feel flattered and a little charmed at the amount of effort he had put into this apology.
“So, what are your plans for your third day in London?”
Caroline paused, “I really haven’t made any yet. I’m still a little in awe that I’m actually here.”
“If you would permit me, I know some places that you simply must see that may not be on your tourist maps. I would be honored to show them to you. If you are willing to tolerate me, and possibly a few paparazzi, that is. I’m afraid that is part of my daily routine. But I will do my best to stay incognito.” Benjamin stood up, as if assuming what her answer would be, then paused, “If you would like to, that is. Perhaps you have had enough of my company.”
Caroline paused to consider his offer. 
“I think I can tolerate a little more of you, Mr. Richardson - if you promise to behave like a gentleman.”
He smiled and bowed, “I sincerely promise. The arrogant ass from last night is no longer present. I do ask that you call me Benjamin. Mr. Richardson is much too formal.”
“If you will call me Caroline.”
“Agreed.” 

It was nearing 3 when they made it to the first stop, a private museum in north London, one closed to the public. Benjamin made a call before they arrived and the curator was waiting for them. It was clear from their greetings that Benjamin was a frequent visitor.
Caroline slowly wandered through each small room of the converted mansion. It was beautiful, several hundred years old from what she could tell; a feeling of nostalgia swept over her. She vaguely remembered feeling the same when she was an exchange student many years ago, wandering through the streets and castles of Nuremburg, Germany.  Nothing built in America was as old as some of the homes still being lived in here. 
Each room was filled with paintings, some no more than a few inches in diameter, and others that covered most of one wall on their own. She did not recognize most of the artists’ names, but they were all eloquent. Benjamin quietly strolled up behind her as she gazed at a landscape. 
“Beautiful, isn’t it? This is one of my favorites.” His voice was soft and low, giving deference to the artwork, “They are all by lesser known English artists. I come here often to gaze at them. It is a place of solitude for me when fame begins to feel more like a weight around my neck than a gift.” 
He moved on to the next room as Caroline watched him wander past. She was beginning to wonder how complicated this friend of John’s was - and why it was so important to him that his friend think well of him. They continued to stroll through the upper floors for more than an hour before returning to the entrance and thanking the curator for his generosity of time. 
They traveled a few minutes to their next location, a formal English garden full of color and vibrancy, nestled behind another stone mansion.  This one was occupied by the staff of the family who owned it, but again, it was obvious they were familiar with Benjamin as a visitor and greeted him warmly. Several other people were wandering the stone-walled garden, but each was absorbed in their own thoughts and conversations, taking no notice of them as they strolled along the cobbled paths. Benjamin began identifying several of the flowering shrubs and plants for her, including their scientific names and origins from around the world.
“Are you a botanist too or just showing off?” She asked playfully after the fourth encyclopedic lesson.
Benjamin stuttered a little, “What? No. Oh, sorry. I played a gardener’s son once, and studied a good amount preparing for the role. I didn’t mean to bore you by rattling on.”
She laughed, “You weren’t boring me. It just sounded like you were reciting it from a book.”
“Perhaps I was. I have a photographic memory. It comes in handy when learning my lines.”
They strolled to the back wall of the massive garden, enjoying the sunshine and the perfume of multiple varieties of flowers and trees surrounding them before sitting down on a stone bench facing a mixed assortment of  wildflowers.
After a few moments of quietly enjoying the view, Benjamin spoke first, “John and I visited for a while after everyone left the party last night. He was telling me about meeting you. The more he talked, the more embarrassed I became at my behavior. I must admit, I didn’t tell him about what happened.” Pausing, he added, “He told me about your reason for visiting London. I admire that.”
Caroline sat still, looking straight ahead at the multiple colored blooms in front of her. She focused on the sun on her face, the smell of the blossoms, the cool stone seat, anything else.
“Thank you.” She said it with a tone of finality, hoping he would get the hint. She didn’t want the conversation to go any further this direction; she wasn’t sure what her reaction would be. They sat in silence again.
“I wasn’t entirely honest with you last night,” Caroline began, “I knew who you were. Well, not really. I recognized your name from my daughter Marie’s list of favorite British actors. But I haven’t actually seen you in anything. When I said you would be a stranger on the street - that was true.”
“So, you really don’t know anything about me? Other than what John told you?” he asked.
“No. My impression of you is based on a few stories from your childhood and actually meeting you.”
“I like that.” 
The quiet this time shifted and Caroline felt surprisingly content in his company.
“Are you ready to move on, then - to our next destination?” Benjamin asked, his deep voice resonating in the breeze around them.
“Yes,” she smiled back at him, “I can’t wait to see what you have planned next!”

The sun was setting; rush hour traffic was upon them as Londoners commuted out of the business areas and into the suburbs and evening centers of the area. The tint on the rear windows was just enough to keep people from being able to see who was in the car without a direct view in, but it proved unnecessary, as most travelers were focused on getting home and didn’t care who was in a chauffeured black sedan beside them.  The two of them sat in the back seat chatting about the differences growing up in America and the UK.
“It’s not that we don’t like the royal family,” Caroline teased, “I mean, we are fascinated by them; but we fought a war to get away from an English king, as you might recall. You lost, by the way.” 
“We didn’t lose. We decided the Americans were simply too much trouble, always complaining, it was a relief to be done with you,” he chided back at her. “I believe we are going to be in this traffic a bit longer. I was planning dinner at a restaurant just a few more miles down.”
“Planning? So you assumed from the start that I would accept your invitation?” she confronted him, a glint in her eye.
He looked apologetic, not sure if she was offended, “I didn’t feel that lunch was sufficient to make up for my indiscretion. I was hopeful that you would accept, so I asked Thomas to make arrangements in the happy chance that you did.”
Caroline smiled, “Now that you mention it, I just realized how long it’s been since lunch, and I didn’t eat very much then; I was too nervous to eat.”
“Nervous? Really?” the relief at her response evident on his face, “I thought you were just being polite. So you do like to eat?”
“Yes, I can eat. Are you making fun of me?” she asked him, feigning offense again.
“No, no, I just want to make sure you will enjoy your food and not simply sit there and stare at mine.”
“Do women really do that?”
He smiled and shook his head.
“Well, I like to eat, so please don’t be too surprised.”

The restaurant was quaint and dark-lit, tucked at the end of an alley. The driver dropped them off at the front door and they darted in quickly so as not be spotted on the street. They had a reservation for a table in the back and were seated immediately.
The menu was simple but elegant country fare; they placed their orders and started on a bottle of wine. A server brought a candle for the table; the restaurant’s dim lighting made the most of the flickering flame’s dance across their faces and added a faint glow to the wine. Caroline began to feel warm and light within the first glass, with no food left in her stomach to smooth out the wine’s effects.
“You’re smiling. Is something amusing?” Benjamin’s cheeks were turning rosy; she reasoned he was feeling the wine as well.
“The wine. It’s making me lightheaded.”
“The smile suits you.” 
“Are you always this charming? Or are you on your best behavior?” She asked. The wine was definitely working on her.
He laughed, “Regrettably, as you have already experienced, I am not always this charming.” He finished his glass, poured another, and topped hers off, “but I find it easy to be charming around you.”
She smiled, “You don’t need to try so hard; you are forgiven for your behavior last night.”
“Thank you. I have enjoyed getting to know you,” he smiled, almost whispering, “I’ve enjoyed it more than I expected.”
He took another sip of wine, gazing at her through the candlelight.  Caroline felt the same flutter in her chest as the night before, and her face grew warm. She hoped the light was too dim for him to notice.

It was around 8 when they got back in the car, and Benjamin was asking the driver to hurry to their last stop of the night.
“I have a surprise for you. I think you will enjoy it, but we are running late.”
They arrived at the entrance 15 minutes later. Benjamin grabbed her hand as they rushed out of the car and  Caroline felt her heart take an unexpected leap at his touch. It took her a moment to realize where they were.
She could hardly believe it – they were at the base of the London Eye, the tallest ferris wheel like structure in Europe. It was one of the original attractions on her and Marie’s list of planned adventures, but now, facing the reality of being over 400 feet in the air in a glass bubble, she was wondering if she should rethink it. The wine from dinner gave her courage, as they stepped into their private capsule and took a seat on the bench in the center as it continued upward.
The movement was slow and steady, bringing the breathtaking skyline of London at night into greater and greater view. Caroline stood up and moved to the edge of the glass wall, in awe as the lights of the city flickered. It was so much bigger than she imagined. She pulled out her phone to take photos, wishing she had a camera more worthy to capture it. Up and up they went, the view becoming more and more breathtaking, as the capsule came to the top of the immense wheel. 
As they rounded the top of the Eye, Benjamin got up and stood beside her.
“It’s so beautiful,” she said under her breath.
“Yes, beautiful,” he echoed.  
She could feel his eyes; he was not looking at the sky scape. Caroline’s pulse began to race. She felt the blood rush to her cheeks, and her attempts at breathing deeply to quiet her heart were not working. She took a few more photos and put her phone in her pocket. 
They were standing within inches of one another. She thought about sitting back down, but her feet wouldn’t move. She steadied her eyes on London, feeling his eyes on her. With nowhere else to turn, she met his gaze. His expression - a mixture of wonder and something else, something she hadn’t seen in a very long time - made her catch her breath.
Benjamin touched her cheek with his hand, whispering, “I’m going to kiss you.” 
The lights of the Eye and of London lit up his skin, and she tilted her face up to meet his. His lips were soft and warm, not asking too much, but offering more if she wanted; she shivered at the sensation. They stood looking at each other for a few moments then kissed again.
 

4

Rain tapped at the window as Caroline awoke. It was mid-morning and a gloomy day outside, but inside the flat all she could think about was the scent of roses.  The pitcher sat on the small desk by the window. Although most of the blooms were tightly shut when they had arrived, today they were open and alive and sweet, as if they knew what her night had been like and wanted to greet her with the memory afresh.
She lay looking through the slats of the lofted bedroom. Had her day with Benjamin Richardson really been everything she remembered? Her insides jumbled up as she thought about the kiss in the capsule, and the one after that as he said goodnight at the front door. He didn’t ask to come up, and she was relieved; she wasn’t completely sure what she would have said. She was married for twenty years; the idea of being intimate with someone new left her hesitant and unsure of herself.
She grabbed her phone. No calls, no texts. She jumped up and into the shower. They had not made any plans, but she wanted to be ready if he called. She didn’t want to seem like she was waiting on him – but it was a rainy day in London, and she had nowhere to be. 
The rain began to let up as she finished her brunch. She grabbed her jacket, phone and umbrella and headed out for a walk venturing the opposite direction. She was fond of going down side streets, wandering until she found Carnaby Street. This one she knew as the place to go to shopping. A little ways down and she was in King’s Point, a three-story complex of shops and cafés. She wandered through several of the vintage clothing stores as well as an art gallery to enjoy a photography exhibit. 
It was mid-afternoon and the courtyard was busy with afternoon tea visitors. She followed the sweet scent of baked goods into a tea house and sat down to a traditional tea service – at least to her knowledge, since she had never actually experienced this quintessentially English tradition. Caroline remembered Marie switching to hot tea instead of cocoa when it got cold that last fall. For the first time, thinking of Marie brought comfort instead of sadness. She sipped her tea and savored the various finger sandwiches and sweets, watching through the window as people walked by. 
The umbrella proved handy on the way back to the flat, as another shower began halfway there. Caroline pulled out her phone as she walked – no calls, no messages. She sighed. It was a quiet night in then. She arrived back at the flat and started her computer to send emails and do some work.
The death of her husband left her the president and sole owner of three small businesses, only one of which she had been actively involved in before. She was grateful for the amazing teams that held the companies together while she grieved the first six months until she was ready to reengage. After a crash course in the first two, she interviewed every employee and promoted the best candidates to general manager in the industrial machine company and janitorial services business. They reported directly to her, along with the book-keepers, and she had direct access to the computer servers. The decision to hand over the GM reigns was a good one; her selections treated the businesses like they owned them, and she paid them well for their loyalty while keeping an eye on the operations.
The third, a consulting firm, was her baby; she expanded her staff months before the accident, which was a major reason it survived without her. Several clients had to be reassured multiple times that her team was an extension of herself. She had two that downright refused and she promised to be available via email during the thirty days. There were a few contract updates and weekly statistical reports, but nothing requiring her immediate response. No one’s hair is on fire, she liked to say.
Her personal email was filled with messages from concerned friends and family; she had forgotten to tell anyone that she was safe and sound in London. She sent one mass email out then wrote a longer one to her best friend, hinting that she was enjoying the company of friendly, English gentlemen and their lovely accents, and would send photos as soon as she could get out of the rain and into some sight-seeing.
It was almost seven when she finished her correspondence. She put together a light dinner and got in her oversized t-shirt before turning on the television. Settling in on the sofa with her feet curled under her and a glass of white wine, she clicked through the channels for a few hours. 
She checked the phone one more time before climbing up the stairs to bed.

5

Caroline woke up resolute. She wasn’t going to wait around for a call that may or may not come. Today she was heading to Buckingham Palace.
She pulled out her guidebook and made sure the London Tube app was working on her phone. The underground transit service was similar to the Marta in Atlanta that she was familiar with, so she walked to the closest station. She headed to the platform that would put her on the train to Green Park. It would put her a bit further away than the closer stations, but the weather was warm and sunny and the idea of a brisk walk in fresh air sounded very appealing.
Green Park’s lush open fields of grass surrounded by tree-covered walking paths and flower beds were littered with people enjoying the warm day, lounging in lawn chairs, and laying out in the sun. Several young couples left little to the imagination with their rather amorous kissing. She was in no rush and strolled under the trees, taking photos of the colorful gardens and various art forms as she passed.
She arrived at the ticket gate for Buckingham Palace and started on a tour. Everywhere she turned were vibrant colors, intricate design, gold filigree, and sculptured details. Portraits of current and previous royal family members hung on the walls, but even the light fixtures, lamps, and chandeliers were art in their own right. Anything smacking of modernity would have been out of place and tarnished the experience.
She imagined beautiful women in full gowns and men in tuxedos. Would it be nerve-wracking to meet the Queen? There was an entire book of protocol to learn and the last thing you would want is to do something wrong in her presence. It seemed somehow worse than doing something wrong in front of the President.
It was mid-afternoon by the time she started walking across the park. The sun was high and she had to take her jacket off. There was no rush to get back, so she wandered around the park to a few museums in the area. The sun was just starting to set by the time she headed back to the tube station.
Stepping into the early evening air, she decided to walk around to John’s restaurant to see how he was since the party. Just as she walked in he came swiftly from the back, breaking into a huge smile at the sight of her.
“I was just thinking about you! I was going to call you later,” John burst out as he grabbed her hands in his and kissed each of her cheeks in greeting. 
“I’ve been playing tourist all day. How has your week been?” she asked. 
 “It’s been brilliant!” he replied, guiding her to the back as guests arrived for their reservations, “We’re close to booked solid for this weekend. In fact, tonight’s late seating is the only quiet spot, and I was wondering if you’d like to pop in later for dinner and then take in some dancing, night spots, enjoy what Soho is known for?” John’s little shimmy of a dance, along with his upbeat attitude and energy, was just what she needed.
“Sounds wonderful. I need to go home and wash the smell of the Tube off of me anyway…”
“You rode the Tube today! You will have to tell me all about your adventures at dinner. I’ll see you back here around nine.”
Caroline agreed and headed to the flat to shower and get ready. The thought of a night clubbing left her giddy; she hadn’t gone dancing in years. She loved music and would dance alone in her kitchen, or ask Marie to teach her the latest “in” dance, but that was as close as she got.
Caroline looked through her limited wardrobe and settled on a dark pair of jeans, a sleeveless blouse with a low neckline, and her black heels. It was as close to a “clubbing” outfit as she could produce. A little jewelry, dark makeup, and some loose curls finished it out. She looked in the tiny bathroom mirror and smiled. She looked younger. She felt younger too. 
She pushed her key, ID, cash, and lip gloss in her pockets. She started to grab her phone, then changed her mind and put it back on the charger before heading out.
A table for two in the corner was waiting when she arrived. John greeted her with a kiss on each cheek again, grabbing her hands and taking a long look at her.
“You look amazing! I just spoke to Cecilia, we will catch up with them after dinner, they were heading to a bar just a few blocks down. The chef’s special tonight is salmon, I think we have a few left, or you can select anything you’d like…”
“The salmon sounds great. Thanks.” 
John passed their salmon orders along with orders for soup and a bottle of wine to one of the servers and sat down.
“So, tell me what’s been going on since the party. What have you been up to?” he asked.
Caroline told him about the art museum and the garden and riding on the Eye, as well as her adventures on the Tube and sight-seeing. She left out one detail – Benjamin. It was clear to her that the day had been merely a way to smooth out his inappropriate behavior and get in her good graces so that the whole affair would not be retold to John. Since she didn’t want to explain why she spent the day with Benjamin in the first place, it made sense to remove him from the adventure altogether. If he wanted to explain it, he could tell John.
The fish melted in her mouth. She was glad the portions were not outrageous like in the states; she would have embarrassed herself by eating more. As they finished their main course, John declared that no meal was complete without dessert, insisting she try the chocolate crème pie; it rounded out the meal perfectly. 
“It can get a bit wild out here,” John said when they were on the street, grabbing her hand and laughing, “I don’t want to lose you before we get there!” 
He wasn’t exaggerating. People were lined up everywhere waiting to get into bars and nightclubs, or just standing out on the sidewalks laughing with their friends. The crowd was diverse, some clubs catering to students, others to the gay community, and still others to VIPs only, as doormen hand-selected who could get in.
“This is crazy!” she exclaimed.
“Exactly. It’s a good bet to make reservations everywhere, even at many of the bars and nightclubs. We’ll get in the door and then look for Cecelia and Daniel.” 
John maneuvered through the crowds like an expert; a big night out to her seemed like a normal Friday for him.
They arrived at the club, a long line waiting outside. John went directly up to the door, shook hands with the large doorman, and they were ushered in. The interior was covered in frosted glass lighting accents, a backlit bar, and loud music. It made her heart beat in her chest harder as John, still hanging on to her hand, weaved the two of them through the crowd to get drinks. He handed her a glass with a strange piece of fruit in it; it was sweet, cold and strong. They spotted Cecelia and Daniel at a nearby table surrounded by others.
“Well it’s about time you two got here!” Cecelia stood up and gave them each a hug and kiss, already tipsy. She sat back down and proceeded to introduce Caroline to the group as her new American friend and encouraging everyone to get to know her. 
No sooner had Caroline put her drink on the table, one of the men stood up and said, “You haven’t been dancing yet,” grabbed her hand and led her out to the dance floor. She looked back at John, smiled, and shrugged as he tipped his glass to her.
Caroline spent most of the night dancing. She sat down just long enough to catch her breath, give her feet a break, and have a drink. She had forgotten how much fun it was to break free, flirt with strangers, and live a little. Most of the time she danced with John; when he would run to the bar for drinks, Daniel took his place.  Cecelia seemed content to people-watch at the table with her friends, drinking and commenting on the view.
“As long as I keep her glass full, I can dance the night away,” Daniel told her, “She just doesn’t like to dance.”  
Daniel, however, was a great dancer, which surprised Caroline. His normal subdued demeanor completely changed when he was on the dance floor. He spun her around like a pro, teaching her a few moves that left her breathless.
John was not an incredible dancer, but he did well enough for himself. He kept getting in close and tight, enjoying the flirting and taking every opportunity to slow dance with his arms around her, although the music rarely let up. 
As the evening went on his smile became more and more unreadable– Caroline couldn’t tell if there was anything more than just friendship and dancing going on in his head. Did she want more than that from him? She shook herself and let the thought go. Right now, all she wanted was to have a good time.

6

It was the wee hours of the morning when they decided to call it a night. The streets were crowded and much rowdier, as the alcohol-laden left clubs and bars. After saying goodnight to Cecelia and Daniel, John again grabbed her hand and led her through the partiers onto quieter streets. 
“You dance really well,” John spoke in a low, husky voice, different from his upbeat tone, “I enjoyed watching you as much as I did dancing with you. Did you enjoy your night out in Soho?”
 “It was wild. I haven’t had that much fun in ages. Do you do this every Friday?” she asked. She wasn’t sure how she should interpret his comment about her dancing; she really enjoyed his company, but she didn’t feel any electricity, even when they danced close. She hoped he was just being friendly.
 “Me? No! Well, maybe,” he said, almost sneering. It seemed strange on his normally bright face.
“You seemed to know what you were doing back there, cruising through the crowds, walking up to the bartender like you were best friends.”
John laughed, “Perhaps we do go out a bit, me and the rest of them. It’s good to have a bit of fun after a long week.”
They walked quietly for the last block. Caroline hid several yawns; she was ready to crawl into bed and get some sleep.
“Here it is,” she said and pointed as they crossed the street to her building. 
It was quiet and dark except for one street lamp near the front door. As she put her hand in her pocket to retrieve her key, John wrapped his hands around her waist and kissed her. It took her a moment to respond. She was not expecting a kiss, but she returned it, her hands on his forearms. His kiss became more urgent.
“I could come up for a bit.” His breathing was heavy, his eyes tense and cold.
Caroline paused. “I’m very tired; perhaps another time?”
A strange, dark look crossed his face for a second; just as quickly it was gone and he broke out in his trademark smile, “Another time then. Goodnight, Caroline.”
“Goodnight, John.”
She closed the front door behind her and went up the stairs. Something felt weird. Perhaps it was the alcohol. Something about the kiss wasn’t right… she didn’t know what, and she was too tired to think about it.
She put on her nightshirt. As she went to climb the stairs to her bed, she noticed the light blinking on her phone.

(1:00 a.m.) Filmed early til late last 2 days. No phone. Wanted to call you. BR 
(1:05 a.m.) Sorry so late. Just got home. 
(1:07 a.m.) Will call in the morning. 
Caroline reread the messages and looked at the clock. It was almost three. She curled up in bed with the phone and passed out. 

She awoke to her phone buzzing.

Are you up?BR

NO she thought. Yes

Free for dinner?

Yes

Quiet night in OK?

Yes

I’ll send car at 7

Caroline put the phone down. Without thinking she had said yes - to everything. Her head hurt and she was still tired. She rolled over. The scent of roses was the last thing she was conscious of as she fell back to sleep.
Whatever she had been drinking the night before came with a heavy duty headache. Around noon she crawled in the shower, hoping the hot water would somehow soothe the pain. After grabbing some toast and getting presentable enough to be on the street, she walked to the nearest general store for painkillers and straight back to the flat. If she was ever going to make it to dinner, she needed to get rid of this hangover.
By mid-afternoon she was feeling like herself and decided to do laundry. She headed down to the basement floor and threw in a load of towels and bed sheets, and a separate load of clothes. She spent the rest of the afternoon cleaning up the flat and resting. 
Whatever “a quiet night in” meant, she hoped jeans, sneakers, and a t-shirt were appropriate. She fixed her face and hair and waited for the car. Benjamin’s driver told her he would be taking her directly to Mr. Richardson’s home in Kensington. So a quiet night in means a quiet night in, she thought, which is what I need. I don’t think I could do two nights in a row like last night.
The neighborhood was lined with brick homes, manicured lawns and well cared for trees.  They pulled up to a beautiful, large brick building on a corner. The driver let her out and pointed her to the front door, telling her to take the elevator to the top floor.
A doorman greeted her and directed her to the elevator. Apartment buildings certainly don’t look this nice where I come from, she thought to herself, at least none I’ve seen.
Benjamin answered the doorbell in bare feet, a white t-shirt and a pair of sweat pants. His hair was still damp and she could smell his musky soap and shampoo. As he let her in, he busied himself with folding a newspaper and straightening up the entryway.
“Come in, please. I’m running a bit late. Sorry. I ended up getting called to the studio unexpectedly, and I just got back in.” He stopped fussing with the paper and came over to her, smiling, “I told them I had an important engagement to attend and I had to leave.” 
He quickly pulled her in close and kissed her. She felt her heart jump in her chest like it did the other night. Just as quickly he let her go and moved briskly forward to the kitchen. The décor was modern and bright, with white walls and furniture accented by the dark wood cabinets and flooring. He grabbed white folded boxes out of a paper bag as he spoke.
“I ordered in Thai. I hope you like it. I was so rattled at not being here on time that I just picked the first restaurant in my phone that I knew would deliver. I can get something else if you’d prefer.”
“No, this looks great,” she replied, “it smells wonderful.” 
You smell wonderful, she thought. 
They sat at the small round dinette in the kitchen. The food was just as good at it smelled, and Caroline found her appetite had returned after the day of headaches and hangover treatment. They talked about her day at Buckingham Palace as they ate, and she was intrigued to find out that he had the honor of meeting the Queen last year; he confessed that it did require intense preparation to not make a fool of one’s self, even for a simple reception line greeting. 
They finished and carried their wine glasses to the great room. The space had four large windows on one wall, a formal dining room at one end, and a living room at the other with a built-in entertainment center. With the last of the evening sun faded from the windows, Benjamin turned on the ceiling lights, scattered built-in orbs that reminded Caroline of stars. The plush white leather sofa was covered in far too many colorful pillows that Benjamin proceeded to fling one by one onto the floor to make room for them to sit. He positioned himself in the corner, one arm on the armrest holding his wine and the other across the back of the couch.
“Your flat is beautiful. You have a good eye,” she complimented as she sat beside him, placing her wine glass on the coffee table.
“My decorator has a good eye,” he said with a laugh, “if it were left up to me, it would look like I was still in university. I feel like I haven’t been in it for days – Actually, I haven’t.” he commented, running his hand through his hair. He turned and gazed at her for a moment,
“You were quiet at dinner. Is everything all right?” 
“I had a late night out with some of my new friends last night. I didn’t get in ‘til nearly three.” 
“Really? Do tell,” he encouraged as he turned toward her.
“I stopped by the restaurant and saw John after I returned from sight-seeing yesterday, and he invited me to join him for dinner at the restaurant. After that, we met up with Cecelia and Daniel and some other friends of theirs at a club. It was a lot of fun, but I’m afraid John kept bringing us these strange drinks that left me with a splitting headache this morning. And getting in so late didn’t help any.” 
Caroline noticed a look of concern cross his face; just as quickly he sipped his wine and it was gone.
“So John went out drinking with everyone? That’s unusual.”
“Really? He said they go out every weekend,” she told him, as she picked her wine glass back up, “Cecelia was particularly messed up by the time everyone left.”
Benjamin shook his head and laughed, “That doesn’t surprise me. She loves to sip and talk all night, always has. Did you get to dance with Daniel? He’s quite a dancer.”
“I think I danced with everybody that was with us.” She left out the walk home with John.
“I’m glad you had fun. I wish I could have been there,” he spoke with such sincerity. He put his glass down on the end table and picked up the remote. The television came to life and he started flipping through channels, settling on what appeared to be a crime drama.
Caroline sat for a few minutes, sipping the wine, before leaning across Benjamin and placing her glass on the end table beside his. She sat back quietly for a few minutes, watching the television disinterested, thinking about the brief kiss he had greeted her with. That would be much more interesting, she thought.
“Is this the plan for the evening?” she asked abruptly.
“I could find a movie, if you prefer,” he responded, looking quizzically at her. 
Is he really that obtuse, Caroline thought, or am I just that much out of practice? 
“Well, I’ve been working on my British colloquialisms and was hoping you would help me with a few.”
He looked at her surprised, “Um, really?”
“Well, I could barely understand some of the conversations last night. A lot of words they used at the club were completely new to me.”
“What other words would you like me to interpret for you?” Benjamin smiled, amused, “since apparently you cannot speak English.” 
She gave him a sideways glare, feigning offense, before continuing. 
“Cecelia called someone a gobby.”
“Well that means they were being loud, or offensive.”
“What about… wazzock?”
“Someone who is being an idiot or doing something foolish.”
“And they kept using another one, what was it…snogging?” she asked, trying to keep a straight face.
“Snogging?”
“Yes. Perhaps you should demonstrate that one.”
Benjamin broke into a huge smile as he realized what she was doing, and kissed her lightly several times. She put her arm around his waist as he reached around the back of the couch and embraced her. His tongue gently entered her mouth. It was intoxicating. Caroline slid herself back down the couch with him following until they were lying down, his left hand under her head and his right hand slowly gliding up and down the outside of her body. She wrapped both arms around his torso as he moved from her mouth down her neck.
“Am I too heavy?” he whispered.
“No, you’re fine.” 
He stopped to look at her, a dazzling smile on his face, “I couldn’t remember my lines these past two days. I kept thinking about you. The director was furious with me.” She grinned, charmed at the thought, feeling a flush go across her face.
They kissed again, their tongues intertwining with one another, exploring, tasting each other’s mouths. Caroline’s heart was racing like it had on the Eye. He smelled heavenly from the musky scented soap, and her body responded to his kisses in a way she hadn’t been moved in years. With his legs straddling one of hers, she could feel his arousal through his sweat pants, and knowing her effect on him only made her feel more inebriated. His hand began moving more urgently up and down her body and leg. She could feel his heart beating hard through his t-shirt. 
Benjamin reached down and grabbed her hand, intertwining his fingers in hers.  Without thinking, her hips began to move against him, and she felt him meet her response, his mouth moving, nipping and kissing her. She moaned quietly. Benjamin stopped and lifted his head and she stared back at his face flush, eyes dark with passion.
“We should take a break,” he told her, kissing her once more before getting up and leaving the room.
 What just happened? she thought to herself, confused. She sat up and took several deep breaths, combing through her hair with her fingers. Her body wasn’t sure what to do with the sudden drop in energy; she wasn’t used to feeling aroused. Why had he stopped? Had she done something wrong? She sipped her wine, put it down, and sat back on the sofa.
Benjamin returned a few minutes later and sat down beside her, grabbing her hand and kissing the back of it, then stroking the side of her face with his finger, “I’m sorry. I’m finding it difficult to control myself around you. And I promised you I would be a gentleman.”
Caroline sat there for a moment appreciating his gesture and hating it. She climbed on his lap facing him and smiled.
“I’m not sure my snogging lesson is over yet.” 
She felt his arms wrap tightly around her as she kissed him hard, biting his lip. She ran her fingers through his hair and moved her mouth down his neck; an involuntary moan escaped him as she did. She returned to the sensational electricity of his tongue in her mouth.
“Mercy, please, woman,” he whispered, grabbing her arms, “I can’t take anymore.” 
She smiled and climbed off to sit beside him again; his erection was very obvious now. He reached down and grabbed one of the pillows, placing it in his lap. Looking sideways at each other, they began to laugh. He wrapped his arm around her shoulder, kissed her again, and turned his eyes on the television, refocusing his energy. 
She was still reeling at her own conduct; it had been a long time since she was captivated by someone to be so bold. It took a while for her body to finally return to a low simmer, still sensitive to his proximity and his wonderful scent. Caroline put her head on the pillow in his lap and stretched out on the sofa. Within minutes, she was asleep.
She felt herself being lifted up off the sofa and carried. She let out a whimper of protest, not quite awake.
“You’ll be more comfortable in the guest room.” 
Benjamin put her down gently, pulled the covers over her, and closed the door.


7

Caroline awoke slowly, taking a moment to remember where she was. The curtains had been pulled shut on the windows, but plenty of light was still coming in, showing off the cabinetry on the left, accented against the white walls. A small chair sat between the windows at the foot of the bed. On the right was a door leading to the bathroom and another to a closet. 
The bed was comfortable, with soft, satiny sheets. She vaguely remembered being tucked in to bed, and the image left her feeling warm and content. She stretched and got up. It was a pleasant surprise to find a new toothbrush, toothpaste and a hair comb, along with a towel and washcloth, waiting in the bathroom.
She heard movement in the flat a few minutes later and came out. Benjamin was in the kitchen making toast and eggs, and she could smell coffee brewing. He was dressed in faded jeans, a white t-shirt and a wrinkled, un-tucked, dark blue shirt.
“Good morning,” she greeted him.
He smiled and kissed her, “Good morning. I thought I was going to have to wake you with your breakfast,” placing two poached eggs on each plate next to a slice of toast. “Would you get the coffee?” motioning to a cabinet that she found the mugs in.
Caroline brought the coffee to the table and joined him. He was already deep into the daily newspaper, pausing from his reading long enough to take a bite or sip his coffee. She enjoyed the quiet meal, appreciating the simplicity of it and found herself quite content. She wondered how she would feel if she was a fan of Benjamin’s in this same position – would she act differently? She didn’t know. The only thing she knew about Benjamin was his name in Marie’s mementos, John’s stories of growing up together, and the time spent with him; so far, she was enjoying all of it.
Benjamin put down the paper, “I have to return to the studio this evening, but we can do whatever you like until then.”
“What do you normally do on Sunday?” she asked.
He thought for a moment, a bewildered smile on his face, “I don’t know, really. We could drive into the country side for a bit.” They finished breakfast, packed a light lunch, and headed downstairs. 
Benjamin’s driver was off for the day; he explained that he enjoyed driving, but was often distracted by telephone calls, meetings with his agent, reading scripts, and such, and it was just easier to have a driver.  So it was no surprise that Benjamin’s silver 2006 Porsche 911 looked almost new, since it got so little use.
“I bought it after my first big role. I guess I’m a bit attached to it. I just can’t seem to bring myself to get a new car.” Benjamin opened her door, placed the cooler in the back, and helped her in.
“I feel like I’m sitting on the floor,” Caroline joked, “I’m used to my SUV back home.”
“You don’t see very many SUVs here. Not like in the US, anyway.” 
He got in and they headed off.
Benjamin knew his way around the area; he got them on a highway and they headed out. It took a while to get beyond the city and suburbs, before they could see green fields and trees. Caroline enjoyed the scenery, while Benjamin pointed out landmarks as they drove by.
“Do you have a destination in mind?” Caroline asked about an hour into the drive, “I have no idea where we are going.”
“I thought you might like to visit some medieval ruins in Canterbury.”
“Really? The Canterbury Tales Canterbury?”
“You’re excited about it?” he responded, obviously pleased at her reaction.
“I had a professor in college who insisted we read the tales in Chaucerian English and made us recite portions of it properly as part of our grade. I still remember it. I loved it. Yes, that sounds great.”
They found parking near Canterbury Castle. Benjamin grabbed a ball cap he had in the back and put it on. Caroline looked at him in his hat and sunglasses and laughed.
“I don’t think that’s going to work. People are still going to recognize you.”
“You’ll be surprised,” he commented as he took her hand and they headed to the castle.
Caroline expected a ton of tourists to be everywhere on such a beautiful day, but only a few were wandering the grounds.  The walls surrounded by green fields appeared to be made of small brick-shaped, rough-hewn grey stone, crumbled with age yet still magnificent. 
“How old is this place?” she asked, running her hand along the wall. 
“It’s one of the oldest remaining structures in Britain, built almost a thousand years ago.” 
 They wandered around the exterior until they were directed to a set of stairs in one of the towers. The climb led to an open view of the interior of the castle and a view of the city. They came back down and followed a group headed to a building they had seen from above just a short distance away. 
Small sections of St. Mildred’s church pre-dated the castle, but continual care and rebuilding had left it in beautiful condition. They wandered through, admiring the high arched ceiling with its enormous beams, commenting to one another in wonder on how the original builders managed to set them without modern engineering and equipment. The centuries-old glass work and relics caught Caroline’s interest the most.
“Can you read it?” Benjamin asked as she admired a carving.
“It’s been a very long time since I had to, and even then, my textbook used modern letters. I don’t even know what that is – a t? an r? It’s still beautiful.”
 They went outside to walk around the small cemetery; most of the stones were no longer readable, but Caroline could tell they were older than any she had visited on historic tours of Savannah.
On the way to the car to retrieve lunch, Caroline realized Benjamin was right – despite passing by several groups of visitors and even mingling with one, no one recognized him.
“In London, people are looking to spot someone famous because it is London. Here they don’t. If people aren’t expecting to know you, they don’t really look at you,” he explained, “It’s not always like this. It only takes one person. But most people are polite about it.”
They walked hand in hand to a small wooded area outside the castle. A large tree provided respite from the warm sun to spread out the small blanket and eat their packed meal of simple sandwiches and bottled water. As she finished eating, Caroline leaned back against the tree they were under and stretched her legs out. Benjamin placed his head in her lap, looking up at her. She removed his cap, placing it on his chest as she ran her fingers through his hair, smiling down at him, a little shy; it was an intimate and innocent gesture but she felt her face flush.
“Are you enjoying your daytrip out of London?” he asked. He seemed well pleased with himself, and she couldn’t help thinking it was partly because of the redness in her cheeks.
“Yes very much. I’m enjoying the company as well. I wish we could stay longer.”
“Perhaps we can plan another trip next week. I should have more time available then.” He smiled and placed his cap over his eyes; within moments he dozed off.
Caroline continued running her fingers through his hair as she watched people wandering through the relics and the cars driving out of the main city area. She listened to the sound of the birds in the tree above her. It was a perfect moment and she wanted to remember it in vivid sensations - the gentle breeze on her skin, the bark of the tree on her back, the soft curls of his hair in her hand, his quiet breathing as he slept. She willed herself to see the colors and shadows clearly around her, so as not to lose it. So much of her memories of Marie were already starting to grow hazy; she was acutely aware of how rare these moments of complete bliss and contentment are, and she feared not being able to relive it in her mind for a moment that she would need to be reminded that they actually exist.
It was mid-afternoon as they headed back to Soho to drop her off at her flat.  Except for the occasionally discussion of the countryside and other sites they passed by the ride was quiet. She was comfortable, not feeling the need to force conversation. The atmosphere between them was filled with a sense of ease, almost serenity.
“Thank you for spending the day with me,” Benjamin told her as he walked her to her front door, “I haven’t been out of the city for a long time, other than working on location. I forgot how beautiful it can be.”
 Benjamin cradled her face in his hands and kissed her softly. She wrapped her arms around his waist, pulling him closer, as she opened her lips to invite him to kiss her again, deeply. His arms encircled her, his mouth accepting her invitation, as Caroline felt herself respond to him deep inside. She felt anxious wrapped in his arms, the feeling of headiness and desire building up around her. He pressed himself against her tightly; she could feel his body responding to her and it made her all the more discontented.
“You have to go,” she finally pulled away, breathless, reminding him.
“I don’t want to,” he replied, kissing her again. 
They stood embracing for several more moments.
“You’ll be late. I don’t want your director blaming me, since I have unwittingly made him angry at you once already.”
Benjamin rolled his eyes in amusement, placing his forehead against hers as he glided his fingers down the side of her face, “Rejected again, and by the same woman. So why do I keep coming back?”
“It’s my accent,” she said laughing, “You can’t resist my southern drawl.” 
He kissed her once more and headed to his car, promising to call her later in the week. As she climbed the stairs, she realized her first week in London was completed. Only three weeks to go and she would be heading back to Georgia.
Her heart dropped at the thought.
8

Caroline woke up early. She wanted to go running. For the past year she had forced herself to jump on a treadmill a few times each week out of habit, but her heart had not been in it. Today, the thought of movement, of being alive and healthy and enjoying the sunshine was irresistible to her. She grabbed the running clothes she had packed, pulled her hair up in a ponytail, and headed out the door. She turned away from the downtown and toward a small park near the flat. A few other runners were out and she followed their path. The morning chill was still in the air making it perfect for activity. The sun sparkled down through the leaves. She couldn’t help smiling as she breathed in and out on every other step. 
As she ran back to the flat, she caught herself saying, “Hello!” and “Good Morning!” to people she passed by. Everyone returned her greeting, which just made her smile all the more. She felt giddy; part of her felt silly about it and part of her didn’t care.
After her shower and breakfast, the rest of the morning was spent making a list of the places she still wanted to visit, a short grocery list of things she wanted for the flat, and reading the paper she had picked up on the way back. Checking on her roses, she pulled out the few blooms that were starting to wilt and put fresh water in the pitcher for the rest. She took a deep breath, enjoying the essence that had permeated her little flat.
Caroline fired up her computer and emailed a few friends to let them know how her trip was going. She had promised at least a weekly update, but she didn’t give too many details, only saying that the trip was going well.
She decided to venture out somewhere new for lunch and wandered around until she found a fish and chips restaurant on Berwick Street. The waiter insisted that they had the best in the area, which Caroline took as a bold boast for one of the most popular meals in the UK. She ordered the cod. It was piping hot, crisp, sweet and flaky; the chips (what she would have called steak fries at home) were also fresh. She knew better than to ask for ketchup. A little vinegar on them brought back memories of fries on ocean boardwalks as a teenager. The meal came with a side of mushy peas, which was not unappealing, just different to her American taste buds’ expectation.  Perhaps not the healthiest choice, she conceded to herself, but it was fresh and delicious. An older gentleman struck up a conversation with her and Caroline found the encounter very pleasant. He did most of the talking, occasionally asking her what she thought of this or that, but he seemed to enjoy having someone to talk to and she found herself engaged in their conversation well after she had finished her meal. When she finally got up to leave he stood and shook her hand, wishing her a wonderful rest of her holiday.
As she walked back to her flat she started thinking about John and Benjamin. It still wasn’t clear to her whether John’s kiss the other night was something he had thought about doing before or simply a moment of instinct fueled by all the drinking and friendly flirting on the dance floor. She didn’t want to make a big deal of it if it was simply a minor drunken indiscretion - but if it was more… She had to bring it up at some point. She felt no spark in the kiss and, as handsome and friendly as John was, she simply wasn’t attracted to him. She didn’t want to be a cause of contention between two life-long friends, even if it was momentarily.
That last thought was the hardest. How did she become so attached to this place, to these people, so quickly? Especially Benjamin. She wondered if she was simply one of a string of temporary distractions for him; after all, they didn’t seem to have very much in common other than a strong desire for success and a shared love of museums and relics, perhaps – and a physical attraction to one another. Was there more to it? She hadn’t dated in such a long time; she felt unprepared for the emotional and physical responses she had toward him. Over the course of her marriage, she had dealt with several men who made it clear they would like to be more than just friends, but she always upheld her marriage vows, even when it meant years of lackluster sex. She was in a different situation now, free to pursue and be pursued – and possibly being vied for by two different men. Look what you got me into, Marie, she thought to herself, I came here because of you and see the adventure I’m having? She knew Marie would be amused, wanting to know every little detail.
The rest of the evening was spent in the flat. She made a dinner of soup and salad, opened a bottle of wine, and went through her guidebooks planning her next “tourist” day. She was painting her toenails on the sofa when her phone buzzed.

You up? BR

Yes.

Benjamin called back, “I’d rather hear your voice than text. How was your day?”
“Quiet. Got some fish and chips downtown; stayed in mostly. I’m planning my next big tourist trap day. Wanna come along?” she jokingly asked.
“I think you will have more fun without an entourage of paparazzi and fan girls following you around everywhere.” 
Caroline stopped her painting and sat up, smiling, “I still haven’t seen a lot of that.  I’m beginning to think you aren’t all that popular. Perhaps you think you’re a bigger deal that you really are, Mr. Richardson.”
He laughed, “So, if I’m not a big star, I’m back to Mr. Richardson, am I?”
“I only know Benjamin. I don’t know this film star Benjamin Richardson,” she said jokingly, as she resumed her toenails.
The line was quiet; she wondered if she had said something wrong. Benjamin responded, “I think that’s why I like being with you. You only know me. Not my celebrity persona. You don’t expect something I can’t give. I’m real to you.”
Caroline felt flush. She wasn’t sure what to say next. She finally blurted what she had been thinking about earlier, “I need to tell you something. The other night on the way home from the club John kissed me. He was drunk. I don’t know what I should say. I don’t want to get between the two of you.”  There was silence on the other end. She couldn’t believe she had told him; she felt a heavy lump in her chest.
Benjamin paused then responded quietly with an odd question, “Did he hurt you or scare you?”
It took her by surprise, “No! I just wasn’t expecting it. I didn’t know what to do.” There was another moment of silence.
‘Do you like him?” he asked softly.
“He’s just a friend,” Caroline replied, “that’s all I see in him if that’s what you are asking.”
“Good.” She felt a delicious shudder as she realized how relieved he sounded at her response.
“Caroline,” he started hesitantly again, “John is and always will be my friend. But please be careful around him if he is drinking. I was under the impression he was sober. John can be… a different person when he drinks.”
“Ok,” she replied. It was a strange thing to say. Benjamin wasn’t angry or even jealous as she feared he would be, but concerned - about what? He was being vague.
“Promise me you won’t be alone with him again when he’s been drinking.”
“I promise.” He was starting to scare her. They sat in silence for another moment.
“So,” he awkwardly changed the subject, “When is your big day out going to be?”
“I’m thinking tomorrow. I’m going to get up and go for a run then head out to the Tube after rush hour.”
“Well, have a great day. Be careful touring around London alone. I’ll call you tomorrow after we finish for the day.”
“Good night Benjamin.”
“Good night Caroline.”


9

After a night of tossing and turning with Benjamin’s phone call rumbling through her head, Caroline’s run was miserable; along with being a chilly morning, she ended up in a rainstorm halfway out and returned soaked to the flat. She stripped down at the door and jumped in a hot shower as fast as she could. 
She got out of the shower and dressed in jeans, sneakers, and a t-shirt. As she dried her hair, she thought about throwing her plans for the day out the window when her phone rang. It was John.
“Hello! How is my favorite American beauty this morning?” His energetic voice resonated through the line.
Caroline responded, “Not so great. Just got soaked in the rain. I’m debating whether to go ahead with my plans for sightseeing. How about you?”
“I’ve taken a day off and was looking for something to do. Would you like some company on your travels?”
She hesitated for a moment. Despite Benjamin’s concerns, she did enjoy John’s company. And they weren’t going to be at a bar – they would be playing tourists and completely sober.
“That sounds great. Do you want to meet me outside the Tube station by my flat?”
They finished making arrangements to meet and hung up. The guidebook she was using was in her phone; if anything got weird, she would have her phone to call for help. But John was, well, John; the first person she had officially met in Soho, the most positive and friendly individual she had ever known, and the one who had introduced her to all of her other new friends, especially Benjamin. 
They both arrived in jeans and t-shirts, carrying jackets and umbrellas. They maneuvered through the station to get on the right platform for the District line. She showed him where she had booked tickets for a walking tour at two-thirty and talked about exploring the area near the tour office and grabbing lunch until then.
“Sounds like you’ve got everything planned out.” John replied.
Caroline replied, “I spent most of yesterday deciding what else I really wanted to get to see and do. I don’t want to get to the end of the month and miss something.” 
John smiled, “I think it’s going to be a great day. Even I haven’t seen all of London and I’ve lived here my entire life.”
They arrived at the Mansion House station and made their way to the street. After looking over their options, John and Caroline opted to head to St. Paul’s Cathedral, about a four minute walk. The exterior was too huge to take in all at once, but it reminded her a little of the Capital building in Washington, DC; perhaps that was on purpose? She didn’t really know. 
“I remember visiting the cathedral once as a boy,” John told her as they approached, “but I don’t remember much.”
They were just in time for one of the guided tours. Caroline was overwhelmed with the sheer beauty and opulence of the interior. She got dizzy staring at the ornate ceilings alone. The tour guide described in detail the various stages of history the cathedral had experienced and how it affected the surrounding city. 
They stepped out after finishing the tour and decided to find some lunch. 
“Do you think we could get in to Mason’s?” Caroline asked him, “I read it has gorgeous views of the city.”
They started walking while John called in a reservation. The restaurant was located on the terrace rooftop of Number One, a beautiful modern building of glass and steel housing a variety of offices, shopping and restaurants facing the cathedral. Caroline felt underdressed for the surroundings, seeing the variety of high end shops and stylishly dressed clientele wandering through.
“It’s all in the attitude, darling. Believe that you belong, stand tall, and smile.” John’s advice seemed simple enough. She put her shoulders back, smiled, and followed John through to the elevators and up to the restaurant.
The views from Mason’s were everything they promised and the décor modern and fashionable, arranged to take full advantage of the floor-to ceiling windows and open terrace. They enjoyed a very casual lunch with John telling more stories of his childhood and making Caroline laugh so much they began to get glances from surrounding tables. Not once did the kiss from the other night come up. It was simply two friends spending time together; no tension or implication of more came from John.
Walking back to Mansion House station took about 15 minutes as the streets had filled. The hidden city tour was scheduled to meet at their main office close to the station, and would take about two hours. Caroline had selected it for its promise of getting to see many of the lesser known areas of the city dating as far back as medieval times, as well as a few ties to Shakespeare and Dickens. 
The rain came about an hour into the tour; since the policy was rain or shine, the group put on their jackets and opened their umbrellas and continued on. John seemed a bit bored, but Caroline ate up every detail. She was amazed and excited about each site they stopped at, and took plenty of photos along the way.
The tour ended near the Barbican Tube station. Caroline and John headed into the station and back to Soho before the heaviest of the rush hour crowds descended on them. By the time they arrived at their final station the rain had stopped and the sun was peeking out over the early evening.
“Do you want to get a bite on the way back to your flat?” John asked. It was almost six, so they stopped off at a Lebanese eatery located in a small court off of Brewer Street. They sat at a tiny wood table for two and shared a couple of dishes that John recommended. The flavors were unusual to Caroline with seasonings she had never tasted before but, as usual, she enjoyed every bite.
“I better visit the restaurant, just to make sure everything is going well,” John brought up as they ate.
Caroline offered, “We can do that after we eat. I’m in no hurry to be anywhere.” 
They walked to his restaurant and checked in. The service was full, but everything seemed to be going well, so John told the host he would be back in an hour. They walked on to her flat. She noticed that with the streets quiet John didn’t try to take her hand. He was just as friendly and polite as he had always been, completely at ease, the kiss apparently forgotten or not something he wished to review. She felt relieved; it was simply a drunken moment that would otherwise never have happened.
They arrived at her flat and she pulled out her key.
“So, what are you going to do with the rest of your evening,” John asked.
Caroline shrugged, “Probably watch TV and plan my next big adventure day,” she smiled.
“Well, I hope you plan to join us again this Friday. You looked like you had a good time last week.” He smiled nonchalantly, his hands in his jacket pockets.
She wasn’t sure how to respond. She did have a lot of fun going out, but Benjamin’s words were running through her head. She could work around not being alone with John; she could catch a taxi home if needed.
“It sounds great. I’ll be looking forward to it.” She unlocked the door, waiving good night to him.

Her phone buzzed around ten thirty.

You up? BR

Yes.

It rang. Benjamin’s voice sounded tired. He had just gotten home from a ten-hour day.
“How was your sight-seeing?” he asked.
“We had a lot of fun. John went with me.”
Benjamin perked up a bit, “And how did that work out?”
“I think he was bored. He didn’t seem as inspired as I was.”
“Well, history and relics were never of great interest to John. He’s more interested in his business and the latest news of the world,” he paused before asking, “Have you told John about us yet?”
Caroline answered him circumspectly, “No. I’m not sure how to approach it. Based on today, I don’t think he’ll be upset; he acted like nothing happened. The kiss Friday was just too much to drink.”
“Perhaps I should tell him,” Benjamin offered.
“Tell him what?” she asked.
“About us,” he replied.
“What about us?” she asked again. She wanted to know exactly what that meant.
“That we’ve been spending time together.”
“Oh,” she responded nonchalantly.
He sounded unsure of her response, “That I, that we, are seeing each other.”
“Oh,” she responded again, trying not to smile. This was fun.
“What would you call it then?” He sounded both exasperated and amused by her response.
A giggle escaped her as she replied, “I guess that description will have to do.”
He resolved, “I will call him tomorrow and talk to him about it. If that is alright with you?”
“I think that would be appropriate,” she responded in jest.
He sighed, “You are very frustrating, and I am very tired. Can I see you tomorrow evening?” Benjamin asked.
“I’ll have to check my appointment book to see if I have an opening,” she replied.
He laughed in defeat, “Well, if you can fit me it, I would love to see you. I’ll call you tomorrow then?” 
Caroline loved the way she felt after hearing his voice, even weary-worn over the phone. She went to bed early. Wednesday couldn’t come fast enough.


10

Caroline went for her run early, making the most of the unusually warm morning, taking the same route from her first days. She enjoyed the new signs of familiarity, recognizing not only the buildings and sites as she ran but a few of the other runners as well. 
After her shower and breakfast, she ventured out, taking on some new streets. She had a destination in mind this time, different from her other Soho wanderings – the long-standing, third-generation owned Italian coffee bar on Frith Street. It was one of the first coffee bars in London, and Caroline’s love of nostalgia and coffee required a trip to the landmark establishment. She knew she was not a connoisseur of coffee, but she figured if she wanted to know what a truly authentic Italian brew should be, this was as close as she was going to get.
She got there around ten. Although the tables outside were full, she saw a few seats inside, across from the counter. The long, narrow space sent her back in time, the décor reminiscent of the fifties. On the counter’s wall were shelves of various coffee and service ware as well as a large framed poster of a boxing champ. Mirrors and framed photographs of happy customers hung on the seating walls. The counter was committed to a large, forty-year old coffee machine at one end, and a food service area at the far end. By the entry was a push-button cash register that looked original.
She greeted the young man in a white collar shirt and tie and black waist apron, “Hi there! I understand this is the place to learn what a real cup of coffee should taste like.”
He smiled, “You are definitely in the right place. What would you like?”
“I want your recommendation. I know I tend to prefer a little cream in my coffee, but that’s because it is so bitter without it. So, teach me what it should really taste like.”
The barista took on the challenge. He started her off with a cappuccino, explaining as he went what each step in the proper process of creating it was and why their product would taste better than any she had before. As a business owner she appreciated how much he believed in his product. And he was right – there was no bitterness, just smooth, delicious warmth. She enjoyed coffee at home, but this – this was an experience in itself.
“Are you ready for an espresso?” he called from the counter as she finished her cup at a table.
“I don’t know. Will I get the shakes from all the caffeine?” she replied with a smile.
“Go for a long walk after. I think you will like it. You need to experience a true Italian espresso.” He was a good salesman. Again, she went up to the counter as he walked through the process, explaining in detail what made a truly great shot of espresso, “You’ve already had espresso, in your cappuccino; the pure product, however, will taste much different.”
The tiny cup of dark amber let off a wonderful aroma. Even without milk, it had a creamy texture as she sipped it. 
“This is heavenly. Thank you so much,” she generously offered.
“I am glad you like it,” he replied as he kept moving to serve the next customer.
An older gentleman in a jacket and cap asked if he could share her table. As soon as he realized she was from America he was ready to engage in conversation, feeling it his duty to share insights on life in London. She sipped her tiny cup, feeling the buzz of more caffeine than her body was used to. She ended up spending the rest of the morning with her friendly table mate.
Caroline decided to follow the guide on her phone to Soho Square. The small park gave her plenty of room to walk off her caffeine high as she explored.  The square was encircled mostly with historic manors and office buildings, with a few shops and restaurants in between. A large church building joined it as well. After circling the area a few times, taking photos, she turned down Frith Street again and headed home.
Her phone buzzed about halfway there. It was Benjamin.
“Hello there!” she answered, picking up her pace a little.
“Hello! It sounds like you are out and about.”
“I was just headed to my flat. You aren’t there waiting on me, are you?”
“Oh, no, I was just letting you know that I should be home soon. Do you want to have dinner?” Benjamin asked.
“I did pencil in the entire evening for you,” she responded. He laughed.
“Shall I pick you up around six then? Or is that too early?” 
Too early? she thought, I wish you were already here. They agreed on the time and she continued her walk home to spend the afternoon cleaning up and getting ready for dinner. 
A new dozen red roses arrived earlier that afternoon, with a note: Thought you might be ready for new roses. Looking forward to tonight. The fresh ones replaced the others which to Caroline thought still looked fresh in her opinion – but who is going to argue with a man for sending roses once a week? She grinned, feeling slightly foolish at how excited she was to be seeing him again and how she hoped the evening would end.
She decided to wear the other black dress, with heels and her hair down tonight. It was not as flattering as the one she wore to the birthday party, but it made her feel confident and attractive. Benjamin and his driver arrived promptly at six. She greeted him at the door; he was dressed in a black suit and tie that flattered his lean figure. He kissed her sweetly as they met.
“You smell great,” she sighed, smiling as they walked to the car.
“Why thank you,” he laughed, “I was thinking the same of you.”
As they got in the car, he let her know, “I made reservations at a private club, which means no worries about photographers, or people with phones tweeting out what we’re eating or drinking. I hope that is alright.” 
She grinned smugly; Benjamin’s habit of asking if the plans he made were acceptable was funny to her. She was certain that if she actually said they were not, he would drop everything to change them to her liking.  So far, he had done extraordinarily well in his selections so she had no doubt this one would work out perfectly.
“I’m sure it will be wonderful. You haven’t disappointed me yet,” Caroline replied, smiling and running her fingers through his hair in the back seat of the sedan. He closed his eyes, a smile crossing his face. 
The club in Soho was a beautiful 3-story building. It encompassed not only a restaurant, but a separate bar and nightclub, a lounge, and a rooftop terrace. Caroline recognized several celebrities, trying not to stare at them; it was strange to know someone’s face so well without actually knowing the person. In the dining room they enjoyed a three-course dinner with several people saying hello to Benjamin as they took their own seats. He stood up, shook hands, and introduced Caroline to each person that greeted their table.
After dinner they moved to the lounge level for drinks; deep seated leather sofas and chairs adorned the room surrounding the full bar. Matthew and Rebecca came in as they sunk down into one of the plush sofas, and Benjamin invited them to join in for a drink. Matthew took a seat across from them and started up a conversation with Benjamin about a new film he was producing, while Rebecca sat in the chair beside Caroline, asking her how she was enjoying her trip to London. It was pleasant conversation. Rebecca had a sharp wit about her that was unexpected; Caroline felt bad about assuming she was only a pretty face. She also noticed that Matthew kept his eyes off of her cleavage, perhaps out of respect for Benjamin.
The lounge was starting to get crowded as dinner guests both finished the early service and others arrived for late service. Caroline watched as Benjamin graciously greeted the many people who came up to him, some introducing themselves and others who were already acquaintances or friends.  She chuckled as he tried to start another conversation with her only to be interrupted again; he shrugged apologetically as she raised her glass to him and waved him off to talk. She was enjoying getting to know a new couple that were friends with Matthew and Rebecca; they were loquacious which left her able to sit quietly and listen, sipping her wine and watching Benjamin in between polite laughter at their stories. It was obvious that he was beginning to weary of the crowd, his responses less and less spirited. Walking back from the restroom she watched him get cornered by an older gentleman at the bar. After almost half an hour she decided it was time to take pity on him and give him an escape route. 
“Benjamin, there you are,” she put herself between the two, looking up at Benjamin, “I have a terrible headache, can you take me home?” She winked at him, before turning to apologize for the interruption.
“Please excuse us; I need to get the lady home. It’s been a pleasure seeing you again,” he said, shaking hands with the gentleman and leading her by the elbow to the elevator doors.
“Thank you for saving me,” he offered, “I am sorry about tonight.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for. I am having a wonderful time,” she smiled at him, “It’s not every day I get to be a celebrity’s hero.”
He laughed, “And tonight, you certainly are. I thought I was going to pass out from boredom right in front of the bar. That would make quite a headline.”
They entered the elevator, leaving behind the crowd. It was just the two of them; Caroline felt a tingle go down her spine as he gently ran his hand down her back. She caught her breath as they arrived at the garage level and walked out to the waiting car. They drove through Soho with Benjamin’s fingers interlaced with hers.  It was past ten and the streets were quiet, not what Caroline remembered from the weekend. 
Other than the occasional comment about dinner they rode along quietly. Caroline was too distracted to carry on a conversation; she was thinking about what to do, what to say, when they arrived at her flat. All too soon they were at her door. He helped her out of the car and walked her to the front door. As he went to kiss her Caroline took a deep breath and put her hand on his chest. 
“You can come up if you want to,” she said with bated breath, wide eyed, trying not to sound nervous.
She waited as he looked at her, reading her expression. He turned and went back to the car, leaned in the front passenger window, and let his driver know he was to take the rest of the night off. She breathed, smiling as he walked back to her. Unlocking the front door, she led him up the stairs to her flat. She opened the door and was greeted by the scent of roses as she walked in and placed her purse on the couch and turned on a small lamp. Benjamin walked in and stood near the center of the room.
“Would you like the full tour?” she asked in a professional manner, lacing her fingers together in front of her.
He replied with a smile, rubbing his chin with his hand, “Of course!”
She went back to the door to start, laughing as she walked a circle around the walls of the tiny flat, making huge flourishes with her arms, “In here is the top-of-the line designer bathroom, the picture of ergonomic efficiency. As you can see, the next room is the gourmet-style kitchen, attached to the expansive dining room. Following around from the entertainment center, you have the office, stylishly decorated with fresh flowers and overlooking a wonderful street-view. And as you come around, this leads you to the luxurious living area.” She ended up in front of the sofa, feeling more at ease now.
Benjamin stood by the kitchen, very amused, “I suppose that is also your bedroom.”
“Oh, no, Mr. Richardson, this is a deluxe flat. The bedroom is up the stairs.” She walked to the small ladder in the corner leading to the loft area where her bed, dresser, and tiny closet overlooked the rest of the flat. 
He moved back to the center of the room to take in the entire view, obviously entertained by the tour, “I’m impressed with the efficiency, but My God, can you even stand up there?”
“The roofline is a little short,” she agreed.
“How do you change clothes?” he laughed. 
She was quiet for a moment as the atmosphere between them shifted. Her heart was beginning to beat hard against her chest with both apprehension and ardor and she felt her face growing warm. He was watching her now; his eyes seemed to shine in the room, dark except for the small lamp. I want this, she told herself, I really want this to happen tonight.
“Like this.” Caroline stood at the bottom of the stairs, not taking her eyes off Benjamin as she unzipped her dress. She slid it off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor, revealing her black lace bra and panties. After slipping each shoe off, she slowly climbed the stairs to the bed and lay on her side, looking down at him from between the ledge slats, as he stood transfixed in the middle of her flat. Caroline lay there nervously. She wasn’t used to being the seducer and was unsure of herself. The next move was up to him.
Benjamin stood still, watching her; it seemed like seconds turned into minutes.  She caught her breath as he began taking his tie off, placing it across the back of a dinette chair then placing his jacket over it. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt, folding it on the other chair and slipping his t-shirt over his head and onto the table. His skin was pale, his chest and arms slender, but the definition of his muscular frame proved he was not overtly thin; he was well built and fine to Caroline’s eyes. As he continued to remove his clothes down to his black boxers, he kept his eyes on hers. Finally he made the trip up the stairs.
 Caroline rolled onto her back as he climbed into the bed. He placed his left hand under her head, just as he had on the sofa at his flat, and began running his fingertips along her arm. He looked into her eyes and down her body. 
Benjamin whispered, “Tell me what to do.” It made her shiver uncontrollably.
“Kiss me,” she responded back. She was already breathing hard, as her body anticipated what was to come.
He leaned over and kissed her, first tenderly, then passionately. His tongue invaded her mouth and her heart raced, as she reciprocated, tasting his mouth on hers. It made her feel lightheaded. He began to move his hand over her body, touching her only with his fingertips, as he moved down her shoulder, her arm, her abdomen, her thigh, and back again. His light kisses moved down her neck, following along her shoulder to the path between her breasts. 
“I want to please you, Caroline. Tell me what you like,” he whispered, asking again. 
Caroline had never been asked what she wanted. She felt self-conscious, perplexed at what to do and overwhelmed with carnal fervor. She reached around to unclasp her bra and he helped her remove it. He kissed her again; she moaned as he touched her breast with the same fingertip touch, and tilted her head as he traced his mouth back down her neck toward its previous path, kissing and nipping at her, finally stopping to encapsulate her nipple between his lips, caressing it with his tongue. Caroline moaned again, breathing harder; his mouth on her made her clench deep inside. She was shivering again; every nerve ending in her skin was responding to Benjamin’s touch.
He kissed her on the mouth again, fondling her other nipple with his free hand, still holding the back of her head and neck with the other. His hand moved down her body and along her hip; he slid his finger under the side of her panties, waiting there. She lifted her hips and helped wriggle out of them.
He caressed her abdomen before sliding his hand down toward her legs, toward her sex. She was already moving to him, feeling her body wanting to arch and meet him there. He stopped and slowly, gently, grabbed her hand, bringing it under his.
He whispered in her ear, “Show me what to do for you.”
He gently maneuvered her hand between her legs, waiting to follow her lead. Caroline had never touched herself in the presence of another but she wanted him desperately now and so she showed him what to do, too hungry for his touch to be embarrassed about it. She felt his hand following her every movement, his fingers on top of hers, until she switched their positions and began leading his. A deep groan escaped from Benjamin’s throat. She began to arch her back, as her body became more and more engaged in what was happening. She led his hand further downward; he plunged two of his fingers inside of her, and she gasping as he moved them in and out of her. She could hear his rapid breathing in her ear.
As he continued igniting her, she slid her hand down his body and to his boxers, putting her hand inside, wrapping her fingers around his erection and sliding her hand up and down. She was so close now, his hand moving rapidly, her body clenching with deep pleasure. A groan escaped him, and the sound of his pleasure pushed her over the top. She gave up control of her body, arching and crying out, over and over, as wave after wave crashed on her.
Still reeling in her ecstasy, Caroline kissed Benjamin hard, whispering, “I want you inside me.”
He quickly maneuvered his boxers off. She wrapped her legs around him as he got on top of her, holding onto his sides. As he thrust into her, Caroline moaned in pleasure. She was overwhelmed with sensations, sensitive from her climax as he moved in and out of her over and over. He finally cried out, thrusting twice more hard into her, as his body trembled with hers. He collapsed on her, breathing fast, still inside her. They lay there for several minutes with arms wrapped around each other, as their hearts calmed and breathing steadied again.
He raised his head and kissed her, “When you came I couldn’t control myself. That’s why I didn’t last very long. It will be better next time.”
She smiled, “That was some of the best sex I’ve ever had and you are apologizing for it!” They began to laugh. He kissed her again and climbed down the stairs to the bathroom. She lay on her back. Her body was still tingling.
He returned, climbed under the covers with her, and wrapped her in his arms. Caroline’s thoughts raced to remember a moment when she felt this physically satisfied. She couldn’t. She relaxed and fell asleep.


11

Caroline awoke in the middle of the night, her body hungry for more. Benjamin was asleep on his back, breathing deeply. She hesitated for a moment as she watched him sleep, a little in awe that he was actually there, relishing his warmth. She moved her hand between his legs and began fondling him. He moaned as he awoke, turning his head toward her and opening his eyes. She leaned over and kissed him; he rolled over on his side, slipping his hand between her legs. Within moments he was fully aroused.  She climbed up to straddle him, gently sliding him inside of her.
She sat there for a moment, her hair flowing down her back and shoulders, enjoying the feeling of having him intimately before grabbing his hands and putting them on her hips.
“Show me what to do for you,” she panted to him.
He smiled and watched her as his hands guided her movements. She placed her hands on his abdomen, watching as his eyes grew dark, his lips parted; she smiled, pleased at his pleasure and filled with her own. After a few minutes, both of their breathing intensified. He took her hands in his and placed them on her breasts, then went back to the gentle guidance of her hips. Caroline pulled and twisted her nipples as he watched, something else she had never done, but the look of desire in his eyes outweighed the brief feeling of awkwardness she felt. His pleasure was a potent elixir to her at the moment. 
She could feel her body responding, becoming taut and wound, as they moved together. He began guiding her higher and bringing her down harder, meeting her thrust for thrust, as he slid one hand around from her hip to her clitoris, stimulating her as she continued. She began to arch and pant, moving faster against him, until she felt her body exploding around her, around him, and she cried out. She watched as he closed his eyes and tilted his head upward, pulling her hard against him as he came. As he opened his eyes again on her, his body lightly perspiring, his breathing heavy, she suddenly felt profoundly powerful.  She had done this, brought him this wonderful pleasure. She leaned forward and kissed him, wrapping her arms around his head.
“You are beautiful from this vantage point,” Benjamin smiled as he spoke.
“Thank you. You’re not so bad yourself, on your back, naked,” she replied back, laughing. She rolled off and beside him again. As Caroline fell asleep, she felt his fingers running through her hair.

She awoke curled on her side, alone, overlooking the roses as the early morning sunlight highlighted the pitcher holding them. She could hear the shower running. Caroline smiled as she remembered her night, scrambling down the stairs. She grabbed her robe off the hook by the bottom of the stairs to tie around her and went to the kitchen to plug in the hot water kettle. 
“Good morning,” she called out as she stood in the doorway of the bathroom.
Benjamin popped his head out of the shower curtain, smiling back at her, “Good morning.” 
Stepping in to reach for a kiss, she shrieked playfully as he pulled her into the shower and wrapped his arms around her. He kissed her as the hot water poured over them. He smelled of her lilac shampoo and soap; she couldn’t help thinking how gorgeous he was soaking wet.
“There’s no room for two in this shower,” she chided, trying not to laugh.
“I think it’s working pretty well for us.” 
He untied her robe and let the sopping fabric fall to the tile as he began to run his hands over her body, kissing her neck.
Caroline grabbed his hands in mock protest, laughing, “I put the kettle on already. I just came to see if you wanted some breakfast.”
“I am trying to have breakfast,” he growled through a smile as he kissed her neck and shoulder.
She let his hands travel her body again, as hers did the same to his. A few seconds later, the whistle on the kettle began to blow. He rolled his eyes in mock indignation and let her get out of the shower. She grabbed a towel, patting herself down quickly then wrapping it around her body, as she headed quickly to the kitchen. She made toast and tea as he dried off, coming out with a towel wrapped around his waist. He came behind her and put his arms around her waist; she leaned her head back against his shoulder. They stood there quietly for a moment.
“I have to go to work,” he said petulantly.
“I know,” she replied quietly, turning her head to kiss his chin.
“I would rather stay here, with you.” 
“I know.”
 She kissed him and handed him a cup of tea. He began to get dressed, collecting his clothes from where he laid them down the night before. Caroline climbed the stairs with her cup, retrieving his boxers and tossing them down to him. She sat at the top of the loft and watched him dress, still wrapped in her towel as she sipped her tea.
He put on his coat jacket and placed the tie in the pocket. The front door bell rang.
“That will be George - my driver.” 
She walked down the stairs to him. He grabbed her, kissing her longingly, making her wish even more that he could stay and continue what had started in the shower.
“I’ll call you tonight,” he whispered.
She stood in the middle of the flat as he walked out the door and down to the car.  She watched out the window until the car pulled away before jumping in the shower.

Caroline sat drinking her tea, revisiting the night’s events in her mind, and watching news for most of the morning, before finally forcing herself to get moving. She took the sheets and towels down to the laundry area and started the washer, then came back up and fixed her hair and put on some makeup. She surveyed the refrigerator and cabinets, making a short list of odds and ends she wanted to pick up from the grocer, and changed out of an oversized shirt and yoga pants into more street appropriate jeans, blouse, and a light jacket. Rotating the load to the dryer, she headed out for the five minute walk to the store. 
She was distracted most of the day, reliving the night over and over in her head. It made her smile uncontrollably as she wandered through the store. She was glad she made a written list. She caught herself lingering in the canned goods area for several minutes unable to focus. When she realized what she was doing, Caroline had to keep from laughing out loud and drawing attention to herself.
She finally finished shopping and headed back to the flat. As she turned down the final block, her phone went off with a call.
“Hello Caroline,” John’s chipper voice came across the line.
“Hi John, how are you?” She couldn’t help smiling at how positive and upbeat he always was.
“Wonderful, wonderful. I was calling to see if you were going to join our rowdy crew for another adventure in clubbing tomorrow.”
“Oh, wow, it’s already been a week? This trip is flying by me already,” she responded. She suddenly realized that Benjamin had not mentioned to her if he had spoken to John.
“Please, please come. You had so much fun, and everybody loves you!” John pleaded good naturedly. 
“I will have to let you know for sure tomorrow but I think I can.” Caroline’s only hesitancy was Benjamin’s concern about John’s drinking, and what plans he may come up with for the two of them for the weekend. She wasn’t comfortable telling John any of that – and she definitely wanted to see Benjamin again soon.
“Well, then, I will call you tomorrow afternoon. Have a great day, hope to see you tomorrow.” John’s cheerful demeanor made Benjamin’s worries about him seem almost laughable. Perhaps the heart of it really was simple rivalry of her affections, and he didn’t need to worry about that. 
Benjamin called as he promised, around nine that night. His voice alone warmed her body. They updated each other on the events of their day.
“You keep invading my thoughts,” he confessed after a few moments.
“Good, I would hate to think I was the only one having that problem,” she said with a smile.
“We are going on location tomorrow. I will be back to London very late. Do you want me to call you?”
“Yes; I like to hear your voice,” she admitted, shyly, adding, “I will probably be up anyway. I’ve been invited to another club tomorrow with John and his friends,” she told him. He was silent on the other end. 
“Did you ever call John and talk to him about us?” she asked.
“Yes. I talked to him Wednesday morning. He knows we are seeing each other.” There was another uncomfortable pause.
“Benjamin, I will be careful. I will take a taxi home, alone. The rest of the night we will be in a crowded nightclub. Please don’t worry about it.”
Benjamin finally spoke up, “I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“This is John we’re talking about. I’m having a hard time taking your concerns seriously. Is there something you’re not telling me? Because,” she paused, “because if you’re worried about you and me, I think it’s pretty clear how I feel about you.”
“Is it now?” Benjamin replied. His voice was soft and low.
Caroline replied in a quiet voice, hesitantly, “Last night was - It was a big decision for me. I haven’t been with anyone since my husband died.” That was too honest, she thought, too much. She silently cursed at herself for it. But it was the truth.
Benjamin was quiet on the other end of the line, finally speaking, “I’m not worried about you and me. I want you to have a good time tomorrow. Take the taxi. I’ll talk to you when you get home. Goodnight, Caroline.”
“Good night.” 
She hung up, uncertain of what his response meant. It left her restless, tossing and turning as she tried to sleep.

12

The streets seemed busier than usual as she ran that morning. She jogged to the closest park before putting her headphones on, blasting music, and running as hard and as far as she could. Caroline tried to focus on the music, the park, the weather, anything besides this feeling of dread that wouldn’t leave her alone. This roller coaster of emotional highs and lows was too much. The phone call last night left her unsure of how Benjamin felt. Was she just an amusement for the month? Part of her was sure she was more than that. But then her thoughts would violently swing the other way - he was a celebrity,  he could have a different woman every night - maybe he did. How would she know any better? Oh God, she thought to herself, what have I gotten myself into?
Much of this second-guessing was her own fault for getting out of bed and watching late night TV.  It turned out that Benjamin was very famous. Entertainment news on more than one channel featured highlights of the current show he was filming. Another station ran footage of his interview for a film he completed work on late last year. A movie he co-starred in from several years ago was running. She watched the last half of it, captivated with this side of him that the world knew and she did not. He was good, very good. Caroline felt out of her league, her confidence shaken.
She finally had to stop running. She was dizzy and unable to catch her breath. She knelt down with her elbows on her knees, her head between her hands. She felt tears rise up; they burned now, mixed with the sweat flowing down her face. She slowed her breathing down, got up, and began to walk until her heart rate came back down. She switched to a slow jog and returned back to the flat.
After her shower, she got herself together and walked to Fox & Burl for coffee and a scone. She found a seat outside and sat in the sun; it was a bit warm out, but not unbearable, not nearly what she was used to in Georgia. Her home weather report showed heat advisories running – and summer hadn’t officially started yet. She pulled out her phone and proceeded to catch up on emails to friends and family. She took a picture of the window of the café, and sent that along as well. She still had not mentioned Benjamin to anyone back home. She wasn’t sure why.
She decided to travel back to Carnaby Street and shop for an outfit for that night. She had worn the only thing she had for a nightclub atmosphere last week. The challenge wouldn’t be in finding something, but in being able to choose. The selection seemed endless. Caroline walked through a few stores before actually selecting some items to try on. She wanted to look good but she had no desire to look like she was trying to be twenty-something.
After several tries and no success she wandered into the next store. She noticed a handsome blond gentleman dressed in a stylish bohemian outfit; as he greeted people with a gleaming smile, he practically glided through the aisles with grace and confidence. She smiled at him as he greeted her and asked if she needed any help; she told him what she was looking for.
“Spin around for me, darling. Again. Oh yes, I can work with this. You will look amazing tonight,” he exclaimed at her.
He was grinning with enthusiasm as if she were a runway model he was about to prepare for fashion week. He wrapped her arm around his and led her to a changing room where she stripped off her outer clothing as he proceeded to bring her whole outfits, each one trendy without looking inappropriate for her age. She finally settled on a pair of black jeans and heeled boots, a dark green silk tank that highlighted her eyes, and a sheer button-down top that trailed long in the back.
The shopping trip took longer than she planned; she sat down to eat some interesting-looking street food when John called.
“Hello beautiful! How is your day?”
“Hey there! I just finished picking up a new outfit for tonight,” she let him know.
John sounded delighted, “Fantastic. Do you want to grab dinner before we go party the night away?”
“Sure. Do you want me to meet you at the restaurant like last time?”
“How about eight?”
“See you then,” she closed out. The street food was delicious. She had a great night planned, a great new outfit, and a great meal in front of her. If only I felt this positive about Benjamin, she thought, as I do everything else right now. She pushed the sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach out of her mind. She was going to have fun tonight and not worry about Benjamin. She could deal with that issue tomorrow.

She arrived at the restaurant in her new outfit to a warm reception from John that had her grinning from ear to ear.
“Wow!” he exclaimed, making her turn around for him, “You are a stunner! I may have to play bodyguard tonight.” 
He was dressed in a crisp blue collar shirt, dress pants and a leather jacket. He pulled her chair out for her before sitting down.
 “Have you had any more sight-seeing adventures?”
“I’ve been exploring Soho mostly,” Caroline told him, her enthusiasm rising to match his, “that’s an adventure in itself.”
He laughed, “I definitely agree with that.” 
John opened up a bottle of wine and poured them each a glass. Caroline pushed back the annoying and fleeting thought of Benjamin’s concerns. They enjoyed their meal as John entertained her with stories of the more interesting characters he had met in Soho through the years. By the time they were finished it was almost ten.
They headed out the door, the streets just as crowded as the previous week, with partying tourists, students and others looking forward to their weekend. John again grabbed her hand and maneuvered through the throngs of people like a pro.
“You are really going to love tonight. Anyone visiting Soho needs to go to this place at least once,” John winked as he said it, “The rest of the crew is already there, they went for the early entertainment. We’ll be arriving in time for the DJ to start.” Caroline remembered the name of the place popping up often when she researched Soho for the trip, but she hadn’t really paid attention to it.
The line was trailing out the door and at least a block down the sidewalk when they arrived. Again, John went up to the doorman, greeted him with his great big smile (and some cash), and talked like they had been friends for years. They were immediately ushered into the packed house.
Caroline took a moment for her eyes to adjust. Her first impression was of a lot of red; Art deco; the smell of what - Leather maybe? and an extremely varied and interesting clientele. John knew where they were headed and guided her through and up a set of stairs. The ruby satin lining the ceiling caught her eye. The whole place felt hedonistic and sexy. They found Cecelia and Daniel at a VIP table, along with a crowd of others. John disappeared as soon as he had her seated beside Cecelia. Caroline recognized two or three from the other night and Cecelia and Daniel introduced her to the rest. 
“How’s your holiday so far?” Daniel asked. The music was loud and they had to shout at each other.
“Great! I’ve gotten quite a bit of sight-seeing done,” Caroline responded.
“John said he went with you the other day.”
“Yes. We had a lot of fun, or at least I did.”
John returned with drinks for the two of them; nothing with strange fruit in it this time. She took a sip; it tasted like a whiskey sour, a strong one, which she hadn’t had in years but liked. By the time she was halfway through her drink, Daniel was urging her to join him on the dance floor. The DJ was playing funk and soul, groove and R&B classics. Caroline and Daniel danced until she had to take a break. She returned to her drink and a new one waiting. She was suddenly glad she had eaten a heavy meal at dinner. Between the wine and the drinks she was going to need something in her stomach to slow down the alcohol. 
She sat and joined in the conversation at the table, listening as Cecelia and John tried to out-tell each other’s stories of interesting encounters with clients and customers as the rest of the table roared with laughter. John had three empty glasses sitting in front of him at this point. He was leaning against a pretty brunette seated beside him, with his arm across her lower back. Caroline watched the glances between them. She felt safe that if John had any interest in her before his talk with Benjamin had changed things and he was turning his affection elsewhere.
She finished her second drink and was grabbed up to dance again with a group from the table. The music was not what she normally listened to but she enjoyed it, especially the dance lessons by several others on the floor.
By the time she returned to the table, another drink was waiting for her. She took it slow, sucking on the ice cubes. These are really strong, she thought, I need to watch it, I don’t want a repeat of last weekend. She got up and asked a server for some water, standing against a wall and sipping the glass she was brought. After finishing the water, she decided it was enough for the evening.
John came sauntering over with glassy eyes, his hands in his trouser pockets, “Are you having a good time?”
She smiled, “Yes, I am. But I think I’m about done for the night.” 
“Already?” he pouted, a strange, unfamiliar smile on his face, “You should have another drink with me.”
She pulled out her phone to check the time; it was almost midnight. “I know it’s still early, but I’ve had a busy week. I’m going to say good night and get a taxi.” 
He walked with her back to the table as she said her farewells to everyone. They begged her to stay a little longer but she politely declined. As she turned around to say goodbye to John, she saw him leaning over the brunette. They both stood up and walked over to her.
“We’re ready to go too. Why don’t we share a taxi?” John suggested. 
That same strange smile was on his face. Caroline felt uneasy at the suggestion, but she pushed it down.
“Sounds good to me,” she agreed with a smile.
The three of them walked together down the stairs and out to the street. Several taxis were waiting for fares and they were on their way immediately.
“Caroline, you live the closest, we’ll drop you off first,” John insisted. Caroline took that to mean the brunette was going home with John.
 

13

The ride was quiet and awkward. Caroline was seated on one end with the pretty brunette in the middle and John on the other. With the street crowds and other taxis, it took about ten minutes to get to her flat; no one spoke during the ride. The brunette’s eyes were half shut and she looked like she was dozing on and off as they rode. John looked out the window the whole ride, rubbing his chin with one hand. He was frowning and looked angry; she had no idea why. Perhaps because the brunette was too drunk for any late-night fun? That didn’t fit with what she knew of him.
As soon as they arrived John jumped out to open the door; Caroline leaned forward to pay her fare, apologizing to the brunette for having to reach over her. She smiled and told John thank you and goodnight, walking to the front door. She heard the taxi tapped his horn as it drove away and she put the key in the lock.
“You should let me come up tonight.” 
Caroline felt the hair on her neck stand up. His voice was low, too low, and cold. She felt a lump in her throat as she turned around. 
“John,” she said trying to smile, her hand still on the knob, “I thought you were going home.” 
He was strolling toward her, only a few feet away, with his hands in his pockets like at the club. He wasn’t smiling. 
“I really don’t understand you,” he said, waving his hand around, gesturing, as he got within inches of her, “I met you first. I have everything Benji has. Everything you need.”
Before she could think he pulled her to him, her hand slipping off of the door handle. He grabbed her shoulders and threw her against the door; her head hit hard, dazing her for a second. He shook her and threw her again. The back of her head throbbed with white-hot pain. Already muscular, John seemed to grow in size and strength in front of her. He pushed his body up against hers, holding her hands down against her sides; she was pinned down and couldn’t move. 
“I have everything you need, Caroline,” he sneered, his face only inches from hers. 
She closed her eyes; she could smell and feel hot, whiskey-laden breath in her face. He took her left hand and pressed it against his crotch.
“Let me come up and show you,” he growled at her.
Caroline was dizzy. She felt something warm running down her neck and tears welled up in her eyes. As she tried to blink them away she saw him smile, but it wasn’t John’s smile, the one that always greeted her warmly. It was cruel, enjoying her fear. She shrieked as he pulled her hair to bring her face upward, forcing her mouth open with his hand on her jaw, thrusting his tongue deep in her mouth. She felt sick. Her heart was racing. Think, think. He leaned back to look at her again, to take in her terror. She realized her arms were free. She pushed her first two knuckles forward and thrust her fist has hard as she could into his throat.
John stumbled back, not expecting the attack. It gave her just enough time to get in the door and lock it. He threw himself at the barricade. 
“You bitch! Open the fuckin’ door,” he screamed.
He continued his tirade as she leaned against the inside, holding the lock, afraid that he would hit it hard enough to send it flying open. After several minutes, the banging stopped. She could hear him continuing to curse at her, but the voice was fading away. She watched him walk away through the peep hole.
Caroline sunk down into a heap at the bottom of the door. She pulled out her phone and dialed the only person she could think to call.

She stayed curled in a ball against the door, willing herself not to fall apart until she heard Benjamin’s Porsche pull up and his voice calling to her from outside. Caroline confirmed it was his face through the peep hole. She threw open the door and collapse into his arms as he shut the door behind them and helped her up the stairs to her flat.
Benjamin guided her to the sofa and sat down with his arm around her, whispering, “It’s alright, you’re safe now,” over and over to her. She took a few deep breaths, tears running down her face even as she calmed the rest of her body down. 
Caroline’s voice finally came to her, halted only by the last of her sobs, “I told him I was taking a taxi home. He had a woman with him. They wanted to share it. I got out first. I never looked behind me. I thought he left in the taxi.  I was so scared; I thought he was going to…” 
She couldn’t finish. She felt the hysteria begin to build again. She didn’t want to lose control of herself again. As she took a few deep breaths her senses calmed and she focused again.
“The back of my head hurts.”
Benjamin turned the light on and looked. The back of her head and the upper part of her shirt were covered in blood.
“We need to wash you up, see if it’s still bleeding.”
“Is it bad?” she asked, looking at him. Now that she was beginning to feel coherent again she could see the fear and anger he was trying to hide. He was staying calm for her sake.
He attempted a smile, “I don’t think so. Head wounds tend to bleed a great deal, even minor ones.”
Caroline assured him she could wash herself up as she headed to the shower.  Vulnerable and scared she shut the door and locked it, taking her clothes off in the bathroom. She put the shirt in the sink to soak and jumped in the shower. Every time the thought of what could have happened came back to her mind her eyes started to flow with tears again. It took several minutes before the water began to run clear of her blood. She gently washed her hair, wincing as the shampoo stung her wound. She then took a washcloth and scrubbed herself, trying to wash off the scent and memory of his touch, until her skin became bright pink. Drying herself off and wrapping the towel around her, she rinsed out her shirt and hung it over the shower. The last step was to brush her teeth, the taste of his whiskey still lingering.
“I made some tea,” Benjamin let her know in a quiet voice as she came out of the bathroom.
“Thank you. I’m going to get dressed first.” She climbed the stairs and pulled out a bra and panties, a shirt and a pair of jeans. She turned her back to Benjamin as she dressed in the bed. She knew she had no logical reason to feel ashamed and embarrassed but she did. She climbed down the stairs and sat down on the sofa again. Benjamin handed her a cup and sat beside her.
They quietly sipped the tea. Benjamin leaned back on the sofa as Caroline stayed forward, her arms on her legs, still curled in the same position she had been at the front door, holding it closed. She finally put the tea on the small end table, and lay back on his chest.
She whispered to him, “Please just hold me. Make me feel safe.”
He wrapped his arms around her, kissing the top of her head, “I won’t let anything happen to you.” He held her for several minutes before remembering, “I need to check your wound.” She put her face down so he could exam the back of her head. “I don’t see any new blood. There are several cuts but no bleeding. Do you want to go to the hospital?”
“No,” she insisted, “as long as the bleeding stopped, I’d rather not.”
“I want you to pack a bag and stay with me for a few days. I insist.  I don’t feel safe leaving you here.” Benjamin left no room for discussion on the subject and Caroline didn’t have the strength of spirit to argue. She didn’t want to admit that she was afraid to be alone anyway.
She grabbed one of her suitcases and packed her toiletries first, then went upstairs and collected several items of clothing. Benjamin took the suitcase from her and headed down the stairs. The fragrance of roses followed her as she shut the door.

It was almost three in the morning as they walked into Benjamin’s flat. He brought her suitcase in and put it down by the door.
“Do you want anything to eat or drink?” he asked.
“No. I’m just very tired.” Caroline glanced at him; he looked exhausted.
“Do you want to stay in the guest room?” Benjamin asked as he picked up her suitcase again.
She didn’t understand for a moment, her heart dropping at the implication.
She paused before responding, “Do you want me to?”
“No. But I will understand if you do.” He touched her cheek, waiting patiently for her to decide what she wanted to do.
Caroline looked into his eyes, “I want to stay with you.” He carried the bag to his room, placing it on a chair by the window. The master bedroom was similar to the guest room, but almost twice the size. A beautiful, dark mahogany king size bed with an arched headboard was its centerpiece against the back wall, covered in a plum colored silk and down comforter.
“The bathroom is down this hall.” Benjamin started removing the various excess pillows. Caroline helped. Together they pulled down the bedding. She removed her shoes and socks, jeans, and bra. The t-shirt was clean and would have to do for nightclothes. She climbed in and was asleep before he got in the bed.

Caroline awoke around ten that morning; Benjamin was still asleep. She curled on her side and watched him for a long time before getting up to open her suitcase and get her toiletries out. She went through her morning bathroom routine then climbed back in the bed. She sat up and looked around the room. Sunlight was coming in around the blinds. On the wall adjoining the bathroom was a large piece of artwork, a landscape; it reminded her of the one at the museum that Benjamin pointed out was his favorite. On the other wall was a small antique wooden desk. The only other furniture was the bed, two end tables on either side of the bed, and the chair her suitcase now sat on.
She hadn’t slept long, but it was the deep sleep of exhaustion; she felt refreshed. The incident with John seemed a long time ago. She still felt a twinge of fear in her middle, but it was not the debilitating monster it had been the night before. She found a book on the end table nearest her and started to read.
Benjamin began to stir, rolling on his side away from her. She put the book down and slid back under the covers. His pajama bottoms were soft against her legs as she cuddled up against his back and put her arm around him.  He grunted and wrapped his arm around hers, holding her hand against his chest. His response being less than she had hoped for, she began kissing his neck, back and shoulders. He lifted her hand and kissed it but didn’t move otherwise. Caroline frowned; this was not going as she hoped. She pressed her body tight against him as she took her free hand and ran it through his hair, leaning forward to gently bite his earlobe. He began to shake; it took her a moment to realize he was laughing.
“Really?” she exclaimed, in false exasperation as she backed away from him, “you are laughing at me.”
He rolled over to face her, “I’m not laughing at you, truly I’m not.” He kept smiling, “I was enjoying it immensely. I’m glad you’re feeling better.” 
He leaned in for a kiss; she put her hand up in front of it.
“I’ve changed my mind,” she teased.
He grabbed her around the waist, tickling her, holding her tight as she wriggled to get away. 
“Stop it! Stop! I’ll kiss you,” she laughed.
He drew her in close as she wrapped her arms around his neck and shoulders. He kissed her once softly, and again; she felt her heart quicken, still amazed at how such a small touch could affect her everywhere. He moved over her until she was on her back, grabbing the hem of her t-shirt and quickly pulling it over her head, kissing between her breasts before tossing it to the side. He continued down her body, tracing a straight line with his lips and tongue. Caroline closed her eyes and ran her fingers through his hair as Benjamin kissed her. 
He stopped and looked at her as he began to slide her panties off. She lifted her hips as he did, panting now, knowing what he was planning; her body was already burning for him. As his kiss touched her clitoris, she held back the violent response of pleasure from her body. She was lost in the sensation, her whole world focused on that small spot, as he stimulated her with his lips and tongue. She grabbed at his hair as he added his finger inside of her.
“Don’t stop, Oh please, don’t stop,” she cried out. He increased the speed of his movements as she tried to control the overwhelming instinct of her hips to gyrate, “Benjamin, don’t stop.”
She exploded in a loud cry of pleasure, as her body convulsed inside. Her legs trembled. She stopped his efforts as soon as the last wave had passed over and he climbed back up level with her. She could smell her scent on his face; his eyes were hungry.
“More,” was all she could say.
He slid out of his pants and she was already moving to be on top of him. He grabbed her hips, guiding himself inside of her. She leaned forward over him, sliding back and forth, feeling him move in and out of her, letting her body decide what to do. Benjamin watched her with open mouth, mesmerized by her urgent fervency for him. As he began to reach his peak he grabbed her pelvis, slamming harder and harder into her as she cried out. He moaned as he came, holding her down roughly against him, raising her hips up and down hard again, then still.  Wrapping his arms around her body, he held her close for several minutes. When he finally released his arms around her, she carefully moved off of him and to the side.
Benjamin took a few more deep breathes before turning toward her, “Did I hurt you?” Caroline was indeed sore; he had crashed hard into her and she could feel it now. But she had enjoyed his uncontrollable response. 
“No, I’m fine.” She asked him, “Did I hurt you?”
He laughed, “Almost.” He stood up and went in the bathroom, turning on the shower. 
“There’s room for two in this one,” he called back to her. She took him up on the invitation.

They dressed in comfortable clothes and scrounged in the flat for brunch.  The rest of the morning and early part of the day was spent reading and lounging in the living room; Caroline continued the book she started that morning, and Benjamin read his current script and reviewed new ones he was asked to consider. The quiet peace was refreshing.
Around two in the afternoon John called Caroline’s phone. She felt panic rise in her chest at seeing his name on the screen. Benjamin looked over at the phone, saw her face and took it. He answered it as he walked to the bedroom.
“John, this is Benjamin,” there was a pause as John responded back. Caroline could hear him faintly through the phone, talking fast and high-pitched, but she couldn’t understand what he was saying.
Benjamin stopped him, “She’s fine. We need to talk.” He shut the door behind him.
Caroline walked to the hallway. The muffled sound of Benjamin’s voice was all she could hear for several minutes, until he began yelling, “Shut up, John. Dammit. You idiot, you left her a bloody mess. My God, do you understand what you could have done?” He grew quieter; she walked back to the sofa and pulled her knees into her chest. She knew she was safe, Benjamin would make sure of that, but fear still rose up leaving her feeling nauseous as the knot in her middle tightened.
He came out a few minutes later placing her phone on the table beside the sofa. 
“He said he doesn’t remember a thing after arriving at the club. He woke up in his flat and found blood on his hands and shirt. He was calling to make sure you got home safely.” Benjamin sat down beside her. She leaned against his chest, not knowing how to respond.
Benjamin’s voice grew heavy as he began to speak “I feel responsible for what happened to you.” She sat back up and looked at him as he continued, “I didn’t tell you everything. There was an incident with John several years ago. He beat a woman badly in a drunken rage, and would have done worse if the police hadn’t been called by a neighbor. He insisted he had no memory of any of it, that the first he knew of it was waking up at the police station. He was my friend, so I did what I could to make sure he had a good barrister assigned to him. He was sentenced to a year and therapy. He promised to never drink again and, until last week, I thought he had kept that promise. I thought I was helping him. I should have told you. Caroline, I am so sorry.” The sorrow on his face broke her heart.
She paused before responding, “Yes, you should have told me. But you didn’t do this. John did. And I’m ok. I’m going to be ok.” Caroline leaned back on his chest. “I don’t want to talk about it, or think about it anymore.”
They returned to their readings, taking a break around four. Caroline made tea and found a box of biscuits in a cabinet to include. Benjamin kept scant food in the kitchen, since he was gone so often, but he insisted that there was always tea and biscuits somewhere. She did smell the milk to make sure it was still good. 
Over tea, Caroline let him know about her revelations of his fame, “It was strange to see you on the TV,” she laughed with him, “and you were everywhere. At least three different channels had you either pictured, or being interviewed. And then there was the movie.”
“Which one?” he asked.
“I didn’t catch the name of it. I only saw the last hour. You were younger, I’d say. You were robbing a bank.”
“That one is a bit old. And not my best work. I’m surprised they’re still airing it.”
“I thought it was pretty good. I forgot it was you; isn’t that the point?” she asked.
He smiled.  “Yes, I suppose it is,” he said as he finished his tea.

“Shall we venture out for dinner? Or would you prefer take away?” Benjamin asked her. 
The sun was almost set; they had spent the rest of the afternoon on opposite ends of the sofa with their legs intertwined. Caroline liked the idea of some fresh air and atmosphere.
“Let’s go out.”
“There might be photographers,” he warned her.
“After the past twenty four hours, I think I can handle it. Do you have a place in mind?”
“I do,” he replied, “I’ll call to make sure we can get a reservation with short notice.”
After changing into a casual suit for him and dress trousers and blouse for her (the only dress clothes she had grabbed), they met the taxi downstairs and traveled the short distance to Kensington High Street. They got out and walked to the door of the fashionable Indian restaurant. The host knew who Benjamin was as soon as they entered, and they were ushered to their table.
The décor was a mix of rich woods and fabrics, with seating of various dark colored velvets and leathers. Caroline thought of it as understated elegance. The menu was varied, with many traditional Indian dishes alongside some interesting options she had never heard of.
“I haven’t had very much Indian food,” she confessed to Benjamin, “But I’ve liked the little I’ve had.” She closed her menu and added, “I think I’m going to put you on the spot to order for both of us.”
Benjamin smiled, “Do you like spicy food?”
“Well, I do like spicy, but it has to be edible. I don’t want my face on fire.” He laughed at her response.
“I think I have an idea then.” Benjamin ordered several appetizers, two main dishes, as well as rice and naan, and a bottle of wine. The aroma alone made Caroline’s mouth water, as each plate was presented. He had ordered a mix of both vegetarian and meat dishes; each one was delicious and exotic to her.
“You act like you’ve never eaten anything so good” Benjamin teased her, amused at her response to the food.
“I’ve never eaten this before. And it is ‘so good.’ You should enjoy it this much.”
He leaned close and whispered, “I enjoy you that much.” She felt her face grow hot as she blushed, which only added to his amusement.
As they sat eating, Caroline began to notice several tables staring and turning to look at them. It was obvious that they recognized Benjamin. He didn’t seem to notice, or at least acted like he didn’t.
“So, what do you do when a fan approaches you?” she asked, looking out at the dining room and the various responses to his presence.
Benjamin answered thoughtfully, “I try to be polite. I try to at least take a moment with them, if I can. I’m often being ushered to my next engagement and simply don’t have time to stop.” He paused for a moment, “I love what I do and I work very hard at it. It comes with privileges that most people don’t have. But I try to remember that even with hard work I wouldn’t be where I am if no one liked what I do.”
She smiled at him, “Good answer.”
“Dessert?” he asked.
“I am so full. Well, maybe, if we share.” It reminded her of John’s insistence that dinner was not complete without dessert; if there was only one good thing she kept from John, it would be that sentiment.
They exited the restaurant soon after to find their taxi had not yet arrived. Several people walked by them then turned their heads around in recognition. A few came back with paper in hand, asking Benjamin for his autograph, which he politely obliged. More stood at a distance taking photos. The taxi finally pulled up and they got in.
“Ahh, my first experience with fandom,” she joked as they rode back.
Benjamin smiled, “That was quite tame. I’ve gone to events where literally hundreds of people are screaming my name - or more than likely, my character’s name.” He grimaced, then smiled, “That still seems very strange to me.” 
His phone rang; Caroline could tell it was someone from the studio. She gazed out the window, watching the streets pass by while he took his call. Her full belly was starting to make her sleepy. I need to run tomorrow, she thought, I’ll have to find a park near the flat. She suddenly realized that they had not discussed how long she would stay there.
“Would you like to join me on location in the countryside? We leave Monday. It will only be for three days,” he asked as he ended his call.
“To where?”
“Near Carlisle. It’s beautiful there. You’ll be on your own during the day, but Thomas can make arrangements for you to visit anywhere you’d like,” he offered. “I think the fresh air would be good for you.”
She sighed and smiled, “how can I refuse Benjamin Richardson?”

They arrived back at the flat. Benjamin made some phone calls arranging for her to join him in Carlisle. She sat propped up on the pillows reading as he talked to Thomas about what needed to be done. After finishing his calls, he climbed up beside her.
“How’s the book?” he asked.
“Good.” She put it down on the end table. “What time is it?”
“Almost ten.” Benjamin got up and started to undress.
Caroline took her trousers and blouse off, then remembered she had no nightclothes. “Can I borrow a shirt?”
He was naked now, and crawled across the bed to her side, kneeling as he wrapped his arms around her, “You don’t really need one.” She kissed him, wrapping her arms around his neck.
“I’m a little sore from this morning,” she admitted to him. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you,” Benjamin groaned.
“I know. And I enjoyed it. But I don’t think I’ll be much fun tonight. Sorry,” she apologized.
He put his face between her breasts, rubbing his evening facial scruff against her bra, “We should probably get some sleep.” He got up and walked to his closet returning with a white t-shirt for her. She removed her bra and slipped the shirt on, climbing into bed with him. They were both asleep in minutes.


14

It was early when Caroline awoke. She slipped out of the bed quietly, picking up her running clothes from her suitcase and taking them in the bathroom. After leaving a note on the kitchen table, she headed out the door.
The doorman suggested turning left toward a small park about a mile down. The air was cool and the streets were quiet; she could hear church bells ringing for early services. She secured her phone in her armband, put her ear buds in and hit the music. Over the past several months she had created a large collection of positive, fast paced music, music that made her feel invincible as she ran. Today, she wanted reminded that she was powerful. She turned the volume up and ran faster.
Caroline had only been running faithfully for a few years. During her time of grieving she would often run hard, trying to forget her pain, until she was either out of breath or ready to vomit. Slowly, running became a time of solace for her, first to focus on something besides the loss of her husband and Marie, and then to remember and reflect on her life before and after. She was on her own now; it required more from her. As she ran she realized why she had initiated making love the morning after the incident with John; she needed to feel in control again. She wasn’t going to let John take it from her. 
By the time she returned to the flat, Benjamin was up making coffee and toast, the few items left in the kitchen. She kissed him and headed to the shower. It was a good run.

Her phone rang while she was getting dressed. It was John. She stared at the screen for a few more rings before answering it.
“Hello John.”
“Caroline? Oh my God, I’m so glad you answered the phone. I’ve been worried sick about you.”
“Well, I’m fine.”
John was silent for a moment, then started talking fast, “Caroline, I don’t know what to tell you, Benjamin told me what happened, he told me what I did, I am so sorry. I don’t remember anything. I just can’t believe I did those things to you. I can’t tell you how sorry I am. I…” his voice trailed off. It sounded like he was sobbing on the other end of the phone. He was whispering, “Please, please forgive me. I beg you. I would never hurt you. You’re my friend….” then the line was quiet again.
Caroline held the phone to her ear hearing his remorse, wanting to believe him but not being able to forget the look on his face that night, the pleasure he took in her pain; it was John and it wasn’t John.
“John, I forgive you. But I can’t be friends with you, not anymore. I can’t be around you. You need to get help before you really hurt somebody.”
“I know, I know, I’m trying, really I am.”
“Goodbye John. Please don’t call me again.” She hung up the phone and sat on the bed. She was ok.

Caroline insisted on making dinner in that night; she found a few grocery totes under the sink and headed to the store. She wasn’t a chef by any means, but she enjoyed cooking when she had the time, and she had all afternoon. The challenge was making a small amount; she still found herself with tons of leftovers after cooking for one for over a year now. They were leaving for Carlisle first thing in the morning and would not be back for several days. She bought the smallest amounts she could; at the worst, it could be thrown in the freezer.
Marie had always loved her chicken enchiladas. Caroline chopped, boiled and prepped the individual ingredients that went into the final product. Benjamin wandered through several times, offering to help, but she sent him away. She wanted to do this on her own. She slid the pan of corn tortillas filled with spiced chicken, rice and vegetables covered in sauce into the oven and started preparing a green salad to go alongside it.
“This is delicious. And thank you for putting my kitchen to good use,” Benjamin raved. She was glad he liked it; she had indeed made way more than the two of them could eat. 
“I’ve prepared way too much, so I went ahead and portioned it out,” she showed him as they started cleaning up.
“I will think of you every time I eat it,” he smiled as he helped put the freezer containers away; his words sounded forlorn. She wondered about it for a moment before refocusing on the dishes and cleaning up the mess her cooking had made to the pristine countertops and stove.
They watched TV for a bit before retiring early to the bedroom. Benjamin pulled a suitcase out of his closet and began packing while Caroline collected the toiletries she wouldn’t need first thing in the morning and put them back in her small case; everything else was still in it. She undressed, found the t-shirt she had borrowed the night before and slipped it on, sitting up in bed reading as he finished.
“It’s a bit of a drive; we’ll need to leave around six in the morning,” Benjamin let her know, “I’ll drop you off at the guest house we are staying in, then I will probably have to leave right away.”
“I’ll be fine on my own,” she replied.
“I know you will,” he smiled back to her.
Benjamin finished packing and got undressed. She only had a few pages left; he wrapped his arms around her waist and put his head on her stomach. By the time she finished the book, he was fast asleep. She was a little disappointed but decided not to wake him up; he would be doing all of the driving and working the next day. She reached over to the light on the end table, switched it off, and snuggled down beside him.


15

It took almost five hours to reach the guest house, a bed and breakfast outside the city that had been booked for them and several other members of the cast. Mr. and Mrs. Howe, the hosts of the B&B, met Benjamin’s Porsche as they arrived. 
“It’s a pleasure having you with us. We hope you enjoy your stay,” Mrs. Howe greeted them warmly. The two-story brick home was surrounded by beautiful views of the countryside. She led them up to their suite; it was bright and sunny, with white walls and country accents. The window offered a view of the front garden. Their host then retreated to greet the next car arriving.
“I’m afraid I have to leave already.” Benjamin told her as he put down the bags, “Thomas will come to see you in a few hours, to work out what you would like to do. He can use my car.”
“Ok. Do they say ‘break a leg’ in film?” Caroline asked as she kissed him goodbye.
“I’ll see you tonight at dinner.” He headed out the door and downstairs to a passenger van waiting for him and the other actors.
Caroline put her toiletries in the bathroom, and the few clothes she had in one of the drawers of the dresser. The room was quaint with a pretty floral spread on the full size bed that matched the drapes, and white furnishings. She grabbed her book and decided to tour the rest of the house.
Downstairs was a living room/lounge with comfortable seating, a television and a small bar area. A sunroom with a view of the countryside appeared to house the dining area. Caroline stepped outside and walked to the garden. Several wrought iron chairs and tables were scattered around. She took a seat enjoying the late morning sun, and started reading.
“Hello,” a melodious voice greeted her. A lovely woman in her mid-thirties was standing beside her. She was dressed in shorts and an argyle sweater, her blond hair pulled back in a ponytail, with large sunglasses, “I’m Helen. You must be Caroline.”
“Hi! Yes. I didn’t know anyone else was still here.”
“I’m Andrew’s wife.” 
Caroline was too embarrassed to ask who Andrew was; he had to be one of the other actors. “Very nice to meet you,” she replied.
Helen took a seat, starting a conversation, “I was hoping Benjamin would bring you along. We’ve all been dying to meet this woman he can’t stop talking about.”
“Really?” Caroline was surprised to find out he had told anyone about her; what had he been saying?
Helen took off her glasses and smiled, “Are you planning to do some sightseeing while we’re here? I haven’t been to Carlisle in years if you wouldn’t mind the company. It can be dreadfully boring waiting around for them to finish up for the day.”
“I am. Actually Thomas is supposed to be here in a bit to help make arrangements.”
Helen asked, “Is that Benjamin’s PA?”
“Yes,” Caroline said, “Do you usually come with Andrew on location?”
“No. But he’s been gone more than he’s been home for the past several months. I wanted to make sure he was behaving himself.” Her face expressed sarcasm as she waived her hand, “The truth is Andrew is a boring home body. He asked me to come because I was complaining about being stuck alone in London again.” She looked around the garden, commenting, “It is a lovely guest house. I was hoping we would be in the city but the studio decided against it. I think some of the crew are staying in town though.”
“What are the sites around the area? I’m not familiar with it at all.” Caroline asked. 
Helen proceeded to tell her all about the area. Despite not visiting for a long time she was very familiar with it; she had spent a good amount of time there when she was younger. She took a moment to walk inside to grab a few brochures for Caroline while she told her about Carlisle and the surrounding countryside.
The sun was beginning to get warm and they moved indoors to the lounge. Helen was very clever and funny; Caroline found herself drawn to her immediately. An hour passed before Thomas was dropped off by the passenger van driver.
“Ms. Tate, it’s very good to see you again,” he greeted her, smiling.
“Hi Thomas. It’s good to see you to. Do you know Helen?” Caroline didn’t know her last name.
“Mrs. Smith, is it? Very nice to meet you,” he greeted her. Thomas knew his stuff. 
“Mr. Richardson said I was to be at your beck and call for the afternoon. Do you know what you would like to do?”
“Lunch?” Helen suggested.
“Yes, I am starving,” Caroline agreed, “Is there room for three?”
“Yes, mum. The third seat is a bit tight, but it will do.”
They walked out to the car. Helen insisted that they put the top down and she would ride in the tiny seat in the back. She climbed in, pressing her back against the driver’s side wall and her feet against the other. Caroline took passenger, and Thomas drove.
“Do you drive the Porsche often, Thomas?” Helen asked him over the wind.
“No, mum. I think this is my fourth time driving it.”
“Well you are doing a fabulous job.”
“Thank you, mum,” he replied, pleased at the compliment. He looks much younger when he smiles, Caroline bemused to herself.
They drove into Carlisle and Thomas dropped them off at an Italian restaurant that Helen recommended. Caroline asked him to join them but he politely declined. He gave them both his phone number, asking them to call when they were ready to be picked up.
“This place is not fancy,” Helen commented, “but it is lovely inside and the food is very good, at least from what I remember.” 
The restaurant looked like it had just emptied of most of the lunch crowd. The pasta dishes they ordered were fresh and quite good. They enjoyed their meal as Helen talked about what was within walking distance. Caroline called Thomas and told him it would be a few hours before they would need a ride.
Caroline and Helen headed toward the Carlisle Tourist Information center to pick up some information brochures. After some guidance from one of the staff they headed back the way they came to visit the Tulley House Museum & Art Gallery on Castle Street. They entered through the rotunda, the most modern section of the museum. The facility was expansive, housing modern and interactive displays. As they journeyed through the display periods moved back in time with the rooms. The original house was dated late 17th century with additions built in the 18th century. Several ornate wood staircases, artwork in themselves, were a highlight for Caroline. She meandered, particularly captivated by the more ancient museum displays and artwork.
After over an hour they started walking to Carlisle Castle. The castle was in their view before they realized that they had to walk quite a ways down before they could cross the main road, and then it would be up hill. It made it a long, weary trek.
“I think,” Helen commented, taking a deep breath as the two women power walked it, “we should have Thomas meet us there when we’re done.”
Caroline took a breath, “I agree. I don’t think I will need to run today after this!” They laughed.
Carlisle Castle turned out to be worth the walk. Part of the fascination was the expansive history of the site, with the first structures dating back to the Romans up to large sections still in use by both historic preservation oversight groups and the Territorial Army. The entire grounds were walled in over a four acre plat. The castle itself was very well preserved, built of grey and red sandstone that, like the other landmarks Caroline had visited, withstood time more than she would have been expected; perhaps better than any modern building technology. There were plenty of stairs to climb, from up to the top catwalks that gave views of the city and surrounding areas, down to the dungeons. Many of the stone slab steps had wear curvatures from the centuries of use, and the interior courtyard reminded Caroline of various movies highlighting ancient knights and kings.
When they finished touring all they wanted of the grounds, they called Thomas to meet them at the visitor parking area. 

Thomas dropped them off at the guest house, asking if there was anything else they needed before leaving in the Porsche. Helen excused herself to her room for a nap. Caroline found herself alone in the sunny dining area. She curled up on a small sofa at the far end of the room to read. 
A few minutes passed and Mrs. Howe came in.
“Hello, Ms. Tate. How was your afternoon?” her host asked.
“It was very nice, thank you.”
“You sound American, am I right?”
Caroline smiled, “Yes, ma’am. I’m here on holiday.”
“Well that is wonderful. It’s so nice of you to join us. This has been quite an honor, having such important guests.” Mrs. Howe replied. “I was going to make a cup of tea; would you like some?”
Caroline accepted her offer and they sat together for a few minutes enjoying the view from the glass walls of the room, talking about Carlisle and the different highlights of the Cumbria region. Her host eventually excused herself to take care of a few things around the house before the others returned for the evening. The late afternoon sun was making the room warm. Caroline moved to the large sofa in the lounge.
The sun was just beginning to set when she heard cars pulling up. Helen also appeared, practically running down the steps and heading out the front door to meet them. Caroline stood and felt a flutter of uncertainty as the bustling crowd came in. She did not see Benjamin in their midst.
Helen immediately took over the room, grabbing her arm and introducing everyone to Caroline. They all shook her hand, commenting that it was good to finally meet her. She wasn’t sure how to take her apparent renown in the room, not knowing what it was based off of.
“And this is Andrew,” Helen said as the gentleman shook Caroline’s hand. He was a few inches shorter than Benjamin, not as lean, with bright blue eyes and blond hair, “Andrew, this is Caroline, the one Benjamin has been hiding from us.”
“It’s very nice to meet you, Caroline. I hope you two ladies didn’t get in any trouble today. I heard you were running around the city with Helen,” he held his hand up to the side of his mouth, “she has a bit of a wild streak; risky business being in public with her.”
“Andrew!” Helen exclaimed, bunching his arm, “do not tell such stories about me! Caroline, did I not behave all day today?”
Caroline laughed, “As far as I could see, yes. We didn’t get in any serious trouble, anyway.”
This response seemed to amuse the rest of the room, as they joked about what kind of minor trouble they may have caused. Caroline sat back down, laughing as the playful banter between Andrew and Helen continued. She finally saw Benjamin come in - he looked at her and smiled.
“I take it you’ve already been introduced to everyone?” He asked as he came over and sat down beside her.
“Helen took care of that.”
“Oh, yes, Thomas said you spent the day together. How did that go?”
“It was very nice. I like her,” she responded.
The Howes greeted everyone and invited them to get a drink at the bar. Andrew took it upon himself to become bartender, preparing drinks for everyone. Along with him and Helen there was Janet, a slender twenty-something woman with short, dark hair; Roland, a heavy-set older gentleman who reminded Caroline of Winston Churchill; and Nadir, a young Indian gentleman with a huge smile.  Everyone seemed to enjoy one another’s company.
Caroline did notice that Janet was rather reserved in her interactions, compared to the rest of them. She asked Benjamin about it; he explained that she was cast as a feature character for only a few episodes and had not been working with the rest of them for long.
“She’s a bit shy,” he offered, “perhaps you can help her warm up to everyone.”
“Me?” she exclaimed, “I’ve just met everyone myself.”
“True. But you are very good at meeting new people. And not shy at all.” Benjamin complimented.
“Are we on our own for dinner, love?” Helen asked Andrew as he brought drinks around.
“Yes, my dear, that appears to be the case. The caterer that was hired disappeared with the deposit,” Andrew replied.
“Oh my,” Mrs. Howe exclaimed, “I wish I had been informed. I would have been pleased to prepare an evening meal for you. We don’t usually offer an evening meal during the summer months.”
“That’s quite all right, Mrs. Howe,” he responded, “I suspect they will have a new caterer by tomorrow. We can get take away. Helen and I will go out; is that all right with you, love?”
Several of their first choices weren’t open on Mondays, so they finally settled on a pub restaurant in town. Andrew and Helen headed out after calling in the order, while the others watched TV and had another drink. Caroline invited Janet to join her outside at the garden table for some fresh air, a bit surprised when she took her up on the offer. The air was cool outside, so they grabbed light jackets on the way out.  The country sky was filling up with stars, even as the lights of Carlisle shined a short distance away. 
“How are you enjoying the filming, Janet? Benjamin mentioned you’re still fairly new to this group,” Caroline asked in earnest, having only limited topics to share.
Janet replied quietly, “I like it. They are all wonderful to work with, especially Benjamin.” She gave a shy smile and looked up at the stars.
“That’s good.” Caroline wasn’t sure what else to talk about. She looked up, “Wow. You can really see the stars here.”
“How long have you known him?” Janet blurted out.
“Benjamin? Not long. Actually, it feels like a lot longer than it’s been,” she answered.
“I heard him talking to the others about you, especially Andrew,” Janet replied, “He’s smitten, that is clear.”
Caroline felt herself blush, “Really? I didn’t know he talked about me at all.”
They sat quietly for a few more moments staring up at the stars, before Janet added, “I haven’t worked with him long, you know, but we’ve all noticed the change in him. He seems – happier. That must be your doing.”
Caroline looked down, then at the young woman, “Thank you for telling me. It means a lot to me.” They continued to look up at the evening sky until Andrew and Helen returned with dinner.

A hectic schedule awaited the cast, with the van coming to pick them up at seven; everyone decided to retire to their rooms immediately after dinner. Andrew and Benjamin stayed down in the lounge to finish their drinks as the ladies took over the bathrooms.
Caroline was almost floating from her conversation with Janet. It was clear from the way the others addressed her at dinner that they did indeed knew a good bit about her already.  She found herself humming as she brushed her teeth and combed her hair out. She pulled the t-shirt over her head and sat up in the bed to read until he came in.
Benjamin’s and Andrew’s voices floated up the stairs as they laughed about something on the way to their rooms. He went straight to the bathroom, coming out a few minutes later with his pajama bottoms on. She put her book down as he turned the light switch off and climbed under the covers. She scooted down beside him and they lay facing each other, smiling sheepishly.
Caroline asked him quietly, “What have you been telling these people? They seem to know all about me.”
He laughed, running his hand through his hair before answering, “I told them you are intelligent, quick witted, outspoken, too independent for your own good. That you like to eat,” he added, smiling, “that you make me laugh. I kept the best parts to myself… Is that my shirt?”
“It’s the same one I borrowed the other night. I like it. I don’t think you’re getting it back.”
The moonlight was just enough for Caroline to see his eyes gazing back at her. They stayed still, not talking, not moving.
She finally broke the silence, whispering, “So, are you going to ravish me or what?”
Benjamin laughed as he moved toward her, “Oh, absolutely!”


16

Caroline awoke as Benjamin was bending down to kiss her goodbye on his way to the van. She rolled over and tried to go back to sleep; the sky was dark and overcast as a storm front moved in. After half an hour or so she finally gave up, took a shower and got dressed. She could smell coffee as she headed down the stairs.
Mrs. Howe greeted her as she entered the dining room, “Good morning! How did you sleep last night?”
“Very well. The room is very comfortable. It looks like we are going to get rain today.”
“Yes, I’m afraid it does. We’ve been asked to keep your rooms an additional night as a result. It seems you may be staying with us until Thursday now, if the rain comes,” Mrs. Howe let her know, “What would you like for breakfast?”
Caroline declined the traditional big Cumbrian breakfast for some porridge, fruit and coffee. The sky did not appear to be clearing but neither was it breaking up. It just sat there, grey and dreary. Helen appeared a few minutes later, still looking half asleep as she grabbed a box of cereal and a bowl from the standing buffet table.
“Caroline, you’re up early. I thought you’d be in bed a while as busy as you two were last night,” Helen teased her. 
Caroline choked a little on her coffee and felt her face grow hot.
Helen sat down with her food. Seeing Caroline’s face, she quickly apologized, “Oh dear, I didn’t mean to embarrass you! Sorry, I get comfortable with people entirely too soon. Sorry.”
“It’s ok,” Caroline replied. Had they been that loud? She tried to compose herself through her embarrassment.
“We are in the adjoining room dear. I’m sure no one else heard anything. Actually it left me quite jealous. Andrew just wanted to go to sleep.” 
Helen’s attempts at consoling her only added to the awkwardness she felt. Sensing that her additional comments were not helping, Helen decided to change the subject.
“I don’t think there will be any sightseeing today with the weather moving in. I was going to suggest we visit the park behind the castle. But if it rains we may see the men early today. They are dependent on good weather.” Helen still looked chagrin at causing Caroline discomfort, trying hard to correct it.
“That would be nice,” Caroline answered, appreciating the new topic, “If it clears a park sounds great. I need to do a little running.”
“We could ask Mrs. Howe to help us put together a picnic! That would be fun.” 
Caroline chimed in, “Not as much fun as last night.”
There was a short pause before both of them burst out laughing. The two women spent the rest of the morning entertaining themselves in the house with a game of cards, reading and watching TV. The morning grew darker and darker. By noon the sky could no longer hold back the weight; it was not the light rain that Caroline had experienced in London. The heavy downpour showed no sign of letting up, even after an hour. Mrs. Howe commented how unusual it was.
Thomas arrived around noon to drive them to lunch. They asked him to pick up pizza instead; neither of the ladies looked forward to going out in the storm. He politely obliged, returning soon after, boxes in hand. 
“Will you be visiting any attractions today, ladies?” Thomas asked as he put the boxes on the dining table, his coat dripping on the floor.
“No, Thomas, I think the weather has changed our plans,” Caroline let him know.
“I will return to the filming area then. It looks likely that they will break early today. Not much choice with this storm. I will see you tomorrow.” Thomas headed back to the car and drove off.
Helen went to the bar and pulled out a bottle of wine, “If we’re stuck inside we might as well have a drink with our lunch.” They sat enjoying the pizza, pouring the wine, joking about the perils of eating fast food. Caroline and Helen had finished their second bottle of wine over tales of growing up in different countries, past boyfriends and the challenges of being the plus one to a celebrity by the time the rest of the guests returned from their rain-soaked day.
“You two seemed to be having fun together,” Andrew piped up as he came in the dining room. He gave Helen a kiss then headed to the bar to make a drink.
“Did you get any filming done at all today?” Helen called out to him.
“None. We sat in our trailers waiting for it to clear, then for it to stop.” He came back in with his drink and took a seat, “It looks like we’ll be staying an extra day or two.”
“Mrs. Howe said this morning she was asked her for an additional night,” Caroline told them. Janet, Roland and Nadir came in and greeted them, but Benjamin was still missing from the group. “Where’s Benjamin?”
“He went straight up to the room for a shower,” Nadir replied, “all of us are a bit cold and damp.”
They moved the group to the lounge, partly for more comfortable seating and partly to be closer to the bar. Caroline was very tipsy from the wine. So was Helen; as Andrew sat in one of the plush cushioned chair she sank down into his lap, whispering something in his ear that made him laugh. Janet and Nadir took seats on the smaller of the sofas, and Roland sunk into the other chair. 
“Can I get anyone a drink while I’m up?” Caroline asked as she went to the bar to open another bottle of wine. She filled the orders from the rest of them then walked over to Helen to fill her glass before filling her own.
“What were you two up to all day?” Janet asked.
“This,” Helen said, raising her glass, “and eating.”
“I think we played cards, didn’t we?” Caroline added.
“Oh yes, that’s right,” Helen agreed as she took another sip of wine and whispered in Andrew’s ear again. There was no need to guess what it was about from the look he gave her. They quietly slipped out of the room as the rest began discussing the effects the delay was going to have.
“I have several appointments scheduled in London tomorrow,” Roland piped up, “I suppose I need to start making some calls.” He moved to the dining room and Caroline took his seat.
“Hubert was just furious all day. He’s our director,” Nadir explained, “Apparently the weather reports showed no signs of this coming in. I just stayed out of his way.”
“I don’t mind an extra day,” Janet added, “I’m still a bit shaky on the scene we were supposed to film today.” Nadir offered to go over it with her, so she ran to grab her script from her room. 
“I think I’m going to go check on Benjamin while you two work,” Caroline excused herself out and went up the stairs to her room. She could hear voices through the door next to theirs. It was Andrew and Helen. Benjamin had just finished drying off and was putting a towel around his waist when she came in the room. She shut the door behind her, leaning on it.
“I heard you had a pretty boring day,” Caroline offered.
“It could have been worse I guess,” he replied, “How was your day?”
“I have been drinking with Helen since noon,” she replied with a smile, coming over to him, running her hands down his bare chest, “I’m a little drunk.”
He smiled, “I can see that. Perhaps you should take a nap.”
“I have a better idea,” she replied, as she kissed his neck and shoulder, “I think you’ll like my idea.” 
Caroline ran her hands over his front, feeling the definition of his lean upper body, the trace amount of hair on his chest. Her hands moved down to his abdomen, her fingers loosening the towel around him and dropping it to the floor. She looked into his eyes as her fingers followed the trail of hair leading to her destination as her mouth moved to his chest. She continued moving her hand downward until she was stroking his growing erection. She watched his eyes darken and his mouth open, breathing hard. He was waiting to see what was next and she liked it. She quickly knelt down and he grabbed the wall with one hand to steady himself. With her hand still on him she began to caress him with her mouth, her tongue running playfully up and down his stiff length. He put his free hand on her head. She continued to tease him, her hand at his base, her lips and tongue stimulating his tip, before moving to envelope him in her mouth, sucking, holding on to  his hip with her other hand. His fingers ran through her hair, his hips automatically beginning to move with her. Within minutes she heard him gasp and tasted him. His climax surprised her; it was quicker than she expected. She finished and stood back up in front of him. Benjamin was still holding the wall, his eyes closed.
She stood and leaned in next to his ear, “I told you my idea was better,” before heading out the door and back downstairs.
The rain had finally stopped; the clouds were beginning to separate. Caroline grabbed her wine glass from the bar where she had left it and took a sip, noting how close Nadir and Janet were sitting as they went over lines, and went outside. She wandered through the garden. She was wishing for a place to sit when Mr. Howe came by with a towel and dried off the chairs at one of the outside tables. She thanked him and sat her wine glass on the table, moving the chair toward the late afternoon sun. A few minutes later Benjamin walked out in jeans and a t-shirt, a drink in his hand, and sat beside her. He grabbed her and kissed her until she was breathless.
“You are full of surprises,” he announced, “I can’t wait to find out what’s next.”
“You and me both,” she breathed back. They sat outside for hours talking about everything and nothing, enjoying the sunset.
The new caterer arrived with dinner for everyone. The evening was spent in good conversations, with everyone retiring early again for what they hoped to be a busy day of filming.
Caroline and Benjamin climbed into bed.
“How are you feeling?” he asked, “You had quite a bit of wine today.”
“I’m fine,” she responded, “Did you have something in mind?”
He smiled, “I always have something in mind.”
As he went to kiss her, they could hear noises, rather loud noises, coming from the adjoining room. They stopped to listen for a second, stifling their laughter.
“Do you think we can give them a run for their money?” Caroline asked suggestively.
Benjamin grabbed her and kissed her passionately, “Let’s give it our best.” 


17

The next morning promised a much better outcome for the cast and crew. A clear, bright sky greeted them. Caroline stayed in bed until eight, finally getting up and putting her running clothes on. She ate a light breakfast before heading out on the road to the countryside. She watched several people on bicycles ride by her. Her run was not easy; she had to power up rolling hills in order to receive the sweet reward of an easy trek down. The beauty of the green fields, country houses and English gardens she passed made up for it. She purposely left her phone behind, opting to enjoy the sounds of the birds and the breeze instead. She ran for about half an hour before turning back, exhausted. She was used to a consistently flat route; she had to walk part of the way back, her legs tight from the challenge.
She was stretching in the lounge when Helen appeared.
“Good morning. Been out running already?” Helen asked.
“I thought I’d get it out of the way. It’s so beautiful out today.”
“Are we still on for Bitts Park today?”
“Sure. I forgot to ask Mrs. Howe about a picnic lunch though.”
Helen shook her head, “I already took care of it.”
Caroline finished stretching and joined her in the dining room. She grabbed a cup of coffee and toast. The run had used up the little bit she had eaten before.
“I was wondering if you would be interested in attending a fundraiser in London when we get back?” Helen asked as she buttered her toast, “I’m not sure if Benjamin was planning to attend or not; he doesn’t go to those kinds of things very often, would rather give them a check and all, but I think it would be great fun if you were there. It’s for a children’s research hospital.”
“I’ll ask Benjamin when they get back tonight. It’s really up to him and his schedule, I suppose,” Caroline replied.
“Oh, that’s right, you’re still on holiday. I forgot you are only here for a few more weeks.”
Helen’s words hit her hard; she felt a large knot in her stomach. She forced a smile and sipped her coffee.
“Well, it’s next week so you will still be here for it. See what you can do about Benjamin. It’s formal; do you have anything to wear?”
“No, but I don’t mind shopping.” Caroline said.
Helen perked up, “We can go together! I know the best places to find a dress.” 
Caroline finished her breakfast and excused herself to her room. She jumped in the shower and turned it on as hot as she could stand. Helen’s words hung in the air like a death bell’s toll; Caroline knew that her time was getting shorter and shorter but to hear it said out loud when she had been trying to ignore the truth made her ache inside. So much of herself had changed in this short period of time. She felt embolden and confident, more so than ever. She hadn’t experienced the faint sense of mourning at memories of Marie in several days. Her mind and emotions were filled with the wonder of ancient relics, beautiful artwork, rolling countryside – and Benjamin, always Benjamin. She forced down the lump in her throat; if her heart was destined to be broken, it wasn’t going to break until she got on the plane home. She was going to revel in every moment she had left.
Oh Marie, she thought, Look at what your mother has gotten herself into. This trip was your idea, remember?

Thomas faithfully arrived at noon and drove them to Bitts Park located behind Carlisle Castle.  He insisted on setting up the picnic area for them while they explored. They followed a walking path along the water, watching out for various wildlife as well as a few boats floating by. They returned a few minutes later to a large blanket under a tree with a variety of salads and cold cuts, sodas and of course, a bottle of wine. Caroline again asked Thomas to join them and again he declined, excusing himself and reminding them to call his phone when they were ready to leave.
They ate their lunch stretched out on the blanket, enjoying the sun coming through the branches. The ground was still damp but Thomas had placed a plastic tarp under the blanket that did the job of keeping them dry.
“I can see why he has Thomas,” Helen remarked, “Andrew’s been looking for a PA for months now since he lost the last one. He told me Benjamin actually pulled Thomas from another actor. It was while he was working on his last movie. Apparently the actor Thomas was working for was dreadful to him, telling him to do one thing then yelling at him for not doing another. He never lost his composure, was always polite and very knowledgeable. Benjamin went up to him one day on the set and asked Thomas if he would be interested in working for him. And that was it. When he offered to give notice he was sacked him on the spot. Most PAs don’t work for the same actor for long, but he seems very content.” Helen took a bite of salad, watching Caroline. “What is it, Caroline? You’ve barely talked all day.”
Caroline gave her a begrudging smile, “I’m just feeling quiet.”
“No,” Helen sat up, crossing her legs in front of her, “No. You were quiet when you first met everyone the other night. This isn’t the same thing. You seem rather melancholy. Is everything all right with you and Benjamin?”
“Yes, everything is fine.” Caroline forced a smile, feeling her eyes fill up with tears.
Helen gasped at the sight of her, getting up quickly to sit beside her. She wrapped her arms around Caroline’s shoulders, “Oh love, what is it?”
“It’s stupid, really. I just came to realize that I only have a short period of time left here. And,” Caroline hesitated to say it, “I think I’m in love with him. I’m sorry, I barely know you. I can’t believe I’m telling you this.”
Helen stroked her hair, “Oh Caroline we were friends the moment we met. I knew we would click together. As for Benjamin, it’s obvious to everyone how he feels about you. It doesn’t matter that you’ve only know each other a few weeks. I only knew Andrew a few weeks when I knew he was the one.”
Caroline took a breath, wiping her eyes, “Is it obvious? Because I don’t know that he feels the same way. We haven’t talked about my leaving or how we feel. We’ve talked about lots of different things but not that.”
Helen moved to where she could look Caroline in the eye, “Darling, that man loves you. I’ve seen him with other women over the past few years, some he chose to spend time with and some that were arranged by his publicist. He never looked at them the way he looks at you.” She gently grabbed Caroline’s downward chin, raising it up so she was eye to eye with her, “It’s true.”
The two women hugged each other. Helen got up and moved back to her lunch spot as Caroline composed herself and returned to eating her lunch.
 “Are we going to have another contest tonight?” Helen asked as she finished eating. The two women burst out laughing.

The rest of the afternoon was spent taking photos of the gardens and its centerpiece statue of Queen Victoria, watching children play in the water park and taking another walk along the river. They finally called for Thomas around four, packed their picnic up, and headed to the guest house.
The rest of the house arrived just before dinner. They were all in good spirits but tired from a successful day’s work. It appeared that they would be able to wrap up tomorrow afternoon, weather permitting.
After dinner, Benjamin and Caroline and Andrew and Helen played cards while Roland watched TV. Nadir and Janet went out for an evening stroll.
“I think there’s something going on there,” Helen commented as they watched the two through the windows.
“None of your business, love,” her husband chimed as he finished dealing out the deck.
“I think it’s sweet,” she defended, “young love and all that. Remember when we first met?” She leaned on his arm.
“I do,” Andrew responded, moving his cards in his hand, “You were sitting by yourself at the bar, wearing a lovely blue dress, drinking a martini.”
“You do remember!” she teased.
“You asked me if I knew any famous people, and I said ‘no, but if you stick around, I’ll become one’,” Andrew paused before continuing, “And you laughed in my face.” Benjamin and Caroline laughed as the two gave each other a playful kiss.
They played cards for another hour, finally deciding it was time to quit in preparation of the early work day. Roland was asleep in the chair; Caroline gave him a gentle nudge, letting him know the rest of the house was going to bed. They couldn’t find Nadir and Janet outside; no one wanted to go to one of their rooms for fear of interrupting something.
Caroline got undressed and into the bed. She lay on her side, her head propped up by her hand, smiling at Benjamin as she watched him pull out clothes for the next day and start to undress.
“You’re in a good mood,” he commented.
“I guess I am. It was a good day,” she replied. She had spent the evening mindfully paying attention to Benjamin, how he looked at her, his body language when he was near, listening to how he talked to her. It had convinced her that Helen was right. Caroline’s heart was floating out of her chest. Her stomach fluttered with expectation, wanting to tell him everything, but wanting him to tell her first. 
“I’m glad you brought me.”
“You and Helen seem to be hitting it off. How was your picnic?”
“It was nice. We had a long talk.”
“Really? About what?” he asked as he got in the bed.
“Lots of things.” She reached over to run her fingers through his hair.
 “Anything specific?”
“Girl stuff mostly.”
“That sounds ominous,” he smiled, “Should I be scared?”
“Yes,” she cooed softly, sliding up close to his body, running her arm under his to pull him in, “You should be terrified.” She kissed him softly, barely touching his lips with hers. She kissed him again like that, feeling her body begin to gently shake inside her skin.
“You’re shivering,” he whispered, his fingertips running down her body, “you did that when I kissed you the first time; when we made love the first time.”
She whispered back, “I see you with fresh eyes tonight.” He gazed back at her intensely, wanting to understand, “kiss me the way you did the first time.”
Benjamin kissed her; it was warm and wet and soft. Then he kissed her again in earnest. Caroline’s body shuddered as he touched every part of her. It was better than the first time.

18

The final day of filming on the Cumbrian countryside would be done today; the weather promised to be warm and sunny. Caroline didn’t realize until Helen told her at breakfast that this was also the final day of filming for the season as well. Everyone was looking forward to a break. The production company announced they were renting out a restaurant with a small hall in town to celebrate that evening. 
After her run and a shower, Helen and Caroline spent the early part of the day shopping for outfits for the party. Caroline was about to be out of clean clothes altogether; she had nothing that would be appropriate. After several stores they both came back with two to three outfits and shoes.
The rest of the house returned mid-afternoon. Caroline and Benjamin opted for a nap while the rest hung out in the lounge. She rolled on her side on top of the covers; he climbed in beside her, his body spooning her as they slept. They were both asleep quickly and soundly until Helen knocked on the door to let them know the van would be there in an hour.
They road separately following the van in the Porsche. Several fans and paparazzi were outside, but ropes had been set up and security provided to make sure things went smoothly. Thomas met them at the front to take care of parking the car. He opened the door for Caroline and helped her out. Benjamin and the others smiled and waved at the fans, letting them take photos. When they were done, he escorted her in.
The place was packed with people – other cast members, crew, producers, directors and so forth, along with the staff catering the event. Caroline began to realize how many people it took to put this show together. It was astounding. Thomas came in after parking the car and stood beside Benjamin, helping him remember everyone’s names as they walked through the room and were greeted. Caroline noticed that for the most part, he remembered on his own who was who, their job and showed appreciation to every person. He also made a point of introducing her to everyone that he stopped to speak to.
Helen eventually grabbed her, telling Benjamin that they needed to powder their noses.
“What a crowd!” she exclaimed in the ladies room, “I’ve forgotten how many people there are at these things. How are you holding up?”
“So far so good,” Caroline replied, “Although I’m not going to remember all of their names.”
“I think I need a drink and a chair before these heels get the better of me,” Helen commented as she refreshed her lipstick, “Let’s see if we can find some.”
They strolled to the back of the room to find the bar, and then moved to a table to sit.  Several people came by to greet Helen and she in turn introduced Caroline as “my dear friend, and Benjamin’s girlfriend.” The first time she said it sounded strange to Caroline’s ears and she had to keep from correcting her; how else would she refer to her?
The gentlemen joined them for dinner before wandering off to mingle with the crowd again.
“A lot of the crew never get to actually speak to them while they are filming,” Helen explained, “We should probably join them for a bit. Are you ready?”
The two women separated to find their respective gentleman. Benjamin was having an animated discussion with several men and women off to one side of the room; she came up beside him. He smiled and held her hand while he introduced her. Caroline spent the rest of the evening no more than a few feet away from him talking to the people around her. Every now and then she would see him glance her way, smiling. The evening was getting late; a few older gentlemen and ladies dispersed, including Roland.  Around eleven, a DJ started playing dance music and the crowd was revitalized and ready to move.
Caroline took a break from being on her feet and sat at the table in the back again. The room was getting warm with dancing bodies. She spied Nadir and Janet together in the midst of the dance floor. There was definitely something going on there. Helen and Andrew were also dancing. She didn’t see Benjamin.
He appeared a few minutes later, a huge grin on his face. He sat down, and gave her a big kiss.
“What’s that for?” she asked.
“I just got wonderful news. I auditioned last month for a movie in L.A. They’re coming here next week to finalize the contract.” His excitement was infectious.
“That’s wonderful. I’m so happy for you, Benjamin,” Caroline exclaimed.
“They start filming in a few months. It’s been a bugger trying to work out the schedule with my other commitments but my agent was finally able to do it,” he told her, “You must be my good luck charm.” He kissed her again. “Are you ready to go or would you like to stay longer?”
“It’s up to you. I’ll be happy either way,” she responded.
“I’m a bit warm in this suit. Let’s head back.” He helped her up, found Thomas, and asked him to bring the car around. They said their goodbyes to several people and headed out the front door. The onlookers had dispersed outside; a few paparazzi snapped photos as they got in the car and drove away.
“Did you enjoy the party?,” he asked as they drove.
“I did,” she replied, “I never realized how many people it took to put together a show.”
“And that’s not half as many as a large film production requires,” he added. He was still glowing from his good news.
“This must be a big deal, this movie role?” she asked.
“It’s huge for my career,” he told her, smiling, “I’m well known here, but in the US few people have heard of me. That’s not really the point. I’m being offered the role because I’m good at what I do and they like my work and they want me. It’s what every actor wants to hear.”



19

It was after midnight when they arrived at the guest house; they headed up to their room. Even with the nap both were tired from all of the excitement. Neither one was feeling overly amorous, so they went straight to sleep.
Caroline woke up at hearing noises in the hallway. The rest of the guests were coming in. Helen and Andrew sounded like they had a few too many drinks as they banged into the walls coming up the stairs, laughed, then tried to shush each other loudly. They got to their room and it was quiet; she guessed that they passed out.
She fell back into a restless sleep.  She dreamed of being on a float in turquoise blue water, looking up at a sunny sky, not noticing how far she had gotten away from the shore. She saw Benjamin on the beach; he was dressed in the suit he had on tonight. He smiled and yelled something to her. She couldn’t hear him. He yelled again, still smiling. Nothing. She tried to paddle back to shore, but the float wouldn’t move. Suddenly something grabbed her arm. John was pulling her into the water. 
She bolted upright in a cold sweat. Benjamin stirred beside her. She was safe. She tried to relax and go back to sleep. It took her almost an hour.

They joined everyone for a final breakfast at eight. Mrs. Howe insisted on making a traditional breakfast for them all – eggs, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, tomatoes, the works. The smell floating up the stairs made Caroline’s mouth water and even Andrew and Helen made it to the table on time.
After the filling and delicious meal they packed up the van and the cars and said their goodbyes to one another.
“You have my number so let me know as soon as possible if we need to go shopping for a formal,” Helen winked at her then gave her a big hug, whispering in her ear, “Tell him. Don’t wait for him to tell you. Men are scared to death of being the first one to say it.”
“Eh, what’s going on over there?” Andrew chided.
“Girl talk my love, nothing that would interest you,” Helen responded back. She winked at her again and headed to their car.
Caroline came over to Benjamin and extended her hand to Andrew to say goodbye. He grabbed her up in a big hug as well saying, “I’m so glad we got to meet you, Caroline. Don’t be a stranger.” She could have sworn she saw him wink at Benjamin.
They got in the Porsche and headed home, waiving to the Howes as they drove out.

As soon as they walked in the door, Caroline asked where she could do laundry.
“I have a housekeeper that comes in on Wednesdays and Fridays to take care of it.”
“Well, I am wearing my last clean clothing. I wasn’t expecting to stay here this long,” she answered.
“I could take you to your flat. We could get some more of your things,” he offered.
“Benjamin,” she asked quizzically, “How long do you expect me to stay here?”
He frowned and didn’t answer her. He picked up his suitcase, took it to the bedroom and began to unpack.
Caroline followed him to the room. She stood at the door with her arms crossed, watching his silent movements, putting clothes back in the closet, toiletries in the bathroom. He looked so serious, trying to concentrate on what he was doing. Was he trying to avoid her question? She wasn’t sure what to think.
“I didn’t mean to upset you Benjamin. It’s just that we haven’t talked …” she started to say.
“I don’t know,” he said loudly. He stopped moving and closed his eyes, slowly shaking his head, as he finished softer, “I don’t know how long I expected you to stay. As long as you want to stay.”
He stood over the suitcase as if unsure what to do. He put down the shirt in his hand and walked over to her, touching her face and leaning his forehead on hers as he closed his eyes again.
“I want you to stay for as long as you want to stay. If that means,” he paused; the words came out softly, a little more than a whisper, “If that means until you get on a plane then that’s what I want.” He stood up in front of her; she could see it in his eyes the same heartbreak she had felt just days before.
 “I can’t stand to think about you leaving. All that keeps going through my head is I’ve met this amazing woman and I don’t want to lose her. I’m in love with you, Caroline.”
She stood bolted in her place, stunned and not breathing for a moment trying to comprehend what he said. As she did she launched herself at him, wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him, tears rolling down her face. He enveloped her tightly in his arms.
“I love you too, Benjamin. I was going to tell you; you beat me to it.” 
They stood in the doorway holding on to each other, neither wanting to let go. Caroline thought her heart would burst from her chest. She wiped her few remaining tears on his shirt.
“I still need to do laundry,” she said offhand. They laughed and finally release each other. Benjamin called down to the front desk to see if there was a laundry room in the basement. 

It was a quiet, content afternoon in the flat. Benjamin was busy making phone calls in the living room while Caroline ran back and forth taking care of her laundry. She packed everything in her suitcase neatly; between the items she had bought in Carlisle and what she had brought from her flat, she figured she had at least six days of clothing. 
She was putting the last of the clothes away when Benjamin appeared with his arms crossed, leaning against the doorway.
“Finished?” he asked.
“That’s the last of it,” she replied.
“Good. I was thinking of taking a trip,” he said, smiling broadly.
“Tonight? You don’t have to stay in London?” she asked.
“No. I had to rearrange a few things but I’m free until Monday.” 
His smile turned mischievous, highlighting all of the tiny crinkles around his eyes. Caroline’s curiosity was peaked now. 
“What are you up to?”
“How would you like to spend the weekend at the beach?” he asked. Caroline leapt into his arms, squealing with delight.
Benjamin began to laugh, “You better finish packing. We have another long drive ahead of us.”
Caroline grabbed the toiletries that she had just finished putting back in the bathroom as Benjamin began packing his suitcase again. Within a few minutes they were back in the Porsche, heading to Devon. The four hour drive was mostly highway, taking them far west and then south of London. The directions finally started turning onto several side roads to get to their booking at the Rothwell Bed & Breakfast in Strete outside of Dartmouth. They arrived around nine in the evening. Their hosts were waiting in the tiny garden, enjoying the cool evening air as they pulled up.
“Welcome, welcome!” the Blackshires exclaimed as they got out of the car, “how was your drive? We’ve got your suite ready for you, just follow us.” Mr. Blackshire grabbed their bags as Mrs. Blackshire led the way. The studio suite was located separate from the main house, with a private entrance and parking area. They climbed the stairs to a spacious, warmly decorated room.  Over the bed were skylights; the facing wall had a large sliding glass door leading to a balcony.
“It’s perfect,” Caroline told them.
“We’ll leave you two to settle in,” Mrs. Blackshire replied, “See you in the morning for breakfast.” The two hosts headed back out the door, leaving them alone for the night.
“I thought you’d like this better than a fancy hotel,” Benjamin commented as he stretched out on the bed, his hands behind his head, “the main house was built in the 1600s.” He smiled, “You seem to have a fondness for these older homes.”
Caroline smiled and climbed on the bed, straddling him, “I love it. Did you see the garden path? There’s a tea set and kettle in the cabinet over there. And look, we can see the stars while we sleep,” she said, looking up through the skylights. She looked back down at Benjamin’s amused smile.
“What is so funny?” she demanded.
“Your delight at being here, at all the little details.”
She smiled at him, “I love being here with you. I want to remember every little detail.” 
She got off of him and the bed, grabbing her suitcase and lifting it onto the small sofa by the bed to unpack. Benjamin came up behind her, grabbing the items in her hand and putting them back in the case. 
“That can wait,” he said softly in her ear. 
He lifted her hair and kissed the back of her neck. She turned around, kissing him as he led her to the bed. Neither one of them remembered they hadn’t had dinner; they had more important things on their minds.

20

The sun poured into the room making for an early morning.  In the light they could see the view of the Devon coastline from the balcony. They made coffee, wrapped themselves in blankets and sat outside until breakfast time.
Mrs. Blackshire’s hot breakfast was worth getting up for, with farm-fresh eggs, sausage, bacon, and grilled tomatoes and mushrooms; she was quite flattered at how much Benjamin and Caroline ate. The two other guests at breakfast, a quiet older couple, ate a simple meal of muesli and juice, watching as Benjamin and Caroline savored their food.
After breakfast, they strolled through the garden and along the outlying areas. Caroline picked wildflowers for the room. She missed her roses, wondering if any of them were still blooming. Mr. Blackshire showed them a hidden pathway to a private cove; they descended down the steep, rocky path carefully, and were rewarded with a secluded spot hidden by the hills and trees, with beautiful views of the water. Caroline took photos as they wandered around, picking up and running her fingers over the various rocks and natural treasures the sea had deposited on the beach.
The sun was high overhead, indicating it was almost noon. They climbed back up the path and walked to the room to get ready for the beach. Blackpool Sands was a sheltered beach surrounded by steeply rising fields and woods and a short walk from the bed and breakfast, so they headed that direction. To their surprise the beach was almost vacant; several families with children were scattered about, but there was plenty of space to stretch out the blanket they had brought. Caroline pulled out the suntan lotion she purchased at a convenience store on the way there, slipped off the shirt she was wearing over her bikini, and lathered up, then passed it to Benjamin. He looked pale in the sun; Caroline noticed that most of the people on the beach were as well.
“Are you cold?” he asked, seeing the goose bumps on her arm. Compared to the coastal Georgia summers Caroline was used to the air was a bit cool for being at the beach.
“I just have to get used to it; it’s a lot hotter in Georgia.”
They lay in the sun, watching children running back and forth between the sand and the water. Caroline started getting hungry; there was a beachfront restaurant nearby so she grabbed them both some lunch, bringing it back to the blanket.
“I think we should check out the water,” she suggested, “after we eat.”
Benjamin looked at her sideways, “I don’t think you want to do that.”
“Why not?”
“Caroline, you’re cold lying here dry in the sun,” he provoked her, “the water is not what you are used to.”
She finished her lunch and walked down to the water. Several children were running into the waves further down the beach but no adults were in it. As she put her toes in, she had to admit that Benjamin was right; the water was much colder than she expected. She let it wash over her feet as she took in the view. It was beautiful, greens and blues, reminding her of the Caribbean. She took a few more steps in, letting the water come up to her knees, hoping she would get used to the temperature and be able to wade in further.  After a few more tortuous moments her skin became numb; she couldn’t take the cold. Just as she was about to retreat, Benjamin picked her up in his arms and walked her into the water. She kicked her legs, laughing and screaming at him, as he carried her into the water until it was just below his shoulders.
“How do you like the water?” He laughed at her.
“Benjamin, you are going to pay for this!” she threatened him.
“Would you like me to put you down?” She tightened her grip around his neck, begging him not to release her. The only thing keeping parts of her body out of the cold water was his arms.
“I thought you wanted to go for a swim?” He pretended to let her slip from his arms.
“No! Please don’t!” she laughed.
He gave her a kiss and carried her back out of the water, putting her down as they got to knee-depth. They ran back to the blanket; Caroline grabbed her towel and wrapped it tightly around her. Benjamin dried himself off, throwing his towel on her legs, and sat behind her to rub her arms and shoulders until she warmed up.
“That was cruel, Benjamin,” she pouted at him as he shifted himself beside her, his amused smile still intact.
“I thought it was quite refreshing,” he replied, kissing her, “I can think of several ways to help you warm up.”
“I don’t think you want to give these children that kind of an education, nor their parents a heart attack,” she responded, kissing him again, “but you can show me later tonight perhaps, if you don’t pull another stunt like that.”
They walked back to the house around four o’clock, took showers, and made a pot of tea to drink on the balcony as Benjamin read the local newspaper. The air was warm but a slight breeze kept them comfortable as they sat. 
Caroline’s phone rang. It was Helen.
“Hello there, love! How has your weekend been?” Helen’s lilting voice came through.
“It’s been wonderful. Benjamin took me to Devon to the beach,” Caroline replied.
“Well isn’t that exciting? Have you had that chat we spoke about yet, or are you both still dodging it?” Helen’s directness made Caroline smile, but she was glad the phone was not on speaker.
“Yes we have. It was very good.” Caroline suddenly remembered, “I forgot to ask him about the fundraiser.” 
“Well, put him on the phone, I will ask him,” Helen commanded.
Caroline passed the phone to Benjamin and went in to freshen up their tea. She could hear him playfully moaning to Helen about how much he hated those events but it was clear he was giving in the longer he was on the phone. After a few minutes more, he returned the phone to Caroline.
Helen was clearly excited that they were going to attend, “I will have your tickets in hand today. My goodness, that leaves only a few days; we are going to need to go shopping first thing Monday love, or we won’t be able to have your dress ready in time. So plan to spend the day with me; I’ll pick you up around nine. Enjoy the rest of your beach holiday.”
She hung up the phone and carried the refilled china cups to the balcony.
“I should have known Helen would be a bad influence,” Benjamin joked to himself as much as to her as she returned, then adding, “Helen said to let you know that your photo is in the tabloids today.”
“What?” Caroline exclaimed as she sat back down, “Why?”
“Because,” he smiled, leaning toward her, “apparently you are the mystery woman who has swept Benjamin Richardson off his feet. I wouldn’t look it up if I were you. People can be very cruel when they are jealous.” He gave her a kiss and sipped his tea, returning to his reading.
Caroline wasn’t sure how she felt about being in a tabloid; it hadn’t occurred to her that paparazzi would take her photo when they were in public together. In retrospect it seemed obvious. She didn’t like the idea that total strangers were at that moment criticizing everything about her, based on a fuzzy photo from across a street, with no other information about who she was. If not for Benjamin’s comment, her first response would indeed have been to look it up on her computer or phone. He was likely correct; at least some of the comments would be hurtful.
They cleaned up the tea service and got dressed for dinner. The Blackshires had several recommendations for places to eat in the area; they settled on The Light & Deep, which was just a short drive down the road still in Strete. The restaurant was located in a repurposed school house dating back to 1839. The owners, while updating to modern standards, had held on to the warm charm of the original wood floors and fireplace. Neutral walls and white accents gave focus to the rich wood furniture and leather upholstery. The server was taken aback when he recognized Benjamin. He fumbled for a moment over his greeting, took a breath, smiled, and offered his recommendations of the aged sirloin and the mixed seafood grill. They opted for his suggestions.
“What do you want to do tomorrow?” Benjamin asked, “We don’t need to leave until early evening.”
“I don’t think your lily white skin can handle another day on the beach,” Caroline teased over her glass of wine, “Why don’t we check out the gardens at Blackpool?”
“I don’t think we can make an entire day of it,” he replied, “And I beg your pardon, I did get a bit of tan today: I am quite capable of spending more time in the sun. You must remember that summer has just begun.”
“Here it has, I guess. I’m used to this kind of weather in April,” she offered, “We can spend the first part of the day on the beach, and then walk through the gardens before we leave for London.”
“We could visit a different beach.”
“I liked that one. It was quiet,” she added, looking at her glass of wine, “nobody bothered us. And the water is so beautiful.”
Benjamin reached over the table to grab her hand, “Are you concerned about someone bothering us?”
Caroline looked down at the table, then up again, “I guess I am, a little. It’s still very strange to me, to have people recognize you that you’ve never met. And I’m nervous about this photo Helen saw. What if someone recognizes me? I don’t know how to respond. You’ve dealt with this for years; I haven’t.”
 He gazed at her sympathetically for a moment. “Caroline, I understand how uncomfortable it can be. It’s part of my everyday life. Sometimes it can be… a challenge,” he smiled, “but no one is going to try to hurt you.”
She smiled, feeling only a little reassured. Their food began to arrive a few minutes later and they ate quietly, making small talk, but not the free flowing conversation they were both used to.  The food was delicious, but Caroline found herself more and more distracted with little appetite as a result. 
Their plates were cleared for dessert; she declined. Benjamin looked concerned but politely asked for the check. They drove back to the guest house in silence. Caroline walked up the stairs to their room, not waiting for Benjamin. Kicking off her shoes, she walked out to the balcony and sat down. She heard Benjamin come in and shut the door. A few minutes went by as she sat alone, wondering what he was doing but still too bothered with worry to get up. When he finally came out, he had his phone in his hand.
“I want you to see something,” he said, handing it to her. Caroline stared at it for a moment. It was a photo of the two of them together outside of the Indian restaurant near his flat smiling at one another and holding hands. The photo was professional and clear, not grainy as she had pictured in her mind. Any of her friends would immediately know it was her. The caption asked, “Who is the mystery woman seen about town and on location…” with Benjamin. Below it were various comments, some flattering, and some not so polite.
 “Eventually the papers will find out who you are and yes, they will probably know more than you want them to know about you.”
Staring at the photo for a few more seconds, she realized there was nothing she could do about it; this loss of privacy was part of his world and if she wanted to be in it she would need to accept it.
“Look at me. Do you know what I see?” he asked as he knelt in front of her, “I see a beautiful, confident, successful woman. And she happens to be in love with me. The person they should be jealous of is me.”
She shut the screen off and looked at Benjamin, kneeling in front of her.
“You are far too charming for your own good,” she said to him.
He smiled. “It’s easy to be charming around you,” he said kissing her.
They went inside and shut the sliding door to get ready for bed. Benjamin walked around to the far side of the bed, watching her; she guessed he was gauging her mood. She smiled shyly, and watched a seductive smirk grow across his face. He just stood there, as if watching a show, her show, she bemused. She smiled at him seductively, slowing her movements as she let her hair down. He followed her lead, taking off his suit coat and slowly unbuttoning his shirt. She reached around her back and unzipped her dress, letting it fall bit by bit in front of her, sliding it off one shoulder and then the next, down her body, then one hip and the other. She watched him take off shirt and trousers a little too quickly; he wasn’t as good at taking his time, she noted to herself, or was he finding her too distracting? She liked that thought. He finished his own undressing but stayed on his side of the bed, waiting for her. His eyes widen as he watched her, his lips slightly parted; his obvious arousal made it even more maddening to take it slow. Caroline could feel her heartbeat increase, her breathing become shallow; she was enjoying this game. She turned her back to him, looking over her shoulder as she removed her bra, one shoulder at a time, keeping herself covered with her arms. She could hear his breathing from across the room. She put her thumbs in the sides of her panties, slowly and deliberately bending down and sliding them off. 
No longer able to contain himself, Benjamin came around the bed, grabbing her up in his arms. His fervency overwhelmed her; his tongue was eager for hers, kissing her hard, then biting her lip, taking her breath away. His mouth slid down to her shoulder and bit her again, trying to stem the fury of his arousal. He moved to her breast, enveloping her nipple in his mouth sucking vigorously; Caroline moaned and her body bent for more. He put his hand between her legs, burying his finger inside of her as she cried out; she couldn’t wait any longer.
“Now, please!” she demanded, “I want you now.”
Caroline pushed him backward until he was sitting on the edge of the bed. She straddled him, using her hands to guide his full arousal inside of her, sighing as she slid down onto him. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders as her legs pumped her body up and down. Benjamin grabbed her hips but let her control the tempo. They watched each other’s faces, mouths open, breathing each other’s breaths as they moved together. 
“I love you,” Caroline’s voice was low.
“I love you,” Benjamin echoed back to her. He kissed her deeply, thrusting his tongue in her eager mouth. Grabbing her ass, he moved their bodies around, placing her on the bed under him. He started ramming into her hard and fast. Caroline moaned in both pain and pleasure as he moved in and out of her, over and over. She felt the wave of her climax grow, then wash over her, crying out as it did. Benjamin’s was only seconds behind hers, fueled by her body’s intense response, as he grabbed her tightly, sinking deep into her over and over before collapsing onto her. She wrapped her arms around him.
They stayed like that, panting and hot in each other’s arms, spent from the intensity of their lovemaking. He eventually rolled off of her and to the side, catching her hand and intertwining his fingers with hers. They lay still and quiet, looking at the stars overhead. Caroline squeezed his hand, unable to articulate her astonished sense of fulfillment and joy.

21

They packed first and then joined their hosts at the main house for a final breakfast. The other guests were there eating their muesli and juice as Benjamin and Caroline enjoyed the fine culinary skills of Mrs. Blackshire again. Around eleven they packed the bags in the Porsche, stopping off to say goodbye, and letting their hosts know what a wonderful time they had at the Rothwell. A short drive put them at parking for the beach and garden.
It was much warmer than the day before, which made Caroline happy and more willing to brave the water up to her hips. A little splashing on her arms was enough to cool off after some time in the sun. The heat brought more people out than the day before, however; Benjamin’s hat and glasses stayed on, with a few people glancing at him twice, not sure enough of his identity to actually approach him. 
Caroline took photos most of the time, of the beach, the café and store, and of Benjamin. They took several together as well. She tried not to think about what day it was.
They grabbed a late lunch at the café again, ate and packed up, putting their beach gear in the car before heading over to Blackpool Gardens. The lush, well maintained pathways through the gardens opened up to a huge variety of flowering plants, including a surprising number of tropical plants and flowers, making it quite unique from the other gardens Caroline had visited during her trip. The trees and shrubs around the grounds provided both shade and natural fencing from the sea breezes. They climbed up the gently sloping paths until they were high above the coastline, taking in a breathtaking view. As they descended back down, they took their time studying the different plants that caught their eye. It was designed to look as if everything had sprung up in its place naturally, or had been there for centuries. Caroline took more photos, catching a few of Benjamin when he wasn’t looking. Those are the best ones, she thought to herself, he looks content and happy.
It was finally time to head to the car and the long drive back to London. They put the top down for the first hour, enjoying the warm sunshine until the sky began to darken with clouds and they had to pull over and put it up. A few light showers followed them the rest of the way. Caroline dozed for the last few hours, the sound of the rain lulling her in and out.
When they arrived back at the flat, Caroline took out a few of the leftover enchiladas to thaw while they unpacked and jumped in the shower to wash off the last of the sand and sea. They weren’t planning to go out again so she changed into Benjamin’s t-shirt she’d washed before they went to the beach and a pair of panties. They warmed up dinner and sat out in the living room with Benjamin clicking through the television channels. The normalcy did not escape Caroline; it was a typical night in for most couples.
Caroline hadn’t read her email in several days, so while Benjamin flipped between shows she set up her computer and caught up, responding to a few business-related ones first, then going to her private email. Several were worried that they hadn’t heard from her; she had to type an apology so many times that she thought about copying and pasting it.
As soon as she read the subject line of the last one, she knew her secret was out. Her best friend Sue who had shared an affinity with Marie for all things British had somehow come across the paparazzi photo. She included a copy of it and one line in the message – “Is that YOU?” She showed Benjamin.
“Should I tell her?” she asked Benjamin.
“You haven’t told your best friend about me yet?” he asked incredulously.
Caroline admitted, “Not by name. And I haven’t emailed her since our first date.”
He squeezed in close beside her and took a photo with the webcam, saying, “Send her that one. See what she says.”
Caroline laughed and sent the photo off. She wished she could be there to see the look on Sue’s face.
Benjamin stopped on a local news report. It was about an attack in Soho; the police were advising women not to be out on the streets alone. The report made Caroline uncomfortable. He changed the channel again before the report was over.
“Are you ready for bed? I have an early morning meeting with my agent tomorrow,” he asked, turning off the television.
Caroline yawned, “That sounds like a good idea. I have to get ready for a busy day with Helen.”
“I forgot about that,” he commented, turning off the lights as they walked to the room, “She’ll have you out all day I suspect.” 
They slipped into bed, both yawning, and drifted off to sleep.

22

Caroline got dressed and ready to meet Helen, grabbing some coffee and toast, wishing she had thought to stop at the grocer when they got back the day before for a few odds and ends. She missed fruit for breakfast. Benjamin seemed content with what they had; his meeting that morning was postponed until ten, so he was planning to head out when Helen arrived.
Helen arrived right on time; she was stylishly dressed in jeans and a graphic t-shirt, a scarf and heels. She took one look at Caroline and dragged her back to the bedroom, scrambling through her suitcase and changing her ensemble into jeans, wedge sandals, and a tank top under a plain, white linen shirt.
“Crisp, clean lines are always in style, love,” she told her, “Throw a little jewelry on and we’ll be on our way.”
Caroline checked through the few pieces of jewelry she had with her; most of it was still at her flat. Helen and Benjamin were talking in the kitchen when she came out. She kissed him goodbye and they were out the door.
Helen’s silver BMW is not nearly as flashy as her personality, Caroline thought. Inside however, it looked like she had every option available. There were buttons and gauges everywhere. The buttery leather seats were incredibly comfortable and fully adjustable, forming to the rider’s body.
They made their first stop just a few miles away.
“We are going to start this epic shopping adventure with the spa,” she told her, “I feel like being pampered from head to toe. This is my treat love, I wanted to surprise you.”
They walked in to the smell of verbena and lemon grass. The cool grey and blue tones added to the soothing techno-new age-ish music playing. A large waterfall feature encompassed the wall behind the service counter. The receptionist knew Helen well, coming around the counter to kiss her on each cheek and embrace Caroline’s hand in both of hers. Even her voice was smooth and gentle like the music, a bit hypnotic.
The ladies were guided to a locker room to undress and change into their robes and slippers. Helen insisted they take a quick seat in the steam room, “to loosen up the muscles.” They wrapped their hair and bodies in towels and went in the cedar-smelling room.
“So, tell me all about your little chat love, I want to know everything,” Helen said as she stretched out on an upper bench. Caroline tried to be vague, but Helen wouldn’t have it; she ended up telling her everything about how he finally told her he loved her.
“Well I’m glad to hear it. I had half a mind to come over and do it myself,” Helen teased her, “Did he tell you about your photo?”
“Yes he did,” Caroline said, “I didn’t take it well at first; he had to work to convince me not to worry about it.”
“Oh Caroline,” Helen sighed, “I felt the same way the first time someone published a photograph of me with Andrew; and we were together long before anyone wanted his photo. But then I thought, ‘I look fabulous; let them take the damn photos as long as I keep looking like that,’ she said laughing, “I get recognized once or twice a month at most, and all they want to know is ‘what is it like to be married to Andrew?’ and I tell them, ‘it’s like being married to a traveling salesman – he’s rarely home, he forgets to call when he’s away, but when he gets home, he’s a complete animal in the bedroom.’ You should see the look on their faces.” They both broke out laughing.
“I don’t know what I would say if someone recognized me,” Caroline admitted, “But my best friend back home already did. I’m sure she’s going crazy. I haven’t checked my email since I replied to her.”
“Well I wouldn’t worry about it love,” Helen replied, “It was only one photo.”
They were both sweating pretty good, so they headed back to the locker room to wipe down and put their robes back on. A side door led to the massage room. They disrobed and got on their respective tables, face down, under the sheets.
Helen whispered from across the room, “I requested two of their very best masseurs.”
Caroline turned her head and saw the mischievous smile on Helen’s face. The door opened and two gorgeous, tan, muscular twenty-something men entered in scrubs. She looked back at Helen, shaking her head and smiling as she put her head back down on the oval pillow. It was indeed a great massage. She felt like she was melting into the table and it was difficult to roll onto her back for the second half. All of her muscles were loose and relaxed by the time the masseur finished; she didn’t want to get up.
“Aahh, that was lovely, Stefan,” Helen sighed as the two men left the room. They both lay still on the tables for a full five minutes until Helen finally spoke up, “It’s time for waxing.”
“Are you joking?” Caroline whined, “I don’t want to go from this to pain.” 
“Let’s get it over with,” Helen replied, “then we can take a nice shower, and finish with hair and makeovers before lunch.”
They put their robes and slippers back on and moved to the next room. Caroline was fine with updating her facial waxing; it was the rest of the process that almost made her pass out. She regularly groomed herself “down there,” but the idea of being coated in hot wax in her most vulnerable and sensitive areas had always filled her with trepidation.  After the first strip was ripped off, she determined her fears were valid. Helen laughed and hollered at the next station as she shared in the agony of the tortuous beauty ritual.
“How often do you do this?” Caroline asked between crying and laughing.
“I promise it gets easier the more you get it done,” Helen yelled back at her.
“I think you’re lieing Helen!” she yelled back at her as she yelped at another strip flying off.
Their waxing finally finished, they waddled, laughing as they hung on to each other, to the showers. The warm water seemed to sooth the burning sensation, as long as no soap got near the irritated skin. Taking advantage of the ice cold aloe gel they were offered, they coated themselves up, got dressed, and headed to their final station at the salon. 
A few highlights and a trim and style were all Caroline’s hair needed. The makeup artist and nail stylist took over next, working together.  A lovely young woman with big, brown eyes and wildly colored hair, the makeup artist talked as she worked, explaining everything she was doing, why she used the techniques she was using, and how to select colors. The results were outstanding. Caroline was already an attractive woman, but the artist’s professional skills seemed to magically highlight all her good features while dressing down the few problem areas she had. She looked at herself amazed; her first thought was Helen’s voice in her head, ‘I look fabulous; let them take the damn photos, as long as I keep looking like that.’
Helen looked equally amazing as they headed out the door. After another short drive they parked and walked to a French restaurant Helen suggested. The maître d’ greeted Helen the same way as the staff at the spa; it was clearly one of her regular haunts.  Not being able to read the menu, Caroline took Helen’s recommendation for lunch and hoped for the best. Helen then reassured her that several dress shops were within walking distance as she ordered a bottle of wine, which was empty by the time their long, leisurely lunch was completed. As they told jokes and laughed a little too loudly, a few dirty looks were shot their direction by other diners, but the maître d’ visited their table frequently without commenting on their boisterous behavior.
It was already early afternoon when they got to the first dress boutique. They were greeted coolly by a sales woman in a stylish black suit, her hair pulled back tightly. She asked if they had an appointment. Helen smiled, pulling her aside and whispering something to her. When they turned around, the sales woman was smiling, her demeanor magically thawed by whatever Helen said, and she immediately took Caroline by the arm to a fitting room, asking her what colors she liked, what style she was looking for, and offering to bring her a selection of gowns to try on as Helen sat herself down in a leather chair facing the fitting rooms and large mirror.
As soon as the sales woman disappeared to the back, Caroline popped her head out and whispered, “Helen, what did you say?”
Without looking up from her phone, she replied, “I told her you’re Benjamin Richardson’s girlfriend and you need a gown in time for a Wednesday night affair.”
“Oh my God, you didn’t?” Caroline gasped.
“As soon as I said it she recognized you.” Helen put down her phone and smiled as the sales woman returned with the first two to try on.

The next few hours were grueling; Caroline never thought it would be so difficult to select a dress. They were all so beautiful. They were already in a third shop; she was about to pick when Helen insisted that they go to at least one more. The next boutique made the decision even harder – more beautiful dresses, each one making her look more glamorous. She was torn between two of them; one was definitely her favorite, but the other had a significantly lower price tag attached. It was hard to swallow spending that much money on a dress she would probably never wear again.
“By the way,” Helen came up close to her as she fingered the two gowns she was considering, “Benjamin insists on paying for the gown and accessories. He made me swear to it.” She twirled his credit card between her fingers, “Get the dark red one. It suits you better.” Caroline tilted her head in mock defeat. 
She put the dress back on for a proper fitting; the shop promised to have it ready and delivered by Wednesday afternoon.  Helen then took her around the corner to buy shoes, lingerie, a purse, and jewelry, now that they knew what she would be wearing.
They stopped in a tea house before heading back to the flat. It reminded Caroline of the tea house she visited at Kings Point, although this one had plush seating around low tables, reminiscent of a parlor more than a restaurant. It was another delicious mixture of savory sandwiches and sweet treats. She was very full by the time they finished.
Returning to the flat, Caroline thanked Helen and gave her a hug in the car as she picked up her bags and jumped out. She ran the bags upstairs and slipped on her running shoes to walk down to the grocer for a few things, grabbing a tote as she went back out the door. She needed more than toast for breakfast even if Benjamin didn’t.  She walked through grabbing some fruit, eggs, milk, and tea biscuits. Waiting in line, she spotted the photo of the two of them together on the cover of one of the tabloids. Her first reaction was to stare at it. It was just so strange to see her face on the shelf. She thought about turning it backwards but was afraid that would attract more attention. She looked down as her items were rung up, making eye contact with the cashier just long enough to say thank you and get her receipt. Walking quickly out the door, she stopped and giggled to herself. It seemed silly to be trying to hide who she was. She was Benjamin’s girlfriend.
She started her trek to the flat, swinging her tote bag and smiling at the warm weather and light heart she carried. Checking her phone as she walked, there were a few new business emails she needed to respond to, and one from the neighbor taking care of her dogs. She laughed at Sue’s frenetic response to the photo she sent her. She would have to sit down and give her a long reply back.  
Halfway back to the flat, she became aware of someone behind her. At first she thought nothing of it; she just kept going her way, reading her messages. It wasn’t until she made a few turns onto different streets and heard the same footsteps that she became concerned. Caroline picked up her pace. She could hear the footsteps behind her do the same. She was only a block away from the entry door to the building when someone grabbed her arm. She swung around quickly, ready to defend herself. It was John.
“Please, Caroline, I just want to talk,” John stood in front of her, his arms spread out, cornering her against a wall, “I won’t hurt you, I swear, just please let me talk.”
Caroline felt her heart race; she wanted to scream but her throat was dry and closed, fear gripping her. She stood paralyzed, praying for someone else to come walking down the street.
“I just want to tell you how sorry, how dreadfully sorry I am. I don’t remember any of it, I swear. I would never hurt you. I care about you. I wouldn’t hurt you.” John paused. He seemed confused and unsure of himself.
Caroline found her voice, barely audible at first then growing as she spoke, “But you did hurt me John. You banged my head against a door. I had to fight you off to get away.” She was yelling now, no longer afraid but enraged, “You would have raped me or worse if I hadn’t. I don’t know what is wrong with you John, but you need help. You need to stop drinking and get serious help.”
“I know, I know,” he repeated, putting his hands on his head, crying. She watched him fall to his knees in front of her, a wretched creature, nothing like the monster from their last meeting.
Caroline voice quieted but her resolve was unchanged. She felt her anger subside to pity. 
 “You need to stay away from me John. Don’t call me; don’t try to see me again. Get help.” She picked up the tote and slowly moved away from him until she was clear, running the rest of the way, tears rolling down her face. She locked the door to the flat and sank down against it, pulling her knees in and wrapping her arms around them as she cried.
When she finally calmed down, she put her groceries away and went to wipe her face. The beautiful makeover was destroyed; she washed the last of the makeup off and got into Benjamin’s t-shirt and a pair of shorts. She suspected Benjamin would be late getting in; she wanted to call him and tell him what happened but decided he would only worry about her. I’m fine now, she told herself. Caroline put together a light dinner and grabbed a new book from his bookshelf. She sat curled up on the sofa for the rest of the evening.
Benjamin got home around nine to a dead bolted door.
“Why did you lock the door?” Benjamin asked immediately as she opened it for him. Caroline fumbled around with her answer until finally admitting the truth.
“I had a run-in with John. He followed me home from the grocer,” she told him as he put his hand on his forehead, “He said he wanted to apologize.”
“Are you all right?”
“Yes. At first I was scared, then angry. He started crying. Then I just felt sorry for him. I told him to get help.” Caroline left out her own crying fit. She didn’t want him to know how truly scared she had been after the incident.
Benjamin wrapped an arm around her and kissed her head as they walked to the sofa and sat down.
“How was your day otherwise?” he asked.
“I had a great time with Helen,” she told him, adding, “and thank you for my dress. I hope you like it.”
He kissed her, “I’m sure you will be the most beautiful woman there.”
“How did your day go?”
“Exceptionally well. We have a meeting Thursday with the representatives from L.A. I think my agent is more excited than I am about it.”
“That’s wonderful,” Caroline told him.
“It’s been a very long day,” he commented, “I think I’m going to bed early. Care to join me?”
Caroline smiled, “I think I will; I want to show you what they did to me at the spa.”
Benjamin looked at her curiously as they walked to the room. The waxing torture turned out to be worth it.

23

After confirming with Benjamin that he would be gone until the evening, Caroline determined to make it another sightseeing day. She had not looked into the Kensington area before, so the morning was spent planning her day out. A large variety of museums, galleries and the like were all in the area; she decided to start at the Natural History Museum and work her way down to the others within walking distance.
Caroline couldn’t help comparing it to the Smithsonian’s Natural History Museum in Washington, D.C. Like everywhere else she had visited on her vacation, the beauty of the building itself almost outdid the exhibits, with arching gold ceilings, stained glass windows and ornate details on every wall and doorway. The museum’s color-coded zones helped her to keep track of where she was in the massive, 3-story facility.  She started her journey in the Green Zone among ecological studies, marine fossils, birds and insects. Many of the displays had been recently remodeled, giving them a more modern and interactive feel than most museums. She moved on to the Red Zone which focused on Earth studies, including precious minerals and gemstones, unique rock formations and the like.
After crossing back to the entrance to view the other side of the museum, Caroline found that her favorite by far was the Blue Zone: a look at all walks of life, amassed with full size models and skeletons great and small, from whales to the tiniest creatures. She spent hours wandering through the various displays until finally determining it was time to move on.
It was time for a late lunch as she exited. She looked up the various options; there was quite an assortment, fast food to high-end. The café located in her next destination looked promising so she decided to head straight there.
The Victoria and Albert Museum was just a few blocks away on Cromwell Road. Dedicated to art and design, it highlighted the best of everything from architecture to sculpture, fashion and hand-made art of various media, photography, theater, jewelry, painting – the huge variety that the museum undertook to display was a bit overwhelming! She was dazzled immediately by the enormous multi-color chandelier hanging in the dome of the main entrance, its graceful glass tentacles reaching down to the watchers below. Caroline took several photos of it before heading to the café, finding it hard not to stop and take pleasure in the sights around her on the way. The café itself was beautifully decorated. She grabbed a quick meal then started her touring.
She strolled through several rooms of sculptures - ivory, marble, bronze, stone, and more – then galleries of jewelry and furniture through the ages. Her next destination was the paintings galleries. She came across one filled with miniature portraits; many were so small she needed a magnifying glass to take in the details as she marveled at how anyone could create such a tiny, precise work of art. As she continued to wander through the various galleries, she acquired a great deal of knowledge about the museum and how it came to exist, originally as the Museum of Ornamental Art in 1857, later renamed. Many of the paintings donated at the inception were still a part of the enormous collection, encompassing a variety of landscapes, scenes and portraits. The museum was also generous in its layout, allowing close access to the artwork. Caroline was particularly drawn to the glass collection; stunning sculptures, ancient vases and other works of art. Leaving these areas led her into the Theater and Performance galleries. Costumes, set designs, original scores and scripts, publicity artwork and extensive displays on the history of theater took up multiple rooms. The complexity of equipment, prop design, and modern costumes gave her a new appreciation for the performing arts.
It was already past four when she decided it was time to head home. She couldn’t believe she had only been to two museums all day; she had likely walked through the equivalent of a dozen due to the sheer size and volume of displays and information. Caroline decided to give her weary feet a break and caught a taxi, asking him to drop her off by the salon. She ran in and asked if they had any openings for tomorrow and then walked down the street to a coffee house she had spotted. She found a seat outside and ordered some tea and a snack, enjoying the warm sun.
“Caroline, is that you?” a familiar voice called out. It was Cecilia fresh from a shopping spree, bags in hand.
Caroline stood up and gave her a hug and a kiss, “Cecilia, it’s so good to see you. Please join me.”
“Oh, Caroline, I was getting worried about you,” Cecelia told her as she took a seat at the table, “We haven’t heard from you or John in weeks. Is everything all right?”
Caroline smiled, “Everything is wonderful with me, I’m so sorry you were worried. I’ve been busy traveling and missed these past few weeks with the Friday night crowd.” She was surprised to hear that John had been missing as well but glad to hear it; she hoped it was a sign he had taken to heart making changes and was getting help.
Cecilia ordered tea and put her bags down, continuing to talk, “Well, it’s a good thing probably. I certainly enjoy the party, but I’m getting to the age that I don’t recover quite so quickly the next day. So tell me about your travels, dear. Where have you been?”
Caroline gave her a quick update of her trips to Canterbury, Carlisle and Devon, as well as her sightseeing adventures in London, since their last time together.
Cecilia leaned in closer, “I would have sworn I saw photo of you the other day, with Benjamin of all people.”
“You did,” Caroline replied, a shy smile creeping across her face. She saw no reason to try to hide it from her. Cecilia at first appeared a bit shocked before melting into a smile.
 “My God, how long has that been going on?”
“He invited me out the day after his birthday party. We’ve been seeing each other since.”
“I thought there was something going on between you and John. Does he know?”
“Yes,” Caroline told her, “John knows. We were never a couple, just friends.” She left the conversation at that. She reasoned that John’s problems were not hers to share as long as he didn’t hurt anyone else and was trying to change.
Caroline sipped her tea as Cecilia chatted about several people from the Friday night group, the latest gossip and scandals, and her shopping trip.
“Daniel and I are attending a formal tomorrow night, a high-brow fundraiser,” she commented.
“Is it for the children’s hospital? Benjamin and I will be there,” Caroline let her know.
Cecilia looked pleased, “That will be splendid! Daniel will want a partner. Do you know any ballroom dancing?”
“Very little, but I’m a fast learner. I look forward to him teaching me a few steps.”
Cecelia finished her tea, looked at her watch, and stood up, “I must fly, my dear, but I will see you tomorrow,” she said as she kissed Caroline on the cheek and waved down a taxi.
Caroline’s phone buzzed. It was Benjamin.
“I’m so sorry, darling, but I will be getting in very late tonight.”
“Ok. I missed you today.”
“And I, you. Don’t wait up for me; I want you well rested for our big night out. I love you.”
“I love you too. I’ll see you in the morning then.”
Caroline sighed as she finished her tea.  She suddenly realized just how much she missed having him all to herself. 
She settled her bill and began her walk the several blocks to the flat. A breeze brought the sweet fragrance of a backyard garden her way as she walked. She wondered how her roses were doing; it had been almost two weeks since she visited her flat. They were probably dry and wilted. 
The evening was spent on her computer taking care of business issues that had arisen in her absence, providing Sue with that detailed reply she had promised her, and making a short list of places she still wished to visit before going home. In seven days she would be boarding a plane back to Georgia.
It was after ten when she finished up and shut down the computer. She grabbed a light snack and crawled in bed with her book. Caroline finally turned off the light at midnight.


24

Caroline awoke around nine in the morning, alone. Benjamin’s side of the bed was thrown back and his pillow rumpled, indicating he had been there for at least part of the night. She was disappointed that he had not thought to wake her when he got in or before he left.
She finished her morning routine and walked out to the kitchen. A note was on the table for her:

Caroline – 
I will be late to the event. I have arranged for Andrew and Helen to pick you up at 7. 
Love,
Benjamin

Not exactly a love letter, she thought, but at least he put on a pot of coffee before he left. Caroline grabbed a mug and filled it, turned on a pan of water to poach eggs, and made toast. She paused in the middle of preparing breakfast to smile, realizing she was making the same meal Benjamin had made for her the night she slept in the guest room. Her routine of fruit in the morning had been obliterated in a few short weeks. 
She stopped to send him a text: 
I miss you.

She debated what to do for the day; her appointment at the salon wasn’t until four but she needed to be at the apartment when her dress arrived. She determined she was pretty much stuck indoors until then. The housekeeper arrived at ten, greeting Caroline politely; it was clear Benjamin had informed the woman she would be there. After asking Caroline if there was anything she needed, she went about her routine as Caroline tried to determine the best place to stay out of her way.  She set up her computer on the unused dining table in the great room and worked through the rest of the morning and early afternoon, stopping long enough for a bite to eat. 
The door buzzed around one; it was Thomas, delivering Benjamin’s dry cleaning.
“Good day, Ms. Tate. It’s always a pleasure to see you,” he greeted her.
“Hello Thomas, how are you?”
“Very well, thank you. I need to put these items in Mr. Richardson’s closet.” He headed to the bedroom, returning momentarily. “Is there anything you need while I am here?”
“Oh, no. Thank you. I’m just at loose ends today. I am waiting on a delivery,” she looked at her watch, “and hoping they are coming soon.”
“For your event tonight? Mr. Richardson is looking forward to it. He tried his best to rearrange the interviews they had scheduled for him today. He hopes to arrive by nine.” Thomas made his goodbyes and headed back out the door as quickly as he came in.
About an hour later the dress arrived. The saleswoman who had taken care of her brought it herself, asking if she would mind trying it on to confirm the fit was correct. Caroline and the woman carried it to the guest room, where the other items she had gotten for the evening were stored. She slipped on the strappy sandals that went with it and slid the dress on. It was perfect. She spun around a few times, admiring herself in the mirror, imagining herself on the dance floor, and what Benjamin’s first impression would be when he saw her in it.
Caroline thanked her for the great fitting and beautiful dress as she walked her back out. She impatiently read a book as she waited to start her walk to the salon.
After taking a look at the photo of her dress the stylist recommended a loose updo with lots of big curls and waves, something elegant without being too stiff and formal. The same pink-haired young makeup artist from the previous visit was there. She immediately recognized Caroline, smiling and hugging her then dramatically squealing over the photo of the dress, promising she would look absolutely amazing by the time she was done with her.  
The makeup artist did not disappoint; Caroline looked and felt stunning as she left the salon. She took a taxi back to the apartment; it was a fairly easy walk for her, but she didn’t want to take the chance of either perspiring or having the unpredictable London rain destroying all the beautiful work the ladies had done.
After a light meal, she brushed her teeth and then went in the spare room and surveyed the accessories she had splayed out for review. She had bought a few special items for tonight – a lace bustier with an extra low back that matched the color of the dress, matching panties, and a sparkling necklace and earrings set that Helen insisted she needed. She slipped the undergarments on, taking a look in the mirror. She had to admit she looked smoking hot in the red. The dress slid on easily; she slipped the side zipper up and clipped the halter style straps behind her neck. The gown’s front slit went several inches above her knee, but the full skirt kept her covered unless she moved out from under it purposefully. After sliding on the high heeled sandals she checked herself again. She looked elegant and graceful – and sexy, very sexy - with the low cut front falling in gently gathered fabric just before the bustier’s edge.
The doorbell rang; Helen and Andrew were there to pick her up. She grabbed her wrap and purse and headed down to the lobby.

The large hall hosting the event was a picture of opulence; long, satin window treatments, crystal chandeliers, veils of white and gold fabric streaming in circular patterns across the ceilings, ice sculptures decorating the buffet tables, and beautiful, elegantly dressed people everywhere. Caroline was a little intimidated as they first entered, staying close to Helen. As they moved further into the hall, she was relieved to see Cecelia and Daniel. They were obviously friends with Andrew and Helen as well, greeting all three of them with hugs and kisses to the cheek.
“Caroline what a beautiful gown! You look absolutely radiant,” Daniel exclaimed as she gave her a peck before twirling her around by one hand, “I’ve missed my favorite dance partner.”
“Well, I’m not much of a ballroom dancer but I’m willing to give it a try,” she let him know.
Andrew offered to get them all drinks as Daniel insisted on taking Caroline to the dance floor. The small orchestra was playing a waltz, which she picked up fairly quickly, smiling brightly as Daniel led. He made it so easy to follow; despite her lack of experience she felt graceful moving across the floor. They were talking and laughing as they spun around until Daniel abruptly stopped; a gentleman had tapped his shoulder to cut in. Daniel looked at Caroline for approval, before passing her hand to a tall, grey haired, tuxedoed man with a close cut beard.
“Hello, my name is David.”
“I’m Caroline, nice to meet you,” she smiled back at him.
The gentleman began by telling her he was a local banker, then asking her about America and her visit to London. The music ended and he offered to get her a drink, which she politely declined, explaining that she was with friends who had a drink waiting for her.
“Then I hope I can have another dance later this evening,” he said as he kissed her hand and departed.
Wow, she thought, I didn’t see that coming. 
She walked back over to Helen and Andrew and her glass of wine. The five of them sat and ate together, switching to champagne as the evening went on. Daniel asked if she was ready to learn a new step and they headed back out. Within minutes of getting comfortable with the simple mambo he had taught her, a dark haired, clean cut man in his thirties cut in, asking permission to take her for a spin. Caroline blushed as Daniel smiled and passed her to the new partner; she wasn’t used to such attention. It was very flattering, but all she could think about was whether Benjamin would like what he saw.
The mambo proved much more active, and when this partner offered to retrieve a drink for her, she did not decline. He returned with a glass of white wine, obviously wanting to continue the conversation they had started on the dance floor. She politely indulged his questions on her sightseeing experience as several other men began to move into a circle around her. She found herself deluged as they each introduced themselves and what they did, giving opinions on the places she had visited, or making recommendations on other sites to see. Caroline sipped her wine, smiling and blushing slightly. The gentlemen seemed determined to out-do one another for her attention; she had no idea what to do or say.
A cool shudder went up the back of her neck; she turned around to see Benjamin at the far side of the hall near the entrance. He was looking for her, but either hadn’t located her yet or had not recognized her. His well-tailored tuxedo jacket, and long tie showed off his lean lines and made him look oh so elegant, sophisticated – and very sexy.
Caroline raised her hand slightly in the center of the circle around her, “Excuse me, gentlemen.”
She gracefully turned and began walking slowly to Benjamin. He passed over her twice before realizing it was her. As their eyes met Caroline felt warm all over and her heart began to beat faster. He stared at her, a slow smile spreading across his face, showing off the slight crinkles at the corners of his eyes that she found so intriguing. She watched his eyes grow dark and his face flush a little. It reminded her of the first time he looked at her, really looked at her, on the Eye.
“Good evening, Mr. Richardson. It’s nice of you to join us,” she greeted him as she approached.
“Good evening, Ms. Tate. I see you’ve had no lack of company while you were waiting.”
Caroline saw a flash cross his eyes as he said it; he had just realized that she was the woman in the red dress encircled by tuxedoes. Was he jealous? She smiled at him, coming close enough to run her fingers down his lapels.
“That doesn’t mean I wasn’t lonely. You are the only person I want to be with tonight.”
He grabbed her hands in each of his, and kissed her knuckles, “I’m glad to hear it. I have some stiff competition in that circle of yours.” He wrapped her right arm under his left and walked her back in, past the group of now-befuddled suitors, several who half-heartedly greeted him.
“Well now, there you are!” Andrew piped up as they joined the growing group; along with Cecelia and Daniel, Matthew and Rebecca were engaged in animated conversation with Helen. The gentlemen shook hands with Benjamin and he kissed the ladies on the cheek, making his apologies for being late.
“I have enjoyed dancing with Caroline immensely in your absence; she is very good,” Daniel let him know.
Helen piped up, “And she’s been noticed by several other men tonight Benjamin. You better stay close by or someone else will take your place.”
Benjamin smiled, “I will take your warning to heart Helen, and keep a close eye on her for the rest of the evening.” 
He turned to Caroline, “Shall we dance?” and led her by the hand to the dance floor. Another waltz was playing, this one slower than the one she had learned on with Daniel.
“I really am not very good. Daniel’s just trying to be polite.”
“You seem to know what you are doing,” He smirked. She wasn’t sure if he was talking about the dancing. “I didn’t think you could be more lovely until this dazzling beauty came walking up to me, taking my breath away, taking my arm tonight. You enchant me, Caroline Tate. I hate the idea of someone else in my place.” His eyes were so sincere, expressing love, longing, still dark, making her blush at their intent. It made her heart ache.
“No one could take your place Benjamin.”
He smiled, wrapping his arm tighter around her waist and spinning her as they danced. She couldn’t help laughing as he swept her around the dance floor. She was beautiful and in love and wanted to remember the moment clearly – the faces around them smiling as they watched, the other dancers twirling with them, his hand holding hers upright, his body warm and close, the smell of his cologne and champagne and flowers, always flowers; she knew the smell of roses would always remind her of Benjamin. No one tried to cut in on their dance.
Out of breath, they joined the group again to sit and refresh, Benjamin talking at length with Matthew as Helen and Cecelia brought Caroline in on a lively conversation about the latest gossip going on around the room. She learned that the benefit’s attendees included not only film industry moguls and celebrities but elected officials, billionaire businessmen and women, and a few members of the royal family, along with the bankers and such that she met earlier.
“Abigail is here as well,” Cecelia said in a low voice. Helen glowered and dropped her eyes at her, a clear signal to change the subject, but Caroline caught the look and was curious.
“Who is Abigail?”
“She’s a model love, who wants to be an actress but she doesn’t have the talent,” Helen responded, hoping that would be sufficient, but Cecelia’s love of gossip just couldn’t let it stop there.
“She and Benjamin dated briefly a few years ago. I think it was in the hopes he would pull some strings for her. She broke it off after three months when she didn’t see an audition go her way,” Cecelia added with a sly smile, “she’s right over there, by the bar, hanging on to that short, stocky gentleman.”
Caroline turned to see who they were talking about. Abigail was in her mid to late twenties and tall, perhaps even Benjamin’s height with heels on, thin, with small, perky breasts standing out from a silky silver gown that clung to her body. Her legs seemed to go on forever, showing a thigh through the very high slit; she knew how to both carry herself and stand to show off all of her assets. She was smiling and laughing, tossing her long, dark hair as she did. Caroline could feel a well of insecurity building; it had not occurred to her until that moment, looking at this vibrant magazine beauty, women half her age would be competing against her for Benjamin’s attention. She felt nauseous; perhaps it was the wine and champagne.
“Excuse me for a moment,” she said, moving quickly to the ladies’ room. She locked herself in a stall and leaned against the wall taking deep breaths. 
This is ridiculous, she thought, I’m having a panic attack over a woman I’ve never met, a woman Benjamin has never even mentioned. Didn’t Cecelia say it was years ago that they dated, and only for three months? I really need to get my shit together.
After a few more breaths she left the stall and went to the sink, washing her hands under cold water, taking a towel and patting her cheeks to cool them. She stood and looked at herself in the mirror, squaring her shoulders; she was not going to be intimidated by some model from the past.  She walked to the restroom door and stepped out, surprised to see Benjamin standing a few yards away with his back to her and supermodel Abigail beside him, smiling wide, showing off her perfect teeth. He said something that Caroline couldn’t hear and the leggy model laughed a little too much, a little too forced, saying something back to him. He smiled politely; she touched his arm and leaned in close to say something in his ear. He smiled politely again, taking a step back. As Abigail let her hand drop from his arm, Caroline found her courage and stepped toward them.
Benjamin saw her out of the corner of his eye and turned to her, “There you are. Are you feeling all right? Helen was worried about you,” he said, putting his arm around her.
“I’m fine. Are you going to introduce me?” Benjamin looked uncomfortable with the request but obliged.
“Caroline, this is Abigail Reed; Abigail, this is Caroline Tate.” The ladies shook hands, smiling at one another graciously. 
“Shall we return to our table?” He asked, not waiting for a reply as he gently led her away by the elbow.
“Why in such a hurry? Perhaps I want to get to know your friend,” she said, failing to hide her sarcastic tone.
“I think there are many other people you would enjoy the company of much more,” he replied coldly, annoyed at the entire drama.
Helen looked at her with concern in her eyes as they returned; Caroline took a seat, keeping her eyes lowered. She was angry, very angry, and not completely sure why. She knew if she looked at Helen she would want to take her aside; the last thing Caroline wanted was to cry in front of a ballroom full of strangers.
She looked at Benjamin; he was already in conversation with Matthew and Daniel again as if nothing had transpired. She softened; he no longer seemed disturbed by the scene at all. Perhaps he had brushed off the flirting as having no more value than lint on his jacket. He made eye contact with her and smiled, winking at her. It dissolved the rest of her trepidation in a moment. She looked at Helen and smiled, letting her know she was fine.
“How much longer would you like to stay?” Benjamin asked her a few minutes later.
“I’m ready to leave when you are.”
“If you don’t mind,” he said, kneeling down and whispering in her ear, “I would like to get you home and out of that dress.” She flushed, stood up and said her goodbyes to everyone, then took his arm. It took several minutes to exit the ballroom as Benjamin said his goodbyes to everyone he knew, which felt like half of the room. They were greeted at the exit by flashes of light, paparazzi taking photographs, and screaming fans. He politely waved as they moved forward into the waiting sedan. Charles sped off as soon as their doors closed.
“Did you enjoy your formal event in London?” he asked.
“I did. It’s fun to get dressed up once in a while. I wouldn’t want to wear this daily.”
He cupped her cheek in his hand, “Did I tell you how breathtakingly beautiful you are tonight?”
“Yes, I think you did on the dance floor.”
“Good.” He kissed her gently, just brushing his lips on hers, leaning back again to look in her eyes, “You were the most beautiful woman there tonight.”
“I don’t know about that,” she replied quietly.
He frowned, “Why do you doubt me? You had a swarm of men watching you all night, not only because you are beautiful but because you are graceful, confident, intelligent; you are the kind of woman any man with a bit of sense would want. And you are mine tonight.” He kissed her again, pressing his lips firmly on hers, gently parting them to explore her mouth with his tongue. She felt her body respond quickly, wanting more of him. They kissed again, backing down slowly. The ride to the flat seemed to take much longer than ten minutes.
Benjamin confirmed with Charles a pickup time of noon for the next day then walked her in and to the elevator. He ran his hand down her spine, along her bare back, to the bottom edge of the dress. She felt her skin tingle at the light touch.
They walked in to the flat, depositing her purse and his phone on the small dinette table. He grabbed her hand and walked her slowly through the dark hall to the bedroom. She felt her heartbeat begin to spike as they moved closer to the room. As blood began to rush to her skin, she became intensely aware of how sensitive she was to the dress and her undergarments now; the lace bustier and panties rubbed against her delicate areas in a pleasurable way that she hadn’t noticed before.
“Where is your bag?” He asked as they entered the room.
She took off the necklace and put it on the nightstand, saying, “I got ready in the spare room and needed a few things in it. I didn’t want you to see anything until tonight.”
He closed the door behind them and looked at her again. Even in the dark she could feel his eyes on her. It emboldened her; she was the one he wanted, not the twenty-something model. She wanted to give him as much pleasure as he had given her; her desire for him in that moment was stronger than any tendencies to be shy about it. He began to move toward her and she put her hand up.
“I want to do something different tonight,” she said breathily, “is that ok?”
His eyes lit up for a moment, “Yes, whatever you want. I am yours.”  She felt her heart leap in her chest at his response. That was all she really wanted, for him to be hers.
She led him to the end of the bed and knelt down to take off his shoes and socks as he stood in front of her. As she came back up to stand, he reached to embrace her; she grabbed his arms and held them to his side, kissing him lightly. She let his arms go after making it clear with her eyes they were to stay there. She slipped off his jacket, then his tie, letting them drop to the floor. She took off his cufflinks next, setting them on the bed stand. He watched her as she moved in her gown, unbuttoning his shirt, pulling it out of his trousers, then slowly down his arms and on to the floor. His eyes were burning into her, intrigued by her insistence not to touch her. She slid her thumbs under the hem of his t-shirt, letting them rub against his chest as she slid it up; he bent down slightly and raised his arms to help her take it over his head and off. He again tried to embrace her and again, she held his arms down, kissing him softly, pulling away when he tried for a deeper kiss. He was smiling, his eyes dancing with anticipation of what she was going to do next.
She watched his face as she slowly ran her hands down the front of his trousers. He was hard against her palm, ready, eager. She felt her face grow hot; she was a little in shock at herself, acting and feeling so brazen, so bold. Her hands began to shake slightly as she undid his trousers and slipped her fingers under the band of his boxers, sliding both down at once. He lifted each foot to remove the last of his clothing, standing naked in front of her. She placed her hands on his chest, pushing him back until he was sitting in the chair at the foot of the bed.
She stood in front of him and slowly unzipped the side of her dress before unfastening the hook at the back of her neck; the dress slid down her front and off of her hips easily. She took off each of her sandals and stood before him in the dark red bustier and matching lace panties. She remembered thinking when she bought them how wanton they made her look and feel. His eyes roamed up and down her now, letting her know the outfit was having the same effect on him. He was gripping the arms of the chair; she had the impression he was holding himself down to keep from springing on her.
She leaned over him, her hands on top of his on the arms of the chair, and kissed him lightly, then deeply, dancing around one another’s tongue; Caroline felt her body clench deep within. She pulled back and looked in his eyes, lifting a hand to run it through his hair.
“Do you remember our first night together?” she whispered to him.
“Yes,” he breathed back to her.
“You asked me to tell you how to please me.”
“Yes.”
“I want you to tell me how to please you, Benjamin.”
He stared into her eyes, “You always please me, Caroline.”
“That’s not what I mean.” She kissed him again, “Tell me what to do.”
She saw the light shift in his eyes as he realized what she wanted. He watched her face again.
She stood over him, waiting, “Please. Tell me what to do, Benjamin.” 
“Kiss me.”
She kissed him again, first lightly, then passionately, leaning over him, until he began to pull away.
“My neck.”
He turned his face as she placed kisses down his jaw and throat, moaning as she moved slowly to his clavicle and around, back up the other side of his neck and jaw.
“God, Caroline, let me touch you?”
“Not yet. Tell me what to do.”
 “My chest.”
She knelt down and between his legs as she leaned forward. She ran her hands down his chest as she followed with her mouth, kissing and nipping at him; she could feel his erection rubbing against the lace on her belly, almost between her breasts. She spun her tongue around his nipples, making him groan with pleasure at the sensation of her touch. She felt her body responding to every sound he made. She wanted to keep moving, begging him in her mind to ask her to. He no longer needed pushed into instructing her.
 “Put it in your mouth.”
She moved, positioning herself over his full arousal. She ran her hands up and down his bare thighs as she licked his soft, moist tip. Benjamin gasped. She licked him again, then took him in her mouth and began to suck gently, wrapping one hand around his base as the other continued to run up and down his thigh. He put his hands in her hair, removing the pins holding it up; she could feel the large curls fall around her face and down her back. When the pins were all out, he buried his fingers in her hair, as she began to suck harder. She could hear him breathing hard, felt his thigh become taut under her hand; his hips began to move with her mouth. His hands pushed her head down, putting him deeper and deeper in her mouth, speeding the rhythm, until he gasped and moaned, holding her head in place as she continued to suck and swallow his climax.
She lifted her head to look at him with dark eyes and flush face, still wanting more of him; his eyes were wide in awe of her, his breath still quick and heavy.
“Take off the rest. I want to look at you.”
She stood up in front of him and began unhooking the front of the bustier first, letting it fall off in front of him, then bent down slowly to slide the panties down her legs and step out of them. He leaned forward and ran a finger down her hip as he looked her up and down.
“Lie down on the bed.”
She crawled up the bed as she watched him over her shoulder. His muscles were still tight and alert; he looked like an animal ready to pounce on his prey. She lay down on her back, waiting. She began to shiver, anticipating what he wanted next, wanting to give it to him, wanting to please him, wanting to show him in this carnal way how much she desired him and his touch.
A moment later, he lay down on his side, his head supported by one hand, looking at her. He ran his finger lightly down her arm.
“Are you cold?” he asked, feeling her shudder.
She whispered, “No. I’m waiting.”
He smiled, speaking in that warm, creamy voice of his, “Waiting for more instructions?”
“Yes.”
“Perhaps I should tell you what I’m going to do to you instead.” 
Caroline caught her breath. She hadn’t thought of him turning the tables on her.
“I want this to be a night of pleasure for you, Benjamin.”
“Caroline, giving you pleasure does please me; you have no idea how it makes me feel when I see you give in to yourself.” He dropped light kisses down her shoulder as his finger continued to run down her arm.
“Has anyone ever talked to you during sex?” he asked her quietly. 
“No,” she replied in barely a whisper.
“Do you like the idea?”
“Yes.” She felt herself blush at the admittance. Benjamin smiled.
“Do you want flowery words or something a little more direct?”
“I don’t know,” she said shyly.
He kissed her shoulder and neck, pushing her hesitancy, “I think you do; what do you hear when you fantasize?” 
She felt her face flush hot again; how would he know to ask that? She didn’t answer.
“Caroline, you’re not a bad person because you like something a little erotic. Did you feel dirty just now, giving me pleasure?”
“No,” she admitted quietly.
“I love you. You asked me to tell you what I want; I want to fulfill your fantasy.”
Caroline looked at him, her body begging her to answer, her insecurity putting a lump in her throat. He kissed her gently.
“I fantasize about someone talking dirty to me,” she whispered. The words were out before she could think twice about it. Benjamin smiled at her hesitant face.
“Trust me.” He ran a finger down the side of her face then kissed her again, softly. He moved himself over her to kiss her deeply, filling her mouth with his tongue, leaving her breathless as he moved down her neck. She wrapped one arm around his back; the fingers of her free hand buried in his hair. He began to talk between the kisses and light bites as he moved down her neck and chest.
“You taste so good. So sweet, so salty. All of you tastes good, smells good.”
He reached back up and kissed her passionately again, “Especially your mouth, after I’ve cum  inside it.” Caroline felt her loins jump at his words. He continued his descent down her neck toward her breasts, talking to her.
“I love the way your nipples react to me.” He glided his tongue around one as his hand massaged and gently twisted the other, “You have the most gorgeous breasts. I’m going to cum between them one day.”
“Oh, Benjamin,” she exclaimed as he continued sucking; she could feel it all the way down her body, making her back begin to arch.
“Not yet, sweet, salty Caroline,” he instructed her, “I’m not ready for you to cum yet. I want to be fucking you hard when you do.”
He moved down to her abdomen, running his hands down her sides, kissing the tiny stretch marks left so many years ago by Marie, diving his tongue into her navel. She groaned; she never expected her body to respond so strongly to such a simple touch.
“Oh, yes, that’s it,” he whispered, “You want this, don’t you?”
“Yes,” she whispered back to him.
He slid two fingers inside of her, making her gasp.
“Do you like that, Caroline, my fingers fucking you?”
“Yes.”
“I want to put my mouth on you.”
“Yes.”
“Tell me want you want me to do next.”
“Lick me.” Caroline felt as if she was watching someone else’s experience; she was astonished at his willingness to say the things he was saying to her, shocked at the words coming out of her own mouth in response.
He pushed her legs apart roughly with his arms and leaned in, his tongue dancing around her clitoris. Caroline cried out as he touched her; she felt everything, everywhere; the huge wave of her orgasm was coming in, preparing to crash on her, on him. 
“Tell me when you are close. I want to fuck you while you cum.” He buried his mouth on her again, his fingers still moving in and out of her. Everything in her began to tighten, all of her senses focused on the intense pleasure he was giving her. It was only a few more moments before she forced herself to stop him.
“Stop, Benjamin, I can’t hold it anymore.”
He stopped his mouth, breathing hard, stopping the progress of her climax. He climbed up the bed in record speed, kissing her roughly; she could taste herself in his mouth.
“You taste so good, Caroline.”
He grabbed his pillow, lifting her hips swiftly and sliding it under her. He kissed her again before moving down her neck, running his hands up and down her breasts and body.
“Tell me you want me to, Caroline,” he taunted her.
“I want you.”
“Tell me you want me to fuck you.”
“Fuck me, Benjamin, please, oh God,” she cried out to him.
Benjamin spread her legs wide and pulled her knees up with his hands, plunging into her, deep and hard, making her cry out. He began moving in and out of her at a slow, steady pace; she could feel the wave coming again, tormenting her.
“Faster, oh please, faster.”
“Your pussy is so wet and hot. I could fuck you all night.”
Her heartbeat jumped at his words. She watched him moving over her, his fiery gaze, his mouth open; her mind was overwhelmed with the sensation of his touch and power and rhythm. He began to speed up in earnest, her hips rocking back and forth against his, faster and faster for her.
“Harder,” she begged him, “don’t stop.”
He grabbed her hips, slamming their bodies together, ramming into her. Caroline cried out loudly as her climax crashed hard on her in wave after wave of exquisite ecstasy. She heard Benjamin call out her name as he crashed into the wave as well, pounding into her thrice more, before collapsing on her.
They lay like that for several moments, breathing hard, their bodies still connected. Benjamin finally lifted himself onto one hand to look at her, caressing her face with the other. They were both damp with sweat, still breathing hard.
“Did you enjoy that?”
Caroline smiled broadly, “Yes seems insufficient. I think my legs are still quaking.” 
He laughed and bent down to kiss her, before sliding out of her and to the side. Caroline scrambled the sheets down and climbed under them.  He joined her, wrapping his arm under her in the middle of the bed as he lay on his back, her head on his shoulder, running her fingers down his chest.
“Was it as good as your fantasy?”
“Are you kidding?” she laughed, “I thought I was going to float out of my skin.”
“Good,” he sighed, sounding relieved, “I haven’t done than before.”
Caroline was stunned. She sat up, looking in his eyes, “Really?  I figured you talked dirty to plenty of women. I thought that’s why you asked me.”
He looked hurt, “Caroline, I’ve never felt comfortable enough with anyone to ask before. I just guessed because it was so difficult for you to talk to me that first time.”
“You were willing to show me, though,” he smiled, “I remember that.”
 She smiled back at him, “Yes, that first night was really nice, wasn’t it?” she said as she curled against his chest again.
“When you invited me up to your flat, I wasn’t sure what to expect. I didn’t want to assume anything. I just knew I wanted to spend more time with this fantastic, beautiful woman, even if that meant nothing more than a glass of wine and talking,” He ran his free hand through his hair, cradling the back of his head with his hand, “My God, when you stripped and climbed up those stairs… I think I went into a state of shock.”
Caroline lay wrapped in his arm, smiling at the memory. She pushed back the nagging voice in her head, counting down the days left in front of her. 
“I was already falling in love with you then, Caroline.” He kissed the top of her head and rubbed his hand up and down her back, “So, do you have any other fantasies I can fulfill for you?” 
“Yes,” she admitted.
“Really?” He shifted, surprised or intrigued, she wasn’t sure which.
“But not tonight. Let me enjoy this one for a while longer.”

25

The clock read nine fifteen when Caroline awoke.  She had slept heavily, spent after the night before. She stretched and wrapped her arm around Benjamin, pressing her body against his back as he slept on his side, away from her. He began to stir, grabbing her hand on his chest and kissing it.
“Good morning, sweet, salty Caroline.”
“Good morning.”
“What time is it?”
“Almost nine-thirty.”
“Plenty of time,” he replied, rolling over on his side to face her, grabbing her and pulling her close against him as he kissed her. She could still smell herself on his face. He was already erect, ready for her.
“Do you always wake up this happy to see me?” she asked breathlessly, gently stroking him with her hand between their bodies. He closed his eyes as she did.
“Yes, I do. I would gladly wake you up every morning with this if I didn’t think you would be angry with me.” 
“I do like my sleep,” she smiled, “but I think I was awake first today.”
He kissed her hungrily, moving his hand down between her legs.
“You’ve been thinking about this; you’re already wet,” he breathed into her ear.
Caroline moaned as he put his fingers inside her then ran them back up to her sweet spot, circling slowly.
“I’m not finished with you, Caroline,” he responded, working his slow, effective fingers again, kissing her neck.
She moved his arm out of the way and climbed on him, sliding onto him. She gave him her most seductive look, eyes half open, lips parted in a salicious smile. 
He smiled unabashedly back at her, “What have I created?”
She leaned over him, planting her hands on either side of his head, “I love the way you feel inside of me. I didn’t want to wait for it.”
She closed her eyes and concentrated on moving herself slowly around on him, her body growing taut inside. She opened her eyes to Benjamin watching her, his eyes dark and wide, his lips apart. He pushed his upper body up into a sitting position, crossing his legs under her, lifting her slightly so she could wrap her legs around him. They rocked slowly back and forth, watching each other, breathing together. It was sweet and honest, wrapped around one another, feeling their bodies slightly part and then come back together in the most intimate way. They moved like that for a long time; Caroline felt overwhelmed with the sense of intimacy it filled her with. He picked her up and gently placed her body under his, kissing her softly as he moved slowly in and out of her. Caroline gasped as the slow roll of multiple orgasms wash over her then Benjamin’s as he shuddered inside her and relaxed on her, his face on her shoulder as she stroked his back with her fingertips. They lay there in silence.
Benjamin moved off of her suddenly, getting out of the bed and going into the bathroom without saying a word. After a few minutes, Caroline began to worry something was wrong; he had never simply gotten up without a word after their lovemaking. When he finally returned to the bed, he lay down on his back, staring at the ceiling. She turned on her side, watching him, wondering what was going on.
He finally broke the silence, “I don’t want you to go.”
She gasped, dumbfounded, trying to process his words.
“I don’t want you to go, Caroline. I don’t want to lose you.”
She paused. “I don’t know what to say.”
He turned on his side toward her, “Say you’ll stay in London, with me.” His eyes were desperate and pleading with her. She felt the tears begin to well up in her eyes.
“I have to go home, Benjamin. I have responsibilities there that I can’t take care of here.”
“How long do you need?”
“I don’t know, a month at least, I don’t know. I own three businesses. I have dogs, property - I can’t just abandon everything.”
His eyes were filled with heartbreak; she couldn’t bear to look at him.  She closed her eyes as the tears began to flow freely. He reached over and pulled her close, wrapping his arms around her as she sobbed on his chest.
“Will you come back to me, Caroline?” he asked as she quieted down, “Say you’ll come back to me.”
“Yes. Yes, I’ll come back to you,” she replied, raising her face to him as he wiped away her tears with his thumbs, kissing her.
“A month, no more than two. I’ll be in L.A. by then; we can find a way to be together there if not before.”
“Are you sure that’s what you want?” she asked quietly, “We haven’t even known each other a whole month.”
He held her red, wet face between his hands, “I have never wanted anything so much in my life.”

Caroline was out of the shower first, wrapping her hair in a towel and drying herself off before putting on the plush, white bathrobe Benjamin had bought her a week before and kept on a hook in the bathroom. She looked at herself in the mirror before brushing her teeth; her eyes were swollen and still a little red from the morning. They didn’t accurately reflect the buoyancy of her spirit. Benjamin didn’t want this to end. It was more than she had allowed herself to wish for, although the thought had crept into her dreams over and over. So many uncertainties lay in front of her now. She had resigned herself to a painfully broken heart at the end of this journey and nothing more. Now, the entire world was full of possibilities, a blank page with only one word written on it – Benjamin. Her belly was turning with anticipation. 
She walked to the spare room to get dressed since all of her clothes were still in there from the day before, along with her makeup and hair items. She slipped on a pair of beige panties and matching bra, jeans, and her white button-down shirt, along with her wedge sandals. She pulled her wet hair up in a simple ponytail, and put some makeup on to try to hide the puffy eyes. Her cheeks were already rosy, her lips swollen from Benjamin’s amorous shower ruckus; he was more than exuberant at her agreement to find a way to return to him. She smiled as she put some lip gloss on, thinking of what they had released in each other the night before. It had been…a wow kind of night.
She walked to the kitchen and put the coffee on, then looked in the fridge for breakfast. It was after eleven and Benjamin would be leaving soon for his meeting, one of the biggest meetings of his career. The rigorous sex in the shower had not quieted his excitement but allowed him to focus on it; she wondered how much the uncertainty of their relationship had been distracting him from other things.  He rattled on to her as they finished their shower about what this contract meant, one that could elevate him to worldwide fame and open up opportunities to pick and choice what projects he wanted to do in the future. 
She cut up some fruit and started on some toast, grabbing a pad of paper and a pen to make a short list of items to pick up. Benjamin’s phone buzzed on the table with a text. She didn’t know if it could be important or about his meeting, so she picked it up to take it to him, glancing down at the screen as she walked to the bedroom:

Dinner on the 2nd works – Marison’s – see you at 8 :)
Angela

Caroline stopped in mid-step, her heart in her throat. For a second, she couldn’t breathe. She read the text again. And again.  A wave of nausea took hold of her as she stood in the hallway; she swallowed it down, feeling the muscles tense in the depths of her belly. Her heart pounded and her face grew hot. Tears welled up but she refused to let them overtake her. A hot wave of anger and hurt and betrayal swept over her instead as she walked into the bedroom, to Benjamin, dressed in a grey suit, adjusting his tie, smiling at her.
She lost what little composure she had, throwing the phone at him.
“You son of a bitch. I’m not even out of the country yet; you couldn’t at least wait until I leave to arrange a date with someone else? How could you? God, and I believed you, I believed you this morning, all that shit, all that talk about wanting me to come back to you. God, you are one helluva actor, aren’t you,” Caroline screamed, her fury and pain leaving him shocked and momentarily speechless.
He picked up the phone and saw the text, “Caroline, it’s not what it looks like.”
“It’s dinner, two days after I’m gone, with a supermodel, Benjamin. What the fuck else could it be?”
Caroline stormed back down the hall to the kitchen, her face on fire, her heart racing, a lump in her throat threatening to break her into a sobbing mess any second. Benjamin came running after her.
“Caroline, stop this, it’s a business dinner, that’s all. I wouldn’t do that to you.” Benjamin reached out to touch her face; she backed up and turned away, then ran to the spare room, locking the door behind her. She refused to let him see her cry.
Benjamin tried the door, banging on it, “Dammit, Caroline, open the door.”
The view from this bitter betrayal overcame her senses, “Is that why you didn’t want me to talk to her? Because I would find out? I saw you flirting with her at the gala. I tried to convince myself it was nothing. Oh God, how could I be so stupid?” A sob escaped before she could choke it down. She didn’t want him to know how devastatingly broken and foolish she felt. She had believed it, all of it, because she wanted to, not because it was real. And the truth was right in front of her – she was merely a distraction for him, an amusement.
“Caroline, please, please, open the door,” Benjamin begged her, “I want to explain this to you. It is not a date; I would never do that to you. I love you. Open the door.”
Caroline looked at her clock by the bed. It was almost noon. As if on cue, the doorbell rang to let Benjamin know that Charles had arrived to take him to the meeting.
“Caroline, I have to go. I need you to believe me. I will explain everything when I get home. I will come back as soon as I can.” She could hear him standing on the other side of the door, waiting for her to respond, to open it, yell at him, do something. The door buzzer rang again. He slowly walked away, and she heard the front door open and shut.
She began grabbing her things from around the room, throwing them in her case as the tears streamed down her face in hot lines of anguish. She opened the door and walked down the hallway to retrieve her toiletries from Benjamin’s bathroom, taking them back to the case. When she was sure she had everything she called a taxi. She patted her face in the mirror with a cold, wet washcloth, squared her shoulders, grabbed her bag and walked out the door.

The first thing she noticed as she walked into the flat was the neglected, wilted roses on the desk, haloed by the light coming in the window. 
They look like I feel, she thought. She had cried herself out during the taxi ride, feeling slightly sorry for the poor driver as he kept glancing nervously at her.
She dropped her bag under the stairs and stripped down. She wanted another shower, hoping the hot water would sooth her aching head and heart. She stepped into the tiny space, letting the cascade wash down her face. The smell of her own shampoo and body wash betrayed her, reminding her of the morning with Benjamin in the flat, when he had pulled her into the shower in her robe. He smelled of lilacs then. She stood there until her fingers were wrinkled, until the last of the tears finally dried up. She was exhausted, emotionally and physically.
Grabbing her towel, she dried her hair quickly, then her body, throwing the towel on the floor of the bathroom before grabbing her phone and walking over to climb up the stairs to the bed’s loft. She pulled out a drawer of the tiny dresser, grabbing a pair of black panties and a matching bra and slipping them on as she sat on the mattress. She curled up on her side, not wanting to think, not wanting to do anything, overlooking her little flat, the tiny dinette, the sofa, the little desk just big enough for her now sad, limp roses in their oversized pitcher. Glancing at her phone, she found several texts from Benjamin; she refused to read them and put the phone down on the bed behind her. She starred at the roses, feeling small and very alone. She looked out the window past the roses, watching cars drive by. She gazed back at the desk again, at the pitcher, wondering why the water looked so dirty. 
She noticed the tall bottle of brown liquid just behind the pitcher of roses, and froze. The closet door creaked behind her.

Caroline sprang up from the bed toward the stairs; she felt a sharp pain as someone grabbed her hair and jolted her body back onto the mattress. Her assailant was on top of her, a knee immobilizing her legs at the thigh, hands pinning her forearms down beside her head.
“Hello, Caroline! I’ve missed you,” John seethed at her, his eyes dark, his lips curled up in a cruel smile, “Where have you been?”
“How did you get in here?” she asked him, trying to keep her wits about her as her heart began to race. The intense fear was hard to push aside; she needed to think, think.
He sneered.  In a perfect impression of her southern drawl, he replied, “I told Mr. Baker I was your brother joining you on your vacation. He was kind enough to let me in.”
He looked her up and down, and she remembered with horror that all she had on was her bra and panties. He smiled lasciviously, licking his lips.
“It’s about time for this, don’t you think, Caroline? You’ve kept me waiting long enough. I suspect you’ve been showing Benji a good time, though, haven’t you? Perhaps we should send him a photo, commemorating the occasion.” He pulled her hands together, grabbing her wrists with one massive hand, her phone with the other, leaning his head beside hers to take a photo.
“I’m sure he will enjoy getting that,” John declared as he sent the photo off. Caroline felt the panic begin to spread in her again; what would Benjamin think of the photo? Would he think she had run to John as a sort of revenge against him? Or would he realize she was in danger?
“Let’s give us a kiss then,” he whispered. His hot breath soured by the whiskey made her feel nauseous; she turned her head. He threw the phone behind him and grabbed her jaw tightly, forcing her face around to him, thrusting his tongue in her mouth too deep, until she could hardly breathe.
Coming up again, he threatened her, “Better cooperate Caroline, or this will be a lot harder on you than it is on me.” He leaned in again and this time, Caroline had a plan. She didn’t resist. She forced herself to accept his acrid tongue; he let go of her jaw, moving his hand down to her bra, squeezing her breast roughly. Caroline let it continue until she was sure he thought she was responding to him – then pulled her tongue back and bit him, hard, not letting go until she could taste the saltiness of blood. He screamed and pulled away from her, his hands to his mouth; she pushed him off of her and bounded for the stairs, flying down them as fast as she could, running the short distance to the door. She pulled the handle; he slammed into her hard, ramming her forehead against the closed door. She was light-headed now, her legs weak from the spike of adrenaline, and she could feel warm ooze falling down the side of her head. He spun her around, pressing his body against her, his hands on her wrists, immobilizing her. Blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth; his eyes were ablaze with fury and his sick arousal.
“You bitch!” he screamed at her, bloody spittle flying in her face, “You like to bite, do you? Well, how do you like it?” He bit her hard on the shoulder, drawing blood, as she screamed in pain and fear. He grabbed her by her hair, and dragged her, bent over, to one of the dinette chairs, forcing her to sit.
“I gave you a chance Caroline. But you fucked it up. Stay in that chair.” His threatening tone left her frozen in place. He walked back to the desk, retrieving the large, half-empty bottle of liquor, and back to her.
“You need a drink, bitch. Open your mouth.”
Caroline stared at him, but didn’t move. She needed to think straight, to find a way to get away from here. He grabbed her by the jaw, squeezing hard, forcing her mouth open then pouring the burning fluid down her throat. He let her go and she spat what was left in her mouth at him. He roared at her, his rage boiling over, as he slugged her on the left side of her face full force, knocking her onto the floor, on her hands and knees. The pain made her head spin, and she tottered on all fours, willing herself not to pass out.
He screamed at her, “Why are you making me do this Caroline?” The blood from his mouth was a ghoulish, thin red beard now, dripping onto his shirt.
He grabbed her hair again, forcing her to crawl over to the desk. Caroline could feel the hot tears begin to pour again; she whimpered as she crawled, not knowing what was next, afraid of more pain, or worse. She watched him out of the corner of her eye pick up the pitcher of roses from the table then lead her by the hair back to the center of the room. She sat back on her ankles as he let her hair go, unable to stay up on her knees. 
He placed the pitcher beside her, kneeling down, his raspy voice in her ear, “I want you to prepare our bed, Caroline. Rose petals are romantic, aren’t they? Scatter them all over the floor for me.”
He stood back up as she grabbed a blossom, pulling the loose, wilted petals off the first rosebud, throwing them on the floor. She now knew what he was going to do and there was nothing she could do about it. She felt a numbness begin to spread over her mind and body as she grabbed one rose blossom after another, pulling them apart, throwing the petals over the rug, smelling the fading scent of the roses mixed with the fading scent of her lilac shampoo, and her tears streamed down her face as she thought of all the lovely memories those scents were supposed to be, of Benjamin and a new life, and fulfilling Marie’s dream that had somehow become her own dream, and now it was all fucked up, all fucked up. She had been a fool believing in a dream that was now a nightmare. She loved him still, even knowing she had only been a plaything to him, but it was the best weeks of her life, and now she was going to be raped by a man she once knew as a friend on top of Benjamin’s roses.
She pulled the last blossom apart, spreading the petals on the rug, and waited.
“About time you did something right,” John seethed at her. She stared at the petals on the floor; she could hear him taking a gulp from the whiskey bottle, wondering in the back of her mind how he could stand the searing liquor on his wounded tongue, guessing that he was too drunk to feel it or at least not care anymore. 
Perhaps I should have swallowed the nasty stuff, she thought as she tried to prepare herself for his assault, perhaps I would feel the same relief.
He put his shoe in the middle of her back, pushing her forward, placing his foot heavy on her so she was flat on the ground. She turned her head and watched him. He stared coldly back at her, no longer smiling, as he pulled his shirt over his head.
“Roll over,” he demanded as he removed his foot from her back. She rolled onto her back, her knees twisted to the side and squeezed tightly together. 
“Please don’t do this John,” she whispered, “You don’t have to do this.” 
For a brief moment, a look passed across his eyes, as if her plea had been heard by the John she met on that first day, the one that made her laugh at his stories, but the next second returned it the monster that was now standing over her, cold, cruel, smiling again at her obvious pain and fear, enjoying her weakened state.
“Oh, I’m going to do this, Caroline. You should have let me do it the first time I asked you. But you decided to fuck someone else.”
He pushed her knees straight down with his hands then sat, straddling her hips. He was heavy on her, too heavy; the pressure hurt, leaving her immobile. He leaned over her body, his hands on the floor above her shoulders, running his face up and down her chest, smelling her. She felt the nausea begin to build again. The numbness was beginning to fade as her heart began to race in panic and fear again. 
He leaned over her face; she felt blood drip onto her cheek from his chin. He bent down to whisper in her ear.
“I’m going to give you want you need, Caroline, like I promised when you refused me last time; and then I’m going to send you to your precious Marie.”
Caroline’s eyes grew wide in horror. Her heart and head pounded as realization of what he said took hold. Memories began flashing through her mind – her parents taking her on vacation to the beach, Marie the day she was born, taking her to Disneyworld, flashes of her husband, Marie’s graduation, the news of the accident, getting on the plane, meeting Benjamin, the kiss on the Eye, making love to him, Benjamin, she didn’t want to die, she wanted to find out why, why…
 He lifted himself off of her to remove her panties and Caroline saw her last chance. She fought him, kicking and punching, screaming, moving so he couldn’t get on top of her again. She kicked him hard in the chest, tumbling him backwards, and she turned over onto her hands and knees, crawling as fast as she could to the door, still wobbly from the blow to her head. It wasn’t fast enough; she felt the swift kick to her side and toppled over, grabbing at her ribs. He was on top of her again, his hands around her throat. She couldn’t breathe. She punched at his arms, but his grip became tighter; his eyes were dark and cruel, angry and ready to take her life from her. She felt herself fading, the memories floating past again, with Benjamin at the front of all of them. As she lost herself to John’s murderous rage, she saw a flash of light and dreamed she could hear Benjamin’s voice, pleading with her…
“Come back to me, Caroline, please don’t leave me.”


26

Pain was the first thing she was aware of. Pain and bright light. The mask over her face. Dry throat. Stiffness. Cold.
She tried to move and felt a dull ache on her side. She wrapped her arm around herself and felt padding around her. Bandages? She didn’t know.
An older woman with short, gray hair in blue scrubs appeared, looking behind Caroline’s head at the wall of beeping monitors, before realizing she was awake. She smiled gently at her.
“Caroline? It’s good of you to join us, dear.”
Caroline blinked. She put her hand up to push the mask out of the way.
“Let me help you with that,” the smiling nurse offered, removing the mask for her. She pushed buttons on the rail to bring Caroline’s head up, so she could sit upright, “How are you feeling?”
“Sore,” she croaked then whispered, “My throat hurts. Can I have some water?”
“How about some ice chips?”
“Yes. And I’m cold.”
The nurse smiled, “I’ll get you another blanket. You have a visitor; do you feel up to it?”
Caroline shook her head, as the nurse smiled again and left the room. A moment later, the door flew open as Benjamin ran in. She felt her heart leap into her throat at the sight of him.
He stood beside her bed, his hands on the rail; he looked tired, terribly tired, and sad. She felt the tears well up in her eyes.
He bent down, his thumb wiping the tears off her face, as he kissed her forehead, “Caroline, please don’t cry. You’re safe now. I’m not going anywhere.” His words both comforted and broke her; she held onto her side as the racking sobs made her ribs ache.
He stroked her hair as he continued to wipe away her tears until she was spent. He walked over to the sink and grabbed a box of tissues as the nurse returned with a pitcher of ice chips and a blanket. She handed the pitcher to Benjamin in a matter-of-fact manner and then carefully tucked the blanket around Caroline.
The nurse spoke to Benjamin directly, “Give her one spoonful at a time. I’ll be back in a bit,” and promptly left.
They looked at each other in silence. An uncomfortable barrier was still between them. He scooped up some ice and offered it to her. She accepted it, grateful for the coolness on her raw throat. She could think of only one thing to say to him.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
“Caroline,” Benjamin began, halting as if trying to find the words, “I thought I lost you.”
Caroline gazed at him in stunned silence. She could see him struggling; his eyes met hers and they pleaded with her, for relief from this burden he was carrying.
She reached up and touched his arm, still holding the pitcher as if he had forgotten they were there.
“Can I have more ice?” she whispered, her throat too sore and dry to give her voice.
He scooped out a spoonful and put it in her mouth. She sucked on the chips, relishing the relief, while she tried to sort out what he was saying and how to respond.
“I’m not sure what I can say to you, to convince you, of how much I love you. If I could take back that stupid fight, I would. I have never been so hurt as when you accused me of lying to you, using you as a distraction, I…”
He looked down at the pitcher as if for reassurance, and paused to take a deep breath before continuing, “And then, when I got the photo to my phone, and saw you, and realized you were in danger, my God, I…”
He stood there, silently. She watched as his face told her he was reliving that horrible moment.
“Benjamin, I can’t compete with a twenty-something supermodel. I was scared. I was angry, and jealous. But I didn’t give you the chance to explain. I’m sorry,” she whispered.
He gave her another spoonful as he replied, “The easy part is explaining to you that Angela had asked me to meet with her on an awareness campaign for the children’s hospital. The dinner was to discuss ideas, with several other people there,” he paused, “If you were going to be here, I would have included you.
“The harder part is determining why you think you have any reason to be scared or angry or jealous of another woman around me.”
Caroline looked away from him at this. How could she convey to him her insecurity - that at some point a dazzling actress, or supermodel, or whatever, would be more appealing to him?
He touched her chin with his fingers, gently guiding her eyes back to his, “I have a beautiful, intelligent, successful woman in love with me. I don’t want anyone else. The fact is I work in a world of attractive people. That’s part of my career. You are the one I want. I just need to know that you want me too; even after the past couple of days.” The past couple of days? He saw the confusion on her face. 
“Caroline, it’s Friday night. You arrived at the hospital yesterday afternoon.”
She suddenly felt very afraid, “I’ve been unconscious a whole day? Where’s John? Did he…?” she couldn’t bear to say it. Panic started to rise in her gut.
“John is under police guard in another part of the hospital. He cannot hurt you. There is a security guard outside your door as well, to keep away, well, anyone that doesn’t belong.”
She looked at him blankly, not understanding what he was trying to tell her. He sighed.
“The press; they know who you are now, and they know about the attack. Some photographers have been trying to get in the hospital to take photos of you. Monsters...”
Caroline gently rolled herself onto her side toward Benjamin, drawing her knees in. She whispering, “Did he rape me?” She felt ashamed and vulnerable; she couldn’t remember anything past John’s hands on her throat, and the feeling of life slipping away from her.
Benjamin’s eyes softened, wanting to give her comfort. He leaned over her, his forehead on hers, stroking her hair, “No, my love, he didn’t. He was stopped before he could. He won’t be hurting anyone again for a very long time.” 
She sighed deeply as she felt the panic subside and her body relax, knowing this one bit of good news in what was now an abhorrent memory. All she wanted now was to focus on the fact that Benjamin was here and still wanted her. The dream was real after all.
She turned her face to look into his eyes, reaching a hand up to stroke his cheek; he hadn’t shaved in a few days from the stubble. She lifted her chin and he met her kiss, gently, and a new flow of tears began again, cascading down the sides of her face.
“Why are you crying?” he asked, his expression both concerned and sincere.
“I’m overwhelmed. That you love me.”
He stroked her hair, kissing her again. A light rap at the door was followed by the nurse entering.
“There are two police detectives outside, Caroline,” her gentle smile and voice was soothing, “they would like to speak to you, now that you are awake. Do you feel up to it?”
“You should talk to them, Caroline,” Benjamin encouraged her, “while everything is still fresh in your memory. You will probably have to tell it more than once, I’m afraid. I’ll wait outside.” 
She didn’t want him to leave; she grasped his hand as he went to walk toward the door with the nurse.
“It will be fine. Just tell them everything you remember. I will be right outside the door,” he reassured her with a tight smile.
The men entered in dark grey suits and ties, not quite matching, one of them looking friendly and chipper, the other rather serious with a notepad and pen at the ready. They stood at the end of her bed, politely introducing themselves; the friendlier one had a thick, unusual accent (Welsh, maybe), and asked her to recall what happened in her flat the day before. Whispering, Caroline started from the moment she entered her door, recalling every detail she could, as she wiped away the occasional tear as she relived it in her mind and sipped on more ice, until finally arriving at John’s attempt to suffocate her in his rage. The men paused, waiting. She just stared back at them, not sure what more they wanted.
“Is that all you remember, Ms. Tate?” the friendly looking one asked her.
“Yes detective. I thought I was dying. The next thing I remember is waking up here.”
“You never saw Mr. Richardson enter the flat?” the note taker asked in a monotone, briefly glancing up from his pad and pen.
Caroline’s mouth gaped open; she wasn’t sure what they were telling her, “I wasn’t aware Mr. Richardson was there at all.”
“You haven’t discussed what happened?” Note-Taker replied in the same formal, non-committal tone.
“No, we haven’t. Was Mr. Richardson there?” she asked, exasperated and confused.
“Yes, Ms. Tate,” Friendly Detective spoke, a hint of a smile on his face, “From what you and your doctors have told us, it appears he saved your life. Mr. Richardson arrived a few minutes before our men. He injured your assailant.” He paused for a moment. 
“You were not breathing when he arrived, Ms. Tate. He performed rescue breathing on you, until the ambulance arrived.”
That’s not possible, she thought to herself. He was almost an hour away at his meeting. He couldn’t have gotten there in time, even if he left at the sight of the photo on his phone. She felt a headache begin to creep up to her temple. She closed her eyes and leaned her head against the raised mattress.
“Ms. Tate, I think we have enough information for now. We may need to speak to you again however.” Friendly handed her a business card, “If you remember anything else that you feel we need to know, please call. We’ll leave you to get some rest.” 
The two grey suits scuttled out of the room. She heard them speaking to Benjamin outside the door, but all she could make out was the tone of their voices. A moment later, Benjamin returned to her side. She grabbed his hand, raising it to her cheek, pressing his palm to her face. She didn’t want to talk about what she had just heard, not yet. It was too much to handle, and it didn’t make sense; it was all so impossible. She closed her eyes, holding his hand in place, both of them quiet.
The nurse came back in and asked how she was feeling.
“I have a headache, and my side hurts a bit,” she admitted.
“How about the shoulder, dear? No discomfort?” her voice was so soft and soothing. It reminded Caroline of her grandmother.
“Not really, no.”
“That’s good to hear; let me take a peek under the bandages, just to make sure there’s no swelling or infection.” She gently guided Caroline to lean on her side enough so she could pull the tape and bandage off of her shoulder, gently pressing on it with her fingers, then replacing the wrappings.
“The stitches look good, and the skin is pink and healthy; no infection.” This was the first Caroline realized she had stitches.
“Let’s take a look at your forehead while we are here,” she warmly commented as she helped Caroline roll on her back again. She eased the tape off of her skin, again pressing gently as she examined her. Caroline couldn’t help looking concerned, not being able to see where the wound was.
“These look good as well,” the nurse told her, reading her thoughts as she replaced the bandages, “The stitches are right along your hairline, Caroline. It will be a minor scar at best, but not noticeable. Let’s check your ribs, now.”
She gently pressed her hand against Caroline’s side. It ached, but there was no sharp pain.
“Your ribs are only bruised, dear. They will hurt for a few days, but you’ll be fine.”
She gently turned Caroline’s chin to her, pulling out a small flashlight to examine her face, then down her neck. Caroline watched the nurse’s expression as she did it; it waivered from sorrow, to anger, to reassurance again, as she noticed Caroline staring at her. She wondered what could make an experienced nurse respond like that. It dawned on Caroline that she probably had a bruise across her face from the punch, and more around her neck. 
“Mr. Richardson, would you excuse us?” the nurse asked him, her voice sweet but her face making it clear that it was not a request. He looked confused for a moment, then turned and headed out the door.
“Caroline, I’m going to remove some of your lines, then help you to the bathroom. The sooner we get you up and moving, the sooner we can let you go home. Does that sound good to you?”
“Yes, very.” Caroline followed the nurse’s instructions as she removed the various contraptions she was attached to.  Next was getting out of the bed; she leaned on the nurse as she stood up. She felt a little faint at first, and they paused for her to steady herself before slowly shuffling off to the toilet.
After relieving herself, Caroline stood at the sink, washing her hands. She slowly looked up at the mirror, gasping in consternation at her reflection. The entire left side of her jawline and cheek were swollen and bruised; it looked much worse than it felt. Around her neck was a blue and red band of finger shaped markings, a gruesome necklace of her ordeal. She grabbed on to the sink, feeling nauseous at the sight. The nurse tapped on the door before opening it, quickly coming beside Caroline, wrapping her hands around her upper arms to steady her, as they both looked in the mirror.
“Caroline, all of that is going to fade away, dear,” the nurse comforted her. “Don’t you worry a bit about it. Let’s get you back to bed and I’ll see about getting you something for that headache of yours.” 
Caroline walked back to the bed, easing herself up and back in and pulling the blankets over her legs again as the nurse positioned the pillow for her to lean back on. A reassuring squeeze of her hand, and the nurse was back out the door, letting Benjamin know he could re-enter.
He sat beside her on the bed this time, holding her hand. Caroline had to know the rest of what happened.
“The detectives,” she started, “they said you saved my life.”
Benjamin looked down at her hand in his, not speaking.
“How is that possible, Benjamin? You were too far away to get there in time.”
He looked up, his eyes awash with both pain and love, “I was already on the way there.”
“I don’t understand,” Caroline asked, bewildered, as she shook her head and closed her eyes.
“I left the contract meeting. I got back home and found you had left, taking all of your things with you. I was on the way to your flat when I received the photo of you and John. I called the police while I was on the road.” Benjamin paused and she tried to wrap her mind around what he was telling her, “I was sitting at the conference table between my publicist and agent, surrounded by the producers and the director, executives, trying to go over the contract, discussing the script, and I couldn’t focus. All I could think about was our fight and how hurt and angry you were. I needed to make things right with you. I got up and walked out. I found Charles and had him take me home. When I realized you had taken your things, I knew you had gone to your flat. I took the Porsche, thinking it would be faster to get to you.”
She stared at him, speechless, and he continued.
“I was on the way there when I got the photo. I called the police, but I was so scared, I couldn’t remember your address, only how to get there. I’m on the phone with the police trying to give them directions as I’m driving to you, until I finally remembered the numbers. I pulled up on the street; I could hear you screaming. I keep a small pistol locked in the glove box. I grabbed it, but by then you were quiet.” He looked down at her hand in his again, sighing, “I ran up the stairs and burst through your door to find John on top of you with his hands around your neck. I fired a shot at him and he flew back.” 
He whispered, “I called out to you, but you weren’t breathing.” 
Benjamin stopped and took a deep breath. It was enough for Caroline; she knew the rest. She pulled him to her. He lay with his head between her breasts, wrapping his arms gently around her.  She encircled his shoulders with her arms, running her fingers through his hair. They stayed like that for a long time; Caroline had no words for what she was feeling. This man had walked out on the biggest meeting of his career for her and had ended up saving her life as a result.
“I’m too old for Prince Charming, you know,” she finally said, “and I don’t plan on needing rescuing again anytime soon, so I hope you are content with less excitement.” She could feel his smile.
“From what the detectives tell me, you put up a pretty good fight before I got there,” he said, “John needed stitches of his own.” 
He lifted his head to look at her, running his hand down the bruised side of her face, his expression pained and angry, “I wish I would have killed him, seeing what he did to you.”
A flash went through her mind of the look John gave her for that brief moment during the attack. Caroline grabbed his face in her hands, “I’m glad you didn’t. He’s very sick, Benjamin. He needs help. He needs to be where he can’t hurt anyone else. But he needs help. The man in my flat was not the same John that you and I are friends with.”
He leaned up and kissed her softly on the lips. As he met her gaze again, Caroline could see his wanting, trying to keep himself under control, and it made her catch her breath. He kissed her again and she parted her lips, letting his tongue invade her mouth, as she returned the hunger. She welcomed it, briefly forgetting anything else but his kiss as she felt her heart beat rush up and her face grow warm.
“Excuse me,” the nurse quietly interrupted, trying to hide a smirk of amusement. Benjamin leaned back up startled, as she handed Caroline two tablets and a cup of water, “this will help you with the headache, although it appears you are already feeling much better.” The nurse winked at her then addressed Benjamin sternly, “you will need to behave yourself young man, or you will have to leave.” 
“Y-yes ma’am,” he stuttered embarrassed as she turned around and left the room. They laughed softly.
“I think a little more snogging is ok,” Caroline coyly encouraged him. He smiled, happy to accommodate her request.


27

Despite the multiple interruptions to her sleep as different nurses and technicians checked in on her and ran tests, she was awake around eight and wanted desperately to leave the hospital. Other than the ache in her side, the rest of her wounds were not bothering her and she had already been out of the bed several times. Benjamin returned a little after ten, bringing her a bag of new clothing – a stylish pair of fitted grey jeans with a shimmery plum colored, high collar silk blouse, matching heels, and the most beautiful white lace bra and panties she had ever seen.
“They won’t let anyone in your flat yet,” he explained, “so I had Helen pick up a few things for you.”
“It’s wonderful. I wish there was a hairbrush, though. And a pair of sunglasses.” 
He immediately disappeared into the hall, returning a few minutes later.
“I’ve sent Thomas to find you a brush and a pair of sunglasses. I guess now all we need is your release.”
Within a few minutes, a diminutive dark-haired doctor entered. He gave them each a curt salutation, smiling briefly as he looked over her chart, looking at her wounds under the fresh dressings she had only moments later received, asking her how she was feeling, and so on. He signed off on her chart, letting her know to arrange to have the stitches taken out the next day, and that she was free to go, exiting as curtly as he had entered.
A rap on the door signaled Thomas had returned. Benjamin met him and asked him to arrange for Charles to pick them up around the back entrance.
“There are quite a few paparazzi at the front,” he told her, “We won’t be able to give them all the slip, but we’ll do our best.”
Caroline took the brush and the bag to the toilet, wishing she had thought of a toothbrush as well. She took off the hospital gown and slipped on the fancy lingerie, the jeans, and the silk blouse. It felt like butter on her skin, mollifying her mind and body for a moment as she prepared for what could be a hectic exit. She ran the brush through her hair; she wanted and needed a shower. She brushed her hair forward, trying to hide as much of her face as possible with it, glad that the blouse hid most of her neck. She slipped on the high heels and put the glasses on top of her head. If not for the huge bruise on her face, she thought she looked pretty damn good. It reminded her of Helen’s “let them take the damn photos” attitude which she desperately needed right then. The thought made her smile as she came back out. Benjamin looked at her quizzically.
“I am very ready to leave here and get a shower,” was all she told him, “Let’s go, Prince Charming.”
He laughed and held the door for her. A security guard was outside; he tipped his finger to his head in greeting, then followed the two of them into the elevator, standing at the doors and shooing away anyone else trying to get in. At the ground floor the guard stepped out first, then ushered them out and to the rear entry doors. Several photographers were indeed waiting; Caroline slid her sunglasses down onto her face as Benjamin wrapped his arm around her, standing to her left.
“You can see Charles and the car are just past the walkway. Are you ready for this?” he asked her, concerned; she nodded. “Just look at the ground; I’ll guide you to the car. Don’t respond to anything that they shout to you. And Caroline, they will shout so don’t be startled.”
Just before they got to the door, she stopped and repeated Helen’s mantra in her mind, squaring her shoulders, as Benjamin held her tight around the waist, with his other hand up to shield their faces. The security guard led the way with the two of them a few feet behind. As they came through the doors, Caroline walked upright and tall, keeping her eyes down and her face slightly toward the ground as Benjamin and the guard’s feet guided her. Flashes of light burst on both sides of her, jeering and shouting voices called her name yelling out personal questions about her attack, as well as about her relationship to Benjamin and John. It was more intense than she expected. She stumbled once hearing a particularly nasty remark implying they were all part of a twisted sex scandal, but Benjamin’s tight grip on her kept her steady and Charles had the door open and ready with the guard standing between them and the throng. Benjamin helped her in and she slid over for him to get in as well. Charles slammed the door and quickly got in the front seat as the guard crossed over and got in the passenger seat. They sped off.
She was breathing fast, rattled by the scene they had just walked through. It frightened her a little, but mostly made her indignant. She was leaving a hospital after a brutal attack, yet all they wanted was a photo of her bruised body and a titillating headline to go with it. It was barbaric at best.
“I’m glad you didn’t forewarn me of what they would say. I don’t think I would have been able to walk through the door,” she let him know, still incensed by it all.
“I’m sorry darling. I wish we could have avoided all of that.” He held her hand, kissing it as they drove back to his flat. As they neared the building she saw Thomas waiting for them at the front door, along with the doorman. Several photographers were positioned along the street as well.  As the sedan pulled up, Thomas ran forward to open the door. The guard got out as well, coming around to stand by the car, blocking the photographers’ view. 
As she got out of the car with Benjamin, Thomas greeted her with a huge smile, “Hello, Ms. Tate. I am overjoyed to see you out of the hospital.” He led the way to the front door, Benjamin on her left and the guard on her right. They entered and headed to the elevator that Thomas had called for them.
“Thank you, Thomas,” She smiled at him.
He turned to Benjamin, “Sir, the car is back in the garage and lunch is set up in the kitchen. Is there anything else you will need?”
“I don’t think so, Thomas, thank you.”
“Did you want your phone back? Mr. Springle has been calling almost hourly, sir. As well as Anita.” Caroline wondered who he was talking about. She guessed it was his agent and publicist; they couldn’t be very happy about his walking out the other day.
Benjamin sighed, “I suppose I should take care of this now that we are home.” Thomas handed him the phone and bid them both good day as he got in the front of the sedan with Charles and drove off.
The guard held the elevator doors open for them, nodding his head to Benjamin and stationing himself in the entryway as they rode up to the flat.
“So, is the guard something new?” she asked, “or just a temporary arrangement.”
“I’m hoping for temporary,” he replied, “he’s mainly to keep snoops away. I don’t think you are in any danger.”
Benjamin unlocked the door and opened it for her. She stepped in and immediately smelled the Pad Thai that Thomas had arranged for lunch; her stomach grumbled at her.
“I figured you might be hungry for some real food,” he responded to her smile.
“The same place?”
He smiled, “The same place. I’m glad you remember.”
They made their plates and sat at the dinette. Caroline had not realized how famished she was; it had been almost two days since she had eaten a full meal. She finished her plate before him, sitting back to enjoy the feeling. She wanted a shower now; she remembered her stitches.
“Do you think I can take a shower with the stitches still in?” she asked him. He pulled a folded paper out of his back pocket; it was a list of instructions for her release.
“It says you can clean the wound, as long as it doesn’t sit in water.”
Caroline took her plate to the sink, feeling uncertain of what to do next.
“Which bathroom should I use?” she asked him as he stood up to remove his plate. Benjamin looked at her confused for a moment. He put the plate down and crossed over to her, running the back of his hand down her face.
“Would you prefer to be alone, in the guest room?” he asked her softly.
“Do you want me to be?” she whispered back.
“No. But I will understand if you need some time.” His face was pensive, trying to understand, but she could see behind it a restlessness to know the two of them were right again. 
“I think I’ll use your bathroom,” she said as she headed down the hall to his room.
She sat on the bed to pull off the shoes and unbutton the blouse, gently taking it off and laying it across the back of the chair at the foot of the bed, then sliding out of the jeans and folding them neatly on the chair as well. She had to sit again to slide the panties off; it hurt to bend down, and she could only put her one hand behind her back to unhook her bra, now that the morning dose of painkiller had worn off. She was starting to regret declining a prescription to take home.
She walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower, looking in the mirror at herself. She was now familiar with the bruising on her face and neck; although they were still very visible, the marks were quickly fading to blues and yellows and the swelling was gone in her face. She peeled off the bandage on her forehead, taking a good look at the small red line just below her hairline. The nurse was right; it would not be noticeable for long. She then took off the large bandage on her shoulder. She cringed at her reflection; bruises and scabs intermingled with the stitches, leaving a perfect dental line. She could see the same semi-circular markings around the back of her shoulder as she leaned forward, with three stitches joining the marks. Remembering the pain and fear that had overwhelmed her at the time made her shudder.
Lastly, she started on the gauze around her ribcage. The motion of unwrapping was painful; she could only really use one arm to do it, the other one holding the gauze as she grabbed around again. When it was finally off she paused, aghast at what she saw. Her entire side was near black with the large oval bruise that wrapped her ribs front to back. It was much worse than she had imagined. Naked now, she starred at her image in the mirror, at the full sight of her injuries, and felt the tears rise up again. She forced down a few deep breaths to quiet herself, not wanting Benjamin to hear, and walked into the shower. The hot water calmed her, and she reveled in it for a few moments, letting it cascade down her head and body, bringing some slight relieve to her now tensed muscles. As she reached for the shampoo, she was met with stabbing pain down her side from the bruised ribs and quickly dropped the arm to wrap it protectively around her side. She reached with the other hand, only to have the bite mark on her shoulder rise up in persecution against her efforts. Tears ran down her face again as she stood in the middle of the cascading water, her arms wrapped around her, sobbing quietly.
Benjamin called out to her from the bedroom, “Are you ok?” 
She didn’t respond. He came in the bathroom.
“Caroline, are you all right?” 
A sob escaped her. 
“Caroline, what’s wrong?”
“I can’t lift my arms to wash my hair,” she responded in a rasped tone, trying not to sound like she was crying, “and I don’t think I can bend down either.”
A moment later Benjamin returned wearing bathing trunks and slid into the shower with her. She turned her back to him as he grabbed the shampoo and closed her eyes; she had never felt anything so comforting as his fingers massaging her scalp. She turned to put her head under the water, feeling his fingers working through her hair as the water rinsed the suds out. Caroline’s shattered spirits lifted and were put back together already by this simple act. Benjamin grabbed the bath sponge and the body wash as she turned her back to him again. He washed her thoroughly, taking gentle care around her shoulder and bruised side, sliding the sponge down her buttocks and legs as well, to her ankles and feet. As he stood up, she turned back around, watching as he put more wash on the sponge and started on her front.  She felt her body responding to his gentle touch deep down. She watched him move; he was concentrating hard, too hard, on what he was doing; his lips were a tight line, not emitting any emotion. Caroline cringed at the thought that her bruises and scars had marred her too much; the unexpected consequences of her attack being the loss of Benjamin’s desire for her.
Just as her heart began to sink, he met her gaze and his eyes betrayed him. His pupils were dark and dilated; he glided the foamy sponge over her breasts, quickly moving to her arms, perhaps to distract himself. A hint of pain and sadness filled them as he gently bathed her battered side. He knelt down to wash the rest of her. She continued watching him; his lips parted and his eyes grew darker, kneeling in front of her, trying to help her and wanting her so much. She felt her heart soar and her breath quicken at the revelation.
He stood back up slowly; he knew he was failing to hide the turmoil he was obviously in.
“Did I miss anything?” he breathed, looking into her eyes; he was lost as to what he should do next, both enflamed and distraught. It was clear to Caroline that it was up to her to lead him.
Caroline took the sponge from his hand, letting it fall to the tile floor, and put her hands on his chest as she leaned in to him. He wrapped his arms around her waist, careful to avoid her bruising, and kissed her, pulling her closer, and she could feel his arousal against her body. He stopped to look at her again, making sure that she wanted him to continue; she nodded, kissing him again, hungry to be close to him, to be right with him. He reached behind her and turned the shower off, grabbing a towel and wrapping it around her, kissing her. He slid his swimsuit off, wrapping a towel around his waist as they moved to the bedroom.
Benjamin dried himself off quickly as she sat on the bed, then took his towel and tousled her hair until it was lightly damp. He then sat behind her and combed it out; knowing he was going to make love to her when he was done made it both comforting and sensual. She ran her hand up and down his leg, hearing him catch his breath as she traveled further up his inner thigh, then down again. She wished he would hurry up, amused at the thought of getting a haircut to shorten the process in the future.
He put the comb down and ran his fingers up and down her back, kissing her neck and shoulders; Caroline could feel her skin quiver, electrified by his light touches.
“I want you so much,” he whispered in her ear, “I don’t want to hurt you. You have to tell me if something hurts.”
“I promise,” she breathed in his ear. 
She stood to unwrap herself from the towel as he pulled the sheets down, and she carefully moving her body back and up the bed to the pillows. He climbed in beside her, running his fingers lightly down her arm as he kissed her shoulder along the bite mark, moving toward her neck. He propped himself up on his elbow as he leaned in to kiss her, careful to keep from putting any weight on her. He kissed her sweetly, gently tugging at her bottom lip, as he moved down her chin to her neck, sliding his hand lightly over her nipple and belly. As his head moved to nuzzle her breast, she sank her fingers into his hair. Exhilaration and joy filled her spirit at being with him again after thinking she had lost him, coming so close to her own end and knowing he was the reason she was still here, making love with him at that moment. She wriggled, sighing under his touch.
He kissed her side next, brushing his fingers gently along the bruise. He came back up to kiss her mouth. 
“I’m not sure what to do, Caroline,” he admitted to her, “If you start moving too much…” 
She smiled at him, amused at his perplexing predicament.
“Perhaps you should just have your way with me,” she offered, tilting her head and smiling at the thought. He scoffed at her before realizing she meant it.
“I don’t think I will enjoy it, not if it isn’t pleasurable for you too.”
“I love feeling you inside me Benjamin. It will be. You just have to be gentle.”
He took her at her word, kissing her hard before moving over her, holding his weight on his arms, his hands beside her shoulders. She pulled her knees up as he gently eased into her; the feeling was exquisite. His face was just above hers as he kept eye contact, tilting his pelvis back and forth, watching for any sign of discomfort from her.
“You feel so good, Benjamin,” she moaned to him.
He sped up without increasing pressure on her; it was both ethereal and maddening, as her body tightened, wanting release, but not quite getting it. She reached to hold his sides, watching him, eager for him to move stronger in her, but knowing any sign of pain on her part would stop him immediately; she wanted him to find his release.
“Are you ok?” His voice was thick with passion.
“Yes. I want you to, please Benjamin,” she encouraged. Within seconds, he closed his eyes as he came, opening them again on her as he took a deep breath. He leaned down to kiss her.
“I wish you were there with me,” he whispered as he pressed his forehead to hers.
“I know. You can make it up to me soon,” she whispered back.
He carefully moved off of her, heading into the bathroom. He returned with gauze and tape, replacing the dressings on her shoulder and forehead. She declined wrapping her ribs up again; other than reminding her the bruise was there, it didn’t seem to help, and her hospital notes didn’t require it.
She carefully rolled on her side toward him, running her hand down the side of his face, smiling as he gazed back at her returning the same smile. Caroline fell asleep as he watched over her.

She woke up alone a few hours later as the mid-afternoon sunlight crept in from around the edges of the closed drapes. Faint voices drifted from down the hall; she recognized Benjamin’s deep tone, but the alto voice of a woman was unfamiliar to her. Caroline carefully stretched her body out, a twinge of pain on her side the only discomfort. She got out of the bed and dressed in the clothes Helen had provided. After brushing her teeth and hair, she walked out to see who was there.
Benjamin looked angry; he was seated at the formal dining table with a stylishly dressed black woman who was talking quietly to him. Her hair was natural and wrapped in a scarf and she wore a blue and yellow business dress. Seeing Caroline first, she broke into a huge smile and stood to greet her, dwarfing her by at least six inches. Her hands were warm and soft as they enveloped Caroline’s.
“Hello, Caroline, I’m Anita, Benjamin’s publicist. It is so good to finally meet you,” Her deep alto voice was as warm and soft as her hands, “I hope we didn’t wake you.”
“No, not at all. I needed to get up and move.”
“We were actually talking about you. We could use your incite, if you feel up to it. Can I get you a cup of tea?”
“That would be nice.” Caroline sat beside Benjamin as Anita returned from the kitchen with another cup, pouring tea from the service in the center of the table. She wondered what had him looking so cross.
“First, I want to tell you that it is an honor to meet you. You are a remarkable woman from what Benjamin has told me.”
“Obviously, a lot has happened in the past three days,” she continued, “and while I wish we had the luxury of more time to process all of it, as Benjamin’s publicist it is my job to determine how to handle these situations in the best possible way to protect him and his career aspirations. As you can guess, the press is pushing for information about what happened to you, as well as your relationship.” 
She glanced at Benjamin before continuing, “While I appreciate Benjamin’s desire to try to keep this a private matter, if we don’t offer them some information the news reports will become, let’s say, disturbingly speculative.”
“I heard some of that on my way out of the hospital,” Caroline responded.
“I’ve proposed two options to him; a detailed press release, which keeps the two of you out of the view of cameras, at least temporarily, or a live press conference, with or without limited questions from the press.”
“I don’t like either one,” Benjamin interjected, “I don’t want Caroline exposed to this kind of scrutiny.”
“I appreciate your sentiment, I really do,” Anita said firmly, obviously irritated by his attitude, “but, frankly, it is too late for that. The only thing we can do is offer the truth and hope they report it as such.”
Caroline sat listening. Her years in business marketing told her that a press release was a hit or miss – the papers may or may not use it, but television would probably ignore it; they wanted something for the camera. The idea of sharing details of her ordeal to a live audience even with Benjamin’s support would be difficult, and he obviously did not like the idea.
“Could we release our own video and send it out live to the internet?” Caroline asked.
Anita thought about it for a moment, “Interesting. We could set it up as a private interview, and give full release to the networks to use it. What do you think, Benjamin?”
He frowned at Anita; it was clear they had been arguing about this quietly before Caroline had entered; perhaps he hoped to leave her out of it entirely. She didn’t know.
“I’m a big girl,” she whispered to him, “you don’t have to protect me from this.” 
He looked at her, still upset, not answering.
“I can’t exactly hide in your flat for the rest of my life. At least this way we can share what we want and let the public, your fans, make their own decision, rather than the press making it for them,” she pleaded, “I want this resolved before I leave for Georgia.”
Benjamin stood up, pacing, running his hand over his days-old stubble. She could see he was at an impasse as his instinct to protect her fought against what she was saying.
With angry frustration, she burst out, “I won’t have our relationship damaging your career any more than it already has.”
Benjamin froze; Anita quietly walked out of the room.
“What are you talking about?”
“You walked out on the most important meeting of your career. And while part of me is amazed and grateful and thrilled at that, part of me is wracked with guilt that you may have lost your only chance to fulfill your big dream because of me, because of us.” 
She stood and walked in front of him, her hands on his waist, forcing him to make eye contact with her, “I want to fix it. I want the world to know what you did, and how I feel about you, and that you saved my life!” 
He stood looking at her, a mixture of concern, annoyance, and, finally, acceptance fleeting across his eyes. He closed them, leaning forward to place his forehead against hers before wrapping his arms around her.
“Please,” she whispered, “let me do this.”
“We’ll do it together then,” he whispered back. He called Anita back into the room. She agreed to make the arrangements for the next day.

28

Caroline awoke before the sun after going to bed early the night before. Benjamin was curled on his side; she crept out of the bed, careful not to wake him as she grabbed her grey jeans and a t-shirt out of his drawer. They were still waiting for the police to allow them back into her flat so she could retrieve her things.
She headed to the kitchen to start coffee. After cutting up a bowl of fruit, she carried it to the great room and propped herself up on the sofa with several pillows, her legs extended across the cushions. 
The quiet solitude was surprisingly refreshing; she never liked being alone at home. She would wake up each morning missing the sound of Marie’s alarm clock, the way she continually pushed the snooze button only to come barreling down the stairs at the last minute to get to her classes. In the past year Caroline broke her own rule, allowing the dogs to sleep at the foot of her bed as she got used to sleeping alone. She smiled to herself, wondering what Benjamin would think of the two black behemoths she affectionately referred to as puppies. Would she bring them with her back to London, or find new homes for them? There were so many things to think about in the next few months, so many details to work through. She had enough on her mind already as she thought about what she wanted to say during the interview later that day.
“Hey,” Benjamin grumbled, bending down to kiss her, “Is everything all right?” He rubbed his eyes as he lifted her legs to sit under them, dressed only in pajama bottoms, his hair a tumbled mess of waves.
“I’m fine. I just woke up early.”
“Too early,” he replied, wrapping his arms around her middle and laying his head on her chest. 
His soft breathing a few minutes later indicated he had fallen asleep again. She ran her fingers through his hair as she watched the London sunrise.

Benjamin received a call around nine letting them know that Caroline’s flat was cleared and available to enter. He immediately called Thomas, asking him to both pack all of her belongings and arrange a thorough cleaning, forewarning him of the condition he may find it in. He arrived at the flat a few hours later with her suitcases in hand. He talked quietly to Benjamin after a warm greeting to Caroline then left quickly. It was unusual compared to Thomas’ normal jovial and pleasant behavior.
“He’s upset,” Benjamin tried to explain, “I tried to warn him. He wasn’t expecting it to be, well, as disturbing as it was. You don’t remember much of it, do you?”
“No. I remember what happened to me, but I can’t really remember the room. Is that strange?”
“It’s probably a good thing. There was blood splattered everywhere. And the rose petals…” 
He stopped, not wanting to continue the description of what he had walked into. Caroline was filled with compassion for Thomas; this certainly wasn’t part of his job description.
“Is he going to be all right?”
“Thomas will be fine. I told him to go have a drink and take the rest of the day off.”
Anita arranged for the film crew to arrive at noon to set up; Caroline had been able to schedule the makeup genius from the salon to make a home visit in preparation. She cringed when the pink haired artist grabbed her in a heart-felt clutch at the sight of her.
“What did that monster do to you? It doesn’t matter, I can take care of this. Where can we work?” 
She smoothed and blended makeup for over an hour, covering the bruises on Caroline’s face and doing her magic around her eyes and cheeks as she had done for the gala; Anita asked her to leave some traces of the trauma on her neck; the artist argued against it for a few minutes. Caroline finally intervened, asking her to do what Anita wanted. 
She was finally ready at one, wearing her black frilled dress and heels, her hair up loosely. Benjamin sat beside her on the sofa in his black suit. Anita led the interview, asking her about her friendship with John, how she and Benjamin met and fell in love, and so on, until finally asking her about the night she was attacked. She was guided by the requests of the police to not include specific details, which made it easier to share what had occurred, and Benjamin filled in the rest. As soon as Anita indicated they were done, Caroline sighed and stood up. It had been much more difficult than she had anticipated, even in the secure and quiet setting of the flat.
Unexpectedly, Benjamin stood and grabbed her face in his hands, pressing his forehead to hers. They stood for several seconds like that until he finally moved away to look at her.
“Look at me, Caroline. I don’t regret anything. I don’t regret walking out on that meeting. If I hadn’t, I would have lost you. It was my choice. And if I never get that opportunity again, I will know I made the right decision. I love you.”
Caroline’s tears flowed down his fingers as he held her face in his hands. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him, as a rush of relief from the final source of her pain and love for this man who had possibly walked out on his dream to save her life filled her to overflowing. She had no words to say as she smiled back at him.
Anita interrupted them a few minutes later, “I’ll have this loaded to YouTube in the next few hours, and send the link to the news agencies with full release. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
She and her film crew headed out, along with the makeup artist. Almost immediately, the doorbell rang to announce the nurse Benjamin arranged to remove her stitches had arrived. It was the same nurse she had woken up to with the sweet, encouraging spirit that had helped her overcome the first shock of seeing herself in the mirror after the attack.
“We never officially met, my dear. My name is Emma. Shall we take care of those stitches?”
Caroline led her to the master bathroom, where she would have plenty of light to remove the stitches on her head and shoulder. She slipped off her dress. Nurse Emma carefully removed the dressings, cut and pulled out the sutures, then dabbed the area with cotton gauze as a small amount of blood oozed from around the wounds as the skin released. 
“Let’s take a look at those ribs while I am here, shall we?”
Nurse Emma pressed her fingers gently against the bruise. Except for a mild discomfort, Caroline felt no pain, and the darkest areas had already begun to fade to a purplish blue, far better than the black shades she first saw.
“You are healing nicely, Caroline. How is your sleeping?”
“I’ve been sleeping well, actually.”
“No night terrors?”
“No. I am tired though. I went to bed early and woke up early.”
“That’s normal. Get as much rest as you can. Is he taking good care of you?” Nurse Emma asked, a twinkle in her eye.
“Yes,” Caroline admitted, almost shyly, “He is taking very good care of me.”
She leaned in close, smiling, “I wouldn’t expect anything less. He seems like a wonderful chap, and he is obviously in love with you, dear.”
The nurse put some ointment on her shoulder and head and redressed them. As Caroline tied her robe around her, Nurse Emma suggested she take a nap, and promptly tucked Caroline into bed, patting a kiss on her forehead like a small child. The silly gesture was comforting and she thanked her; the nurse smiled and closed the bedroom door behind her. Caroline drifted off quickly, the angst she had carried for the past several days gone thanks to Benjamin.

He was sitting on the edge of the bed watching her, running his fingers through her hair, when she awoke. It was late afternoon as far as she could tell from the sunlight. He looked forlorn, as if he had been in deep thought.
“Is everything all right?” she asked gruffly, rolling on her side toward him.
He paused before answering her, “The police just called. John is pleading guilty to everything.”
She sat up, shocked.
“Apparently, there have been other attacks that they can link to him as well, with both bite marks and…”
“And what?” she asked, incredulous.
“DNA.”
“DNA?”  It took a moment for her to realize what he meant; other women had been raped and possibly beaten worse than she was. She had tried to convince herself that the attack was personal, that she was the only one. The sense of sorrow and pity she felt for both John and his victims was stifling.
“He’s doing the right thing then,” was all she could think to respond.
They sat there quietly for a few moments, trying to accept this new piece to the puzzle that was once their friend John.
“Let’s get away for a few days. I’ve been stuck in a hospital and this flat. I only have a few days left. Let’s go somewhere,” she pleaded.
“Where do you want to go?”
“I don’t know. I don’t really care. Just somewhere we can be outside, have a picnic, just be together,” Benjamin smiled at her, as she climbed out of the covers and up on his lap, straddling him, “Somewhere we can be alone for my last few days here. Please.”
He wrapped his arms around her, “I’ll have to think about where we can go on such short notice.”
“Camping in a tent in the woods is fine with me.”
“I doubt that. You enjoy your comforts far too much,” he laughed at her.
“I can tolerate anything as long as I’m with you,” she smiled back at him.
He tilted his head in amusement, “You are very charming, Ms. Tate.”
“It’s easy to be charming with you, Mr. Richardson.”

“You are just joking with me, right?” she asked, incredulous, as she followed him through the Presidential Suite to the large windows overlooking the breathtaking view of London and the Thames as the sun began to move in preparation for the sunset. They both looked underdressed for the elegant and expansive suite in their jeans and plain t-shirts; in the rush to get out the door, Caroline had pulled her hair into a ponytail and packed what she needed.
“Caroline, I’m following the nurse’s orders,” he replied turning toward her, “she said to give you another day to heal and rest.”
“She’s wrong,” she insisted, wrapping her arms around him as she gazed up at him longingly, “we’ve already had sex once since I came home.”
“And it was terrible,” he exclaimed, her face dropping at his words.
He quickly retracted, “No, not terrible, but not wonderful.” 
She let him go and walked away, her arms crossed in frustration. He followed behind her, wrapping his arms around her shoulders as he kissed her hair.
“I want you to have a memory worth waiting for,” he whispered to her, “worth waiting a night, and worth waiting until we can be together again.”
“Just one night? So tomorrow morning?”
He turned her around, laughing, “You are so impatient.” 
He kissed her gently and pulled her close. She kissed him again deeply, intertwining her tongue with his, and sliding her hands down his back. She pushed her hands into his jeans pockets, pressing herself against him.
“That kind of behavior is not going to change my mind,” he breathed, pulling away from her.
“I had to try,” she replied in mock apology.
Benjamin’s phone buzzed with a text message; it was Anita.
“She says the video has already gotten over twenty thousand views,” he told her, astounded, “do you want to watch it?”
He followed her to the bedroom as she set up her computer on the bed and they stretched out to watch. The video was at the top of the search engine, easy to find. As they watched Caroline relaxed; the bruises on her neck were still apparent, but she came across as articulate and strong – and very much in love as she glanced at Benjamin each time he spoke. Only then did it occur to her how anxious she had been about it.
The interview ended but the video kept going. The audio was quieter now, the camera out of focus and off center for a few seconds. It finally moved to focus on Benjamin and Caroline standing in front of the sofa, his hands holding her face as he told her he didn’t regret walking out on the contract of a lifetime. 
“She shouldn’t have included that,” he spoke softly as it finished, “that was a private moment.”
“It was real,” she exhorted him, shutting the screen and curling up close to him, “it adds credibility to the rest of the video. Don’t be mad at her. She’s on your side.”
He wrapped his arms around her, burying his face in her shoulder. Caroline ran her fingers up and down his back, holding him, understanding in some small way how difficult it was to keep his private life separated from a very public one and the vulnerability of letting the world see a glimpse of something so personal.
He lifted his head, pushing her hair back from her face with one hand and kissing her as he got up.
“I arranged for dinner to be brought to the room tonight. You need to get dressed,” he told her as he began to change out of his jeans and t- shirt.
“Get dressed for dinner in?” she asked, her eyebrows raised.
Benjamin smiled, “Don’t make me spoil the surprise,” he replied.

Caroline came out wearing the black dress she had on at the birthday party and the insanely high heels she had wanted to hide behind the bar that night. Benjamin was at the in-suite bar, pouring two glasses of wine. His eyes lit up when he saw her, a smile growing across his face as he handed her a glass.
“You are rather fetching,” he whispered, kissing her neck.
“So you remember,” she teased him, accepting her glass and taking a seat in one of the plush chairs beside the sofa arranged behind the glass and steel dining area for eight.
“I remember,” he responded, as he took as seat in the chair beside her, “I remember seeing you the first time from across the restaurant. I kept glancing at you, wondering who you were. And you were oblivious to my attention, at least until I made a fool of myself.”
“And here we are,” she smiled, “So why am I dressed up for dinner?”
A knock at the door answered her. She looked at Benjamin, trying and failing to look innocent of some joke, before getting up to answer it herself. Standing in the hall were Andrew and Helen, Cecelia and Daniel, and Matthew and Rebecca.
“Surprise!” they yelled together, as one at a time they entered to hug her and kiss her cheek.
“Oh, Caroline, we couldn’t send you off without a party, now could we?” Helen shouted as she embraced her. Caroline laughed as tears filled the corners of her eyes.
“It has been such a pleasure to get to know you after all,” Matthew gruffly voiced with a smile as he kissed her cheek, Rebecca following behind.
“This was all Benjamin’s doing, you know,” Andrew told her, “He thought you should be surrounded with your friends tonight.”
“I think it’s a good thing for him as well,” she whispered back to him; he shook his head in agreement as he headed inward and to the bar.
Cecelia stood in the hallway awkwardly for a moment before grabbing her with both arms, “My dear Caroline, I had no idea. I’m so glad to see you are doing well.” Caroline hugged her, shaking Daniel’s hand at the same time, and guiding them in.
The group was already full of lively conversation and drinks as dinner service arrived. As they waited for the table to be set, Cecelia caught Caroline up on gossip as the others admired the view. They finally took their seats as the service gentlemen presented the meal in three courses. Everything was perfect as far as Caroline saw, knowing Benjamin had planned all of it on short notice, making sure to include dessert of course.
As the meal ended, Helen spoke, “I’m sure all of us have seen your video by now. I want you to know that I thought you were both very brave.”
“Yes,” Andrew agreed, “it was not an easy thing to do, I’m sure.”
“No, it wasn’t,” Caroline admitted.
“The very end was the best part,” Rebecca softly commented. 
Everyone quieted, smiling in agreement as Caroline flushed. Benjamin grabbed her hand and kissed it before leaning over to kiss her. The rest of the table burst in applause and good natured laughter.

It was close to midnight before the dinner guests began to make their excuses. Caroline and Daniel were accompanied by Matthew and Rebecca as they left; both lived in north London and had an hour long journey back home. Andrew and Helen stayed behind a little while longer, sharing a final bottle of wine.
“You know,” Helen snickered, already on her fourth or fifth glass as she sat beside Caroline on the large, leather sofa, “I remember the day Andrew came home telling me Benjamin would not shut up about this woman he met. I kept drilling him for information, because neither of us could remember the last time he had actually talked about anyone he was seeing. And that’s when I knew you must be very special. And you are love.”
Helen kissed her on the cheek, hugging her with her free arm as she balanced her wine glass in the other, “Yes, you are! And I am going to miss you so much. You must come back as soon as possible love.”
“I will,” Caroline promised, as much to Helen as to herself. She tried to focus on the star-lit skyline of London at night, as she looked out the window to distract herself. She refused to feel anything by joy at this special moment.
“I should probably take her home,” Andrew winked as he gently picked Helen up, loosening her grasp on Caroline, “I know I will see you again soon, so good night rather than goodbye.” He bent down and kissed Caroline on the cheek, then led Helen out the door with Benjamin following to say his own goodbyes.

29

Caroline stood and moved to the large windows, gazing out at the view. It truly was a beautiful city, brilliant with wonder and elegance as the Thames quietly reflected the lights from the buildings along the harbor. Benjamin came behind, wrapping his arms around her as they stood watching.
“What time is it?” she asked.
“Just after midnight,” he answered, “We should probably get to bed.”
They walked arm in arm to the bedroom. The room seemed too quiet, even forlorn, now that their guests had gone. She shook off the feeling before it could take hold of her and entered the bathroom to brush her teeth and get ready for bed. She looked at herself in the mirror, again in awe at the magnificent work of her makeup artist, as she washed it off. Only a small amount of bruising still remained on her face and neck. She stripped out of her dress to look at her side; this, too, was much improved, albeit still blue, but when she pressed her fingers against it she felt no sharp pain. She brushed her hair smooth before slipping out of her bra and panties, and returning to the bedroom.
Benjamin watched her walk by in silence, still in the process of removing his t-shirt and dress trousers. Caroline climbed into the bed, pulling the covers up to her midsection. She lay on her side, watching as he continued to undress. 
“I know what you are doing,” he commented as he went into the bathroom.
“I know you do,” she replied.
He returned a few moments later, pajama bottoms on, sliding under the covers facing her, “You never sleep in the nude, Caroline. Not unless we have already made love.”
“Perhaps I just want to be ready for the morning,” she replied coyly, still leaving herself uncovered from the waist down as she looked at him.
He reached one hand out, stroking her shoulder then her arm, sliding down to her breast. His fingers grazed her nipple and it grew rigid under his gentle touch. Caroline sighed.
“We should wait,” he whispered, still stroking her body.
She slid over, pressing her body against his as she lifted her bottom hand to run her fingers through his hair as the other wrapped under his arm and around his body.
“Kiss me.”
What self-control he had left came crashing down in that moment. He grabbed her with both arms, lifting her body on top of his own, moving one hand to cradle her head, burying his fingers in her hair, as the other wrapped around her. He kissed her hard, running his tongue through her now familiar mouth as she moaned. She bit his lower lip gently as he sighed and kissed her again. Caroline could feel herself begin to shiver, as deep inside her muscles became taunt and ready for him.
He slid her back on to the bed face down, as he ran his hand down her spine and between her buttocks, pushing her legs apart until he had two fingers inside her. She gasped as he slid them in and out of her before sliding his hand forward. She began to moan and move against his hand, shocked at how quickly her body was responding, how much she wanted him right now. She was already so close; he stopped to quickly pull off his bottoms. 
“Pull your knees up,” he demanded, his breath heavy with desire.
She complied, her whole body aching for release. He reached around her hip, his relentless fingers moving again. Quickly he rammed himself into her; she cried out in both surprise and pleasure as he moved, his fingers matching the tempo of his thrusts. Caroline’s muscles clenched tighter and tighter within her. She could feel his chest against her back as he leaned over her.
“You feel so good, Caroline. I love you.”
His words were like a match as she exploded in ecstasy, crying out his name as she writhed under him, feeling him thrust hard into her several more times until he also cried out. He wrapped his arms around her waist as he leaned his head against her back, still breathless, until their hearts quieted.
He sat up, gently moving out of her before climbing under the covers again. She stretched out her legs and pulled her arms under her pillow, still lying on her front. She smiled back at him.
“You are getting pretty good at this, Mr. Richardson. Although I have to say, you have very little willpower.”
“I think I showed great willpower, Ms. Tate,” he remitted, running his hand along her back, “I wanted to take you in the middle of dinner, but I thought that would be less than hospitable in front of our guests.”
They watched each other, comfortable in the silence, before drifting off to sleep.

Benjamin’s phone woke them both around seven, vibrating itself off of the bedside table on to the floor. He reached down, fumbling around for it before answering rather gruffly without looking to see who it was. He sat up quickly, wide awake, startling Caroline out of her dozing.
“Are you sure? When do they want to meet? Nathan, I don’t know how you did it, but I love you for it,” Benjamin’s eyes danced with excitement, as he grabbed Caroline’s hand with his free one, still listening to the caller, “Really? I never would have expected that reaction. I will tell her. Thank you, Nathan. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
He sat stunned, staring at his phone, before letting her in, “That was my agent. The producers called him this morning, offering me a new contract,” He smiled at her, “they told him it was the video that did it. Apparently it’s gone viral.”
Caroline was sitting up now, trying to comprehend what he was telling her.
“You got it anyway? You’re going to LA?” she almost squealed as the realization hit her.
Benjamin laughed and embraced her, too overwhelmed with the good news for words. 
He grabbed her face in both hands and kissed her, “You are my good luck charm after all.”
“When are you meeting with them?”
“I have to be at Nathan’s office at nine tomorrow morning,” he replied, grasping her hands in each of his, “Can you come with me?”
She paused, trying to hide her disappointment, “I have to be at the airport by seven. I wish I could.” 
Benjamin’s eyes looked downcast for a moment as they each accepted the words, the official deadline of their time together. He kissed her again, running a hand down the side of her face.
“We won’t be apart for long Caroline,” he spoke, comforting her, “And we will both be busy preparing; the time will fly by.”
She kissed him, trying her best to focus on what he was saying.
“We have each other for the next twenty-four hours,” he whispered as he kissed her neck, “Let’s make the most of it.”

After a long shower, they ordered room service for breakfast and got dressed.
“I have another surprise for you,” he smiled as he pulled on his always-present white t-shirt with faded jeans and wrinkled blue shirt.
“I like your surprises,” she replied as she pulled her t-shirt over her head and buttoned her jeans.
 “I’ve arranged a private tour along the Thames. We have to meet at the pier in about an hour. We can walk down early if you like.”
“I would love some fresh air. I hate being cooped up for days.” 
They ate breakfast and headed down to the lobby to walk around the nearby area and down to the pier. The sky promised to be a sunny, warm day; Caroline realized how much she had missed the sun on her face over the past week. She slid her sunglasses on and enjoyed the warmth on her bare arms as Benjamin grabbed her hand. He had on his ball cap and sunglasses, the same so-called disguise that had worked so well at Canterbury. 
But they were in London now and quickly recognized as they walked. A few people asked if they could have a photo with Benjamin; Caroline offered to take it for them, smiling while trying to wrap her head around how strange it was to be taking photos of her boyfriend for total strangers. The harder to accept were the requests for a photo of both of them together and the gracious, even heart-felt, remarks people made to her about the video. As they walked away from another encounter, she grabbed Benjamin around the waist, pulling him close as they continued to walk up to the pier alone.
“What’s wrong, Caroline?” he asked, holding onto her.
“I don’t know. I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed, I guess. I had no idea people would be so touched. I just thought we were doing it so the reporters would leave us alone. But that young woman told me my story helped her avoid being attacked. I don’t know how to process what happened to me and deal with this.”
“I’m feeling the same,” he responded quietly, “I haven’t wanted to admit how much the whole experience has affected me Caroline. I watched one of my best friends try to kill you and I shot him. I could have killed him. I wake up every night with a nightmare of you on the floor not breathing, and I have to touch you to see if you are alright before I can go back to sleep.” 
He sighed, “What am I going to do while we’re apart?”
She laid her head on his chest as they stood looking out over the Thames, their arms wrapped tightly around one another; no one came up to them. A few minutes later a small, sleek yacht pulled up to the pier, crew members waiving as they came in. It was their tour vessel arrived.
They made their way down the plank, where the two crew members were steadying the boat on the moorings as the captain assisted them in getting aboard. He gave them a warm greeting before launching into a short safety briefing, a tour of the cabin, toilet, and deck, and inviting them to take seats along the back deck as the crewmen got back on board.
As one of the crew assisted the captain, the other appeared from the galley below with a plate of cheeses and fruit, along with champagne flutes already filled and ready for them. Caroline took hers, thanking him as she watched the grey water flow behind them. The engine was quieter than she expected. Their first highlight was the Tower Bridge, followed by the Tower of London. The captain handed off the maneuvering to his crewman on the deck above before coming down the stairs to join them as he pointed out each sight and shared historical tidbits with them. The warm weather had enticed both tourists and locals alike, and the waterways were busy with sight-seeing tour vessels and simple shuttle boats. Intermixed in these larger passenger boats were several slipper launches, their wood hulls shining, often with a couple enjoying a romantic, private cruise just as they were. The banks were filled with families with children in tow, foreign student tour groups, and the like. She saw little hands go up as they passed by and she waved in return.
“You seem very comfortable on the water,” Benjamin commented. 
It was the first thing he had spoken since they came aboard; his normally light complexion seemed a bit too pale, and he was perspiring too much for the enjoyable breeze as they moved.
“Are you seasick?” she asked, placing her hand on his arm.
“I’ll be fine.”
Caroline asked the captain for some motion sickness tablets and water. Despite his half-hearted protest, she insisted that he take them.
“Look out at the far side along the horizon, until you feel better,” she ordered, “and if you get too nauseous, take a sip of water while you’re standing at the side of the boat. It will help you vomit.”
“You know quite lot about this,” he said, trying to smile.
She laughed and held his hand, “I’ve been seasick before. Just not on such calm water, and not while moving. I get sick sitting still on rough waves. A fishing boat captain in the Bahamas helped me through a rather rough fishing trip one time.”
“You like to fish? I didn’t know that.”
“Actually, Marie and my late husband were the fishers. I just went along. I prefer to cruise, like this,” she told him, “I have several friends with boats back home. We spend weekends in the summer traveling along the waterways, jumping out to go swimming when it gets too hot on deck and visiting friends who live on the water.”
“It sounds lovely,” he answered, his eyes fixed on the far bank. 
She held his hand, noting the tight squeeze of his fingers when passing vessels sent a wake their way. After half an hour, he began to loosen his grip, the color coming back to his cheeks as the medication took effect.
“Feeling better?”
“Yes, much,” he smiled at her, kissing her on the cheek then turning back to the horizon, “I hope that’s the worst of it.”
“I’m sure it is. Did you want to go below deck and lie down? It should be ok now. It’s not a good idea while you’re very nauseous, or I would have suggested it earlier.”
“I’d rather stay up here. I’m enjoying the view,” he smiled, kissing her hand.
The captain let them know St. Paul’s Cathedral would be coming into view shortly starboard and the Millenial Bridge port. The cathedral didn’t dwarf in size at all from what she remembered of her tour with John, despite the distance from shore. She realized at the memory that she hadn’t heard anything else about him since he agreed to cooperate with the police.
“Do you know what is going on with John?” she asked Benjamin. 
He looked away for a moment, then back to her, his face somber, “He was moved to a criminal mental health facility. At his own request,” he paused before continuing, “He’s going to be there for a long time, and then prison as well.”
They sat in silence, the mood shifting as each fell into their own thoughts. The captain called out more sights as they continued down the river. Caroline feigned interest as images of John forced themselves to her conscious mind, still trying to reconcile her friend and her attacker in one person. She may or may not have to face him again. And this was only a small part of her life-changing month; in a matter of days she would have to decide what to do with her businesses, properties, dogs, everything that represented life before London, before Benjamin. Doubt began to flood her mind as she tried to rationalize how she could make these dramatic decisions based on such a short relationship, her first new one in over twenty years, with so many important issues still not discussed and worked out. What if he felt differently after being apart a few weeks? What if she did? The thought of leaving everything she knew filled her with fear; the thought of losing him by trying to hold onto it was just as frightening.
Benjamin squeezed her hand, bringing her back to the cool breeze on her face and the sunlight reflecting on the water around them.
“Are you all right?” he asked, his eyes bright with worry.
Caroline tried to force a reassuring smile, but the tears began to fill her eyes. She gasped, the emotional tide taking her unprepared. Benjamin quickly guided her down into the cabin and shut the door, away from the eyes of the captain and crewmen, to a row of cushioned seating, wrapping his arms around her as she sobbed into his chest, her body shaking as it tried to force all of these conflicting emotions out at once. He kissed her head, running his hand down her hair as she began to calm. He handed her a tissue.
“Talk to me, Caroline. Please,” his voice urged softly.
“I’m scared,” was all she could squeak out between shaky breaths. 
“Of what?”
She closed her eyes, wiping her nose as she stayed on his chest, not wanting to answer him. It was too much to explain and she was embarrassed at her emotional outburst. She had already cried too much since she came to London and, despite her season of grief, it was not her normal demeanor. She didn’t want him to think she was weak, an emotional wreck of a woman who needed to be coddled. Her very soul felt raw and open from the past few weeks, the past year and a half; perhaps it had not completely healed, now battle-worn again. She finally sat up to look at him; his expression was distraught, wanting to help and completely clueless as to what he should do. She touched his face.
“I’m just overwhelmed. It’s been quite a month.” She watched as his face didn’t change; he knew she was being evasive.
“What are you scared of, Caroline?” he whispered, his gaze intense; it was clear he was not going to let her back down. 
She stared back at him, barely breathing as she swallowed and answered softly, “I’m afraid of seeing John again. I’m afraid of all of the decisions I have to make when I get home. And I’m afraid of giving up everything and then you don’t want to be with me anymore.”
She held her breath as he stared back at her, unable to read his response – her best guess was a mixture of pain and worry, love and fear. He looked above her, still stroking her hair, as she dropped her hand from his cheek. After a moment, he closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against hers.
“What if you go home and don’t want to be with me anymore?” he confessed, “That is my fear. I love you, Caroline. I’ve waited forty years to love someone the way I love you and I can wait a month, two months, a year if needed, for us to be together.” 
The words washed over Caroline like a healing balm on her battle-weary soul. She closed her eyes, sighing deeply, and smiled.  She opened them again as he lifted his head to look at her, holding her face in his hands. 
“I don’t want to wait, but I can,” he added, breaking into a wide grin that made her giggle warmly, “I have no idea what’s about to happen with my career, but I want you to be there when it does.”
“I want to be there.”
They kissed and headed back up to the deck. The sun was bright on the water as they watched the London Eye passing portside. Caroline slid her sunglasses back on.
“We’ve prepared a light lunch for you, if you are ready?” the captain asked upon seeing they had returned. He had a twinkle in his eye and a lopsided, amused grin; it was obvious to Caroline what he thought they had been doing in the cabin.
“Yes, that would be lovely,” Caroline answered him. She hoped her sunglasses hid her puffy eyes; she would rather he kept his assumption than ask about her melt-down. Benjamin was oblivious as he looked out over the water. She leaned over and told him about the captain’s perception.
“Really? We weren’t down there that long,” he whispered conspiratorially back to her with a wink.
“I recall that on occasion you don’t need much time at all, Mr. Richardson,” she breathed back to him.
“Surely longer than that, Ms. Tate,” he said in a low growl, “I promise I will keep your attention all night tonight.”
She gasped at him, shifting in her seat as her body clenched inside at the implication. Oh, that sounds auspicious, she thought, her face feeling suddenly very warm. His eyes became dark and contemplative, his mouth a tight-lipped grin as he reached to grab her chin and run his thumb across her bottom lip.
“Perhaps we should reconsider the cabin,” she replied back, no longer caring what the captain may think.
“I think I would rather have you in our room,” he whispered in her ear, tracing his fingers down her neck, “where your beautiful noises won’t draw undue attention.”
“How very thoughtful of you,” she mused, smiling at the thought, “but I’m not sure if I can wait until we return.”
“Patience is a virtue, my love,” he teased as he kissed her quickly, his eyes burning into hers.
The crewman who had served them earlier filled their glasses with more chilled champagne, disappearing for a few minutes to return with their lunch, a Greek salad with seasoned chicken. As they ate, the captain brought the vessel around to follow the other bank, taking them back the way they had traveled, which gave them the opportunity to more closely observe the highlights on that shore. The London Eye was on their starboard side now, high above them. Caroline couldn’t help smiling as they passed it.
They arrived back at Canary Wharf an hour later, thanking the captain and crew for the tour and stepping back onto the pier. Benjamin seemed relieved to be on solid ground again.
“I’m sorry you got sick,” she told him as he grabbed her hand and they started walking.
“Oh, I feel much better now,” he smiled, “as soon as we got back on land again the last of it went away.”
He started walking ahead, toward the roundabout rather than the hotel. They entered the shopping district. It was just after one in the afternoon and the area was bustling with tourists and shoppers.
“Where are we going?” she asked, as they strolled.
“I just wanted to walk a bit. Is that ok?”
“I guess so. I thought we were going back to the hotel,” she replied, trying to hide the disappointment in her voice
“So impatient,” he teased her, “But I really would like to walk just for a short while.” 
She let his hand go, wrapping her arm around his back and sliding her hand in the back pocket of his jeans; he looked at her, a twinkle of amusement in his eye, before doing the same.  They walked slowly, stopping to look in various windows at things that caught their eye. Caroline watched as a few people took backward glances at them, but other than pointing the two of them out to companions no one approached them. She smiled when anyone made eye contact with her, remembering Benjamin’s response when she asked him how he handled strangers stopping him on the street. She could understand showing respect and appreciation for his fans, and a smile seemed the simplest way to do that.
They reached a corner and stopped to admire the sparkling displays in the Tiffany and Co. windows.  Caroline had never been to one; the closest was in Atlanta and she never had free time to explore during her business trips.
“How beautiful,” she commented at several extravagant and detailed brooches and gift items, “Quite a work of art.”
“Let’s go inside,” Benjamin insisted, releasing his arm to grab her hand, dragging her through the door before she knew what was happening.
She stood still as the door closed, lifting her sunglasses to the top of her head and letting her eyes adjust to the lighting. Everything seemed to sparkle and shine with color in the store, leaving her stunned with the brilliance of it. Benjamin was already ahead of her, wandering through the display counters, a sales clerk in a stylish grey suit following him. She walked into the room bewildered. After a few moments, Benjamin smiled and stopped at a display.
“May I help you with anything, sir?” the clerk asked politely, a smile on his face. Caroline wasn’t sure if he actually recognized him, despite the jeans and wrinkled shirt, but it was definitely a warm, genuine response, much nicer than the one she received from the sales clerk at the dress shop she and Helen first visited.
“Yes,” Benjamin replied as the gentleman in the grey suit moved behind the display counter he was looking in, “I would like to see that pendant; the gold one on the far right.”
The clerk brought out the display as Caroline came along side Benjamin. The small gold heart had a tiny, intricate leaf motif throughout; the top swoops of the framed outline linked to a fine, gold chain. It was exactly what she would have picked for herself.
“Do you like it?” he asked.
“It’s beautiful,” she said, looking up at him and smiling.
He handed the sales clerk his credit card. As the clerk ran the sale, Benjamin unhooked the clasp and placed the pendant around her neck. She lifted her hair for him to attach the clasp and he planted a kiss on her neck.
“To remember how much I love you while we are apart,” he whispered in her ear.
“How could I possibly forget?” she replied, turning around for him to see how it looked, running her fingers over it. She felt giddy at the unexpected, spontaneous gift and threw her arms around his neck kissing him, to the amusement of the other customers and staff. He wrapped his arms around her and smiled, kissing her again as the clerk handed him his receipt.

The late afternoon walk back to the hotel was hot as the sun shone off both the buildings and the water. They walked into the lobby, pulling sunglasses off, and headed to the headed up the elevator to their suite.
“Would you like a drink?” Benjamin asked her as they entered.
“A glass of wine would be nice,” she responded, sliding down into the sofa to enjoy the view out the large windows.
Benjamin poured their glasses and brought them in, sitting beside her. She was running her fingers down the gold pendant as she stared out at the Thames and London. She took the glass from him, smiling.
“Do you want to eat in, or would you like to go out for dinner tonight?”
“I think I’d like to eat in, if that is ok,” she answered, “Benjamin, how am I going to get my bags? I have to be at the airport early.”
“I already arranged for Thomas to take you to the airport. He will have your other luggage with him. He is going to pick you up from here.”
She couldn’t help being disappointed; she had assumed Benjamin would take her.
“I want you to be able to get through as anonymously as possible,” he explained, seeing her face, “I want to be there, but I think it is best if Thomas takes you.”
“That makes sense, I guess. I still don’t like it,” she responded, “but you can only take me as far as ticketing anyway.”
She sipped at her wine before getting up to grab a bag of mixed nuts from the bar. They hadn’t eaten since the light lunch on the boat and neither one of them had wanted tea service that afternoon. She offered him some.
“What do you want to do until dinner?” he asked, taking a few nuts and popping them in his mouth.
“We could go swimming in the pool,” she offered, taking a drink from her glass as she chewed.
“Would you like to?” he replied, a little surprised at her response.
She thought about it, “No. I like just sitting here.”
He leaned closer, his eyes half open, looking at her mouth, “How long do you want to just sit here? Until dinner? That’s a very long time.”
She gasped as he kissed her, tasting the saltiness of the nuts mixed with the sweetness of the wine on his tongue. He stopped and smiled at her seductively. She tipped the last of her wine into her mouth and put the glass down on the side table.
“I think you have an alternative in mind, Mr. Richardson,” she breathed back to him, “shall we discuss your plan?”
He smiled again, this time with amusement, finishing his wine and putting the glass on the coffee table.
Leaning against her ear, he whispered, “I think you should tell me another fantasy, Ms. Tate.”
Caroline’s insides clenched and she shivered involuntarily. She looked into his eyes, already dark with desire, as she was sure hers were.
“You haven’t shared one of yours yet,” she replied, already panting in anticipation.
“You are my fantasy Caroline,” he whispered, as he ran his nose down her neck, “I think you have some very creative ideas in that head of yours and I would like to know what they are.”
“I’m sure you could think up a few scenarios of your own Benjamin.”
She tilted her head, anticipating his continued journey down her neck. She felt his warm breath as he moved down and around, kissing the pendant. Before she knew what was happening, he grabbed her waist and pulled her onto the sofa, under him, kissing her. She wrapped her arms around him, pulling his t-shirt out of his jeans to slide her hands under and feel his skin. He kissed her hard, all tongue and fire now, groaning into her mouth. He unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, sliding his hand in. Caroline’s pelvis thrust to meet his fingers.
“I want you here, like I wanted you the first time at my flat,” he said through gritted teeth, “when I was trying to be a gentleman and you were making it so damn hard to be.”
He pulled his hand out of her jeans and knelt by her feet, pulling both jeans and panties off in one move. He unbuttoned his own, quickly wriggling out of them. He climbed back on top of her, one leg between hers as he placed all of his weight on her. He kissed her hard then stopped, watching her. Caroline felt him return his hand, stroking her sex as only he knew how, her body responding to his touch; his hips kept her from moving freely as the tension inside of her built higher and higher.
She grabbed his hair, pulling his mouth back to hers, as she moaned. In an instant, he was inside her, her legs wrapped tight around him, as he rammed into her quickly over and over. She was all sensation now, enraptured by his ardent desire for her, her love for him, and his ability to bring her to such levels of pleasure. 
“Ah, Benjamin,” she cried out as her body writhed and convulsed, climaxing hard around him.
She heard him moan as he slammed into her over and over before collapsing on her, breathing hard.
“So that’s what you wanted to do to me that night?” she asked, still panting, a smile crossing her face. 
He chuckled as he raised his head to look at her, “You have no idea how difficult it was to walk away from you. I dreamed of this for days afterward.”
“Really?” she teased him, “So we have fulfilled one of your fantasies.”
“Oh yes,” he smiled at her, “most satisfactorily I might add.”
He climbed off of her, grabbing his clothes from the floor. He leaned over her once more.
“Tonight is your turn again,” he whispered, brushing his lips against hers, “I am going to have a shower. Would you like to join me or would you prefer to just sit here a little longer?” 
She smiled, watching him walk to the bedroom, his naked behind peeking out from the bottom of his shirt that never made it off. She sighed and stretched before getting up to grab her jeans and panties to follow him.

Caroline wrapped herself in one of the plush terry robes provided, brushing her hair out on the bed as Benjamin shaved. 
She was getting hungry now, after all the activity since returning to the suite. She finished her hair and walked out to the desk in the living room area to retrieve the room service menu and return to the bed.
“Do you know what you’d like to eat for dinner?” she called out to him, “They have quite a selection.”
“I was thinking about the lamb,” he said, coming out with a towel wrapped around his waist and one across his neck as he finished wiping his face off. 
He sat on the side of the bed beside her and looked over the menu; when they had decided, she called it in, adding a bottle of wine to the order. She opened up her suitcase, pulling out panties and bra, a t-shirt and jeans.
“You really don’t have to get dressed,” he said, watching her, “You won’t be in them for long.”
She smiled at him, “One of us has to meet them at the door and I’m not completely comfortable doing that in a robe barely held shut by one tied belt.” She continued to dress as he shook his head, “what if it were to fly open by mistake? Let’s limit ourselves to one scandal at a time.”
“Would you like me to get dressed too?”
“No… unless you want to strip for me later,” she added as she finished pulling her t-shirt on.
His mouth dropped for a moment before responding, “Would you like that?”
“Maybe.” She walked out and to the sofa, a grin climbing across her face.
He was still in the bedroom by the time dinner arrived. She greeted the server, asking him to lay out the meal on the dining table and open the bottle of wine before leaving. She poured them each a glass, waiting on him to come out. The smell of the food made her mouth water and her stomach growl. She was very hungry now.
As she stood at the table and took a sip of the wine, Benjamin strolled around the corner. Caroline coughed into her glass when she saw him. 
He was dressed in the one suit he had brought with him, dark grey with vest and tie, fully attired, his hair slicked back. He smelled of musky shampoo and cologne, and he had a devastating, practically obscene, grin on his face.
“Oh my,” she sputtered out, “You look delicious.”
He held out her chair for her, then seated himself, still grinning in a way that made her clench deep inside. They started to eat. Caroline found herself unduly distracted by his attire, wondering what was going on. Did he want to go out after dinner? She hoped not, but she would accommodate him if he did; she had brought one finer dress with them.
“Why are you dressed like that?” she finally asked, still stunned as she ate the last of her curry.
“Because you deserve the best that I can offer,” he said, grabbing her hand and kissing the back of it, “And this will take me longer to strip out of than a t-shirt and jeans.”
Caroline felt her face flush hot as she choked down her bite of food.
“I was just kidding,” she stammered shyly.
“No you weren’t,” he stared back at her, his eyes dark, entertained by her denial, “Remember, I want you to have a memory worth waiting for.” He kissed her hand again, letting it go as he winked and grinned at her. She poured herself another glass of wine, drinking it quickly as she waited for him to finish his dinner.
“You push the very limits of my concupiscence Sir,” she said softly, fixing her eyes on his, “I think I might spontaneously combust if you keep this up.”
“Then we should get you someplace where others won’t be harmed,” he joked back to her, standing and offering his hand to her.
She took it and let him lead her back to the bedroom. The lights were dim as a sultry jazz number played on the stereo. The bed was already turned down; it was clear he had taken time to prepare the room as well as himself while she waited. 
“Wow,” was all she could manage to get out before he embraced her, kissing her gently. He took her hand and led her to the side of the bed to sit. She scooted to the middle, folding her feet under her, as he positioned himself standing at the foot of the bed.
“Do you want me to throw dollar bills at you?” she teased him.
“I’m hoping you throw yourself at me,” he responded, grinning. 
She flushed again as he unbuttoned his jacket, grabbing the lapels. He turned his back to her and playfully let it slide off one shoulder, making her laugh, before sliding it down his arms and onto the waiting ottoman. He turned back around and unbuttoned the vest, his face becoming more intense, as he pulled it around his shoulders and laid it on the jacket. Loosening his tie, he pulled it up and over his head, but instead of adding it to the pile he leaned over the bed and put it over her head and around her neck, pulling on it gently to bring her to him to kiss lightly. 
Caroline sat still, trying to keep her composure, gripping at the blankets under her as she watched. She couldn’t tell what turned her on more, the show he was putting on or the way he looked at her; her body was already very ready for him.
As he unbuttoned his wrist collars, still looking at her, she felt a smile begin to cross her face, a smile impossible to suppress, one that came upon her unbidden. She was completely beguiled by this man in front of her, a total stranger just a month ago, now someone she was willing to uproot her whole world to be with. A lightness filled her, a solid belief that everything was going to work out, and that she was going to be in love with this amazing man for the rest of her life.
“What is it?” he asked smiling back at her, diverted from the progress on the buttons down his shirt.
“You have no idea how over my head in love with you I am, do you?” she replied. 
She crawled to the end of the bed, kneeling and wrapping her arms around his waist.
“Oh, what you do to me, Benjamin Richardson,” she whispered as she kissed him, feeling his arms encircle her in return. 
She bit his bottom lip, moving down to his chin and neck, as she began to finish unbuttoning his shirt where he had stopped. He groaned and grabbed her hands.
“I believe the rule is that you are not supposed to touch me, not until the show is over at least,” he breathed back at her, blinking into her eyes as he composed himself, “and I think it is you that have no idea; I wouldn’t do this for anyone else.”
He smiled, gently pushing her back, “Enjoy the show. Don’t interrupt me again.”
Caroline’s eyes grew wide and her heart raced. She scooted up to the pillows and sat on her ankles, her hands on either side clutching at the blankets again. He finished opening his shirt and pulled it off one arm at a time, letting it slide to the floor. She thought he was going to go for his t-shirt next, but instead bent down and removed is dress shoes and socks, all the while watching her, his eyes large and dark, both amused and aroused, a hint of a smile still at the corners of his mouth. Caroline was counting how many pieces of clothing he had left at this point – three? The t-shirt was next, slowly pulling it out of the waistband of his pants and peeking out at her with a wink before taking it over his head and arms, then flinging it at her. She caught it and watched him gape at her as she balled it up in her hands and inhaled his scent deeply before flinging it back at him, laughing.
Unhooking his trousers, he stopped and smiled at her, “Would you like to help with the rest?”
She tilted her head at him as she considered his offer. She loosened the tie still around her neck and dropped it on the pillow. Grabbing the hem, she pulled her t-shirt up and over her head, off her arms, and dropped it on the floor beside the bed. She crawled to him, sliding her feet to the floor as she reached the foot of the bed, and stood in front of him. With her hands on his hips, they began to sway to the soft music still playing. She noticed that he left his hands down to his sides and his body close enough she could feel his heat but not touch him. She looked up into his eyes as they moved, her mouth open and dry, the heavenly tension between them rising with their heartbeats; he smelled so good. He reached around and unhooked her bra, letting only his fingertips touch her arms, as he slid the straps down and off of her. He moved ever so slightly closer; her nipples pressed against his chest and his arousal through his trousers were the only contact. Caroline sighed loudly at this touch; she wanted desperately to launch herself at him but the exquisite torment of this kept her from it.
“Are you ready to finish this dance?” he whispered, his breath on her neck and in her ear.
“Yes”
He slid his trousers and briefs off at once, stepping out of them and kicking them to the side, before grabbing her jeans and unbuttoning them. She helped him slide them off along with her panties, as he picked her up and climbed onto the bed, placing her gently under him. He lay on top of her, his elbows on either side of her head as he supported himself. She ran her fingers down his back.
“You are so beautiful,” he spoke softly to her as he curled his fingers in her hair, “I won’t be able to eat or sleep while we are apart, I will miss you too much.”
“Don’t say that. Say you love me enough to take care of yourself,” she chided.
“And I do love you,” he whispered, kissing her neck, “I want you and I need you, all of you.”
Caroline lifted her chin to give him better access to her neck as she ran her hands down his shoulders and back. As he slid to her side, she closed her eyes and reveled in the sensation of his lips and tongue on her. He moved down her body to ensnare a nipple with his mouth as his fingers and thumb worked the other; he knew exactly how to touch her to make her body bow and reach to him, and she gasped as she panted and wriggled under him. His mouth stayed in place as his hand slid down her body, down her belly, until it reached the desired destination. Her pelvis voluntarily bent up to meet him.
“You’re so wet,” he moaned in appreciation as he slid two fingers inside of her, “Oh Caroline, what you do to me.”
“It’s what you do to me, my love,” she breathed back to him.
He kissed her shoulder and neck again as his fingers slid up to circle and rub against her, building the clenched tension inside, as he moved slowly, never increasing his speed of movement. It was excruciating as she climbed and climbed, not quite reaching the peak of her desire and not wanting him to stop the consummate torture. She grabbed his hair and moaned into his mouth as he kissed her, entwining their tongues, tasting one another.
“No more, Benjamin, I can’t take it,” she pulled away, begging.
“I want to hear you say it.”
“I want you inside me, please, now,” she urged, beside herself in agony for him.
He stopped his tortuous fingers to move on top of her. Slowly he filled her; she gasped in pleasure at the feeling. Sliding out and into her at a slow pace, again and again, he left her body tormented and wanting more. She moaned and whimpered, digging her nails into his sides, willing him to move on her.
“Tell me, Caroline,” he panted, his eyes dark and wide, piercing into hers.
“Faster,” she demanded, her body all fiery sensation, “Harder, make me sore.”
Before she knew what was happening, he picked her up, holding her on his lap. She grabbed his shoulders as he moved her body against his quickly, his pelvis violently meeting their contact and forcing hers back up again. Caroline threw her head back and closed her eyes, the orgasm he had been holding back from her surging forward again. Within seconds she screamed, exploding around him, as her body writhed and bucked against him.
“Ah, Caroline,” he panted, lifting her thrice more before wrapping his arms around her and holding her tightly against his chest as her fingers sank into his wavy, sweat-dampened hair. She shook as he held her, not sure if it was only herself shaking; she could feel the dew beaded on the back of his neck and on his back as she slid one hand up and down. As she kissed his shoulder, tiny red marks became apparent, as his skin reacted to the nails she had inadvertently dug into him.
“I hurt you,” she whispered.
“What?” he asked, his voice one of complete contentment.
“I dug my nails into you. I can see the marks.”
“I didn’t feel it.” 
He loosened his arms to run his hands up and down her back, leaning back to admire her before kissing her gently.  They faced each other on their sides, not talking, simply looking, saturated with one another. Caroline closed her eyes and sighed, full of his love, full of hers.
“Are you tired?” he asked.
“No,” she replied, opening her eyes and smiling, “just very, very happy.”
Benjamin smiled back at her, “So am I. Would you like to take a bath?”
“Ooh, that sounds lovely,” she cooed back to him, “I forgot about the bathtub.”
Benjamin grinned as he got up and walked to the bathroom. She heard the water and decided to wait until he called her, too content to get up. Rolling over onto her back, she stretched out her arms and legs, reveling in the new appreciation she had for her own body, thanks to his adoration.
She finally rose and walked to the bathroom; Benjamin was peeking in the mirror at his shoulders and sides, where the red marks of her nails were now evident. She stopped.
“I am so sorry, Benjamin.” she said, embarrassed at what she had done to his skin.
His amusement was obvious; he was admiring the reflection.
“Don’t be. I consider it marks of a job well done,” he laughed back at her, holding her hand as she stepped into the large sandstone tub. 
She slid forward as he got in behind her, his legs straddling her. She leaned against his chest, waving her hands on top of the water to push the bubbles around, as he interlaced his fingers over her belly.
“I could get used to this, Mr. Richardson, this spoiling of me. Your mad skills in the bedroom,” she teased, “I could definitely enjoy this for a long, long time.”
“I hope you want to enjoy it for the rest of your life,” he said.
Caroline smiled, leaning her head over as he kissed her neck. Yes, she thought, I want that too. She knew she would have to make changes, too many to count, but she didn’t care. Leaning against him, his arms around her, her body still tingling from their lovemaking, all her thoughts were focused on finding her way back to him as soon as possible. They stayed like that until the water began to grow cold and their fingers wrinkled before climbing out to dry off and return to the bed, naked and cool skinned. 
Caroline pulled the covers over and scooted close to Benjamin, wanting his warmth, wanting him again. She kissed him, pulling him close, as she ran her hand down his face and neck.
“Again, sweet woman?” he mused, smiling through her kiss, “I thought you had your fill of me.”
“Not yet,” she grinned, “I need enough to tide myself over for a while.”
She started at his jaw, snaking kisses and nips down his neck, as she let her hands travel freely, one through his hair and the other down his body. She watched as he groaned and closed his eyes, letting her do as she liked to him. Her hand stopped at the hair below his navel, swirling it between her fingers, as she kissed him again, sucking his lower lip into her mouth. As she let it go, a smile traced across his face. She moved her hand down, stroking him, as she continued downward with her mouth, stopping to swirl her tongue around his nipple. He gasped and moved, still keeping his eyes closed.
“Do you like that?” she asked.
“Yes, very much,” he replied, smiling.
She moved to the other nipple, repeating her action, listening as he sighed. Moving further down, she placed light kisses on his belly, following the trail of hair that her fingers had crossed. She pushed the sheets and comforter off the bed, climbing over his leg to kneel between his thighs.
Taking the time to look at him, she stroked him once more and moved her hand down, past his base, exploring the rest of his manhood. He groaned and moved as she gently ran her hand over the soft skin, caressing his sack, before moving up to his base again. 
“You have quite a beautiful set of jewels, Mr. Richardson,” she told him, her voice low and breathy, “You should probably have them in a safe.”
He laughed, “You would be the only one I’d give the combination to, Ms. Tate.”
She smiled and bent down, gently kissing his tip, listening as he caught his breath again. She swirled her tongue lightly on it, barely touching him, as his hips moved. She did it again and again, feeling his thighs tighten beside her, as her hand held onto him, moving slowly. He was breathing heavy now, and she looked up to see him open his eyes.
“Do you want to watch me?” she whispered, her face hot and heart beating fast.
“Yes,” he panted back to her, “but I want to come inside of you.”
She swirled him with her tongue once more before taking him inside of her mouth, sucking. She felt his hands in her hair as she drew him in and out at a slow, steady pace as her hand traveled with her mouth. The noise of his breathing and groans made her tighten deep down, wanting him, ready for him. She sped up ever so slightly, for her own benefit, wondering how he had endured taking such time on her earlier.
 It wasn’t long before he grabbed her hair tight, “No more or I won’t be able to stop.”
“You, on top,” he commanded, as he helped her move out from between his legs to straddle him. 
She sank down on him, gasping at the sensation that always seemed new to her. Placing her hands on his abdomen she carried herself up and down as his hands on her hips led the tempo.  She reveled at his eyes on her now, no longer shy at his admiring, loving gaze. There was no one else she wanted like she wanted him, and she no longer doubted that he felt the same.
Their tempo quickened, she ground her body onto his, watching him watching her. She smiled through her open, panting mouth, before the flood of ecstasy washed over her. Groaning, she shuddered through it and kept moving until he gasped as well in his own release before collapsing onto his chest.
“You are amazing,” was all he said, his arms around her, kissing the top of her head.
She was feeling pretty damn amazing.

30

Thomas arrived at six, knocking on the door to the suite. Caroline answered it as Benjamin finished getting dressed in his suit.
“Good morning, Ms. Tate. You are looking much better I see,” he greeted her.
“Thank you, Thomas, I feel much better. How are you?”
“I’m very well. I have your luggage in the car downstairs. Do you have the rest of your things ready to go?”
Caroline pointed to her suitcase and computer case as he smiled and grabbed them up.
“It will take some time to get to the airport, mum. I will wait downstairs in the car for you.” He tipped his head and walked back out.
She wandered back in the bedroom as Benjamin was slipping his jacket on, fully dressed again in the same beautiful suit from the night before.
“This one will be my favorite from now on,” he smiled as he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her.
She tilted her head at him, “I refuse to cry. You have seen me do that enough.”
He ran his hand down her face, “But what if I do.”
“You are not allowed to,” she admonished, only half joking, “We have a memory to hold us over until everything is worked out. I’m not going anywhere, really.”
He kissed her again, enveloping her in his embrace, “I’ll walk you down to the car. I’m going to head back to Kensington.” He grabbed his bag as they headed down the hall to the elevator.
As they got in, he grabbed her hand, kissing the back of it. Caroline felt the tears try to well up at this simple gesture, and she scrambled to dab them back and focus on making sure she had all of her travel documents instead. The elevator opened on the lobby floor and they stepped out and walked to the sedan waiting just outside the entrance. Benjamin handed the valet his ticket.
“Call me as soon as you arrive safely in Savannah.” He wore a forced smile, his eyes betraying the anguish that she was also trying to hide.
She kissed him lightly then turned to the open door of the sedan. He grabbed her arm, pulling her back and close to him, kissing her deeply, passionately, one hand in her hair and the other around her back. She wrapped her arms around him, returning his ardor, only slightly aware of the many eyes now watching them.
As their kiss ended, he leaned his forehead on hers, whispering to her, “Do you know, really know, how much I love you?”
“I do, if it’s half as much as I love you,” she whispered back to him, “I will call as soon as I hit the ground, and every day after until we are back together.”
He kissed her once more before letting her go to get in the sedan. Thomas shut her door and got in the driver’s seat while Benjamin climbed into the Porsche, placing his bag in the passenger seat. They drove out together, each car turning the opposite direction to their destinations.
Caroline rode in silence with Thomas, concentrating on her travel itinerary and watching the sights of London pass by on the way to Heathrow Airport. Thomas insisted on parking the car and helping with her bags to the ticket counter.
“We have seating left in first class, Ms. Tate. Would you like to upgrade?” the ticket clerk asked, smiling as she confirmed her documentation.
“Yes, actually, I would,” she said as she passed over her credit card to cover the upgrade. 
The thought of an extra level of comfort and quiet on what could be an emotional ride home sounded like a great idea. Thomas passed her bags one at a time to the ticket counter, leaving her computer case with her. When they were finished, she walked him back to the entrance doors.
“Thank you for everything Thomas. I’m sorry you had to see my flat in that condition. That was way beyond your call of duty to Mr. Richardson.”
“I am just happy to know that you are all right. And Ms. Tate,” he hesitated.
“Yes?”
“I want you to know that I’ve never seen Mr. Richardson so content,” he smiled, “I hope to see you again very soon.”
“Me too Thomas.”

The flight from London to Atlanta was long, very long; Caroline was glad she had packed several books in her computer case, along with the private screen at her seat in first class where she scanned through movies and TV shows for something distracting. She slept much of the trip, as emotional exhaustion and the lack of sleep from her previous night’s activities took their toll.
“Ms. Tate? We are about to land in Atlanta,” the flight attendant said, gently waking her. Caroline put her books and laptop back in the case, set her seat up and made sure her seatbelt was in place.
The layover gave her enough time to clear customs and stretch her legs. While there was no first class seating for the second flight, it was very short, beginning to descend for Savannah within minutes of achieving flight altitude. 
The Savannah airport was busier than usual as she walked through the one long terminal and up the ramp past security.  Caroline heard Sue before she saw her as she screamed out her name in a thick homecoming drawl of affection. Caroline sped up the ramp, dropping the handle of her bag and giving Sue a full laughing hug.
“Oh my gawd, Caroline!” Sue gasped as she looked at her, “You’re a mix a’ bruises and sunshine. That sonofabitch really did a number on ya. I wish he were here, Sheriff Conley’d make sure he never saw the light of day again.
“But I do see a sparkle in that eye. Come on, let’s get yer bags and get some dinner. I wanna hear all about Benjamin. I think I am sick with envy. Marie woulda had a field day with this, ya’know.”
Caroline just smiled, realizing how much she had missed Sue’s constant talking and sense of humor. They collected her bags and headed to Sue’s SUV. A blast of Georgia summer heat and humidity as they walked out the terminal took Caroline by surprise for a second as she pulled her jacket off.
Caroline had to fight to stay awake as they traveled just over an hour to get home. It was only seven in the evening when they arrived, but she was still on Greenwich Mean Time; for her it was closer to midnight. 
“Sue, I can’t make it to dinner,” she begged her, “I am so tired. My day started like fourteen hours ago.”
“Want me to get something and bring it to the house?”
“I’m too tired to eat.”
They pulled up at Caroline’s house and brought her bags in. Sue gave her a big hug as she got ready to leave.
“Girl, I missed you,” Sue’s thick drawl was full of sincerity.
“I missed you too. And I will tell you everything you want to know tomorrow over dinner,” Caroline smiled, “Well, almost everything.”
“I’m gonna git that info outta ya, I just need to keep feedin’ ya margueritas,” Sue laughed as she walked to her car.
Caroline waved goodbye as she drove off and closed the door. She picked up her phone and called Benjamin, wondering if he would still be up.
“I was getting worried,” he grumbled, as if waking from a doze.
“I’m here, safely,” she replied, “I just got home.”
“Did you have a good flight?”
“Yes. But I’m so tired. I’m heading straight to bed.”
“Can I join you?” he laughed.
“I would love that,” she chuckled back, “How was your meeting?”
“Great. We start in four weeks. I’ll be living in LA for about four months. And Caroline…”
“What?”
“I told them I needed accommodations for two.”
She smiled.
“Are you still there?”
“Yes,” she replied, “I love you. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
Caroline hung up, walking to her room to get ready for bed. It was quiet in the house, but unlike when she left a month ago she didn’t feel the need to fill the silence. She pulled a nightgown out of her dresser and put it on, then brushed her teeth as she started a checklist of things she needed to do in the morning: pick up the dogs from the kennel, review her email, visit the office and pass out the trinkets she had bought for her management team, and so on.
Exhausted, she climbed into bed and fell asleep, her dreams filled with visions of London and roses.
