



WHERE FOREVER STARTED

Barbara Elsborg


COPYRIGHT

Where Forever Started is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2021 by Barbara Elsborg
Cover design by B4Jay
Edited by Deco

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or transmitted in any manner without written permission from Barbara Elsborg, except for brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. For all enquiries, please contact Barbara Elsborg at bjelsborg@gmail.com
Image/art disclaimer: Licensed material is being used for illustrative purposes only. Any person depicted in the licensed material is a model.

Smashwords Edition 
License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Acknowledgments
Thank you to Rita, Suki, Jo, Jay, Anna Bella for corrections, advice and support!
Table of Contents
Chapter One 
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Epilogue
About the Author






Where Forever Started

What would you do if you saw someone getting beaten up?
Have-a-go hero Barney really should have used his patented superpower—his Very Loud Scream—and not chanced his wobbly, faux bravado. Now he’s dodging a posse of angry yobs, his head reeling from more than the missile that just hit him. Just who is this stranger sprinting at his side?
By the time it’s safe for him and Raf to emerge from their refuge, there’s a definite connection between them. And yet there’s something about Raf’s story that doesn’t quite add up. Will Barney's I-dared-to-believe dreams go up in smoke or is this New Year’s Eve the one Where Forever Started? 



Chapter One

Barney fastened his coat, slung his backpack over his shoulder and took a final look in the mirror. He forced a smile onto his face, the smile that had to be maintained at all costs once he reached his father’s, no matter how difficult he found it. Leaving his room, he double locked the door and turned to see Simon leaning against the wall opposite, hands in his pockets, staring at him. Barney lost his smile.
“Can’t you leave your door open?” Simon asked. “Give someone a place to crash. You’ve nothing worth nicking, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
Fuck you! “No, sorry.” Barney headed for the stairs. Why the hell had he added sorry? He wasn’t sorry. He might not have much worth stealing, but no way did he want to come back to a trashed room or dirty sheets.
“You could share with me.” Simon called after him and laughed.
Been there, done it once, and never again. Simon’s version of fun was very different to his. It was both worrying and irritating that Simon wanted more. Barney hoped he’d just give up, but four months later, the guy was still lurking, still giving him looks he didn’t want, probably just trying to get him to move out so he could have Barney’s room, which was the best in the house.
The party had already started. The music was too loud, the scent of weed strong. As Barney reached the bottom of the stairs, Jamie emerged from the kitchen, holding two bottles of Corona.
“Can Mitch and Pixie sleep in your bed tonight?” Jamie asked.
“No. I’ll be sleeping in my bed tonight.” Probably. “Have a good party.” But not too good, not wreck-the-house good, not kick-my-bedroom-door-open good.
Barney stepped outside and his smile came back, his mood vastly improved by the sight of huge snowflakes floating as if by magic in the air. He loved snow. It hadn’t snowed over Christmas, just rained. His three housemates had gone home to their parents and he’d been on his own until they came back yesterday.
That sounded a bit sad, but he hadn’t minded spending Christmas alone. He’d watched what he liked on TV and been able to eat without being persuaded to cook for someone else. Most importantly, for a few days, everywhere had been tidy and spotlessly clean because after the last housemate had set off for the train station, Barney had spent hours spraying and polishing the communal rooms. He wasn’t a neat freak, but he didn’t like having to put up with other people’s dirt and mess.
Barney turned up his collar and pulled on his hat as he made his way to the bus stop a couple of streets away. He’d packed to stay overnight at his father’s, but he couldn’t count on being invited to sleep over. Since that had never happened, he doubted it would tonight, though he still hoped.
In an ideal world, he’d have a place of his own with no weirdos lurking outside his room and he’d be doing a job he loved that paid a decent wage. But Barney wasn’t currently living in an ideal world. He had two jobs, struggled to save as much money as he could for his project, and he lived in a house with one guy who freaked him out, and another two who smoked too much weed, and he could see no prospect of any of those things changing. Maybe his New Year’s resolution should be to make them change.
Yeah, right. Well, he could look for somewhere else to live, but he had his own bathroom, the room was large and reasonably priced, and the location convenient. It would be hard to find somewhere as good. Even so… Maybe he’d look in the new year.
It wasn’t a long wait before the bus pulled up. He stepped on board and pressed his card to the reader. His dad lived a few miles away in Rottingdean, in a big fuck-off house with his petite but domineering wife Debra. They had two sons and a daughter. All older than Barney. Barney’s mum had been Frank Garrett’s mistress, though Barney hadn’t understood just what that meant until he was a lot older.
Barney had seen a fair amount of his dad when he’d been small. He had his father’s name on his birth certificate and his father’s surname, but after his mother had died when Barney was twelve, he’d gone into care and that had been that. His dad only met up with him a few times a year, though he always sent him a birthday card with a cheque. Same at Christmas. Fifty quid this year, which Barney had used to buy new boots.
He understood why Debra hadn’t wanted another child in the house when she had three teenagers of her own. Though it wasn’t just that. Barney would have been a constant reminder of her husband cheating on her. Debra really wished Barney didn’t exist. But he did, and his dad invited him round every so often, or met him in town and bought him a meal. They’d last met up in October and that was when he’d invited Barney to their New Year’s Eve party. Barney hoped he hadn’t forgotten. He wouldn’t turn down any chance to be with his dad because he was the only relative who acknowledged him, and he remembered when he’d been little, how kind his dad had been to him and his mum.
It was still snowing when he got off the bus in Rottingdean and had started to settle. It was about a fifteen-minute uphill walk to his father’s house from the main road and he could see the lights display before he got there. He headed down the drive through an avenue of trees decorated with oversized baubles and smothered with fairy lights. His father had probably paid someone a lot of money to come and wrap the strings of lights around the trunk and branches. The house was illuminated too, twinkling icicles dangling from the eaves and lining every window, and there was a flickering display of snowflakes being projected onto the front of the building from a machine on the lawn. It looked lovely.
He registered the cars parked out front, the personalised number plates with the initials of his half-brothers and half-sister. No point being jealous. But I am. A bit. Though Barney’s car would be better than all these once he’d finished restoring it. He searched for the bell beneath the large Christmas wreath and pressed it.
Kaz yanked the door open with a smile on her face that fell away when she saw him. “Oh, it’s you. Mum!”
Behind her, Barney could see a huge Christmas tree festooned with colour co-ordinated decorations and big silver bows. Debra was obsessed with how things looked. She came to the door in a short, tight black dress, make-up immaculate, her hair an elaborate sculpture that could probably withstand a storm force gale. Botox had pulled all the expression out of her face.
She stared at him, rolled her eyes and yelled. “Frank!”
Uh oh. Barney didn’t have a good feeling about this. They weren’t expecting him. His dad appeared in a tux and came outside, pulling the door almost shut behind him. Barney knew that was as close as he’d get to going inside. Now he wished he’d not come.
“Hi, Barney. What’s up?”
He’s forgotten. Disappointment tugged at Barney’s heart. He didn’t want to make his dad feel bad that he hadn’t remembered inviting him, but…
“You asked me to come to your party tonight.” He plastered a smile on his face.
“Oh God. Did I? Sorry, Barney. Yeah, I did. I remember now. But there’s been a change of plan. Debra and I are off to an event at The Grand. Staying overnight. The kids are having their own party, with strict instructions not to let anyone throw up in the pool.” He chuckled. “But I’m sure they won’t mind you joining them.”
Oh God, do you know them at all? Though from the way his dad was blocking the door, Barney knew he didn’t expect to him to stay. “No, that’s fine. I’ve got another party I can go to. I just…”
Barney backed away. He was annoyed with himself for looking forward to this. He’d keep the chocolates he’d bought for Debra, and the mince pies he’d made himself and the wine he’d bought for his dad. The wine and the chocolates had cost him more than he should have spent, but he’d wanted to get something that would impress them. He tried to smile and couldn’t.
“Happy New Year, Dad.” Barney set off down the drive.
“Happy New Year,” his father said. “I’ll give you a call.”
Right.
“Did you get rid of that loser?” The loudness of Kaz’s voice showed she’d intended him to hear. “I don’t want him at our party.”
“Don’t talk about him like that. He’s leaving anyway.”
The door slammed and Barney jumped as if he’d been shot in the back. His heart felt like a lump of iron in his chest. He’d never asked his dad for help with anything. Partly out of pride, and partly because he knew Debra would veto any request, no matter how small. The annoying thing was that when his dad was around, she was sweetness and light. But if she saw Barney out in town, she ignored him and once, she’d come into the WHSmith’s where he worked, and cut him dead when he’d greeted her.
His dad owned car dealerships in Brighton and Sevenoaks that specialised in expensive cars like Ferraris and Lamborghinis. The faster the car, the more likely his dad was to stock it. Barney had talked to him about the car he was restoring, so his dad knew he wanted to be a mechanic, but Barney had never been offered a job and he was too proud to ask, too worried that he’d be turned down.
Back at the junction with the main road, he hesitated. Right took him to Brighton, but he didn’t want to go back to the house. Not this soon. It would be self-inflicted torture to listen to the others having a good time, even if it wasn’t the sort of good time he liked. Straight across the road led to the sea.
In the end, he crossed the road and started to walk back to Brighton. The snow was still fluttering down, but he wasn’t cold. He had his big chunky-knit scarf wrapped around his neck, and his blue gloves on his hands. If he got fed up of walking, he could catch the bus. Trouble was, walking gave him time to think, and thinking wasn’t good for his current state of mind.
I’m not happy. But he wasn’t sure how to make himself happy. A new job would help. One that paid enough that he didn’t have to work two jobs. A boyfriend would be nice too. One that didn’t cheat on him, or take him for granted, or knock him around. Barney seemed to have been a bit unlucky with boyfriends, and Simon definitely wasn’t going to get another chance, no matter how hard he lurked.
Thinking about jobs and boyfriends was not going to make him happy. There was no prospect of getting a job as a trainee mechanic because he had no qualifications, and there was no boyfriend because he’d lost faith in finding one who’d be as kind to him as he would be to them.
When a bus pulled up as he reached a stop, he took it as a sign he’d done enough thinking and climbed on. It was warm on board and he took off his gloves and snuggled down in the seat, rubbing the condensation off the window so he could look out at the falling snow. He wished this was a magical bus and he could just keep going, out of Brighton, out of England. Go on an adventure.
But all his adventures were inside his head. He didn’t even have a passport. Though it was more than that. Barney had always been a good boy. His mother had brought him up that way. To be kind and generous. To obey the rules and be careful. So Barney rarely took risks, rarely did the unexpected. Does that make me dull? He clenched his fists in his pockets. Do something brave tonight. He could go to a club and dance, hope that someone might dance with him, dream that someone might be a guy who’d want to see him again…
He stepped off the bus onto a busy promenade full of happy people, many of whom, judging by the meandering path they were taking, were already drunk. Considering it was snowing, he was surprised how little some were wearing, but pubs, clubs and restaurants all over Brighton would be heaving tonight with New Year events, many of which would be costume parties.
As Barney dodged revellers weaving their way along the pavement, he decided he’d treat himself to fish and chips. He was normally frugal with his money, but there was no point thinking he’d be able to use the kitchen back at the house. As he walked along the promenade, he spotted a noisy group ahead and a feeling in his gut told him to be careful.
Despite Brighton largely being a haven for gays, there was an element of the population that resented that, and Barney had good instincts for sensing trouble. But this could just as easily be drug related. He’d begun to detour when he realised two of the men were kicking someone lying curled up on the ground. Oh fuck.
Barney hesitated until he heard a cry of pain, then he ran at the group, hoping surprise might make them scatter. “Hey, stop it!” he shouted as he pushed his way through.
“Get fucking lost.” A guy elbowed Barney hard in the ribs and he yelped and reeled back only to be shoved forward by a protesting woman.
So much for being careful and not taking risks, but Barney wasn’t going to walk away and leave someone to get beaten. When the guy on the ground was kicked again, Barney pulled out his phone and pressed 9-9-9. “I’m calling the police.”
The guy who’d elbowed him snatched the phone from Barney’s hand, threw it on the ground and stamped on it. Pieces scattered everywhere. Shiiit. He heard someone laugh, then a menacing face with multiple piercings, topped by a crewcut, invaded Barney’s space. Barney stood his ground, but inside he was freaking out. I should have just phoned the police, not announced I was doing it. Idiot!
“Come on, Kenzo!” a woman shouted. “He might have got through to the cops. Leave it.”
“I know your face from somewhere,” the guy in front of him said. “Don’t let me see it again.”
Barney gulped. “I know your face too. Better run while you can.”
“Are you threatening me?” Kenzo laughed.
The faint sound of siren filled the air and the guy snorted, turned and walked away with the others.
Oh fuck. Barney’s courage dissolved. He dropped down by the man who lay curled up on the ground. Homeless, by the look of the rolled-up sleeping bag and collection of plastic carriers. He was breathing heavily and groaning. When he tried to get up, Barney took his arm and helped him. Blood was trickling down the guy’s cheek.
“No police,” he muttered. “Little fuckers.”
“You mean the guys who attacked you and not the police, right?”
The man huffed out a laugh, clutched his side and gasped.
Barney glanced at the remains of his phone and sighed. It was insured, but he’d be without one for a few days. “Are you okay?”
The man was taller than Barney, with a scraggy beard. It was hard to tell how old he was, but Barney guessed mid to late thirties. Probably ten or so years older than him. His hat was pulled low over his forehead and he looked as if he was wearing several layers of clothing.
“Your cheek’s bleeding.” Barney found a clean tissue in his pocket and dabbed at the guy’s face.
The man took the tissue from Barney’s fingers and held it there himself.
“Are you injured anywhere else?”
“I’m bruised. I’ll live. Unlike your phone. I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault.” Barney picked up the pieces and stuffed them in his pocket.
The police siren faded away.
“It is my fault. Thanks for coming to my aid. I appreciate it.”
“What did you do? Look at one of them? Mutter some innocuous comment that was taken the wrong way? Like only a mother could love a face like yours?”
The guy laughed, then grimaced in pain. “How did you guess?”
“I’ve been given a black eye twice for looking at someone. Not the same someone. I’m not that much of an idiot. But even a glance is too much when an arsehole is in that sort of mood.” He smiled at the guy and held out his hand. “My name’s Barney.”
The guy hesitated, then shook his hand. “Raf.”
“Are you sleeping rough?” Barney asked. “Or on your way to a costume party as a homeless person?”
“That’s an interesting thought and I wish I could say you’d guessed correctly, but no, I’m sleeping rough.”
“Are the hostels all full?”
“Yep.”
“Oh.” Barney felt sorry for the guy. “Can I buy you some fish and chips? I was just about to get some.”
The silence was so long, Barney wondered whether to repeat what he’d said.
“Do you have an ulterior motive?”
Barney frowned. “Such as? Wanting to nick your sleeping bag?”
Raf smiled. “I was thinking more in terms of you wanting to lead me onto the path of righteousness, and before I got to eat a chip, we’d pray together for Jesus to save me.”
“Er no. You can just eat the fish and chips. I might talk because I’m a bit of a gabbler, but not about Jesus.”
“I’d love fish and chips. Thanks.”
“The best fish and chip shop in Brighton is this way. You okay walking?”
“I’m fine. I think you saved me from serious injury. They were egging each other on. You were brave.”
A warm feeling surged through Barney’s gut. He probably been more stupid than brave, but he’d take brave. The two of them continued along the seafront, the snow falling a little more heavily. There was a thickening layer on the ground.
“You’re not out partying tonight?” Raf asked.
He had quite a posh voice. A nice voice. A voice that didn’t belong to a homeless person, but Barney knew better than to make snap judgements. There were all sorts of reasons why people were homeless and not all of them were to do with drugs and alcohol.
“No. Just doing my superhero thing. Looking for people in trouble, and I didn’t even have to activate my patented superpower.”
“Which is?”
“Screaming very loudly. I also have a pink belt in karate.”
“Is there a pink belt?”
Barney laughed. “I don’t think so. Why don’t you sit here in this shelter while I nip across the road to get the food? Fish and chips or something else? Pie? Battered sausage? Salt and vinegar, a drink? Little wooden fork?”
“Fish and chips would be great. Plenty of salt and vinegar. Yes, to the fork. Black coffee, no sugar. Thank you. I’ve got fifty pence…”
“My treat. I’ll be back in a few minutes.” Barney smiled and hurried across the road.
He wasn’t doing this guy a favour to make himself feel good, but he did feel good about helping him. Was that wrong? Okay, so his New Year’s Eve hadn’t turned out to be the party at his dad’s that he’d hoped for, but at least he had a bed to sleep in, a roof over his head and enough money to buy something hot to eat. He worried that cash given to homeless people might end up getting spent on drugs or alcohol, but he was fine about buying someone a drink or a sandwich. Or fish and chips.
Raf seemed a little…different to most of the homeless people Barney saw around town. Even with the offer of food, he did wonder if Raf would be sitting in the shelter when he got back, but he was on the bench, staring out to sea, and Barney dropped down beside him. Raf started when he saw him, but being homeless would keep you on edge and Raf had already had a bad scare that night.
“Only me.” Barney put the food and the coffees between them.
“Thank you.”
Barney unwrapped the paper from around his tray of food and opened it up on his lap. His mouth was watering and he sighed with pleasure when he bit into the first hot chip. The top ones were the best because they had the perfect amount of salt.
“I don’t know why they taste better eating them outside, but they do, don’t you think?” Barney glanced at Raf. “Even when it’s freezing cold and snowing, though at least it’s not snowing on us under here. Thank you to the Victorians who built this shelter and the wind for blowing offshore.”
Raf was eating quickly, almost shovelling the food in, but he nodded.
“How long have you been homeless?”
“Not long.”
“A bad time of year to have no roof over your head.”
“Yep.”
“What did you do before you became homeless?”
“Lived in a house.”
Barney laughed, then snapped it off. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have laughed. Am I asking too many questions? But I meant what did you do for a living?”
“I owned a company.”
“Oh wow.” Barney couldn’t help but wonder what he’d done to lose a house and a company. Maybe a wife too.
“What about you?” Raf asked.
“I don’t own a company. Or a house.”
Raf chuckled.
“My day job is on the till at WHSmith. Three evenings a week, I clean business premises, when I’m not roaming the streets of Brighton being a superhero, obviously.”
“Are you working tomorrow?”
“Not at WHSmith’s. I have the day off. Though I have to do the cleaning job because there’s only me on duty over the holiday. Instead of going in late after everyone’s left, I can go in early because no one’s working tomorrow.”
That gave him an idea. Definitely not a good one. One that was out of character. But… The snow started to fall more thickly, obscuring the view of the sea, and Barney winced. He couldn’t leave Raf out in this.
Raf finished eating before him and balled up the paper. “Thanks for that. I need to get somewhere under cover before all the good spots are taken.”
“Would you like my scarf?” Barney blurted. It was his favourite one, but he had another.
“Thank you for the offer, but I’m fine.”
“Would… Would you like to come home with me?” Oh God. Did I ask him that?
Raf just stared at him, probably able to tell that Barney had not meant to blurt that out. But he had and he’d stick by his offer.
“Are you sure?” Raf asked.
Barney took a deep breath. “I’ll have to sneak you in, put your stuff somewhere before we arrive so you don’t look homeless… Oh that sounded bad. I’m sorry. I’ll go down and get your things once you’re in my room. I have a shower. You can have the bed and I’ll sleep on the floor. But we have to be careful to get in without anyone noticing.”
One look at Raf, and the others, no matter how stoned and drunk they were, would object to a homeless guy coming into the house. Raf was either a big or wearing a lot of layers and his clothes were dirty. If Barney’s housemates saw him, Barney would be the butt of their jokes for eternity. Probably longer. Barney and the tramp. He could hear them say it.
“Really?” Raf stared straight at him.
“Yes, I really have a shower.” Barney smiled. I’m an idiot.
“Are you thinking you’re an idiot?”
“Oh my God! You have a superpower too. Reading minds is so much more useful than screaming loudly.”
Raf chuckled. “I’m not sure about that.”
Barney sighed. “I’m taking a risk but as long as you don’t trash the place or steal stuff or kill me and spray blood all over the walls, it should be fine. If you are intending to kill me, please don’t make a mess.”
“The mess wouldn’t matter if you were dead.”
“That’s true. So make a mess. It will be my parting gift to my irritating housemates.” This conversation had taken a weird turn.
“I’d be taking a risk too,” Raf said. “You might be luring me somewhere so the group that attacked me earlier can torture and kill me. You lulled me into a false sense of security by helping me, but you’re in league with them and they’re waiting for us to arrive at your house.”
A really weird turn. Barney gaped at him. I like him. “But then I wouldn’t have bought you fish and chips and coffee because torture would result in you vomiting, and think of the mess. Who’d clean it up?”
Raf gave a choked laugh.
“Do you think that lot have enough brain power to plan kidnap and torture?” Barney asked.
“No. You’re right.”
“I live with three other guys but tonight the house will be full of people because they’re having a party. It’ll go on and on and it’ll be noisy but at least you’ll be warm, and you can get clean.”
“Do I smell? Ack, don’t answer that.”
“I wasn’t suggesting you did, but I thought maybe you’d appreciate a shower.”
“I would. Thank you. I think… I think that sounds great. The kindest thing anyone has offered me for a long time. Maybe in forever.” Raf gave a short laugh. “I won’t let you down. I promise not to steal anything or trash the place.”
“Or spray blood everywhere?”
“I’m a very tidy killer.”
Barney gulped. “Don’t forget about my pink belt in karate and my superpower.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot. I won’t mess with you.”
Barney was only slightly reassured.


Chapter Two


“Are you okay walking?” Barney asked. “It’s not too far.”
“I’m fine.”
“Need me to carry anything?”
“No, I’m okay, thanks.”
They headed along the promenade until they reached the pier, then Barney led him across the road and up towards Brighton Pavilion and with every step he took, he wondered if he was doing the right thing. There was a big difference between buying someone fish and chips and inviting them to spend the night in your room.
“Were you living in Brighton before you became homeless?” he asked.
“Yes. Preston Park.”
“Oh, my dad used to live around there until he—they moved to Rottingdean.”
“You didn’t live with him?”
“I’ve never lived with him. My mum… He had an affair with my mum, and I was the result. He was already married with three kids, so… I don’t know if my mum thought he’d leave his wife for her, but he never did.”
“Do you see him often?”
“A few times a year.” Barney blinked a flake of snow from his eyelashes. “I thought I’d been invited to a party at their house tonight. Well, he did invite me, but I guess things changed and he forgot. I arrived to find Dad and his wife going out, and their children using the house for their own celebration. They have an indoor swimming pool.” Barney had his trunks in his backpack, just in case. “Like that’s relevant.” He gave a short laugh.
“And they didn’t invite you to stay for the party?” Raf sounded shocked, which made Barney feel a little better.
“Nope. They don’t like me. Kaz, my half-sister, comes into WHSmith and does stuff to annoy me, like messing around with the displays. I think she’s trying to get me sacked. My half-brothers are just angry on their mum’s behalf and I do understand, but it’s not my fault, even though they act as if it is.”
“They’re jealous of you.”
“And I try not to be jealous of them. If they had wanted me to stay tonight, I’d have been suspicious. They’d have probably spiked my drink, knocked me out then broken something and claimed I’d done it. You’d think they’d have grown out of teenage pettiness now they’re in their late twenties and thirties, but no. They resent my existence. It isn’t as if my dad does stuff for me that he doesn’t do for them. It’s the opposite way round but… Oh well.” Too much moaning. He pointed across the street. “This way.”
“Sure you don’t have somewhere better to be? Out with your friends?” They stepped off the pavement to avoid a group of partygoers dressed as cheerleaders. Men and women. With short skirts and bare legs. Barney shivered.
“I don’t have many friends, and they’re all currently partnered up and trying too hard to fix me up with someone. I’m not that desperate for a New Year’s Eve kiss.”
“Maybe I should tell you that I’m gay,” Raf said.
Oh! “Are you?” Barney glanced at him. “Hard to tell under all that designer gear.”
Raf chuckled.
“I think in Brighton, you’re probably safe assuming that everyone’s gay.” Though he hadn’t assumed Raf was. “I am too, in case you’re wondering. I thought the reference to a pink karate belt might have given me away.”
“I wasn’t sure. I didn’t want to put you in an awkward position.”
“Like on my knees with my bum in the air?” Barney groaned. “Sorry that just slipped out.” I’m so stupid! “People can be what they want and into whatever they want. I’m not the type to judge others for what they are or what they believe in, even if I violently disagree. Though I might have a mutter about it in private. But as long as no one gets hurt, then what’s the problem? One thing I can’t step away from is seeing someone being bullied. Though if I’d known you’d looked at one of them…” He tsked.
Raf laughed.
“If everyone were kinder and more considerate, the world would be a better place,” Barney said. “My mum told me that and it’s what I continue to believe.”
“A world full of people like you?”
Barney chuckled. “Nah. Most people are kind and considerate. It’s just the few who aren’t who sometimes spoil it for others. And I don’t know how to get through to people like that. Like the ones who were kicking you and then hit me and smashed my phone. They wouldn’t want to be treated like that themselves, so what the fuck were they thinking?”
“They weren’t.”
Barney shrugged. “Probably not.”
“Barney,” Raf whispered. “Don’t look, but I think we’re being followed.”
His heart thumped. “Who by?”
“I’m guessing it’s the gang from earlier.”
“Shit. Walk a bit faster.” Barney swallowed hard.
“Let’s cross the road and we can see what’s happening,” Raf said quietly.
As they stepped into the road, Barney glanced back and saw five guys behind them. No women. He recognised the one who’d thumped him and fear dried his throat. The house wasn’t as close as the business premises he was going to clean tomorrow, and leading them to the house suddenly seemed like a really bad idea. His housemates would not be happy.
The group behind them was getting closer.
“We need to run. Can you?” Barney asked as he walked faster.
“Yes.”
“I’m going to take us to where I clean. It’ll be safer. Xerta Advertising.”
Barney had taken a few steps before he realised Raf was no longer at his side. He turned to see Raf still moving, but shifting his bedroll to his other shoulder. The guys behind them had started to close in. Where was a policeman when you needed one?
“Run!” Barney urged, relieved when Raf started to sprint.
He could hear the men jeering and calling behind them as he and Raf were chased. Being called names wasn’t a problem, a beating would be. He was relieved Raf was able to run after his kicking, and that he was fast. Xerta was only about a hundred yards away, but they needed to get there in time for Barney to open the door and lock it before they were caught.
A bottle clipped Barney’s head and he staggered as it smashed on the ground. He’d have fallen if Raf hadn’t snagged his arm and hauled him upright. They were running flat out now. Barney really wanted to get around the corner and inside Xerta without being seen.
His heart pounded. He didn’t have the breath to tell Raf his plan, but Raf stayed at his side and they rounded the corner together. Barney pulled his keys from his pocket and held them tightly in his hand. Don’t drop them. Don’t fumble! The key went straight into the lock, he turned it and they stepped inside. But they’d not made it unseen. The men were running up to the door as Barney struggled to put the key back in the lock.
“Let me.” Raf took over.
Barney ran to the alarm keypad and keyed in the number, though after he had, he thought he could have just let it go off and at least the police would have come.
He went back to Raf’s side and stood next to him as they stared through the glass at the men.
“Please go away,” Barney whispered, his chest heaving.
The one called Kenzo came up to the door, and pointed at Barney, then Raf, and ran his pierced tongue up the glass before leaving.
“Oh God.” Barney shuddered. “Unhygienic bastard. Maybe he’s telling us he’d like to lick our cocks.”
Raf laughed. “I suspect not.” He pushed the keys back into Barney’s hand. “Do you think they’ve given up?”
“Probably not. I mean what the fuck? There’s plenty of other people to beat up. Just what sort of look did you give them?”
Raf winced. “I might have said go fuck yourself when one of them spat at me.”
“Oh, that’s it then. All your fault. Where were your manners? I’m sorry for being in your way when you expectorated. Please forgive me. That’s all you needed to say.”
“I prefer Go fuck yourself.”
Barney laughed. “I think we’re safe in here. They’d have to break in and I don’t think they’d go that far. Let’s go upstairs. We might be able to see if they’re hanging around.”
“Are you okay? What about your head?”
Barney rubbed his head through his hat and winced. There was a lump. “I’m okay, just winded, but I don’t think I can do three flights of stairs. We’ll take the lift.”
The lift doors opened onto the glass façade of the advertising agency, with Xerta written across in fancy lettering. Once Barney had unlocked the door, he switched off the alarm in there and locked the door again behind them. “I’ve been thinking.”
“And?”
“What if we stayed here for a few hours? There’s a small gym. Not that I’m suggesting you use that but there’s a shower and a washer drier and I can wash your clothes. If I did my cleaning job tonight, I wouldn’t have to come in tomorrow and though I’m not supposed to bring anyone in here with me, the worst they can do is sack me. But they won’t find out, will they?”
Barney walked over to the window and stared down. Raf came up at his side.
“I can’t see them,” Barney said. “But look at the snow.” It was almost a whiteout. “Why couldn’t it have done that at Christmas? Oh sorry. I guess you don’t want it to snow at any time.”
He switched on the lights in reception and both he and Raf blinked against the brightness. Raf had really dark eyes and insanely long eyelashes. And that really unfortunate beard. Stop staring!
“I’m not sure I understand why you’re doing this for me,” Raf said.
“I’m doing it for me too. I’m being a good person. I wasn’t just going to run off and leave you.”
“You didn’t need to step in. You could have called the police and kept out of it. So why did you get involved?”
“Wouldn’t you have?”
“I hope I would have.”
Barney sighed. “There you are then. Some things you just feel you need to do. Like eating chocolate when it’s offered. I don’t think I’ve ever said no to chocolate in my entire life. Part of me stepping in was because I sort of got kicked in the teeth tonight at my dad’s and I was feeling sorry for myself. Then I saw you getting literally kicked, but not in the teeth fortunately, and I knew there was a lot worse to be sorry about than my dad forgetting he’d invited me to a party.”
“But you could have still walked away. You didn’t need to buy me food and bring me here.”
“Why not give you a break? Why not start off the new year feeling warm and happy, and maybe optimistic? In a few minutes, you’ll be in a shower, and in an hour or so, you’ll have a bag of clean clothes, and I’ll be feeling happy because I took a risk for once and made someone’s life better. Sainthood beckons.”
Barney opened the door to the large open plan office and gave a loud groan. “Bloody hell.”
“Looks like they had quite a party,” Raf muttered.
There were bottles of wine, cans of beer, and empty and half-full plastic glasses on desks and on the floor, along with plates of half-eaten food. Barney picked a way through the mess and opened the door at the end that led to a line of individual offices, the boardroom, gym, bathroom and kitchen.
“This is the bathroom.” He pushed open the door of the shower room hoping it wasn’t full of anything it shouldn’t be, but it looked okay. “How about you put all your dirty gear outside the door, and I’ll wash it. There are towels in here.” He opened a cupboard and pulled two out. “Put your dirty stuff out as soon as you can because the machine will take a while. I’ll be cleaning while you’re…cleaning.” He smiled.
Raf smiled back and when Barney looked into his dark eyes, he felt a twist in his gut, a reminder that despite not being with anyone for quite some time, he was still a gay guy and that another good-looking gay guy could turn him on. Even though Barney was not into beards. At all. Ugh.
“Thank you,” Raf said. “Two words that don’t show how grateful I am. I have longed for a hot shower. Dreamt of one. Would have killed for one. But I heard the warning there. Murderous intentions not allowed.”
Barney grinned. “Knock yourself out. Except don’t. Not really.” He cringed. “Oh God, really, really don’t because I don’t want to have to explain what you’re doing in here. Unless I said you were helping me clean, but I’d still get into trouble. Especially if you accidentally killed yourself.”
“I’ll be very careful.”
Barney pulled open the door. “Have fun.”
Once the door was closed, he groaned. Was there anything more stupid he could have said? Have fun? Doing what? Have a wank while thinking about me? He was a fool. Please don’t let this go horribly wrong. There was no reason for them to still be in the building. Barney wasn’t sure if the phones were working for him to call the police, but they could have stayed downstairs and waited until they were sure those guys had gone.
Barney wasn’t certain he’d had the whole truth about why they’d been kicking Raf, but since thugs like that didn’t need a reason, he might as well accept what Raf had said. Barney had found out the hard way that blindly trusting people was a mistake, but it was a mistake he kept deliberately making because it seemed wrong to assume people weren’t being honest and truthful. How could he live with himself if he didn’t give people a chance? Though if they cocked up, they didn’t usually get a second chance. Apart from his dad.
He put his coat, scarf, hat and bag down inside the boardroom which looked fine, no signs of partying in there, and changed into the clothes he’d brought for tomorrow, before repacking his best trousers and dress shirt. He didn’t really want to clean in his good jeans and T-shirt, but better those than the clothes he’d been wearing. He went to get the trolley from the cleaner’s room and checked he had enough of everything he might need without restocking from the shelves.
As he wheeled the trolley back down the corridor to the main room, the door of the bathroom opened, and a pile of laundry landed on the floor before the door closed again. Barney picked everything up, wincing at the state of it and the smell of it, and went back to the washer drier in the cleaner’s room. He always checked labels before he put any item in the machine, to make sure they didn’t need special treatment, but when he looked, nothing of Raf’s had a label, not even the sleeping bag. It seemed as though they’d been cut out.
That brought him up short. Why do that? It wasn’t as if they’d have had name tags like they did on school uniforms. He doubted Raf was lying about his name. It was too unusual. And why would he lie? Why did it matter who’d made the clothing? Barney frowned but could come up with no explanation. Everything went in on the quickest programme, including the sleeping bag, with a hefty dose of detergent and a double spin, and Barney went back to his trolley.
He’d filled four large black bags with rubbish before he noticed a piece of paper taped to the back of the door. Cleaners. Take Christmas decs down. Throw everything away except lights. No please or thank you. Barney was being paid for two hours work instead of one because Fernando was away, though if he took longer than that, he wouldn’t be paid extra. No New Year’s bonus for him. But he never felt he could leave any premises until he’d made everything sparkle. That meant he sometimes didn’t get to bed until after midnight.
Not that Fernando had the same work ethic. He did no more than an hour and walked out. Barney hadn’t particularly wanted days off this Christmas and New Year, but Fernando had just asked their boss and got what he wanted without Barney being consulted. When Barney had brought it up, he’d just been told he could have the time off next year. Right.
Barney grabbed another bag and pulled down the paper chains that hung around the windows. He tossed dried-up mistletoe into the bag, peeled stick-on Santas from the windows, and emptied the wastepaper bins while he was at it. He rescued a pack of cards, 52 Things to do in Your Life, from one bin, and slipped it into his pocket.
Once he’d found some cardboard, he rolled up the strings of lights, but he couldn’t bring himself to throw everything away. Some of it seemed too good for that. There were brightly coloured balls made of tissue paper hanging over each desk and he took them down and folded them flat again, pinning them with paperclips. They, the lights and anything else that looked too good to toss went into a cardboard box, and he wrote CHRISTMAS on the top.
Barney was wary of throwing anything away. Even stuff in the wastepaper bins needed to be checked, because people make mistakes and once, he’d been blamed for taking something off a desk when he’d remembered seeing it in the bin. Fortunately, the rubbish hadn’t been collected and the item was retrieved. By him. With a lot of effort. And no thanks. He’d probably need to put those 52 Things to do in Your Life cards back before he left but he’d thought he and Raf could go through them. Though was that insensitive if Raf didn’t even have a roof over his head?
He reached for his phone to check the time until he remembered he no longer had a phone, and instead went to check on the washing. The programme was just finishing so he waited for the extra spin cycle to end, then switched the machine to dry. He was a little surprised there’d been no sign of Raf, and when he reached the bathroom door, he stopped and listened. He could still hear the water running. Is he okay? Should I go in?
He decided against it. By the time Barney had done everything but the floor of the main room, most of the clothes were dry and there was no sound coming from the bathroom. He folded Raf’s things into a neat pile and carried them to the bathroom door. Barney knocked and said, “Most of your stuff is dry. I’ll leave the rest in a bit longer. I’ve put your clothes outside the door, okay?”
“Thanks.”
At least he was still alive. That was a long time to spend in the bathroom, but Barney didn’t blame him for lingering in the shower.
After he’d taken all the bags of rubbish down to the bins in the yard at the back—an enclosed safe area—he pushed the floor polisher to the main room and plugged it in. Starting at the door to reception, he worked backwards, dragging the heavy machine back and forth over the floor, moving chairs and bins out of the way, then putting them back in place. He’d almost reached the door to the executive offices when it opened, and a guy stepped out.
For a long moment, Barney froze in shock. How had someone got in without him seeing? Then he gave himself a mental slap. This guy didn’t have a beard, but of course it was Raf. Do not make any comment about him turning into Mr Gorgeous. But he had. Without all the extra layers he looked as slim as Barney.
“Feel better?” Barney asked.
Raf rubbed his chin. “Much. I didn’t like the beard but it kept me warmer so I hadn’t bothered shaving. I would have come out before, but I put all my clothes outside the door without thinking and those towels are small.” He chuckled. “So after I shaved and cleaned up, I had another shower.” He looked around. “Wow, you’ve worked hard. I assume it’s not usually as bad as it was tonight.”
“No. They’re pretty tidy, but I suppose once they’d had the party, they wanted to go off to other parties. Tidying up after you’ve been celebrating does take the shine off.”
“Is there anything I can do?”
“You could finish the floor while I do the offices. Hopefully, they didn’t party in there as well.”
“Show me what to do.”
“You need to keep the weight evenly balanced or the machine will bounce. Press the red button and just move it back and forth over the floor.”
Once Barney knew that Raf had got the hang of it, he went to check the offices. He had a key for each one. Mr V’s didn’t look any different from when he’d last been in there a week ago. Even before that, come to think of it. Nothing was dusty, the wastepaper bin was empty, so Barney locked it up again and went next door. Ms B’s only required a quick dust and tidy, her coffee mug taking to the kitchen for a wash, and the wastepaper bin emptying. Mr P’s required a long blink and a heavy sigh. Barney guessed he was the art director. There was paper with drawings everywhere, but unless it was screwed into a ball, Barney didn’t touch it. Even then, all the waste went into a bag that he left in the corner of the room. Mr P was the one who’d accused him of throwing something away that had definitely been in the bin.
By the time Barney came back into the main room with the rest of Raf’s now dry stuff, the floor was gleaming.
“Wow, that looks great.”
“I did the reception area as well.”
“Thank you. Maybe you could get a job as a cleaner?”
Raf laughed. “No way.”
Barney turned so that Raf didn’t see his face. He felt Raf come up behind him and quickly plastered a smile on his face before he swivelled round.
“That didn’t sound the way I wanted it to sound,” Raf said.
“It’s okay. You owned a company in your former life, you wouldn’t think being a cleaner was much of a job. But someone has to do it. And it’s good for me because the hours are late so I can do a day job too. And while you have no home and no money, any job should look good to you.”
“You’re right. I can’t afford to be choosy.”
“Well, you can be a bit choosy. I couldn’t be someone who had to collect and clean porta potties. Nor would I want to be paid to hurt someone even if they begged me to do it. And I definitely wouldn’t want to clean up crime scenes. The company I work for has a special unit that does that.” He shuddered. “More money, but…”
“So what job would you like to do?”
“Car mechanic.”
“So why aren’t you?”
“No qualifications. No one wants to offer me a job.” He shrugged. “Maybe I could work in a place like this, not cleaning, but writing adverts.”
“Then do that.”
Barney frowned. “For someone who currently has no job you’re very confident that you can just do what you want. I know it’s hard to get a job in advertising because one of my housemates tried and gave up.” He looked around. “Sometimes when I see what they’re working on here, I’m tempted to scribble an idea on a piece of paper and put it on one of these desks. Let them wonder where it came from. An ideas fairy.”
“Want to give me an example?”
Raf was staring at him now and Barney could feel his heart thumping. Forget the fact that Raf was homeless, he was exactly Barney’s type, the type he never bothered making a play for because there was no way in hell he’d ever succeed. Older than him. Taller than him. Darker hair than him. Raf no longer looked cold, sad, dirty and homeless. He looked like he belonged in an ad selling aftershave. Even with that scratch on his cheek.
“Well…” Barney hesitated, then walked over to one of the drawing boards. “They look like they’re working on an ad for a new kind of smoothie. One that’s naturally good with no added extras.” He ran his gaze around the flow chart someone had drawn with a blue Sharpie. “But there are so many smoothies on the market. Why is this one different? Why should people buy this one and not another brand?”
Raf sat on a desk. “You tell me.”
“Assuming there’s no basic difference between this and the best-selling brand, not even cost, then you have to come up with a difference. Without lying.”
Raf gave a short laugh. “A USP.”
“What’s that?”
“A unique selling point.”
“Right. So a catchier name? A famous person drinking it? Is it kid-friendly and low sugar? If not, it should be, regardless, these days. Do you remember the online chatter over whether that new smoothie was blue or green? It was all over Twitter and Instagram. That was brilliant exposure. The company knew it was more green than blue, but the argument about it must have improved sales.”
“So what about this one? What’s it called? Smooth and Easy?”
The name was in capitals at the top of the chart. “That does nothing for me. Could be describing lube.”
Raf snorted. “Oh God.”
“What about Liquid Life? Star Juice? Don’t Drink Me?”
Raf laughed. “Don’t Drink Me?”
“But doesn’t that make you want to drink it? Or Drink Me, like in Alice in Wonderland. Or Ju C? Get it? Juicy, but more eye-catching. Or Juice Juice Baby? Smooth Company? I guess it is smooth and easy, but that sounds too ordinary.”
“Yep, I’m not fond of that. I like the idea of Star Juice.”
“Kids would love it. In seven colours. One for every day of the week. You could have an advert with a rainbow breaking apart and making a smoothie out of each colour. What about Smooth Over the Cracks? Too long?”
“Probably.” Raf stared at him.
Barney swallowed hard. That stare… “Well, probably crap ideas anyway. Advertising’s not my thing. Unless it’s for cars.” Barney headed for the floor machine. “I just need to put this away and clean the bathroom, load the towels you’ve used into the washer. Everything’s done then.”
“I’ll help you.”
“You don’t need to.”
“I want to.”
Raf followed him. “Does this corridor need buffing too?”
“No, it’s okay until next time.” Barney closed the cleaner’s room and headed for the bathroom. He gasped when he went in. “You already cleaned it.”
“I told you I cleaned up. I do know how to clean. I just don’t want to do it for a living.”
Barney scooped up the towels and took them to the machine. Once he’d started the wash, he came out to find Raf in the corridor. He gave Barney a look that made his heart falter. I don’t want him to leave. I want us to sit and talk. Barney tried to think of something to say.
“Like a mince pie?” he asked.
Oh God, I’m an idiot.


Chapter Three


Well, that was a way to wreck the mood. Offer someone a mince pie. Barney swallowed hard. Had he been imagining that look on Raf’s face?
“I’d love a mince pie.” Raf looked as shocked as Barney felt. But shocked by what?
“They’re in my bag in the boardroom.” Barney followed Raf down the corridor.
When Raf opened the boardroom door, Barney frowned. “How did you know which one it was?”
Raf turned and shrugged. “I guessed. The rooms at the side have to be smaller so it made sense to be the one at the end.”
Did it?
Raf put his things on the floor just inside the door, and turned on the lights, but not fully on. He must have realised there was a dimmer switch. Barney took the mince pies from his bag, and after a moment’s hesitation, the bottle of wine as well.
“Would you like a drink?” Barney asked. “I put the unused plastic glasses in the kitchen so we don’t have to swig from the bottle.”
“What else have you got in your bag?”
“Chocolates, but I’m not sure I like you enough to share those yet.”
Raf laughed. “I’d love some wine.”
“I’ll get the glasses.” Barney was still wondering what the hell he was doing as he hurried down the corridor. They should have been out of there before they were discovered. There was no reason to linger. No way would Kenzo and the others still be around. But Barney grabbed two glasses and went back to the boardroom. Raf stood by the window, looking out at the snow. Barney picked up the bottle and the mince pies and went to join him.
“Wow, it’s Snowmageddon,” Barney said.
“I'm pretty sure no one will be hanging around in this waiting for us to come out of here.”
Just what I was thinking. A lump formed in Barney’s throat. “Do you want to leave?”
“I’m just anxious about finding a place to spend the night. The longer I leave it, the harder it will be.”
But I offered to take you home! “Stay here.” Idiot! “We’re standing right next to three couches. I’d stay with you, along with my invisible friend, Detective Chief Inspector Morse. Just in case you decided to undo all my hard work cleaning.”
Raf looked from the couch, to the window, to Barney.
“Why not?” Raf asked.
Well, Barney could think of several reasons why not, but he ignored them all since he was the one who’d suggested they stay. He unscrewed the wine, poured out two glasses and handed one to Raf.
“Thank you.”
“Since we might have drunk all this before we get to midnight… Happy New Year.” Barney smiled at him. “I hope it’s a better one than the year you’ve had. For me too.”
They touched glasses and drank.
“Nice wine. Your father’s loss?”
“Yep. I spent a lot on it so it should be good. Well, I say a lot, but it was a lot for me, not a lot in terms of what a wine connoisseur might consider a lot. Four pounds fifty.”
Raf choked on the mouthful he’d just taken.
“I’m kidding. It was twenty quid and it hurt spending that much. I don’t drink wine very often. I only know what I like the taste of and what I don’t.”
“Isn’t that all that matters? No point spending a fortune if you like the taste of something cheaper.” Raf picked up a mince pie and took a bite. “Wow, this is good. Nice pastry. Homemade?”
“Yes. My mum’s recipe.” Barney sat on one of the couches. “We used to make them together. The secret is ground almonds and caster sugar in the pastry.”
“How long ago did your mum die?”
“When I was twelve.”
Raf sucked in a breath. “And you didn’t go and live with your dad?”
“His wife didn’t want me.”
“So where did you go?”
“A care home until I was sixteen. Not many people want to foster teenage boys. Especially gay ones. Not many gay teenage boys want to go to foster homes when they don’t know what they’ll be facing. I was better off in the care home. When I was sixteen, I was given somewhere to live and I got my first job in a car wash.”
“You didn’t have any other relatives who could have looked after you?”
Barney shook his head.
“Why don’t you have any qualifications? You seem really bright. Not seem. You are bright.”
“I was sick. I had a ruptured appendix and then got septicaemia. I missed the exams and I wasn’t prepared to sit them in the autumn. I should have done, but I wanted to leave care and go to work. No one explained hard enough that I was going to struggle to get an apprenticeship without at least maths and English qualifications. But it was my fault as much as theirs.”
“How many jobs have you done?”
“A lot. I’ve worked in a few fast-food places, several shops. I’ve done garden work, laboured on a building site, painted houses, worked in a fairground, a garden centre, wildlife place, crazy golf on the seafront, rented out deckchairs… Mostly it’s been okay, but I don’t earn very much and if I don’t earn much I can’t afford a better place to live or to do a college course or to buy the parts for my classic car.”
“You have a classic car?” Raf gaped at him.
“Yes, but it doesn’t run. It’s not MOT’d or insured. I rent a garage and I’m restoring it.”
“What sort of car?”
“An MGB.”
“Wow. How long have you been working on it?”
“Three years. I have to save up for the parts.”
“Good for you. Can I have another mince pie?”
Barney held out the container. He was glad Raf liked them. Barney removed his boots, took the pack of cards from his pocket and curled up on the couch.
“I found these in the main room. They were in the bin. Maybe a secret Santa gift that the recipient didn’t want. They work as playing cards, but on the reverse are things you’re supposed to do at least once in your life. I wondered whether to mention them because you’re not currently in a position to do much, but you will be. Things will get better. It’s important to remember that. I thought we could see which ones we’ve already done or which we’d like to do. We can’t tick anything off unless we’ve both done it. I’ll ask you first.” Barney pulled out a card. “Have you ever kissed someone famous?”
Raf chuckled. “Depends what you mean by kiss. Kiss as in, I’m hoping this will lead to a fuck. Or kiss, as in, nice to meet you.”
“Either way. If it’s someone famous I want to know. My answer to that is no, by the way.”
“I once kissed Lady Gaga.”
Barney gaped at him. He snapped his lips together when he registered that he was doing his whale shark impression.
“Obviously that was a nice-to-meet-you kiss and not the other,” Raf said.
“Oh, I just remembered. My mum told me I kissed a whole shelf of Disney toys in the supermarket when I was three. She couldn’t get me to move until I’d kissed every single one. Does that count?”
Raf laughed and took the pack from Barney. “Run up a down escalator. Done that.”
“Me too. Try another.”
“Pay the bill of the person behind you in the supermarket. Hmm, I’ve never thought to do that.”
“Well, now you can’t afford to and I don’t think I can either. But when I can, I will. Though to be honest, not without checking they’ve not piled the conveyor belt with expensive stuff that I couldn’t afford to buy.” Barney took another mince pie, offered the container to Raf and read another card. “Learn to juggle. I wouldn’t mind doing that.”
“I can juggle. I’ll teach you.”
“What can we juggle with? There must be something here. Staplers, knives, scissors. We could set fire to balls of paper. Might as well make it challenging.”
Raf chuckled and took the cards from Barney. He sighed when he read the card he’d pulled out. “Fall in love.”
“I’ve never done that.”
“Me neither.”
“Does it make you sad that you haven’t?” Barney asked.
“Not yet. I suppose it might if I’d picked that card when I was eighty, but… There’s still time.”
“Even when you’re eighty.”
“Why not? You’re right. I just don’t want to wait that long.”
“I guess you don’t have a boyfriend now, but did you, when you weren’t homeless?”
“I’ve had boyfriends, but I didn’t have one when I went on the streets.”
Barney was dying to ask him what had happened, but he figured Raf would have told him if he’d wanted him to know. “What are you going to do?”
“Do you mean pick another card or with my life?”
Barney shrugged.
Raf picked another card. “Spend New Year’s Eve with a stranger.”
Oh. “Is that a fib?”
“No.” Raf showed him the card.
Barney laughed. “What a coincidence. Let me have a go.”
Raf handed him the pack.
“Make a snowman on a roof.” Barney glanced at the window. “I’ve never done that.
Raf smiled. “Can you get on the roof here?”
“The key to the cleaner’s room just happens to open the door to the stairs that lead up to the roof, which happens to be flat. Amazing coincidence.”
“Do you want to build a snowman? It doesn’t have to be a snowman.”
Barney laughed. “We don’t have bikes to ride around the halls so yeah, why not?”
He put his boots back on and his coat, pushed his hat into his pocket, wrapped his scarf around his neck and waited for Raf to get kitted up.
“You washed my coat too,” Raf said. “It smells so nice. Some drunk bastard peed on me when I was in a shop doorway.”
“What a mean thing to do and being drunk’s no excuse.”
“No. I’m not an alcoholic or a drug addict, if you were wondering.”
“When you didn’t grab the wine and neck it, I thought not. Have you ever taken drugs?”
“I’ve tried cocaine, but nothing else. Addiction scares me.” Raf fastened up his coat.
“I hope it’s still waterproof.”
“I don’t think it was ever waterproof, just water resistant.”
Barney led him to the kitchen and unlocked the door next to the fridge. There was no blast of cold air because there was a flight of stairs up to the roof and another door at the top. When Barney opened that, he was greeted by a swirl of icy snow.
“The key is back in your pocket, right?” Raf asked. “I don’t want to be stuck up here with no phone.”
“In my pocket.” Barney patted it.
The snow was a few inches thick on the flat roof and perfect for building a snowman.
“Snowball rolling competition,” Barney said. “From here to the sky light.”
He put on his gloves and fashioned a ball of snow, then began to roll it, turning it every so often to make it stronger.
“You win,” Raf said when he’d rolled his ball to join Barney’s. “Shall I put mine on top?”
“Yep. Then we need a head.”
They didn’t have anything to make a nose, eyes or buttons, and it seemed too much trouble to go back downstairs, but when they’d done, the snowman looked cute. Barney fashioned a tube of snow and gave him a cock.
“Now he looks happy,” Raf said.
“He might if there was another snowman.”
Raf laughed. “Fine. We’ll make another.”
They worked together to produce a slightly smaller snowman to stand next to the first one.
“You make the cock for this one,” Barney said.
Raf made a snow dick twice the size of the one Barney had made and Barney chuckled.
“Now you’re going to have one of them pissed off because he’s jealous.” Barney made an extra bit and moulded it onto the end. Then added balls.
Raf was laughing so hard that Barney turned to look at him. The sky suddenly exploded in sound and colour, and they both started.
“Midnight?” Barney asked. “It must be.” He turned to Raf and smiled. “Happy New Year.”
“Happy New Year, Barney.”
The fireworks were visible even through the falling snow, cascades of colours raining down, sparkling blossoms of enormous flowers expanding into the night sky time after time before falling away. Barney was aware Raf had moved closer to him and his heart beat a little faster. There were fireworks going off all over the city, and a fair few sparklers fizzing in Barney’s stomach. When Barney turned to see Raf wasn’t looking at the fireworks, but at him, Barney knew what he saw in Raf’s eyes. He also knew that Raf wasn’t going to make the first move.
So Barney did. He put his arms around him and pressed his lips to Raf’s. Raf groaned into his mouth, then Barney’s soft kiss was returned. Raf teased his mouth, trailing his tongue along the edge of Barney’s, turning Barney’s stomach into a mass of knots. Raf had his arms around him too and they kissed and kissed and kissed. The fireworks in the sky faded, but the fireworks inside Barney kept exploding.
When Raf finally let him go, Barney almost fell.
“Let’s go inside before we freeze,” Raf said. “I need to talk to you.”
Those words never heralded anything good. The ones about talking, not the ones about freezing. Any lingering hope Barney had allowed to develop scuttled into a fast retreat. The kiss that had meant everything meant nothing. A moment seized in the move from one year to the next. Had it been on one of the cards? Kiss a stranger as the year begins? He locked up as they left the roof, and followed Raf back to the boardroom. Raf didn’t take off his coat.
Please don’t say that was a mistake. Barney pressed his lips together to stop himself saying anything.
“I need to go,” Raf said.
“Am I that bad at kissing?”
Raf widened his eyes. “No. That’s not why I need to go.”
“Why then?” Shit, that sounded needy.
“I can’t tell you tonight. Will you meet me? Tomorrow?”
You’re not going to turn up. Barney couldn’t speak but he nodded.
“Our bench.”
Barney couldn’t help laughing at that. “Okay.”
“Noon.” Raf packed up all his stuff and Barney grabbed his backpack. He gathered up the glasses and the bottle of wine and put them in the kitchen bin. The remainder of the mince pies were going home with him. And the pack of cards. Maybe he’d try and do all 52 things before next New Year’s Eve.
Raf waited for him to set the alarm in the agency, and they went downstairs together. He slid his fingers into Barney’s and held his hand. Barney sort of wished those three flights of stairs could last forever, or at least long enough to sort out what was happening between them, but they didn’t. Most likely because there was nothing happening between them.
Barney hesitated before unlocking the main door.
“They’ll have gone,” Raf said. “Why would they wait around to beat up someone with no money?”
Barney unlocked the door and held it open for Raf. “Bye then,” he said quietly.
“I’ll see you at noon. I’ll explain everything then. How I came to be homeless. Why I kissed you.”
No, you won’t. If you can’t tell me now, why would you tell me in twelve hours’ time? You won’t turn up. But neither will I.
Barney watched him walk away, then quickly set the alarm for the building, locked up and stepped outside. As he rounded the corner, he saw Raf in the distance, and on impulse, decided to follow him.
To start with, it was sort of because Barney was going the same way, but that was only for a short time because Raf turned left towards the seafront where Barney should have gone right. Barney went left too. There were plenty of people around, and Raf never looked back. Where was he going?
Barney wondered if he’d ever been so confused in his life. Why had Raf returned the kiss if he wasn’t interested? Why had he left the warmth and comfort of the building to head off with no surety of a dry place to sleep?
The kiss didn’t have to lead to something else. Nothing had to happen. Why had Raf run? Barney wasn’t sure he’d wanted anything to happen. Not without knowing more about the guy and it wasn’t as if he went around with a supply of lube and condoms. He knew Raf was hiding something. The reason he was out on street, for a start. What had he done? Something bad? Did he have a wife? Oh God. I should have asked him. Barney swallowed hard. Maybe he’d just come out as gay and his wife had made him leave.
He followed Raf down to the marina and as Barney wondered where he was going, Raf turned left and headed up towards Roedean. There were expensive houses up there, ones that looked out over the sea. There were fewer people around now, just the odd straggler going home. It was snowing more heavily and Raf kept his head down. Barney stuck to the opposite side of the street and hung back. Maybe Raf knew a place where he could sleep. Maybe he was going to talk to his wife… There were a lot of fucking maybes.
Finally, Raf turned into the drive of a big, modern house, with several cars parked outside, and Barney closed in. He sheltered behind a holly bush by the gatepost and peered through the foliage to see Raf knock on the door. It opened and a fair-haired guy gave a loud laugh. “You made it!”
Raf went inside and the door closed.
There were several things Barney could have done at that point. The old Barney would have probably turned around, walked home and stayed in bed until well after noon, licking his wounds and hardening his heart. Though the heart-hardening wouldn’t last for long. The new Barney walked in Raf’s footsteps up to the front door. Only when he got there, he lost his nerve. What would he achieve by confronting him?
He fumbled in his pack for a pen and something to write on and pulled out the pack of cards. There was enough light from the lanterns either side of the door for him to see by and he flicked through the cards. On the one that said Fall in love ­he crossed it out and wrote Have your heart broken. Then he rolled his eyes at his stupidity and stuffed the card back in his pocket. He took out the one that said Learn to Juggle and instead wrote Make a snow angel and popped it onto the mat in front of the door.
Once he’d taken off his backpack, Barney lay down in the middle of the lawn. He swept his arms and legs back and forth to make the shape of an angel, then stood up and jumped away from it, so that he didn’t spoil the image. He grabbed his backpack and started the long walk home, telling himself he was an idiot.

By the time he reached the house, he was tired and fed up. There were still plenty of people there, drinking and smoking, but at least the music wasn’t loud. Barney stepped over two guys to get up to his room, hoping no one had got into it only to find that his worst fear had come true. The door was open, the locks broken. He walked in, switched on the light and found Simon in his bed with a young guy Barney had never seen before. Barney looked around. His stuff had been touched, moved and he was furious.
“Get out of my room,” he snapped.
Simon opened his eyes. “You’re back.”
“Out. Both of you.”
“Join us?” Simon flung back the duvet and wrapped his hand around his cock.
“Get out of my bed.”
“Fuck off. Find somewhere else to sleep.”
Barney strode over to the bathroom, winced when he saw the mess in there, the unflushed toilet, and filled a glass with cold water. He went back to the bed and threw it over both of them. Simon gasped and sat upright. The guy with him groaned and rolled over.
“Get out now!” Barney snapped.
Simon pushed to his feet and stepped in front of him. “I like this new Barney. All bossy. You weren’t a toppy bottom with me.” He laughed. “Come on, Paul. Musical beds. Let’s see who we can throw out of mine.”
When the two of them left the room, Barney shuddered. He pushed his door closed, pulled his chest of drawers in front of it and collapsed on the floor, tears rolling down his cheeks.
He let himself cry for a while. He had every right to feel sorry for himself, but when the tears dried up, he looked around at his room and gave a heavy sigh. What had been home, no longer was. He took off his coat and backpack and started work. Cleaning, sorting, putting right what had been made wrong though there were some things he couldn’t fix.
By the time he crawled into bed—with clean sheets and the mattress turned over, he was both physically and mentally exhausted. It was almost five in the morning. Just as well he wasn’t due at work. He’d packed up most of his stuff though he couldn’t move out until he had somewhere to go. He suspected his departure was what his housemates wanted, and it hurt not to be liked. It hurt a lot.


Barney was awake before noon but had no intention of going out. He was too pissed off to risk Raf not being there, too pissed off to listen to what he had to say if he was there and pissed off with himself for wishing things were different. He rolled over and went back to sleep, only to wake with a start when he heard the sound of the chest of drawers being pushed across the floor. Barney jerked upright and clambered out of bed.
“Fuck off, Simon!” he shouted.
Raf stepped into the room. Barney was speechless with shock. Simon stepped in after Raf.
“He insisted,” Simon said.
Raf turned to him. “Fuck off, Simon.”
Simon’s lip curled and he backed away.
Raf touched the broken locks. “Who did this?”
Barney shrugged. It might not have been Simon. Raf walked towards him and Barney pressed his toes against the floor. Raf was different. His clothes. His manner. Not homeless. Oh fuck, he never had been.
Raf stopped part way across the room. “I saw your snow angel. Found the card. You followed me last night. Is that why you didn’t meet me?”
“You’re a liar.”
“I never lied to you.”
“Okay then, you led me to believe you were homeless, didn’t correct my assumption, and you have a house in one of the best areas of town and a guy there too.”
“Not my house. Not my guy.”
Oh. Barney’s righteous indignation floundered.
Raf scanned the room and Barney saw him taking in the suitcase and the boxes.
“Moving out or in?”
“Out. How did you find out where I was living?”
“The cleaning agency.”
What the…? Had he mentioned the name of the agency? He didn’t think so. “They shouldn’t have given you my address.”
“No, they shouldn’t, but I can be persuasive. Where are you going to go?”
Barney shrugged. “I don’t know yet. I’ll look for somewhere when places open tomorrow. I’m not going to be on the street. I have money.”
“Get dressed and come out with me for something to eat. I want to talk to you.”
Barney sighed.
“Please,” Raf said quietly.
“Talk to me now.”
“I can’t. Your PJs are distracting me.”
“What’s wrong with them? You don’t like penguins?”
“They cover nothing.”
Barney grabbed his clothes and went into the bathroom. Oh my God.
He was still oh my God-ing when he emerged, face briskly washed, teeth cleaned and his hair brushed into some semblance of tidiness. Raf handed him his coat and Barney pulled it on.
As they came out of the bedroom, Simon stood by his door.
“Someone will be coming to fix these locks within the hour,” Raf said. “It would be unfortunate if anything of Barney’s gets damaged or goes missing.”
Simon gave a short nod. Barney couldn’t believe the difference in Raf. He wasn’t sure if he was turned on or scared.


Chapter Four


Barney stepped out of the house and shivered. The sky was a brilliant blue and the temperature low as they set off down the road towards town.
“We have to walk. I was going to bring my car, but the roads are bad,” Raf said.
“What sort of car do you have?”
“A Nissan GT-R.”
Another Oh my God moment. “195 miles per hour, fuel economy around 21 miles per gallon, 419 to 441 horsepower.”
Raf glanced at him and raised his eyebrows.
“I know all the stats on fast cars. My dad is Frank Garrett. He owns—”
“I bought my car from him.” Raf gave a short laugh. “Does he know you want to be a mechanic?”
“Yes.”
“I wish I hadn’t bought my car from him.”
Barney smiled. “I suspect his wife stopped him giving me a job. Probably because she extrapolated that into my dad offering me an equal partnership in the business.”
“Even so, he could have helped you out, pointed you in the right direction.”
Barney bristled. “I can look after myself.”
Raf pulled Barney’s hand from his pocket and wrapped his fingers around it. Barney thought about pulling away, then thought again. It was nice having his hand held, but he wanted Raf to explain what the hell he’d been doing.
“I’m glad that you’re self-reliant,” Raf said. “You had to be after your mother died, and I can only guess how hard it must have been, but your dad should have been a better father to you.”
“If he had been, I wouldn’t have seen you getting beaten up.”
“Remind me to thank him for being a crap parent.”
Barney chuckled. “Where are we going?”
“Varriano’s. Heard of it?”
“Vaguely.”
“It’s tucked away. But the food’s good, there’s an open fire and we can talk. Oh for fuck’s… Look who’s coming.”
Barney flinched when he saw Kenzo walking towards them with his arm around a woman. Raf squeezed Barney’s hand a little harder.
“Shall we cross—?”
“No,” Raf said.
As they passed each other, Kenzo glanced at them and showed no sign of recognition. Thank God for that. Barney didn’t take a breath until they were several steps further along the pavement. When he risked a quick look back, the guy was still heading away from them.
“Was that a case of him not having his mates with him to back him up or did he not recognise us?” Barney whispered.
“More likely he didn’t recognise us. My scruff has gone. I’m not wearing my homeless outfit and don’t look such an easy target.”
“I look the same though, don’t I?” Barney asked.
“The pink hat’s different.”
“Are you colour-blind? It’s magenta.” Barney elbowed him.
Raf laughed. “Candyfloss pink maybe.”
They continued coming up with variations of pink all the way into town. Barney felt as if Raf was trying to delay talking to him about what had been going on last night. If he didn’t get the truth soon, Barney was going to be pissed off.

When they walked into the restaurant, Raf was greeted by a guy who obviously knew him, and they were shown to a table in a corner. The fire was blazing, but the place was empty and Barney bit his lip. Was that a good sign or bad? He stuffed his hat in his pocket and started to hang his coat and scarf over the back of the chair, but the guy whisked them away and hung them with Raf’s coat on peg nearby.
Barney tried not to gulp when he saw the prices on the menu. He leaned over to whisper, “Are you sure you want to eat here? It doesn’t seem very popular.”
Raf gave a choked laugh.
“Are we going halves?” Barney whispered.
“No. I’m paying. Have whatever you like.”
Barney still picked the cheapest item, a mushroom risotto, and asked for tap water to drink. If Raf made a comment, Barney was going to be really annoyed, but he didn’t. Raf ordered something Barney couldn’t even pronounce in an Italian accent that sounded suspiciously authentic.
Finally, Barney could contain himself no longer. “Did you pretend to be homeless for a bet? Was that why the labels had been cut out of your clothes? Because they were expensive?”
“Not for a bet. For work. And yes, to the labels. They might have given me away.”
“How long were you out on the streets?”
“I left my house on Christmas Eve.”
Barney’s jaw dropped. “You didn’t even get Christmas at home?”
“It was one of the conditions of bidding for a contract. Experience homelessness over the holiday period. I own Xerta Advertising. It’s my company.”
Barney gasped. “Imagine my jaw dropping even further.”
Raf smiled.
“Oh my God, that is such a coincidence,” Barney whispered. “Of all the businesses in Brighton, one of the ones I clean is owned by you. That was why you stopped when I told you where we were heading. Not because you were adjusting your bedroll. And you did know which was the boardroom. And you knew there was a flat roof.”
“Yes, I knew. I had a jaw-dropping moment of my own when you told me we were running to Xerta. It made me believe in fate.”
“Or something,” Barney muttered.
“We’re trying to get a contract with a national homeless charity that have just moved their operations to Brighton, and they wanted someone to have an understanding of what it’s like to be out on the street. I wasn’t allowed to tell anyone what I was doing apart from my employees and my family. Not even the police, unless it was an emergency. Fortunately, I didn’t come to their attention.”
“Your company, but you didn’t need to do it. And at Christmas? For eight nights? See? My jaw is now on the floor.”
“I volunteered myself. I didn’t see why I should ask a member of my staff to do something I wasn’t prepared to do. They have partners and children. I don’t.”
Barney sighed. That was a good thing to do. “Did you have a key to Xerta? Just in case?”
“No. I gave up my keys, phone and wallet when I left home. That’s why I went to Roedean Crescent. To get them back from an associate. I had to stay out until New Year’s Day. I wish to hell I’d stayed with you, waited until morning, but Julian expected me at some point shortly after midnight. I didn’t want anyone to worry if I didn’t turn up. I didn’t anticipate you following me. I thought you’d meet me today and I’d explain everything, and…”
And what?
But the food arrived. It smelled great and looked beautiful, unlike the risottos Barney made, which tended to come out of the pan as lumpy grey dollops of overcooked rice.
“Thanks.” Raf smiled at the waiter.
“It looks lovely,” Barney said.
“My parents will be pleased to hear that. Especially if you like the taste too. They own the restaurant. I told them I hoped to bring someone special here for lunch.”
“Me?” Barney whispered.
“Hugh Jackman couldn’t make it, so…”
Oh God. “You’re Mr V.” The penny dropped. “The office that’s always tidy and didn’t look used the last two times I cleaned.”
“Raffaele Varriano. Our parents moved here from Italy when I was three.”
“They opened the restaurant specially today?” Barney glanced around. “Are your parents watching?”
“I’ll kill them if they are.”
“You told me you weren’t a killer!”
Raf gave a loud laugh.
“Can you speak Italian?” Barney asked.
“Sei bellissimo. Sono pazzo di te. Potremmo rimanere seduti al tavolo finché non ci innamoriamo.”
“Yes,” Barney said and smiled. “Unless you asked if you could carve your name on my body. How do you say that?”
“I’m not telling you because you’ll probably say it in front of my mother.”
“Posso incidere il mio nome sul tuo corpo?” Barney said and was rewarded by Raf’s expression of utter shock.
“You can speak Italian?” Raf whispered.
“No.”
“Then how do you know how to say can I carve my name on your body?”
“I looked it up once so that if anyone ever said it to me, I would know to run—fast.”
“Oh God, Barney.” Raf laughed and slid his hand onto Barney’s knee under the table. As a consequence, Barney missed his mouth with the forkful of risotto. When he heard the breath catch in Raf’s throat, Barney let out a strangled sigh.
“And how is the food?”
The hand disappeared from his knee and Barney turned to see a tall, silver-haired guy standing behind him. He guessed this was Raf’s father.
“It’s delicious, thank you,” Barney said.
“Dad… This is Barney. Barney, my father Marco Varriano.”
Barney stood and held out his hand. “I’m very pleased to meet you.”
Raf’s father shook his hand. “Thank you for rescuing my son.”
“He has to learn not to look at people the wrong way, then he’ll be safe to go out on his own again. Though probably not without reins.”
Raf laughed.
His father smiled. “Why did you choose the risotto?”
Barney dropped back into his seat. “I like mushroom risotto. And…I didn’t want Raf to spend too much money.”
Raf’s father patted Barney on the shoulder. “Whereas my son has ordered Scottish lobster.”
“It’s my favourite,” Raf protested. “And you know damn well I pay. I will pay.”
His father shrugged. “You’re a good boy, Barney, but I don’t want many like you eating here or I’ll be out of business.”
He chuckled as he walked away.
“Boy?” Barney whispered.
“He calls me and my brothers boys too. So…”
“So…”
Raf sighed. “Having brought you here to talk, I find I don’t want to talk in here after all. When we’ve finished eating, let’s go for a walk.”
“Okay.” Barney hesitated. “I can’t believe you persuaded your father to open today just for us. I mean the server, the cook…”
“The waiter is my brother, Vincenzo. My father cooked the meal. I’ve never asked them to do it before but I’ve done plenty of favours for them. Believe me, they were happy to help.”
The empty plates were whisked away and two espressos appeared with a plate of small chocolate treats.
“Baci di Alassio,” Rafi said. “Baci means kisses. They originate from the town of Alassio in Liguria.”
Barney tried one. It was chewy and soft, and the filling was delicious. Maybe they were called kisses because of the way the two pieces were sandwiched together, like lips. Barney helped himself to another.
“Ready to go?” Raf asked.
“Are you crazy? These are the best things I’ve ever tasted.”
Raf laughed. He put several notes down on the table, a lot more than Barney had thought the meal would cost and Barney gulped.
“If I offer a card, my father will decline it. So I pay in cash.” Raf put the last baci between Barney’s lips and stood up.
Before Barney reached his coat, a hand lifted it from the peg and Raf’s brother held it for him to put it on.
“Thank you, Vincenzo,” Barney said.
Raf’s brother smiled. “No, thank you! He’s smiling. You worked a miracle. It’s nice to meet you.” He shook Barney’s hand.
Barney wrapped his scarf around his neck and followed Raf out of the restaurant. As the door closed behind them, Raf took Barney’s hand.
Please, please, please. Barney didn’t want to just be thanked for what he’d done last night. Or sacked. He wanted more.
Raf led him down to the seafront, back to the sheltered seat where they’d eaten fish and chips, and they sat down. Raf still held onto his hand.
“I think we have something, don’t you?” Raf whispered. “I have this feeling it could be the start of something special. Want to take a chance on me?”
Barney thought his heart was going to explode with joy at the thought of being special to someone, of having someone special of his own.
“I know it’s fast, but I don’t want to let this feeling go,” Raf said.
“Me neither,” Barney whispered.
“Are you going to get bent out of shape if I buy you a new phone? I owe you one.”
“I can get a replacement on my insurance.”
“Will you let me help you find somewhere else to live?”
Oh God. “Yes, but I have to be able to afford it.”
Raf nodded. “Will you make an effort not to bristle when I offer to pay for something?”
“I don’t want—”
Raf leaned over and kissed him. When he pulled back, Barney was gasping.
“I’ll try,” Barney said.
“Can I help you find a way to work as a mechanic?”
He nodded, unable to speak now.
“Will you give up your cleaning job and the one at WHSmith and work as my assistant instead, until we can find you an apprenticeship?”
My heart! “Are you a good boss? Is there a benefits package? Do I get a company car and a pension? Oh, and my own office. Ah, and a—”
Raf put his fingers over Barney’s mouth. “Yes, is all I need to hear. There will be special perks, all for you.”
“Yes.” Barney’s heart was jumping. This was the risk he’d waited all his life to take. “Will you tell me what you said in Italian in the restaurant?”
“Sei bellissimo. Sono pazzo di te. Potremmo rimanere seduti al tavolo finché non ci innamoriamo.”
Barney smiled. “Except, in English.”
“What do you think I said?”
“Er… Sei bellis…such a big belly? Pazzo di te…will you pass the tea? Then I’m stuck. Maybe some seductive rimming with a tavolo finch, whatever that is?”
Raf chuckled. “I said… You are beautiful.”
Barney’s heart did a tumble-turn.
“I’m crazy about you.”
“Oh,” Barney mumbled.
“The seductive rimming sounds good, but not with a finch. Though what I actually said was—we could sit at this table until we fall in love.”
Barney swallowed hard.
“This is all new to me. You’ve opened my eyes, Barney Garrett,” Raf whispered. “We have a real connection. I’ve been used to taking what I want. Acting on impulse. Instant gratification. A look exchanged with a guy which led to bed. And no, that was not the glance I gave Kenzo.”
Barney squeezed his fingers.
“Sex without even a bed sometimes,” Raf said. “The wall of a club. A bathroom stall. An alley. I took a lot for granted. I took my life for granted. Being out on the street made me see things in a different way. If I’d carried on down the same path, I don’t think I’d have ever found what I’d been looking for. And I was looking. I knew there was something more out there. I think I’ve found it with you. So…”
“So…” Barney croaked.
“Will you go out with me? Be my boyfriend? Do stupid things with me? Make me laugh? Laugh at my jokes. Make me happy?”
Barney wanted to be romantic, say something soppy back, but there was only one answer. “Yes.”
Raf’s face lit up in a smile. He cupped Barney’s face in his hands and pressed his lips against his. The taste of him made Barney’s head spin. Raf’s tongue swirled around his and Barney understood that after all this time of being lost, that finally he’d been found, and maybe, just maybe, he might belong with Raf. The problems of his life receded until all he could think about was this. Raf. Each stroke of Raf’s tongue was more purposeful than the last until the kiss was so heavy and desperate, Barney struggled to breathe, his cock pressing against his zip. Yet he’d have sooner passed out, or come in his jeans than pulled back.
They shook in each other’s arms as control fell away from them both. Barney didn’t want the kiss to stop. He’d never been kissed like this, with so much passion, so much longing. Raf’s hands were on his neck, his thumbs gently pressing in the soft skin of his throat as he cradled Barney’s head.
“Oh God.” Raf pressed his forehead against Barney’s. “I’m trying so hard to be good and you’re making me bad.”
“I like bad.”
Raf laughed. “That’s a relief.”
“We don’t have to go slow. Do we?” Barney stared at him. “I mean, maybe we’d be better finding out now if we’re okay in bed. I don’t think there should be any problems. As long as you don’t mind occasionally dressing up as a pony and letting me feed you apples.”
“That has never been asked of me before, but I have the feeling I can deny you nothing. Though maybe not the pony thing.” Raf had slid one hand inside the bottom of Barney’s coat and began to stroke his thigh.
“Oh God. How far away is your place?”
“Fifteen minutes.” Raf moved his hand higher.
Barney whined and pushed to his feet. “Ten if we run, right?”
Raf stood up. “We can’t run. It’s too icy.”
“You’re putting obstacles in our way already? Before we’ve even started?”
But Raf had already begun to tug him along the seafront. Nerves were making Barney’s stomach churn.
He swallowed hard. “You said you’d teach me to juggle.”
Raf glanced at him. “I will. I don’t think that’s the first thing we’re going to do, though there may be ball play.”
“Take our coats off?”
“Right.”
“And our shoes. Don’t want to get your floor dirty.”
Raf huffed and pulled Barney faster when the path was clear.
“Then I’d like a look round,” Barney said. “I definitely need to know where the loo is, just in case.”
“Okay.”
“Maybe a cup of coffee?”
Raf laughed. “What else?”
“We could see if there’s anything on TV.”
“We could.”
Ice covered the path again and Raf slowed.
“I could show you how to make mince pies.”
“They would never be as delicious as yours.”
“Do you have any squirty cream?”
Raf shot him a look.
“Delicious with mince pies. And squirted on other things. Hmm.” Barney moaned and licked his lips.
“It seems to me as if you’re the bad one.”
“Do you like bad?”
Raf tightened his hold on Barney’s hand. “Oh yeah. I like bad.”
“Do you have soft pillows? I hope you do. They make me want to stay in bed for ages. I think soft pillows are brilliant. Though not too soft.”
Raf growled.
“Are you thinking of smothering me with one?”
“I’m wondering if I can stand to detour and buy one.”
Barney smiled. “I’m just trying to distract us until we’re behind a locked door.”
“It’s not working.”
“Do you have flavoured lube?”
Raf made a strangled sound.
“And extra-extra-large condoms?”
“I’m not…” Raf almost slipped on the ice.
“For me,” Barney whispered. Oh God. Maybe he shouldn’t have teased because he wasn’t that big.
“Christ. Five minutes. But it’s uphill.”
“I’ll be out of breath. I’ll need to lie down for a while when we get there. I’ll be too exhausted to do anything.”
Raf was still chuckling when they turned into a drive and Barney found himself facing what looked like a multi-level modern museum.
“Which floor do you live on?” Barney asked, though he thought he already knew the answer.
“All of them.”
Yep, he did. Raf let go of him to pull the key from his pocket. He pushed open the door, pressed a remote that silenced a buzzing alarm and held out his hand to Barney. Barney took it, and Raf tugged him inside.
The door closed and Barney gulped. “Did you say whether or not you had squirty cream?”
“I didn’t say, but no.”
Barney pulled off his coat and let it drop with his scarf, unfastened his boots and took them off, then he peeled his sweater over his head, followed by his T-shirt. Raf hadn’t moved, hadn’t blinked.
“Your turn,” Barney said.
Raf let his coat fall on top of Barney’s, then removed his boots. Barney took off his socks, unzipped his jeans and pulled them off, all the time staring into Raf’s eyes.
“Mum!” Raf shouted.
Barney gasped in horror, then caught the look on Raf’s face and peeled off his Christmas tree-covered boxers.
Raf smiled. “You have no idea how much I wish I could throw my voice and pretend I was my mother standing behind you.”
“Would she like my bum?” Barney grinned.
“Top floor. Run,” Raf growled, and Barney ran.
He burst through double doors on the top floor and stumbled to a halt. Floor-to-ceiling windows flooded the room with light and Barney headed towards them. The panoramic view was spectacular. He looked down over the city and out to sea. There was a private roof garden with seating and a hot tub and as Barney watched, the weather changed, and the snow started to fall again.
Raf came up behind him and pressed himself against Barney’s back.
“Can people see us in here?” Barney asked. “Because it’s a bit like a fishbowl.”
“They can see you but not me because I’m behind you. They’re probably in awe of your extra-extra-large cock but joyful with the realisation that they themselves have an extra-extra-extra-large cock.”
Barney laughed and turned in Raf’s arms.
“No one can see in,” Raf said.
“I quite like an audience.”
“Do you?”
“I don’t know. I’ve never had one. I’m nervous. But I’m sure I’m hiding it really well. Aren’t I? Only now I’ve felt your cock against mine, I have to refine definitions because there is clearly an extra-extra—Omph.”
Then they were on the bed. In the bed. Hands all over each other. Mouths joined. Fingers linked. Legs entwined and Barney’s heart was beating such an erratic rhythm, he worried he might go into cardiac arrest.
“What do you need?” Raf whispered into his neck.
“You want me to think as well as be sexy? I don’t know if I can.”
They rocked together, cocks surging against each other, and their slow and steady rutting shifted to fast and furious, then switched back again.
“Fuck, Barney. You’re driving me crazy.”
“We should go fast this first time. You agree?”
Raf chuckled. “As if there’s any choice. But yes, I agree. We have all the time in the world. This is just the beginning.”
“And the more we practise, the better it will get.”
Barney pressed his mouth to Raf’s, and Raf pulled him even closer. Fingers wrapped around each other’s cocks, they rubbed and stroked and brought themselves off. Calm and deliberate lasted seconds. They were too frantic for slow, too desperate for thought. The ache in Barney’s balls matched the one in his head. He could feel himself caught up in a race that he had to run, and he groaned into Raf’s mouth as he came apart.
He felt the warmth of his come spread between them as his cock jerked, then Raf was coming too and they became part of the electric storm that had overtaken them, their bodies unravelling for each other, each wrenching spasm more pleasurable than the last.
“Thank God,” Barney mumbled.
“What did God have to do with that?” Raf had a hand on Barney’s arse, his fingers sliding down the crease.
“Thank God you’re perfect. I’ll be good to go again in ten minutes.”
“Try thirty.”
Barney lifted his head. “Oh dear. You’re not perfect.”
Raf laughed. “Close enough.”

They only stirred from the bed to go to the shower, fetch food, drink, and to spend a blissful thirty minutes in the hot tub as the snow fell. It made Barney cry with joy and Raf pulled him into his arms. Barney was drunk on sex, drunk on Raf and he didn’t want to go back to his room, or to work tomorrow, but he had to do both. They lay in Raf’s bed, Barney snuggled up against him with Raf’s arm around him and every time he tried to move, Raf tugged him back.
“I have to go to work tomorrow,” Barney said. “I need to go back to my place.”
“I want you to work with me until we can sort you out a position as a mechanic.”
“I have to work my notice.” And you might change your mind.
“I’m not going to change my mind.”
Barney huffed. “Wow. Mind reading really is your superpower.”
“Very useful too. Okay. If you want to go back, fine. But I don’t want you going back on your own. We’ll go together. I’ll take my stuff so I can go straight from yours to work. I’d like to ask you to move in with me, but I know it’s too fast. Not for me. I’m already sure. But I want to let you breathe.”
“I’m not sure I can breathe without you,” Barney whispered.
Then Raf kissed him and Barney decided breathing was overrated.
“We’re not going to rush this,” Raf said and Barney burst out laughing.
“We’ve not known each other twenty-four hours. I’m pretty sure we’re rushing.”
“It’s plenty long enough, but we’re not going to go too fast. We’re going to date. I want some of our dates to be 52 things that we need to do in our life. But not with those cards. We’re going to each privately write twenty-six things on pieces of paper, put them in a jar, and each of us will pull one out every week. No arguments or backing out. Are you up for the challenge?”
There was only one answer and Barney gave it. “Yes.”


Epilogue


Nine months later

Barney put down his polishing cloth and sighed when he looked at his MGB.
“Is it done?” Raf asked.
“That’s the twenty-seventh time you’ve asked me that.” He paused. “This week.”
“But is it done?”
“Yep.” The car was beautiful. She’d been resprayed blue—not by Barney—and she was gorgeous. Barney had teased Raf that he was going to have her sprayed pink, but she’d only ever been destined to be this exact shade of blue.
Raf walked up to him holding a bottle of champagne. “Shall we launch her?”
Barney flung out his arms in a protective gesture. “Not by breaking a bottle against Baby’s bonnet.”
“Baby?”
“Yep. Just think. When I shout the word Baby, you’re not going to know who I mean. Faster, Baby. You can go faster than that. Pause for exclamation of shock. What do you mean, you can’t? Try harder.”
Raf laughed. “I think I’ll know who you mean.”
“Maybe.”
“Want to take her for a drive?”
Barney tensed. “On the road?”
“Well, we’re not allowed to drive on the pavement in case we hit pedestrians and I’m pretty sure we’ll sink if we drive into the sea.”
“I don’t know…”
Raf slung an arm over Barney’s shoulder. “I thought you’d be desperate to take her out.”
“I am, but…”
“She’s insured and MOT’d. Let’s go down to the seafront.”
“There won’t be anywhere to park.”
“We’ll find somewhere.”
“I don’t want to parallel park.”
“If we need to, I’ll do it.”
“It might snow.” Barney was desperate now.
Raf laughed. “In September?”
“I’ve run out of excuses. Oh, I’ve got one. Do you want to fuck me?”
Raf laughed even harder. “Always, but I want you to drive me down to the seafront. There’s something I want to show you.”
Barney gave in. He’d given in when Raf had suggested moving the MGB from the lock-up to the three-car-garage below Raf’s house. He’d given in and resigned from WHSmith’s and the cleaning job on the 2nd of January—though that hadn’t been a hardship. He’d given in and gone to work at Xerta, and he’d loved it, particularly when he’d realised he’d found something he was good at. But he’d not given in and moved into Raf’s place, though he spent so much time there he might as well have moved in. But he and Raf had found a room for him in a house with two women. Barney had laughed at Raf’s delight when he’d known there were no guys, and Barney had been happy there. He was ready to say yes now when Raf asked him to move in. He’d not asked for a month—well, to be exact twenty-eight days and if Raf didn’t ask him soon, Barney was going to have a problem.
He was full of nerves as he drove down to the seafront. He knew this car inside out. He’d taken apart and put back together almost every element of her, but the only time he’d driven her was to take her for the MOT and he’d never driven her with Raf beside him.
There was no need to parallel park. Barney pulled into a space on the seafront. When he watched Raf levering himself awkwardly out of the car, Barney winced. The car was too small for them.
As they walked down the promenade hand in hand, Barney said, “I’m going to sell Baby.”
“What?” Raf stared at him in shock.
“If we go anywhere, we’d always use your car. I think my pleasure came from converting something old and tired, into something fresh and beautiful. Oh, a bit like I’ve done with you.”
Raf laughed. “Be careful.”
“Would you mind if I looked for a new one to fix up? Something bigger and we could use it on our adventures?”
“Of course I don’t mind.”
“I’m thinking of a tank.”
“No.”
“Rolls Royce?”
“No.”
“Aston Martin?”
Raf whined.
“I’ll talk to my dad. He might know of something that I’d be interested in.”
“Good idea.”
Barney had introduced Raf to his father and his dad had seemed happy that he and Barney were together. Though Barney wondered if his dad saw more car business coming his way from Raf. But when Raf had brought up Barney wanting an apprenticeship as a mechanic, despite Barney asking him not to, his dad had found him one with Volvo, and Barney loved it. He saw a little more of his dad now and when he’d told Barney he was proud of him, Barney’s throat had closed up.
Barney missed working at Xerta, but Raf brought plenty of work home, asked for Barney’s input and told Barney he had really good ideas, and if, one day, Barney had had enough of cars, there’d always be a job for him there. They’d even used one of the names Barney had suggested for the smoothie business, Star Juice. Raf had won the contract for the homeless charity and Barney had done some work with him on the campaign. They’d both become involved with the charity and Raf had organised a big ball this coming December to raise money and awareness.
Barney felt like the luckiest guy in the world. He’d found a family in Raf’s family, both here and in Italy. Once he’d got a passport, Raf had taken him over to meet a whole load of relatives. More than he could remember the names of.
Raf tugged him to sit on the covered bench where they’d eaten their fish and chips on New Year’s Eve. Barney just had time to notice the bench was a new one before Raf pulled him down. Raf’s arm went along the back of the seat and he stroked Barney’s neck with his fingers.
“The sea’s wild today,” Barney said.
“Yep.”
“Are you okay?” He wasn’t sure why he thought there was something off with Raf, but he did.
“Yep.”
“Are you still thinking about that last date?”
Raf smiled, his face crinkling in the way Barney loved. “Spending six hours on a nudist beach? Thanks for that, Barney. Expecting me to be next to you while you’re naked and not fuck you? For six fucking hours?”
Barney chuckled. “You made up for it when we got back.”
“Almost made it worth having to look at other people’s dangly bits.”
“You didn’t need to look. You could have read your book.”
“Every time I tried, you moved your arse, and I got distracted.”
Barney leaned against him and rubbed his hair on Raf’s cheek.
“Have I asked you to move in with me enough times yet?” Raf asked.
Thank God. “Yes.”
Raf’s fingers stopped stroking. “Is that a yes, I’ve asked you enough times, or yes, you will move in with me?”
“Both. I’ve given notice on the house, so I’m going to be homeless as from Monday.”
“Damn. You can’t move in until Wednesday.”
“Ha ha.”
Raf put his hand in his jacket pocket and handed Barney a plastic bag. It was full of folded pieces of paper like the ones that they used for their 52 dates, though there weren’t many of those left, but Barney thought they were in a jar in the kitchen.
“It’s your turn to choose,” Raf said.
“Why here? Why not back at the house?”
“Just pick one, Barney.”
Barney pulled out a slip of paper and unfolded it. “Er…” He reached for another and it said the same thing. Vuoi sposami, amore mio?
He turned to look at Raf who looked more nervous than Barney had ever seen him. Barney had a feeling he knew what the words meant, and his heart thumped.
“Do all those pieces of paper say the same thing?” Barney asked.
“I wrote it out twenty times, then I got fed up. How about you practise your Italian and read it out?”
Barney laughed. Now he was sure he knew what it said. “But you always laugh at my pronunciation. Since your mum’s the one teaching me, I think you’re mean.”
Raf was trying not to laugh. “Just have a go.”
“Vuoi…View…of…S.P.O.S – oh, small penis overcompensation syndrome?”
Raf growled. “This from the guy who’s always encouraging me to whip my dick out and show people how big I am?”
“One guy. That was all. I just wanted Simon to be jealous.”
Raf rolled his eyes.
“Can’t you say it?” Barney whispered. “Is that why you had to write it? I think you need to say it twenty times getting progressively louder. In twenty different languages. Or just once will do.”
Raf chewed his lip, took a deep breath, and said, “Ti amo tanto. Ti amo quando sei pazzo. I love you so much. I love you when you’re crazy. I love you when you’re not. Life is never dull with you. I’ve patiently waited for you to move in with me, but I can’t be patient any longer. Mi vuoi sposare? Please will you marry me?”
“Mi vuoi sposare?” Barney said perfectly. “Si, amore mio. Yes, my love.” Barney had no more words. He climbed onto Raf’s lap and kissed him.
It was a while before either of them came up for air, but when Barney opened his eyes and saw what was on the back of the bench, he gasped. There was a metal plaque and on it, was engraved, R ♡ B.
“Who are they?” Barney asked. “How dare they? This is our place. Let’s scribble it out and write B ♡ R and add, WHERE FOREVER STARTED.” He paused. “Can we take the bench home?”
“Probably not.”
“Are we going to have our first argument?”
“I’ll see if I can buy the bench.”
Barney smiled. “You know I’m joking.”
“You know I’m not.”
So Barney kissed him again. He was going to kiss Raf forever.


THE END





Author’s note
Thank you so much for reading Barney and Raf’s story. I hope you enjoyed it. You can find out about all my books and new releases here www.barbaraelsborg.com To keep up to date with all new releases, you’re welcome to sign up for my newsletter. I have a reader group on Facebook where I post giveaways and keep readers informed about what I’m up to. Barbara's Besties (https://www.facebook.com/groups/286209798893700) You can also follow me on Book Bub (https://www.bookbub.com/authors/barbara-elsborg)
About the Author

Barbara Elsborg lives in Kent in the south of England. She always wanted to be a spy, but having confessed to everyone without them even resorting to torture, she decided it was not for her. Volcanology scorched her feet. A morbid fear of sharks put paid to marine biology. So instead, she spent several years successfully selling cyanide.
After dragging up two rotten, ungrateful children and frustrating her sexy, devoted, wonderful husband (who can now stop twisting her arm) she finally has time to conduct an affair with an electrifying plugged-in male, her laptop.
Her books feature quirky heroines and bad boys, and she hopes they are as much fun to read as they are to write.
She loves hearing from readers and can be contacted at bjelsborg@gmail.com If you’d like to hear about future releases please ask to be put on her mailing list.


Other books by Barbara Elsborg

Contemporary MMs
The Making of Jonty Bloom (Unfinished Business 1)
A Long Way Back (Unfinished Business 2)
Whatever it Takes
The Story of Us
Edge of Forever
Cowboys Down
With or Without Him
Every Move He Makes
Give Yourself Away
Falling (Fall and Break book 1)
Breaking (Fall and Break book 2)
Drawn In
Dirty Games

Paranormal MMs and MMMs
Archangel’s Assassin
Dirty Angel
Bloodline (Norwood book 2)
The Demon You Know (Norwood book 3)
Second Chance
A Faerie Story – MMM
Winterworld


Short Stories (MM)
Jonty’s Christmas
Not Over Yet
Zeke’s Wood
The Choice


Contemporary MMFs
Anna in the Middle
Susie’s Choice
Girl Most Likely to
Talking Trouble
Just What She Wants (novella)
Starting Over (novella)

Contemporary MFs
Strangers
Summer Girl Winter Boy
Kiss a Falling Star
An Ordinary Girl
Perfect Timing (Bedlingham brothers book 1)
Something About Polly (Bedlingham brothers book 2)
Doing the Right Thing (Mansell brothers book 1)
Finding the Right One (Mansell brothers book 2)
Digging Deeper
The Princess and the Prepper (novella)
Snow Play (novella)
On the Right Track (novella)

Short Stories (MF)
Saying Yes
The Bad Widow
The Gift
Dragon Race
Two Birds, One Stone

Romantic Suspense (MF)
Chosen
Crossing the Line



Paranormal MFs and MMFs
Perfect Trouble MF
Power of Love MF
Kiss Interrupted MF
Jumping in Puddles MF (Norwood book 1)
Rocked MMF
The Small Print MMF
Worlds Apart MMF
The Consolation Prize MF (Trueblood book 1)
Falling for You MF (Trueblood book 2)
Lightning in a Bottle MF (Trueblood book 3)
The Misfits MMF (Trueblood book 4)
Fight to Remember MMF (Trueblood book 5)
Lucy in the Sky MF (sci fi)
Taking Stock MMF (sci fi)
Just One Bite MF novella








