White Rock
by
McKenzie Devlin
Copyright © 2015 McKenzie Devlin
 e-Book Version 4.1 
 Print version also available.
ISBN: 9781311758118
This is the first book of the White Rock series. 
Please look for A Dangerous Kind of Girl, the continuation of White Rock.
Unauthorized reproductions prohibited.
This book is a work of fiction. Any reference to events, people or places is purely coincidental.

~ ~ ~
From Chapter Nine...
Michael cupped her chin with a steady hand. Kris could barely see in the dark shadows of the room, for which she was thankful. 
“If you really want me to go, say the word,” he said in a low voice.
“No. Stay, I guess.” 
“Don't guess. Be sure. Be absolutely sure Kris,”  Michael breathed out heavily, perplexed why so much anxiety was coming forth.
“Old demons in my head.” Kris forced an apologetic smile.
Michael lay still trying his best to keep the raging fire inside his body to a low burn. 
“I'm not here to play games or hurt you.” Unable to resist, he kissed her neck gently, deeply. Her inability to relax indicated it was too soon. Too much.

Chapter One
The Dining Hall

Kris Bay grabbed her hip with a cold, tired hand. The Rebellious One approached. There was no mistaking her high pitched humming and clackity-clack of non-uniform shoes.
Kris dragged herself to the waitress station and threw a stained rag into a barrel of other food soaked rags. 
“Is it time to go home yet?” Raina bounced up along side the podium.
“Not even close,” Kris said and yawned. “How many cups of coffee have you had today?”
“None.”
“I don't believe that.”
“Dale needs you,” Raina said.
Kris blinked several times. “Why me, when he has you?”
“'Cause,” the black haired girl popped her gum loudly and smiled. “Said I was annoying. 'Find something else to do.'” 
“Where the devil is Adam?” 
Raina paused before bouncing her way down a dark hall leading to the ladies' room. “Uhhh, oh – sick I guess. Something like that.”
“Something my foot,” Kris muttered under her breath.
 Adam wasn't sick, he was hung over. His only real illness was idiocy. 
The lithesome female padded back to the main kitchen of the Willow Camp Dining Hall. Her hair had been piled high on her head early in the day but now half of it hung in limp strands. The last few hours were spent wiping down a sea of tables, straightening chairs, benches and picking cold spaghetti off the carpet. Lunch hour was brutal. Dinner promised to be worse. A few stragglers remained and Kris didn't possess the energy to boot them out. 
Dale was the balding, tubby manager of the dining hall. Divorced from a Las Vegas showgirl and bitter about his crappy life, he kept his personal life mainly to himself. But he expected employees to do a hard day of work. If the effort wasn't shown, you wouldn't have a coveted job next season. Firing people in the beginning of the tourist season was painful, it meant other employees picking up the slack. Finding replacements that could be trained quickly was a challenge as well. Dale's patience with Adam Hoth was already on thin ice. If it were not for the connection between Kristjana and Adam, Adam would be sent packing his bags. But Dale had a soft spot in his heart for the tenuous Norweigen female, Kris.
“Kristjana.'' Dale leaned against the stainless steel counter. He spoke in a low, grumbling voice without making eye contact. He never called Kris by the shortened version of her name but by the name she gave on her original job application some four years ago. 
“Sorry. I didn't realize Adam was gone. I'll stay.'' She wiped slender fingers on her apron, trying to peel off dried food.
“Now, we've discussed this. Many times,'' Dale said. Kris knew what came next. A thorny reminder of one of her biggest mistakes regarding her ex-boyfriend.
“Dale, I just want to say -” 
“Ms. Bay, I hired that slacker as a favor to you. Which I don't normally do. But I was willing to make that exception.”
“Yes, I know.”
“I'm sure you haven't forgotten. What I'm trying to say is that if he can't do his job, you're going to have to keep covering for him. Now, is that fair?”
“No, sir.”
“I suggest you have a talk with him. Otherwise I will. And it won't end well,” Dale said.
“Yes. Of course. I will talk to Adam first chance I get. Sorry he's so unreliable.” 
“I don't want to hear you apologize, Kristjana.” Having said his piece, Dale was now bent over, moving several boxes.
“I'll get those crates moved,” Kris offered quickly.
Dale straightened himself, and wiped his forehead with a rag from his pocket.
“Joseph is coming in later, about 6 o'clock. If you can stay until then.'' Dale turned and started for the back offices.
“No damn problem,” Kris uttered once he was out of ear shot. 
The increased shift not only stung Kris, but tugged at a desperate desire for a scalding hot shower. The task of scrubbing and washing thickly greased pots, pans, and food caked dishes was unfathomable at the moment. That duty fell on her booze loving, ex-boyfriend, Adam. Three long months ago Adam approached Kris, desperate for work and unsuccessful at employment in the sluggish economy. With Adam's persistent nagging and emotional persuasion, Kris finally obliged his pathetic effort and went to Dale to ask a favor. Dale had been reluctant to give Adam a job in the park, mostly because he was not going through the usual application process. 
A dull ache in her stomach rumbled to life. It was going to be a long evening. 
A flash of light. Crashing and more thunder. Kris took a shallow breath of greasy, humid air and grabbed a pair of dish gloves off the counter. 
A brilliant light illuminated the dark lodge hall momentarily. Seconds following, the sky let out a deep  thunderous crash. Trailing immediately behind the ruckus were several more clashes of thunder. Clinking dinnerware and low voices drifted around the historic Willow Camp Dining Hall. 
Springtime was stubborn in its arrival. The cold, quietness of winter was a memory. Currently a series of unstable storms flirted with the region. Streams raged, swollen with icy water from high country  snow melt. Vast meadows blanketed in a sea of pink and purple wildflowers gave way to thick grass swaying in the playful  breezes of springtime.
The Camp sat in the middle valley of White Rock National Park. Sekonee Lodge and the lower valley camps were the other major developed sections of the park. The deep valley carved out by glaciers thousands of years ago was a popular destination. In the wake of the park's formation were thick meadows, pine forests, a cold, winding river and large granite spires, seemingly leading to the roof of the sky. 
Willow Camp was named after the striking thin, red- barked willow trees that gathered near abundant water sources in the area.  Streams and creeks trickled through  little developed villages and camps. Short rounded bridges spanned over the gushing Kwoluck River. 
Immense crowds flocked to White Rock National Park during the months of May through September. Willow Camp, being a favorite lodging destination was especially busy. Mobs  of families trampled sensitive soil, prevented native plants and grasses from regrowth, left food and trash behind, providing a large attraction to black bears. Willow Camp also sat at the base of some sheer granite cliffs, jutting thousands of feet skyward. Occasionally these rock formations gave way and massive pieces would break off  plummeting to the valley floor. On days such as this, one couldn't be sure if the clash and boom outside was just the thunder or rather some rocks falling, flattening everything in their path. 
Constructed in the 1940's, the Willow Camp dining hall  maintained a rustic lodge atmosphere. Huge wood beams  supported a high vaulted ceiling. Large windows let in soft beams of light from the forest outside. Heavy redwood  doors opened into a campy, dark foyer. The hostess station greeted incoming patrons, inviting them to seat themselves. During breakfast and lunch, food was offered cafeteria style. Dinner was a bit more formal, and menus with a limited but delicious choice of dishes was available. 

Chapter Two

The dinner hour was especially busy. With the continued thunderstorms and heavy downpours, visitors were seeking shelter inside. The Willow Creek lodge contained a floor-to-ceiling natural stone fireplace in the center. On this dark evening, the fire was crackling and popping eating away large pieces of wood. 
Kristjana rinsed off a huge pot with worn black handles. Random thoughts danced sporadically in her mind. Walking back in the rain, the cold dampness of her cabin, and dealing with Adam later on. Dull pains grabbed her lower back. Her hair, once was piled on top of her head in a messy bun, started to break free and fall into her face. Mousy strands of stray hair stuck to the sides of her damp skin. 
The lights flickered overhead. Gasps and sighs resonated from the main hall. Kris struggled to think hard, but couldn't recall if she'd placed a small flashlight in her day bag. It wasn't crucial, but a nice comfort to have the little luminary. 
Massive wrought iron chandeliers dropped from high above in the hall. Once used only with wax burning candles, they were modernized and wired for regular incandescent light bulbs. The original round holders for candles remained. It required a tall ladder and precarious positioning to reach up and light candles, yet was accomplished during times when power failed. Electricity to the park came in through the Mather canyon on huge lines. Outages were common during storms, but park staff was usually equipped to deal with any ordeal. Commonly, loss of power was a minor annoyance to staff and employees, but a great significance to visitors. Music players, cell phones, even hair irons were necessities, even on vacation.
“Kris! What's shakin' babeee?! Is this fun or what?!'' The energetic voice of Joseph, the head washer, abruptly entered the kitchen. 
“My God Joseph.'' Kris dropped a big pan in the sink and shot him a slightly annoyed look. “Aren't you the bearer of glad tidings.''
“How's my favorite little Norwegian?'' He smiled a toothy grin and grabbed Kristjana around the waist tightly for a fleeting moment before shedding his rain soaked jacket. “Your knight in shining armor is here!'' 
“Thanks for getting me wet.'' Kris brushed back hair that had fallen into her face.
“Uh, if you haven't noticed,'' Joseph pretended to look astonished and held out his arms, displaying soaked clothing, “It's still rainin'. Flooding is next,'' he happily smiled and disappeared around the back storage area.
Early spring flooding was common. The high country was emptying a vast amount of accumulated snow over the long winter months. And with increased precipitation from the spring storms, it was a recipe for over flowing river banks and feeder streams. 
Joseph reappeared, humming some familiar country song. A white apron was tightly wrapped around his body and he busied himself with straightening up boxes and other kitchen hazards. Kris glanced at the clock. It was past six and as far as she was concerned, lodge duty was over for the day. Residual steam brushed past her face from the deep stainless steel sink. She gave a last squeeze to several sponges and plopped them on the counter. With wrinkled fingers she wrestled with the apron ties around her backside. 
“I'm out of  here. Have a good night Joe,'' Kris said.
“Be careful. See ya tomorrow.'' He smiled then got to work on a stack of new dishes brought in by the servers. 
Kris nodded and muttered something unintelligible. Grabbing her purple day pack, she fumbled aimlessly for her flashlight. Oh well. It would make for an interesting walk home.

Chapter Three

Raindrops quietly fell. A few plops hit broad leaves, rolled off and made damp spots on the ground. Kristjana tread along a cracked asphalt trail, lined with large trees and occasional light poles illuminating the damp path. Her hands were shoved deep in her rain coat pockets, and water dripped off the large hood obstructing her view. Few people remained outdoors to brave the damp, unfriendly weather.
Finally, Kristjana entered a section where the main path veered toward the big meadow and board walks. Without pausing, she steered to the right and on ahead, stepping into sticky mud and thick wet pine shoots. A low rush of water from a nearby feeder stream danced in a jagged, rock lined river bed. Over a short foot bridge, she trampled softly on. Thick mud was beginning to accumulate on her hiking shoes. Soon, she entered the edge of the staff camp. Old wood cabins were spaced in rows each with a set of steps and small porch. Some of the original cabins from the 1940's remained, others were reconstructed and a few were added on in past decades due to the increased need for employee housing. 
Kris's cabin was number 17 the last on a long row, nestled up against some thick pines. She was lucky not to share a bunk and therefore enjoyed the dwelling to herself. Some workers preferred to share, some did not. The stone shower building was situated in the center of the camp and many employees left their bikes at the designated racks. In recent seasons, thefts had been slowly an unwelcome misfortune. With a deep recession, many people speculated that the burglaries and increased crime was just another bad sign of the times. Returning staff suspected an inside job. Newly hired employees were the first to be suspect, especially if they refrained from assimilating with others. 
A thick damp mist hung over the camp. Dimly glowing lamps on the cabins gave off a misty orange glow. Kristjana pushed back her rain hood to gain a clearer view. Approaching a sloping wood fence, she clicked off the buckle on the waist belt of her backpack. From an uncertain distance behind her shivering body crept the sudden white beams of headlights. Squinting, Kris pushed her hood all the way back and peered towards the oncoming car. Hoping it wasn't Adam, her pulse intensified. Suddenly Kris found it hard to slow her breathing. The deep rattling hum of a Dodge diesel engine broke the eerie silence of the forest. Heavy, wet tires crackling on the dirt came closer to the side of the walkway. Kris wiped her nose on her sleeve and paused to see who it was. Many of the park rangers patrolled the staff quarters during the night, but so did tourists, and people looking for trouble.
Kris remained still, heart still irregularly pounding inside her chest. It was one of the bigger Dodge trucks, white body paint with the White Rock National Park logo in green and yellow on the door. Large search lights jutted out from either side and the unmistakable rack of emergency vehicle lights adorned the top of the cab. Kris narrowed her eyes in the painful brightness. She moved to the passenger side window, figuring a familiar face would soon appear. 
“How's it going this evening?'' a deep, curious voice resonated from the cab.
Kris stopped and did not approach the truck side any further. 
“Hello?'' She did not recognize the male voice.
The growling engine came to a stop and headlamps dimmed. Kris could make out a strong male presence sitting in the driver's position with the typical dark green uniform attire of a park ranger. 
“How are you doing tonight?'' He flicked on an overhead light. 
She did not recognize this man at all.  A tight knit community, it was common for park staff to be familiar with each other. Every week, meetings were required and very often rangers constructed the main gathering to inform the lower park staff of new developments, procedures, news or any new issues of concern. Kris assumed that because of the uprise in crime, additional law enforcement had been hired.
She took a step forward and lay her hand on the retracted passenger side window. 
“Oh I'm fine.'' 
“Do you live here?'' He grabbed a large radio fastened to the front of the dashboard.
“Oh, yes. I work at Willow.'' Kris understood his question now. Typical investigatory protocol. “Just trying to get home.'' 
Michael Falkenrath vaguely smiled, nodding. The volume on his park radio was turned low, but part of his attention was keyed by bits of communication coming in. The girl appeared tired and cold and he meant not to keep her any longer.
“Okay, I just needed to check. As you probably know, there's been a rise in crime around here.'' 
Kris backed up, twisting a lock of her hair.
The ranger put the radio up to his mouth, speaking in a rather monotone voice.  “Southeast corner clear.'' 
“Nice to know we have real security now,'' Kris uttered under her breath. She was mildly interested in this new rugged male. Her unofficial duty would be delivering a detailed report to Raina in the morning. 
He reached across the cab, extending his hand.  As Kris met his polite but firm grasp, the intoxicating warmth of the truck cab rushed over her. 
“Michael. Nice to meet you.”  The touch of her icy cold hand suddenly woke him to the realization he was painfully delaying her walk home. Temperatures were cooling and cold drizzle fell. 
“Can I give you ride?'' It was the least he could do, fearing she would break apart from shivering.
“No. Thanks though. Nice to meet you. I need to get going.'' Kris yanked her hood over her soaked hair and slowly took some steps backward. He was definitively new. And quite handsome. The girls were going to go crazy over this one. 
The Dodge engine roared to life as Kris walked away in the mud. Michael drove around the small soggy loop and accelerated back out to the main road. Kris glanced behind momentarily. He wasn't like the other rangers. Interesting. But not interesting enough to sustain her thoughts. Stepping up her sluggish pace, she quickly headed down a long row of cabins. Rainwater was now pouring off the roofs and creating huge puddles and makeshift streams. Kristjana reached number 17 and trudged up the worn steps. Fumbling for wet keys she jammed the correct one into the lock. Before entering, she managed to kick off her wet and muddy shoes leaving them on the porch. 
~ ~ ~
The spring storm wore on during the night. Kris woke the next morning, eyes swollen and late for work. Despite not getting the shower she yearned greatly for, she attempted to freshen up. Soaking a small rag with water from a bottle, she vigorously rubbed around her neck, and shoulders. The cabin was damp and cold. In a rush to walk back to the lodge hall, she avoided heating the small space. The time it would take to start a little fire in the wood stove wasn't worth the effort. Warmth was a luxury she didn't have that morning.
Kris grasped the back of her blond hair,  gathering it up hastily. Twisting the matted hair, Kris managed a loose bun and clipped it into place. Her tresses were much too unruly to smooth into a  nice, sleek pony tail. Irritation rose up. Annoyed that she woke late, resentful that she covered Adam's shift and embarrassed that she felt dirty and unkempt. 
At the forefront of her mind were the painful memories and mistakes of her relationship with Adam Hoth. Such negative thoughts were giving her a stomach ache on top of hunger. 
Memories were faded but not forgotten of Adam and sun drenched hikes in the high Sierra. Backpacking trips to secluded lakes, late nights in front of roaring campfires. Passionate interludes when the moment seemed right, which was all the time with him. The red flags would pop up later. Now all Adam cared about was clenching onto any remaining feelings Kris still harbored. His driving force was keeping an evil eye out for other males entranced by the inexplicable raw beauty of her. Kristjana's pale features and sharp Norwegian genes were not ever overshadowed by her introverted mysterious nature. Her piercing large blue eyes were not forgotten by those caught in an unexpected encounter. While her striking features stood out, she did not wield them or consider herself extraordinary. 
Adam was a rare soul, once able to break down the cemented barriers of Kristjana's inhibitions and shyness. Underneath the layers of Kris's reservedness was a spirit of independence and curiosity. Even with Adam's persistence, Kris emotionally disconnected from him. She withdrew slowly at first and then rapidly as their relationship deteriorated. Over the course of the past year, Kris kept a careful distance, but subconsciously still understood, strangely, that Adam had a psychological grasp on her. He knew her in ways that nobody else did. The shared passionate times and emotionally sensitive connectivity with him lingered. Adam desperately did not want to let go of his prize. Kristjana failed as well letting go of their past. 
Shoving cold feet into mud caked hiking boots on the top step of her entry way, Kris gingerly waved to a fellow employee at the cabin across from her. Four of them resided in unit 16 as happily crammed party goers. The camp was their playground. Most of them young, carefree and reckless. Loud music was commonplace. Kris  attended a few gatherings, but usually opted for a quiet night alone with a used book and old quilt. She was the granny of the camp. 
Plodding down old wood steps, still damp with rainwater and mud, Kris flung the backpack over her left shoulder and started off. Rain was lightly falling, although breaks in the dark clouds lent to peaking blue sky. Perhaps the weather would clear later in the day. 
Kristjana paused in her passage down the worn asphalt trail. It was customary to deviate at this point and knock on Adam's door at cabin 11. Many occasions he was laying in wait on the steps, smoking a cigarette. Smiling ever so cockily, he would escort her to the lodge hall to work most mornings. In recent weeks, Kristjana hopped over the low wood fence and cut across open dirt and destroyed meadows to reach Willow Camp. In light of her avoidance, Adam pretended not to notice her escapes through the woods. Instead, he would stake out the women's showers or the back entrance of the lodge to catch Kris when she would least expect him. 
There was no sign of Adam this cold morning. Abrasive thoughts of Adam's work avoidance raced through Kris's mind. Against her better judgment she abruptly turned and tiptoed up the steps hoping irrationally he was already gone. The moment she reached the top step, the door swung open, banging against something hard inside. Adam stood on the interior, disheveled a bit, an unlit cigarette hanging in the crooked smile of his mouth. A worn leather boot was on one foot, while an unlaced boot adorned the other. 
“Hey baby. Woo, you are a sight for my sore eyes.'' Adam quickly finished lacing his boot and grabbed a set of keys. He spoke out of one side of his mouth, a lit cigarette dangled from the other. Kris gingerly stepped back down the steps as the familiarity of regret washed over her. 
Slamming the wood door hard, Adam swung around, blowing out a large puff of smoke. He stared longingly down at Kris at the bottom of the steps. 
“Adam. I need to talk to you.''
“What's up?'' Happily he trounced down the steps in boyish fashion. “Bad morning, my love?'' 
“No. Why?” Kris was so cross she couldn't look directly at him.
“Darling, look who you're talking to.”
“Adam, Dale is really upset with you. I think he's getting quite close to firing you.” Kris promised she would have yet another talk, and figured it better get done before work started. 
“So? Let him.”
“Let him? Adam would you get serious for a moment? Just a moment? If you lose your job, you can't live here. You'll be homeless.”
Taking a hard puff on his cigarette, Adam slid his arm around her side and pulled her close.
“Leibling, when will you get it? I can survive anywhere. If he fires me, then you can quit too and we can just take the van and head off on a trip for a few months. Go anywhere we like.”
“No chance of that. Adam, unlike you, I actually enjoy living here. My job is in jeopardy because of you and your stupid drinking,” Kris scoffed at him.
“Oh, here we go again.”
“Yes, here we go again, Adam. You're not fooling a damn person in this park with your hang overs and calling in sick. We're not that dumb.”
“Yeah right.” 
“Right. This is going nowhere. Big surprise.” 
“And just where do you think you're going?'' He squinted, flicking the ashes off the end of the cigarette. 
“I'm going to my job, Adam. I'm not really in the mood to play and apparently you are.'' She jostled to get away from him, but his cold hand penetrated through her  fleece top, as if a dull knife bore into her side. 
“Don't start. Don't,'' Kris said.
Adam took one last long draw on his cigarette, letting the smoke toil out through his clenched teeth. Tossing the butt to the dirt he slid his free hand around the back of Kristjana's head. Pulling her worried expression into his swollen facial gaze of foolish enjoyment, he brought his stale lips close to hers. Kris writhed with hot irritation and resentment. The familiar sparks of physical attachment produced a rush of confusion momentarily but his arctic touch quenched any old desire.
“Get the fuck off.'' Kris pushed at him.
“I'm sure Boss can wait.''  Forcibly grabbing the front of her attire, he yanked it up, touching the soft familiar skin beneath. Looking down at her exposed belly, Adam's tone became serious. “Shit, babe, I want you.'' 
“Stop it. Everyone is going to see.'' Trying to break free, Kris jerked her head back and made a fist with her left hand. Reacting quickly she rammed her hand into the side of his rib cage. 
“Ow! Ooo, babe, that hurt,'' Adam let out a moderate yelp, surprised. 
Kris broke out of his serpent embrace and stumbled backward, barely retaining balance. Thick mud oozed up around the edges of her boots. 
“You best stay far away from me today. '' Concerned about potential onlookers, she quickly veered down the trail. A well known fact was that the cabins literally had eyes. Gossip about the tiff between Adam and Kris would most certainly circulate instantaneously. Kris felt waves of anxiety. 
Adam smirked, secure in his delight of unbalancing Kristjana. “Okay, see you later then!'' 
Worried Adam would catch up, she broke into a light jog and did not look back. The frigid morning air was most welcomed against her flushed skin. Once she rounded the bend, and the round about, Kris deviated from the path and her feet met the soft forest floor. Uncontrollable tears welled up in her eyes. Blinking many times and taking a shallow breath, Kris slowed her pace. Glancing over her shoulder, heart racing, Adam was nowhere in sight. 
Watchful eyes nearby finished witnessing the strange transaction between the two park workers. The unnoticed onlooker deemed the event mostly harmless, although concerning. Half cloaked by tall brush and several trees on the north end of the camp, the shrouded male kept watch as Adam Hoth leered after the shaken female, and then after milling around minutes more, he made some foul gesture. 
Annoyed, Adam attempted casual conversation with other workers leaving their cabins. Finding his way to the dirt parking lot, he spat on the ground with some amount of disgust while muttering nasty swear words. He climbed aboard an old green van and sped off, leaving a trail of tire marks and a cloud of dust.

Chapter Four

Morning auspiciously came and went with Adam making a very tardy appearance to the Willow Camp dining hall. Kristjana constantly shuffled in and out of the kitchen. Work consisted of mundane tasks such as getting fresh rags to wipe down tables, napkins for the dispensers, mopping up spills from cranky children, and generally satisfying the needs of the breakfast and lunch crowds. Adam kept a sharp, bloodshot eye on Kristjana as she noticeably avoided interaction with him as much as possible. His mood was repressed and sour for the most part, cravings of booze clouded his thoughts. His deteriorating disposition and mental fog began to impair the speed at which he washed out large stainless steel pots and pans, caked with dried food. Adam was convinced Kris was tormenting him. Revenge for his affectionate outpouring earlier that morning. Let her toy. At some point she will realize how patient he has been.
Finally 1:00 pm rolled around and the steady streams of hungry people started to thin out. Cooperating weather enticed visitors out of cabins, tents, trailers and vehicles. Trails and meadow boardwalks were slowly filled with bustling onlookers. The thunderous roar of nearby waterfalls sparked curiosity and excitement. 
Kris briefly looked out an old window.  Sunlight began to shed it's warmth through the heavy tree cover. A day like this was meant for hiking or exploring, not slaving away inside a musty food hall. The upper trails must surely be free of snow by now. Kris envisioned her favorite hike above the forest floor. A narrow path alongside slippery granite rock, eventually reaching high meadows and fast flowing streams. It was almost too intense to let her mind wander this way. Perhaps on her day off it would be time to explore. Kristjana tore her gaze away and grabbed a bunch of wadded napkins off a table. First thing's first, she told herself. 
Raina was making a particularly loud series of noises at the drink station. 
“I need another bunch of straws! What the hell do people do to this flippin' thing?!" Raina forced off the lid on a metal dispenser, causing a sharp snap.
Kris smiled and walked over. 
“Did it break?" Straws were scattered all over the counter. 
“Well, if it weren't broke before, it is now." 
“What did you do, beat it to death Raina?”
“I put it out of its misery. Why does the boss hang onto old shit like this?”
“It's not his fault. He's asked for new items from the park service for years. They just ignore his requests.”
Several long blond strands of scraggly hair fell down the side of Kris's face. In usual fashion, she pulled hair back tightly, securing it with several pins. 
“I'll get a plastic container from the back."
“Thanks Kris. And some glue so I can permanently stick this thing down." Raina swore under her breath.
Before heading toward the kitchen and back stock area, Kristjana detoured past the hostess podium and benches where visitors waited to be seated during busy times. Plastic coated menus were scattered all over the benches and dark redwood floor. Honestly, people on vacation were complete slobs or so disillusioned in merriment they didn't care about tidiness whatsoever. Technically it was the hostess's job to keep the greeting area clean. Terri White was the part time hostess. She was slightly overweight, moderately complacent, and did the minimal amount of effort to keep her job. Obviously she left without caring about the state of things that afternoon. 
Kris bent down on both knees, attempting to reach far underneath an old wooden bench to retrieving scattered  menus. But before she could wiggle out of the odd predicament, the front hall door screeched open with great force. Startled, Kris jerked upward and banged her head on the underside of the bench. She let out a sharp, “Ouch!" 
Preparing to inform the intruder that the hall was closed until 4:30pm, Kris scooted out on her hands and knees.  Quickly she noticed large black boots. The heavy door creaked shut. Kris blinked her eyes several times, and stood up, rubbing the top of her head. 
A few feet from her stood the vaguely familiar park ranger whom she met the previous night. Kris instantly observed that this green soldier was not the average bearded tree hugger. The ruggedly built specimen resembled something more along the lines of a forest warrior, perhaps ex-military or ditch digger for much of his adult life. And the typical hunter green and khaki official park uniform could not hide his muscular form, perhaps indicative of an individual who worked out purposefully. A tidal wave of shyness and unsteady nerves washed over Kris. 
“I'm sorry miss, are you all right?''  
“Oh, don't mind me. I'm fine. Hazards of this place." Kris felt her face grow hot. 
“I didn't mean to startle you." Michael smiled, amused at the blond's sudden blushing. 
Kris tried to shake off her awkward stance. 
“You didn't startle me. Not really. Anyway, can I help you?" She shoved the menus into a slot on the hostess podium. Returning her full attention towards the towering male, Kris put her hands on her hips. Filtered sun beans shot through the dusty air. 
“I met you last night. The roundabout?" Michael thought that she didn't seem like the typical ditsy blond, but she wasn't fully focused either.
Kristjana nodded, politely smiling. 
”Yes, I remember. It was raining. More rain. Good, I suppose." How lame to talk about the weather! Kris became angry with herself. 
Sensing the awkward moment was having difficulty passing, Michael reached out to shake her hand. Kris leaned forward slightly off balance to accept the handshake. Michael's grasp was strong and commanding. The warmth of his skin traveled instantly up her cold arm. 
“Welcome to the  park. I guess.” Perhaps if she changed the subject, she could hide her inept social ability.
“Glad to see you aren't cold and wet." An air of amusement tugged at the side of his mouth. Slowly smiling, Michael reached into his back pocket and produced a  folded piece of paper. “You're probably aware of the camp fire meetings. But I'll give you this anyway."  Unfolding the paper he handed it to Kris. 
“Required attendance?" 
“Yeah. Apparently.” Michael's voice dropped lower.
Glancing down at the familiar notice of the staff campfire meeting, she nodded. An assortment of public campfire meetings could be found on any given night. But the staff meetings were held on Fridays at the back pit amphitheater. A small but worn dirt trail led from the south end of Willow Camp, through dense forest until opening up to a small clearing. Granite walls jutted auspiciously out of the the sloping forest floor. During spring, ribbons of water trickled down the rock in irregular  pathways. In the middle of the clearing was a mammoth  pit of rocks singed black from campfires, surrounded by crude log seats.  A smaller trail led away from the clearing, into thick forest, leading back to the staff camp. Many people wound back towards the Willow Camp lodge and took the direct paved trail home. It was also a chance to grab some chips and beer at the Black Bear Market for some late night socializing on cabin decks. 
Kristjana felt dazed scanning over the paper. A greater sense of urgency hovered over this meeting. No surprise what the main theme of this meeting would be - the increased attacks on staff workers. Swallowing hard, Kris straightened up. Her brow furrowed and she found herself distracted.
“If you could notify your co-workers?" Michael raised an eyebrow in suspicion. Part of his attention was directed toward the kitchen. A piercing clatter of pots ripped open the passive silence of the hall. 
“I will, but you won't see many of them at the meeting." Kris tucked the paper into the waist of her white apron. 
“I'm sure you could convince them.” Michael smiled warmly.
“I'll do my best. But it's sort of a tradition to apod these meetings around here. I'll post this anyway.”
Michael's dark eyes diverted negligently towards the thin waist of the apprehensive creature standing before him. Her white apron was pulled tightly around in front, a thick square knot around the back. Thin, pale fingers toyed with the edge of the stiff paper sticking out of her apron. In nervous fashion, Kris kept fidgeting with the fabric folds of her waitress uniform. Her  hands were  cold. Cool breezes seeping through cracks in the entry doors were not helping. Kris licked her dry lips, trying to figure out what else to say yet only mundane, unintelligent items were flashing to the forefront of her mind. 
Michael observed her lapse of self confidence and the tiny break down in her posture. Intrigue brought forth  the warm burn of indecent thoughts, yet he was resistant to let his mind wander too far at such a juncture. It was commonplace for Michael to find a quick attraction with such an enticing lass, but he found himself instantly annoyed with the distraction. Weak attempts at squashing stray inappropriate images was uncharacteristically testing his will. The fine hairs on the back of his neck suddenly pricked his uniform collar. 
Kristjana noticed a growing unfamiliar energy between the two of them, and  she felt the urge to end the encounter. Wondering if her feet were cemented into the wooden floor boards, she glanced down at her shoes. Kris knew many park rangers, law enforcement, and even investigators that were regularly coming and going in the national park. Oddly, she'd never experienced loss of her usual unattached attitude. His handsome appearance was an understatement. But she needn't worry. Men like him chased after red lipped whores and big busted bimbos.
Kris fingered a long strand of blond hair, wrapping it behind her ear. A slow awful reminder surfaced. She skipped out on a shower the previous night. The sheer horror of her certain grotesque appearance surely must be overwhelming to this Roman god. What an obvious second rate peasant worker she portrayed. An unprofessional disheveled personal representation. Kris felt an odd prickly sensation coupled with rapid embarrassment. This handsome ranger was probably about to choke to death due to her transient exhibition. 
The lanky female flushed a peculiar bright shade of pink. While it was pleasing to finally see color to her pale skin, Michael grew perplexed and uncharacteristically intrigued. Perhaps he made her nervous or she was shy with strangers. Surely there was something meant to stay shrouded.
“I'll let you get back to your work. Nice to meet you." A loud electronic tone from a radio attached to his hip followed. “Excuse me."  He turned, walking out the front doors.  Kris peered out, watching him speak into the device. Then the doors heavily shut and she tried to snap out of her daze. 
It had been a rather long time since the bombarding of butterflies and complete loss of rational thought had overtaken her  composure.
Kristjana swallowed hard and wound a strand of hair around her index finger. Peering off toward the kitchen, she prayed Adam had not witnessed this interaction. Scrutiny from her ex-boyfriend was a constant complication. Thankfully she did not see his head poking over the metal counters in  attempted surveillance. The double kitchen doors were propped open, but through them, she did not see Adam. 
Kris pivoted staring blankly out at the disorderly dining hall. At least nobody was around. Covering part of her face with damp hands, Kris convinced herself she was smarter than this. That her total lapse into a bundle of nerves before a man was such a disgusting reaction. Lightheaded, she brushed her hair back and returned to work.

Chapter Five

Michael's pace quickened with each heavy step of his boots on damp ground. Fleeting thoughts of the blond waitress clouded his mind. The way her full, pale lips pursed together. Her fidgety nature. The anticipation of the impending encounter with her again at tonight's meeting. Michael paused briefly from his hurried pace back to the truck to answer a few questions from disillusioned tourists.
Michael Falkenrath was not the typical park ranger. Five individuals bearing park law enforcement badges were tasked with main duties of keeping the peace, traffic enforcement, and investigations. It was a never ending saga of theft, vandalism, forced entry, shoplifting, and more serious offenses such as lewd acts, rape or domestic abuse. His enforcement was not limited to tourists and park visitors. Many times he intervened when a charge or allegation was brought forth against a park employee. 
Michael climbed aboard his Dodge truck and nested the radio back into a holster on the dashboard. In a very odd way, thoughts of the unique female wouldn't leave his mind. Visions of her large blue eyes and long hair taunted him. She attempted to constrain her iridescent tresses in a bun, with a pen stuck through, yet half of it recklessly fell into her face. He found himself wanting to know more about her. Such a nervous approach to a stranger was curious. She was not the typical predatory or ditsy female he came across more often than not. This gal was striking but very ill at ease. He was turned on immensely by the encounter, although she had not flirted with him.
Jamming the key into the ignition, the engine gave a deep growl and then settled into an idle hum. Michael pushed aside his stray thoughts for now. Hopefully she would show at the meeting. Her safety as well as that of others was important and most likely nobody was aware of all the foul play taking place in the camps.

~ ~ ~ 

“Miss! Miss!”
Kris twisted around at the irritated voice. The dining hall was bursting at the seams filled with impatient guests. 
“Can I help you?” Kris raised an eyebrow in dismay. A round table before her was littered with half eaten food, big wadded piles of napkins, spilled juice, even a puffy wrapped dirty diaper. 
The mother of screaming, hyperactive children angrily called out to Kris. The lady had loosely curled but mopish hair and an over abundance of gold jewelry. A nasty scowl was permanently etched on her face. Kris knew right away the woman wasn't used to being outside due to the bright red sunburn upon her cheeks and other exposed skin.
“Is someone going to take our plates away, or what?” She motioned with her hand to the spectacle of dirty dishes with half eaten portions. 
“Sorry ma'am. We are a bit busy tonight,” Kris cleared her throat and scanned the serving station for Raina or the other girls on duty. 
“Well, why don't you clean this up?” In one arm the lady gingerly held onto a small child who'd plastered itself in ketchup and was now in the decline of a major tantrum. The father was busy shoveling meatloaf slathered with mashed potatoes into his exceptionally large mouth. Every so often he reached over and tugged at one of the kids next to him, forcing the lad back into a booster chair. Several more of the youngsters were finding entertainment under the table, letting out several shrill sounds.
Kris nodded, observing the scene, and failing to find any words that would sooth the disenchanted mother.  Grabbing a nearby gray plastic basin, Kris began piling glass, silverware and plates into it. They had tried a bit of every dish offered, apparently finding most of it revolting. It would be good eating for the bears later on. 
Kicking open the swinging kitchen door, Kris unloaded the heavy batch of plates glued together by discarded food.  Swiftly she separated the silverware off the plates and one by one scraped food remnants into a big trash receptacle next to the stainless counter. Out of the very corner of her eye, she caught notice of Adam in a cloud of steam coming from the large sinks. Continual hot water poured from the over sized faucet. The hum from industrial sized dishwashers to the rear of the kitchen added to the chaos. 
“Kris!” Adam was motioning for her. 
Stacking up a large pile of plates next to a free sink, Kris made her way over to Adam. 
“What are you doing later?” 
A typical attempt by Adam to ignore the obvious, and try and wear her down. Kris didn't satisfy him with a response and started out of the kitchen.
“Wait, I need to speak to you.” Adam shut off the water.
“I have nothing to say.” Kris grabbed a dish towel and wiped thick grease off her hands. Adam came over and intensified his gaze at her.
“I swear to god if you don't get the hell away from me and quit this -”
“What? And do what? You know you like it.”
Once accustomed to his pestering ways and unrelenting probing into her life, Kris had grown resentful. To the point of doing something out of character.
 “I don't want to do this anymore.”
“Well unfortunately we work together.” Adam grinned.
“No we don't. Not together. My job is separate from yours. And maybe, just maybe I'll quit, take off and never see you again.”
Kris tossed the towel on the counter, scowling at him before leaving the kitchen rather quick.

7:35 PM. 
A cool breeze swept up a few leaves, scattering them into nearby bushes. Kris stood outside, apron in one hand, her backpack in another. The air was damp and smelled faintly of rain. Her eyes burned in the lateness of the day. Feet swollen and growing more numb by the minute, she cursed softly. Retreating to her small cabin and sleeping for eternity was an overwhelming desire. Kris needed a shower first in order to look presentable for the mandatory staff meeting. Perhaps a wheel chair was in order, for she did not think her legs were capable of steady travel. 
“What was wrong with everyone today? Losers from hell.” Raina bounced up alongside Kris. The short haired spitfire possessed more energy than average. She was snapping her gum and humming.
“What took so darn long?” Slightly irritated, Kris lifted her day pack over one shoulder. 
Raina shook her head playfully side to side. She pulled out a colorful baseball cap and pulled it down on her tweaked brown hair.  Closing her eyes for a moment, she turned her face to the late evening sky. Kris  couldn't help but give a small chuckle. 
“Praying?” Kris knew full well Raina despised religion. “Come on, can we get moving? Please?” 
Raina gave a small boisterous hop.
“Yeah, yeah, okay. Hey, are you going to the meeting? I hear a new hot ranger is in town” She was full of smiles, walking backward while snapping and popping away on some bubble gum.
“Honestly, I'd rather go to bed, but sounds like a meeting not to be missed,” Kris yawned.
Raina floated around and walked forward. 
“Oh, don't be a poop, Kris. You need more of a social life.”
“I get enough socializing with the bears.”
“Boy, you're grumpy. Come on, let's get some food. Terri is making a wicked mocha lately.”
“I just want a shower.” 
“Later. Come, on Kris.”
“Oh fine. Whatever. You win. But I'm not drinking anything made by Terri White. That chick scares me.” 
“Okay!” Raina grabbed Kris's arm, pulling her back down the trail toward the center of Willow Camp.
But, as usual, Raina spotted another friend and soon became distracted.  Kris didn't wait and made her way over to the small store. The stone hut with a thatch roof was mobbed with tourists, but Kris pushed her way through, gathering some items to snack on. 
Giving the cashier a twenty dollar bill, she mouthed keep it and quickly tried to exit. Outside she plodded over a big grassy hill, and sat down near some boulders. With the sunlight quickly fading, Kris wondered if she had enough time to get to the camp fire meeting at all. She had to admit, secretly, that seeing the new ranger again would be intriguing. After eating her assortment of food, Kris brushed her hands off and started her way back up the steep trail to the staff camp. A low mist blanketed the forest and the air was thick with woodsy smoke. 

~ ~ ~
Adam spat on the ground next to a tree. He'd been following the girls from a distance. Angry and fighting foul thoughts, he moved further out of sight in the dense foliage. Quickly relieving himself next to a set of trees, he growled a mixture of unintelligible words. He began to trod heavily through rough terrain. A insatiable heat rose within him.  Discontent, and betrayal surged to the forefront of his thoughts.  Adam made way through thick plants and uneven ground, his forceful gate cracking and snapping branches. 
Adam lay witness earlier in the day to the unfortunate encounter betwixt that ranger and Kristjana.  Another person piquing her interest? Kris was his. There was no one else. They shared an exclusive connection and no amount of whoring herself to other men was going to break it. Her writhing, tenuous female form mated to his flesh and mind, would never be purged from his thoughts. Her current disillusionment would need to be corrected. Kristjana's stubborn ways would subside, he'd have to be patient. 
 Finally out of the forest and connecting with the winding trail back to the staff camp, Adam slowed a bit. Pausing briefly to light a cigarette, he took several long drags then picked up the pace. Unable to fight old memories, his fiery mind wandered to the past. Her long blond hair draped over his face as she kissed his neck. Droplets of sweat across her brow. Suckling of her lips on his neck.  His cock was always so hard for her.  Entering her tight, fucking cunt, listening to those  deep, little moans.  Fucking for hours on end.  Adam smiled devilishly .  Afterward, she could hardly walk! No other male could provide what he could! Kris would remember. She was only confused for the time being. 
Adam was certain Kris's return to him would occur. In the meantime, his longing for pleasure could not be suppressed. Self gratification no longer appeased his lustful appetite. Reaching into the side compartment of his pack, Adam withdrew a half empty bottle of whiskey. Again he paused on the trail and took several long swigs of the golden drink. The night air was growing colder. Tucking the bottle back into the pack, he coughed and began walking with more determination. The meeting would be at least another hour. He had time.

~ ~ ~

8:12 PM
She isn't here. Michael scanned the meeting area, with subtle curiosity. Surveying the log benches and small groups of people, a small twinge of disappointment struck the stoic ranger. Michael arrived at ten minutes before eight. He chatted about inconsequential topics with the other park managers and law enforcement. Only a handful of staff showed up for the talk. 
Cool breezes were descending off the steep granite cliffs above. In the center of the amphitheater was a big circular stone fireplace. An open pit actually, charred black from numerous fires from years past. 
A short pudgy female ranger was talking incessantly. A few of the head staff stood around drinking coffee,  discussing events of the day. A few more park employees trickled into the clearing, visibly tired, speaking in elevated voices. 
Kris trampled along the forest path slowly towards the amphitheater. Her vision a tad blurred, she strained to see in the dim light amidst thick tree cover.  Up ahead she finally saw the large glow of the fire pit. Raina was most likely already there and deep into socialization. Closer to the break in trees leading to the clearing, Kristjana slowed. It was cold. Her face felt numb. Hands shoved deep into the pockets of her jacket, Kris felt the cruel knot of hunger in her stomach. 
Finally she reached the edge of the tree canopy and stepped precariously onto granite rocks scattered with loose debris. Her boots made a crunching sound like walking on broken dinner plates. 
Many stood around, catching up, telling stories, spreading gossip. A large easel  bore the agenda for the  meeting. Kris casually said hello to some familiar faces, passing around others sitting on the logs. She found a spot removed from most everyone else yet close enough to absorb the intense warmth of the raging flames.  Digging through her small pack, she pulled out a sandwich. She'd grabbed a fast snack from the cafe before heading to the meeting. Quickly she unwrapped the plastic and sunk her teeth into the soft bread.
Chewing slowly, Kris watched several groups of familiar people sitting on long benches crudely carved from felled trees.  Finding it hard to swallow, she took a jittery drink of chocolate milk.  Her eyes watered as she managed to get the food and sweet liquid down. 
“All right, we're going to get started!” A short plump woman moved to the front of the gathering, holding a stack of papers. Several yards away, three other uniformed individuals turned and approached the fire pit.
“Ready for the ass chewing?” a familiar voice spoke softly from behind.
“Randy. Quite a surprise to see you at one of these.” Kris smiled up at an unshaven face. Randy  Duncan smirked, and promptly sat down next to her. One of the first people Kris became friends with at White Rock. A well known loner, yet well spoken and a bit rebellious when it came to park rules and regulations. Randy led nature walks along the meadows and waterfalls, quietly narrating to curious visitors and boisterous families. 
“Who's the new stud?” Randy followed Kristjana's longing stare at a tall masculine figure standing near the head of the fire. Kris flushed a rosy pink glow. Raising an eye brow Randy grinned and remained silent.
Kris stared at the dirt and scattered pine needles on the ground. Her face grew hot. Pursing her lips together, ready to discount his tease, she flashed a crooked smile and crossed her arms. The start of the meeting quickly became disorganized and attendees chattered loudly at random intervals. Only a cackling hot fire in the large stone pit competed with the elevated volume of voices. Kris was fatigued and wished nothing more than to lay in her small bed in a warm cabin. The ranger she met earlier at the dining hall appeared to be ignoring her anyway. Perhaps she misinterpreted the earlier interaction with him. Well, men weren’t to be trusted anyway. Nothing but heartache and trouble. 
“Crap I wish they'd hurry up,” Kris sighed, putting her feet up on the log in front of her. Raina's chirpy voice was clambering on with a several friends a few rows over. Randy nodded in response to the comment. He produced a small tattered notebook and sketched busily on a page filled with rough images of park wildflowers. Randy faintly smelled of musk and dirt, but in a very pleasant way. Kris found herself inhaling deeply, enjoying his personal fragrance. Not quite a Grizzly Adams, but perhaps a modern day John Steinbeck. Kris grew very sleepy. She turned her attention to Randy's sketch and they began discussing locally blooming flowers and plants of the area.  
“What a couple of losers.” Raina plopped down on a log next to Randy.
“Who, us?” Randy frowned.
“Yeah, you guys. This thing is boring as hell. Kris, you see him?” Raina leaned over, excited.
Kris straightened from her hunched position, of studying a page with  blue and purple flower drawings.
“Yes. I'm not blind. Can you speak a little louder though, half the clan didn't hear you.” 
“I see you're still in a bad mood.” Raina popped open a soda. She was out of breath and filled with energy. She tilted her head back slightly, taking a long drink.
“I'm tired and want to go home.” Kris yawned heavily. 
Randy peered up from his drawing and set his eyes on the disorganized staff. 
“Do you think there's something really going on? Or are we all about to get canned?” Randy settled back to his sketch book page.
“No, they wouldn't get rid of anyone now, not near the peak of the season. No way. But I heard from Jake and that slut bitch Rhonda, that there's been a rape in camp. Already, this season! They think it's a staff member doing it. Can you fuckin' believe that?” Raina blurted, speaking a mile a minute. She  paused to take another gulp of soda. “I personally think it's the new guy, Vince. He doesn't fit in. At the laundry the other day, he was like totally a loner, staring at everyone, but hardly uttering a word.” 
“The way you guys single people out, no wonder he keeps to himself.” Kris stretched. 
Randy chuckled and then put his finger to his lips and shushed. “Hey, quiet, maybe we'll find out.” He gestured toward the female ranger speaking.  
“Thank you all for coming. We will try cover everything as quickly as possible, we know you've all had a hard day, and want to go on about your business.”   A short, stout woman with hair that was pinned back in a tight bun on her head, spoke to the fragmented crowd. 
“They wouldn't know a damn thing about a hard day's work,” Raina smiled devilishly. 
“Shhhh!” someone in the audience blurted.
Kris toyed with a strand of hair, brow furrowed in confusion.  Her best friend had been acting odd all day, like she contained some secret information. It would not be surprising if Raina had details that remained unpublished to the rest of the camp staff. 
“I want to begin by thanking those of you who are here tonight, and to please tell your co-workers and friends,...” The female's words trailed off as she thumbed through the stack of papers she held in her hands. “Well, please encourage others to attend next time.” She straightened herself and faced out at the gathering. “I will turn this  over to Beth Taylor, you all know her, please give her your undivided attention.” 
 A few muffled chuckles broke free in the audience. Beth was well known, yet for reasons not of regard or flattery. Ms. Taylor worked in the administration office of White Rock.  Appointed to the position only three years prior. Beth had little grasp on exactly how to operate a National Park, never mind a wild and unpredictable conglomeration of people. She had been criticized for her beauty-queen appearance, failure to get her hands dirty with park issues and flirtatious behavior with male staff.
Kris smirked as Beth approached the small wooden platform. Whatever this whore had to say carried little importance. Thirty feet away from the platform stood Michael. His attention appeared to be focused on Beth, no surprise. Perhaps they were fucking, Kris suddenly thought. Beth certainly was a sight for sore eyes.
Sweeping back a long strand of curled red hair, Beth  tilted her head slightly to one side, pausing briefly. When her eyes finally rose, she anxiously surveyed the quiet gathering. She hated dealing with these people, informing them was a total waste of time. The fire continued to crackle and hiss, sending streams of sparks skyward. 
“Hello. Thank you for coming.” Her voice was even toned and totally lacking enthusiasm.
A crude joke resounded from the back seats. Kris raised an eyebrow. Beth was a specimen to behold, never taken seriously from those under her and a butt of constant jokes.  Kris always envisioned Beth as a bubbling, big bosomed television news anchor. Yammering on stories of dismembered babies and drug addicts killing their parents.  Thousands of pubescent boys masturbating  behind locked bathroom doors to the very sight of the red lipped temptress on their television screens. The evening news would never be the same again.
“Many of you are aware, the park has hired several additional security personnel.” She glanced sideways to her left, toward the group of rangers, “Keri Brusk, Damon Jerr, and Michael Falkenrath.” Beth motioned with one arm towards the fully uniformed officers. 
“Uh, Keri gave up her position, in the coveted Blue Ridges National Park. Damon, uh,” Beth motioned for him to step forward, “transferred from Rocky Garrison National Park and,” Beth seemed to swallow quite hard before orating the next name, “Mr. Falkenrath joins us from Ametter Canyon Park, our sister park to the south.” Beth turned and faced the fire pit.
“Perhaps a round of applause. These individuals gave up quite a bit to uproot and become a part of our family here in White Rock.” Beth started clapping but several moments passed before the crowd meagerly joined the welcome clap. 
“I'd say someone has the hots for the Falkenrath guy,” Raina snorted, flashing Kris a look. Kris clamped her teeth together in resistance to her friend's assumption.
“Uh, this is our new investigating officer and deputy. He is taking charge of investigations as well as park   enforcement,” Beth said, glancing over to Michael.
“Why is that?” Somebody stood up and yelled from the audience. “What's with the hired meat?!” 
Raina bent over Randy's lap laughing furiously. Once she recovered she spoke, trying to keep her voice hushed.
“You know Jake has a brother in the Marines. He's been saying the park is hauling big time security people in.” 
Kristjana turned to look at Jake. Notorious at organizing parties in camp, but rarely did she see him drink. He'd worked at White Rock for the past four seasons.  Kris twirled her hair around her finger, wondering why the extra enforcement was needed. There were incidents every year, what made this season so special? Too many parties? Crazy tourists? 
 “Well, Mr. McAllister, please sit down, I am getting to that,” Beth spoke directly at Jake. He was refusing to sit and defiantly standing with arms crossed.   
Beth recomposed herself and then tried again. 
“I'm sure, as you have heard through the rumor mill  there have been attacks on females in the park. Now, we do not tolerate this type of crime. It has been a bit difficult to solve, and right now the  incidents are getting more violent.” She frowned and  glanced back at the rangers for help in elaboration, yet nobody said a thing.
“What, are you talking about? Why don't you give it to us straight, man?” Jake stood up again, more irritated this time. 
“Mr. McAllister. Please take your seat!” Beth grew increasingly unhinged.
“Yeah, I'll take a seat!” Jake grumbled loudly, pushing at someone yanking on his shirt, urging him to sit.
“Several females have been uh, violated.  There is a violent component to the attacks, however.” She stared down at her pretty fingernails.
“Are rapes not violent enough?” Kris whispered to Raina.
Jake stood yet again, waving his hand in disgust.
“Then let the real police handle it!” 
Silence eerily blanketed the clearing. Only the hissing and popping of the dwindling fire could be heard. 
Kris watched and waited for Beth to respond. Her eyes narrowed, expecting further explanation. After a few moments, Beth licked her lips and spoke. 
“This is an internal issue. White Rock is fully capable of handling the safety of the park. We have some good leads about the individual. I've asked Mr. Falkenrath  to speak in regards to safety and protocol.” She motioned to the stoic ranger, standing patiently in the shadows. “If you would, please.” Beth nodded to him, urging him to take the podium. 
“God. This isn't good,” Randy stated flatly. Folding his book shut, he quietly waited for Michael to speak.
“Thank you Ms. Taylor.” Michael stepped onto the redwood stage, the old boards creaking softly. He placed both hands on the podium and directed his attention toward the group.
“Approximately two weeks ago, a young female worker was attacked at Willow Camp,” Michael spoke firmly.  “There was another altercation last night near the staff quarters. These attacks involved a rape, but but also body mutilation. We are asking any of you, to report any and all suspicious activity or persons to us immediately. Hopefully most of you have cell phones.”  
Suddenly a familiar voice interrupted him.
“What good is that! There's no fucking signal in this place!” Jake popped up from his seat yet again.
Michael looked directly at him and continued, “I'm aware of that. I've made certain recommendations to Beth.” Michael motioned to her, but did not make eye contact. “And one of those recommendations is issuing radios to all of you.”
“Like the ones you guys carry?” a plump dark haired girl spoke.
“They will be similar, yes, but not the same units that we carry.” 
Muffled chatter arose quickly.
“I have other things to cover. Please direct your attention up here for now, save the discussion for later.” Michael's voice hardened up.
Shivers were overtook Kris. This was a lot worse than she'd been expecting. Every year the park was wrought with a crime wave, a pervert on the loose, even an aggressive bear, breaking into cars, stealing food. Common were rescues of a stray tourist falling into a rushing river, swollen with icy water, or the over zealous hiker stuck in a precarious position in the back country.  Big city crime such as a serial rapist, was somewhat unusual at White Rock Park.
Damp cold air was settling into the clearing at an increasing rate. Kris slumped with her arms wrapped against her midsection. Dismayed, Randy started drawing in his sketch book once more. 
Small earphones attached to long thin white cords draped from underneath Raina's purple winter cap. She was mouthing words in silence and tapping her foot in the dirt.
Kris blinked a few times and tried to take a deep breath. Instead she sputtered and coughed.  She unwound a thick purple scarf around her neck, and brought part of the material up to her nose and mouth.
“That's about it. Does anyone have any questions?” Michael's stoic, unwavering voice cast silence over the gathering. Sharp, stinging pricks of pain plagued his lower back. Old injuries from long ago reminded him of his past. Michael found it rather troubling that he had spent a lot of years rebuilding his life finding solace in nature yet now he was back in a position of dealing with the evils of human life. He couldn't escape the dark side of society, even in the peacefulness of nature and a national park. 
Kris blankly gazed out at the fire, occasionally her attention drew towards this newcomer. He stood before them all a mysterious informant, yet perhaps the protection that was truly needed. Blinking back sleepiness, Kris became cross. The ranger was finally done scaring everyone to death, her only thought was sulking back to a cold cabin and crawling under a pile of musty blankets. The meeting had dragged on long enough. A remaining thought bothered her. Exactly who was attacked? Where? Why weren't they giving out any specific details to this sorted situation?
A few people stood up, asking more questions. Fear and concern laced in their voices.  Many others stood saying quick goodbyes and disappearing into the forest. Raina popped up and bounced over a few logs towards several friends. 
“Well, that just about does it for me. I look forward to weeks of harassment and phony militia following me wherever I go,” Randy scoffed. 
Kris spoke in a low voice, staring at pine needles on the ground, “Why do you say that?”
“All males in camp are guilty until proven innocent. We're going to be under the cloud of suspicion indefinitely until they come up with the pervert doing this.” 
“Maybe this new ranger will be different.” Kris recalled the past failed attempts from park security to solve heinous crimes.
“One can only hope.” Randy promptly removed a down jacket, wrapping it over Kris's shoulders. “Trying to kill yourself with hypothermia? Jeez, Kris.” 
“Let's get the hell out of here,” Kris announced, pulling at the sides of the jacket.
“Whoa, nelly.  Why don't you warm up a bit, next to the fire?” Randy urged.  Kris reluctantly agreed. She wanted to leave, but maybe getting warm first was a better idea. It was a long walk back to camp.
While Randy grabbed his notebook and pencils, stuffing them into his backpack, Kris became distracted in the scent of his jacket. It smelled of campfire smoke mixed with Randy's own sweet musky personality. Kris poked her face down further into the fabric, drawing in a deep breath. The warmth began to take hold. She moved past Randy and padded over to the dwindling fire in the stone circle.  A few rangers remained, but after a quick glance around, Kris could not locate Mr. Falkenrath. Perhaps the night had wore him out and he fled to his presumably posh quarters on the other side of the park. Raina was missing as well, but that was common. 
“Okay, better?” Randy asked, smiling down at Kris, who was sitting huddled on a log in front of the fire.
“Much better. But probably time to head back. Everyone's left.” 
Randy looked up and breathed heavily. White streams of night air drifted from his mouth, “I'll walk you. There's danger out in them woods.” 
“Fine.” Kris stood. 
“Thank you guys for coming.” Michael appeared from the darkness, carrying some papers. 
“Wouldn't have missed it.” Randy had a sarcastic edge to his voice.
“Nice to met you.” Michael offered his hand in greeting.
Randy, usually not big on formality, shook hands, nodding. “Randy Duncan. Lowly park worker.” 
“Sorry to hear that. What do you do here at White Rock?” Michael casually put a hand on his duty belt.
“I'm a guide. I lead screaming kids, families, couples on walks through the meadows and stuff. Generally nobody listens to me. Most don't even understand what I'm saying.” 
“He means the ones that don't understand English.” Kris smiled at Randy, then took a quick glance at the ranger. Very often Randy didn't makes sense, or his own weird humor rubbed others the wrong way, creating quite an awkward situation. Kris noticed how Randy seemed to show a bit of apprehension in Michael's presence. 
“We were just leaving,” Randy broke the awkward silence. Michael hastened his gaze to Kristjana. She fidgeted awkwardly at the jacket, trying to trap fleeting warmth around her midsection.
Michael surveyed Randy, who had taken a few steps backward in anticipation of departure. 
“Thank you Randy. Why don't you get going? I can make sure she returns safely,” Michael spoke in a deep voice.  
“Ah. Of course. Yes, well, you would be better suited as body guard than I.” Randy examined Kris for any signs of her discomfort, but she only appeared cold and tired.
“Randy, it's fine. See you tomorrow?” Kris was getting annoyed with Randy's attempt to delay. Kris threaded an arm out of the jacket, ready to return it to him.
“No.  I don't need it. Keep it. I'll get it from you another time.” He continued to move back down the row of logs toward the  trail. 
“Thanks.” 
“See  ya, kiddo.” Randy winked and turned away. Kris watched blankly until Randy's lanky figure disappeared into the darkness.
Michael stood silently as Randy strode off, not sure of what to make of their odd connection. 
“I didn't mean to interrupt,” Michael apologized, although he wasn't sorry at all for sending the scruffy kid away.  
“No. It's okay.” Lateness of the hour was fogging her senses. 
“Is he your boyfriend?” 
Kris's eyes widened at the personal question.
“Oh, heck no. Randy? He's a good friend.” Kris's cheeks turned bright pink. 
Michael narrowed his eyes, “Seems like a tight knit community.”
“It can be. At times. Not always though. You work here long enough, you get to know a lot of people. It's a strange microcosm.”
“I see.” 
“Are we all really getting radios?” Kris abruptly changed the subject. She wanted to touch her face to make sure it wasn't on fire. She blinked  several more times, her eyes irritated from campfire smoke. 
“Can I help you with this?” Michael reached down and carefully took hold of her pack.  Kris shook her head, leaning down to grasp it. But he was quicker.
“Oh, yeah, okay,” Kris bounced back. His politeness was confusing. She hardly knew this guy, which made for a bundle of nerves in the pit of her stomach.
“Yes. Willow Camp will have short range radios. They will be on on a different frequency than park security.” Michael explained and gestured toward the path.  “Shall we?”
“Sure.” Kris moved past him. The sleeve of Randy's jacket brushed against Michael's green uniform. Kris's heart jumped quickly, absorbing the intense energy of being so close to this ruggedly handsome person. Michael made no effort to move or back away as Kris slid past. The aisle between logs was narrow with knotty protrusions. 
“But, um, if they aren't on the same frequency, what good is that? You guys won't be able to hear us low folk.”  It was slightly absurd. Why have a bunch of expensive radios to talk to each other instead of warning the proper authorities in case of an emergency?
Michael smiled in amusement. “The finer details have yet to be worked out.”
“I'm surprised Beth Taylor approved the radios. Let alone anything.” Kris was actually surprised. Beth had a long history of being difficult.
“Yes, quite surprising.”
“You must be very convincing.” Kris left it at that, he obviously was done with the issue.
They both walked slowly, entering the forest. The crackling of rocks underfoot dissipated and became muffled with dirt and pine needles. 
“Just going to leave the fire burning? ” Kris turned back to catch a glimpse of billowing smoke.
 “Damon was staying behind a bit longer. He'll make sure it goes out.” 
Kris glanced sideways at Michael. 
“I didn't see him.” 
“Don't worry. He's there,” Michael reassured her. 
Kris got the distinct feeling this ranger was short on words unless commanding a platoon or constructing battle plans.  As she walked along, some of her wits began to re-emerge. Tomorrow was Monday, her day off. The only comforting thought in the world was sleeping in late, grabbing some espresso and trail mix from the cafe, then  heading off on a tough little hike up Takor's Pass. 
“What are your thoughts?” Michael unexpectedly asked, his tone noticeably subdued.
“On what?” Kris tugged on her purple fleece hat.
Michael glanced at her. 
“Well, I  forgot until an hour ago, tomorrow is my day off.  I was thinking of taking a hike up a steep trail. Takor Pass is nice this time of year.” 
“I'm not familiar with it.” Michael liked the sound of a trek into the high country. A reprieve from the politics of work would be most desirable. He was also quite pleased to hear that she apparently favored nature and solitude over other endeavors.
“Sorry. Keep forgetting you are new to this place.”  
“That's quite all right.”
“There's a narrow trail that starts behind the cabins. I usually cut through the forest. Reaching the trail only takes a short time.  The main trail head is near Black Creek. No reason for me to go over there.”  She wondered at that moment how much of park he was familiar with. Perhaps Michael had not explored White Rock, but then he must have some working knowledge of certain areas.
“I don't blame you. It's a rather congested region.” Michael's voice giving the impression of some experience with the Black Creek area.
“But I suppose I need to rethink traveling through the forest alone, now. Shouldn't I?” 
“Well if you're referring to the attacks, I would officially need to advise you that, yes, it would be risky behavior to hike alone.” He refrained from adding what a perfect target she was.
“Oh. Okay.” How sad it had all come to this.
“However, you could take certain measures to protect yourself. Do you own a firearm?”
“A gun? Oh heck no,” Kris nervously laughed.
“How about bear spray?” 
“Yes. Well, I have several canisters. I think some need to be thrown out. I take them home from work. We get a lot of problems with the bears in the dumpsters in back of the kitchen. Our boss says once they are half empty, they aren't good anymore.”
“The dumpsters?”
“No, no, I meant the bear spray canisters.” Kris was tripping over her words.
“I would just buy a new one, and keep it for your hikes.”
“I think I will do that,” Kris agreed, thinking about the clutter of canisters on her desk. It could be quite embarrassing for someone to see them all, not understanding why she hung onto them.  She also realized the innocent outdoor playground which she adored, was also the hunting grounds for a sickened criminal. Bears were the lesser of two dangers now. 
“All the incidents so far have happened around Willow Camp and out in the meadows. We don't know if the perpetrator is stalking trails, but you need to be extra careful, Kris.”  
Perhaps there was real concern for safety, she thought, listening intently to his words. The meeting seemed like a bunch of hype at first, the usual fear mongering of the administration. Now, after hearing the affirmation from Michael, Kris decided it was quite serious.
“I wonder why those areas are hit? Why not the tourist camps?” Kris spoke under her breath, disillusioned to her armed escort. 
“Tourist areas are rather busy. Too risky for someone willing to do harm and not get caught.” A sly smile reached a corner of his mouth. She was smart. Questioning  the situation was a good sign.
“Yes, of course. I see. So that means I should be a desirable target.”
“Why do you say that?” Michael frowned.
Kris smiled politely over at him. “Well, you'll see soon enough. My cabin is the last on the row. Some of the trees almost hide it.”
Instead of agreeing with her revelation, Michael thought she would be best served with advice instead of dire warnings.
“Like I said, get a new can of deterrent, or maybe a couple of them. Put one by the door and keep it there.”
Kris nodded in acknowledgment.
They walked the remaining distance in silence. The eeriness of the nighttime forest engulfed the prior cordial conversation.  Kris was sleepy, but enjoyed the peaceful journey back to camp. Stray thoughts nagged at her. Why her? Why had he arranged to escort her back to camp? Did the gesture mean something or was she about to make a big deal out of nothing?
Dim lights began to appear as the forest thinned out, leading into camp.  Dim yellow  porch lights dotted each cabin. As daylight dwindled, the lights came on  each evening, connected by a simple automated timer located near the shower building. Each cabin was crafted from old lumber, harvested by the first workers to White Rock. They were simple dwellings, lacking plumbing, insulation or finished interior walls. But in spite of this, electricity was available. Heating was provided by a small, crude wood stove.
 A worker could decide to share a bunkhouse, or reside in a single cabin. Kris kept seniority at her job year after year, therefore able chose the single unit at the end of the row, nearest to the trees.
“This is me.” She stopped in front of the warped steps of her cabin. She pivoted and faced the ranger.
Michael eyed her cabin for several moments, quietly observing. It was fairly dark, and Kris was unable to study his expression.
He handed her backpack and Kris thanked him.
“Uh, I'd invite you in, but I'm all out of espresso and scones.” 
“Go open up,” his voice was void of pleasantries. Kris twisted a strand of hair around two fingers. Oh, so he isn't just being nice. And he definitively didn't desire coffee or pastries, dummy. She swiftly ascended the steps and fumbled to shove the  key into the lock. The deadbolt clicked back and she pushed the creaky door open slowly. She turned around to see if Ranger was coming in, yet he remained at the base of the steps. Kris said nothing and entered her unit.  Damp  air greeted her as she stepped into the blackness. Nearly tripping over a blanket laying on the floor, she cursed  in a hushed voice.  
With a sharp snap, she switched on a wrought iron lamp on her writing desk next to the far wall. Looking around, she squinted at the mess and untidiness of her space. Disheveled cot with purple sleeping bag and blankets; several books stacked on the floor beside the bead; a half eaten plain bagel next to a notebook full of useless information. And an empty cup of tea with nothing but the bag left. Breathing heavily, heart annoyingly chugging like a train, she stumbled toward the open doorway.  Michael was patiently still waiting down below. 
“Everything seems fine.” Kris plodded down the steps. 
“Do you have a cell phone?” 
Kris reached down into a warm pocket of her fleece pants and produced a small black phone.
“Yeah, it hardly works. No signal most of the time. I don't know why I carry it.” 
“You can't get any call through?” 
“I rarely try anymore. I don't have many people to call. It works better over near the showers.” She gestured in the direction of the dimly lit stone structure in the distance. 
“I see.” Michael turned his attention down the row of cabins momentarily. “What time do you figure on waking tomorrow?” This willowy figure taunted his thoughts, his professionalism. Peculiar female, this blond wraith. She made little attempt at feigning attractions toward him, yet it was clear that she was anxious in his presence. Curiosity coursed through him.  It mattered little, what time she would awaken. All that grazed his mind was finding a stray moment or excuse to see her again soon.
Waking? Kris thought. What business of it was his? But she was mildly curious.
“Maybe seven or eight.” She sort of relished the thought of sleeping until noon, but Raina or Adam would surely interrupt that luxury.
“Perhaps you could show me this Takor Pass?” Michael took a chance she was willing to have company on the hike.
Kris's eyes widened, his request caught her off guard.  
“Sure. I'd love to. I mean, it's no Ametter Canyon, like you're used to, I hear.” 
“Great. I'll see you in the morning.” The corner of Michael's mouth edged a partial smile. He  stepped back into the shadows. The ground was soft and fresh with pine needles, crackling like tooth picks beneath his heavy boots.
“See you tomorrow, Michael.” 
“Get some rest,”he ordered and then briskly started  down the trail. 
“Okay,” she murmured to herself as he was out of ear shot.  She stood on the porch a few more minutes taking deep breaths of night air.  His dark figure disappeared along the trail. Echoing voices and occasional laughter emanated from other cabins. The night had come alive with frivolity and friends coming together.  In a way, Kris was tempted to join them.  Instead, she padded up the steps again, and went inside, making sure to lock the rickety door. She drifted down onto the cot. Several minutes passed, before further realization seeped into her  mind. 
She'd forgotten to thank Michael for his concern and for walking her all the way back to camp. Certainly he had a longer walk to retrieve his truck, parked below the amphitheater somewhere. Kris always struggled with guilt when it came to wasting other people's time.  But soon it did not matter. She fell asleep in her clothes with the light on, unable to fight off the exhaustion of the day.

~ ~ ~
 Adam Hoth withdrew deeper into the heavy foliage. Witnessing the park ranger swoon in awkward fashion over Kris, fueled his insatiable desire for her. Takor Pass. How lovely. What a betraying bitch! Who the hell was this ranger, anyway? A phony!  Another man using Kris. What a fucking little tease she was. Fine. She'll get burnt again by another man and come running back.
Anger settled over Adam like a swollen rain cloud. Kris was playing yet another game. She never learns. He was self confident that she would eventually get tired of soliciting other men like a street whore. 
Grasping the cigarette tucked behind his ear, Adam fished a lighter out of his worn jean pocket and swiftly ignited his smoke.  A long drag and then equally long exhale.  Fighting the urge to ascend her steps and take her into his arms, was nearly impossible. Adam wanted it to be like old times.  Yet old times were hard to get a handle on. A long trail of emotional damage could not be easily repaired. Adam was fierce in his convictions that Kris belonged with him.  They were better together than apart. She needed incentive. 
Adam began walking slowly, brushing past trees, heavy with recent rain. Visions of her silky, naked body laying next to him, taunted his mind. She acted such a convincing part; demure, shy, introverted. Yet by his guidance and command, she was a wild fiend in the bedroom.  Adam closed his eyes hard and stopped moving. Streams of smoke drifted outward from the cigarette between his lips. Deep, secret thoughts filled him.

Chapter Six

A loud rap pierced the morning stillness. Then another. 
The figure stood impatiently. A pair of worn leather boots scattered caked pieces of dry mud around the porch. White streams of smoke wafted upward from a lit cigarette clinging to his thin lips. 
“Goddammit, girl!” Adam spat on the wood boards. Once more, he pounded a fist against the flimsy door.
Kris bolted upright. The heavy thud woke her out of a deep sleep. Shakily, she pushed the covers back. Heaving air in and out of her lungs, she wondered if it was a dream.  What time was it? The alarm clock remained silent. Kris gazed, blurry-eyed around the cabin. Small beams of dusty sunlight penetrated the crude fabric curtain hanging on one of two windows. 
Again, the pounding struck the door. 
“What the bloody hell? Who the heck is this?” Kris whispered in a scraggly voice. Adrenaline began coursing through her. Vague thoughts materialized into an image of the rapist beating down her door.  Kris paused from quickly opening it. Instead, she reached into the book shelves above the cot, fumbling for her cell phone.  She could not locate it. Slow and careful, Kris pushed the sleeping bag off her legs, and extricated herself from the warm cocoon.
Another boom on the door. 
Kris swore, reacting to the chill from her bare feet on the cold floor. With shaking hands, she  grabbed her hiking boots and scanned around for a weapon. 
Irrational thoughts drifted into the forefront of her paranoid state. She could sneak through the side window, hoping the attacker was not paying careful attention. But it was a small cabin, and far to the ground. Her thudding body landing in a heap would surely be noticed instantly.
More rapping on the door. 
Kris swung around to examine a small digital travel clock on the desk.  In little green lights it read 6:36AM. Now she was freaked out. Michael said he wouldn't show until 8:30. Did he change his mind, showing up two hours early?
Kris grabbed a fleece sweatshirt and pulled it over her head. Again, she quickly searched for a weapon. Off in a dark corner, where she stored winter skis and snowshoes, was a long slender metal stick. It was a marshmallow roasting stick, yet it had sharp points on the end, in the shape of a fork. Kris wrapped a shaking hand around the end of the wood handle and approached the door. 
She listened closely for any sound that would lead to clues. Nothing. Nothing could be heard. The wind was tossing around a wooden chime hanging off the eaves of the porch. 
She clicked the deadbolt back, and firmly grasped the doorknob. Her heart pounded with extreme force. Lightheaded she pulled the door open a slightly. 
Exhaling in uneven breaths, Kris peeked out the small opening. Greeted by chilled morning air, she saw no one. Swallowing hard, she opened the door further.
“It is about darn time, Leibling. Oh, how I miss this look.” Adam surveyed her body. Leaning back in a leisurely fashion against the porch railing, he smirked at Kris. 
“Holy hell, Adam. What on god's green earth are you doing busting down my door at this hour? What's wrong with you?”
“Shit baby, you look good.” 
“Exactly. And you look like crap.” 
Kris remained inside the cabin, with the door slightly ajar, her foot bracing it from being opened further.
“Is there something in particular I can help you with or are you just here to annoy the snot out of me?” 
“Aren't you going to invite me in?” Adam looked the part of para-military freak. He wore black cargo pants with a ratty jacket adorning the name of a prominent outdoor equipment manufacturer. His large hunting knife was attached to a worn nylon belt, and he had a black knit hat covering his pointy head. Even for Adam, this motif was a little severe. Kris sighed heavily.
“No. Go away. You're not coming in.” Kris nervously scanned beyond his menacing figure. The small village of houses and common areas looked pretty quiet. At this hour on a Monday morning things were usually chaotic and bustling. Oddly, not on this day.
“I have some of your stuff. Don't you want it back?” Adam patted his backpack.
“This is not a good time.” Kris began to shut the door. 
“It's never a good time.” Adam reacted hastily, jutting his boot between the door and frame. Stunned, Kris tripped backward, landing on her elbows. The cold hardness of the wood floor stung sharply. Feeling awkward and clumsy, Kris scrambled to her feet. Adam stepped in and pushed the door closed with a thrust of his hand. 
“Oh darling, that's a very sexy look for you,” Adam spoke in a pinched voice, hungrily gawking at Kris.  Scowling, Kris yanked her sweater tight and crossed her arms. Peering down at the state of her appearance revealed bits of dirt, pine needles and other debris that had been tracked into the cabin from the forest floor. Keeping the cabin tidy on a regular basis was not a task Kris performed. Usually work at the lodge drained all her free time. Hiking was the next priority after work.
With her senses finally awake Kris  focused on getting him out. Anxiety about the rendezvous with Ranger ignited the butterflies in her stomach.
“Get out,” Kris shot at him.
Adam seemed very pleased with himself, and strode around in the small space. 
Kris toyed with playing along with Adam's strange behavior. She was annoyed but wondering what his ulterior motive was. Months had passed without him bantering and trying to heavily inject himself into her life. Why start up with this pestering again? Indeed, Adam had seen her talking to Michael at the hall yesterday. Kris was sure now.
“You're obviously going hiking. Get out of here and quit bothering me.” Kris went to her desk and started gathering all the half empty canisters of bear spray.
“I work today. Boss needs me at 2 o'clock.  I told him whoever cleaned those grease traps didn't do it right. I'm not working in a kitchen if the drains are gonna close up,” Adam's voice oozed with self importance. Without removing his gaze from Kris, he sat on her bunk. Kris felt a pang of anger grip her. He smelled bad. And leaving his mark with foul odor on her bed was the last straw. 
“I really wish you'd leave. Now.” She dropped an armful of the deterrent bottles into a round metal trash can. Tightly closing her eyes, she desperately tried to remember where she left her cell phone. 
“I love it when you don't wear underwear,” Adam's voice sank into familiar offensive territory. Kris stopped moving and stood still. This was the very last thing she wanted to hear, yet it was to be grossly expected of Adam. 
Kris did not take the bait, ignoring his comment. She was wearing tight fitting black leggings, and the sweater did not cover her backside far enough. Adam was surely boring his beady eyes at her rear end. An awkward moment passed. Kris couldn't think of how to get him out. She knew where it was all going. Blankly staring down at the desk, she searched her mind for some terrible comment to spew out that would persuade him to leave. 
“Raina is expecting me. Stop wasting my time and go find  something to do.”  With her hands defiantly on her hips she shot him a look of disgust. Instead of heeding her request, Adam pushed off his pack and leaned back into her pillows, placing his hands behind his head.  Angry sensations of heat shot up Kris's neck.
“Right. Tell me another one. Raina never rises before noon. She was throwing back Tequila with several idiots last night.  Fucking pricks kept me awake.” 
“Why didn't you go join them?” Kris was almost sorry she had chosen not to join up with everyone last night.
“Liebling, you know me. I can't stand idiots.” His face contorted into a smirk.
“Don't call me that.” 
Adam suddenly hauled himself off the bed. Kris swung away from the foreboding advance. Adam was not deterred.  Without hesitation, his hands found her waist and hastily pushed aside the fabric of her thin sweater and cotton undershirt.  Kris felt his disgusting touch on her shivering skin. She twisted around to thwart the invasion, but it was too late. Adam was taller and much stronger.  Like a snake, he coiled his arms around Kris, drawing her up firmly against him. 
“Get off!” Writhing  in attempt to break free, Kris only succeeded in turning him on. Traces of pungent cigarette odor burned her nose. Vulgar sweetness from Adam's alcohol consumption was heavily laced his breath. Instead of releasing his arms from her, he pushed forward so that they were both pressed together against the desk. Kris protested the physical restraint. 
“Adam, no,” she stressed, “get the fuck off!” 
“Look at me.” Adam coaxed, his voice heavy with lust. 
“Stop it. What makes you think you can do this?” Defiant, she met his face with fiery eyes. Again, she wriggled to get free. 
“Why don't you scream then? Scream for me baby. You always do. I want to hear you scream and moan.” Adam thrust his groin into her.
Quickly Kris rose her hand,  attempting to slap him, but Adam was quicker, grasping her wrist before the assault. 
“Adam. Adam.  I'm not interested. Not anymore.” 
He loved it when she fought him. The thrill of the chase. The  challenge of breaking down her resistance. Her submission and giving into his wants. All of it excited him. Her games turned him on in the past, as well as now.  
Kris was seething with disgust. If she screamed, the entire camp would hear and she did not want the embarrassing position of making excuses. Moreover, Adam would lie through his yellow teeth, spinning the situation into something it was not. Kris assumed she wasn't in any real danger from Adam, but that this was all her fault in some way. But his stubborn ways would not let her break free. He would persist until she gave in.
“If you don't get the fuck off me I'm going to have you fired.” Kris gritted her teeth. Perhaps a direct threat would work. Adam held tight onto her wrist, digging his fingers into her palm. 
“It's been such a long time. Don't you want me inside you?” The words dripping off his tongue, ignoring her plea. 
“That's it. I'll have your ass arrested. I'm going straight to Dale and tell him you are a demented freak.” 
“You do that,” he called her bluff.  Kris opened her hand, and Adam forced it down against his crotch quickly. 
Kris was no match against his physical strength, she knew to get him to stop this sick behavior, she had to outsmart him with wits. 
“I remember the last time you licked my dick.” Adam was having a heated time, savoring every minute of his dominance over her.
“I should of bitten it off. No – I should of taken your knife and cut it off completely.” She writhed to get her other hand free, but he had it pinned with his arm. His  sex organ was very erect. Adam was deliriously thrilled with the position he held over her. 
Waves of nausea gripped Kris. He'd never gone as far as to have sex forcibly with her. Although the thought of it had always remained in the back of her mind. He was angry and desperate now. 
“Remember the time in my van. We were fucking in the back seat. Outside it was raining so hard.” Adam continued, lost in some dark memory. Kris had worked long and hard to forget such ridiculous adventures with him. 
Adam pressed himself harder into her hand, now squarely backed into the low section of her belly. She couldn't speak. Rancid fluid was making it way up her throat.
Adam made small grunting noises, perhaps revisiting  impassioned memories stuck in his head. He was unable to let go of the past. Conversely, Kris was eager to forget all of it.  The volatile mix needed to stop. Her confusion was an excuse now. She had to find a way to end this onslaught of sickening behavior from Adam. 
Without warning, knocking on the door interrupted the tense situation. Adam jerked, returning quickly from his fantasy land and assault on Kris. Physically ill, Kris took advantage of his distraction and shoved hard. He did not move much, but it was enough for her to slip away.  
More knocking at the door sounded. 
Kris's stomach was lurching viciously. Intense pain brought her down to the dusty floor boards. Thrusting her head over a small waste basket, she wretched violently. 
Adam's jaw dropped, shocked at the unexpected response from Kris. His distorted thinking told him she was sick due to some other reason. That was why she had not responded to his passionate advances. Food poisoning was likely. Or had she taken medication that morning?
“Kris!” It was Raina. Her knocking grew harder, “Kris! What's wrong? Are you okay?” 
Kris vomited again, then shakily sat back on her heels, breathing heavily. She covered her mouth with the sleeve of her jacket. Adam bent down to help, yet Kris swung out at him with her free arm. 
“What's going on in there?”
This was the last thing Kris wanted, Raina's shrieking waking the entire camp. Wobbly, Kris rose to her feet. Pale and weakened, her eyes leveled an evil message to Adam. Adam stood dumbstruck in the middle of the room. Kris  shakily opened the door. 
“Adam? What are you doing here?” Raina's face was wrought with concern. She eyed Adam, then Kris on the floor, and knew what had taken place. Kris straightened, but her stomach ached terribly. 
“He was just leaving.” Kris frowned at Adam. 
Adam grabbed his pack gingerly and shrugged arrogantly. 
“What's up Raina? Hangover gone already?” He moved past and out the door. 
“Shut it,” Kris commanded in a debilitated tone.

~ ~ ~

Raina strode around the small cabin holding a cup of coffee. Long irregular white ribbons of steam drifted slowly upward. 
“Kris. Buy a gun. Kill the damn bastard. I'll help you. We can shove him off the crevasse above Willow Camp. I can't believe he still does this to you. Why don't you do something, get him fired or arrested.” Raina paced around the cabin.
“I'm not buying a stupid gun. And if I retaliate against him, he will think he's smarter than me, and retaliate back. He can lie and tell them all sorts of things, getting me fired.” Kris lay on her side, motionless on her bunk. With her eyes closed, she was concentrating less on Raina and more on feeling normal again. It was 7:30. One hour, or so, before Ranger would show up for the hike. 
“You can't just sit around and do nothing,” Raina lowered her voice, and took a gulp of her latte. 
“I am hoping at some point reality will sink in with him. It has to.” 
Raina scoffed hard gazing out the window, “No it won't. Kris, he's obsessed. Or sick. What the hell was he wearing? It's like he was going out to stalk a moose or something.” 
“He gets a high from dressing that way.”
“He is high if he thinks people aren't talking about what a weird redneck he is.” 
“Raina, just let me deal with him. Don't do anything, okay?” Kris knew when Raina got upset enough she came up with deviant ideas about punishing certain people.
“Kris, maybe you don't know him as well as you think you do.” Raina sat on the edge of the bed. “I'm not trying to scare you. But, he's not normal. And most people around here, know that.” 
“I know. Believe me, you don't have to tell me that.” Kris sat up, wrapping her arms tightly  around her legs.  “I always knew he was a bit off. But now that we're clearly broken up, he doesn't get it. He still thinks I'm going to give in and either sleep with him or get back together.”
“You know I have your back, right? I mean if you need my help, at all -”
“I know. Okay, okay, I know that, Raina.” Kris wanted to put this conversation to rest.
“So. What's happening today? Jake is supposed to have a party later.” Raina stood up and  spilling some coffee onto the floor. “I heard Terri is bringing Tarot cards. But what does that whore know? Nothing, that's what. By the way, have you seen some of the newbies? Some very cute ass. This is going to be an interesting summer, that's for darn sure,” Raina spoke fast, hardly thinking as words came shooting out of her mouth.  
“Do I have to give you my speech now, about being safe?” Fingering the elastic band holding her long ponytail, she gently pulled, freeing the flaxen locks. “Has your mother given you the talk yet, Miss Raina?”
“She gave it to me when I was in Kindergarten. And no speeches from you. I just get depressed.” Raina opened the door.
Kris coughed. She   crossed over to a big trunk and heaved it open. For a few moments she dug deeply into  the contents which were mostly bunched up clothes. Towards the bottom the garments were neatly positioned. Stuff she never wore unless it was a special occasion. There hadn't been a special occasion in many moons. And even today's impending hike really didn't qualify as special. Maybe putting on some decent attire  would help her feel better, physically and mentally. Stuff that didn't reek of campfire smoke, kitchen grease and mosquito repellent. 
“What are you looking in there for?” Raina knew Kris hardly bothered to open her trunk. It was just used for storage during the season.
“I, I – thought I lost something,” Kris lied.
“And you hid it in there?” 
“Okay, enough of your snooping. I'm going on a hike today.” 
“Not by yourself I hope. Go ask Randy. He's awfully lonely lately. I think he might be gay.”  Randy was the only other human in the park that Kris would occasionally hike with. 
“So what if he is?” 
“I'm not saying it's bad. He just needs to get laid.”
“And how is hiking with him going to help with that? Raina your logic is crazy backwards.”
“I'm saying you can alleviate his loneliness at least.”
“Raina, honestly.” Kris had enough.
“Well, okay. Come to the party later though, all right? I'm bringing a huge thing of whipped cream Vodka. I can't get enough hard booze lately.” 
“You need to slow down on that stuff.”  Raina could use a dry spell.
“What are you, my mother? Oh, wait, no, my mother would have me chained to the door of a church, so never mind.” Raina moved further out the open doorway.
“Have fun. Tell Randy to come to the party. He needs to get his joint worked on.” 
Kris frowned harshly, “Stop being so mean.”
“I'm not mean. I'm just stating the obvious.” 
Thinking for a moment it was best not to keep Raina in the dark. It would get around camp that Kris was going hiking with the new hot Ranger at some point. 
“I'm not hiking with Randy.” Kris fidgeted with a buckle on the trunk.
Raina cocked her head in confusion. 
“So? You shouldn't go alone though. Take your baseball bat or something.” 
“I know. I'm going with the ranger.” 
“Holy damn! And you weren't going to tell me. Kris -”
“I know. But I'm telling you now.”
Raina smiled. Then came the ear piercing screech that only Raina was known for. A banshee in the night could never produce such a shrill, brain deafening noise. If anyone in the camp remained asleep until that point, they were now wide awake for sure.

Chapter Seven

Seeing the Ranger in plain clothes instead of his green and tan uniform humanized Mr. Ranger a bit more. Kris wondered if he would bring his weapon on the hike. He carried a small red and black backpack, with a water bottle in the mesh holder. He wore faded blue jeans with a thick nylon belt that had a large metal loop buckle.  His shirt was a plain dark navy tee. Kris couldn't figure out if he hiked very often. Yet his swift pace and solid gait were strong and effortless.  His heavy leather boots ascended rocks and boulders like they were mere pebbles.
Kris made little conversation. Instead she tried to hide how out of breath she was due to losing the contents of her stomach earlier and being over worked from the past week.  Normally Kris jogged or ran along the valley trails for a distance of 30 or so miles per week. She had neglected regular exercise for quite some time now. 
They hiked for over an hour before stopping at a granite outcropping. A space that jutted out from the heavy cover of the conifer forest. 
“Seems as though the weather is on our side today,” Michael said.
“It sure does,”  Kris tried to catch her breath.
“If you need, I can slow down,” Michael observed Kris. Her attempt at hiding fatigue was not working.
“Well don't do that on my account. Just not at my best today.”
“We can stay here for awhile,” Michael said.
“No, no. My morning sucked. I'll be fine.” Kris realized she was fooling nobody.
“As you wish.” 
They turned back onto the trail. One half mile more and the narrow pathway joined with the heavier traveled route up to Takor Pass and the granite shelf of the high country. It was a steep and rocky trail, rising significantly above the tree line. Kris attempted it many times, usually in the fall after crowds dwindled. 
Michael slowed his pace. He was acutely aware something was wrong with Kris that morning, but he decided not to pry. 
Kris was secretly grateful Ranger slowed some. The elevation was rising with every step. Takor Pass reached 8300 feet, and was the turn around point for many souls. The granite shelf and entrance to high country sat at more than 10,000 feet. It was still a few miles off from their point on the trail.
Attempting to prove she wasn't totally washed out and exempt from politeness, Kris searched her mind for conversational tidbits. 
Michael revealed very little during exchanges with Kris along the hike. His past was vague and  his former life, mainly a mystery. Kris decided to respect his reluctance in opening up. Very curious, but she was not the type to pry and pursue details about somebody. Although, if she had uncovered, more information in the beginning about Adam, the path of a destructive relationship could have been avoided.  
 Watching Michael effortlessly hike, was quite sexy.  His uniform hid muscular features and assets that she was noticing now. 
Kris needed to distract herself from drooling over this gorgeous man. She recalled the latest  gossip regarding Beth and her non stop drive to find men to manipulate. Rumor had it Beth was quite a sex addict. True or not, she used sex in exchange for getting what she wanted.  Kris couldn't imagine what she wanted from any man at White Rock. 
Michael seemed to have a  fiery connection to Beth. She was his boss after all.  Michael didn't seem the type to be manipulated, let alone controlled by a woman. And if Beth were actually attractive, Kris could assume he would look in Ms. Taylor's direction. Oh some thought Beth was a hot lady. Huge boobs, salon quality hair style, her eyes so done up with makeup she resembled a movie star. Many men were initially attracted to such a facade. Once the real personalities emerged, a long term relationship was doomed. Arguably these days a lot of men and women were only looking for a short term roll in the hay. All of it confused Kris on a regular basis.
 Beth's presence was never found amidst the spectacular natural wonders of the park. It was uncanny that she found herself squarely in front of the local media so often.  
“So, you transferred from Ametter, right?”  Looking to distract herself from crazy thinking, Kris brought up the  spectacular national park to the south.
Michael  half smiled, amused, “Yes.” 
Kris licked her dry lips, “I've been there once. A little different than White Rock. Which area did you work?” 
“I was a back country ranger for five years. Mainly on the eastern side.” 
“Below the Barrel Tooth Easement?” Kris tried to recall specific areas of Ametter and the remote, tough terrain.
“Yes, that's correct. You're familiar with it?” 
“Only a little. I backpacked the James St. Claire trail many years ago.” 
“Which section?” Michael glanced down at Kris. 
“Ruby Aisle trail head to, uh, a lake I can't remember the name of.” 
“Devil's Horn.” 
“Yes, that's it. Devil's Horn Lake. Beautiful. The granite is so polished and surreal there. And the water so clear.”  
“It gets it's name from the emerald color, and the odd shape.”
“Oh, that's right.” Kris remembered some story about why that particular lake was different than all the rest along the St. Claire trail. Something about the lure to the still water, and people entering it and dying from rapid hypothermia.
“You went no further than the lake?”
“No. My partner became ill. Altitude sickness.” Getting to the lake several summers ago  proved a test of patience and resolve. She felt uncomfortable offering the details of her trip with Adam, to Ranger. Too soon. It was Adam who convinced her of the James St. Claire trail. It was his bloated ego that fueled the jaunt. Adam placed both of them in jeopardy, largely by filling his gullet with whiskey each evening. During the day, tackling the trail was precarious. Adam was dehydrated and making illogical decisions about routes and how many miles to traverse. 
“Sorry to hear that,” Michael responded with such a smoky undertone that the small hairs on Kris's arm stood up and she was overcome with goosebumps.
“You must have dealt with a lot of high altitude sickness and hikers up there.” Kris swallowed but the lump in her throat remained.
“My patrol area was very remote compared with busier sections. Yes, lots of search and rescue operations. But trail maintenance, and checking outposts took a lot of my time as well.” 
“I remember some of those little stone huts.” Kris pulled  her clear plastic water bottle off the side of her pack and took a quick drink. The chalky roughness in the back of her throat failed to ease.
Soon they reached the hook in the Takor Pass trail. Several worn out individuals passed by, barely giving attention to the Ranger and Kris. Without words they turned southeast, entering the wider dirt path leading to the high country. 
“You know, you scared the living crap out of us the other night.” Kris became more relaxed as they hiked on. A few meters off the main trail now, they took a break to enjoy the spectacular view of White Rock valley. 
Michael finished taking a long slow drink of his water and recapped the lid. 
“Did I?” 
Kris smiled brightly. Surely he knew what a stuffy briefing he gave during the meeting? Although, Kris did not know him well enough yet. Perhaps he was all business with the uniform on. 
“I mean to say, it worked. To some degree.” 
“I was brought in, after the season started, as I'm sure you are aware.” 
Kris blinked and tried to follow his meaning, “Yes, I knew that.” 
“I'm not used to addressing civilians.”
“Oh?” He's ex-military then, Kris thought. “Well you did fine. Can't win with our crowd.”
“A motley bunch, for sure.” He stared off at the horizon.
“Were you in the armed services?” Kris asked.
“Once upon a time.”
“I guess it's a good background to have in this line of work?” Kris tried again to get him to elaborate.
“Some aspects.”
“Well, let me give you a head's up. This place is gossip and rumor crazy. It's hard to say how things get started about people. Especially new people.”
“Like me.”
“Yeah. Like you. But you're not all that special. Or, well, I mean, doesn't matter who it is, it's like a right of passage to experience the garbage everyone comes up with.”
“So what's being said about me?” Michael looked over at her.
“Oh, I didn't mean -” Kris walked head on into that one. No way was she about to explain the weird rumors being spread about him. “My best friend, Raina, she's more in the middle of these things.  I usually stay pretty removed. All I know is you worked in another park.” Kris sheepishly smiled, hoping he'd by that explanation.  She was a bit nervous. She did not wanting to piss him off, or portray herself in a bad way. 
“Don't worry.” Michael took a step closer and put his hand on her shoulder briefly.
Intelligent conversation escaped her. Kris fought off the  inclination to apologize for acting weird and insecure.
 She wished at that moment her social skills were a bit more honed or at least floating above the level of a woodland mouse. 
His strong touch was intoxicating. Whatever they had been discussing, was quickly forgotten about. 
A noisy conglomeration of hikers came upon the trail,   oblivious to the spectacular views and scenery.  Michael remained silent yet keenly alert as they passed. 
He was used to the vast solitude of the James St. Claire trail. This  little jaunt was not unlike a  freeway at rush hour.  However, it was pretty.  Perhaps it would be even more visually grand if  not for the haze that hung over the valley and the loud tourists. His arrival several weeks ago was quite shocking. Screaming kids, car engines, traffic and a general hum greeted him, tainting his first impression of White Rock. 
Watching Kris from the corner of his eye, Michael figured the annoyance of trail traffic, noise and pollution hardly mattered. Spending time with her brought about fresh feelings he'd not experienced in a great deal of years. This wasn't about a quick hook up or a torrid affair with a loose female.  
This introverted blond lass wasn't going to drop her guard too easily, and because of it, Michael respected the situation. He wasn't in a hurry to engage in emotional dealings, especially with women.  Kris wasn't naïve he  suspected. But she had a purity and innocence that was  driving his cautionary behavior. Michael realized his potential involvement with her needed handling with kid gloves due to the collateral damage of his past. The only question remained was whether he should be the one to make the decision on infecting this fair creature, or give her the option to bow out.
Kris sat on the edge of a small boulder. Fifteen feet further and the cliff dropped steeply into a sharp canyon littered with felled trees resembling toothpicks. Michael sensed she needed a moment to rest, and she made no attempt to rise and continue on the trail. He casually strolled further up, following the trail direction but remaining in tree cover. Not letting Kris out of his sight, he reached and shifted his pack. The cool of the forest was dissipating fast. Midday sun was bearing down. 
She was consuming, he thought. Lissome, pliant physique. A body gained from some  endeavor. Her long,   iridescent blond hair begged to be set free, sadly she kept it partially swept up. Unruly strands played hide and seek with her eyes.  At times her disheveled presentation seemed to indicate an unbridled spirit. Was it an attempted reign of control but lapse of willingness to hold on to it?
Michael was intoxicated with distraction. Even a mere glance was likened to being drawn into a far away land. Her bold blue eyes forbade him like windows of a haunted house. He desired to draw near, to know what lurked in the unknown.  Careful, he thought sternly. Perhaps primeval forces of lust were the drive behind this fascination.   
Directing his misguided thoughts back to the hike, Michael noticed her patiently waiting on the  trail. She was obviously ready to continue. 

~ ~ ~ 

One after another the miles ticked away. Kristjana and Ranger barely uttered a word. Crackling of loose rock and granite resonated with each step.  
An ugly painfulness persistently crept to the forefront of her mind. The sharp, residual memories of hiking this pass with Adam flashed before her. Kris wrestled with the betrayal of being with one man and yet thinking of another. One of the few honest connections she and Adam shared was the love of hiking and exploring in the wilderness. 
Takor Pass trail greeted Kris like an old friend now. Perhaps an old, suspicious friend, however. The landmarks, rock and sparse trees were spying, scrutinizing her new accompaniment.  
The requirement to produce small talk did not plague her as badly now. She decided if Ranger wasn't a conversationalist, then perhaps he was boring and had nothing to say. Coming from spectacular Ametter, this place probably resembled the ghetto to him.   
They kept an even pace, Michael allowing her to take the lead through narrow switch backs. 
Kris's mind continued to wander. Adam was a talker. Talk, talk, talk. Boasting about all his exclusive knowledge, expertise, abilities. It had become so intrusive to Kris that she found herself screaming at him to shut the fuck up on a regular basis. A large crack in her usual quiet behavior demonstrated the severity of problems and ultimately led to the break up months ago.  Six months gone by.  Adam wasn't giving up on the hope they'd be back together as a couple some day.  Kris was aware, he'd been messing around with other females.  Rumors pass quickly in a small community, and she'd received an ear full of his sexual promiscuity. Sex was highly important to him. His only way of mistakenly believing he had achieved the ultimate bond with a female. 
The sun reached the high point in the sky casting an intense glare off the granite rock.
“What elevation do you think this is?” Kris spoke out as they rounded another sharp bend in the steep trail.
Michael pushed up a sleeve on his arm, revealing a thick watch. He inspected it closely for a moment.
“I'm reading nine thousand fourteen.” 
“Wow. It creeps up fast.” Kris put her hand on her hip.
“Why don't we go up there. Have something to eat and take a break?” Michael motioned slightly above the trail, toward some wind stricken trees and large sparkling  granite. 
“Sounds fine.” Kris wasn't about to complain. She was also secretly glad he suggested the rest, instead of her. 
“This is probably like being at sea level for you.” Kris thought although the altitude was high to her, it was probably not a big deal for him. She sat down against a huge granite boulder. It provided a bit of shade on one side, but the glaring sun off the glacial rocks was intense.  She quietly gasped deeply for air.
Ranger settled down right near her, gazing out into the rock bound valley.  Running his fingers through the front of his dark hair, he settled back against the rock.
“Nine thousand feet and change, is nothing to sneeze at.” Michael into his backpack for some food. “Definitively less oxygen to deal with.”
“The valley floor is only four thousand feet. A lot people can't even handle that.”
“That's very true. This park has a very competent nurse, however. A better medical facility is lacking unfortunately.”
“Oh you met Laura?”
“Yes. The other day.”
“She's real nice. But you're right. The little clinic or urgent care is kind of a joke. But they treat people with altitude sickness all the time. People that never leave the valley floor, I should add.”
“Right.” Michael gazed over at her, a bit vexed with growing attraction. Kris smiled, unsuspecting of his inner thoughts.  
Commonly, visitors not acclimatized to the  elevation of the valley floor and experienced disgruntled digestive systems, head aches and loss of appetite.  Various over the counter medications and aliments were available at the  main store in  White Rock. Nurse Laura saw quite a few   suffering visitors that were desperate for relief. Most often she sent them back to camp, urging them to drink more water.
Kris drank a slow pour of her own water, squinting in the piercing sunlight.
Michael watched her tip the bright blue bottle up to her lips. Trickles of water escaped her mouth and cascaded down the sides of her chin, dripping off onto her thin purple blouse. Oh for heaven's sake, Michael thought. He couldn't help gawk at her secretly, his eyes hidden behind the dark lenses of his sunglasses. A simple act of consuming water and suddenly a seductive switch flicked on in his concupiscent mind. Her shirt appeared to be thin, but even so, the water failed to permeate the fabric and   dripped onto the dirt.  
The intense warmth of the white granite created a discomfort. While Michael was accustomed to hiking with a shirt off, he decided it was not appropriate right then. He very much needed to stop thinking of clothing all together at that very minute. Ripping off attire was just feeding other salacious thoughts. 
Tearing his gaze from Kris, he took a large bite of an energy bar. Hardly chewing, he swallowed the tasteless protein.
“Pretty up here,” Michael broke the silence.
Kris brought her hand up to her lips to wipe away the water.  Uh oh. Now they were reduced to finding polite things to talk about. 
“I haven't been here in awhile. It can be a popular trail on a day like this. Nothing like the St. Claire though.”  
Michael let her statement roll around in his mind for a  few moments before responding.  
“It's nice that you can come hike this whenever you feel like it. The James St. Claire is hard to reach, with only a few access points. Not a day hike or a spur of the moment trip.” Pristine beauty was one thing.  Loneliness and an almost complete lack of human contact was not always an easy thing to deal with on the remote St. Claire trail.  
“Lame of me to compare both trails.” 
“It's okay, I know what you mean.” Finishing his snack, Michael carefully twisted up the wrapper and stuffed it into his pack. He took a long drink of water. 
“Would you go back?” Kris asked.
“Would I go back? To working the trail?” 
“Yes.” Kris was trying to get a better idea of why he left, and now was in a position of interacting with the public on a daily basis.
“I would go back for pleasure, but not to work the back country.”
“What made you chose this crazy place?”
“White Rock is a unique place. I was happy when they asked for my transference here.”  Michael refrained from further elaboration. 
Kris pulled her legs up close to her body and wrapped her arms around her knees. She wanted to close her eyes for a moment. Half of her hair found its way free from the constraints she enacted earlier. The breeze played with her free locks, and she made no attempt to fool around with beautifying herself.
“You were saying something before, about your background?” Kris said.
A slow introspective smile spread across Michael's face. His eyes were fixated on some rocks.  When and how much  personal information to divulge was a balancing act. Surely wild rumors were viciously circling the camp at this point. Kris could either hear the true story from him   now, or he could mop up the mess later.  
Old piercing details of his former life surged and he instinctively fought back mentally. The past was never just the past. Some parts of it resurface no matter what. 
Kris glanced at him, patiently waiting.  Why were men so mysterious? They placed too much emphasis on things that were really trivial. Perhaps it was an ego thing. Or primal thing.  Kris breathed in the sweet scent of pine trees, enjoying a playful breeze swirling in and out of  the large rocks.
“As you  mentioned before, the rumors will come out, if they haven't already.” 
“Rumors are unkind. I was just curious, that's all.” Kris  decided she was pushing it.
“I'd be very surprised if you haven't heard at least one negative thing about me so far.” 
“I never put much weight behind what I hear at this place.” Kris thought back to the campfire meeting. 
Michael bore a glance in her direction and then focused into the distance, as if scanning for something in particular.
“I seem to attract some attention for the wrong reasons.” He knew he sounded like a confusing idiot. 
“Because you're good looking?” Kris felt the words leave her mouth before she thought too hard, “I mean -” 
Michael smiled to himself
“Dare I suggest as well that your beauty attracts attention that isn't always warranted?” 
Kris was highly perplexed. Was that just a compliment or something else? She sat patiently, wondering if going on this hike with him was a mistake. 
“I'm a former U.S. Navy Seal,” he said. It was now or  never. Otherwise she could be festering with certain nasty rumors that he was a former mercenary or hit man.
 “Oh. Well. So I guess that makes sense.”  Kris wanted to slap herself for such a bumbling response. She was well aware of ex-military joining the park service. Not a shocker.  But this detail about Michael did explain his disciplined actions and behaviors. 
“You'll hear some other things about me for sure.” 
Kris swallowed and then the idea popped into her head. “What did you do in the service?” Obviously there was something that connected in his background to being head of security and ranger at a national park. 
“I was trained and then specialized in certain unit.”  The unsettling raw familiarity crept back.  
Kris took note of the slight change in his  demeanor. 
“Sorry, you don't have to tell me.”
“I think it's better you have some understanding.”
“Okay.” Why should she have some understanding?
“Unconventional warfare operations,” he said refraining from eye contact. Kris was unsure what this meant. Typical guy she thought. Making a big deal out of nothing.
“So, you have some kind of training that's helpful to us?”  Kris tried to draw the reference to the park. 
“Perhaps,” his voice dropped, “there's just a component that I'm not too proud of.”
Kris frowned for a moment and then took a guess.
“Discharged?”
“Well no, I essentially retired.”
“Essentially?” Kris asked.
“I suppose there are certain unspoken things in the military.”
“You hurt someone?”
“Let's just say I'm trained in certain tactics that can achieve a desired outcome, especially in a difficult situation.”
“You didn't answer my question.” 
“You already know the answer.” Michael's eyes dug deep into Kris's. She was a bit taken aback. 
“I'm not trying to scare you,” he said, “I think my motive in bringing this up is to warn you.”  
Before, it was rumor control, but now it was a warning? She didn't know what to say. 
Michael tried to lesson the severity of his tone.
“I'm not so self inflated as to describe myself in a way that puts me on a level above regular people.”
“Now you're sounding like my ex,” Kris snorted. 
“Do I? Perhaps we should meet.”
“Oh you'll meet him.”
Kris dug the toe of her shoe into the dirt. Maybe he had some post traumatic stressed disorder, causing a failure in the ability to hold a regular conversation. This was odd. A different oddity than Adam, but bizarre nonetheless.
“I'm sure a lot of false information will come out about me. A lot of stuff that may get confusing. I'm sorry to alarm you.” The edginess of his voice let go and Michael touched the top of her knee with his index finger. 
“I appreciate that,” Kris exhaled unevenly. His touch sparked a thread of electricity.  Her throat had run dry.
“I want to get to know you,” he said.
Kris found her brain somewhere else, rapidly descending into a chasm where the English language didn't exist. She managed a polite smile in his direction.
If it weren't for a persistent breeze, she was positive her entire body would have been engulfed in flames.  Pressing her back into the granite rock, she grappled with  insecurity akin to a nervous school girl. 
Michael decided to stand and stretch.
“Think we ought to start back?” It was more of a statement than a question, but he was enjoying how Kris attempted to hide her unsteadiness.
“I suppose so.” A little overcome with nervous jitters, she began brushing off bits of dirt and scree stuck her to pants. Her heart pulsated in irregular beats. She need not glance up in his direction to know he watched, and watched closely.
Michael grappled in the fluctuation of his thoughts.    Averting his attention he scanned the network of trails below.  More locks of Nordic blond hair fell into her face as a breeze picked up.  The bright sunlight reflected off her iridescent hair in striking fashion.  Before her nervous fidgeting could come to completion, he approached. Standing quite tall over her, his voice resonated deeply, hauntingly. Kris halted her nervous behavior and straightened. 
“May I?” he gazed down at her, offering a hand in effort to lead her off the rocks and onto the trail. 
Kris cleared her throat, not saying yes but not denying his help either. Being so close to him magnified the strength and form of his rock solid body. Intimidated, Kris wasn't sure what to do.  
“Everything all right?” Michael asked.
She fought for something witty and smart to say. Instead, her mind was irritatingly blank. 
Michael was no stranger to recognizing a flight  response and Kris was a classic example at that moment. Placing his fingertips on the upper side of her arm, he slowly ran his fingers over her skin and down her forearm until grasping her hand.
Before Kris could resist, he leaned down slightly, and softly placed his lips to hers. Kris could hardly breathe and felt her heart stop altogether. Intertwining his fingers into hers, his mouth was respectfully gentle in the caress. His warm breath softly brushed over her face. 
His overpowering presence and male aroma brought goosebumps upon her arms. It was not enough to sample a single breath of his scent. Kris grew more and more addicted. Rich, woodsy smoke danced before her thoughts. Deep musky undertones hid beneath the surface of this mysterious man.
Absorbing her apprehension, Michael placed his other hand along her jawline. He slid his fingers behind her ear, into her hair. Furthering his touch, his hand came around the nape of her neck, slightly drawing her into him. 
Kris instantly awoke to inflamed sensations throughout her body. His touch melted off her anxious thoughts about what was happening. She opened her mouth, kissing him harder.
Tasting her. Feeling her. It all tormented him. Michael hit an imaginary wall, not knowing whether to cross the boundary of restraint or obey curiosity. She did not merely accept his mouth, but furthered the intensity of kiss. The way she moved her lips against his, toying delicately with his tongue, seamlessly mating her mouth to his. Waves of energy poured through him. His midsection was on fire.  He teetered on the edge of indecision. Michael greatly craved to deepen the kiss, to pull their bodies tightly close, letting her feel his searing heat and engorging situation. Though, it was too much, too early for such things. He resisted the ravenous inclination to seduce her. She needn't be apprised of his voracious hunger yet.
Retracting from her proved harder than he imagined. But he managed. His fingers traced the side of her face until touching the side of her wet mouth. Letting his eyes graze over her impassioned expression filled him with the urge to take her once more.  As she unsteadily withdrew, and licked her lips as if to encompass the taste of him, Michael surged with anticipation. Delightfully, she was not the innocent little creature he assessed her to be.
Michael ached to kiss Kris again and again.  However, now was not the time.  It was unlike him to be wrestling with self control. Training dictated self restraint, retention of desire. It had been a long time since someone struck a match and lighted this fire within him. He needed to find out where this interlude with this girl was headed.
Many times he observed Kris from  a distance at  camp. Her interactions with some sub-creature named Adam were odd, peculiar to figure out. At one point Michael was sure that this abrasive male and Kris were romantically involved. Now he was fairly sure this degenerate was the ex-boyfriend Kris had referred to. This Adam character lacked respect for women, that was dangerously clear. But Michael lost some objectivity with Kris. Thoughts of her were persistent, even amongst all the crappy bull shit that headquarters saddled him with.
“I thought we were going?” Kris asked.
Michael leaned down again and placed his lips to the side of her mouth, kissing her gently, drawing in her sweet smell. 
Kris relished the smoothness of his skin and prayed for a kiss full on the mouth one more time. But it did not happen. 
“Why don't you get going? I'll catch up,” excusing himself, he swiftly picked up his pack. Michael needed a moment of composure alone. Quite the opposite of shy, yet not wanting to be shocking or rude in Kris's presence, Michael deemed it best to let things cool off for a few moments. 
“Oh, sure,” Kris smiled, reverting to her usual introverted self.  
Michael watched Kris walk lower and lower to  the trail until disappearing. 
Kris's mind was in a ferocious storm.  She couldn't sort out what had just taken place. Instead of enjoying the unexpected kiss, her insecurity rose up and put conflicting ideas in her mind.  On one had, he had kissed her. Passionately. And his kiss was amazing. On the other hand, why did it stop so abruptly? He was quick to end the contact.

Chapter Eight

When Michael finally caught up with Kris, she was oddly silent and void of nonsensical conversation. Both were fatigued from the hike and silently trying to assess each other's reaction from the kiss earlier in the day.  Kris was convinced that she did not meet his expectations. Now the awkward phase would commence.  
It was seven in the evening by the time they reached camp. Michael walked Kris to her cabin and she politely thanked him for the hike. The departure was dry and abrupt.
Earlier, before reaching the valley, Michael brought out the portable two way radio that practically never left his side.  Checking in with headquarters he quickly learned there had been another attack. It was his day off but technically he was on-call 24 hours per day, 7 days a week. 
Kris promised him she would be careful, and perhaps they would meet up later, the two parted ways.  
Kris was in a hurry, gathering a change of clothes and toiletries for the shower. Determined to get a good stall before the evening shift got off, she quickly locked up her cabin and started down the path to the stone shower hut.
Barely a glimmer of sunlight was left. A few workers were relaxing on the cabin porches, having drinks, laughing and enjoying the evening. Kris waved to a few, but  kept a swift pace. Avoiding Adam was priority number one. He was a snake that kept turning up when least expected. 
The evening was warm and surreal.  The damp, dreary spring was giving way to a real summer at last. The air was stagnant. Smoke from campfires and cook-outs drifted through the valley and thick pockets of trees. 
A few passing co-workers commented on the new attack. Nobody knew actual details, only fragmented bits of information. 
Kris couldn't distract her heightened state of awareness. With more than a day's worth of adrenaline almost gone, and new worries that the attacker was still on the loose, reality quickly sunk in. She decided that after the shower she would return to the cabin and look hard to find some sort of weapon. A mangy baseball bat  used to reside under her bed. 
Kris knew little about guns, and although many in camp talked about purchasing a firearm outside the park, it wasn't a priority in her mind. In fact it was downright uncomfortable to think of handling a gun. A popular sports store in Matherville, just outside White Rock, sold a variety of weapons. Kris wondered if she could work up the gumption to arm herself. She liked the idea of bear spray as a self defense tactic, but the large canister was cumbersome to carry.  She hauled around enough junk from work to cabin and back again every day.
Reaching the stone steps of the staff shower building, she greeted by familiar faces. The females were understandably more disturbed than the guys. 
Joseph Donati, who worked in the kitchen at Willow Camp Lodge was yammering on about how he'd blow the son-of-a-bitch to kingdom come. He was sure it wasn't someone from staff committing the attacks, rather a rogue intruder disguised as a tourist.  Jake McAllister and Simon Trader boasted in detail how they would be first in line to take down the perpetrator.
“What's going on Kris?”  Angela Bello sat on a small round stool at the entrance to the showers. She nervously fingered a cigarette in one hand and a small orange lighter in the other.
“Not too much, Angela.”
“I take it you heard? Why can't they catch whoever is doing this?” Angela's voice shook. It was unlike the stout female to unravel or show fear.
Kris wavered on the top step. Tired, she didn't know what to say to soothe the girl.
“They'll catch whoever it is.” Kris thought back earlier to what Michael said, how he had been hired for a reason.
“What did you do today? Anything fun?” Angela was looking up anxiously at Kris.
“Oh, nothing really. Went up Takor.”
“Yeah? Busy?” Angela flicked ashes from her cigarette onto the ground. 
“Lots of people, yeah. Annoying.” Kris brushed her hair back, not sure if word had gotten out  that her hike involved the Ranger. 
“I think Adam was looking for you earlier.”
“Over here?” Kris frowned.
“I think. Hey Jake!” Angela yelled out to the dirty blond male goofing off and holding a beer in one hand.
“Jake!” Angela raised her voice, impatient for him to respond. Jake seemed oblivious to Angela. 
“That's okay, I don't care. I need to get going -” Kris said, motioning toward the door.
“Wait just a darn second. Jake! Hey asshole!” 
“What?!” Finally Jake quite ignoring the call for his attention and strode over to the girls.
“Kris wants to know where Adam is.”
“No, no, I don't. You said he was looking for me. I just, wanted to -” 
“Yeah, he was over here like an hour ago or something. Being weird.” Jake took a sip of his beer offering it to Kris.
“No thanks.”
“Jake you haven't even been here an hour. It's been like ten minutes,” Angela grew cross.
“Bitch, I've been here longer than you.” Jake turned to go back to his other friends.
“Jerk,” Angela hissed and tossed her cigarette to the ground.
“Well, I'm off to shower now. You, guys, uh, have a nice evening, okay?” Kris was quite eager to depart. It was common for Angela and Jake to spar. She harbored a crush for him but he downplayed her feelings which caused a lot of friction.
Angela was no longer listening to Kris and got up, shuffling over to Jake and his friends to further antagonize him. Kris pushed hard on the heavy wooden door and went inside just before the voices grew loud and raucous. 
~ ~ ~
Kris finished combing through her long wet hair. The front door to the shower building started creaking open and slamming shut as more people entered the small building.  Noisy talk of the attack filled the air. Details were emerging, but not enough to piece together what actually happened, or who the victim was. 
“I'll never understand why you keep that mane so darn long,” a familiar voice rang out.
Kris shoved her comb into her little yellow canvas bag and started searching  for a flashlight.
“Hi Terri. What's going on?” Kris spoke with little enthusiasm. 
“Party going on. Tonight. You gonna come?” She crossed her arms and pressed her plump rear end up against the stainless steel sink.
“Probably not,” Kris said.
“Come on girl. You never hang with us anymore.” Terri  waved  to another person just entering the building.
“I was on a long hike today. I just want to go to bed,” Kris said.
A wicked smile erected upon Terri's face. “Yeah. Heard about that.” 
“About my hike?”
“Way I heard it, you weren't alone.” Terri snapped her gum, staring at Kris.
Kris dropped her flashlight.
“So, what's he like?” Terri lowered her voice. Terri was the park's biggest gossip hound. When it came to men in the park, especially new ones, she butted her nose right into everyone's private life. 
“We just hiked. That's it.” The less details, the better.
“Sure you did,” Terri fluffed up her hair, “and this is my natural color.”
“Just leave it alone. Please?” Kris grew irritated.
“Sheesh. I can't have a little fun? Well, okay. I'll drop it for now. But you need a man. In more ways than one.”
“Whatever,” Kris's voice was barely audible.
“Come to the party, though, okay?” Terri drifted off, spotting other people to annoy. “You need a drink.”
Kris smiled politely. Not wanting to repeat her answer of decline, she quickly brushed her teeth. It was time to get the hell out of the shower building. 
The red headed socialite never usually paid much attention to Kris. Terri lived a life of unrestrained activity. She was very proud of her racy tattoos and body piercings. Fond of skin tight clothes, heavy eye make up and strong perfume, Terri never seemed to worry about anything. She was pushing thirty years old and had no college education or career aspirations. Her winters were spent in southern California on the back seat of her boyfriend's motorcycle. Five years Terri's junior, Kris was highly reluctant to respond to a party invitation or strike up meaningless conversation with the fireball.  However, on this night, who in their right mind was going to sleep anyway? Kris realized attending the party wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.

~ ~ ~
Outside, Kris greeted the warm night air cautiously.  She hurriedly made her way down the stone steps and onto the rock path towards the cabins.  Lots of people were out and about. It was going to be a long night.  No Adam in sight, so there was hope.  
Kris approached the roundabout. Thoughts of  Michael cropped up quickly. Unsettled about the situation, she was trying not to think about the kiss, yet it was impossible to forget. 
She approached and slowed her pace. Michael's truck was parked on the edge of the circular drive. Apprehension flooded her. No headlights were on, not even the exterior parking lights. Maybe it really wasn't his truck. It could be someone else's Dodge.
Kris  forced herself to think of getting ready for the party. Assuming the part was at Jake's place, Kris had time to go back to her own cabin first. She needed to find some decent clothes. Something a little less shabby. Raina had borrowed just about every decent piece of attire from Kris. And Raina's definition of borrowing didn't involve returning.
“Must have been a long shower,” a voice sounded in the dark. 
 Kris tripped. She swung around looking for the stalker. Dropping her bag she grasped her flashlight tightly.
“Sorry,” Michael apologized, appearing out of the darkness.
Kris's breathing was shallow but her heart was racing.
Michael instantly felt bad. “I didn't mean to scare you.”
“No problem. You did but that's okay,” Kris lied. She blinked in the darkness and clicked off her light. Her rapidly beating heart was causing an ache in her chest.
Michael gently settled his commanding eyes into her bewildered expression. 
“Walking alone in the dark is a bit ambitious.” 
“Stupid you mean,” Kris coughed. “Shower wasn't long just crowded. Well, I mean, my shower wasn't crowded, but the building was.” 
“Ah. Odd place for everyone to hang out.”
“Yes. Rather annoying.” Kris swallowed hard. “Anyway. Did you find the attacker?”
“Unfortunately, no.” Michael placed his hand on her shoulder, leading her off the trail and into the tree cover. Kris grew increasingly lightheaded. She assumed he didn't want to be seen talking to her.
“You really need to be more careful out here,” he explained in a deepening voice.
Kris felt shivers run up her bare arms.
“Um, because of new attack?” 
“Yes.  I just don't want to see you harmed.”
Kris flushed with warmth. It would seem he was quite concerned for her best interests.
“I won't be.”
“I'm glad you suggested the hike today,” Michael said.
“We should go again sometime.”  Kris either needed to mentally squash a large seed of insecurity or seek therapy immediately. The way he spoke was different than most people. He could be so direct. It was unfamiliar.
Michael grasped her hand unexpectedly and took several more steps away from the trail. Kris had no choice but to follow his lead. 
“I need to get going. I'm on duty tonight.” He stared  down at her.
“Oh, of course. It was nice to see you. I'm on my way to a party anyway.”
 “I just wanted to tell you I enjoyed being with you today. I also needed to clear up something.”
“Sure,” Kris said. He would now tell her what she feared and already imagined. That he had a great time and was no longer interested.
“I didn't want it be be awkward,” Michael said.
Here it comes, Kris thought.
“You are aware of the park rules surrounding workers of hierarchy involving themselves with -”
“A lowly waitress?” Kris interrupted. 
“That's not what I meant.” He grasped the front of his duty belt.
“I know what you mean. And don't worry, I won't be a problem for you.” Kris moved away, but Michael caught her arm.
“Where are you going? Kris, can I say this please?” 
“If you're going to lecture me on the park rules, don't bother. People around here break them all the time so using them as an excuse for why you can't continue to see me is lame.” Kris resisted his grasp.
“Hold on.” He let go, and Kris stumbled back a little. Michael instantly recognized the defensive mechanism. It was a bit premature.  Obviously Kris had been through perhaps similar entanglements and was quick to protect herself.
“My intent was not to put your position and my position in jeopardy,” Michael said.
“Oh, I see. Thanks for thinking of my job. How thoughtful.” 
She was closing off emotionally. Michael  grasped his ranger hat, throwing it to the ground and took a step toward her.
“You misunderstand.” He threaded his fingers around the back of her head into damp hair.
“I'm willing to risk punishment of the harshest kind if it means being near you.” He spoke, his lips almost grazing hers. 
“Then I am totally confused.” Kris responded in a harsh whisper. 
“I'm trying to tell you that if we get involved it could be quite messy. Perhaps the better choice is to avoid me completely.” 
“And why would I want to do that?” Kris said. Defiance crept up. “If this is a choice, don't make it for me. That is unless you are having doubts.”
Michael pressed his lips into hers, moving over her soft flesh and deeply penetrating his tongue into her mouth. The scent of her freshly cleaned skin captivated his senses.   Michael fought the urge to remove what little clothing she had on, running his hands over her naked skin. Forgetting entirely he was on duty and in uniform, he kissed her even harder.
Kris put her hands to his face and then wrapped her arms around his neck, enveloped in his intoxicating embrace. If it weren't for a voice crackling through his radio, both of them would have been oblivious to time and space, giving into ravenous urges.
Michael reached between their bodies pushing the volume on the dial down.
“Aren't you going to answer that?” Kris asked, breathing heavily.
Michael nodded, clearly betwixt by their oral copulation.
“Might we take this up another time?” Michael said.
“Yes.”
“You have a party to attend.”
“Oh yeah.” Kris had forgotten completely.
“At least we got that straightened out.” Michael spoke with an edge of sarcasm. He really didn't want to see Kris get in trouble because of his ferocious curiosity and desire.
“Don't worry about my job. It's a love-hate kind of thing,” Kris said.
Michael assumed they had more in common than he first thought.  
They stepped back onto the trail. Lights glowed in the distance.
“Why do I feel like a high school kid about to get caught for doing something bad?” Kris picked up her canvas bag laying next to a tree.
Michael only smiled and kissed her again. He whispered, “Be careful,” and started toward the roundabout. Kris was inclined to stroll lazily in the afterglow of his powerful embrace, but she pushed herself not to linger. After all, there was a dangerous criminal afoot in White Rock.

Chapter Nine
A Party

Warm air settled over the camp that evening. Kris was having difficulty in choosing appropriate attire for the party. Her real problem was that she didn't want to go at all. It was a certainty that Adam would show up. She didn't want to look like a nun but didn't want to ignite Adam's crude attention either. Taking a big gulp of sugary liquid, she felt her heart race a little. Placing the orange and blue can down on the desk, she held up a pair of low riding jeans and black sweatshirt with silver metallic writing on the back. The jeans had a bit of pine tree sap stuck eternally to the hem of the legs, but otherwise they would do. 
Licking the underside of her upper lip  she tasted fruit flavored lip gloss. Kris was no stranger to cosmetics, however she was more inclined toward the natural approach to beauty. White Rock wasn't the city but it wasn't so far removed from everyday culture that people ran around like backwoods hicks. Also, it wasn't too common to go shopping for things in the nearby towns. The local store in the valley of the park did not carry a wide selection of beautification products either. 
With her freshly washed hair half pulled up  the rest cascaded down past her shoulders.  Kris reached up and yanked the elastic band from her head, freeing her hair. She was no good at styling it. It was it's own entity, her hair. Iridescent white blond was the color she was born with. Teased about being a Norse goddess or Swed, Kris rarely answered to such idiotic references. However, staring at herself squarely in the mirror tonight, her Scandinavian ancestry was unmistakable. Kris began tracing the lower lid of her eye with dark liner. Her large blue eyes hardly needed accentuating against the stark contrast of her blond hair. After a little effort her eyes  were transformed into rich, smoldering features. She threaded little metal earrings with purple crystals into her ear lobes.  
The raucous commentary from co-workers would be obnoxious. She was prepared for the usual sexual remarks and tomboy jokes. Hopefully the badgering wouldn't sting too badly tonight.

~ ~ ~
Shoving her hands into her pockets Kris stopped about twenty feet from Jake McAllister's cabin. Loud music was draining out into the night. A good variety of people hung out everywhere.
“Oh my fucking mama. Kristjana! Wholly shit!” 
“And I thought I could blend in.” Kris stepped forth.
“Hells to the no! All that's missing is a nice stiff drink in your hand. Come with me.” Jake was grinning from ear to ear.
“Nothing too exotic, you hear me? I'm not waking up in the lake.”
Jake laughed out loud. “You know, I should wise up and ask you out. Just one thing though -”
“And that is?”
“You're too good for me.” Jake burst out in his usual deep booming laugh.
“Jake, get lost and quit molesting the guests.” Terri White came up from behind. “Don't listen to him,” she said, taking Kris firmly by the hand. “He's as horny as the devil. Come on, let's up go.” Terri pulled Kris up the steps. 
“You'd know all about the devil, Terri!” Jake yelled after her and then rejoined some friends that were building a bonfire pit.
Kris tried to push away the insecurities that arose out of the dank night air. The quicker she could get buzzed, the better.  Ascending narrow stairs she pushed and stepped over several people.
“Jake's place is fucking hot, and I don't mean in a good way. Drinks are on the end of the deck. Simon and Joseph are on their way. Had to drive all the way into Matherville to get booze. Fuck this park.” Terri talked a mile a minute. She tipped a large glass filled with amber liquid to her  fluorescent pink lips.
“I should of brought something.” Kris surveyed the selection of drinking options. Mostly beer.
“Shit no! Guys are buyin'! No girls shelling out for this night.” 
“You haven't seen Raina, by chance?” Kris asked. Her exuberant friend was nowhere in sight.
“She was here earlier. Ran off. Higher than a kite.” On more than one occasion Raina rubbed Terri the wrong way and it stuck. Terri pretended to like her, but Kris saw through her transparent attitude.
“So miss, where is the fucking hot ranger? I thought you would bring him.” Terri  probed, fingering her bright red hair. 
Kris coughed. She knew there was some reason Terri was so bothersome back at the showers.
“Working.” 
“Well we both know that means nothing. Should of brought him.” 
“Next time,” Kris lied. Take Michael to one of these flesh fests? No darn way.
“Everyone says he and Beth are shacking up. What a total whore. And she's convincing nobody with that cheap hair color.” 
“I see.” Kris winced. Not five minutes at the party and already the vicious rumors were flying around. 
“Oh, but don't worry. I'm sure he stopped porking Beth the minute you hooked up with him,” Terri blurted out so fast that Kris didn't have time to respond. With a fake smile across her bright lips, Terri took off pushing her way back through the crowd of people. 
Kris grabbed a  bottle and twisted off the top, dropping it into an orange bucket.  Already the night was off and running with a round of gossip about Michael, and Raina being a no-show. 
“Terri get you set up?” Jake appeared at the top of the steps. His cheeks were flushed red and eyes glassy. 
“Yes.” Kris took a long drink of the beer.
“Great.” Jake clapped his hands together. 
“Come down to the fire. Can't fit no more people on this deck.” He jammed his hand deep into the icy water of the open cooler. “Gotta get one down here. The ones at the top are still warm.” He popped off the top of a beer and fizzing liquid poured out.
“I had no idea you had normal clothing.” Jake ignored the mess he was making.
“Quite shocking, isn't it?” Kris said.
“Yes ma'am. Well. I'm gonna go back down.” He smiled loosely and moved past. 
Kris gazed down upon a mob of people. Joseph and Simon had arrived with a metal cart stacked with boxes of booze. Loud rock music pulsated through the air.  She couldn't see Adam anywhere. He hated social events so it would crazy to expect him. 
A few minutes later out of the  corner of her eye, Kris caught sight of a familiar buzz cut head.  She cursed under her breath. Where in the heck was Raina?
More people pushed their way to the top steps and made useless but polite conversation with Kris. Careful to keep herself partially hidden in the crowd, Kris hoped Adam would drink his spongy liver into a prune and pass out in the forest. 
Twisting off the cap to her second beer a tall lanky male wielding a bottle of clear spirits suggested he pour some of it into hers. It turned out to be lemon rum and quite a good complement to the cheap, crappy  beer she was nursing.  Kris sucked it down quite readily. 
“Kris!” Raina's voice penetrated the chatter. “What the hell are you doing?” Breathless, she bounced up against Kris. 
“Where the heck have you been?” Kris asked.
“Adam's here.” 
“I know.” Kris brought the glass to her lips and took a substantial drink. 
“Good idea. Blur the sonuvabitch out. Let's go down, it's too crowded up here.” 
Kris bobbed her head in agreement. 
No sooner had they reached the bonfire did Raina stumble off. Kris noticed her own balance and steadiness were already impaired. She was instantly reminded of a rafting trip last summer down the Kwoluck river. Stupidity led her to stand up after drinking too much in the hot summer sun.  Almost losing an oar and jumping into the cold water after it, she vowed never to combine alcohol and outdoor activities again. Maybe nighttime parties should be included. 
Raina  moved off to a group of people sitting in beach chairs. Kris sat down next to crude dirt pit constructed for the fire. Craggy logs hissed and popped, sending out large plumes of sparks.
“Still hate Vodka, babe?” 
 The voice stabbed at her ears. Kris wobbly swung around and dug her nails into her hip.   
“One for you.” He lifted a  drink toward her. Kris stood motionless. 
“No thanks Adam.” Kris stood up, ready to relocate herself from Adam. 
“Try it. Too sweet for me. Just like you darling.”
“What part of no don't you understand?” 
“I'll get you another beer if you hate it.” A cocky smile spread across his thin lips. He held the liquor out to Kris.
Instead of making a scene and loosing composure, Kris politely  reached out and grabbed the thick glass with two hands. Inspecting the light purple booze, Kris moved off toward the fire. With her back turned to Adam, she brought the heavy glass to her lips and let the alcohol seep into her mouth. It was horrifically sweet. She took several more   sips of  it  and then sank down onto the dirt.
Adam stalked over and joined her soon enough. His glass was nearly empty.  Kris struggled to remain aloof. Internally her thoughts were muddy and illogical. Adam plopped down and leaned backward onto his elbows. 
“Glad I decided to come.” His statement was inaudible on purpose. Adam was very happy in his decision to check out the party. And he was quite relieved to find Kris in attendance. It meant she was not off with the Ranger.
~ ~ ~

Michael went slightly out of his way to keep an eye on the party that evening. He stayed well out of view which was not hard given the oblivious attendees.  Staff parties of this kind and size were against park regulations. Michael did not see the harm in letting it continue as long as nobody got out of control and guests of the park did not make their way over to the staff camp. 
Michael inspected Kris's behavior from the hidden shroud of thick pines at the far side of camp. She was consuming alcoholic beverages at a worrisome pace. He would not stop her in the process of getting drunk. Perhaps she did this often. By all indications Kris didn't seem like the party-type.  It was feasible that she was just looking for a release or way to relax in the wake of increasing park stress. The attacks were still taking place and each one was changing in intensity. 
Michael leaned against a thick pine tree slowly crossing his arms and observing Kris and her ex-boyfriend. They seemed to be getting along. 
The longer Michael stood and watched, the more restless he became. There was no ease in tearing his gaze from her.  Tonight she'd taken extra effort in highlighting her natural beauty. Even from a distance he was mesmerized by her white blond mane  cascading down past her shoulders.  She appeared slightly nervous and out of place among the raucous bunch of young people. 
In one hand she grasped a large glass to which she continually raised to her lips. That very act alone stirred loose a primal desire within him.  
An electronic blip from the radio broke Michael from his pleasing distraction. He moved off to respond in a quieter location. Quickly he learned of a bear making an unwelcome presence in one of the meadow camps. While not an emergency it needed to be promptly dealt with.  Bears were common nuisances during high tourist season. Park guests were notoriously messy and thoughtless with food and garbage. Michael rapidly strode back to his truck. Once more his thoughts veered back to Kris. Something about her was very magnetic and he reminded himself to proceed with caution.

~ ~ ~

“Another?” Adam's voice was heavy with disgust. His mood had soured considerably as midnight approached. A side effect of the alcohol but also his expectations of the night were quite reduced. Kris was not giving him the special attention he desired. Her affections were absent. Adam had counted on the booze to loosen her up and drop inhibitions. 
Kris focused on his pathetic gaze and shook her head. Adam got up and stormed off. 
“Sooner or later he'll get it. I swear. He's delusional.” Raina re-emerged slurring her speech and barely hanging onto a beer.
Kris watched Adam disappear past a group of people. 
“At least he left,” Kris said. Her head was annoyingly spinning.
“Fuck.” Raina dropped to the ground rather hard.
“Geez. Are you okay?” 
“Not really.” Raina plopped upright.
“I don't know how much longer I'm staying,” Kris said.
“Why don't you explore a better option and go find the Ranger.” Raina smiled.
“Sure.”
“I mean it girl. You gotta go after this one otherwise someone is going to grab him right up.”
Kris eyed Raina with some irritation. Why was everyone so eager to stick their nose into her private business? Was this ruggedly handsome ranger really going to get assaulted by a hoard of slutty females if Kris didn't get down and dirty with him? Sex was the only topic this crowd had advice on. Where were her so-called friends when she was going through the volatile break up with Adam last year? Everyone stood off to the side and said nothing.
Being with Michael was exciting and new. But in many ways Kris found herself having anxious moments. It had been a long time since she let down her guard and trusted a stranger. People were unpredictable, selfish and usually possessed some type of secret agenda. It was much easier to be alone. Maybe all Michael wanted was sex? Even worse maybe all Kris wanted was sex. Sex without the attachment and confusing toil of a relationship. She was lost within a deep mire of thoughts. 
“Well honestly I hope you're not feeling sorry for him.” Raina sensed she had pricked Kris the wrong way.
“Who, Adam?” 
“Because you shouldn't.” 
“I fucking don't feel sorry for him.” Kris insisted angrily. At that moment she snapped out of her daze and realized it was not sex she wanted from Michael. It was more than that. There was something indescribable, intangible every time they were together. Unlike the early days of being with Adam. 
“Okay just making sure,” Raina said.
Kris breathed out heavily. 
“I shouldn't of come tonight. It sends the wrong message. He thinks I still don't want to let go.” 
“That's obvious.” Raina shook the last drop of beer into her mouth and tossed the bottle to the ground. 
Kris needed a change of subject.
“What do you think a man like  Ranger is looking for?” Kris asked. Raina had a long and harrowing history with males. Rarely did Kris seek out her advice or expertise but tonight seemed like a good time to prod her for an opinion.  
Raina only grinned. “Darling he wants you. Pretty fucking clear.” 
“How is it clear?” 
“Oh jeez,” Raina rolled her eyes, “who the fuck knows. Maybe he's an asshole. Maybe he's prince charming. Just go with it and find out. Why else would he be showing you so much attention?” 
“Get serious would you? I really want to know. What should I do?”
“Look, you've got a reference point with Adam. If Michael starts acting like him, run the fuck away,” Raina said.
“What are you spewing bitch?” Adam frowned hard, interrupting the girls. 
“I was explaining how you were born in a leper colony.” Raina stood.
“Bite me!” Adam grabbed his crotch in a lewd gesture.
“Here.” He offered a fresh drink to Kris. 
“No. No more.” Kris protested by waving her hand at the drink.
Raina was done with the Kris and Adam situation. She  wobbled off leaving them to sort things out on their own. 
“Bye. I'm outta here.” 
It was 1:30AM. Colder air had descended to the forest floor. Still the intense heat of the fire and numbing effects of the alcohol gave a false sense of comfort and warmth. After Raina's departure Kris remained quiet. Another hour passed and Kris was further disconnected from reality. Instead of a nice pleasant buzz, she was wrestling with the urge to get sick.  It had been a long day and drinking on top of slight dehydration was producing a very ill predicament.
Adam persistently made obnoxious comments, digging harder at Kris. Each time he opened his mouth the more inappropriate and suggestive comments came oozing out. Kris ignored him at first but Adam's constant sexual orations and dredging up past memories began wearing her down.  It was clearly time to leave. Even the music had shifted from punk rock to softer melodies. 
“I have to go.” Kris attempted to stand. Adam rushed up to help her.
“No, no. Leave me alone.” Kris slapped his hands away.
“I'll walk you back.” 
Kris shook her head from side to side. A peculiar sensation of being underwater struck her.
“No, I'll head back with Raina.” Kris caught sight of Raina. Unfortunately her sloshed friend was making out with some guy against the lower section of Jake's deck. 
“Okay. Maybe not.” Kris couldn't think straight, her mind was meandering in all sorts of directions. 
“Ahh, I see the prostitutes have convened for the evening,” Adam said. Quite a few people were huddled up together and others were passed out or drifting off toward their cabins. 
“Shut up.” Kris watched him eying Raina. 
 Toddling away carefully Kris began her return  home.  
“I'll check on you later babe.” Adam followed after her for a minute or two and then let her go.
Kris ignored the comment. She was focused with getting home successfully.

~ ~ ~
“What's his problem?” The male that Raina  engaged herself with  looked up and frowned as Adam brushed past.
Drunk and unconcerned, Raina barely turned her attention toward Adam. A few vulgar comments escaped from his mouth, but otherwise he went on his way into the forest.
Raina settled on the idea that Kris could take care of herself. Raina returned to her new preoccupation and swung a leg over his midsection. Sloppily she sunk into him and started sucking on his neck. 
With heavy footsteps Adam walked past the back of Jake's cabin and entered thick shrubs and tall pines. Angrily he lit a cigarette and snapped the lighter repeatedly.  Fuck all of 'em. He didn't want to think anymore. At least he showed up. Nobody could accuse him of being a social outcast. He tolerated these stupid parties just to disprove rumors that he was odd and inept. Adam yanked out a small flask from a jacket pocket. He threw back a long drink of the pungent alcohol and then cleared his throat with a hard cough.
A crackling noise brought his attention back to reality.  The darkness prevented him from clearly identifying the grayish shape slowly moving away from thick brush. He shoved the flask back in his pocket and took out a small black flashlight. He swept the beam quickly into the darkness. Bears seldom came to this section of the park. Either Wildlife Control would effectively relocate them or scare them off using a variety of methods. 
Bears smelled awful and  Adam sniffed the air to detect a foul scent. He found nothing. So this mysterious thing could not be a bear.  A few branches gently swayed from a drifting breeze. Adam drew a sharp puff on his smoke then tossed it to the ground and pushed it to extinction with his right boot. 
“Hey who's there?” Perhaps it was some floozies from the party.   There was no movement except for the breeze brushing past evergreens and pines. Adam wasn't satisfied. He was certain something was only yards away.
Stepping further into the plants and over smooth boulders he heard another rustling of sticks and brush. 
“Goddammit, show yourself!” Prickly hairs on the back of his neck scraped the collar of his jacket.  Sweeping the beam of light back and forth over the thick forested floor, he saw nothing. With hand shaking uncontrollably he reached around and pulled a small firearm out of hidden nylon holster.  Quickly he chambered a round and yanked the slide back with a sharp metal click. He gripped the weapon and light tightly with both hands and inspected the terrain.
“Who the fuck's there?” Adam swallowed hard and plowed forward half stumbling and tripping over thick ground cover. Adam's foot caught on a felled branch and he found himself face down in the earth. Cursing rampantly he rushed to his feet. Beaming the light and weapon straight out for several moments longer,  Adam took aim but could not settle on a target. 
Now the forest stood quiet and all movement diminished. Running after it was less than desirable. Adam shivered as he clenched his gun. Adrenaline coursed through his veins.
He re-holstered the firearm finally. Maybe it was someone playing tricks. This camp was chock full of idiots always playing jokes and pranks on each other. Had someone followed him from Jake's place? Paranoia descended over Adam. He pivoted around looking for anything or anyone.  An occasional breeze rustled pine cones loose from trees but otherwise the night was void of sound. 
His brain fuzzy from constant consumption of alcohol for the past 5 hours, Adam spat on the plants in front of him. He didn't feel so good anymore. If someone was after him they'd meet a terrible fate. 
~ ~ ~
Kris finally approached her steps in a disoriented state of mind. The last portion of her walk was spent mentally criticizing herself for getting drunk and leading Adam on unintentionally. One by one she crept up the old steps. It was pitch dark thanks to her forgetfulness to change the broken light bulb on her porch.  Kris was breathing hard and struggling with bouts of vertigo by the time she reached the top. 
A dark figure loomed near the door. Kris instantly backed into the railing. Quickly a sharp pain struck her lower back. 
Kris let out a muffled scream and called out. 
Michael rushed from obscurity and took her arm.
“Oh god.” Kris's heart slammed into gear beating furiously. 
“Expecting someone else?” Michael asked.
Kris was embarrassed and couldn't think fluidly, “Is it a habit of yours to lurk around in the dark?”
“Got any water in there?” A jagged thread of amusement was attached to Michael's voice. 
“I think so. Are you thirsty?” Kris was swaying back and forth.
Michael raised an eyebrow. 
“I meant for you. Perhaps one too many this evening?” 
“Perhaps. What are you doing here?”
“Making sure you get in safely.”  His tone of voice instantly cast a spell. Kris stared up at him with wide, glassy blue eyes. 
“How very nice of you,” Kris said.
“Where's the keys?” He gazed down upon her. 
“Good question.” She felt like fainting. Her dulled senses were just starting to pick up how good Michael smelled. His male scent descended over her like the mist off a witch's brew.  The alcohol alone wasn't the only thing intoxicating her mind. Michael put a strong hand to her hip to steady her wavering stance. 
“Come on, where's the keys?” He realized she was very inebriated. 
Kris just smiled, drugged on his words. Michael wrapped a hand around her waist coaxing her to the front door.
“It's getting cold. Kris, open up.” 
Kris really wasn't listening very well. Finding herself very attracted to him at the moment, she wondered how long he'd been waiting on the porch for her return. With her guard temporarily non-existent thanks to the power of alcohol, Kris wondered how patient of a man he really was. 
“Hmm.” The corners of her mouth morphed into a playful little smile, “Why don't you  get  them for me?” 
Michael appeared unaffected by her inebriated teasing.  His mind was on fire.  This innocent temptress just ignited a dangerous engine within him. Get her inside. Get her inside. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing, she's drunk, Michael told himself.
“Kristjana, either you open this door or I will. Please get out your keys.” His dark words reverberated right through her. Finally obeying him, Kris shoved her hand into her jean pocket and wiggled out a set of keys.  Wobbling backward she grabbed the door handle for balance.  She fumbled for several moments in finding the right key and then shoved it into the lock and stumbled inside.
Cold, stagnant air greeted her. Hands out in front of her, she reached in the darkness for the bed. Grasping a small blanket, she sank down onto the bunk. 
Michael stayed on the porch waging a terrible battle of wills. Dare he enter her home? His battle of maintaining good manners and appropriate behavior was quickly faltering. Part of his intentions were honorable in  making sure she was okay for the night. Michael wanted to confirm that heat was available in this rustic little cabin and that she drank some water to head off a massive hang over.
Visions of disrobing her contorted his agenda. Running his touch over soft, saccharine skin. Taking her in his mouth. He was treading down a path that could only result in satiation of these bewitching thoughts. Slipping further into a predatory, venereal hunger, Michael reached up and toyed with the brim of his hat.  
He did not want to withhold his true nature and attraction towards Kris any longer. Dozens of little things beleaguered him. How her lips turned up at him,  pouting when she wasn't getting her way. How her full, expressive mouth beckoned his desire to kiss her so deeply.  Her lean, tenuous legs, firm little rear end, delicately deceptive hands and shy demeanor were laced  with subtleties. 
Kris was probably unaware of her charms he suspected. Perhaps this was due to naiveté or immaturity. Michael drew in a long breath of damp night air attempting reign in his lost composure.
He entered her cabin and softly clicked the the door shut. Feeling around for a light switch, he found nothing. This was Michael's first experience inside of an employee cabin.  It smelled musty and damp. Down below in the valley, a variety of  guest quarters were decidedly a step up compared this rickety shack. Teepees and yurts were available as cheap White Rock Park accommodation options. For high end guests or those with fat wallets, the Sekonee Lodge offered an upscale but authentic park experience. And then there were those who fought the steep,  narrow roads with bloated recreational vehicles and fifth wheel camping trailers. Designed in the mid 1800's, White Rock struggled each season with the mass amount of these blights. 
“Kris?” He wondering if she was passed out.
A muffled voice emanated from the right side of the room near a window draped with ratty fabric.
Impatient, Michael grabbed a small metal flashlight from his duty belt. The high powered beam filled the room with searing white light.  Kris moaned in discomfort. 
Promptly, Michael spotted the oil lamp on a small desk and lit it quickly. His eyes caught sight of  a meager wood burning stove in the far corner of the cabin. 
Michael crouched down and opened the door of the old stove. Next to the wall was a small pile of thin logs and dry sticks. He put his field expertise to work in building a fire, but was irritated in the revelation of how primal the conditions for Willow Camp staff was.  He felt almost ashamed at his own posh quarters in comparison. 
Ten minutes later a small blaze hissed angrily,  filling the cast iron stove and providing warmth to the room. Kris was wrapped like a burrito in a thick red blanket, pressed up against the wall and window. She was feeling sick from drinking too much. 
“Here.” Michael sat on the edge of the bed holding bottle of water. Kris shakily grasped it and took several  sips. 
The room remained cold even with the fire going.  He strode over to her desk and pulled out the flimsy wooden chair.  
Deliriously sleepy, Kris lay down for a moment but was overcome with dizziness and nausea. She gazed at Michael with blurry eyes. After unlacing his boots and placing them by the door, he started removing items from his duty belt. Reaching to his right side he clicked a small switch and released a thick black handgun. Grasping the device, he placed it on the desk.  Swiftly he unbuckled the thick leather kit belt from his waist and dropped it to the floor.
“I don't know how you manage to carry all that.” Kris's voice was garbled as she spoke through the thick fabric of the blanket which covered her mouth. 
“It becomes a part of you,” Michael said.
Kris realized that Michael was indeed taking things off. Her mind switched on and rose out of the fog bank of her drunkenness.
“What are you doing?” She blinked several times.  His outer layer uniform shirt was unbuttoned revealing a white cotton tee shirt. He stopped undressing and approached her cot. Her eyes sank uncontrollably downward and straight at his midsection. Kris was quickly overcome with a rapid surge of shyness. Even in the dim light of the cabin she could see just how aroused he was. Either she never noticed before or never looked.  Perhaps all that tucked fabric shrouded details of his pronounced endowment.
Michael grabbed the bottle of water and sat down offering it to Kris again. 
“You're going to drink this.” He commanded in a low, abysmal voice.  Kris produced a shaky hand out of the blanket and grasped the plastic bottle. Bringing it slowly to her lips, she took a sip. 
Michael waited patiently. Clearly she'd had way too much alcohol at the party and either wasn't used to it or had no tolerance.
 Kris couldn't stop the shivers now. The room was getting warmer but the thin wooden construction of the dwelling was  inept at retaining much heat. 
He lay down on the bed knowing his good intentions would dissipate fast but he coaxed her to move next to him for warmth.  Kris resisted at first not moving from her position and remained crumpled against the wall. An onslaught of nerves gripped her. Instinctively she wanted to make a little joke attempting to diffuse the situation.
“So were you thinking about jumping into bed with me  earlier today? I guess your plan worked. Waiting until I was drunk off my ass.” 
Michael half smiled watching her intently. 
“I had no plan that involved that.” 
“Yeah right.”  
“I rather wish you were sober right now so I could make love to you.” He spoke in a thick voice. Kris wasn't listening so well. She took a longer gulp of the water and then stubbornly tried to place it on the window sill.
“You're assuming too much.” Kris re-tightened the blanket around herself and finally lay down.
Fishing for her jittery hand, Michael gently tugged for Kris to lay next to him.
“Why don't you tell me what I'm assuming?” Michael slowly extricated part of her from the blanket. Kris was resistant and kept a firm hold on the edge of the covering.
“You're like all men. You assume a girl will just put out. And then after she does, you leave. Or if she doesn't want to put out, you turn to someone who will.”
A bit taken aback by the words that streamed from her mouth so honestly, Michael was positive in his former assessment that she had been burned. Perhaps more than once. 
“And I'm one of those men?” Michael asked, taking a finger and moving her hair from her face.
“Don't get me wrong. I'm not trying to be mean.” Kris closed her eyes. “You can't help it. It's the way things are these days.”
“I'm sorry.” 
“Hmm.” Kris sighed, her thoughts sluggish and defensive. “Sorry for what?”
Michael detected that she was testing him.  A well honed subconscious putting up a wall of defense. It wasn't hard to see she was subtly pushing at him. But he wasn't about to back away. 
“Sorry you've been hurt.”
“What makes you think that?” Kris was softly defiant.
“A hunch.”
“A hunch? What are you a psychic?”
“I'm not psychic or a fortune teller. But I recognize pain when I see it.”
Kris opened her eyes, surprised to hear him use the word pain. Michael unwound the red blanket from her and shook it, letting it float down over both of them. Kris carefully stretched out beside him.  Sliding his hand over her hip to her lower back, Michael moved the fabric of her blouse out of the way.  Gently he ran his touch over her silken skin. 
Kris fought against irrational thoughts. She was comparing Michael's presence in her bed to unwelcome seductions from a demonic entity. Michael was not Adam. This was a different man. Old memories were out to sabotage what could be a deepening closeness with this person. It was possible Michael's intentions were purely physical. He was here conveniently, at a time when she was sloshed and open to suggestion. Or there was the vague and foreign possibility that he was here  because of genuine concern.
 “Relax.” Micheal's breath cascaded over her.
“I can't.” 
“Why?” His hand met hers under the warmth of the blanket.
“I don't know,” Kris said.
“I think you do.”  
Kris gazed over at him and then stared up at the clapboard roof. The room would not stop spinning. 
“What's going on in that mind of yours?” Michael leaned close to whisper into her ear. He moved his leg between hers. His slow, deliberate movement was calming in a mysterious sort of way but also brought on a wave of provocation. Kris let her breath escape past clenched teeth. As his body melded closer with hers, heat began to rise within her. 
“Oh god, I can't.” Kris groaned at the thought of where it was all headed.
“Tell me to leave.” Michael warned. If she truly wanted him to stop, he needed to hear it right then and there.
“Yeah right.” Kris covered her eyes with her hand.
Michael cupped her chin with a steady hand. Kris could barely see in the dark shadows of the room, for which she was thankful. 
“If you really want me to go, say the word,” he said in a low voice.
“No. Stay, I guess.” 
“Don't guess. Be sure. Be absolutely sure Kris,”  Michael breathed out heavily, perplexed why so much anxiety was coming forth.
“Old demons in my head.” Kris forced an apologetic smile.
Michael lay still trying his best to keep the raging fire inside his body to a low burn. 
“I'm not here to play games or hurt you.” Unable to resist, he kissed her neck gently, deeply. Her inability to relax indicated it was too soon. Too much.
“Just wondering where it's all going.” Kris started to melt.  He smelled like a mixture of the forest, woodsy smoke and sweet perspiration. It was heaven.
A thought crossed his mind. “You aren't a virgin, are you?” He stared intently at her, propping himself up.
“Whoa. Where did that come from?” Kris asked.
“Well?”
“Heavens no.”
“All right. Just making sure.” Michael lay back down.
“And what if I was? That's a bad thing?”
“No. It -” Michael tried to find the right words, “would just change things.”
“Change how?”
Wow she was persistent. Or skilled at delaying and torturing him. Enough was enough.
“I wouldn't tell you that I want to fuck you,” Michael said.
Kris pressed the palm of her hand against her forehead. But Michael  unglued it quickly, knowing she attempted to hide a bashful expression. 
“I want to turn you over and thrust my huge cock into your sweet, wet pussy until you come. And then I would make slow, torturous love to you until you saw stars dance your very eyes and the heavens came crashing down around you.” Michael's eyes bore into hers. “If you were a virgin, however, I wouldn't tell you those things.”
“That's what you've been thinking about?” Kris was overcome with hot chills.
He was well aware it was one of those moments where his actions and words were questioned and untrusted. She was laced with hidden fears and insecurities. He doubted he could reverse this at the present moment. One thing was etched into the forefront of his curiosity.
“Yes, that's what I've been thinking about. And a lot more.” He kissed her briefly and then said, “So have you.”
“Excuse me?”
“Don't try and tell me different.”
Instinctively Kris was about to tell him his ego was quite inflated. How dare he assume she was having steamy thoughts about him? 
“And how does that make me look? I'm secretly fantasizing about you?”
“It makes you very appetizing.” Sinking lower into her, Michael took  sweet flesh into his mouth, deeply kissing her neck. His words thick with lust, Michael spoke into her ear as if he were a caged animal. 
“Every time I see you, I want you. Every time you pass by, I can't forget you. Every time you tease me, you arouse me.” Grasping her wrist he lead her hand down to his heated crotch. Kris let out a small, stifled sound almost in shock. His rugged hand slid on top of hers guiding her to apply pressure to his throbbing cock. Had it not been for layers of fabric preventing bare skin contact, Michael would of flipped her over and entered her right then and there.  Maintaining composure and forgoing the impulse to salaciously mate his thickness into her was a demanding matter for Michael. He wasn't a savage idiot. Kris wasn't ready to engage in fornication. Well, too much of it anyway. And she was sobering up, but not enough.
Kris writhed beneath his achingly slow movements.  
The small stove now provided the cabin with great warmth and Michael tore his attention from Kris abruptly. Kris thought for a fleeting moment he was changing his mind. But he stood up only to free himself of his shirt and pants.
Really seeing him for the first time, bits of reservation and modesty dissipated from Kris. Never a complete secret as to how built his upper body was, Kris was still  nearly open mouthed at the further reveal of his ruggedly constructed physique. The only remaining barrier to full disclosure was his underwear. She need not take any guesses. Michael gifted with some serious girth, or rather, a formidable faculty that was profoundly aroused at the moment. Inhibitions danced in and out of lustful thought. She could not tear her eyes off of him. Frozen, Kris rejoined his intense visual assault. Without breaking the gaze, she grabbed her own shirt and yanked it off. Michael pulled her down to the bed with him.
Kris responded by advancing her hips into his. Magnetized by his actions and increasing torridness, Kris wanted more. Her tight jean fabric against her female pleasures only caused increased throbbing beneath.  She struggled to unbutton the front of the cumbersome pants. 
Michael unfastened her jeans and removed them in quick fashion. Kris ran her hand over his chest, touching what was once unavailable. Digressing past his steel abdominal muscles her little exploration was canceled. Michael did not let her continue. He sank his fiery, ravenous body on top of hers pausing only to rip off her bra and expose her  supple breasts.
“I'll buy you a new one.” He throatily promised. Cupping her breast in one hand he tasted the rigid tip of her nipple with the end of his tongue. Kris eyed his action with a growing appetite. Coiling her legs around him, demanded he sink his heated core into her. Kris heard a deep groan.
“I'm not going to have sex with you tonight.” He growled unexpectedly. Sex not in the traditional sense, Michael thought. The revelation cast a cold, confused stare upon Kris's flushed face. 
“What?” 
“Not tonight.”
“After all that you said before?”
 He reached down between their two sweltering bodies until finding a slim resemblance of lace and silk fabric shrouding her private volume. He tore away the preventative undergarment, ripping the side forcibly.  His fingers slowly encircled her swollen flesh. Arching her back in response, a raspy sound escaped from Kris.
“What the fuck are you doing then?” 
He didn't answer just yet. Instead he explored deeper with his fingers. Michael mated his touch back and forth inside her saturated pathway. Grazing his thumb over her swollen cloak of flesh only added a heightened dimension Kris could barely withstand.
Just as her apex approached, Michael pressed his throbbing cock firmly against the exterior of her corridor,  denying himself entrance, but enticing the intensity for her. Kris groaned uncontrollably her neck and back muscles arched. Mouthing his name she let go into a writhing bliss of convulsing pleasure. Breath escaped her. She grabbed a handful of blanket off to one side in an effort to regain control over the intense ecstasy. Aftershocks    parsed through her. 
Michael took great satisfaction observing her until all threads of restraint were gone.
“Touch me.” He took her shaking hand and wrapped it    around his engorged cock. His hand firmly entwined with hers, he  dragged their combined touch along his girth.  
“Kris, I want to make love to you desperately. More than you can understand.” He glanced down between their bodies, “Another time. When you aren't -” His voice shook with unbearable resonance. 
“Drunk.” Kris finished his thought. Although it wasn't something she wanted to hear, she knew he was making the right decision. 
He wrapped his hand around her behind and pulled her body tight against his.  Deep, guttural sounds increased from the back of his throat. Now it was Kris's turn to take the lead. She pushed him hard to stray from his position above. They managed with little pause to lay face to face.  Kris directed her attention to his swollen shaft and to skimming her touch back and forth over the foremost tip of his cock. She varied the intensity and pressure contracting and releasing her hand in an almost cruel-like seductive conjuring. 
Michael let out a deep spasmodic groan and then finally let go in a forceful involuntary climatic spasm. Thick, creamy liquid jutted from his pulsating cock.  Kris felt his hot abstraction on her hand and belly. The intensity of his his expulsion was surprising. Her heart beat fast with wild irregularity. 
Michael breathed out harshly but hardly said a word.  Kris was accustomed to the feeling of relief after a sexual encounter, but relief of a different sort. Relief that it was over and done and the participating party, Adam, would fall asleep or go away. With Michael everything was different. 
Almost too tired to think logically Kris curled up on the bed. Michael took her hand in unspoken reassurance.
Lost in restless waves of a climactic consummation, Kris closed her eyes savoring his thermally charged body. The savage waves of involuntary spasms began to release their grip on him. Kris cautiously touched his chest to make sure this was all real. That he was still there. 
Michael pulled her close, breathing raggedly. Kris drew in the sweet musky smell drifting about him. Her eyes burned with fatigue.
“Go to sleep.” He touched the back her head gently. His words washed over her with great  comfort. Michael's hand rested motionless on her bare hip and Kris complied with his order and fell into a deep sleep.

Chapter Ten

BAM! BAM! BAM! 
Violent knocking shook the cabin door. Kris groggily woke. A red blanket covered her unclothed body. Trying to awake from heavy sleep was not easy. A moment passed and stillness filled the air.  
The pounding started again.  Her heart jumped into gear with a clunk so vicious Kris was sure it made a sound. 
Visions of the previous night began to trickle into reality. Taking in a sharp breath she surveyed the room. He was gone.  Kris jerked back the blanket, glaring at the empty rumpled space.  Infused with  vacillating images of their time together, Kris became wide eyed and alert.
Slam!  Slam!  BAM!
Again the door was rattled by an impatiently rude visitor.  She wanted yell nasty warnings but thought the better of it. Quickly pulling on some clothes she gazed around the cabin. No evidence of Michael. 
Assuming the worst she swung her feet to the floor and groped under the bed. She yanked the trusty old baseball bat out from underneath the bed.
“Kris, fucking open the door! I'm not going away until you do.” Adam's irate voice emanated through the rickety  boards.
Head throbbing and practically choking from a caustically dry throat, Kris released the lock. Adam wasted no time bursting into the cabin. He glanced around the room then faced her. His eyes appeared sunken in and bloodshot. The stench of booze and body odor was unmistakable. 
“You look like hell.” Kris could not hide her raspy voice. She dropped the baseball bat on the bed. 
“What do you think you're doing?” Adam fought to keep his voice under control. He was losing the battle against the envy and rage. He couldn't come to terms that he was losing Kris to a park ranger. Of all people, it had to be a park fucking ranger.
Kris took a long drink of water from a plastic bottle that had been placed on the floor by her bedside. Under the bottle  was a small folded piece of paper. Kris gazed at the unknown artifact. Her mind wandered from Adam's gruff announcement and she stalled in her response. It was the morning routine for him to be bothering her at an early hour.
“What do you mean? I was sleeping. You woke me, idiot.” 
“Kris, you're making a huge mistake.”
“Adam, get a life. There's plenty of young meat around this park, why don't you go find someone who'll willingly spread their legs for you?” Kris's reached down pretending to scratch her foot. She grabbed the note and turned from Adam's  icy stare. Inside was Michael's handwriting.
Wait by the roundabout after work. 
-Michael
Her heart did a cliff dive. Kris folded the paper back into a little square and clenched it tight safely hidden from the scourge that was stinking up her cabin.
“Who was here last night?” Adam strode around her small space looking for clues.
“None of you fucking business. Nobody was here.” Kris wasn't prepared to answer questions about Michael just yet.
“You forget.”
“I haven't forgotten anything.” Kris was hardly alert enough to catch onto his phrases laced heavily with meaning she was just supposed to grasp out of thin air. 
“I know what goes on with you.”
“Oh?” Kris had little energy for this inquisition. “Adam, get the hell out. Get out or -” She glanced around for something to threaten him with.
“Or what? You'll do what?” Adam was furious but holding back. “Never mind. Thanks a lot Kris.”
“You're welcome.” Kris moved toward the door, ready to slam it behind him but he stalled in the doorway.
“See you at work,” Adam said.
 Knowing better than to take the bait, she was caught off guard with his statement. 
“You're on the schedule today?” 
“That's right. Same as you. What a coincidence.” He flashed a smirk and then was gone. Kris closed the door, and flipped the lock. 
Adam frowned harshly, heavily stepping down the stairs and strolling off  down the dirt path. He was  a bit raw from a nasty hang over and by the strange occurrence in the forest after leaving the party. Learning that Kris had a male visitor stay with her furthered his downward spiral in mood.
Kris sat on the bed and opened her hand. She read Micheal's short note again. Irregular heart palpitations instantly rattled her. Adam's thorny visit did not cast a shadow over her sultry memories of being with Michael last night. As far as she was concerned Adam didn't exist. He would soon realize this. He had to.

~ ~ ~
“Kris, the new menus came in. Take the older ones and throw them out in the dumpster. I don't want them sitting in the kitchen trash.”  Dale stood in the doorway of the main entrance squinting amidst bright morning sunlight.
“I surely will.” Kris paused from sweeping. 
“I told Raina to take care of it two days ago.” Dale frowned eying little piles of pine needles and debris cluttering the walkway.
“Sorry. I'll do the menus after I finish this.” Kris pushed a big pile of litter towards an orange bucket. Raina's attention to detail and to her job were flaky. Dale remained in the doorway slowly taking gulps from a steaming styrofoam cup.  He continued to hang out and watched Kris work at tidying up the front entry. She continued on even though his loitering meant other things were bothering him.
Kris scooped up the small piles into the bucket and stood to wipe the side of her brow with the back of her hand. It was only 9AM but scorching rays of sunlight bouncing off the pavement created a blinding glare and uncomfortable warmth. 
“Something else, you needed?” Kris asked, stretching her back.
Jutting the  contents of the cup into the bushes, he swore under his breath and approached Kris. 
“I don't  involve myself with the personal matters of my staff.” 
Oh hell, here it comes. “I know.” Kris leaned on the broom. 
Dale was surrounded by gossip, drama and the never ending personal issues of his workers on a daily basis.  Rarely did he get in the middle. He purposefully lived on the other side of the park in a small trailer. Removed from the hustle and bustle of the busy summer season. Dale and Kris shared an unspoken bond. Her role was more of a misguided niece and he was the grumpy but protective uncle.
“You're not seeing Adam anymore?” 
“God, Dale -” Instantly cross, Kris was nauseated at the mention of Adam's name. 
“Hey, hear me out now.” Dale obviously had something to get off his chest.
“Sorry. I'm just tired of the talk. You know? It never goes away.”
“I'm confused Kris.”
“Nobody said a darn thing when we were together. Nobody warned me he was messed up. And when we broke it off, or I should say, I broke up with him, everyone scattered to the wind. These people aren't my friends if they run away when I need them.”
Dale seemed unprepared to hear Kris's rant. 
“Well I just wanted to make sure you're okay now.”
Kris put a hand on her hip, brushing her hair back.
“Okay. I mean, I'm okay.”
“You're seeing someone new?”
Kris took a deep breath.
“Yes.”
“The new hired gun?”
“Yes. Got a problem with that?” Kris pretended to glare at him.
“He's got a history. Or so I'm told.” Dale chose his words carefully. Kris studied his torqued expression, the little gray whiskers on his chin glistened in the sun.  Instinctively Kris felt the urge to defend her private life but she felt abnormally slow minded today.  
“I have a history too,” Kris said.
“Don't we all.” Dale seemed satisfied with the chat. He motioned to another area of clutter for her to clean. Kris tried to  silently empathize with Boss. He was only looking out for her. She didn't know what history or rumors he was talking about, and she didn't want spend one more second thinking about such garbage.
“Any news on the attacks?” Kris changed the subject.
“No. But I'm the last to know anything.”
“Right. Me too.”
“They're making a bigger fuss about this than it needs to be.”
“You be careful, though.” Kris grinned at him. Dale snorted. Lifting the side of his shirt he revealed a  small black firearm tucked neatly in a worn leather holster fastened to the side of his waist.  Patting it with three fingers, he flashed a brief smile.
“Ah. I see. ” Kris didn't approve. Another gun. Were things that desperate? People going around ready for vigilante justice?
Witnessing Kris's discomfort, Dale hunted for something polite to say but Kris staved off his attempt. 
“Don't worry about it.” She lugged the heavy bucket up the walkway. “I'm gonna get to those menus.” 

~ ~ ~
Attending a round table cluttered with plates, uneaten food, and spilled beverages, Kris paused to wipe the side of her face with the back of her hand.  She grasped a pile of dirty napkins and stuffed them into her apron. 
Raina's voice bellowed from the bustling entry of the dining hall. Intent on gaining Kris's attention, she yelled out. Kris abruptly ran over to the crowded waiting area. Children were screaming and misbehaving. A  line of guests was beginning to spill through the outer door. 
“Oh, whoops!”  A lady fashioned with gold jewelry, and bright red fingernails bumped into Kris spilling half a glass of wine. 
“No problem.” Kris forced a fake smiled. Turning back to Raina, she rolled her eyes in disgust. Acknowledging   the situation Raina motioned to slit her own throat with her finger. She quipped at another guest that their wait would be another 30 minutes. 
“So what's up?” Kris approached
“Adam's looking for you. He's out back.” 
Kris stared blankly at Raina in disbelief.
“Don't look at me that way. He's been bothering everyone this morning looking for you,” Raina said.
“Why doesn't he come out here? He knows I'm on the dining floor?” Kris pushed back long unruly strands of hair.
“He's acting like he's going to die if he doesn't see you.”  Raina turned her attention back to the guests. 
“Shit.” Kris walked back to the table she had been working on and finished cleaning. Adam would have to wait. It was already 4:45 PM, fifteen minutes past the end of her shift. Kris pulled the elastic band from her ponytail. Scooping all her loose iridescent hair back into bun, she ignored the issue of Adam and started working on another dirty table. 
Thirty minutes after scrubbing so hard her fingers ached, Kris was headed to the kitchen with a large tray. It was over loaded with dishes and silverware. Kris kicked open the swinging kitchen doors. Dumping the assortment onto the stainless counter, she grabbed a white terry cloth rag. 
Suspiciously eying Adam way off to her left, Kris felt pins stab her lower back. 
“Where's Joseph?” Kris hoped to stave off whatever twisted attention Adam was about to unleash. Large amounts of water was dripping onto the floor. She bent down trying to mop some of it.
“The fuck if I know!” Adam said.
Kris paused, peering at him.
“Well then where's Dale?” 
“In back.” Adam yelled.
“What did you say?” 
Adam smirked, yanking on the large faucet handle. Wiping his hands on his stained apron, he approached Kris.
“I said, he's in back.” Voice lower, Adam leaned against the counter and crossed his arms.
“Why are you bothering everyone today?” Kris decided to get it over with. She wrung out the rag and tossed it on the steel shelf above.
“I don't know what you mean,” Adam said.
“Raina is pretty annoyed with you. If you need me for something why don't you march your ass out onto the floor? Or is that too much work?”
“Funny babe. And I don't care about your whore-friend.”
Kris rubbed her brow. “Let's pretend we aren't going to fight. What did you want?” 
“To have a nice relaxing dinner with you tonight,” Adam said.
“Excuse me? Dinner?” Kris shot him a look of burly annoyance and left without answering. 
Adam knew this game. He could wear her down eventually. She would get so crabby and emotional. Lashing out at the Ranger was the likely outcome if Adam could get her riled up enough. If he could just hold out a little while longer.

~ ~ ~
Finally around five o'clock the crew from the next shift arrived and the washer Joseph made an entrance, ranting about confusion with his schedule.  Raina fled the moment the other hostess took over while Adam disappeared out the back of the kitchen before the boss could try and commit him to stay longer. 
Kris gazed at her tired face in the mirror of the small employee bathroom.  Joints aching and skin sticky from  sweating all day, she rummaged through her backpack pulling out a hair brush and makeup. After splashing ice cold water on her face multiple times, Kris wriggled out of her soiled work attire and pulled on a long, light blue cotton dress. The garment much too long according to Raina's fashion assessment several days ago.  Thin straps ran over her shoulders, exposing her upper back. Kris stood motionless with nerves beginning to surface. 
Was it this necessary to soften up her appearance just to further the unwavering attention from a man? Perhaps she could just suck it up and deal with it. Kris was used to  practical attire living and working in White Rock. She hardly wore anything but running tights, long sweatshirts, fleece and the occasional ripped and faded jeans. 
Kris plopped down on a small red stool with a ripped top and missing foam. She clasped her shaking hands together. Too bad Adam left in such a hurry. A quick drink of whiskey from his flask would of helped with her anxiety.  Swearing softly under her breath, Kris pulled on some flimsy shoes and stood once more.  
Shoving all her items back into her pack, she left the bathroom and exited the hall through the service entry in the kitchen.  Avoiding attention from other co-workers was paramount. The probability of snide comments,  whistling and wolf calls was high. Surely the secret was out in the open about her and Michael. Sudden images of the previous night flooded her. 
Once outside she caught herself before tripping over some sticks. Kris warned herself to get it together.  Unsure if this meeting was a date or commonly referred to as a hook up, Kris couldn't shake the anxiety welling up inside. Michael's note didn't mention dinner, or coming to his place, or going for a hike. It was short and open to interpretation; Wait by the roundabout after work. He could still be on shift and just wanting to say hello. Kris took a deep breath. If at the very least Michael saw her in some appealing attire, it would have a lasting effect in his mind. She was falling for him. The insecurities of it were exhausting. 
Relationships in the park started fast and ended fast. It was a microcosm of many things and White Rock employees didn't have the luxury of time when it came to getting to know someone. By the end of the season, the majority of workers were out of a job and left the park until the next year. A few would stay to work the long and cold winter season. There were fewer positions during those months. Kris didn't know if Michael was year-round, but she was not. Before meeting him she was pretty determined to end her long term job with the park and not return next season. Five long years seemed like an eternity. She couldn't do this forever. At some point having a regular place to live with running water and an attached bathroom and getting far away from Adam, overtook the desire to stay at White Rock. 
Now things were slightly different. A new man had entered her life. Whether it a brief affair or lasting relationship, what would transpire could affect her intention to leave.
Kris veered from the main path, traipsing over pine needles and thick ferns toward the roundabout. Her normally pale cheeks were flushed bright red. The stupidity and impracticality of wearing flimsy, inept shoes seemed vastly ridiculous.  Kris swore softly under her breath. This wasn't a shopping mall or day at the beach, this was the outdoors. Wilderness. A national park.  The gravel roundabout was a mile north of the dining hall, mainly uphill.  Angling further away from the trail to avoid bumping into anyone familiar, Kris tightened the shoulder straps to her backpack and forced her feet to move faster over the uneven ground. 
Finally reaching the dense cover of the thick evergreen trees, Kris paused. Blinking and listening to the distance echoes of cars and people, she reached up, threaded a finger into elastic band holding her hair and gently tussled it free. Waves of fair blond hair tumbled down around her shoulders. Ahead she eyed the old wooden posts of the trail leading to staff showers. The circular roundabout was near. 
Kris's pace slowed. She could see Michael's white truck   through the trees before her. Heart picking up speed, Kris felt a long nylon strap of her shoulder harness tickling the side of her upper leg. She paused. A cool breeze laced with campfire smoke drifted past. 
An unyielding thread of reservation cropped up once more.  Thoughts of the their previous encounter flashed to the forefront of her mind yet again.  If this were to be another encounter between them, if bodily flesh was exposed, savored, ravished, Kris was going to make damn sure she wouldn't be intoxicated. She was still fighting the ill effects of so much reckless alcohol consumption of last night. This Ranger need not assume her to be a drunkard or whimsical lush. 
Whatever, Kris. Stop thinking! She yanked on her pack and started walking.  The dirt road crunching under her feet, she strode up to the side of his truck. Kris felt one of her knees start to jitter uncontrollably. Torquing a thin strand of hair, she peered through the open window. 
He was speaking in deep commanding tones to someone on the other end of a radio. A scraggly female voice kept interrupting and reporting back. Whatever was going on, it didn't sound good.  Kris fingered the strap  of her backpack waiting for him to notice her.  
“I understand.” Michael spoke into a radio. He grasped a bunch of papers and tossed them onto the dashboard. He motioned for her to enter the truck. Kris quietly opened the door and pulled herself up onto the seat. 
“Beth, I already stated my position on this. You wanted my input but aren't paying attention at all.” 
“And I appreciate your concern. I think at this point, it's overkill and unnecessary to bring more security into White Rock.”
“Then what did you hire me for?”
“Look, I can see this is getting a bit personal, and I'd appreciate if you just kept it on a professional level.” 
“I'm just clarifying I'm to do next to nothing and continue on with parking control and writing tickets for wildlife harassment.”
“You have the report from the most recent meeting. Carry out the duties outlined within in and report any suspicious activity to the head office.” Beth's voice crackled through the radio.
“Fine.”
“I'm sorry, what was that?”
“Over and out.”  He then slammed the radio down hard into a holder on the dashboard. His mood was plainly obvious. Kris gritted her teeth smiling in unspoken support.
Michael reached over, smoothing his strong hand over the top of her leg. Goosebumps immediately traveled up her back. 
“It's nice to see you.”   
“That sounded painful.” Kris nodded at the radio.
“It usually is.”
“Sounds like a lot going on.” 
“Yes.” 
Kris grinned again. Apparently he was not about to discuss the details of the stiff interaction with Beth.
The intense heat radiating from him consumed her, hindering her mind. Michael adeptly kissed her neck, soft at first but quickly his desire escalated. Kris  let go a little. His mouth drifted over her skin with exotic motion. She put a hand up to the side of his face, running a finger along side his hungry mouth. Painstakingly pulling back, Michel touched the thin fabric of her dress draped over her legs.  
“You look nice.” His deep raspy words poured over.
“Thanks.” 
“Not standard issue dining hall uniform I take it?”
“Oh this? No. I brought a change of clothes today.” 
Swiftly he turned the ignition and the truck roared to life.  A warm breeze tousled her hair. Kris let out a long shaky breath as if she'd been holding it in for an eternity. With one hand on the steering wheel Michael brought the truck around the sharp circular drive and accelerated out of the staff camp.
Bits and pieces of conversations burst out of the radio intermittently. Kris was intrigued but thankful for some disruption. She let her head rest against the seat-back and soon fought off the heavy urge to close her eyes. In the absence of conversation between she and Michael, fatigue and weariness took over. 

Chapter Eleven

“Fuck.” Adam spat violently at the ground. 
“Something wrong, Adam?” A familiar voice spoke.
Adam jerked and spun around. Randy Duncan approached holding a portable music player in one hand and a soda in the other. Adam, being a strange character the majority of the time, provided a certain level of amusement to Randy. Here was Kris's weird ex-boyfriend caught again in some strange behavior. Randy yanked a small speaker bud out of his ear.
“No,” Adam shot Randy a look of disgust, “nothing is wrong.” 
Randy narrowed his eyes while his peaceful demeanor remained steadfast.
“What the fuck are you doing?” Adam  asked.
Randy took a long drink of his soda. 
“Going home. Maybe you should too.”  He put the little speaker back in his ear and continued his slow progression towards camp. 
Adam gruffly muttered an unintelligible comment and strode off in a different direction. 
The moment before reaching Adam and the section of  trail lined heavily with pine saplings and thick brush, Randy had caught a faint sight of Kris's blond head. Obviously she was meeting up with that Ranger. The  one person that prickled Adam's jealousy. Randy was glad she was at least testing out the waters with someone else. Unfortunately Adam's foul mood and stalking behavior  signaled ongoing problems for her.  Randy made a mental note to bring forth this issue with Raina. Perhaps they both needed to have an intervention with Adam. 

~ ~ ~

Michael braked quickly and turned into the Black Creek trail head parking lot. The area was jammed full of cars and tourists. 
“Sorry. I need to take care of this.” Michael quickly pulled up alongside a row of cars which were illegally jammed too close together. Grabbing his hat, he jumped out of the truck cab and slammed the door. 
“No problem.” Kris was a bit horrified at such a clogged scene. Familiar with the ongoing traffic control duties of park rangers,  she found herself confirming why she usually stayed clear of these busier tourist regions.
The bustling scene instantly took on an attentive upswing as Michael's commanding presence became noticed. Kris couldn't hear the exchange of words over the sound of the idling diesel truck engine, but clearly Michael demanded respect from the obvious rule breakers. A balding, overweight gentleman was gesturing wildly with his arms in the direction of the packed parking lot. Kris could only assume his rant centered on the unavailability of spaces. Michael was having none of it, instructing the man to move his illegally parked car. The bald man only grew more and more red in the face about to explode. Kris could imagine that even the most arrogant of park visitors would be no match in the wake of Michael's intimidating demeanor. Having never seen him lose his temper or grow demonstratively angry, Kris assumed his persuasion lay in his calm but assertive nature. It didn't escape her either that he had a distinct habit of resting his right hand on the butt of his firearm fastened securely at his side.   
 Finally, Michael climbed back into the idling truck. Throwing the gear shift into drive, he headed out of the busy lot slowly surveying for other infractions.
Satisfied the scene was dealt with appropriately, he braked hard and caused Kris to grasp the door handle.  
“451. Northeast. Vehicles blocking a restricted area.” Michael spoke into the radio.
“Copy, Michael. 10-4.” Damon Jerr's response crackled over the airway.
“I issued a warning. Damon you might want to see if they move in about 15 minutes. Unlikely to comply.” 
“Sending someone over there now.” Damon confirmed, after a small chuckle.
“That earlier 10-57 get cleaned up?” Michael accelerated the vehicle.
“505 affirmative, Michael. PRD clear.” 
Pause.
“Copy that. 10-10 PRD.” Michael placed the radio back on the dashboard holster.
“What happened?” Kris was highly curious. She understood some of the lingo commonly heard over the park radios. Michael had just told Damon he was now off duty for awhile. PRD stood for Park Radio Dispatch and Damon was usually on the other end. A '505' was something related to bad or reckless driving. Kris did not know the 10-57 was. 
“Someone put a car in the river.” 
“Blacks?” Kris frowned. The infamous Black Creek was anything but a creek. Running seasonally high with snow melt, it twisted its way through the middle of the park with deep eddies and strong undercurrents. Many tourists entering White Rock were met with its beckoning rapids cascading over sparkling white granite. The edges of the river were very soft and degraded from auto and foot traffic.  The main bridge being so narrow over Black Creek,  claimed several cars each season.
“Some jerk flew over the bridge and lost control. Lucky he didn't lose his life,” Michael said.
“Great. I suppose nobody can read.” Kris referred to the multitude of big bright yellow signs warning of narrow road travel.
“We had to bring in a big tow from Matherville,”  Michael said, veering down a dirt road. Posted signs warned Employees only. No public access. The truck growled forcefully along. The sides brushed against thick white fir branches from outstretched trees. 
“Can I ask where we're going?” Kris kept an eye out the window, but glanced at his stoic facial expression.
“You seemed a bit sleepy before,” he said.
“Yeah?” Kris brushed her hair back. Apparently nothing escaped notice with him.
Passing over a small wood bridge they came upon the historical Sekonee Lodge. Michael parked around back and killed the engine. His mood lightened as he turned to face her.
“Hungry?” he asked, grabbing a duffel bag from the rear seats. Kris nodded. Her painfully empty stomach stirred at the very mention of food.  She couldn't deny the fact, she was a bit impressed. The Sekonee  was reservation only for dinner. It was the only exclusive building in the park. World famous for its menu and lodging.  Kris happily slid out of the truck and took Michael's outstretched hand wondering what else he had in mind that evening. 

~ ~ ~

The notorious Terri White stubbornly paused. Sparkling pink fingertips tapped impatiently on a weathered sign post.  
“See this? We need to turn around now. I'm not walking up that!”
“I have flashlights,” said a male voice, “we'll be fine.”
“Yeah but I really don't want to be hiking in the freaking dark.” Terri thrust her hands up. She was regretting her decision to go along with this idiot. Earlier he was  game to  hook up and kick back with a few drinks. Terri  ended up on this blasted hike instead. 
Her partner stopped, body slumped to one side in the middle of the trail ahead of her.
“Hey!” Terri called, “Hey!” 
After waiting several minutes for a response she called out once more.
“This is so lame. I'm going back. You go on ahead. I'm outta here.” 
She stumbled and flicked her fire engine red hair back over her shoulder.
“Besides, Jake is making Margaritas.  I don't know about you but I'm down with that.”  Fucking weirdo, Terri thought, straining to see in the dim light.  
She began talking to herself uttering complaints as mosquitoes annoyingly buzzed her ears and sharp pine branches poked at her bare shoulders. 
“This is not what I expected.” Terri said, gingerly stepping over rocks and branches.
“Really?” A low response came from behind her. 
“What the hell?” she frowned, “You're so creepy. Hasn't anyone told you that? I'm going back. I thought we were going to go fuck around. Not hike. I'm not walking my butt up that hill.” Terri brushed some dirt off her cropped pants. Carefully she navigated several steps backward in the direction from which they had just come.
“Wanna give me a blow job then?” he said. 	
Terri glanced back, flashing him an evil smirk.  
“You'd like that now, wouldn't you? I ain't drunk enough for that shit.” She snorted and continued on. 
He was not amused. Excitement warped into uncontrollable rage. Stupid whore, he thought. Should of known better that she wouldn't put out. He threw his day pack to the ground and launched at her from behind.
Sharp, forceful pain struck Terri's backside. She met the dirt in a ferocious thud, her chin absorbing the blow and  gritty bits filling her mouth. In shock over what was taking place, she screamed out. A hiking boot landed firmly into her rib cage rendering her breathless.  Another assault to the side of her face denied her ability to see. Spitting blood, she gasped for air and tried scooting backward away from the threat. Her first thought of a black bear attack seemed most likely.  White Rock employees were trained to lay flat and play dead but she was in excruciating pain and disoriented. Someone, not some thing, had stepped upon her. How was that possible?
Looming tall above his prize, the perpetrator gazed down in disgust. It was all a lack of respect he thought. This bitch had it coming to her.  
Terri held a hand to one side her of her face as blood dripped down through her fingers. Terror gripped her.
“No. No, no!”  she yelled out but her voice was uncooperative. Terri scrambled to get up.
“I won't say anything. Please – let me go.” She pleaded.
“Shut up.” Grasping a large hunting knife with a black handle, he bent down quickly. Her filthy blood was all over the trail. She had to be moved fast. 
“Please. Please.” She reached out desperately, “You can't do this – don't do this!”  
Surges of white hot delicious adrenaline led him forward, just like all the other times. It was easy to succumb. In moments it would all be over and his head would stop pounding. Justice would be done. Eradicating another worthless lying whore wasn't going to make one bit of difference in the world. Nobody would miss her. Nobody missed the other ones. 
Methodically he began the dismantling of her clothes, cutting through fabric with his sharp blade. If any stray pieces of fabric or material was left behind on the trail his  identity would be compromised. Nothing could be left to chance. 
Small  noises emitting from Terri were increasing so swiftly he silenced her with a slash to her throat. His bloodshot eyes surveyed the naked body lying in the darkening forest. 
Breathing erratically,  he whispered confidently, “I don't think you're having any Margaritas tonight.”

~ ~ ~
Kris frowned at an impatient girl standing next to the table.
“Can I take this? Are you done?” The yellow-haired waitress bore a cold stare at Kris.
Michael had excused himself to the restroom.  Kris glanced in the direction of the grand hallway then back down at her plate of half eaten food.
“No thanks,” Kris said.
A glitzy fake smile spread across the buxom girl's face. She didn't fit the part of restaurant service in a majestic setting. Kris imagined her more suited to a seedy all night diner or inner city cafe.  
“And his?” The waitress grasped the edge of Michael's empty plate.  
“Go for it.” Kris raised an eyebrow. Maybe giving this stacked beauty a task would get her the hell away from the table. Throughout the meal the eager waitress kept popping up, pouring water into glasses that were three quarters full and slowly placing French rolls into the bread basket. 
 Michael's attitude was polite but also hard to read. Kris felt a growing knot of unease. 
Minutes later Michael rejoined Kris. They were seated next to large windows with sweeping views of the river and valley. Kris nervously brushed tiny wrinkles out of the white tablecloth.
“Sorry,” he said.
“No problem.” Kris took a sip of ice water.
“Technically I'm off duty finally. Unless some emergency comes up.” His voice ended sharply. 
Kris felt her cheeks grow warm.  Uniform gone, Michael wore a white short sleeve tee shirt. So commonplace to see him in formal starched green attire, Kris was caught up in the  humanized appearance of Michael. He leaned back against the chair assessing Kris's perplexed doe eyed expression. 
“Does it bother you?” 
“Does what bother me?” She feigned a normal vocal tone. Pushing her plate away, she fidgeted with the silverware.
“My weapon,” Michael said and folded his arms.
 Kris had not noticed before. But she did now. He was still carrying a gun. Her gaze quickly settled upon his right hip. She blushed instantly. The revelation of his firearm coupled with the placement of the darn thing was unsettling. Staring directly at his midsection became unavoidable and she was at a loss for words. Perhaps he was toying with her.
“Does it disturb you?” he asked.
Kris swallowed hard immediately ashamed of internally torquing his words into a sexual connotation. 
“No.” 
“I  thought guns bothered you. Guess I was picking up on something else.” 
Kris smiled as warmly as she could. If he only knew her actual thoughts. Kris didn't feel like herself. She was about to attempt a witty comment but the bimbo waitress was heading straight for the table.
“Michael can I get you anything else tonight?” Her words dripped with a smug attitude.
“No, we're fine.” Michael responded but  didn't take his eyes off Kris's soured expression.
“Uh, I'm Sandi. With an i at the end.” 
“Thanks, Sandi,” he said.
“Haven't I seen you before?” Sandi was stubbornly reluctant to leave.
Kris recognized a foul game when she saw one. This waitress-louse had every intention of sucking Michael toward her bubbly little sex kitten personality. 
“Probably. I'm a Park Ranger here.” He glanced up at her brimming face momentarily.
Kris's lips were tightly drawn together. She was not confident enough in her knowledge of Michael to differentiate whether he was being polite or faking tolerance with this nymph. 
“Oh.” Sandi half giggled. Kris failed to find anything funny about this situation.  Finally at a loss for  intelligent things to spew past her pink lips, Sandi moved off but not far. She started gathering  dishes from the empty adjacent table.
“I'm pretty tired,” Kris said. Her mind was spinning and torn with conflicting emotions. Old thorny memories of Adam's rude flirtations with suggestive females surged to the forefront of her mind. He claimed he never cheated. She couldn't find much weight behind the rumors that he was at the time they were together. But trusting a man was not easy. The rational section of her brain was trying to sort out the differences between Michael and Adam. It was quite stupid to compare them both.  Kris was struck with the urge to go home and bring the evening to an end. 
“Coffee didn't do it's trick?” Michael observed the empty white cup in front of her. 
Kris stared heavily at the mug  tracing he finger along  the porcelain handle. She had to concede she was unfairly  interlacing her past with the present. Michael deserved the benefit of the doubt.  But Kris couldn't shake her irritation regarding Sandi the waitress.  Coupled with the rumors he was fucking Beth Taylor,  Kris wondered if she stood in a pile of quicksand.
“I need to work tomorrow. Early.”  Obviously a lame excuse. He would see right through. 
“I thought you said you don't go in until noon.” Michael refreshed her memory.
Kris gazed blankly at him.  The truth would be the best route, but she felt caught. 
The lodge hall radiated with warm candle light and soft conversation. It was getting late and guests were dwindling  Quite the contrast from the bustling Willow Camp hall. Kris's attention drifted out past the huge windows. Filtered bands of fleeting sunlight trickled through pine branches. Kris imagined excusing herself right then. It would be a nice walk back to camp. Long enough to mull things over. 
“Thank you for dinner.” Kris gave a courteous smile,  searching for the right words leading to her departure.
“Kris.” Michael's tone sent instant shivers down her back. 
Hell, don't make me look at you...please. Kris grappled for a quick and clean departure.
“You didn't put on that dress for just any reason,” he said.
Kris fought to keep her eyes away from his piercing stare.  He had a magnetic way of drawing her in. Kris couldn't deny she was curious to spend more time with him but perhaps another day. 
“I hear Red Devil Cliffs are beautiful at sunset.” If complimenting her appearance wasn't going to work, then sparking her interest with the outdoors was worth a shot. At any rate, he could tell she was very tense. 
Surprised at the mention of the cliffs, Kris rejoined eye contact with him and  fiddled with the edge of her napkin.
“Yeah I guess.” 
“Have you been up there?”
“Are you suggesting some type of night hike?” 
“No,” Michael said, shifting in his chair.
“You do realize it's an 8 mile hike to the top?” 
“I didn't say anything about hiking.” He toyed with some silverware as if they were chess pieces. 
Kris grimaced and tried to think. 
“You're talking about the forest service road? It's blocked by two gates. And very narrow.”
Finally a bit of spunk came from her. Michael knew by playing around a little bit especially with her knowledge of the park she would emerge from her shell. 
“Yes. Gates. Funny thing.” He leaned to the side and produced a large set of keys from his jeans pocket.
Kris folded her arms knowing what was coming next. 
“You want to go drive up there? Tonight? Is that the reason for the gun?”  She glanced at his hip. 
“Hmm.” Michael half smiled secure in his earlier assessment but he wasn't going to pursue her fear of weaponry. Not tonight.
“What?” Kris asked, a bit prickly over his smug expression.
“We can go stare at the full moon or something.” 
 “Of course. The moon.” Perhaps he was really just like all slimy men. A night crawler with a dirty agenda on his mind.
“I'll take you back to your cabin if that's what you want,” Michael said. Perhaps it was all too much for her to handle.  He wasn't about to twist her arm to stay out and about.
Kris breathed out heavily. Would he drive her back if she wished? Was she making a bigger deal out of nothing?  Thoughts of returning to the damp little camp and her rotting cabin were not desirable. The possibility of running into Adam in a horny mood or drunk caused her to  rethink going on a stupid night drive to the cliffs. She was a little curious to see what it was like at night.
“Okay, never mind. I'll go,” Kris said.
“You'll be safe. Don't worry.”
“That so?”
“Well the Pentagon and FBI think so.”
“Great.” Kris snorted, figuring he was kidding. 
“Hurry. Sandi with an “i” is coming back.” He smiled.
“Shit.” Kris swore under her breath.
Michael got up and shoved his chair up to the table. 
Clumsily, Kris back out of her chair and nearly fell. She wobbled about for a split second until a very powerful hand slid under her arm.  
“I'm not crippled.” 
Michael leaned down,  his lips barely grazing her ear and whispered some choice words. 
Kris's heart lurched. The brief but erotic conveyance from him provided an instantaneous rush of  adrenaline.  
She was quite sure he was some night crawler with a very dirty agenda.
“Shall we?” He gently lead her across the grand hall of the Sekonee Lodge. Kris hoped nobody she knew was watching. Except maybe Sandi with the 'i'.

~ ~ ~
Raina breezed along the narrow path practically skipping. Word traveled fast around camp that Kris was off on a date with the sexy new Ranger. 
Adam was seething with disgust and partial embarrassment at learning how far the information had traveled in such a short period of time.
“Hey Adam. Where you been? Missed ya at dinner” 
Adam muttered foul words under his breath meagerly acknowledging the short haired little freak. 
“Where's Kris?!” Enough time had passed and Kris should have returned by now. 
Raina twisted around briefly, throwing up her hands.
“I don't know!” 
“Wench.” Adam hissed, but she was too far out of range. Annoyed he stopped at the shower hut, checking  for any sign of Kris. No such luck. What could be taking so long? His mind didn't fully want to know. 
It was a murky hot evening in the valley. Earlier thunderstorms left behind elevated humidity in the region and a proliferation of aggravating bugs. Adam continued on until reaching the cabins. He slowed his pace lighting a cigarette and clicked off a small head lamp. He preferred the cloak of darkness. 
“Hi Adam.” A familiar voice caught him off guard. Adam flinched, instantly bothered by the intrusion. At the top of some steps of a ratty cabin, Randy Duncan sat quietly. Heavy pine tree branches were drooping over the roof. The porch light was broken so instead Randy had a small lantern by his side. 
Adam scowled. He didn't like surprises and he really didn't care for Randy. This was the second time today of running into this freak. Randy's cabin was on the very edge of a long row at the opposite end of Kris's place. Adam desired the location because it was removed from the clatter of the camp and seclusion was highly desirable to him. After losing his job with the park's trash removal service he had no choice but to take the assigned quarters in the middle of camp. 
Kris got him the job with the Willow Camp Lodge and he quickly learned that living centralized and close to her had great benefits. Those perks were dissipating rapidly now as a new male moved in on his territory. With her focus on a slimy affair, the bastard Ranger would be coming around a lot and poking his head where it didn't belong.
“Randy.” Adam  gave a stern nod and kept on walking. 
Amused, Randy watched the lanky jerk saunter off into the dark. He took a sip of red wine from a little titanium  cup and turned his attention back to weaving brightly colored cords together. A project that would hopefully remedy growing problems with  frustrating nature walks and misbehaved children. He hummed to himself while cutting more cord and thinking about a variety of things. Adam appeared quite run down and disheveled. Maybe he'd been on one of his little explorations. Kris used to talk about Adam's weird travels off trail into the woods. Randy was pretty knowledgeable about all the surrounding hikes and back country. Seldom had he encountered Adam over the years in any of the remote or popular areas. But that was another amusing aspect of Adam Hoth. His mysterious, petulant ways. 

~ ~ ~
“Ungrateful bitch” Adam found himself perspiring heavily and anger growing. Kris was nowhere in  camp, and he couldn't prevent his mind from visualizing the reasons why. That ranger!  Adam longed to turn them both in to the park administration for breaking obvious rules. Kris, or any lowly park worker, was absolutely not allowed at the headquarter camps above Sekonee Lodge. Breaking the rules resulted in strict punishment. Since the head admin Beth seemed to be forgoing her own set of regulations it was doubtful that blowing the whistle on Kris's stupid Ranger would have any recourse. The very thought of Kris with that prick turned Adam's stomach. Reaching the end of an abandoned row of rotting cabins, Adam stepped down heavily on overgrown ferns and dead tree branches.  He was now in the ghost camp.
Deciding the best course of action caused him great strife. Two options weighed on his mind. Either  wait at her cabin until she returned or show up very early  in the morning. She had to return at some point tonight. 
 Pulling out a slim flask he took a swift drink and threw down his backpack on a porch with gaping holes in the boards.  These cabins would never be used again. The park service was too cheap to tear them down let alone replace them with new ones. Adam threw some items from his pack into the gaping void of the porch. He liked his privacy and didn't need a bunch of bums rummaging through his personal stuff. 
Adam lit another cigarette and entered the forest. If he traversed a little creek and crossed a debris field of boulders he would arrive unannounced at the backside of  Kris's cabin. She had a cot on the porch if memory served. And waiting  was his specialty.
~ ~ ~
Kris tightly grasped the interior door handle of the truck once again. It was a rough ride and Michael did not hesitate in accelerating up the steep dirt road. 
He slammed down on the brake and the truck skidded to an abrupt halt. Aware of Kris's  apprehension, he was mindful not to say or do anything  that would send her into an emotional exodus. 
Carnal desires flooding every fiber of his being were increasingly hard to suppress. From the moment Kris timidly slipped into the cab of his truck back at Willow Camp Michael had wrestled with restraint. Caught in a sensory firestorm Michael craved to do things that weren't human.  Maintaining his civility and proving he wasn't a sex craved monster was unbearably challenging. He knew Kris desired him as well but she was either really good at playing coy or she was held back by fear and perhaps inexperience.
Physically she was very alluring. A rapturous deviation from ordinary females. Emotionally and intellectually, Kristjana portrayed the type of girl he longed for yet rarely became involved with. On some level he'd convinced himself that a man like him with his tainted past did not deserve a nice girl. A girl unscathed by domineering, aggressive males. Untouched by the ugliness of the world and violence that few experience in a lifetime. She was by no means innocent but lacked the seasoned corruptness he was used to in many females. Whether or not Kris was flirting with him Michael was vexed by her subtleties. Sometimes it was the tone of her words or the way she toyed with her her hair or how she seemed to mentally blank out every so often.
Her long glistening blond locks begged at him. Rarely did he observe her tresses to be tightly bound or restricted. She allowed her hair  to cascade down her back or around her shoulders, unhampered. Feeble attempts at putting her hair up usually resulted in half of it falling back down.
Passing through Willow Camp early  in the season Michael often took pause when spotting Kris on a break from work or sitting in the sun. Sometimes she chose a quiet hill that overlooked the creek running through camp.  Half her hair would be loosely piled on top her head and the rest blowing softly in the breeze. Quite a few times he entertained the thought of joining her out on those grassy slopes. Yet he never did. 
Kris's resistance at this little excursion to  Red Cliffs was assuredly out of the distrust she had for him.  Perhaps the remote location away from the security of the valley was unsettling to her. 
“Tell me something?” Kris asked.
Michael glanced over, intrigued. He slowly smoothed his touch over the back of her hand and slid his fingers underneath her warm palm.
“Sure,” he said.
Kris blinked with heavy eyes. The weight and warmth of his hand on top of hers was distracting.
“You take many dates up here?” 
“I don't take dates anywhere.”
“What does that mean?”
“I really don't date.”
“Hmm. As I suspected.” Kris glanced out the window.
“I make you nervous.” Michael stated with acute  precision. He felt a slight tremble from her. 
“At first you did.” Even if she could find the words to enlighten him she really didn't want to put forth the energy in explanations. 
“You always catch me off guard. And on a bad day,” she said.
“Are you thinking it's a mistake to pursue this?” 
“I'm not sure what this is. And if it can be called a pursuit.” 
“Are you afraid of me?” Micheal slipped his hand between her lower back and the seat gently coaxing her to scoot closer. 
Kris shook her head at the question. “I wouldn't say afraid is the right term.”
“How about last night?” 
“Last night?” 
“Were you afraid then?” He asked.
Kris rubbed her forehead.
“Because I was under the influence of alcohol I was many things.” 
“Would you like me to find something for you to drink now?” Michael offered.
“Sure. There's gotta be a bar up here somewhere,” Kris said, trying to lighten the mood. “Maybe I've given the wrong impression though.”
Michael thought for a few moments. “I think I've got a few things figured out.” 
“Oh, like what?” 
“Tell me that what I whispered into your ear, didn't turn you on. Perhaps I have labored under the wrong impression” Michael challenged gently. His annoyingly strong instincts hinted at a different premise.
“It was very vivid,” Kris evaded his question. She didn't want to truthfully answer him. In actuality Kris couldn't get the comment out of her mind. Back at the restaurant his little sexually devious whisper ignited her curiosity. But it produced anxious concerns as well.
“Makes me wonder what kind of women you're used to.” 
“You are wondering, or worried?” He asked.
“Both.”
“It's not something you need to worry about.” Clearly she was  fixated on this issue. Something obviously from her past produced warning signals in her mind.
“I can be a tease at times without realizing it.” Tossing her hair back, she peered over at him, eager to gage his response.
“Sit here.” He patted his legs. 
“You want me to sit on you?” 
“Yes,” he said.
“What if I said no?
“Then say it.” Michael challenged.
Kris complied in an awkward move to straddle him.  It should have been a rather cozy position. Instead the intense eye contact with him was a bit tense and uncomfortable.
“You're not a flirt or a tease.” With a hand sliding up her arm he fingered the shoulder strap to her dress and coaxed it down.  His other hand slipped behind her neck, pulling her  lips to his for only a moment.
Eyes piercing hers, his voice morphed into a deeply fervid tone.
“You're a enchantress of sorts.  Your little ways tempt me heavily to want to do things I would never normally think of with a girl like you.” Then he forcibly mated his mouth to hers. Kris slowly collapsed into him grasping the sides of his shirt. This enchantress assessment was pure nonsense.  
Kris pulled back abruptly. A thick  object jutting from his side was painfully gouging her knee. Michael reacted to her discomfort immediately and yanked the harnessed firearm from the holster thrusting it on to the dashboard. Refocusing his attention, he grasped her hips and brought her firmly down against his thick male organ, pulsating in defiance beneath restrictive jean fabric.  She knew this was about to get out of hand quickly but there was something she needed to make clear. 
“Mr. Falkenrath you may think you have me all figured out either by your own arrogance or by an inflated ego.” Kris swallowed hard, “Don't try and sweet talk me with this enchantress shit. Slathering me with words to diffuse my reluctance is not how it works.” She was onto his little game of seduction.
Michael watched with a certain amusement.
Kris continued, “Listen here. You've contributed a great deal to my reservations but you have not successfully frightened me off.” 
He would either get mad at her noncompliance or view it as a challenge. Didn't matter though, she was testing him. 
Michael grappled with maintaining his self control once again. Her little fiery streak generated ideas of abandoning the slow foreplay and ripping her darn clothes off.  
“I'm quite at a loss for words.” Michael teased the fabric of her dress. Then ran a  finger along her brow and slowly down her cheek. 
“The only thing I wish to slather you with is the product of torrid passion that may certainly occur between us.” Taking her chin between his thumb and forefinger he spoke in a much deeper voice, “Don't assume you know me so well. Perhaps I was testing the waters in seeking a reaction from you.” 
Kris bore into his sultry gaze. “Then I have been mistaken.” 
Michael knew he wasn't scoring any points in the trust department and tried to squelch strong desires taunting his mind.
“You may not want to hear this.” He took her hand. 
“Another attempt to warn, seduce and confuse me?” Kris lightly expounded. She was under the impression he was still playing with her.
Michael decided it was the right time. She needed to know he wasn't interested in just fooling around. And she had an important decision to make. 
“I was hired by Park Service this season because I am a trained killer. My methods are based from many years of experience in the military.” He paused searching for signs of fear in her large blue eyes. 
“I'm skilled in unconventional methods of taking out a   human being. I'm abrasive. Ruthless. I can find gray areas to legally take down a threat.” 
Kris was dumbfounded.
“If you think I haven't had grave reservations getting involved with you, you'd be very mistaken. I don't want to taint you with the darkness of my past,” Michael said.
Kris's throat ran dry. She'd heard one or two long unbelievable tales from Adam detailing all his stupid knowledge of the 'unconventional'. Adam was a skilled liar and manipulator. When they were in a relationship, she brushed off all the inconsistencies and crap. Later on, his bull shit was relentless. Kris  knew she was quite malleable back then and regretted believing his wild lies in the first place.   At this juncture in her life she was cautious about what males told her. She didn't have one reason not to trust Michael. Kris felt ashamed equating him with such a slimy bottom feeder like Adam.  
“Okay. I think I get it,” Kris said.
“I have been reluctant to open up. We have spent very little time together.  Perhaps it is better to warn you at this point and not go into detail.” He smoothed the goosebumps along her arm.
“That's a guy thing, not to open up. Nothing new to me.  I just pegged you as every other idiot man.”
“And now?”
“I don't know exactly. You were going on a minute ago about some temptress crap. Sweet talking. You know?”
“I am only calling it like I see it. I will sweet talk you all day long if you want. I want things you cannot imagine. Yet your innocence brings everything back to reality,” Michael said.
Kris slumped a bit in his lap. If he was trying to warn her off, it was only slightly working. She would trust in him based off his behavior for now.  Overall he seemed to have a soft side. He cared about her safety when a monster currently lurked in White Rock. Otherwise, why would he have walked her home after the last campfire? And after the party when she was so drunk, he could of worked that situation into something mostly benefiting himself. Yet he didn't. 
“Don't assume I'm that innocent.”  Kris saw a bit of substance to this self proclaimed malicious ranger.  Perhaps he did not feel worthy of her which of course was ridiculous, mostly because she felt the same way. 
“Okay I won't.” He would let her have her position on that for now. Kris need not know that she was a damn angel in his eyes in comparison to others from his past. 
“And I should tell you something,” Kris clenched his hand, “my father was in the military. Second Lieutenant in the US Army.” She looked down quickly, “He died overseas. I know he did crazy things, unspeakable things.  So don't try and scare me about what you've done. And don't tell me you're scared of tainting me either.” Kris stopped talking and peered at him.
Clouded in his own interest Michael had not considered Kris's past. He grasped both her hands and held them together between his own.
“Forgive me. I'm being selfish.”  
“I don't scare off easily.”  Kris leaned forward, nestling into his broad chest. Hearing his heart beating against her head  soothed the tense moment.
“I didn't bring you up here to discuss these types of matters, Kris. It's a conversation for another time. I'm sorry about your father.” He threaded his fingers into her hair. 

Chapter Twelve

Adam approached the darkened cabin. Carefully ascending the steps, so not to make noise, he unlatched his backpack and set it down on the porch.  Grasping the door handle stiffly, he gave it a turn. Locked. Fumbling around in his pockets he produced several little brass colored keys and tried them in the lock. 
Damn! She changed it! Adam spat furiously off the porch. The fact that she wasn't home either furthered his hostility.  
Breathing heavily he lit a cigarette and sat down against the front wall of the cabin, banging his head in disgust against the wood boards. He would let her have fun tonight. Get it out of her system. Hiking over to the law enforcement quarters on the other side the valley was the last thing Adam wanted to do. Instead he puffed away on his smoke, alternating with several long drinks from his flask. Kris would come back to him. He was the most patient and forgiving person she would ever know. He would wait because this fling with the ranger wasn't going to last. She would come crying back and he would be there to pick up the pieces. He closed his eyes enjoyed the blissful effects of the alcohol.

~ ~ ~

“Heya Randy what's up?” Raina strode by filled with her usual radiant enthusiasm.
Randy paused from a tattered book peering up at the familiar screechy voice and waved. 
“Were you looking for Kris too?” Randy asked.
Raina pounced up the steps and plunked down next to him. 
“Not really.” Raina placed her chin on his shoulder and looking down at his book.  Also at his side was a sketch pad filled with pencil drawings of various flowers, trees and grasses. Randy carefully lay down his pencil on the wooden step.
“Well, they want me to put together a new interpretive trail map. I was just putting some ideas on paper. Where you off to?” Randy put his arm around Raina.
“I don't know really. Did you say you were looking for Kris?” 
“No. But Adam was, earlier. Seemed to be angered  about something.” Randy rubbed the whiskers on his unshaven chin.
“He's such a creeper. Lately he's been real pissed. I'm sure it's because Kris is spending lots of time with the Ranger.” 
“I think so too. Kris went off with him earlier this evening. I came upon Adam hiding near the trail next to the roundabout. Like he was stalking Kris or something.”
“Oh yeah?” 
“He was all upset, you know how he gets,” Randy said.
“He acts like he's on a sniper hunt.” 
“Yeah. He was real pissed I was there. I said hello and went on my way. Then this evening he sulks by here asking where Kris was. Doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Adam knew already.”
“News travels fast around here.” Raina yawned.
“You want a beer or something?” 
“No thanks. Randy, you don't think Adam would do something bad to her do you?” 
Randy scratched his head and pushed back unruly wavy hair. “You mean like Adam hurting her? Physically?” 
“I guess. I mean I can't imagine that, but how do we know for sure?” 
“We don't know anything for sure.” 
“That's what I was thinking.”
“Kris still befriends him which doesn't help. She acts annoyed with him occasionally but kind of friendly, you know?” Randy stated what everyone had observed since last season. Kris was a a nice person but Adam's distorted ways produced a lot of guilt and enabling from her. 
“Adam took it so much harder than she did. I don't even know who first broke it off. But she ended up feeling bad for a long time after,” Raina said.
“Yea.” Randy remembered the debacle quite well.
“She's obviously moved on. But not him. He's fucked up in a hundred ways.” 
“He wants attention,” Randy said.
“I guess.” Raina snapped her gum. Tugging on a purple and black striped sweatshirt, she plodded slowly down the steps.  
“Headed off?” Randy closed his sketch book.
“I'm outta here. Catch you later.” Raina plodded down the steps and landed in the dirt.
“Bye.” Randy stood and stretched, then leaned against the porch railing, watching until he could no longer catch a glimpse of her. Entering his tiny cabin, he placed his notebook and pencil on a rickety shelf next to a jar of dried flowers. Kicking his shoes off and scooting them under the bed, he lay down slowly, pausing to flick on a radio. Casually reaching back, sliding one hand under the pillow, he felt for a long, sharp object. Satisfied it was still there, he closed his eyes, humming along with the tune on the radio. 

~ ~ ~
“It's surreal.” Kris took in deep breaths of cool night air, exhaling each one like a precious entity. “I have no idea why I've worked this long in the park and never been up here at night.” 
Michael carefully kept his distance a few yards away. Kris resembled a goddess the way the moon light glimmered off her hair and a breeze tickled her dress. Peering cautiously over a mammoth piece of jagged, glaciated granite, Kris found herself unexpectedly in awe. She was overcome by the tranquility but also the eerie notion of being at such a remote location at night. Edges of the treacherous cliffs were visible in the strange blue light of the moon. 
 The stress of the day, politics of the park, mindless work, and even the horrid attacks, melted into a blurry non existence.  For a few moments she forgot about her accompaniment and continued to to let her vision and senses adjust to the night. The daytime provided an abrasive vantage point, allowing a spectator with unparalleled vision of the popular Red Devil Cliffs. They dropped off to more than four thousand feet to the valley below. Metal handrails lined a rock path, but it wasn't clear to Kris where they lay in the darkness.
“How long have you known about this?” Kris pivoted around but as she did several loose rocks caught her flimsy shoe. Letting out a small squeaking noise, Kris clumsily sunk to the ground. 
“Dammit these rocks are fucking sharp.” 
“Granite tends to be that way. Come on. You're in a bunch of loose scree.” Michael swiftly  brought her upright.
“Shit. It hurts.” Annoyed, Kris reached for her foot, nearly losing balance. Growing a bit impatient, he reached down and scooped her up with little effort. 
“What are you doing?” Kris asked.
“Moving you to a better location.” He finally let her down underneath a small grove of pines. Her feet sunk into a soft bed of moss. Conveniently forgetting about her sore foot, she gazed up at Michael with large, glassy eyes. 
“Is this where you take advantage of me now?” Kris spoke in a quiet voice.
“Is that what you want?” Michael smoothed his hands around her shoulders and down her back, bringing her up close to his body.
“I think so,” Kris said.
“You, think so? Perhaps you'd better be sure.” He warned softly.
“And why is that?” 
“I'm not in possession of the same restraint as last night.” 
“Oh, you mean when you said you weren't going to make love to me?” 
“Yes.” Michael ground his teeth together, practically hissing. 
“Well, weren't you just the tease?” Kris gazed up, hardly able to see his expression through dark shadows.
“Then lay down.” His command was soft, gently coercing. 
“No.” Kris moved back slightly remembering the previous night and how Michael held back with her. Perhaps he restrained from desire because according to him, she was some innocent lass. He didn't want to unleash some mysterious sexual beast on her? Kris wasn't buying into it fully and she hated being misinterpreted. Pigeonholing her as innocent meant she was also naïve and therefore she couldn't help but rebel against such assumption. 
“Over here.” Kris slightly limped backward into a lanky Lodgepole pine tree. Most of the limbs were higher up on the trunk leaving a nice straight base. Shaking, she bumped into it. Rough bark scraped her skin. Sticks and underbrush crackled under Michael's firm steps as he approached. 
“What do you plan to do with the tree?” He asked. 
“Come here and find out.” Kris patted the trunk with a quivering hand. Intensifying amusement enveloped Michael. He complied with her wish but wasn't about to make things easy.
“What am I supposed to do with this?” He casually leaned against the tree. Thoughts of tying her to it plagued him. A damsel in distress in the forest.
Kris was one step ahead. She pushed him backward against the slender trunk. 
“Stay.” Kris grasped onto his tee shirt and pulled it free from his jeans.
“Uhm, Kris...” Michael reached for her.
“No. You stay,” she said. 
Michael remained silent on the surface. Deep within him raw excitement was brewing. 
Taking command was actually a nice change, Kris thought. Kissing his rock solid belly just above a steel belt buckle, she heard him orate a guttural sound. Ignoring him she pushed hard with the palm of her hand into his heated organ. The thick jean fabric poorly concealed his aroused state. Kris purposefully proceeded with her plot to turn the tables on him.
Un-threading his leather belt, she pushed it aside. She grasped a corner of fabric and the button which held the fly of his jeans together. Pulling it apart with her mouth was tricky but it came unbuttoned with a firm tug. Instantly Michael interwove his fingers into her hair. Kris clenched her eyes shut for a split second trying to gather courage. Grasping his zipper with her jittery fingertips Kris released the tight fabric encasing him. Michael was unable to remain still any longer. Kris nudged and pushed at him to stay put. Quickly she yanked down the front of his pants and took the head of his penis in her mouth. 
“Hell.” Michael met with pleasure filled agony. He could not have predicted this action from Kris but it was not a total shock. He was not going to be able to hold back for long  with her little dominatrix act.  Intensifying visions of filling her luscious mouth full of his fiery fluid only aroused him further. He was reaching an unconscious state of intense pleasure. Thoughts of stopping her were slipping away. 
Back and forth, over the top of his swollen head her lips went. Each time a lightening rod of carnal pleasure swelled within him.  
Kris suddenly squeezed him tightly at the base of his cock while sliding her tongue around the soft foreskin. She began constricting and releasing her hand faster and faster while still focusing on the tip of his rigid shaft. Uncontrollable muscle contractions slammed Michael.   Managing one hand to her shoulder, he pushed, commanding that she cease this oral copulation.  
“Kris. Stop.” The words were illogical to him but he knew it was the right thing.  Kris slowly retreated, vexed, and confused. 
Gazing back up at Michael, a painful shroud of embarrassment and confusion descended upon her face. Blushing bright pink, Kris scooted backward and eventually landed awkwardly on her behind. Michael cautiously sank down next to her .
“Are you alright?” He was horrified at himself for the boorish and abrupt handling of the situation.
Kris struggled to face him. Diverting her eyes down at her hands and then the forest ground. A familiar unease gripped her. Kris had not expected this reaction from Michael. She wanted to crawl away and run back down the road to camp. 
Sensing her predicament Michael wrapped a hand around her waist. Hardly a shred of fabric from her dress remained where it was supposed to. 
“Look at me,” he asked softly.  Kris was not keen on responding.  Michael put a hand under her chin. “Look at me, please. Sweetheart.”  
Close to tears, Kris engaged  for a fleeting moment. 
“Oh hell you don't understand.” He vigorously  condemned himself at that moment for getting involved. Too late to dig out of the luscious entanglement, Michael cursed himself for being a inconsiderate asshole. 
“Kris what you were doing is a pretty strong and powerful thing. I truly didn't want to blow my fucking load in your mouth.” Unable to put it any other way he traced her lips with a finger he waited for sign she understood.
“I shouldn't of.” 
“Yes, you should have. I'm caught off guard and that isn't common.” 
“Whatever.”
“Next time I won't be such a prick, I promise. Your touch is unreal and it turns me on quite a bit. I spend much of my time trying to restrain my urges with you. I don't want to drive you away.” The warmth of his breath spread over her cold complexion. 
“I can make that decision for myself. Why would I be messing around with you if I didn't want to.” Shit that sounds stupid Kris thought.
“I'm sorry.” Michael cleared a strand of hair from her face.
“It's fine. I'm the one who is sorry.” It wasn't really fine. Nothing felt fine at the moment. 
A smile slowly advanced across his mouth. “You have absolutely nothing to be sorry about.” 
Internally he was condemning his stupid actions.   
Kris felt limp. “I won't do it again.” She tried to turn away but he grasped her arm.
“Yes you will. Do anything you want. I fucking promise I won't stop you.  Just,” Michael paused, “be prepared.” He slid his hand down along her hip.
Kris was about to inquire what be prepared exactly meant but decided it would be some unnecessary explanation. She had a vivid imagination. This evening was going to be a total waste if they kept harping on this inconvenient deviation. 
“Say something else.” Kris grabbed the collar of his shirt, attempting to kiss him. Michael  countered and gently rolled into her until they were both laying in a soft bed of pine needles.
“What do you want me to say? I'm having enough trouble trying to convince you there's a gentleman underneath this rough exterior.” 
“Tell me you want me.” Kris kissed his neck. Michael moved on top of her, moving one leg between hers and nudging upward.
“Okay, but forget the fact that I just stopped you from sucking on my cock.” 
“I'm trying, but you're not making it very easy.” Kris  reached up, lightly slapping his cheek.
Message received, he thought. 
“I want this,” he fingered the side of her dress, “gone.” With one hand he tore off the rest of her mangled dress. 
“And you're going to buy me a new one tomorrow, right?” Kris winced at her clothing decimation.
“Whatever you want, darling,” he said and delicately rubbed the palm of his hand over her nipple. Kris let out a melodic groan, giving in to his touch. Michael gently  depressed his hips into her speaking thickly into her ear. His words were dripping with raw, agitating promises. Every nerve ending in Kris's body was alive and electric. Unifying her hips into his, searing carnal heat enveloped her. Ravenous desires, barely controllable, seized Michael. His muscles protested with taut, constrictive anticipation.
Enveloped in a visual feast of moonlight dancing off her hair raggedly splayed on the ground beneath him, Michael was betwixt. She was a perfect mess, a delicacy that only intensified his instinct to harbor her from harm. He knew these unyielding thoughts to be irrational, clouding his assessment of this perfect apparition writhing under him. Someone who had been untouchable, perplexing, seemingly unavailable was now threaded permanently in his thoughts.  She desired him just as much as he did her. 
With the last few ounces of reserve, Michael advanced the aching head of his cock into her constricted volume.    Knowing his throbbing girth would be a bit of a shock and whether that was good or bad, he suppressed primal urges to fully embed himself. 
Wrapping her legs tightly around him, Kris tried drawing him in further. She assumed his hesitation was some ridiculous idea once again, circling back to his viewpoint on innocence.  Kris grabbed the back of his head, forcing him to listen closely. Instead he mated his mouth hard onto hers, enforcing a deep erotic kiss. Kris reciprocated the intense embrace.  
Ripping herself from their copulating mouths, she spoke his name, “Michael.” Her voice was ragged and strained.  
“What? What is it?” Heart racing, nearly out of his chest he wantonly hovered above her. 
“I know what you're doing.” A thread of irritation danced in her voice. Michael could only stare  down, bewildered. But realization approached him pretty quickly. 
“I don't want to hurt you.” 
Kris was having none of it and  ground her hips straight into him. 
Michael breathed out heavily. She couldn't be reasoned with although he suspected he was being the unreasonable one at the moment. 
Again he met her lips, kissing with raw passion.  Salaciously he entered her tight passage, climaxing expeditiously.  
Soon Kris spiraled into her own fervid apex.  Michael sought to prolong her torment by reaching between their perspiring bodies and caressing her. Kris grabbed a fistful of damp earth. Kissing the soft, damp skin beneath her chin, Michael enjoyed her writhing motions and waited patiently for her body to melt into his strong arms. 
Heart slamming inside her chest, Kris shoved at him, trying to take a deep breath. Instead she managed shallow attempts at gaining air into her lungs. Gazing skyward she was blissfully disoriented for a few moments but so relaxed time stood still.
“You're going to get cold.” Michael encased her slender frame against his massively warmth.  Safe, protected in Michael's enormous arms, the only thing still reminding her of what just transpired was his finger intertwining a long ragged lock of her hair. 
Smoothing his strong hand over the side of her pale face, his expression returned to the familiar, serious demeanor Kris had come to know.  
“We need to go.” He uttered softly, kissing her neck. 
“I know.” Wishing to remain in his arms all night long, Kris could not remember the last time she felt so exhausted and so safe. But he was right, it was getting cold. Crisp night air was descending fast upon them and her attire was basically destroyed. 
Secretly happy Michael made the first move, Kris was quickly pulled to her feet. Thankfully the truck was a short distance from the clearing of trees. The forest was eerily quiet. Only the crackle of rocks and crunch of pine needles under their feet kept the silence at bay.

Chapter Thirteen

“I'm not supposed to be here.” Kris stood in the doorway to the little house. In one hand she tightly grasped a steaming cup of coffee, the other hand clenched a handful of fabric. Michael loaned her some  sweat pants yet they were so big on her lithesome waist, she had no choice but to hold them up constantly. 
“Then they can fire me.” Michael spoke in his usual commanding tone.  “Are you cold?” He watched Kris hovering in the open  door.
“Kind of.” Kris spoke in a hushed voice, her words trailing off while yawning.
“You're not going to get me in trouble.” Michael coaxed  her into the room and shut the door firmly. 
Kris gazed around the small home. The windows were painted a green trim, starkly contrasting the white walls. Kris leisurely strolled around the space, politely observing.  Michael kept everything rather plain. Sterile almost. No personal items like photographs or magazines. Everything had a place and was very tidy. A full size bed was positioned against short square windows at the far end of the room. A red and green plaid blanket  sparked an immediate desire to lie down. The only thing keeping her awake besides the coffee was the afterglow of their forest encounter. She was losing the battle with fatigue and drifting towards a heavy urge to sleep. 
“Lay down.” Michael's hands slid over Kris's shoulders. An emptiness stole her mind, canceling the urge to produce small talk. Kris reached backward and touched the top of his hand. 
“I insist.” He guided her to the bed. 
She carefully placed the coffee on a tiny table. Michael clearly displayed ingrained habits resulting from   his time in the armed services. The level of cleanliness around his quarters dictated meticulous attention. Not even a stray pine needle was safe.  In a strange way it all resonated familiarity with Kris stemming from her upbringing. Moving around the country meant living in sterile little homes on and off bases. Visions of her strict father was etched forever in her mind. His passing some years ago had left Kris with unpleasant reminders. In her mother's attempt to fill a void, control and a firm hand took over. Unfortunately her mother also became terminally withdrawn and emotionally unavailable.    
“In about ten minutes I'm going to feel the effects of that.” Kris motioned toward the coffee. 
Sitting gingerly on the edge of the bed, a small wave of modesty coursed through her. She disrobed from the bulky clothes and grasping the heavy covers, she slid underneath. The stiff cotton sheets were cold against her skin so she curled up into a ball and closed her eyes and hoped warmth would come quickly. 
Michael's attention to her was brief. He unlaced his boots and placed them near the door. 
“I'll be outside for a few minutes.” He lifted a radio from one of three charging units on a long shelf. 
“Lovely.” Kris poked her head up from the blankets momentarily but sank back down and snuggled her face into the pillow. It was absolute heaven. The aroma of Michael's personal aroma and woodsy pine filled her with a sense of calmness. She clung to each breath and tugged the covers right up to her chin until sleep took over. 

~ ~ ~

Morning announced itself all too rapidly. As the sun climbed over tall granite spires, rays of sunshine cascaded down into steep  canyons and blanketed lush meadows. Filtered light finally filled the small house. Kris found difficulty in waking, disoriented at first but subdued by Michael's presence. 
She'd barely noticed him all night even though he slept right next to her. Perhaps his soothing warmth or the depth of her tiredness provide the uninterrupted sleep. 
Thankful but confused he didn't try anything during the night or that morning, Kris focused on getting ready for work.
“You are enormously lucky to have a shower.” Kris grasped the door handle to the small bathroom. 
“Think so?” Michael was distracted over new events being reported on his laptop. For some ridiculous reason the was only finding out now.
“I know so.” Kris muttered the words to herself. A private bathroom. What total bliss. It was hard to remember what it was like to shower alone and not have to worry about wearing ripped up shower shoes and whether or not the hot water would hold out.
Michael held a tablet computer in one hand and grabbed several papers spewing out of a small fax machine. A new report indicated another missing female   worker. Any second a loud obnoxious knock would bring the peaceful morning to a halt. He was sure of it.  Michael had little privacy. Administrative personnel usually showed up unannounced at his living quarters. If Michael failed to promptly respond to radio communication, a panic ensued from staff. 
But this morning nobody had tried to get a hold of him. The previous night he turned the radio off to provide Kris uninterrupted sleep. It wasn't so easy finding slumber himself. But he wasn't about to take advantage of this tempting creature. Emotional attachment was growing and complicating everything. Now he wrestled with  very persuasive desires that gave new meaning to vivid imagination.
Informing Kris of the bad news gave him great pause. There wasn't much to tell yet. The entire camp probably knew by this point although the story being passed along was  going to be highly contorted. 
Kris watched from the bathroom doorway. Something was strongly deferring his attention.  She decided it was time to hurry. Surely Michael needed to be on duty. And the wonderful world of servicing messy impatient tourists beckoned her.  
Michael heard the hiss and sputtering of the faucet. He rubbed his tired eyes, then yanked out a neatly folded park ranger uniform from a small closet. A set of handcuffs immediately fell to the floor in a heavy thud. He often kept restraints tucked into the pockets for times when he was called to an incident in the middle of the night. 
Sunlight caught the bright shiny metal laying at his feet. Instead of picking them up right away, his thoughts drifted off in a very peculiar direction. 
No. Michael practically spoke the words out loud to himself. All that danced before him were dripping wet visions of Kris in his shower. 
Denying the urge to act on his fantasies, he quickly pulled on his work pants and threaded the belt.  And then  her voice called from the bathroom. His hands froze against his belt buckle.  Voicing his name once more, Kris opened the door a crack. Her hair was piled loosely on top of her head and dripping water made small puddles on the floor. The rest of her body remained hidden behind the door. Steam escaped in large waves. 
“Can I help you?” Michael asked.
“You have shampoo but no soap.” 
“Right. Sorry about that.” Michael was instantly relieved to have a task. The inclination to act on his lustful desire was distracting him ferociously. Soap, you fucking machine. Where's the soap?
Michael surveyed his living quarters. Visions of lathering rich suds over Kris's lithe anatomy were vexing him. Kissing her candy-sweet, mouth and then running his tongue over those taut nipples with warm water cascading over them both. He was lost. Spellbound by fantasies. Grasping a cabinet door handle he yanked hard and the inner contents spilled out at his feet. 
“Dammit!” Reaching back into the deep cabinet he grasped a small box of soap. Standing too quickly rendered him a bit lightheaded. Not nearly a drop of blood remained in his brain, instead it settled in an engorged region between his legs.  
The toe of his boot caught the forgotten metal shackles  still laying on the floor. He  pocketed them quickly and went into the bathroom.
“Michael?” Through the frosted glass of the shower door she saw the dark blurry shape of Michael's figure. 
“Oh, perfect.” Kris poked her head out and caught sight of the box of soap clenched in his hand.
Grabbing the open shower door, Michael stood like a statue. Kris frowned curiously at his odd appearance of no shirt and dark green khakis. 
“What's wrong?” She asked, water streaming down the side of her face. 
Without warning, Michael stepped into the shower. The water instantly soaked the side of his pants. 
Kris opened her mouth but no words came out.
“Michael, your shoes. What are you doing?” 
He latched the shower door and reached for her.  Swiftly he kissed her hard, backing her against the warm tile. Water cascaded everywhere, drenching him as the embrace intensified. 
Michael put his hands on her waist, coaxing her to turn. He grasped one of her arms, flattening her hand to the tiled shower wall.
“You're under my arrest.” He growled in a devilish voice and then raised her other arm slowly against the tile. 
“What on earth?” Kris laughed nervously.
He kissed the back of her neck and then slid his tongue down to the top of her shoulder, enveloping her silken skin.
“I'm completely insane. I want you.” Reaching into his drenched pocket he fished out the handcuffs.  
“Oh my god.” Kris felt cold metal against her belly. “What are you doing with those?” 
“I think they're going to help us.” 
“To do what? I just asked you for some soap.” 
He pressed both her palms flat against the wall again since she was making little fists. Gradually he dragged the flat side of  handcuffs down between her legs. At first he teased the inside of her upper thigh, guiding the metal along her supple skin.
“How is this helping us?” Kris asked.
“Tell me you're really a bad girl.”  
“I'm, what?”
“Tell me.” He practically hissed.
“I don't know how this goes. I've never done this before,” Kris said.
“I want to see her. Feel her. Fuck her.” Seductively, the words slithered out of his mouth.
“Michael. Please...” Kris's heart was racing. His voice produced a tidal wave of emotion mixed with a small bit of fear. Kris felt chilled despite the heavy warmth of the water and Michael's body. 
She just spent last night trying to convince this man that she wasn't as innocent as he pegged her to be.  
“Does it scare you?” Water dripping off his tongue like a hungry beast.
“Yes.” Kris admitted under her breath. “Sort of.” 
Michael dragged the cold steel inside her thigh.
“Tell me you want me.” He grazed her breast with his free hand.
Kris tried to wriggle free. She needed to look into his eyes. But he prevented her from twisting around. Drawing in a shallow, uneven breath, Kris cleared her throat. His gradual and deliberate badgering was beginning to arouse her.
“Yes,” she said in a weak voice.
“What was that?” He pretended not to hear her.
“I want you.” Kris's voice shook uncontrollably. Anticipation of their sultry copulation vexed her. 
“I'm sorry, but I can't hear what you're saying.” 
“I want you! Dammit, just fuck me.” Kris screamed out, a bit annoyed but knowing it was all part of the game. 
“That's better.” His voice softened.
“We're going to be late to work you know.” Kris reminded him.
“Put your feet against mine.” He commanded in a voice Kris hadn't  heard before. It was smooth, low and almost threatening. Breathing in harshly and forgetting to exhale, she complied. Kris scooted her bare feet against his soaked  boots. 
“How badly do you want this?” Licking the side of her ear, Michael brought his thickness against her legs, bantering back and forth.
Kris stared at the shower floor, watching the water swirl down the drain. If only her inhibitions would disappear as well. His protuberance was massive. How on earth had she  not notice before? Or had she put it out of her mind in the last five or six hours?
He moved the cuffs over her swollen clitoris, back and forth, making sure the smooth metal was deliberately stimulating her.
 Kris let out a muffled moan. 
“How bad? Tell me.” Michael slid his hand around her neck and up her chin, dragging a finger over her lip. 
Kris muttered something from the back of her throat. 
One minute she could hardly bare the intense spell he held over her, the next minute she felt like retreating into a familiar shell.  Michael pulled her tightly against his fervid body. 
He twisted her around and kissed her long and hard. Kris was having trouble matching his intensity so she reached far into her mind. 
“If I'm the bad girl, then you're the bad ranger I secretly fantasize about when I'm alone.” She practically whispered, water draining off her mangled hair.  Pushing at him in an act of playful resistance, she instructed,  “Just take me. Do whatever you want with me.” Her pleading contained only a thin strand of certainty, although her reservation was disintegrating.
Michael took her fast and tight, kissing her jawline, moving to her neck. Deliciously tasting her sweet flesh, overcome with unrestrained passion. Her permission was all he wanted.
A  hot, unhampered shroud descended on Kris.   A loud clank sounded as the handcuffs dropped to the tile floor. Turning her around once more, Michael smoothed his strong hands over her hips. Tormenting her by rubbing his sex organ back and forth between her legs only lasted so long before his self control wore out.  Finally he entered her taut chamber with a vicious thrust. Kris swore out unintelligible words. 
Michael ignited sensations unfamiliar to Kris. Plunging himself deep and forceful inside her, Michael tried to constantly remind himself not to take this too far. Gritting his teeth in raw delight at her slick, tight chasm, he snaked a finger around the front of her body to attend to her sensitive bud of flesh. Kris could hardly remain standing, teetering on a euphoric edge. 
 As if to pester him, she took his hands, laying them against her breasts. Michael's vocal chords produced deep primal groans, while he continued to embed his swollen sex organ  into her. 
Another excruciating thrust into her tightness yielded a wild and uncontrolled orgasm. Waves of contractions struck Kris all at once.  Grabbing onto his arm to thwart loss of balance, Kris's head seized backward against his chest. Michael held onto her quickly. 
Kris now knew that whatever generative thoughts were coursing through him, he finally abandoned his plan to remain a nice boy.  She liked it.  She liked it more than she had imagined. 
Twisting around to face him, Michael fornicated his lips to hers, forcing her mouth open wide, deeply mating his hot tongue with hers. 
Water streamed down his face and through his short black hair. Kris pushed back for a moment, licking her lips languidly, her eyes piercing deeply into his.  She imagined the last of her fear floating down the drain. 
Raising a hand to her mouth, she slowly sucked a finger in and out. The signal did not go unnoticed. An uncharacteristic wicked smile grew steadily across Michael's face. 
“Kneel down.” He motioned in a tight, hurried voice.  Kris sunk to her knees, confronting Michael's rigid beast.   
Grasping his aching cock with one hand, he introduced it to her wet lips. Kris took him immediately, deeply, encircling her tongue while drawing him in and out of her mouth. 
Michael called out her name as a little warning that  his climax was imminent. Threading his stiffening fingers through her sopping hair, Michael swiftly abolished the strong reservations to which he clung. Kris pressed her lips and mouth tightly around the head of his cock producing a fiery spasm at last. 
Michael swore violently under the steamy shroud of the hot water. Kris accepted his hot, thick nectar to enter her mouth.  
Drawing her lips back slowly, licking the end of his thickly swollen shaft, Kris glanced upward. Water blinded her and Michael launched at the faucet, twisting it off with some force.  
Chest heaving, water streaming off his hair onto Kris below, rational thoughts eluded his impassioned mind. Thudding backward into the shower wall, he reached for Kris, pulling her swiftly to her feet.  Michael needed to gaze upon the creature that captivated him so. 
Strong, muscular arms wrapped around her slender body. With one ear to his chest, Kris closed her eyes, feeling unyielding contractions of Michael's heart. 
“Kiss me.” He whispered in a ragged breath.
Wrapping her arms tight around his fervid midsection, Kris complied with his request. Significantly more gentle than past kisses, Michael's lips caressed her mouth, tasting the effects of their passion. Her  body sent out a random shiver.   
By no easy feat he shed his soaked boots and attire, quickly exiting the shower and wrapping Kris in a thick green towel.  
“You know what this means?” He let out a raspy cough. 
Kris shook her head.
Michael tapped on his large military grade wristwatch. 
“You were right, we are going to be late for work.”  Naked and still unsettled, he wrapped his arms around Kris, lifting her up. Unable to find satiation, he took her lips to his, intensely mating their mouths together. Kris let the towel drop, and wrapped her legs around his midsection, drawing him in like prey. 
“Baby, don't you dare.” Kissing her once more, he hastily let her slip down, out of his arms. 
“You know I should be a lot more freaked out about what time it is. I'm sure reality will catch up later,” Kris said.
“Not if I have anything to say about it,” Michael said, his finger coiled in a lock of her hair. Duty calls, you idiot. Tearing his attention away, he exited the bathroom for a split second. 
Water droplets from her long tangled hair created a small puddle of water on the   floor. She wasn't as adept at transitions like him and so she stood for several moments until his voice coaxed her back to reality.
“Kris? We should get going.” Michael leaned on the bathroom door knob.
“Yes. You're right. I know.” Kris forced a smile. Michael was back in the mode of park security officer and ranger. Kris shut the bathroom door and stood naked in front of a small round wall mirror. Now was not the time to wonder what the hell she was doing with this guy. Again these pestering self confidence issues were surfacing at the worst time. Kris angrily pushed doubt away and quickly got dressed.

Chapter Fourteen

A strong hand on her arm broke the self induced trance. Gazing over at Michael, she politely smiled and then returned to surveying the edge of the roundabout for anyone familiar. Anyone who would recognize her. An evil force, ready to run around and spread crazy rumors  regarding her affair with a park ranger. 
Grasping the door handle, she readied herself to say a hurried goodbye to Michael and head straight for the Willow Camp hall to perhaps blending in with the other arriving staff. 
“Are you regretting this thing between us?” Michael  chose his words carefully knowing Kris was in panic mode to get to work. The hour was not as late as they feared allowing for plenty of time to get where they both needed to be. 
This thing between us? Thing?! Kris stared down at his hand. At least he provided a definition. No more mystery on what was going on.  
“I'm not regretting anything.” Kris slid toward the door, yanking hard on the handle.  Just as she escaped the uncomfortable atmosphere of the truck cab and shut the passenger side door, the loud idle of the truck stopped.  Kris's heart skipped a beat and reset with a harsh thud. Michael was coming around  toward her. Her grip tightened around the carrying strap of her pack. Clumsily taking a few steps backward, Kris avoided eye contact.
“I have to get going,” she said. 
Sensing her emotional anguish, Michael approached and softly grasped both her arms.  Kris looked down at the ground and then her gaze stretched off into the distance.
“I'm sorry.” 
 Kris brushed off his apology with a quick nod. 
“How stupid am I? Can't handle a hot night with a hot guy?” Kris snorted, reeling in an abrupt emotional decline. Of course it didn't help that Michael was so intimidating. 
He embraced her in a strong hug and thread his fingers into damp hair. Kris gave in and pressed her face into his neck, closing her eyes. An electric transference of soothing energy overpowered her silly insecure thoughts. The safety of being in his arms, although foreign to Kris, was greatly needed.
Cupping the back of her head, Michael leaned down gently meeting her lips, but not in a kiss. His breath cascaded over her mouth and his words were low and soft.
“You're anything but stupid. I would do anything for you, Kris.” He swept a long shiny strand of her hair over her ear. 
“Don't mind me. I just have you chalked up to every other shitty man out there.” Kris tried to diffuse the situation immediately. 
Michael ran a finger under her chin and up to her lip.
“Don't make light of it. I'm not easy to deal with. My own demons are trying hard to convince me I should not be involved with you.” Michael pulled her tight against him. Kris had grown to crave his body close hers but she winced now, some of the items on his duty belt poking her uncomfortably.  
“I don't deserve someone like you,” he said.
Kris tried to interrupt but he was having none of it, placing his fingers over her lips.
He spoke gruffly, losing much of his empathetic tone from before. “When you become a killing machine, even in the distortion and justification that you are wiping out the bad guys, there are significant parts of your  humanity that you lose. Your view of the world changes. The gruesome actions of my past have a profound impact on who I am right now.” 
 Kris lay a shaky hand to the side of his face, lost in his steel blue eyes.
“Why are you bringing this up again?” Kris grabbed his wrist and kissed the inside of his hand. 
Michael realized he wasn't impressing enough severity on her.
“I'm a risk. Being with me is a bit of a gamble.” Not an expert at giving this type of speech to a female, he was on unfamiliar ground. 
Kris narrowed her eyes. Part of what she was hearing sounded a bit like the bull shit Adam used to come up with. Almost an arrogant type of admission. 
Kris took in a deep breath, thinking hard. “Wait. Okay, so what makes you so different from the idiot out there attacking everyone?” 
“Ah, well. I could tell you many psychological differences, but I'll spare you.”  Michael had to admit she was a lot smarter than the rest of the females from his past. “Good point, though.” He didn't want to treat her as if she was ignorant. 
“You'll spare me?” Kris wasn't about to get distracted on the compliment that she indeed had a good point. 
Back tracking a little, Michael shifted his posture. Kris felt slight relief from some of his duty belt contraptions poking at her.
“We both need to get going. I'll tell you this, whoever is attacking females did not start out by killing them. But this idiot  finds a certain demented pleasure in ending someone's life. The problem is, the more and more harm they inflict, the more unsettled they become,” Michael said. 
“So that means, what? they are getting more unpredictable in order to achieve their satisfaction?” Kris didn't like the sound of this.
“Exactly.”
Kris clenched her teeth together producing an ache in her jaw. The added physical and emotional stress regarding this park killer wasn't going to clarify this burgeoning romantic relationship with  Michael.
“Let's discuss it another time. You can tell me all the psychological crap you want.” Kris brushed the hair from her face. She kissed him quickly on the cheek, and then leaned down to grab her bag once more.
Micheal remained still, other than grasping the front of his duty belt, and studying Kris as she readied herself for departure. 
“Explain to me quickly, though -” Kris pursed her lips together, gazing off at another car driving slowly around the circular dead end. “What makes you say being with you is a gamble? Are you going to suddenly morph into a terrible person?” 
The car in the roundabout apparently thought it was a good place to park. Several people piled out and started making a lot of disruptive noise. Michael was keenly aware but ignoring the ruckus. 
“I say gamble because there are rules against us getting involved, because your safety is involved due to my investigation, and because generally I can be a bit aggressive sometimes and withdrawn other times.” 
Kris was walking backward carefully to avoid tripping on branches and rocks.
“Okay, I get it. I'll consider myself warned. I promise.” She pointed to the people walking away from their car. 
Michael didn't need to see the idiots behind him to know what was going on. They were about to get a fat ticket for parking in the roundabout and obstructing the road. Park security was the only  authorized entity to park in such a way.
Giving a quick nod, he turned sideways, glancing back.
“Michael?” Kris called out loudly, before she was too far gone. “There's too many rules! Maybe you can do something about them.” 
“Understood,” Michael said and then walked off toward the noisy tourists. Kris waved and then started quickly down the dirt trail, disappearing into thick trees. 
Several coworkers on mountain bikes zipped by Kris, yelling out abrupt greetings. Lost in thought, she  gave little attention to them. After a moment or two, she realized she needed to start running if she were to make it down to the hall on time. Being late was not common for her. 
Michael dealt with the misguided tourists and then  climbed in his truck. He impatiently waited until the perturbed bunch of people moved their dumpy vehicle. 
A remaining thought plagued him after attempting to warn Kris minutes ago. Adam's jealousy wasn't going to be pleasant. And the rest of the motley workers around Willow Camp would have a field day with the entire situation. A park ranger screwing a waitress. Michael was  not blind to the rumors regarding his ongoing sexual involvement with Beth Taylor. Kris was bound to confront him on it sooner or later.

~ ~ ~

Out of breath and head pounding, Kris was extremely happy to find the main lodge doors unlocked. Quietly she entered and tiptoed to the staff locker room in back of the kitchen. Dropping her pack on the floor she carefully sat  on a long wooden bench. Although she was flattered by Michael's insistence that she looked rather ravishing in his boxers and tee earlier, she begged for a detour over to the store to get a standard employee uniform. 
If caught in Michael's starchy clean under garments, Kris could suffer an eternity of ridicule, not to mention a dark cloud over her reputation. Not that she cared a great deal about reputations, but there were enough girls labeled whores in the park already, some deservedly, some not. Raina once came to work every day for a month wearing a sheer top and no bra. That stint did not go unnoticed by a large swath of guys. Thriving on the attention, Raina failed to recognize the fact that she had attracted scum bag variety males. Jerks lusting after a quick hook up or blow job during her break at work. In Raina's view, there was nothing really wrong with all that. She had thicker skin than Kris and was adept at letting foul comments, mainly from other female workers, roll right off her back. 
Kris made a mental note to start carrying a change of clothes in her backpack.  Provided Michael invited her to stay more often. Although it was risky and jeopardizing her job to stay at his quarters, she felt entirely more relaxed further away from Willow Camp and Adam. The problem was getting over to the far side of the valley. Kris owned a car  but since it wasn't really necessary during the season, and bear break-ins were common with vehicles, she kept it in storage. Kris  never worried about transportation during the summer. Getting a ride back to town wouldn't be hard, enough workers also headed that direction come September.  
Disorganized thoughts of staying past the summer season were beginning to wear her out. One thing was for sure, with Adam sulking around, her private life wasn't going to be so private. Of course the developing interlude with Michael was going to be a factor. It was too early to figure things out. 
Reaching into the dark green and gold plastic shop bag, she produced a pair of khaki work pants and a navy blue polo shirt with the park logo. They were standard issue work clothes for most positions, but not food service. Boss was adamant that the girls in the hall wore the short black skirts and white fitted tops. Kris kept several pairs in her cabin. For today, Boss would just have to put up with this outfit. Kris knew she would take a lot of shit on it though.
A loud slam of the front doors echoed, breaking the stillness. Kris flinched. She yanked the tags off the clothes and put them on hurriedly. Stuffing everything into her locker, she carefully closed it and snapped off the light. Opening the door a crack, she saw no one.
A moment later the familiar humming of Joseph, the kitchen washer, grew louder and louder. Kris pushed open the dressing room door and quickly slipped out. Joseph rounded the corner.
“Hell!” He grabbed his chest faking a heart attack. “You're here early Kris!” Toning his exaggerated reaction, Joseph flashed his famous smile then continued humming even louder, taking a fresh apron off a long rack. 
“Who opened? You?” He asked, igniting the back fryers and stove. Kris nervously patted down the creases in her new clothes.
“Uhh, no. It was open when I got here.” Grabbing a smaller smock she tied it around her waist, adding some pencils and a pad of paper. Then she took a stack of fresh towels off the commercial washer and started for the dining area. 
Joseph cranked up the volume on the radio and began singing along with a country tune. 
The paranoia of being late and awkwardly facing questions was gone from her mind. She was the only waitress to show up so far. It was ten after nine, and already the day promised to be hopelessly long.

Chapter Fifteen

Adam sat hunched over on the bottom step of Kris's cabin. He was irritated and hung over after spending the entire night on her porch. Reality was biting him in the ass. No question, she spent the entire night with the ranger.  Adding to his foul disposition, Adam was over an hour late for work. Kris would either cover for him  or she would behave like a total bitch princess and refuse to do the right thing. 
He imagined her at the hall floating around fresh in the afterglow of her night of cheating. She was nothing more than a damaged charlatan.  He was sweating profusely even though the morning was quite cool, Adam vomited violently several times on the side of Kris's cabin. Kicking dirt and forest material over his expulsion, Adam jerked his pack over one shoulder and started walking.  The urge for a drink was intense, but he needed the job badly. Waltzing in hung over wasn't going to go unnoticed by their damn prying eyes. Taking a few swift shots of whiskey from his nearly empty flask, Adam started to feel better. 
“Adam!”  A short pudgy girl spotted him and quickly rushed up.
“What the hell?” Adam side stepped the stupid bitch, offended she would fling herself so close to him. Drawing a cigarette from a jacket pocket, he impatiently lit it, took some shallow puffs then blew a trail of smoke into the girl's reddened face.
“Crap, Adam!” She seemed none to pleased at the plume of rancid smoke. “Wait, come back here.” She stood struggling to speak but choked by a cough.  Adam ignored her and walked  toward the main trail. Angela quickly caught up to him.
“Wait just darn minute. I'm trying to ask you if you've seen Terri?”
Adam drew a long puff on the cigarette,  narrowing his eyes at what he viewed to be a nasty female specimen. 
Sighing heavily he decided to be of some help and give this fat idiot some insight. 
“Why don't you check the local bars?” He spat on the ground.
Angela tried to ignore his crass comment.
“Did you see her last night? Someone said you guys were seen together yesterday?”
Adam maintained his pace, increasing his stride. Angela struggled to keep up along side him.
“Who the fuck said that?” 
“I dunno. Lot of people. Were you with her?”
“Why? Need to borrow a tampon?”
Angela's jaw dropped.
“You're crude Adam. What the hell is wrong with you? We're just trying to find Terri.”
“And so you shall.” Adam was tired of this conversation. He ditched his cigarette to the ground and made no attempt to snuff it out. 
“You're fucking weird.” Angela watched him depart in disbelief. She stepped on the smoldering butt and muttered several disgruntled remarks. Plodding off, her voice echoed throughout the small camp, calling Terri's name.
By the time Adam reached his own cabin, people were everywhere, frantically milling around, tears being shed. He was massively disgusted at these stupid humans. 
“Hey Adam. We were looking for you.” A familiar voice crackled. 
It was Randy Duncan, disheveled like he'd been crawling around in the woods for days.
Adam sternly faced him. 
“Why the fuck are you looking for me?” Adam bristled.
“Hey, man, chill. Terri is missing. Nobody's seen her since yesterday afternoon.  I was knocking at your door earlier. Where were you dude?” Randy brushed some leaves out of his unruly hair.
Adam gazed upon the lowly creatures around camp. A foul haze hung in the air. 
“Where's all the smoke coming from?” Adam asked.
“Huh?” Randy gazed out around the camp. “I guess there's a fire.” Scratching his head he tried again. “Adam, man, have you seen Terri or not?”
“I haven't seen the stupid whore.” Adam pivoted, pounding up the stairs. He was highly bothered answering to this  woodland rat. 
“Well, where were you before? Where'd you just come from?” Randy grasped the railing, staring up at him. 
Adam cocked his head, peering down at  nature-boy. Perhaps he could work this foul situation to his benefit.
“At Kris's. All night. She's at work. Go ask her.” Adam smiled devilishly. 

~ ~ ~

Noon inconspicuously slipped by. The day grew increasingly busy with patrons coming and going.
Wiping dark red ketchup stains off her pants, Kris threw aside a soiled rag and crawled on her hands and knees underneath a table.  Bright orange macaroni and cheese was smashed into the fibers of the carpet. 
“Damn.” Kris sat back on her heels and wiped her forehead with the back of her hand. 
“Are we having fun?” A nefarious voice resonated above.
Kris was in no mood, instantly recognizing the thorny individual. She slid backward and stood,  bits of macaroni falling off her pants.
“What the hell do you want? You have some nerve showing up this late. Why'd you even bother?” Kris put her hands to her hips. 
Arrogantly poised in front of her, amidst the total chaos of the hall, Adam grinned feverishly.
Scowling, Kris left without waiting for him to answer. She desperately needed more rags from the kitchen. Like a stray dog, Adam followed, yet wary of onlookers. Slamming through the swinging kitchen doors, Kris maneuvered into the back, grabbing white towels out of a large bin. Not realizing Adam was right behind her, she flew right into him.  
“Dammit. What the hell are are you doing?” Very cross, Kris moved sideways trying to quickly get past him.
“We need to talk.” He pointed to the back door. 
“In case your stupid brain didn't notice, we're getting creamed out there, and you're fucking late. And because you weren't here this morning, everything is backed up.” 
“He give it to you good? Huh, Kris? Was he a good fuck for you?” Adam moved closer, bits of saliva flying out of his mouth. Kris stumbled backward. Anger swelled within her, but she fought to keep a handle on it, not wanting a confrontation in public. Throwing the towels into an empty plastic crate on the floor, Kris clamped her mouth shut and managed to calmly weave through the busy kitchen until reaching the back door. Thrusting it open hard, she was greeted by warm, hazy air. Adam was right behind her.
“How the hell did you know?” Kris grabbed her hips digging her nails in hard. 
“I know everything, Kris. I know where you go, who you're with, what you're doing. I know what a fucking cheating bitch you are. How you're out to hurt me by using that asshole. It's not going to work.” Adam lit a cigarette, eying her reaction.
Kris started pacing while rubbing her brow. 
“Adam. What the hell do you want from me? I mean,  it's over. It's been over. I'm not trying to hurt you. I'm not playing a game. You're just really crazy. You have an actual mental disorder.”
“Come now babe. You're the crazy one. We both know that.”
“You know shit, Adam. You think you have me all figured out. This is all a warped game to you.”
“Nooo. This is life. And I'm trying to help you see the mistake you're making.”
“Oh! And what the hell would that be? I'm making a mistake not being with you? Staying the night with someone I care about and who cares about me? You can't stand it, so you make up tons of lies and tell them over and over to yourself.” Kris knew he was attempting to warp her thoughts. She was tired physically and mentally. It was increasingly hard to stay one step ahead of him.
“Babe -”
“Don't call me that. Don't ever call me that.” 
“Fine.” Adam had a smug smile on his face. He enjoyed getting her so rattled. It wasn't very hard to pull at Kris's strings. Fishing for another cigarette, he leaned back against the exterior kitchen wall.
“I'm not coming back next season,” Kris said.
“And leave your new lover? I doubt that.” 
“Why don't you leave, Adam? You hate all the girls in this park, and let's face it, you hate your crappy job. You can't stand seeing me move on with someone else. Why don't you just go make a fresh start?”
“You'd like that, wouldn't you?”
Kris sensed a large headache coming on. She didn't have much longer before Dale noticed she was missing inside. 
“I don't care what you do.”
“Sure you do.” Adam forced out a long trail of smoke. “You're punishing me with this Ranger. But your little fling will fall apart just like always. Then you'll come running right back.”
“Wow.” Kris threw up her hands, aimlessly taking several steps past the dumpster.
“You don't get it my darling. I'm the most forgiving person you'll ever meet. I'm also the smartest person you'll ever meet.”
“I'm tired of this.” Kris turned around stomping past him and grabbing the door handle. She paused, trying to think of something really threatening, really awful to spit at him, to make him realize he was truly delusional. 
“Stay away from me. Stay away from my cabin. Leave my friends alone and if I find you stalking me, or even hear about it, I'm going straight to headquarters and getting you fired.”
Adam slowly brought the lit cigarette to his pale lips, looking at her like prey. 
“You do that babe.” 
Enraged, Kris nearly hissed at him before yanking forcefully on the door.
Seething, Kris could hardly see straight. This situation with Adam was impossible. It had grown out of control like a cancerous tumor. Grasping for a solution was creating desperation.  
“Kris!” A voice called out. 
Shaking, Kris swung around, searching for a face.  Moving through a line of people she saw the worried expression of Jake McAllister. 
“I'm glad you're here.” He reached for her arm.
“Jake, what? What's the matter?” Kris rested a stack of towels on a nearby table. 
“Over here.” He pulled her off to the side near the front doors. “Terri's missing.”
Cold prickles instantly ran up Kris's arms and the back of her neck. 
“What? What do you mean, missing?” Her eyes grew wide.
Jake moved her further down a darkened hallway. 
“She didn't show at work today. Nobody's seen her since yesterday afternoon. They got a big search going all over camp.” 
“Oh my god.” Kris put a hand to her mouth.
“From what I understand, the new ranger, whatever his name is, he's putting together a search team.” Jake coughed hard like he'd been running and couldn't catch his breath. 
“That's good.” Kris could hardly speak. 
“There's a helicopter coming, I think. I dunno.”
“What are they saying? Same attacker?”
“I guess. Look, have you seen her? At all, anywhere today?” Jake seemed to be losing it.
“No. Not at all. I've been at work.”
“Okay.” He nodded a bunch of times, gazing out at the crowd of unassuming people.
“They're saying to not go anywhere alone. Go straight home after work. Everyone wants to help with the search but it's all a mess right now.” Jake hit the wall out of frustration.
“Jake, calm down. For heaven's sake. They'll find her. I know it. Michael is good, he'll put the right people on it.” Kris grabbed his shoulder. 
“You mean the Ranger?”
“Yes.” Kris bit the side of her mouth. “I gotta finish here. It's crazy. So busy today.” Kris was getting lightheaded and could see Raina signaling for her at a group of tables. 
“Yeah.” Jake started for the doors, but then turned around.
“Was Adam with you last night?”
Kris's heart nearly stopped.
“Uh, what do you mean?  No, he wasn't with me.” 
“No reason I guess.  Randy thought he saw Adam stalking around the north camp, late. And he wasn't at his quarters this morning. Was he with you?” 
The tiny hairs on the back of Kris's neck prickled. An overwhelming pain gathered strength in her gut.  Slowly she shook her head from side to side. Jake watched  the color drain from her face. 
“He wasn't with you?” Jake confirmed, confused at her reaction.
“No. Hell no.” 
“Do you know where he is now?”  Jake surveyed people behind Kris.
“Adam was in back of the kitchen. Outside. I thought he was going to work his shift.” Kris turned and looked  through the open counters. Joseph was washing dishes and Boss was talking on the phone. 
“We just had a fight.” 
“Just stay away from him.  He was probably passed out drunk. Randy is the one who brought it all up.”
“I have nothing to say to that asshole. Adam, I mean.” 
“Okay, okay.” Jake was clearly perplexed. “I'll see you later.” Jake bolted out the main doors, brushing past several entering patrons. Kris struggled to get herself together. Jake, like most everyone in camp, associated Kris with Adam. And apparently nobody was of the understanding they were broken up for good. Why were people always assuming Kris was intricately involved in the details of Adam's sorted life? It was beginning to piss her off.

~ ~ ~

A long ragged lock of blond hair drifted down from her loose bun and swayed back and forth. Kris rubbed vigorously on a messy table.  Dried chocolate ice cream and tomato sauce were cemented so hard onto the finish of the table, Kris was ready to find a putty knife. Secretly she was thankful for the distraction of work. It was four o'clock and the calm before the storm of dinner hour. Adam wound up staying and working his shift, yet nobody paid much attention. 
Kris was obsessing over the notion that Adam could be a suspect. Her former boyfriend, hurting women? Killing them? He was a drunk, anti-social, narcissistic, rude and over-sexed, jerk, but  killing and mutilating females? It just wasn't possible.  
“Miss!  'Scuse me, miss!” 
Kris slapped a towel on the table she had been working on, giving up on the battle of sticky food. 
“We want to be seated. There's six in our party. Do you have a table that will seat all of us? Can we put two tables together?” A large man with a huge belly that practically stuck out of a brightly colored Hawaiian shirt was briskly pacing around the hostess podium. 
Kris pulled her unruly hair back, briefly squinting at the bright orange sunlight coming through the main doors. 
“Are you seating yet? Is dinner being served? Can we  push those tables together? The ones over there, near the windows.” He gestured with a big hairy arm.
“Yes, follow me please.” Kris counted out six menus from underneath the podium and lead him to a big booth next to the windows. A variety of people from his party followed, remarking and talking in elevated voices.
“And do you have a drink menu? Where's the bar? We were hoping for cocktails before we eat.” The man huffed and puffed, motioning for everyone to sit down.
“I'm sorry, sir, there is no bar in the lodge. You can purchase wine by the glass or beer up at the drink station, over there.” Kris pointed.
“Well! Honey, you're not getting your Manhattan.” The man laughed gruffly at his wife. Kris pushed an additional square table up to the booth table to accommodate the large party,  then spread out the menus. 
“I'll be back shortly to take your order. Can I get anyone started with something to drink?” 
“Yeah, miss, you can get water for all of us. Is it from the tap? Or is your water filtered here?” A fancily dressed woman with a metallic blue shirt and clanking gold bracelets snapped impatiently at Kris. 
“Where's the appetizers on this menu? Honey, they don't have hardly anything to eat here.”
“Hey, Bob, you can have an Elk burger. Live a little and try some fucking Elk meat.” 
Kris smiled politely at another beastly male, slightly smaller than the Hawaiian shirt man, but Kris knew the type.  All hot air to cover for lack of a decent personality. 
“Our water is filtered, ma'am.”  The water actually came straight out of a faucet at the waitress station. Luckily the little spout was hidden by walls and shelves containing  glass and silverware. Many visitors asked about the filtration. Kris used to suggest they buy bottled water, for a $1.50. But Dale got tired of ordering the water extra for the the lodge and specified to staff to just lie about the water being filtered. It came from a deep well within the park, so essentially the filtering tale wasn't a lie, at least that was Kris's rationale. 
“What about salads? You don't have any salads on here?” A rather  pale girl with stringy black hair shrouding her face, blurted out.
“You can order a salad as a side. Our salad bar is just over there.” Kris motioned to the brightly lit row of bins underneath some protective glass. 
“They don't have a regular bar but they have one for salads!” The large man burst out laughing at his own joke, while the male next to him playfully punched his arm.
“How about a round of beers?”
“Domestic or imported?” Kris scribbled down quickly before turning her attention to the prickly woman. 
“Oh hell, hopefully imported.” The big man grunted.
“If you have a nice, dry, white wine, I'll have a glass.”
“Yes, ma'am,” Kris said.
“Just bring the whole the bottle, otherwise you'll be brining glasses of wine all night.” Once more the man boomed out in laughter.
“Yes sir.” Kris waited for the rest of them to decide on drinks before leaving the table to start working on the orders. Absorbed by the distraction of work, her mind finally faded  into a comfortably numb state. 
~ ~ ~
Minutes blurred into hours as the lodge came alive with people coming and going, eating, and relaxing after a long day. The line at the front doors  started to thin out, signaling the lateness of the hour. 
Kris pushed through the double doors leading  to the kitchen. Instantly a sharp pain stabbed her lower back. Pausing for a second next to some stacked crates of produce, Kris tried taking some deep breaths and waited for the pain to subside. 
 “Kristjana, you're off. Get out of here and go home.” Dale rounded the corner, frowning.
“Yes, Boss.”
“What's wrong with you?” 
“Nothing. It'll pass in a minute.” Kris gingerly reached up gathering unruly hair and twisting it. 
“Who the hell stacked all this here?”
“I have no idea, I just came back.”
“If I've told these idiots once, I've told them a thousand times, produce can't stay in this hot kitchen.” 
“Want me to put it in the cooler?” Kris quickly offered to move the sloppily stacked food even though she doubted she possessed the ability to lift heavy crates at the moment.
“No. Go home.” Dale waddled off and yelled for Joseph.
Kris untied her apron and hung it on a long rack of other dirty garments. 
“And Kris?” 
“Yeah Boss?” 
“Don't wander around on the way up. And take that person with you.” Dale disappeared just as a familiar short haired spitfire slammed through the swinging doors.
“I heard that!” Raina yelled out after him, kicking her foot in the air. “Asshole.” She muttered harshly and pushed Kris into the locker room. 
“Are you off?” Raina snapped her gum, plopping down on a bench.
“Yeah. I guess you are too, now.” Kris raised her eyebrows.
“I'm gonna blow. It's crazy today. We are so understaffed.” Raina produced a huge bubble, quickly popped it, and sucked it back into her mouth. 
“So, you know about Terri?” Kris sat down.
“I know. I heard.” 
“Could of been one of us.” 
“Hell no.  Terri's a fucking wench. Fucking park whore. She had it coming.” 
Kris slammed her locker abruptly, at a loss for words.
“Hey, I'm only stating the obvious. You weren't no friends with Terri.” Raina kicked her feet up on an open locker door.
“She's not a whore. You know, some people say that about you.”
“Ask me if I care what any shit head thinks in this place.  All's I'm sayin' is Terri has fooled around with the wrong people. She's got a reputation, you know?”
Kris leaned against the lockers, staring at the ceiling.
“And that justifies the attack?” Kris felt disgusted.  Terri was a party girl, flaunted herself often and could be shamelessly outspoken. But Kris couldn't tolerate the insensitive comments coming from her best friend. 
“How do we even know it was an attack? It's a joke. Nobody can find her.” Raina stood, yanking off her apron. “She has that older boyfriend. The one she's always bragging about? He lives like, over in the valley. She's probably with him right now.” 
Sighing heavily, Kris wished she could speak to Michael. He would have better insight instead of this conjecture.  
“I'm out of here.” Kris grabbed her things. 
“You been shopping?” Raina eyed the bag.
“Sorta.” Kris brushed her off.
Before the conversation became too personal, Kris ushered Raina out the back.  
Thick haze greeted them once outside. A  hot  shroud of orange light and pungent smoke blanketed the valley. 
“What's going on?” Raina pinched her nose in disgust.
“No clue.” Kris squinted, coughing harshly. Obviously a fire somewhere was pushing smoke into the region.  It was a bit early in the season for wildfires. Spring had just released its grip on the high country and only a hand full of weeks posted high temperatures. 
Raina grabbed a handful of fabric from Kris's shirt while they stood, perplexed over the surreal landscape. 
“I'm sorry. I'm being a bitch about Terri.  I never liked her much, but I guess she doesn't deserve to be cut into pieces.”  Raina knew better than to leave things unsettled between her and Kris. 
“You're not telling me anything new.  I know she's not your favorite person. I haven't forgotten.” Kris reminded Raina she wasn't brainless when it came to past events. Terri could be a devious skank. She created female enemies rather efficiently. Might have something to do with her knack for stealing men that were taken already. Her fondness for flocking to new guys that joined the staff was legendary.
Kris had resolved a thorny issue involving Terri last summer. Adam still denied screwing around with the red headed tramp while Kris and he were officially together. A lot of gossip coming out of the camp told a different story however. Whatever the truth was, Kris was positive that Adam hungrily accepted Terri's onslaught of sexual advances since their breakup. If there had been cheating, the entire blame did not rest on Terri alone. Adam was sexually charged constantly. Not in terms of conquest, but to satisfy an insatiable need for some release. Kris saw the inner demons he struggled with on a daily basis. If he turned to Terri and probably  many others in the park, Kris could only take further comfort in her decision to exit the relationship.
“Terri may have stolen away that real hottie I was lusting after, remember? But she was fucking Adam too. At the same time,” Raina said.
“I'm over that.” Kris thought back to last summer when Raina was head over heels for a new worker. Terri snatched him up fast. He ended up transferring to another park.
“I don't know why you don't hate her guts.”
“Raina, because. It's not worth it. Adam is just as slimy as she is and I don't know what the real story was back then. I don't care care anymore.”
“Okay whatever. Let's not talk about Terri anymore.”
“I wish they'd just find her. All this is amping my stress level. I had a big fight with Adam earlier. He's spreading more lies.”
Both girls started walking toward the trail leading back to camp.
“Like what?” Raina spit her gum into a bush.
“Apparently he's going around telling everyone we were together last night.” 
“What the fuck?” Raina grabbed a branch and snapped it off.
“I think he said it to cover his ass. I'm pretty sure he spent the whole night passed out on my porch.” Kris swallowed hard. “Waiting for me to come home.”
“But you never did, did ya?” Raina smiled.
“Exactly.” Kris half grimaced, her back intermittently aching as the path became steep.   
“Stay away from Adam. Kris, please. Don't even talk to him. Pretend he doesn't exist. You're too nice. He eats up any attention you give him.”
“I know. It's not exactly easy when we live in this place.” Kris snorted a short laugh, turning her attention toward the camp grounds and slowly moving people.  
“Hey, I'll see you later.” Raina trotted off, kicking up dust and walking backward.
“Why?” Kris called after. 
“Campfire meeting!” Raina yelled before bouncing around and skipping off. 
Campfire meeting again so soon? Things must be bad. Michael was surely caught up in the investigation. Kris tugged at her backpack and quickly started for her cabin. 

Chapter Sixteen

Michael tightly grasped a radio in one hand and a stack of papers containing new information on the missing girl in the other. Terri White wasn't well liked, and the spotty information gathered by amateur investigators didn't paint a cohesive picture. The other females attacked and killed were young, mostly naive, inexperienced park workers. Terri didn't fit that description. Since her body was yet to be found, Michael was leaning toward two possibilities. The perpetrator was taking greater care in covering his tracks, or Terri skipped out of the park, failing to notify anyone. 
Without respectable friends, why would she bother to announce her departure? But, conversely, she had a stable job at White Rock running the Willow Camp supply shop. Leaving behind the employment didn't make sense. What was her motivation?  People described her as  a city girl, partier, dissatisfied growing up in a small town and then turning to nearby White Rock. A scum bag boyfriend seemed to hold her attention from time to time, but the jerk had been contacted by authorities. The boyfriend displayed little concern for her whereabouts, and Michael was finding  an increase in the likelihood that foul play was involved. 
He stared down blankly at the scribbled notes once more. None of the details were relevant to the growing suspicion that she was dead. One thing clung to Michael's mind, however. She was loose. Sexually promiscuous to the point of seeking out people for graphic sexual acts. She cared not whether the participant was male or female, although most of her friends agreed she preferred men. According to several males who were willing to spill vivid details about sexual encounters with Terri, it was evident she was the resident porn star. Could her disappearance be an act of revenge by a former lover? 
Michael lay the stack of papers on the hood of his truck and grabbed a large coffee. Taking a  gulp of the warm drink, he imagined it was also possible Terri got high on drugs, went out for a walk and never came back. Experience nagged at him that the rational explanation didn't make sense in this case. He had to concede Terri was targeted by the same individual who was attacking and mutilating other women.
Visions of Kris interrupted his thought process.  As usual he knew the best avenue was to quickly suppress all thoughts of her.  Instinctively he knew the distraction of someone he cared about would cloud his judgment and ability to do his job. But flashbacks from the morning were teasing him. Her internal struggle to let go and trust him was probably par for the course. But he couldn't shake growing concern. 
Michael wished at that moment he could whisk Kris away from the park. She was at risk just like any other female. Her distraction with him could be putting her own life in great jeopardy. 
Michael loathed his selfish actions of wanting this gentle creature all to himself and somehow absorbing the goodness that flowed from her. Could it erase the darkness from him? It was wishful thinking. He was undeserving of her affections.  Perhaps putting a stop to the affair before it grew deeper was the responsible act. Future plans with a female was pointless. His history with the opposite sex ended with too much pain and turmoil.  A future with Kris was unthinkable at this point. It did not matter what he desired, or what she wanted. Avoiding casualties was the more important factor.
Hearing footsteps, Michael turned his attention to the trail on the other side of his truck. It was a rarely used path above Black Creek. The forest was thick and shrouded by heavy underbrush. On a hunch, Michael had decided to check it out, especially since the majority of the search team was down by the meadows and river. Eerie smoke hung low in the fleeting afternoon light. Michael cleared up the papers and other items off the hood of his truck, thrusting them back into the cab of the vehicle. Less than two hours remained until the campfire meeting. Not able to present any new information on the missing girl was frustrating. 
A tall figure stiffly making its way up the trail approached. Michael came around to the front of the truck. 
Expecting to greet a park tourist, Michael tried to shake the cloud of darkness over him. But as the stranger grew near, Michael took a step back. It was Kris's infamous ex boyfriend. 
At first Adam appeared startled, not expecting the head park ranger to be stationed in such a remote location. Adam tried to straighten his demeanor quickly, pretending  to be aloof. 
The front tires of the Dodge truck were parked right in the middle of the goddamn trail, Adam had little choice but to address the horrible man.  
Solicitously passing around Michael and the truck, Adam gave a quick nod. He'd much rather have skirted the idiot ranger and his bloated truck, but it was too late.  Deviating into the woods would of raised too much suspicion.
“Sir.” Adam gave a gruff greeting to the man who had stolen his girl.
“Adam, is it?” Michael was intrigued. Watching the lanky peculiar individual scuttle past, provoked him to engage a bit more. 
Adam slowed in his pace but refrained from turning around. He wanted to get the fuck out of there immediately. Internally he cursed himself for being so lost in thought about Kris, that he failed to see the Ranger's truck before it was too late. 
Turning to face Kris's new toy, Adam smirked at the asshole, who  obviously enjoyed playing a very dangerous game.
“Going for a hike?” Michael leaned casually against the truck.
Adam cocked his head in response. “Looks that way.”
A few moments of awkward silence passed. Adam  gave in, dishing out a little barb to the self important ranger. 
“Must be nice to be able to break the rules.” 
“And how's that?”
Adam pointed to the truck. “Ever hear of leave-no-trace?”
“I have.” Michael raised an eyebrow.
“Not supposed to drive vehicles this far up in the canyon.” Adam smugly informed him, since the idiot didn't seem to get it.
“I have an exception.” Michael studied the willowy man. 
“Well where do I sign up?” Adam snorted to himself, ready to keep walking.
“Kind of late in the day to head into  back country, isn't it?” 
“No.” Adam responded quickly. Shifting his pack he appeared slightly anxious.
Getting a good look at Adam's feeble luggage, Michael assumed this strange character wasn't going to be spending the night in high country. He carried far too little, judging from the size and weight of the day pack. But it wasn't a crime to take an ambitious hike late in the day either.
“You might want to be careful. The smoke from the fires gets pretty thick over that ridge.” Trying to diffuse the  tension, Michael thought offering some helpful information was in order.
“Great.” A thread of disgust laced Adam's response. 
“Certainly is nice to find a quiet trail, this time of day.” Michael acted as if the conversation had run its course. 
Adam remained, half torn about continuing on. He was highly curious about what the Ranger was doing at this particular location. It was too close.
“You just doing trail maintenance or something?” Adam asked.
“No. But maybe you can help me out.” Michael reached inside the cab of his truck, and grasped some papers.
“With what?” 
“We're looking for a missing girl.” Michael approached, stepping heavily over loose rock. 
“I thought everyone was all excited over somethin'.” 
Michael stopped a few feet away, sorting through the papers, prolonging Adam's unease.
“Oh you know how it is. Tourist season. People getting  lost.” Michael held out a photocopy of Terri. Adam began to reach for the picture, but withdrew his grasp after eying the photo. Shakily, he shoved his hand into a jacket pocket. 
“Do you know Terri White?” Michael asked.
“Not really. She works somewhere here. I think. I've heard her name mentioned.” Adam tried to brush off his apprehension. 
“She works at the Willow Camp store.” Micheal's voice slid down into a deeper tone. 
“I never go in there. Too expensive.”
“Have you seen her around lately?”
“No. Well, I don't think so. You should ask my ex-girlfriend, she probably knows where she is.”
“Ms. White lives a few doors down from you, is that right?”
“She might. Every year there's a bunch of new girls down that row. So many people coming and going. You know how that is, don't you? In your line of work, I would think it's pretty hard to keep faces and names straight.” Adam's speech was speeding up. 
“Well it is a challenge, but I do my best.”
Michael offered the flyer once more. “Why don't you  take one of these? And if you think of anything that could be of help, there's a number at the bottom.”  Michael grew serious. Adam's deviation from the truth about knowing Terri was troublesome.  
After having interviewed most of the camp workers that lived along the same row as Adam and Terri, there was little doubt to the ongoing sexual fornications between the two. While the tryst remained secretive to Kris, others were well aware of Adam's fondness for Terri in a rather deviant, and lustful context.
Some pretty raunchy times were had between the two. If Adam was as intent on getting back together with Kris, as many indicated, he would permanently damage his chances if Kris found out he was fucking Terri. Of course, Adam would not divulge his dealings with Terri at this point, for fear of becoming a suspect in her disappearance. Michael wasn't terribly convinced this spindly, depraved creature was capable of killing anyone. With an absence of solid evidence linking Adam to Terri's abrupt departure, Michael's hands were tied.  Instinct nagged at him, however. Surely, Adam played a role in something sleazy. Michael knew to be patient and let the facts drizzle out. Or wait until the pressure broke Adam down, forcing him to make damning mistakes.
“Nice Walther. P99. Not standard police issue. What type of ammo?” Adam's piercing eyes were fashioned to the large German firearm holstered on Michael's hip.   Michael was caught a little off guard, but knew suspects in distress often chatted on about ridiculous things. It was also an attempt on Adam's behalf to bolster his self importance.
The inference to his gun was Adam's way of quickly side stepping the uncomfortable situation, so Michael played along.
“.40 cal Federal Hydra-Shok JHP.” Michael informed him.
“Ah. Didn't think the park service allowed it.” Smirking, Adam continued, “Hmm, expanding loads delivered with the 40.  Recoil must be a bitch.” Adam rubbed his chin.
Placing his hand on the butt of the black firearm, Michael was annoyed with the arrogance of Adam. If his  purpose was to side step the Terri issue and prove he wasn't intimidated by authority, it was failing. Michael's patience grew thin.
“The recoil is no problem. I have no restrictions on choice of ammunition for this weapon.” Michael practically shoved the flyer at Adam once more.  
Adam snatched the sheet from him and took several bumbling steps backward. “I'll ask around.” Folding the paper, he tucked it into a front jacket pocket.
With the pungent smell of smoke and heavy ash crippling ease of breathing, Michael had not caught a whiff of the alcohol until that moment. He realized  Adam was very much a loner and probably hiked this far out to escape the confines of camp, finding solace to drink alone. 
“One last thing.” Michael called out, watching Adam traipse higher along the trail. 
“What?” Adam swiveled back a little, but kept walking. 
“You and Terri.” Michael spoke loudly, watching Adam wince as if  a painful splinter shot up his fingernail. 
“Excuse me?” 
“Did you guys ever go hiking?” Michael moved around to the other side of his truck.
“No!” Adam stopped for a minute, then added, “I heard she didn't like hiking anyway, so I would have never asked.” 
Michael opened the cab door and sat down. He doubted many females would accept a proposition of hiking from Adam. 
Terri may have been out in the woods. She may have been out with Adam, for whatever reason. Michael suspected she was still out here, somewhere.
With  hands grasping the steering wheel, commanding the truck over steep terrain, Michael tried to focus on the campfire meeting, but he couldn't disengage from the interaction with Adam. Everyone in camp was eager to point out how obsessed Adam was with Kris. Why didn't Adam display his jealousy at Michael back there?  It was his chance to vent some disgust, anger or even threaten Michael to stay away from his prized Kris. Something just wasn't right. 
Perhaps Kris could shed some more light on Adam. Michael sensed she contained a great deal of important details into Adam's foul character. But Michael would have to approach the topic carefully. His interrogation methods could bristle people the wrong way, and he sure as hell didn't want to chance screwing up the sensitive ground between he and Kris. Previous thoughts of cutting off relations with her seemed impossible.

~ ~ ~
Swearing violently under his breath, Adam kept pausing to take a good long look back to see if the authoritarian ranger was gone. Once he was sure of not being followed or watched, Adam stumbled back down the trail to where the truck had blocked a key point. 
Adam noted the old rotted pine tree stump, and turned sharply for a thicket of trees flanking a steep ravine. The trail split into a Y, but since it was hard to find, most people missed it. 
Eying the ground, and moving dirt and debris around with his boot, Adam methodically searched for any trace of her blood. 
Once he was satisfied, he set to work laying leaf and tree matter all over the ground. Even with fires in the high country, hikers were sure to traverse this trail. Taking a swift drink of whiskey from his flask, Adam shed his backpack and then started down the ravine.  He had to make sure the body couldn't be easily spotted from the trail. Terri wasn't the skinniest bitch on the planet. 
Sliding down the steep embankment, loose rocks constantly broke free and hit the body below. At several points, Adam nearly lost his foothold. Without rope to tie himself onto a tree or boulder, he tumbled along, a bit out of control until reaching the bottom. Pulling thorny branches from his clothing, Adam slid down a bit further. Terri's body lay on a small jut of granite, poking out from the scree field. Right below was a small stream, its banks heavily lined with Manzanita and scrub brush. 
Digging a large grave in the steep hillside next to thickly rooted trees wasn't an option. If that ridiculous search and rescue team made their way over here, the dogs would surely sniff out the body. 
“Bitch.” Adam stared down at Terri's grey, swollen flesh. Dried blood was caked around her face and limbs. Pulling a bandanna around his own nose and mouth, Adam began kicking and shoving at the side of her body. He kept shoving until it heavily rolled off the granite shelf into the stream. The water was fairly cold, and pooled up around her body. It was just deep enough for her to be submerged. Hopefully wild beasts would leave it alone. Wheezing heavily, Adam sat back on the narrow edge of the stream. He sucked down a long drink of whiskey. Recapping it, he coughed violently. The only real solution was to burn her. But not today. Tomorrow would be better. The risk of her putrid body smoking up the canyon was too great. Word of a campfire meeting was circulating before he left, and with the amphitheater down wind of this area, Adam knew he had little choice but to wait. 
Tomorrow he would hike back to the creek, bringing some fuel like white gas or propane. Get her really burnt to a crisp, which wouldn't be easy now that she was in the water.  Even the most diligent search team wouldn't find much left of her. And that clueless, self-deluded Ranger surely would not find Terri's body. Adam was positive Michael wouldn't find the next one either.

Chapter Seventeen

Wiping a trace of sweat from her brow, Kris dragged her feet up the path, past several large granite boulders, and finally reached the cool confines of the thick forest.  Nature's air conditioning, or swift currents cascading off snow capped mountain peaks, was noticeably absent. Oppressive heat had settled into the region, as well as a thick haze of smoke. Breathing heavily, Kris pushed herself to get home in spite of the hazardous air. 
Practically tripping up her rickety steps, she fumbled for her keys, and let out a raspy cough.  Impatient and tired, she rattled the lock and thrust the door open.  Dank, musty air greeted her senses. She did not enter the cabin. Swearing a bit under her breath, she leaned down to untie her shoes. A small brown bag with the park logo sat aside the door. A small golden bow was fastened at the top.  Kris stared at the gift in bewilderment, and kicked off her other shoe. Straightening up, she glanced around seeking a clue as to who had left this gift. Only a bluish haze choked the camp. 
Kris carefully took the bag, and cautiously peered inside. A large smile emerged across her face. Quickly she went in and pushed the door shut.  A few hours remained until the campfire meeting. She desperately needed a nap and something to eat. After yanking hard to open   windows, she busied herself looking for food. Finding nothing but old granola bars, Kris settled on making coffee. Messily she dumped coffee grinds into a tiny filter basket, then filled a metal pot with a bottle of water laying on the floor. She lit her little camp stove, and waited for the water to boil. Impatient, she returned  to  the mysterious gift. 
Carefully untying the bow she reached in, touching thin, sheer fabric. Slowly withdrawing it, she knew instantly what it was and why it was given.  A beautiful little red halter dress. Not found in any store within White Rock, that she knew of.  And it was red. A color Kris seldom wore.  The gesture was quite obvious.  Michael was offering a replacement after tearing apart her attire the previous night.  Smiling to herself, Kris scrambled to her feet and fished for a hanger in her foot locker. She hung the dress on a coat hook near the door and stood back to admire it.
A red dress. Well, maybe more coral than red. Perhaps Michael intended for her to wear it that evening? To the  campfire meeting? Such a nice piece of clothing seemed too far out of place to wear to the dirty bowels of the amphitheater. Or, did he mean for her to wear it another time? Why leave it on her door this evening? 
Kris returned to the coffee and poured steaming water into a titanium mug. She set the tiny basket in the water to steep. A crude way of making crappy coffee, but it was all she had. Kris coughed and nervously sat on her bed while gazing at the dress. The hem was much too short in her estimation, nowhere near her level of modesty.  Kris would certainly acquire the title of camp prostitute if she wore it tonight. 
Forgetting the coffee, Kris slumped over on the bed, and soon fell fast asleep. 

~ ~ ~
Adam spit at the ground, unsheathing his large tactical knife. Rubbing the flat side of the blade with the edge of his thumb, he strolled aimlessly back into the dense forest. His disgust with Kris was intolerable.  And that damned Ranger! How dare the fool accost him with such probing questions. Kris's crazy personality was matched perfectly to that rogue wannabe. Two stubborn traitors. He was tired of waiting for impending disaster with this burdensome affair. Adam's thoughts gravitated toward punishment. The ranger had the law on his side. But Kris was easily manipulated. She was insecure within relationships. Adam needed to find the best way to remind her that she was a cruel and awful girlfriend. Advise her that the only option was returning to the one man who knew intricate details about her.  Only Adam could endure her two faced personality and low self esteem. She just needed a taste of how things used to be. 
Adam found a small clearing in the brush, carefully stepping out, eying the surroundings. That bastard, Randy took far more notice than usual to Adam's whereabouts lately. Why didn't these stupid people keep to themselves? Privacy was a foreign concept to these ridiculous humans, Adam thought. Everyone at this forsaken camp was constantly in each others' business. Gladly one less whore walked the face of the earth. Terri White was done   spewing her twisted merriment around. A loose bitch that shouldn't have trusted him.  Adam had grown tired of fucking her. She was screwing everybody and deserved to be put out of her demented misery. And even if Kris discovered his sexual relations with Terri, at least the bimbo was no  longer around to confirm or deny what had taken place. 
Adam strode out between two vacant cabins. He often took solace in the northeast side. The infamous ghost town section, with rotting cabins flapping in the breeze. Ancient dwellings from early on in the park's history, yet mired in political red tape due to fanatical historians who wanted to preserve the structures. Adam once sided with the crazy folks, but now every season, more people frequented the cabins. It was a desired location for having parties or doing drugs. Screams, noises, clatter went unnoticed. And even better,  rangers and security never patrolled the area. You could smoke weed all night and crawl off to work in the morning and nobody would care. 
But now, all sorts of idiots used the ghost camp. Newbie park workers, misguided tourists and it was even rumored Beth Taylor had fucked that ranger Falkenrath here. Talk from officials had restarted recently about unleashing the bulldozers on the dilapidated camp.
Adam withdrew a cigarette from the band of his hat and dangled it between his thin lips. Lighting it quickly with a small plastic lighter, he inhaled the pungent smoke. Relaxing at his regular spot of cabin 606, he delayed his journey back to the main camp.  Thinking hard, he tried to remember where he last stashed a can of fuel. Buying a new one wasn't an option at the moment. Too suspicious. There used to be an old rusty can of propane underneath  some loose floor boards of his cabin. 
Memories instantly surfaced thinking about all the backpacking junk secretly lying under his abode.  He told Kris he threw it out in a fit of rage after their last excursion. A trip that he and Kris took last summer. One of the best times of his life. And now she was ready and willing to throw all the memories, experiences and their love, into a deep abyss. 
The sound of crunching footsteps cemented his thoughts to a halt. Fearing it was someone who would recognize him, Adam quickly disappeared in between the cabins. Ready for a quick departure into the forest, he paused, slightly curious to identify the visitor. Quietly he snuffed his smoke into the dirt. Peeking around the corner of one cabin, he waited impatiently. 
Emerging slowly was a young girl. He did not recognize her. In fact, she appeared much too juvenile to work at the park. His mood lightened some. She walked slowly, peering into each vacant cabin, touching the sides of the old canvas and ripped cloth.
Narrowing his eyes, Adam entertained some radical thoughts, which quickly morphed into some strange excitement. The euphoria rose within him, to the point he desperately needed relieve himself. Sliding back out of sight, he fumbled with the front of his pants, hoping he wasn't making too much noise.  Distracted, he did not hear the footsteps coming closer.
“Hi.” 
“Shit.” Adam jerked, glancing sideways at her. 
“Oh sorry.” She put a hand to her mouth, gawking at him.
“Who the hell are you?” Partially buzzed from the whiskey earlier, Adam wasn't quite sure if he was embarrassed to be caught relieving himself, or pleasantly disturbed.
“Don't mind me.” The girl twirled a section of  cherry red hair around a finger, keenly observing. Adam frowned harshly.
“What are you doing over here? It's off limits.” Adam angrily spat, then grasped a pack of cigarettes from his back pocket. 
“Can I bum one?” The girl asked.
Scowling, Adam approached the spry adolescent, and held out a mangled box of smokes toward her. She produced a pink lighter, from a rather tight pocket. Watching her dig fingers into the fabric of skimpy little shorts was  quite enthralling.
“How old are you?”
The girl laughed as if she'd heard the question before.
“Eighteen.”
“Your parents know where you are?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Why do you care?”
Adam strode over to the steps he sat before, and rested his foot.
“Because mommy and daddy are going to come looking for you and get my ass in trouble.” 
“My mom and step dad don't know where the fuck I am. They'll find me when I want them to. Do you work here?”
Adam took a long drag on his cigarette, staring over the girl.
“Nope.”
“You have that logo on your sweatshirt. I seen it all over the place.”
“So? I'm just vacationing here.” Adam tried thinking of a convincing lie.
“Oh. This place sucks. It's so boring. There's nothing to do.” The girl took several long puffs, blowing the smoke from her brightly painted lips. She resembled a cheap version of a 1950's pin-up model.
“Yeah. This place is cursed,” Adam said.
“So why are you over here? If it's off limits and all.”
“My girlfriend works here. She's off, fucking around on me.”
“Right now?” 
“She's been cheating on me all summer.” Adam loved the look of horror on this girl's pretty little face. Even if it was a just an act.
“What a bitch. What are you going to do?”
“I don't know.” Adam flicked his cigarette onto the ground. It landed a few yards away, a slight breeze teasing the residual smoke.
“You should totally cheat on her. To get back, ya know? Like screw somebody she's close to.” The girl confidently blurted.
“Think so?”
“I know so dude. You have to teach bitches like that a lesson. Otherwise, they keep doin' that shit.” 
“You seem pretty tough.” Adam hoped a compliment would gain further trust.
“I am. I guess. I hafta be.”
“Are you really 18?”  
The girl didn't like the question, it was plainly obvious. 
“You look older for your age. Just wondering,” Adam said.
“How old are you?” The girl spat back.
“32.” Adam fibbed a little. 
“That's old.”
“Perhaps.”
“I'm really 15.” She relented.
“You don't look it.”
“So, why is your girlfriend cheating on you?” The girl took her cigarette between two fingers, then let it drop onto the ground. She stretched downward, touching her toes. Adam couldn't help but stare, hungrily. It was the most provocative thing he'd seen all day.
“She can't handle me,” Adam said.
The girl nodded, gazing up at the cabin before her. 
“These are cool. So, like, nobody uses them?” 
“Nope. You can go inside. Supposed to be historical.” Adam was positively giddy. This hot little number was playing a real intriguing game with him.
After bouncing up the creaky steps, the girl spun around twice inside. She pinched her nose like a foolish teenager.
“They stink!” She kicked some dried leaves on the floor.
“People do strange stuff in them,” Adam said.
“So why can't your girlfriend handle you?” 
“You wouldn't understand.” Adam played along,  confident her continued badgering on the subject of cheating was just a ploy. Grabbing his crotch to give his male goods a bit of an adjustment, Adam sighed loudly to make the gesture didn't go unnoticed.
“Oh, a big boy, are ya?” The girl licked the sides of her mouth.
“Hasn't anyone told you? It's not the size that matters.”
“Uh-huh.” She toyed, “So, what, your stupid girlfriend isn't good in bed?” 
An amateur comment, but Adam was getting so turned on, he could hardly stand it. 
“It's not about that.” Adam approached. Awash in arrogance and so assured in where this  game was going, he decided the time was perfect.
“Hey, what do you think you're doing?” She smiled enthusiastically.  
Adam quickly tore down his fly, grabbed his  appendage and displayed it proudly for her to see.
“You gonna fuck me, mister?” She cocked her head, practically begging him.
“I was thinking about it.” Adam grasped her shoulders. He forced off a flimsy little sweater,  innocently covering her young, perky breasts. Thrusting his cock right up against her, Adam practically drooled over this pestering little whore. The girl wasted no time in grabbing him like a stick shift on a car.
“You're gonna wish you stayed with mommy and daddy,” Adam said.
“Oh yeah? Promise?” She teased.
“See that railing? Grab onto it.” Adam swiveled her around, pushing them both toward the far wall of the tent. 

~ ~ ~

Groggy, Kris opened her eyes with some distress.  Her body and mind felt  abnormally unresponsive. The only indication that she wasn't lost in some dream was the irregular slapping noise of the open window banging against the wall. A stiff, hot breeze tousled the curtains back and forth. 
Kris wiped the perspiration off her brow with the back of a shaky hand. 
It would make sense to wear a dress. Wouldn't it? The thick blanket of heat distorted her thoughts.  Glancing blurry-eyed at her watch, she realized the hour had advanced quite a bit since laying down for a nap.  Nervousness jolted her sluggish system. She'd have to really hurry to be at the meeting on time now. 
Thirty minutes later, showered, and wide awake, Kris traveled down a narrow forest trail that lead to the amphitheater. Only a few streams of light remained from the day, casting eerie orange shadows on the ground.  The meeting was due to start in fifteen minutes. It took an average of 20 minutes to reach the clearing, even at a brisk pace. Kris didn't want to make such a bold entrance. Hopefully the meeting would start late and she could sneak in.
But every time she thought of the reception she was about to receive at the bonfire, her stomach did a back flip. In her quickness and anxiety of getting ready, she'd barely noticed the increased thickened shroud of pungent smoke. It had grown much worse.  
 ~ ~ ~

Adam felt the bile rising in the back of his throat. 
“You should get going.” 
“Why? I don't have to be anywhere. My mom and step dad were going to dinner and are probably sitting around having drinks still.  We can do that again, if you want. Like, you can do anything you want to me.” 
“You're on something.” 
“Maybe. Want some?” The girl held out a small bag with small white pills.
“What are they?”
“Ecstasy.” 
“Christ. Where'd you get them?” 
“My step brother's friend. Actually I took them from his drawer at home. Like, so, he's never there, and I can take whatever and he never even knows they're gone. And my mom is so stupid for, like, marrying my step dad. His kids are so messed. It's so fucking great.”
The urge to shut this cunt up was ruling Adam's thoughts. The darkness encircled him. Every idea centered on watching bright red blood course from her, and her life end, justifiably. It would be doing this privileged brat a favor. Only then would the returning dark plague that arose from the far reaches of his mind, simmer down. 
Fucking this tight bitch had pleased him for exactly five seconds. Her stupid noises and performance were  so fake he wanted to vomit. 
“I don't even know your name.” Dressed now, the girl splayed herself on the steps of the cabin.
“And you won't,” Adam said.
“Aww. How come? Don't you want to meet up later? I'm here for a week. You can come for a midnight visit to my cabin. Or I can sneak out and meet you here.”
“You need to leave.” Adam warned, hardly able to speak. Killing a tourist, even an ill behaved child, would bring an unprecedented amount of law enforcement to the area. It would overshadow his main goal. 
“So. So, like, you have to get back to your girlfriend? You  should so tell her you screwed me. I'd like to meet her. Will you introduce us?” 
“Get the hell outta here.” Adam growled. 
Looking very dejected, the girl stood.
“Well maybe I'll come back tomorrow, okay? Will you be here?” She started walking backwards slowly. 
“No,” Adam said.
“Well. Jeez, you're uptight. Come see me later, okay? We have a big black SUV. Well, my fake dad does. It's parked at our camp site. They won't know who you are. You can come say hi and we can go do fun things together.”
“Don't come back here,” Adam said, ignoring the rest of her dribble.
The girl smiled, not realizing how close she'd come to losing her life. Adam watched her turn and skip back up the row of cabins, her perky ass beckoning him to follow. 
Cross about losing his self control to a 15 year old, Adam grabbed his backpack and started  for the staff camp. It was getting late, and he still needed to find the fuel, and make an appearance at the campfire meeting. His head was pounding profusely. 

~ ~ ~
The clearing mysteriously crept up way too soon. Kris was not mentally prepared to face her peers while adorning a red, skimpy dress.  Absent of the usual golden blaze from the campfire, a solemn atmosphere shrouded the amphitheater. Staff personnel milled around, and some stood together heavily engaged in conversation. Kris inhaled a nervous breath, but only sputtered and choked as smoke constricted her airways. 
Predictably, heavy gawking commenced the moment she emerged from the safe haven of thick pines.  Raucous chatter emanated from bustling groups scattered around the clearing. Kris recognized a few people. She knew they  didn't mean ill will in their reaction, but others most certainly likened her to a cheap attention-seeker. Eager to blend in, Kris found an empty log way in  back, and dropped her bag to the ground. Her face flushed bright red.  
“Oh my dear god.” Raina  flocked to Kris's side so hard and fast she practically toppled them both to the ground. “Are you insane?” Staring at Kris dead in the eye,  speaking at a deafening level, Raina was horrified. “There's a vicious attacker out here and you're signaling come and get me? Are you totally mad? Have you lost your scruples?” Raina asked.
Kris felt the blood drain from her face and puddle into her empty stomach. Of course her mind had been focused on anything but the danger of the park attacks. 
Fidgeting with the hem of the dress, Kris searched for a viable excuse. 
“It's really hot. I woke up and just grabbed whatever. Give me a small damn break, Raina!” 
“Woke up? Well that explains why you're late. And you didn't just grab whatever.” Raina jutted out her hands at the dress.
“Leave me alone. I'm self conscious enough. Obviously now I'm regretting the decision to wear this. I should of showed up in my usual black ninja outfit.” 
“Well ordinarily, I would tell you you look really nice and you should wear stuff like this more often. But with Adam pestering you and the park creeper on the loose, I think this is a poor wardrobe choice. It screams, come and get me.”
“I get it. Lower your damn voice.” Kris became overwrought with embarrassment. Everyone must think her to be an idiot of epic proportions.  She tore open her backpack and yanked out a sweatshirt. 
“It's not like you to go this far to get a man's attention. And by man, I mean Mr. Ranger. I doubt he has time for you now, with the search and all.” 
“That's just plain mean.” Kris pulled the sweatshirt over her head, and threaded her arms into the soft fabric of the sleeves. Employee issued ware, it was black with a large green White Rock National Park logo on the back. Kris's  full name was embroidered in small tan letters on the front. 
“I'm only telling you the truth. If you're going to be this lame with a new boyfriend, someone has to slap you upside the head.” Raina stood up. “You've been acting like a bitch the past few days, Kris.”
“Then blame me.” A cavernous voice resonated from behind. Michael stepped into sight, instantly adding to Raina's disapproval. 
“I gave it to her.” He informed the short-haired spitfire.
Raina's jaw dropped for a second.
“Well Kris didn't have to wear it tonight.” Leveling a disapproving stare before stomping off, Raina hardly glanced at Michael.
Kris painfully watched her go, torn whether or not to traipse after her best friend. But she felt glued to the log, not wanting to bring forth anymore unwanted attention. 
Michael slowly sat down next to Kris.
“You have a feisty friend there.” He placed a hand on her thigh. 
“I would normally say Raina is just looking out for me,  but right now I'm too pissed and really want to leave.” Kris stared at the ground, avoiding eye contact. 
Michael reached around her lower back. “You didn't have to wear the dress tonight. That wasn't my intention.” 
“Fine, have a nice meeting.” Kris attempted to stand quickly, but pressure on her hip from Michael's hand brought her squarely back down.
“You're not going anywhere.”
“I think you should leave me alone right now.” Kris nervously glanced around, hoping no one was watching.
“What I meant to say is, it's going to be a rather difficult task concentrating on  serious issues up there.” He nodded toward the podium. “I'd much rather take you back to my place.” 
“Maybe Raina is right.” Kris ignored him.
“Actually I don't think I can wait to get you back to my place. Yours is closer.”
“Don't you have a meeting to start?” 
“I'm waiting on Beth to get out here.” Michael teased the fabric of her dress.
“I'm sorry, I haven't thanked you. I would thank you, but I'm pissed,” Kris said.
Michael moved his hand  to the top of her leg.
“Well you can be pissed.” Michael was heavily turned on at her staged discontent. 
“You aren't taking me seriously.”
“Perhaps.” Michael smiled. “Your friend is just looking out for you.”
“What if I'm pissed at you?”
“That's fine.”
“Really?”
“You have every right.” 
“Any news on Terri?” Kris sighed, changing the subject. She didn't understand his amusement at her foul mood.
“No we haven't located her. The fire in the high country is getting worse. Search and rescue is scaling back. Damn idiots.”
“Shit, what the hell else is going to happen? Bad things come in threes, right?” 
“I'm not a big believer in spooky stuff like that. Just try and relax. Don't go anywhere. Okay?” Placing his finger under her chin, he slowly turned her to face him. “Okay?”
Kris reluctantly nodded. Testing the waters of disobedience with Michael probably wasn't the smartest idea.  
“I'll find you after the meeting.” Michael leaned in,  gently kissing her.  Frozen at the uncharacteristic act of  affection in public view, Kris could barely return the embrace. Michael stood, gazing down at her with great concern, keen on the fact that she was mightily confused and very wary.
Kris slumped in her seat watching him walk away.  Threading her fingers together in her lap, Kris fought to ignore the probing eyes of onlookers. Apparently keeping their connection concealed was no longer a priority for Michael. 

~ ~ ~
“I need to speak with you, after this is over.” Beth Taylor mouthed sharply, brushing past Michael. A dry breeze tousled her fiery auburn hair. She paused, slapping a folder of papers against her leg, demanding he acknowledge her.
Michael bore his eyes at the flagrant administrator. He was prepared for the fallout of kissing Kris moments ago. But knowing Beth, she would bide her time until they were alone.  She swept her eyes over him dismissively, and then spit out another  pronged directive.
“Get this damn thing started. I want it over now.” 
Michael strode past, brushing off Beth's thorny attitude. What a betrayal it must be for the wench. A revelation and bitter taste of reality for her to witness his affection for someone else. The shameful behavior she had displayed earlier in the season in a  concerted attempt to retain his attention, was now contorted into bursts of anger.  Late hours of the night Beth would knock at his door, draped in tight fitting blouses or shorts that left nothing to the imagination. It was commonplace for her to call him out of the field with urgency, into her office, like a sad test of loyalty. Michael was void of respect for the whore, but unfortunately she was the boss. An inept and inexperienced choice for the head of White Rock. Her failure to lead and manage daily ongoings of the place was so painfully apparent, Michael was unwaveringly convinced she'd acquired the position by screwing her way to the top. Perhaps those who she consorted with became as disgruntled as Michael was now. Perhaps she was pushed off to other positions because others needed to untangle themselves from the needy witch.  
But it wasn't the first time a female in a position of power over him behaved so unprofessionally and egregiously. If he didn't loose his job after tonight, he'd quit soon enough. 
They weren't going to find this missing girl. Incompetence surrounded the search, which put Beth at the center of blame. Plus, he felt the perpetrator was getting better at covering his tracks. 
“And Falkenrath?” 
Michael turned from his approach onto the podium.
“I don't want to hear any deviation from what's on that sheet.” She pointed to a rumpled piece of paper in his hand. “These degenerates don't need a silly debriefing coming out of your mouth.” 
Michael stalled. Well aware of the official statements he was supposed to make, which were vague and superfluous crap, Beth's little abrasive reminder was far from necessary. Defiance rose fast within him. He descended back towards her with an icy stare.  
“I suggest you turn around and get this meeting started right now. That is if you still want a job tomorrow morning,” she said.
“I am not the one that should be worried about my job.” Michael spoke low and harsh, “Still want to see me afterward?” 
Beth brushed her wiry brown-red hair  over a shoulder, eying the crowd of misfits, and checking to see if anyone noticed the tense relations taking place.
“Stop wasting time.” 
“That's a funny thing to say.”
“Oh? And why is that?” Beth said through tightly clenched teeth.
“You seem to have all the time in the world to come knocking on my door.” Michael reminded her.
Beth's mouth dropped open slightly. But she wasn't ready to retreat.
“Quite right. However it was mutual if I recall, and if you'd like to talk about wasting time, I suggest we take a look at your little escapades with the blond bimbo.”  Beth turned bright red in the face. “That's against park policies and you're going to be fired for it.” 
Under any other circumstances, Michael would have throttled her for calling Kris a bimbo. He knew it was a ploy to provoke and rattle him, but he ignored the jab for the moment. 
“You're not going to fire me. Not for breaking some vague park policy. Not when I have an exemplary record.  So Beth, I'd like to apprise you of something a little more damning on your behalf.” Fully off the podium now, and half hidden by dark shadows, Michael's disgust had reached a tipping point. 
“Let's not air our dirty laundry right now. It can wait until later,” Beth said. 
“No. I'm not meeting with you later. I'm going to make a call to Darren Thorne in Washington. Then I'm going to file papers against you for sexual harassment. And before you open your fat lips again, I'm sure I don't have to remind you that I'm not the only staff you've been fucking for purposes of manipulation.” Smiling with an evil force, Michael nodded and returned to the podium. 
“And, one more thing. I so much as get a rumor that you've gone after Kris Bay, you'll wish you never met me.” 
“That's a threat. You can't threaten me. How dare you!” Beth's eyes were about to pop from her head.  “This isn't over You are way out of line.” Face burning red, she twisted around and stomped out of sight. 
Beth stormed past other rangers and staff hanging off to the side. Some were shocked but others pleasantly entertained by  the showdown. Beth promptly removed herself from the spotlight and faded off into the dark shroud of  pine saplings and thick foliage. Her thoughts were disjointed and emotionally charged.  If Michael wanted to play around with the little Norwegian bitch, that was fine and dandy. But he could not get away with diminishing her authority and threatening her in front of employees. 
“What's up boss lady?” 
Beth let out a little screech as a short, stocky ranger paused to greet her in the dark. 
“You should be at the meeting,” she said.
“I know I'm a little late. But -”
“Try to be on time. We set the example, remember that.” Beth hurried off, not interested in the park dispatcher's excuse.
 “Bitch.” Damon muttered and continued on.

~ ~ ~
“You have an admirer.” Raina returned, plopping down  firmly against Kris. 
“I don't want to know,” Kris said.
“Well he's over there.” Raina pointed toward the far end of the amphitheater. At first Kris saw nothing except trees and dark forest. But then she realized Adam was leaning casually against a Lodgepole Pine, staring directly at her. 
“Creeper. I wonder why he's here.” Kris mouthed slowly. “He never attends these things.”
“He's spyin' on ya.” Randy appeared out of thin air.
“Hey woodchuck, what's up?” Raina slapped her hand against his in a high-five gesture. 
“Nuthin' sweetheart. Sorry I'm super late. What's going on?” 
“Total crap. You missed a fight between the Ranger and Beth Taylor. It was a doosie. I was waiting to see who was gonna throw the first punch.”
“Jeez Raina.” Kris tried to shush her.
“I'm not surprised. It makes sense,” Randy said.
“What makes sense?” Raina asked.
“Lover's quarrel.” Randy poured some trail mix into his mouth.
“Between them two? Well, there's rumors all over the park he's bopping her.” Raina grabbed some of Randy's snack mix.
“You guys sound like you're still in high school. And it's just rumors.” Kris grew cross.
“No, I know Beth goes over to Michael's place. Travis lives across from him. He's told me plenty. Sees her leaving at like 3 in the morning,” Randy said.
“Figures.” It was old news to Raina but she knew it would be tough for Kris to swallow. 
“I don't believe any of it. Travis is too busy getting high at that hour. Or drunk.” Kris  gazed  at Michael on the podium.
“Travis doesn't get high or drunk that late at night. And even if he was bombed, he would be so passed out nothing would disturb him. He has no reason to make this crap up. I think it's quite possible Beth has a thing going on with the Ranger.” Randy lowered his voice, realizing this information was quite unnerving for Kris to hear.
“I told you Kris. This guy is no good,” Raina said.
“I wish everyone would just shut up,” Kris said dryly.
“Well has he mentioned it?” 
“Oh yeah, all the time.” Kris flashed Raina a nasty look.
“Okay, wait, maybe not the best topic right now.” Randy threw a peanut at Raina.
“Maybe he's using Kris to get back at Beth?” Raina could not let the issue rest. 
“Raina – please!” Kris was getting highly agitated.
“Does he seem like that kind of person?” Randy rubbed his chin.
“I'm not going to talk about this any further,” Kris said.
“We just care about you. We don't want to you get hurt. Again.” Raina hugged Kris from the side.
“I realize that. It's really bad timing right now.” Kris knew there was nothing she could say to Raina or Randy that would end the suspicion of Michael  sleeping around. This gossip came up way too often.  
But was it possible? Kris had to assume it was without real evidence. And even if she approached Michael about it,  he could just tell her what she wanted to hear. The truth was elusive.
“What are you going to do?” Randy asked.
“You know, I don't care right now. Apparently I'm a target wearing a dress. Terri is still missing and this smoke has me feeling like shit. I don't know what I'm going to do, Randy,” Kris said. 
“We're just trying to help.” Raina got up and wandered off.
Randy put his arm around Kris and squeezed her momentarily before going back to his snack. 
“Sorry to bring all that up. You know how it is here.” 
“I know. I fucking know.” Kris rubbed her eyes and hoped this meeting would soon be over. “The gossip  never ends. I'm sure it's still being circulated that Adam and I are together.”
“Oh, by the way I heard that.  Yup. You and Adam.” Randy cocked his head and smiled.

~ ~ ~
“So try and travel in pairs, and carry something for self defense,” Michael said.
“How come you can't find her?!” A tall lanky kid stood up angrily waving his hands in the air.
Michael knew he was expected to show restraint in answering but he was more inclined to tell the truth.
“As you know we have search and rescue checking  every known location for Ms. White. All viable leads are checked out.”
“A lot good they're doing. How come there's no helicopters or dogs?” 
“Simon, is it?” Michael recognized the hot headed kid.  “We had a helicopter and several cadaver dogs. Unfortunately they have been called off.”
A sea of gasps and expletives resounded from the gathering.  
Several people stood, yelling  and talking over each other. “Cadaver dogs? Is she presumed dead then? Why do you need those?” 
Michael hesitated, looking down at his notes. He was not authorized to give out any further details. Beth could fire him instantaneously and she would have good cause. 
“The dogs are just standard procedure. The backcountry fires are preventing us from narrowing down where she went missing.” Michael's voice grew loud.
“Who the hell called off the helicopter and dogs?” Another voice boomed. 
The person responsible for canceling out the dogs and helicopter felt they weren't necessary and too costly. Oh how he longed to blurt the whore's name, Beth, but it would fracture the integrity of the entire park. Everything was speeding out of control and the person at the helm had to retain some amount of measurable control. As much as he hated Beth as captain of the ship, there was too much at stake to reveal her incompetence now. 
“You deserve to know, I agree. But this investigation is ongoing and it could become compromised if too much information is released at this time.”  
Amidst the chatter and raised voices, Michael tried to answer more heated questions. Finally he smacked the microphone loudly, producing an ear piercing crash.
“Please. I need to wrap this up. It's late and we all need to work tomorrow. If anyone knows anything, even something you think is inconsequential, please come to me or any of my colleagues. We are placing a bulletin board near the roundabout tomorrow. Please check it for updates and notifications of new meetings.” Michael gestured to the row of other rangers who had now united behind him at the podium.
Slowly, people started to get quiet and shushed others to quit talking.
“This investigation is not my only duty here. Yes, we are short staffed. Everyone please work together and be careful so one of you doesn't become the next victim.” Michael's voice grew raspy.
“Why isn't more security brought in?” Simon Trader spoke once again.
Michael stared down at his tattered notes and then back out at the worried faces.
“We're trying to pull some more officers in from other locations. Due to budget constraints, it's unlikely we will get extra personnel.” He lied. Beth didn't want her reputation tarnished, especially when dealing with a crime ravaged park, so she wanted everything handled within. No outside security, no desperate calls for extra support from the head office in Washington, and definitely no reports leaked to the media, which would only stir the pot and keep tourists away. 
“He's lying.”
Kris cringed instantly at hearing Adam's  voice. He finally came forward from his shrouded hiding spot within the trees.  Stillness gripped the clearing. Many people twisted around to see who had blurted this accusation. 
“Good of you to join us Mr. Hoth. I'm sorry you feel the need to accuse me of being a liar. I would encourage you to listen to the facts, they will most certainly lead you to what I just explained.” Michael spoke out sternly.
“And what was that, again?”Adam asked.
“That we are trying to pull in extra help, but it is costly and not available. That doesn't mean it won't happen, but it could take time.” Michael motioned to the others behind him and then spoke quickly for the last time.
“This meeting is over. Any further questions or concerns, please look at the bulletin board tomorrow or you can visit headquarters during daylight hours. Thank you.” He quickly flicked off the microphone and stepped away from the podium. 
People started dispersing immediately. Michael quickly briefed his lower command. 
The lies were tearing at his stomach. The back of his neck was so hot, he had to reach back to touch it, making sure it wasn't on fire. His only thought now was to stop Kris from running off alone in that damn red dress. 

~ ~ ~
“Need an accompaniment?”
“Go away Adam.” Kris knew he'd come over to pester her soon or later.
“Are you off with him tonight?” Adam made it a point to glare in Michael's direction who was still speaking to co-workers. 
“What the hell have you been doing? You smell awful.” Kris bit at him, her mood becoming further soured.
Adam chuckled as if her remarks were just fun and games. 
“I needed a long walk. Ask your boyfriend.” Adam pulled a water bottle from his pack and slowly screwed off the top.
“Did you walk into a lake of gasoline? What does Michael have to do with it?”  
After taking a  drink from the bottle, Adam  sighed heavily and offered the water to Kris. She immediately pushed it away.
“We had a nice long chat in the forest,” Adam said.
“About what?” Kris grew fiery.
“You of course.” 
“Right. Like I should believe that. You accuse Michael of lying, and then slither over here to  spew a bunch of lies at me? Get lost. Get out of here. I want nothing to do with you.”
“Kris, one of these days it will finally it hit you. I'm not going anywhere.”
“Then I'm going to scream.” Kris grabbed her things, looking around for Randy or Raina, who mysteriously disappeared the second Adam emerged. 
“Go ahead and scream. Scream, honey, scream.” Adam taunted. “Tell me, Kris,” he licked his lips,  “do you scream for him? When he fucks you, do you scream out? Maybe at the sight of his big ranger dick?”
“You're the nastiest person I know.” Kris backed up into a log. Nearly falling, she caught herself and  climbed over.
“Yes, but you love that about me.”
“I hope you die. I hope whoever is out there killing people, finds you next and slashes your throat.” Quickly, anger turned into sad frustration. Tears welled up in her bloodshot eyes. Adam contained a look of smug satisfaction. He'd won this round with her.  Clearly she was unraveling, and all his hard work was paying off.
“I'm not a female, sadly, so I have nothing to be worried about,” Adam said.
Kris gazed heavily at him. Confused at such an odd statement, her brain grew fuzzy. It was time to leave and get the hell back to camp before she and Adam were the last ones remaining. 
Kris hurriedly walked off toward the upper trail. It would be a much longer path home, but being a wider and more heavily used trail, Adam probably wouldn't follow. 
“Adam you are a pig. Why'd you run her off like that?” Raina strode up, watching a flash of red disappear into darkness. “I don't know if I should be pissed with you or happy.”
“Why happy?” Adam snorted. He wondered if he could make it back to Kris's place before that idiot park rogue did. 
“Apparently you and I agree on one thing.” 
“I doubt it,” Adam said.
“That Ranger is a liar and no good for Kris. I don't trust him,” Raina said.
“Yeah, so?”
“I'm not saying you should get back together with her. Understand me? You guys aren't good for each other. But Adam, if any real part of you still honestly cares about her, then you must agree she has to get away from that dude. Right?”
“I guess.” Adam stared at her blankly.
Raina blew a huge bubble, snapping it quickly. 
“Shit you smell horrible. Why don't you take a damn shower or something.” Raina pinched her nose. Adam grabbed onto her arm before she could run off.  
“Hey!” 
“Why do you think I'm always following her? I'm concerned. I know we aren't getting back together.” Adam  gritted his rear teeth so hard he could practically taste the enamel. 
“Let go of me.” Narrowing her eyes, suspicion filled Raina's usual spunky demeanor. She took a few steps away from him.
“You're right, you're right, I need a shower. I was having a barbecue and got lighter fluid all over myself.” Adam tried to lighten up.  
“Whatever.” Raina was poised to take off, having enough of Adam for one evening. She just hoped he would leave Kris alone and not trod off after her.
“Why don't we get a drink later?” 
“No thanks,” Raina said.
“Come on.” 
“No!”
“We can figure out how to keep Kris from the Ranger. I need your help Raina.” 
“Okay, fine.” Raina ran her fingers through her short hair. “I need to go. For now.” 
“I'll see you back at camp,” he said.
“Whatever. Bye. I'm outta here.” Raina hoped she could weasel out of her promise to have a drink later. Raina knew better than to accept Adam's request, but she figured at least it would occupy him from harassing Kris. Physically and mentally tired,  Raina decided she could manage to throw back one drink and make an excuse to leave. She did not want to conspire at length with him. 
Adam grabbed a handful of fabric, bringing it to his nostrils. He only smelled  smokiness. Perhaps a hint of gasoline. Both girls were just giving him a hard time, he decided. 
Adam had made a hasty return to the gulch before the meeting. He had dumped a small canister of propane on her, lit it on fire and then fled the area. Hopefully there wasn't much left of her by this point. 
 With the administration pulling people off the search, odds of Terri's remains being discovered were infinitesimal. Adam chucked to himself. He was smarter than all of those bastards. Not even that fraud commando Ranger would figure out what he'd done. Adam had fooled them all. Excited in his revelations, and prickled with excitement, he coughed loudly and grabbed a cigarette from the band of his hat. These saps can't even control a wildfire, which seemed much worse now than when he walked up this filthy path just an hour ago. 
Adam swore violently along his way, stopping only to light his cigarette. 
Usually the thought of spending time with Raina was revolting, but she was easy to inebriate. Raina was distinguished as the next biggest lush in camp, aside from Terri. People would believe anything and nobody would really miss her. Well, except Kris.

Chapter Eighteen
Confrontation

After fifteen minutes of stumbling the rocky high trail   to camp, Kris hesitantly reversed her direction back toward the amphitheater. She assumed Michael was still there. Instead of running away from the problem and ignoring the possibility that Michael was deceiving her, she wanted to sort out the truth once and for all.  It needed to happen tonight. Her nerves could not stay in limbo any longer. Kris quickened her pace in the dark, awake to the sharp possibility of an impending intrusion by the mysterious assailant. 
Confronting Michael meant the  risk of severing the short term trust that had accumulated. His reaction to her inquiry could be rather harsh. She didn't care. Kris lacked confidence in him at this point. There had not been enough time passed in getting to know each other on a deeper level. At the very least he owed her an explanation regarding the strange exchange with Beth at the meeting.
Kris came to a lingering stop. Airways tightening, she sputtered and tried to cough in an effort to expel heavy matter irritating her lungs. Smooth boulders alongside the trail beckoned her to rest so she sat for a moment.
Perhaps in the grand scheme of things the situation mattered very little. If Kris was serious about leaving the park  she had to assume the little love affair between her and Michael would eventually come to an end anyway.  Her relations with Raina, Adam, and many others at White Rock, had formed for many years unlike her connection with Michael. She knew her friends fairly well.  
A heavy haze settled upon her. Many troubling questions bounced around which just ignited further irrational thoughts. She was too malleable by hearsay and rumors. Kris was afraid of what  was happening right under her nose. If Raina and Randy were misinformed about Michael, would they keep searching for another damning piece of information to dissuade her? 
“They've never trusted outsiders.” Kris grumbled out loud.
“And I'm the outsider.” A deep voice responded.
Shrieking, Kris flew off the rock, backward into a small tree. 
“What is it with you and trees?” Michael quickly came to her aid.
Hardly able to speak, Kris's heart slammed fast and furious inside her chest. 
“Whoa now,” Michael said, pulling her in close.
“What are you doing here?” Kris stared wide eyed up at him. 
“I should ask you the same. In fact I should be quite mad.  There's a dangerous predator roaming around these woods and you're strolling out here alone. Again.” 
Michael seemed genuinely upset at her. Kris tried pushing back but he wouldn't let go.
“Yeah well most of it is your fault.” 
“Oh?” Michael did not sound amused. 
Trying to catch her breath, Kris stalled in response.  The smoke was so thick and foul.
“Just tell me something -” Kris pushed against his chest one more time and Michael finally let go.
“Kris, I-”
“No, don't interrupt me. I need to say this.” 
Michael grabbed his radio and switched off the power.
“Okay you have my attention,” Michael said.
“There's a lot of rumors.  I really don't know what to believe. It's led me to think all sorts of things. We aren't committed to each other I suppose, so you're free to be with anyone. Maybe you have pursued me only for -” 
“Fucking?” Michael interrupted off handedly. The second the awful word escaped him, he regretted it. 
Kris felt like a hornet had just stung her. Fucking?!
“Okay. So I guess you just cleared that up. Thank you for enlightening me.” 
“That came out wrong.”
“So my next question is, how long are you going to keep screwing around with me? Are we done?” Kris felt hot anger gripping her.
“What are you talking about?” Michael asked.
“Oh don't pretend. I know how this goes. Not like I haven't been through it before.” 
“Can you be specific? What rumors?”
“Beth. You and Beth. I mean, from the information I have, it sounds like you aren't even trying to be careful. Or perhaps that's the whole point. You can play with anyone you want?” Kris's throat began constricting. In a moment her eyes would shed tears and she was much too angry to let him see her reduced to weakness.
Michael looked down at the ground for a moment then straightened himself. Removing his hat he rubbed the brim as if it was essential in collecting his thoughts. He did not speak right away.
“If you have nothing to say, I'll be going.” Kris grabbed her pack.
“Let me know if you want to hear my side.” Michael remained still.
“What the hell does that mean?” Kris spun back.
“I don't suppose I get the chance to straighten out the rumors you are so quick to latch onto.”
“These are my friends. They have my back. I hardly know you.” Kris fought to keep her voice strong.
“Yes, they are your friends. But there is a great deal of distortion going around.”  
 “Are you or aren't you screwing that red haired bitch?” 
“I am not. Not now.” 
“She goes to your place at three o'clock in the morning, dressed like a cheap hooker.” Kris tried to remind him. 
Michael's eyes narrowed. “Yes.”
“Yes?”
“Beth does everything she can to gain my affections. Never has she been invited to my place, she just shows up of her own accord. Three in the morning seems to be her favorite hour to come harass me. And she is never quiet about it.”
“Oh.” Kris felt ashamed to admit her information came from historically unreliable people. But, how could she know if he was telling the truth?
“I'm a bit surprised to hear all this from you,” Michael said.
“Don't flip this around onto me,”  Kris said.
Michael quickly put his thumb to her lips. 
“Let me finish. You want an explanation and I'll give you one. But let's get the hell out of here.” Micheal took her pack and threaded his strong hand into hers. “Come.” 
Kris reluctantly cooperated. After walking in silence for some distance, they reached the bridge crossing over the Kwoluck River. 
“Wait, Michael, if we go this way, through the southeast shelf, we can circle back to my cabin.” Kris motioned off to the right. 
“That's pretty close to the ravine, isn't it?” 
“Sorta. But I've done it many times. Don't you have a flashlight or something?” 
“Well I was going to see if the store was still open so we could discuss matters over coffee. You know, like civilized people? Instead of traipsing all over this park.” Michael leaned against the wood railing of the bridge.
Not far below, the river rushed over smooth granite boulders. Eerie moonlight cast an orange glow and highlighted the fast moving water. If they crossed the bridge and headed into the main part of Willow Camp, it would be a long walk back to the cabins. They could take a short cut by avoiding the bridge and hiking along the edge of the canyon. It was unlikely the small coffee shop would be open at this hour anyway. Kris grew more irritated with the situation. 
“You knew about Terri missing the other night?” 
“Yes.” 
“Why didn't you tell me?” Kris grabbed the railing staring down at the water. “I mean you could of interrogated me like everyone else.” 
“Yes, I could of.”
“Why didn't you say anything?”
“I only heard bits and pieces of her disappearance over the park radio system.  I did not know your relationship to her. Very few details were coming out.  What I should of anticipated, is how fast news travels around this park.” 
“Right.” Kris rubbed her eyes. 
“I regret not telling you right away. I am sorry. We didn't know if foul play was involved, so I suppose it wasn't my first priority. Apparently this girl takes off quite a bit.”
“Yeah. Yeah she does.”
“But you're not really angry at me because of Terri.”
“Oh? I'm not huh?” Kris straightened up.
“No. I did not fully address the rumors regarding my liaisons with Beth, now did I?” 
“You said before on the trail, you weren't screwing her.” Kris grabbed her hips in defiance.
“Not anymore.”
 “Wait. Wait, wait. I get it. Oh I love this game.” Kris paced down the rounded side of the bridge. 
“It was before I met you.” Michael knew his words sliced into her like a hot knife.
Kris closed her eyes for a moment. The darkness seemed to penetrate her mind, and oddly provided a nice stillness.
“Very stupid on my part,” Michael said.
“Yeah, and now you'll say, it didn't mean anything. It was just sex. A mistake. Just a few slips.  Except, when girls like me hear this sort of thing, we have a real hard time imagining why or how guys like you could go for someone so cheap and fake and then pursue someone who is the complete opposite. Like me.” Kris swallowed hard. “And don't say, men suck. Or that it's a guy thing. That's such a bunch of bull shit.”
“I could tell you that she threw herself at me. And being weak, I indulged. Or I could say, she's using her position of power as my boss to seduce me. Or I could just state the fact that I didn't have a good reason for fucking her. I still know really know why.  I guess it's hardwired in my thick skull that I don't deserve a nice girl like you.”
“So, that justifies sticking your dick into whatever piece of trash that comes along?” 
“No.”
“Let me take a guess here. Beth wanted more than just a quick roll in the sheets? She got mad when you refused to keep indulging her, and now she's super jealous. Especially when you kiss your new girlfriend in front of everyone.”
“Sheets were never involved,” he said.
“No? Then maybe her office? Desk? Floor? That lovely seat near the window? I've been to Beth's office before. It's rather nice.”
“Desk,” Michael said.
“Remind me never to go to her office again.” Kris heavily breathed out. 
“Were you just using me then? To get back at her? Or to force her away or something?” Kris met his patient gaze.
“Absolutely not.”
“You sure?”
“Positive.” Michael came up behind, slowly sliding his arms around her.
“Yeah, I slept with her.  And I've been with other women too. Just like you've been with other men. How important is all of it?” 
“I'm getting tired of talking about this.” Kris touched his hand. Mostly she didn't want to hear that their situations were equal. It still stung that he had sex with Beth, even if it was before she and Michael ever met.
He kissed her ear and then spoke in a low voice.
“These rumors you come across. Next time please bring them to me a bit sooner. Instead of letting them marinate with you and your friends. At least hear my side. You can decide what to believe after that.” 
“I'll try. No promises,” Kris said.
“Is that it, or is there more? Is there other stuff we need to talk about?” Michael cinched his arms around tighter.
“What if I told you I'm thinking of leaving the park when the season ends?” Kris hardly thought before the words came out of her mouth.
“Funny. I was entertaining the same idea.”
“You were thinking of leaving?” Kris didn't consider the like mindedness on this issue. But it made sense. Individually they both had reasons for vacating employment at the park.
“They hired me for show, no other reason. I can't sit by as a pretty boy while grave mistakes are being made.” 
“Where would you go?” Kris asked.
“I have a few ideas. There's some options available to me. What about you?”
“I dunno. I have a car and a storage locker in Matherville full of junk. I could find a job and apartment I guess. Live a normal life.” Kris was waiting for a hint from him that indicated they might both still see each other.
Michael released her from his embrace. He twisted the dial on the radio up, half listening to voices crackling.
“You know we do share something in common.” He rested a hand on his firearm out of habit.
“Oh? Just one thing?” 
“You've involved yourself with people that are no good for you. I have done so as well.” Michael was impatient now. The hour grew late and he longed to get Kris back to her cabin. “I warned you.”
Frowning, Kris looked over at him. “Of what?”
“I'm an abrasive person.” He smiled. 
Kris tapped the wooden boards of the bridge with her toe. 
“Well don't remind me anymore. If you haven't figured it out by now, I tend to spend a lot of time with dumb-ass men.” Kris flatly pointed out.
“The thought of you out here alone, wearing that dress...” His voice trailed off, hand touching her side.
“If I recall, you're the one who gave it to me.”
“I did, didn't I? Perhaps I meant for you to wear it when we're both together.” 
“We're together now.” She admitted softly.
“You have a point.” 
Michael kissed the top of her head, somewhat distracted.
“Can I escort you home now? I'm still on duty. I need to appear to be doing my job.”
“Sorry. Yes, let's go.” Kris grabbed his wrist, pulling him over the bridge. The short cut along the river could wait until another day

Chapter Nineteen

Raina splashed cold water to her face. Then, running her wet hands through her short black hair, she heard the familiar metal creek of the bathroom door. With the water still trickling from the faucet, she bent down and grabbed a flashlight from her bag. 
“Who's there?”  
Raina tried again. “Hey!” she called out switching on her light. She twisted off the faucet. It was late and probably past midnight. Being so bothered by smoke and heat, Raina had taken a detour after the meeting to freshen up before bed. She was hoping Adam forgot about having that drink.
On a typical summer night the staff shower building conformed to a weird type of hang out. People fussed around, showered, shaved, guys teased females, and everyone pretty much let off tension from a long day at work. Many would also sit leisurely on the steps outside drinking a beer or two. 
Raina was surprised tonight, finding the old building to be strangely desolate. Nervous now, she zipped up her bag and tried to keep the light beam down the corridor that led to the exterior doors. Perhaps the visitor entered  but turned into the mens' side. 
“Hello?” Raina called out once more. 
Slowly the dark figure emerged from the shadows of the entranceway. 
“Oh hell, it's you.” Raina gasped, then clicked off her light, “Jeez, you creeped me out for a second Adam.” Relieved to see a familiar face, Raina gathered her things and headed for the doors. “A bit late, ain't it?” 
“Maybe for some,” Adam said.
Uncomfortable, Raina quickly went outside, but then realized she'd forgotten her shoes.
“Shit!” 
“What's wrong?” Adam leaned against the entrance doorway. 
“I think my shoes are inside.” Typically she tossed her shoes right inside the front. 
“I didn't see anything in there.” 
Raina put a hand to her hip, standing two steps below him. 
“Well, they are probably in the shower. 'Scuse me.” Raina grew impatient. 
Adam moved slightly to the side barely letting her pass. He muttered something unintelligible, then let out a long sigh. 
Raina quickly tiptoed back around the sink area and then the shower stall. Puddles of water were everywhere but her sandals remained absent. 
“What the hell?” She harshly whispered. She looked in each of the other stalls. Nothing. Maybe she was mistaken and put them in her bag. Back outside, she breathed a sigh of relief in failing to catch sight of Adam. But soon she saw the tiny glow of a cigarette  much further down the stone steps. He had perched himself near the path that lead back to camp. Frantically rummaging through her overstuffed pink canvas bag, her hands grew jittery.
“Can't find 'em?” Adam blew out a long trail of smoke.
Raina wiped her brow with the back of her hand. Being annoyed was an understatement. Walking back to the cabins in bare feet, over sharp rocks and debris, was going to be slow going and painful. 
“No.” She zipped her bag shut. “You wouldn't have a spare pair of shoes or somethin'?” Raina swung the bag over her shoulder, and carefully plodded down the steps. She grabbed the wood railing to steady herself in the dark. 
Adam only chuckled.
“Got another one of those?” Raina eyed his smoke.
Adam fished into his front pocket for a flattened pack of cigarettes. Sliding one out, he offered it to her.
“Thanks.” Raina grabbed the smoke stick and leaned in while he lit it. Taking a long drag, she glanced ahead at the ground. 
“Fuck it.” 
“Oh it's not that bad. You're tough, aren't you Raina?” 
“Sure. Whatever. Let's go.”
Raina gingerly started walking. Half her thoughts were centered on returning in the morning before work to look more thoroughly for her missing shoes. She recalled the odd stories from Kris about Adam stealing  underwear and bras then wearing them to satisfy some demented fantasy. Kris said he would tug down the side of his pants, giving her a flash of some thong he'd taken from her cabin. Raina thought hard. Why would Adam take her shoes? And why tonight? 
“I've been thinking about what you said, at the meeting.”  
“Yeah, what about?” Raina asked. At least talking to him was a distraction from her missing shoes. 
“We should work together to get Kris away from the Ranger.” 
“Uhm...” Raina rubbed her temples. “That wasn't exactly what I was meaning.”
“Well, what were you implying then?”
“I wasn't implying anything. I don't know, Adam. Why can't you get anything straight? I only said we both agree she shouldn't be seeing that guy.”
“What can we do about it?”
“Kris is stubborn as hell and that ranger is some sort of paratrooper. He probably has night vision cameras positioned all over the forest. Don't ask me what to do about it. I'm her best friend, and we're on shaky ground lately.”
“I don't think they'll last much longer,” Adam said, tossing his expired cigarette onto the trail.
“What are you, a fortune teller?”
“No, but Kris isn't happy.”
“Oh, and let me guess, you are the only person in the world that can make her happy?”
“Yes.”
“That's pretty fucking arrogant.” Raina laughed hard, thinking he was joking in some weird way.
Stepping so carefully was taking forever along the uneven trail. Raina tried to speed up, but sharp little pricks into the bottom of her feet forced her to slow down. 
“One day they should fucking pave this trail, I swear!”
“Sweetheart, they don't have the money.”
“I'll give them the money! And don't fucking call me that.” 
“Very well then.”
“Jeez, Adam. You take everything so seriously,” Raina said, glancing sideways at him. “So, moving on. The shower must have worked? I can't smell that horrible odor on you from before.”
“Huh?”  
“You said earlier, at the meeting, you got lighter fluid on yourself. I assumed you took a shower. I didn't hear you until the door slammed.”
“Umhm.”
“What did you barbecue?” Raina asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Did you black out between now and then? Fuck, I swear Adam, you are so bizarre.” Raina stopped, and looked harshly at him. “You said you stunk so bad because you were barbecuing!”
“Fish. Sorry. Didn't know what you were asking.” 
“You barbecued fish?”
“Yes. I did.”
“That explains the smell then.” Raina started walking again and kept talking. “Don't  you worry about bears getting a whiff of that? Hey, so, do you barbecue the fish with garlic and butter? Funny, though, I didn't see any fresh fish for sale at the shop. Obviously you went to town. Gee Adam, I didn't know you had that much time on your hands.” 
Irritated with Raina's incessant blabbering, Adam pulled a small rectangular glass bottle from his jacket pocket. Filled with his favorite amber colored whiskey, he quickly sucked down a drink.  Jutting out his hand, he offered some to Raina.
“Normally I would pass since it's from you. But what the hell.” Raina grasped it, taking a significant swig of the liquor.  Coughing violently, she waited a moment for the burn to settle down then took another drink. 
“It's not for everyone. Sorry you can't handle it,” Adam said.
“Please don't patronize me. Yes it's true, I'd rather have something this nasty, diluted. How the hell do you drink this straight all the time? Wait, never mind, I don't want to know.”
“Watering it down destroys the whole purpose of drinking whiskey.” Adam grasped the bottle back from her. Raina was a bitter, stupid girl. Kris's insistence on befriending her, constantly throttled him. Adam took several long slugs of the booze, ditching the cap off into the bushes. He predicted they both would  finish it before reaching the cabins.

~ ~ ~
Clicking on a small but powerful flashlight, Kris moved the intense beam around her cabin while pushing the door open.  Expecting something or somebody to screech out, Kris hesitated to enter. Everything seemed disheveled just as she left it earlier that afternoon. 
Windows were wide open. Michael's strict orders of diligence in locking up were ignored.  Stagnant, warm air dominated the small space, practically choking her. 
Shedding the red dress quickly, she threw it over a chair.  Insufferably hot, she grabbed a tank top and dropped her keys to the floor. No conceivable way were the windows going to be shut tonight. Michael possessed sincere concern and a valid intensity. But she refused to  barricade herself in this tinder box. Stressed, Kris couldn't imagine sleeping in such suffocating conditions. It was unusually warm weather for White Rock. Moreover, it was downright historic for the temperatures to remain strangely elevated in the middle of the night. 
Kris finally lay down, giving way to the intense desire to sleep. Her final thought before drifting off rested on the conclusion that it was next to impossible for an intruder to scale the thin exterior walls of her cabin. And even if they could, a ton of noise would wake her in the process, at which point she would grab a weapon and beat the living daylights out of the invader. The main floor of the cabin was at least five or six feet from the ground. She didn't know exactly. It didn't really matter. The quietness of the forest took over, beckoning her to sleep. 

~ ~ ~
“Can you believe her though?  I mean Adam,  that Ranger is such a disappointment to society. Where'd they find such a menacing jerk?” Raina slurred her words badly. Feeling the full effects of the booze now, she was quite delighted at the numbing properties it provided for the raw pain coming from the underside of her feet. 
“I know.” Adam handed her the bottle again. Only a slight buzz was teasing his mind. Raina's diarrhea of the mouth was beginning to make him physically sick. If it weren’t for the adrenaline beginning to course through his body, Adam would of knocked her out. 
“Hand it on over.” She grasped the bottle with an outstretched hand.
“He seems like the type of guy you would go for, Raina.” 
“I know, right? Although I don't like the military types much. Too rigid and controlling.” 
“Shhh. People are trying to sleep. Lower your voice for fuck sake.” Adam observed Raina to be so drunk, she failed to recognize they had reached the outer edge of camp. Waking everyone was something he wanted to avoid. Thoughts crashed down around him. It was too perfect, he thought.
“Oooops.” Tripping and almost falling to the ground, Raina snickered carelessly. 
“Come on. Can you walk?” Adam steered her off the main path quickly, and cut through some overgrown shrubs leading them both along a deer trail.
“Gosh I don't remember it taking this  long to get to camp. Why the hell don't someone prune these lame ass bushes?” Raina waved her arms in the darkness, pushing away sharp branches and outstretched fronds.
Adam didn't respond but tugged at her to keep moving. He feared she would pass out. Carrying her body over uneven terrain was less than desirable. Finally he found the old trail, a bit obscured, and covered with leaves, but he became quite happy in the discovery of the alternate route.  
“Raina, come on. I want you to see this.”
Raina tripped once more landing face down in leaf and ground matter. 
“Eww. Gross.” She pushed herself up onto her knees. Things were spinning horrifically. Taking some deep breaths, she slowly became aware of the surroundings. 
“Adam. Adam!”
“What? Come on already. Get over here.”
Grumbling unintelligibly, Raina stumbled to her feet.  She mistakenly identified the dark row of cabins as home.
“Wow. How late is it? Everyone's gone off to bed.” Raina dragged her feet along next to him. “I'm really wasted.”
Dark rows of old cabins sat empty and deteriorating. Adam and Raina stood in the middle of what once was a busy dirt path, now carpeted with weeds and pine needles. 
“Where's mine? Adam, all the lights are off. Where the freaking hell is my place?” 
“We just need some time for you to sober up. You're too loud, darling.”
“Where are we? Adam -” Raina stopped walking and took a hard look around. “This is not our camp.” Raina stumbled up to one of the dilapidated cabins. “Shit.” She wobbly pivoted. 
“You prick. This is the ghost camp? You led me all the way over here?”
“Very good.”Adam dropped his backpack slowly onto the steps of cabin 606. Fond memories of earlier that day started his heart racing. 
Raina glanced behind herself and then at Adam.
“I want to go home. Please, Adam. No more games. I don't know the way back to camp from here.” Raina felt a cold thread of fear pop up.
“I'm staying here tonight,” Adam said.
“What?” Raina took a few steps toward him in disbelief. Wrapping her arms around herself, a slight shiver coursed through her body.
“If you think we're hooking up -”
“Don't flatter yourself.” 
“Why'd you bring me over here then? I'm not spending the night in this disgusting place.”
“Oh that's fine. Just head back the way we came then.” Adam leaned down and unzipped the main compartment of his backpack.
Raina mumbled to herself, confused what to do. She'd heard stories of the old connecting trail back down to Willow and staff camp but it wasn't easy to find, even during the day.
“Can I borrow a flashlight then? How am I supposed to see in the dark?”
“Don't you have one in your bag?” Adam reminded her.
“Shit! My bag. Where is it? Oh God I dropped it. Help me find it, please. Please, Adam.” Raina pleaded.   She scrambled back toward the trees.
Smiling, Adam took great pleasure in watching her panic. The daft bitch had dropped the thing at least half a mile back. Amidst the whining of her stupid feet, Adam had suggested a short rest. She did not remember to grab her bag once they restarted their ascent along the forest trail.
He had enough of loud complaining now. Flicking on a small flashlight, he walked over to inspect the frenzied search.
“Here. Will this do?” Adam held out the little light.
Glassy-eyed, Raina peered up at him.
“Yes. Thanks.” Raina limped forward. Her eyes quickly caught sight of a long object dangling next to Adam's leg.
“What's that for?” 
“Oh this?” Tightening his grip on the rubberized handle, he smiled wickedly.
“What the hell do you need that for?” Raina stumbled backward. “Adam?” The color draining from her face, Raina twisted and attempted to run but clumsily met the bushes instead.
Adam let the flashlight drop from his hand. He quickly raised the folding ice ax and swung it hard. The flat end of the ax made a forceful contact, striking her squarely in the back. Raina flew to the ground. She screamed out in agony. 
Wiping spit from the corner of his mouth, Adam approached Raina's sprawled body and loomed over her. Adrenaline coursed through him so hard that he became lightheaded.  Tasting earthen material in her mouth, Raina grasped at roots and branches, attempting to stand up. Partly disoriented from the alcohol, she couldn't gain mental clarity.  But before she could raise herself onto her knees, a heavy force struck her again. This time the world went black. Raina's limp and lifeless body softly thudded to the dirt.
Adam coughed deeply and set his folding ice ax next to the flashlight. He grabbed her ankles and started dragging her over to the cabins. She was a lot more attractive unconscious. This one would be fun. But first he needed to tend to certain details. He wiped his precious ax clean with some fabric of Raina's shirt. It was important to remove any evidence of her bodily bits. Adam wasn't set on killing Raina just yet. Perhaps she would do him a favor and expire from the trauma he had already inflicted. A lot of blood was pouring from her back.
Aggravatingly warm for such a late hour, he was uncomfortably hot and sweaty, and starting to feel the effects of sobriety creeping back. Perhaps a little more whiskey to celebrate a job well done. Sweat ran down the sides of his unshaven face. He pulled out his trusty stainless steel flask from his pack and  pressed the mouth of the bottle to his lips. Taking several long gulps, Adam stared down at Raina, who remained motionless. Her puny tattooed arms and legs were stretched out, hugging the ground. 
Adam heavily sat on a rotting wood step, producing a sharp crack. He lit a cigarette and enjoyed the eerie stillness of the forest.

~ ~ ~
Lost in a dream, Kris was standing knee deep in a creek wearing little except for a tee shirt and underwear. The water was icy cold and rushing all around her legs. She didn't move or make a sound. She stood still peering down into the clear water. Kris was unaware if it was night or day in the dream. Her shivering body was unresponsive and leaden. Instinct nagged at her to retreat from the cold water. But she remained  frozen by an unseen force. The only sound  heard was the trickling of the water.
Strange bits of gray dust began falling from the sky. At first she likened them to snowflakes. Unable to look up, Kris strained to lift her right hand. Bits of the puffy substance landed into her outstretched fingers. She curiously watched a small pile gather and then let it fall. Kris frowned as the bits landed on the surface of the dark water, but only for for a fleeting moment, and then they melted into nothing.  It was almost like ash. 
The dream grew increasingly bizarre, with a constant noise that was growing louder and lower with each passing moment. She couldn't tell how long she had been standing in the water. It seemed very lengthy. The rapping noise grew worse. Almost likened to someone knocking on her own cabin door. But that was silly. She was outside now, wasn't she? Perhaps she had gone for a hike and forgot where she was going. 
Blurry images began to drift back and forth.  A tiny  apartment she rented one winter in the high desert town of Blanding Ditch.The long, cold season she spent alone and working at a local diner. She'd met Adam there. He was a daily customer, always sitting way in the back. Watching her. Reading. Drinking coffee and waiting for the perfect moment. Eventually he invited her out. They wound up walking through the quaint historic district of Blanding Ditch. It was a peculiar town seemingly in the middle of nowhere. Settlers found the rural location while looking for water, needed for nearby gold strikes. 
Adam and Kris had stopped for hot chocolate during one cold winter night. He had offered her a splash of Irish whiskey from a flask produced from an interior pocket of a tactical black jacket.  The same jacket he later gave to Kris to keep warm during a snow shoeing excursion in the Blue Pine Mountains. Memories she long forgot. The good times had been pushed into the far reaches of her mind. They overtook the dream. 
Kris saw an orange glow from a small lamp against the wall of her bedroom in the old apartment. The lamp was on the floor, since she couldn't afford night tables. She stood in the doorway looking about the room. The sheets were rumpled, slept in. Adam had been there. They had made love after coming back to her apartment from a date. He requested to stay the night, but she refused. She was uncomfortable. He was angry and left abruptly. Tears ran down Kris's cheeks.
The knocking continued. 
Deep in the dream, Kris turned from the  doorway and walked to the front door. It must be Adam. Returning to apologize perhaps. Certainly no one else would call at this late hour.
As Kris reached to open the door, or so she visioned in the dream, her hearing intensified and a voice calling her name jolted her straight out of the sleep induced hallucination. 
“Kris!” 
It sounded familiar. 
“Kris!” Loud knocking brought her fully awake. Pushing herself up from laying face down in her pillow, Kris sat back on her legs. Eyes heavy, she strained to open them. 
Everything grew silent. She sat confused for several moments until the knocking started once more. 
Long hair pressed against her face from heavy sleep, she swung her feet over the bunk and managed to grab the baseball bat off the floor.
Shakily she twisted back the lock and yanked the door open a crack.
“I was about to break it down.” Michael stormed in.
Kris was greeted by an extremely painful burst of bright light as Michael forcefully entered. Squinting in visual pain, she reached out to steady herself.
“Here, sit.” Michael shut the door, grabbed onto Kris and killed the flashlight.
“What time is it?” Kris lay back down on the blankets. 
“I see you listened to me.” Michael observed the open windows. 
“It's hot.” Kris put a hand to her temples. “I'm so tired I feel dead.” 
“Don't say that.” Michael placed a large cup of coffee on the desk and  sat on the edge of the bed. Without delay he began the tedious unlacing of his boots. 
“Sorry.” Kris scooted up to him, curling her body around.  “I had the weirdest dreams.”
“Dreams? As in plural?”
“Yeah, there were several.  Almost like real life.” Kris frowned.
“You sound very groggy. Was I in any of those dreams?”
“No.” Kris touched his lower back. “It was awfully weird. I swear I could hear your knocking during one dream. Didn't make sense.”
“Dreams usually don't make sense.” Michael stood once his shoes were off and unbuckled his duty belt. 
“I know. But it was like -” Kris tried to think, distracted by how particularly good Michael smelled. “Uh, it was like I was transported in time. Memories I guess.”
“Good or bad?” 
Kris thought hard. She had a strange taste in her mouth.
“Just odd,” she said.
Scooting Kris back a bit, he lay down beside her. Michael started smoothing her hair away from her face and kissed her softly.
“Why are you here?” Kris asked.
“I'm on a break.” 
“Oh. A break from what?” She closed her eyes as they felt scratchy and irritated.
“From working. I'm on patrol all night.” 
“Just come by to say hello to your girlfriend?” Kris sleepily smiled. 
“Sure.” Michael drank in every moment. She was positively adorable in the sexiest way he could ever imagine.
“Because I didn't like how I left things earlier.” His voice was deep and soft.
“I can't even remember now.” Kris touched his arm.
“I am completely at fault. My affair with. . .”
“Beth.” Kris helped him out.
“Yes, her. It was stupid. I was stupid to think it wouldn't come into play later. I should of told you the minute we got involved.”
“Hmm.” Kris yawned. “Then maybe we wouldn't have gotten involved.” Her words were so weak they were barely audible.
“You would of shunned me?”
Kris responded with a muffled acknowledgment.
“Are you listening to me baby?” He whispered, coiling a lock of hair around a finger and then letting it  unwind slowly. “I'm sorry,” he said, kissing the side of her mouth.
Kris opened her eyes to Michael's stressed expression. His eyes pierced deeply into hers.
“I am listening. The sound of your voice is making me want to go back to sleep. I'm not even sure if this is a dream or real.” Kris spoke languidly, breathing quite heavily.
“All I could think of this evening was being with you.”
“You smell like coffee,” Kris said.
“Do I? You smell like the deep part of a thick forest.” Michael kissed her neck. It occurred to him she was hardly wearing anything. 
“Mmm.” Kris made soft noises while he ran a hand along her silken skin. Her mind visualized a dark wooded forest. “I know that smell.” She arched her back, stretching.
“Kris, I would rather you stay at my place. It's safer. And perhaps a little more comfortable than this rickety shack.”
“Are you asking me, or telling me?”
“I'm heavily suggesting.”
Kris sighed, pursing her lips together.
“Is that a no?”
“Michael, I can't. It's not that I don't want to, but I can't. It would take twice as much time for me to get to work. Never mind that it's breaking the rules.”
“I can drive you.”
“Yeah you could. To the roundabout. I still have to walk down the trail into Willow. You're not about to take the service road with the truck. That will bring so much attention to -”
“I don't care. I'll do it. I'll do whatever it takes to keep you safe.”
“You really think I'm in that much danger?” Kris twisted to face him again and propped herself up on an elbow.
“My gut says you are in very real danger. You're the most beautiful girl at this park. My experience is telling me that you could be the next victim.” Michael rubbed his eyes and lay on his back. He knew Kris was right. He couldn't give his girlfriend specialized treatment. And if he was reprimanded, most likely by Beth, or fired, he would be ineffective and unable to protect Kris or find the killer.
“You talked of leaving,” Michael said.
“Yes. But not until the season is over. I really don't want to discuss it.”
“I know.” He put a hand on her bare leg. “I won't try and force you to do anything. I have serious problems with staying, myself. You are hired seasonally. I am hired without a contract. Employed until fired, or I quit.”
“I didn't realize that.” Kris wondered where he was going with this speech.
“If I quit, when the season is over, would you come with me?” He eyed her.
Kris let the words sink in for a moment, tracing imaginary lines over his chest which was covered by something thick and solid beneath his shirt. It was possible he was just having a bad night.  Things could appear much less severe in the morning. 
“You would just leave your job?” She asked.
“Yes.”
“Why on earth would you want to leave?”
“Because, Kris, it's just a job. I can find another one. Beth is going to run this place into the ground. I don't have enough manpower to find a deviant criminal. Your safety is at stake. It's enough.” He went through the items verbally as if mentally checking them off on a list.
Kris weighed her answer carefully, since perhaps the underlying meaning went much deeper than White Rock and their jobs. 
“Michael, what about those times you were in the special forces? Or whatever it was. You must have been up against some pretty bad odds.”
Michael knew exactly what she was thinking.
“And I didn't quit then.” 
“Right.”
“That's a different scenario,” Michael said.
“Then make it this scenario. The management of this park sucks. You can't do a damn thing about Beth and so what if a freak is running around? It's White Rock. This place is awesome. It's my home.” 
Slowly exhaling, Michael let her words drift over him. Kris had a history at the park. She was no dummy, and a lot tougher than he wanted to admit. Certainly there had been other sickos and other crime that she survived over the years. But he could not shake the uneasy feeling that her life was in grave danger. 
“Plus. I need the money. I don't get a bonus at the end if I quit and leave early,” Kris said, grazing her lips near the tip of his ear.
“I have money. I'll take care of you.” Michael enlightened, turning to watch for her reaction, which wasn't always easy to read.
Kris took his hand and kissed his palm. He knew she would never consider such a proposition. The trust he was gaining was only beginning to sink in and deepen. By telling her to quit her job and depend solely on him, was  unreasonable. He still wished it was possible.
“Thank you for offering.” Kris brought the back of his hand against her cheek, “ I know you mean well.”
“It's not an option for you. I know. I don't know why I said it.”
“Thank you though.” Kris whispered. “I'll be okay. I really will.” She tried to impress upon him, but wondered if it was a futile effort. He would worry, regardless.
“When is your break over?” Kris sat up. Long mangled hair draped down into his midst.  Threading his fingers into her locks, Michael gently coerced her into him. Hand slipping around the nape of her neck, he met her lips, kissing gently at first. As usual, his desire was ignited, and he craved her svelte body up against his.  Deeply he enveloped her, tasting her sweet mouth and ramping up the heat between them. Tiredness from the lengthy day and graveyard shift, faded quickly. The appetite to take her grew strong and ever forceful.
“My break is over when I say it's over.” Michael withdrew from the kiss, quickly laying her on her back.  
“What the hell are you wearing?” Kris watched as he unbuttoned his shirt. Beneath was some sort of black shield. 
“Bullet proof vest. Here, feel.” He grabbed her hand and placed it against the life saving body armor fabric. Kris's hand dropped, a bit surprised at the revelation that he found it necessary to wear such a device. With a large ripping sound, he pulled the straps apart, freeing his chest clad in a white tee shirt.
“I'd give you one to wear, but something tells me that  you wouldn't.” 
“I'm not sure that it would fit under my clothes as well as it fits under yours. I imagine they are aren't comfortable either. Heck no I wouldn't wear it,” Kris said.
“Then say you'll take me as your personal shield.”  Hovering above her on his hands and knees, Michael seemed half serious in his request.
“Okay. I will.” Kris had other ideas in mind. She was tired of all this talk about danger and risk. Reaching up she unzipped the front of his black uniform pants, slipping past the constraint of fabric and clothing. Intolerable heat poured from his body. Scooting beneath him, and pushing herself up on both elbows, Kris licked the tip of his engorged appendage.
“Fuck.” Michael swore between his clenched teeth. “I'd never go to work again if you lived with me. Perhaps it's better we are apart occasionally.”
Kris smiled, in spite of her oral provocations toward his cock. He not only possessed impressive girth, but just now she realized what a delicious specimen it really was. Running her tongue around the swollen head of his shaft she felt butterflies ramming themselves against the interior walls of her stomach. Knowing he would allow this fornication to continue only so long, Kris savored the beastly device that defined him as a man. 
She dragged her wet lips over and around the entrance to his aching projection. The throbbing little portal that would erupt with pleasureful force, giving him a temporary satisfaction to his endured suffering. Kris grew quite warm just imaging his ejaculation. She needed a moment to take a deep breath.
“Just think, Michael -” Kris licked her lips staring up at him.  “- you could wake up every morning, finding new ways to interrupt my shower. I suppose handcuffs are optional.” 
Michael planted a deep, hard kiss upon her mouth. 
“And what makes you think you would even reach the shower?” Breathlessly, he growled in a low, raw tone.
“Why, would you tie me to the bed?” Kris teased, beleaguering his torment.  With one hand she forced away the rest of his undergarment, and took his throbbing mass with her other hand. Savoring his enlarged cock, she wrapped a leg around him, drawing him down hard.
“If you want me to tie you to the bed next time, I will.” Michael let her have her way for the moment, but was delirious with visions of embedding himself into her beckoning vault.
The thought of Kris restrained to his bed pushed his thoughts off a cliff. Quickly he shed the rest of his clothes, and then wrapped his hands around her lithesome hips. His thumbs digging into sensitive pressure points. The penetrating act heightened unexplainable sensations within Kris quite rapidly. She grabbed hold of his wrists in weak defiance but it did little to counteract the generative hunger exploding within her. Sliding his fingers purposefully slow until stopping short of penetrating her, the goal became clear of beleaguering and tormenting. 
Beads of sweat covered her brow. Michael slowly kissed her, moving further and further down to her feminine channel. Languidly he kissed soft skin and guided his tongue, tasting her sweet essence. A salacious exploration, he continued to pleasure her, noting Kris's strained little murmurs and heightened breathing.  Dragging his hot tongue along her moist corridor, Michael became lost, seduced by her flesh. Wrapping one hand around her savagely tight ass, he entered her constricting volume with two fingers. He fought off fervid uncontrollable waves of  giving in and embedding his swollen cock deeply into her sumptuous chamber. The muscles in his jaw ached. Just watching her inhibitions melt away made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.  
Shit. He couldn't think anymore.  She was so wet and tight he wanted furiously to bury himself into such bliss.  One more second  and he was going expel his thick heavy serum all over her. It would matter little because he'd still be as fucking hard as a piece of granite after ejaculating. His damn cock never settled down very fast. And neither did his brain. 
“Michael? What's wrong?” Kris could barely speak, her voice dissipated into a discordant whisper.
With his expression slightly obscured, Kris was a bit oblivious to  his precarious state. Michael took in a deep breath, and became rapidly overcome with vertigo.
“Just a minute.” He softly warned. Perhaps working so much lately without decent sleep was catching up with him.  Lightheaded, he endured a few moments of the room spinning while perfectly lost in a sea of arousal. 
“Michael, what's wrong? We can stop.” Sensing something was quite off with him, Kris became concerned.
“Absolutely not.” Crawling up to deeply kiss her, Michael rolled onto his back, while the room seemed to roll with him.
“What can I do? Do you need water or something?”
“No. Don't fuss over me. It'll pass.”
Kris climbed on top of him and sat quite worried.
“You're not going to have a heart attack or something, are you? What should I do?” 
Michael gave a laugh. “You should kiss me.”
Kris gingerly hunched over, expecting to deliver a soft kiss, but Michael had other ideas and met her with a ravenous embrace. 
“You just did this to get me to sit on you, am I right?” Kris toyed, but couldn't shake her concern. 
“No. But now that you're in this position, I can think of a few things for you to do.”
“Just a few?” Kris grew impatient with his hard cock now between her straddled legs. 
“When was the last time you ate?” 
“Not sure exactly. I doubt lack of food is my problem.”
“Oh. What then? Let me guess, you're not going to tell me.”
“On the contrary.” Michael grasped her wrist and guided her hand to his throbbing girth. 
“Oh I get it. Too much excitement?” Kris snickered, watching a smile creep upon his face. One hand on top of hers, he directed the other hand around the base of him.
“Among other things. I'm just worn the hell out.”
“Doesn't feel that way to me.”  Like kneading a sore muscle, Kris threaded her fingers together, exerting pressure with her encircled hands around his cock. Then she nudged herself forward a bit more so the tip of her female flesh met the base of his massive thickness. She continued to manipulate him with her hands, with the added benefit of experiencing powerful heat transference. With his cock writhing up against her clit, Kris realized they were both near a electrifying climax.
Michael had little strength left and came brutally fast.  Thick creamy liquid ejected  from the head of his massive appendage.  Kris smoothed her hands over the tip and down his shaft and up again, sending resounding spasms throughout his body.  
Barely a moment passed from his own surrender, and Michael commanded she mount him. Kris prayed that her legs would stop shaking. 
“Hang onto me.” Michael took her hands, placing them just above his own hips. She was half balanced on the forward section of her feet.  A profoundly evil grin spread across him as his cock plunged deep within her.
Michael grabbed her wrists, helping her steady, knowing the  salacious encasement was quite powerful. 
Pressing her hands flat on his belly she advanced upward, feeling the constriction of her own swollen corridor.  Entrenched in rough desire, Michael slid his hand along the inside of her leg. As she sank back down he touched her swollen button of flesh with this thumb. Tingling sensations of hot and cold ran down her back. Kris cried out, vocalizing indistinguishable words. 
“That's it baby.” Michael thought she was so far gone in torrid pleasure, she would collapse at any moment. But then her orgasm slammed fast. Kris could hardly hang onto the position she was in, but the powerful force that rocked her muscles took over like a masterful spell. Finally she fell forward with  his cock still inside. Slowly, Kris melted down on top of him, slightly kissing his chest.
“Straighten your legs out or they'll cramp up.” Michael whispered into her ear. 
“I could fall asleep this way.” Kris mouthed, curled up on him. She did not want to let go. Her ear to his chest, she enjoyed the rapid thumping of his unsettled heart.  Threading a shaky a hand between their wet bodies she intended to extricate him from her, but he did not permit it.  Slowly, in short thrusting, gyrating motions, Michael  continued to mate her. Fresh off her own exculpation, but muscles jittery and flesh raw with sensitivity, Kris uncontrollably moaned and writhed against him.  
Pulling her upward just a bit,  he breathed heavily into her ear. He spoke words of a very raw nature to her, disclosing his most tantalizingly vivid thoughts. Seconds later he poured his elixir into her once again. A warm rush filled Kris, and she lapsed into a jittery abyss. 
Michael encased his strong arms around her, smoothing his hands over the silken skin of her back. Ever so slightly he continued to move seductively beneath her body. 
“You're out to kill me.” Kris slumped her head into his shoulder, below his neck, and kissed sumptuous  hot flesh. 
“That's the general idea.” Michael moved onto his side, bringing her tenuous body with him, kissing her deeply and slowly. Drowsy, Kris ravished every caress, enjoying his tongue dance in and out of her mouth.  Michael's warm irregular breath cascaded over her. If it had not been for his strong, intoxicating kissing she would of recessed into a blissful slumber. 
Michael smoothed her hair over her ear so he could see her face in the dim light. Time dropped from his concern. He was where he needed to be. Kris's protector. Her lover. Guardian.  The fullness of it was surreal. 
Temptation to let go and fall asleep next to her was overpowering. Michael forced himself to return to reality.
“I have to go.” He mouthed.
“What?” Kris tried to sit up.
“Work.” Michael smiled. 
“I forgot you are still on duty. What a damnable thing.” 
“Lay down,” he instructed, “One of us should sleep.” He kissed her once more before starting the assembling of his clothes and duty belt. Kris groggily watched as he swiftly reattached all the necessary contraptions. Last to attend to was the radio. As he turned the volume back to high, a tail end of a report was scratchily coming through the speaker. 
Eyes heavy, and blissfully happy, Kris heard the garbled words and  bolted straight up in the bed.
“What are they saying?” 
Michael shook his head, speaking into the device.
“Damon, this is Michael, please repeat, 10-1.”
Rough, uneven static sounded for a few seconds before his request was acknowledged. 
“Michael, all units respond. Suspected 240. Northwest quadrant. Repeat 240.” Damon's raspy voice broke through. “Where are you?” 
“I'll be en route in 30 seconds. Units there now?” Michael responded, reaching up and slamming shut Kris's open windows. 
“10-23.” A loud electronic blip sounded and the radio went silent. 
Throwing the device on the bed, Michael shoved on his boots and laced them in great haste. 
“Affirmative. Officer on scene. Code 20. Paramedics  30 minutes out. Possible suspect still in area,” Damon Jerr said.
Michael grabbed the radio off the bed. “10-4. I'm headed there now.”
“Copy Michael.”
“What's happening? What's a code 20? Michael!” Kris stood, wrapping her arms tight around her midsection.
A swift kiss and then he yanked open the door, but stalled to gaze back at Kris. She was horrified and  unjustly disconnected from what was taking place. 
“531, Damon do they have an ID on the victim?” Michael's voice cracked speaking into the radio. He maintained eye contact with Kris but torn at the pale expression on her face. 
“Negative. Negative. Unknown victim, no positive ID.” Damon shot back. 
“Copy that.” Michael spat . 
“They don't know?” Kris grabbed a pair of sweats from the chair. “Where? Don't try and stop me, I'm going with you.”
“No. No, I can't take you. You're staying here.” 
“Why? Please let me come, I'll stay in the truck.”
“Kristjana. You need to stay here. Let me do my job. The perpetrator may still be in the area. I can't protect you and deal with the scene at the same time.” He hugged her tight, grasping the back of her head with his hand. 
“I need to go. Stay here. I mean it. Will you?” Michael let go of her and backed out the door. 
Kris reluctantly nodded. 
“Lock this door. And keep those shut.” He pointed the radio antenna toward the windows, and then disappeared. 
Kris flew to the door. He was a terribly long way from his truck, which should have been parked at the roundabout or further out. But looking down the steps in the darkness she saw the dim outline of his vehicle. He had put the truck right in front of her cabin. 
Michael threw open the door, slid in, and shoved the key into the ignition. He glanced up at Kris on the steps.
“I'll find you later. I promise. Get some sleep.”
Kris nodded hesitantly. Sleep? Yeah, right.  Quickly the engine roared to life. He spun the vehicle around so fast the rear tires kicked up a huge cloud of dust and rocks. 
Kris went inside and latched the door. Her heart was slamming wildly, and it was painfully difficult to  swallow.  Another attack. This couldn't be happening. The quiet cabin seemed foreign with Michael gone. She didn't want to be here. 
It was 3AM. Daylight wasn't for another three hours. She was due at the dining hall by 7:30AM. Without decent sleep, the panic attacks she worked so hard to get rid of over the years and keep secret, had a fair chance of returning. It was painfully clear what she needed. Kneeling in front of her old leather trunk, she yanked the heavy lid open. Digging around in darkness for a few minutes, she  finally found it. A small plastic bottle with a white label and black printing. A prescription for an anti-anxiety medication. Nearly three quarters of the season at White Rock and she had avoided taking them. The cap twisted off rather easily and Kris shook it until a little pill tumbled into her hand. Before she talked herself out of it, she gulped down the medication with a big drink of water. 
With a loud slam, she shut the top of the trunk and stumbled over to the bed but did not lay down. It plagued her what Michael was involved in on the other side of the park. More than ever she felt horribly alone and helpless. Grabbing a blanket, she shook it to straighten it out. Intending to tidy up her little bunk, Kris found herself caught up in Michael's scent. Overwhelmed, she  lay down and pulled the covers around her, leaving part of her body exposed. The heat of the night remained. Bit by bit she gave in to the relaxing effect of the drug. 
 If she resisted sleep now, no matter what was unfolding with the new attack and investigation, she would a total mess come morning. 
What if the suspect was outside the cabins right now? Damon said something about the incident occurring near the ghost camp. The old cabins. They weren't so far away from staff camp. Kris wrestled with paranoid thinking. Perhaps the attacker would sneak off. Get away. Would he ever be caught? She could feel her mind start to slip further into delusion. Reaching down under the bed she grasped the old wooden baseball bat and held it tightly against her body. A cold shiver crept up her spine. She knew the drug was working now. Soon after imagining scratching noises at her door, she fell into a fitful sleep.

Chapter Twenty

“Raina, can you hear me? How did you get here?” A soft voice leaned over Raina's sprawled body on the ground. Raina did not acknowledge the stranger. Half conscious and bleeding heavily, she was still intoxicated.  
“She's drunk. Smell it? That how the bastard does it? Get 'em wasted first?” Travis Feldspar, the nighttime security officer stared down at the body.
“I don't believe alcohol showed up in lab results with the others.” A woman spoke, shoving a hand into the pocket of a long white coat.
And then a different voice called out, “He's on his way!” Keri Brusk came running up to the small gathering of  personnel. 
“Travis, how'd you find her?” Keri asked, out of breath.
“Where's Falkenrath?” Travis asked.
“Coming. He's on the way. So, why were you over here?”
“Cool your heels.” Travis didn't like the tone of Keri's voice.
“Who told you to check this quadrant? It's not part of the patrol.”
“Michael asked me to.”
“When?” Keri put her hands on her hips, upset at the revelation Michael was apparently taking things into his own hands.
“You know Keri, if you weren't such a bitch, you might be in the loop. Michael played on a hunch and apparently it was right.”
“Just tell me. You know Beth is going to be asking the same questions in about 15 minutes.”
“Kiss-ass.” Travis growled and stepped forward toward Keri. “For your information, we got a report earlier in the day. Some parents of a stupid teenager were complaining their daughter was propositioned by a park worker over here.”
“What? I didn't get that report.” 
“Well don't look at me. It was filed in the office. Michael told me to start checking out the ghost camp as of this  evening. You have a fucking issue with that, take it up with him,” Travis said.
“Did it occur to anyone that the park worker may have been Raina's attacker?” Keri threw up her hands. 
“Do you know how many of those degenerates come over here? Just look under the floor boards,” Travis pointed to the cabins, “there's nothing but used condoms and drug paraphernalia. The girl in the report apparently has a history of getting in trouble.” Travis had enough of the interrogation, his voice was rough and edgy.
“Are you calling our staff, degenerates?” Keri asked.
“Hey, both of you. Take it some where else. And someone call about that ambulance. It should have been here by now.” The nurse, Laura Danes, harshly spoke out to both of the quarreling rangers.
As Travis moved away and grabbed his radio, the high intensity beams of Michael's truck filled the entire area. The tires skidded to a halt and he  jumped out. Michael raced forth and crouched low to the ground next to Raina's body.
“Where's the paramedics?” He handed off a large searchlight to Keri.  First aid was finally being administered  by the nurse. 
“God you got here quick Laura.” Michael spoke to the nurse but his attention cascaded over the bloodied body before them.  “What's her condition?” 
“I can't be sure. She's passed out though.”
“What the hell was she hit with?” Michael moved a bit of blood soaked fabric away. 
“I couldn't tell you.”
“She passed out from the wound or the booze?” Michael asked.
Smiling warmly, calm as ever in the face of tragedy, Laura pulled an emergency blanket over Raina. 
“Unclear on what has caused her unconscious state. I would say both actually. But she needs to be transported to a hospital.”
“She going to make it?” Michael was concerned for Raina but her ability to give details of the attack was paramount.
“Yes but she's in shock and lost a lot of blood,” Laura said.
“What the hell was she doing over here?” Michael asked under his breath. He stood and rubbed his forehead. Was she dragged to this location, or did she arrive on her own? 
“She's a partier. I've treated her before. Falls, head trauma, dehydration.” Laura  quipped. 
“Doesn't surprise me.”
“What are you thinking?” Laura watched as Michael inspected the immediate surrounding area.
“What was she doing drinking way over here at this hour alone?” Kris and Raina were good friends. The little he knew about the short haired spitfire didn't lend any insight into this attack. 
Kris. 
Hopefully she was fast asleep. Oblivious to cruel events. Safe, locked up in that stuffy cabin for now. He would  need to be the one to inform Kris that her friend was the next victim. Things were about to change rapidly.
“Damon, this is Michael. I want a code 6. Cordon off this entire section of the park. Nobody in or out. 10-73.” He spoke quickly into the radio.
“Affirmative Michael. North quad lock down. Medics should be on top of you soon.” 
Michael bent down again, smoothing his hand along Raina's arm, trying to produce some wakefulness. 
“Raina? Can you hear me?” But there was no response.
“She's passed out cold.” Laura held up an IV bag, the tubing attached to one of Raina's arms. “If she weren't intoxicated...”
“Yeah.” Michael breathed out sternly.
“Hey! Travis!” Michael strode over to the ex-cop.
“Yeah, Michael. What do you need?”
“Wake up Beth. Tell her we need to shut this fucking park down now.” 
“Excuse me? That's a bit rash, don't you think?” Overhearing Michael's statement, Keri came over to intervene. 
“No I don't think it's rash. I think there is a major amount of incompetence and it's time it fucking stopped.” Michael tried to keep his voice low.
“Okay,” Keri held out her hands, “what good is it going to do by getting everyone crazy? Hmm? Let's stop and think about this rationally.”
Coughing hard, Travis lost his patience.
“Open your goddam eyes, Keri, don't you see what's going on here?”
“Travis, back up. You have no right -”
Keri went on speaking but a beam of light coming from the darkened trees caught everyone's attention. Angela Bello, another ranger, was doing her best to run, but she was huffing and puffing so hard her face was solid red. She was waving a piece of paper and had some difficulty speaking amidst a sea of coughing. 
“Angela, what on earth is wrong with you?” Travis went to her.
“It's official. Park. Evacuated. Fire jumped the lines. They can't hold it. Gonna reach the valley by morning.”
“It is morning.” Keri scoffed.
“Shut up.” Travis grabbed the fax from Angela's hand. “She's right. Here Michael.” 
“Can't any of you see? The smoke, it's already so thick down here.” Angela sputtered and grabbed her chest trying to take in a deep breath.
“Who ordered the evac?” Keri bristled.
Shoving the paper at her, he snarled, “Your buddy Beth.” 
“Unit 13 is being air lifted out of the Black Creek trail system. Winds are pushing southwest down slope.  Crown fire has prevented progress.” 
Michael turned but listening to Keri read the paper, something snagged his thoughts. If the fire began east  in the high country, and winds were pushing southwest.. how did it hit Black Creek? That area was north of the fire.  Were there two fires? 
Michael thought hard. His strange meeting with Adam was right along the trail head above Black Creek. There was a reason Adam had been there. It had not been a coincidence.
Angela regained her wits finally and spoke up. “The south entrance is the only way out. Apparently a lot of people left yesterday when the smoke got thick.” 
“You won't be able to go after him. The perpetrator. Michael? We have to assist with the evacuation. If there is only one way out?” Travis  pointed out, his brow torqued up in discontent. 
Michael said nothing. If the fire was going to reach the valley in a matter of hours he had a limited amount of time to hunt this sick fuck down. His adrenaline was coursing at maximum intensity. Determination approached a critical level. He needed Raina to be lucid and able to communicate. Waiting for the intravenous fluids to work and paramedics to arrive was aggravating. 
The desire to get to Kris was intense. Logic dictated that others would wake her. The motley band of her friends would keep her safe. He had to believe that. 
The flash of bright red lights canceled his distraction. Two paramedics rushed out, but Michael grabbed a third by the arm. 
“The victim may know who the attacker is. Can you wake her?” He asked. 
“We're under orders to evacuate. We just came through the main entrance, it's total chaos. I don't know how long we can wait.” The EMT informed him. 
While they loaded Raina onto a stretcher and into the back of the emergency vehicle, Michael set off to look for clues. Any details whatsoever.  Retracing what seemed to be human footsteps into thick brush, Michael bent down, touching the disturbed earth. There had been a struggle. Raina's body had been dragged. 
“Michael!” A voice echoed. “Michael!” 
This was madness, he thought. Leaving the edge of what seemed to be an old trail, he ran back towards the clearing.
“What now?” 
Laura was waving a flashlight, beckoning him to return. The medics were working on the damaged girl. Anger rose up,  causing his chest to get tighter and tighter. This attack could have been prevented. The perpetrator was someone she knew. Perhaps trusted. Raina was not a random selection for the assailant.  An ex-boyfriend? An enemy? Co-worker?
“Okay, so what do you need?” He met the nurse near the conglomeration of vehicles.
“Beth wants you on the satellite phone. Is your radio turned off? Keri was complaining she couldn't get you a minute ago.”
“To hell with them. How is she?” Michael gestured toward the ambulance.
“She'll be okay. Maybe stay close, I think with the fluids she could regain consciousness soon,” Laura said.
“You need to get out of here,” Michael gazed over at the sweet faced woman, “as daylight comes it's only going to get worse.”
“Don't worry about me. I'll get out.” Laura smiled. “She'll be okay.”
“Think so? Looked like a pretty bad gash on her back.” Michael frowned.
“No,” Laura turned, her arms wrapped around her midsection, looking directly at the worn ranger, “I mean Kris. She's a smart thing. I know you must want to go to her.”
Michael felt his stomach lurch.
“Yes. Of course.” Michael was a bit overcome for a split second, but he fought to regain his professionalism. “Thanks for helping out with all this. I'm sure your quick response will better the outcome for that girl.”
“Rumor has it you're leaving.” Laura turned, about to make her way back to her car.
Michael narrowed his eyes. “Not until I get him.” 

~ ~ ~ 

Daylight broke with a thick orange glow.
Kris woke from a heavy, fitful trance. At first she figured she was hallucinating. Unsteady, she attempted to stand but crashed into the far wall near the door. So much noise  emanated through the thin cabin clapboards, Kris thought perhaps everyone was having a wild party outside. She blinked over and over until regaining clear sight. Grasping the warm door knob, she tried to give it a twist, but weakness in her muscles stalled her attempt to open it. Kris breathed out heavily. Wondering if she was hung over, she tried to recall the previous night's events, but could not.
“Shhhit.” Slumping down to the floor, she sat with her back against the door, head in her hands. Apparently everyone outside was having a grand old time. But then she noticed  heavy smoke  seeping in from underneath the door. Odd to be having such a party in the morning. 
Kris grabbed whatever clothes she could and sloppily attempted to get dressed. Swearing under her breath,  she combed out her tangled hair but had to pause and grab the edge of the desk several times due to dizziness. 
“I don't remember this.” Kris grabbed a half empty water bottle and took a long drink, thinking she was dehydrated. Anxiety pills never produced such a heavy, groggy state.  She gulped down more water, although now, twinges of nausea was beginning to form.
“Where the hell is my jacket?” Her eyes wouldn't cooperate and focus. “Fuck it.”  A need for fresh air overtook the compulsion to find  other clothing.
Kris stumbled out the door and tried pulling it shut but it only bounced against the door frame and stayed ajar. It went unnoticed and she grasped the step railing for dear life, plunking down each level until she was on the dirt. 
Total mayhem was breaking loose. Cars were parked in the center of the camp and people were throwing belongings into  vehicles. Kris decided she was either hallucinating or dreaming. Why was everyone acting like freaks? 
“Kris!” Jake ran up to her seemingly out of thin air.
“Huh?” She gazed at him, observing at least four different versions of Jake McAllister floating before her. 
“What's the matter with you?! We have to get out.” Jake grabbed her upper arm trying to startle her. 
“Kris, did you hear me? What's wrong with you?”
“Are you guys having a party? Everyone is going to be late for work,” Kris said.
“What? No, we're evacuating. Can't you see? Wake up. Are you high on something? The fire is going to reach the valley  soon. Headquarters has ordered us to go.”
“What fire?” Kris strained to make sense out of the bedlam. 
“The forest fire. Where do you think all this smoke is coming from? The back country fire made its way down here.” 
Kris nodded. She knew there was grave danger but in a such a drugged state of mind she was equating the evacuation to the park killer. 
“Get out. Go find Falkenrath.” Jake yelled before running off into the blue haze of the camp.  Kris quickly lost sight of him in the mess of people and smoke. 
Perhaps Raina could straighten all this out, plus she kept a car in the dirt lot. At least she used to. Kris stumbled along  until reaching Raina's cabin. Peering up at the rickety old steps, Kris grasped the railing. A fast moving wave of dizziness washed over her.  She blinked several times and started the climb up. 
She raised her hand to knock on the door but missed and only hit air. Sloppily stepping forward once more, she tried again. This time her knuckles made contact with the door. 
After several minutes of weak knocking at irregular intervals it was painfully apparent Raina was gone. Her door was locked as well, which was strange. But then Kris was dealing a world of strange. She slid down  against the door, but the growing aches in her stomach only worsened. She wasn't quite sure  if a dark figure was crossing the path, coming straight at Raina's cabin, or if it was a wild hallucination. 
Whoever it was, started pounding heavily up the steps.  The vibration struck her nerves quickly and she leaned over to throw up violently on the porch. Several more times she became sick before managing to sit upright. 
“Kris?” The blurred figure was standing over her now. She didn't feel like moving her head to look up. Concentration on not blacking out was sucking away her energy.
“Kris....” The figure bent down in front of her. 
“Where's Raina?” Assuming this individual could help find her friend, Kris was still unable to grasp the dire situation.  
“Come on. Get up.” A hand wrapped around her upper arm and she was yanked to a standing position.
Kris steadied herself, coughing. Her breath was labored.  
“I'm here baby. I have the van all ready.” This time the tone of the voice matched a face in her mind. Blinking, trying to clear her vision, she squinted hard at the person.
“What the hell are you doing Adam? Get away from me.” 
“I know where Raina is. She's safe. She's already gone out the south gate. Come on we have to go meet her.” Adam lied. It couldn't be more perfect. The timing of Kris ingesting the drug was delightful. He had replaced the  anti-anxiety pills with a strong narcotic called GHB over a month ago. Kris never locked her windows. The rear  window faced the forest, which made for an easy, unnoticed entry. Watching the decline of Kris's behavior over the season and lusting after that Ranger, forced Adam to take  deviant measures.  
Kris always spoke of going off her stupid panic pills but Adam knew her. All her anxieties, sleep problems, family issues. She would pop a pill eventually. And he knew exactly where the little vile of medication was kept. Deep in her trunk. He knew she never bothered to inspect the color or shape of the damn little pills, so substituting them was perfect. Adam had waited day after day but she showed no signs of being on GHB. The date rate drug  usually came in a crystalline powder. The tourists that sold the pills to him said it was a new type.  The best thing about  it was the enhanced sensuality, decreased inhibition, and lapse in memory. All desirable things in Adam's view. If he could just get Kris alone in a vulnerable state, she'd remember why they both were destined to remain together.
But it took until now for Kris to finally resort to her bottles of drugs. Momentarily he kicked himself for making the choice to play around with Raina last evening.  But better late than never for his plan to come to fruition. 
“Come on honey. Let's get going. Raina is waiting, she's really upset she couldn’t wake you before.” Adam spun the situation to his advantage. 
Glassy eyed and confused, Kris bore a look of disapproval directly at him. Was he telling the truth? Raina couldn't wake her? Why would Raina take off without her? 
Clarity began to creep back in her mind. Perhaps the expulsion from her stomach had  helped. 
“I have to go find Michael.” Kris tried pushing him out of the way.
The sting of that fucking Ranger's name. 
Adam swiftly tried persuasion again. 
“I thought you wanted to go find Raina. Kris, come on, we don't have much time. Let's get out of here.”  
“I'm not coming with you. Fuck off.” Tripping badly on the rickety steps, Kris winced in pain. Looking down at her knee quickly brought instant dizziness. 
Sighing loudly, Adam rushed to her side, wrapping an arm around her midsection.  Blood dripped from a cut just below her kneecap. 
“Get off me.” Kris pushed at him. “Get away.”
Adam feared he was losing control over the situation. So an alternative plan formed.
“Okay. Okay, I get it. It's really over between us, you made that clear. I'm only trying to help you now.” 
Did she she hear him correctly?  He was admitting something she had worked hard trying to beat into his thick skull for more than a year?
“That just crossed your mind, now?” She half grinned at him for a second but faded quickly as her attention turned to a wound on his forehead.
“What the hell did you do to yourself?”
Adam reached up, touching the sore bump. Instantaneously it all returned to him. The unpleasantnesses of dealing with uncooperative females. Apparently he had a casualty from his recent tussle with Raina. She was a bit of a hellcat last night. Regaining consciousness after being silenced was way too much for him to tolerate.
“And you're cut too. Adam, what happened?” Kris stood but couldn't take her attention off the swollen gash above his right eye. It was swollen and red, almost purple.
“I was hiking. Above. Ran into some trees.” 
“That doesn't make any sense. Trees caused all that?” Kris pointed to his abrasions.
Adam didn't like the inquiry, it was wasting precious time and Kris was becoming more lucid with each passing second.
“I'll tell you about it later. We need to go.” 
“Whatever. Never mind, I don't want to hear some fancy tale later.” Figuring he fell or ran into a building during an alcoholic black out, Kris decided she rather not feed into curiosity, knowing his story would be a big bunch of lies pasted together. 
Extra careful down the remaining steps, Adam unnecessarily helped her along the dirt and broken asphalt path. The camp was clearing out. Fewer people hurried around now. Perfect. Adam grasped her hand, leading her to a small deer trail that paralleled the path back down to the dining hall. If he met up with too many people he could lead her down into the ravine and wait out the fucking pandemonium until it was safe to leave with Kris. Whether or not the incompetent assholes were going to be able to link him to Raina, who was so drunk she probably didn't know her name, concerned him greatly. 
“Adam, why the hell are we going off this way? Wouldn't it be faster to go through the roundabout? I thought you said your van was ready?” Kris chugged along, skipping and stumbling over rocks and branches. She pointed backward as Adam pulled her in the opposite direction.
“No honey. You want your man, we have to go this way.  I saw him. Before I came to get you.” Adam hoped his intricate work of fiction was being absorbed by Kris. She wasn't  resisting too much but he needed to work fast. 
Kris tried to focus on the narrow trail. Adam gripped her tightly against his side to help speed up the slow progress they were making.  
Kris thought it odd for Adam to be so agreeable  now, when he'd spent the entire season moping around, and in denial about getting back together. Still fighting off waves of sickness and disorientation, it was hard to straighten out her thoughts.  Several times Kris saw what appeared to be  a big hairy animal standing at the edge of the trees. Or that many people were walking aimlessly through the forest, amongst the shadows and hazy beams of orange light. Surely they would reach Michael soon and get the hell out of the park.

~ ~ ~
Michael flew from one cabin to the next. Pin pointing the area where the actual attack occurred was not hard. Ground debris, leaves, pine needles were all disturbed and some traces of blood were easily spotted now. Daylight had come and still, no traces of the suspect. Loud suggestive thoughts of  the perpetrator having  escaped the park were clouding Michael's judgment. Although the south gate was the only way out, it would most certainly be clogged with people and exiting would be hindered. More importantly, how would he know if Kris got through? 
Michael looked up abruptly as the crunching of footsteps grew near. Laura, the nurse, was running toward him. 
“What is it?” He quickly met her and started walking in the direction of the ambulance.
“She's coming out of it. Raina.  I think she can answer a few things but she's really confused. Keeps repeating how she has to warn someone.” 
“I thought they had gone. The ambulance is still here?” 
“Yes. The driver is apparently obeying your orders to stay until you can question her.”
Having gripped the radio so tight his palm was indented, Michael expeditiously made it back to the ambulance. The rear doors were wide open, and one of the paramedics rushed up to him. 
“We need to get her to the hospital as soon as possible. This delay could be costing her permanent damage from this wound. We are limited in what we can do out in the field like this.” 
“Yeah, I realize that.” Michael pushed past the irate medic. 
“You have two minutes, and then I'm ordering my driver on!” The pudgy paramedic waddled up to the front of the idling vehicle then added, “It's going to take us forever to get through that entrance, in case you haven't heard!”
“Asshole.” Michael mumbled under his raspy breath. He climbed into the back and stared in horror at the blood soaked rags and padding. Raina lay face down. A medic was addressing the large gash in her back. 
“What was she assaulted with?” Michael asked.
Reluctantly the worker responded but continued to attend to Raina. 
“Some type of heavy device. This is a deep penetration. It's rather close to her spinal column.”
“What does that mean? She has a spinal cord injury?”
“Unclear until she gets an x-ray. Perhaps MRI.”
“What about these other bruises?” Michael inspected the side of Raina's face and neck.
“Couldn't tell ya. Obvious blunt force trauma.”
“From a fall?” 
“I think we both know you can sustain these injuries from a fall, but I wouldn't speculate that as the cause in this female.” The medic eyed Michael, suspiciously.
“Can she hear me?” Michael moved sticky hair, coated with dried blood away from the side of her face.
“She's had sporadic consciousness.”  
Michael leaned in close to her.  “Raina. Do you know who I am? Can you hear me?”
There was no response. Fearing the driver would take off at any moment, Michael tried again.
“Raina? Can you hear my voice? I want to help you, but you need to help me first.”
“You have to go. . .” Finally Raina breathed out in a short, choked breath. 
“Go? I will, but I need some information from you. Who did this? Who were you with last night?” 
“You have to go...get him.” 
“She's having trouble breathing, I need to get some of that fluid suctioned out.”
“Wait, wait just a minute.” Michael urged at the medic.
“Who are you talking about? Who should I go get? Raina, give me a name. Just say a name.” Michael was sure she knew who did this. “Please try.” 
A tear rolled from the corner of her eye, down her swollen cheek. Her answer was weak and difficult to hear. 
“Adam.”
Michael slowly sat straight up, grasping the metal bar of the stretcher. 
“Adam? Adam Hoth?” He took her shaking hand, attempting to calm her, yet he was fast becoming unhinged. 
“You have to go find Kris. She's in great danger.” The words crept from Raina's mouth, barely audible against the background noise. Her eyes grew blank and her breathing became further obstructed, then stopped. 
“Move.” The medic ordered, grabbing two paddles attached to retractable cords. “Now!” He blasted  at Michael. Another paramedic jumped into the rear bay of the ambulance immediately assisting the first medic with turning Raina over so they could apply the defibrillator contacts.
Michael practically fell out of the back of the vehicle, and the doors were pulled shut the moment his feet hit the ground. He could make out through two rear windows the intense effort to resuscitate  Raina's unconscious body. 
Watching the vehicle pull out, lights flashing once more, but an absence of the siren, Michael took several steps backward.  
“I don't know if it helps, but I was asking Raina how she got away, you know, after the initial attack.” Laura drew up alongside Michael.
“What makes you think she got away?” 
“Oh, well, I guess I was wondering why she wasn't killed like the others?” Laura frowned.
“Because -” Michael's eyes glazed over, watching the emergency vehicle grow smaller in the distance. “- he intended her to die a slow death.”
“Why on earth?” The color drained from Laura's face.
Disengaged, Michael fled to his truck.
“Wait, wait, I -” Laura rushed after him, pulling something from her pocket. 
Michael started the engine, but before he could pull the door shut, Laura raced up.
“I don't know if this means anything to you.” She held out a large silver key ring that contained no keys, only a little plastic token with tiny inscribed letters, R.D. and a small bottle opener. Leaning over to grab them, he looked perplexed.
“What are these?” 
“I found them on her.” Laura struggled to elevate her voice above the rattle of the diesel engine.  Michael's eyes widened, realizing the significance.
“No keys.” Laura stated the obvious, and shoved her hands in her pockets. Slowly she stepped backward, away from the truck.
“What's R.D.?” Michael called out.
“Raina Davenport. Nobody else has those initials on staff at this park.” Laura stretched her voice so he could hear, and then ended up in a fit of coughing.
Michael slammed the gear shift into drive and stomped down on the accelerator. 

~ ~ ~
“Why would Michael be down this way? Tell me again. Adam? Are you hearing me?” 
“You need to trust me, darling.” 
“Hard to. I don't feel good.” Kris rubbed her brow.
They reached the junction. Further down the trail was Willow Camp, the dining hall, and store. The main valley, meadows and guest camps would be reached by turning right at the junction. Adam yanked her toward a steep, rocky embankment lined with sparkling white granite and a few pine trees growing lopsided between the cracks of boulders. 
Old battered signs littered the cliff edge, warning of  impending doom. Tourists routinely ignored the warnings, prompting a multitude of calls for search and rescue to come fish them out. Quite often the bodies were never recovered alive. Staffers knew a secret way of traversing  precariously to the bottom. The motivation for putting one's life at risk was the secluded section of the Kwoluck River. A pristine stretch of crystal clear water, yet the danger of it's icy grasp and fluctuating rapids did not discriminate in its victims.
It was a perfect place to wait out the fucking idiots, Adam thought.  Plus, the smoke was so thick now, it was getting hard to move, let alone breath. The sharp, narrow cliffs might offer a reprieve from the hazy conditions. If Kris needed to be compromised, he could circle back in a few hours for his van, pick her up, and then drive them both out of there. At the moment too many people made the situation risky. Adam could be identified, and worse,  Kris's Ranger-man could throw a fit, destroying the plan  which Adam had worked so hard and waited so long to achieve.
“What the hell are we doing? Willow Camp is down that way.” Kris pointed to a small valley below. The smoke disoriented her, and she had not noticed the deviation from the main trail.
“We have to wait.” Adam dropped his pack next to a trail sign. Crouching down he quickly unzipped a pocket   producing a slender plastic device half wrapped in cloth. He shoved the item into his coat pocket. Just a back up plan in case Kris became very uncooperative. 
“Bullocks. It's hot.” Smug with arrogance and giddy with anticipation of reaching his goal to rid Kris of her stupid delusions, Adam fantasized about the future. In a short while they would be free of this cursed park forever. Kris's behavior would come around, and she would learn that he was the only man for her. Once they reached Matherville, and the apartment he rented, she would remember that fate dictated their future.  Of course a heavy cocktail of sedatives to relax her panicky tendencies, would be a major help in his favor. 
Grasping his secret weapon, he switched it to a cargo pocket of his pants and shed the jacket onto the ground. While he busied himself un-lashing straps on his backpack,  Kris paced back and forth. 
“Where did you say Michael was? Exactly? He was going to meet us at Willow?” She was coming out of the irritating daze that the medication had placed over her. This illogical trek back down to Willow Camp was wrong. She knew it was all wrong now. Some detail hanging in the back of her mind would not reveal itself. Straining mentally to recall the forgotten piece of information was augmenting her hostility toward Adam and this ridiculous march in the opposite direction. Why had she placed trust in anything that bubbled out of his mouth in the first place? 
“Did you talk to him?” She strolled over to Adam, hands on her hips.
“Yes. Sorta. He was in a hurry. Had a lot to do. You're not the only thing on his mind, dearie.”
“Then what about Raina? Didn't you say something about her waiting for me at the gate? How long is she going to wait?”
Adam cockily shoved his hands deep into pockets of his paratrooper pants. Thinking about Raina was quite an aphrodisiac. 
“What's that?” Kris asked, listening to him jostle what sounded like loose change in his pocket. It had a funny metal clink to it.
“Just things. I grabbed stuff from the cabin in a hurry.” Adam tried to sound nonchalant but wound up speaking in an oddly high pitched tone. 
 “Level with me, okay? Michael really didn't tell you to bring me to this area?” Kris tried to ignore Adam's weird behavior.
“You never believe a word I say anyway.”
“Why the hell should I? You act like I keep doing something horrific to you, but I have no solid reason to trust you,” Kris said.
Adam lugged the heavy pack over his shoulders again, fastening the waist belt. 
“Fire is coming from that direction, Kris.” He pointed back towards the cabins. “It's moving southwest. We need to stay ahead of it as much as possible. If we continue down that trail,” Adam  now pointed with a jittery hand to the main trail to Willow Camp,  “we'll be taking in a lot of smoke. What's the first rule in a fire? Don't you remember from elementary school?”
“No. I'm tired of your games.”
“To get as low as possible.”
“So what?”
“We need to head  into the crevasse.”
“You  must think I am a real idiot. That would take hours to get down to the bottom.”
“No. Not hours.”
“I'm not doing this. You go right on ahead Adam.” 
“Okay. Fine. Good luck finding your lover.”
“Well he's surely not down there!” Kris said.
“I didn't say he was. But you know this alternate way into Willow just as much as I do. We can breathe without the smoke and -”
Kris rubbed her eyes in total disbelief at what she was hearing. 
“Adam, for fuck sake. This time of year, with the river so high? There isn't going to be any shoreline or bank at all. The water is going to be coursing right against the sharp rock walls.”
Adam laughed at her dramatic display. But Kris continued.
“You're going to swim down to camp? I mean that's a nice plan if it were Autumn and the rapids were less.” She stepped under a large branch from a pine tree for some shade. Even with the shroud of smoke, intense sunlight was bearing down on them.  Kris twisted up her hair, wrapping it into a sloppy bun. Cracking a small stick off the tree, she threaded it into her  hair. 
“You need to trust me,” Adam said, growing impatient. “It's hot, and smoky, and we can get down in the river and cool off while we make our way to Willow. Then, by that time, Michael will be there.”
“That's if we can get down to the water without falling to our death, Adam. Hell, the erosion on those cliffs? I'd rather take my chances and run down the main trail at this point. You do what you want. Bye.” Kris turned and walked away, leaving Adam standing at the edge of the  crevasse.  
Adam casually patted his pocket containing an item that would come in handy very soon. As he predicted, she was being wild and unpredictable.
“He won't be down that way.” Adam called out after her. Kris stopped, arms down at her sides. 
“I think you are just lying. Lying, lying, Adam! Where the hell is he?  Tell me now or I'm just going any direction. I don't care. I'll find a way to the south gate on my own.”
Adam strode up, jostling items in his pocket again. They needed to start climbing down the rocks into the ravine. Time was wasting.
Kris watched his foul, cocky expression and tried to assess what was really taking place.  She slapped a mosquito on her arm, wiping the remnants onto her pants. Dried blood from the fall on Raina's steps stained her sweats. At that moment she realized she wore the same ratted white tee shirt from the previous night. 
Last night. 
That was the detail in the back of her mind that had kept bothering her.
Kris thought extra hard. It had been hot last evening. Someone had come over, unexpectedly. Who?
“What is it?” Adam could see the torment on her face.
Kris only waved a hand at him, trying to shush him up.
Michael had come by. It took several minutes of tracing back through her distorted memory. Her stomach jumped, recalling the activities between them. He had left rapidly afterward. Kris couldn't remember why. 
“Come on Kris. You won't miss him. We'll just go down a little way, it's so much cooler in the rocks than this inferno.” Adam urged. 
“No. Wait. Okay, okay, I'll go. Just wait and give me a minute,” Kris grasped at an excuse to bide some time, “I, I need to go pee.” She just wanted five minutes alone, out of his intense watch so she could think. For whatever deranged reason, he wanted her down in those rocks. Kris had to stall him without raising suspicion. Something really awful was taking place within Adam's mind. 
“I'll go with you.” Adam unfastened the pack waist belt. 
“No!” She yelled at first, but then laughed it off to downgrade her overreaction.
“Adam, geez. Wait here. I'll be right back. You're right. I agree now. We have to get out of this smoke. I'll go down there, but just give me a minute, okay?” 
Adam stared as she turning around, and walked casually into some thick trees and heavy brush. Listening intently for his footsteps, she felt confident he wasn't following after a  minute or so. 
Once in the cooler concealment of the forest, Kris leaned against a tree, trying to recall more details of what took place after Michael left the previous night. Something missing seemed rather crucial. What was it? And why had she awoken in such a drugged state this morning? Eyes growing wide, Kris put a hand to her mouth. She'd taken the pill before going to bed.  But before all that, Michael received the call on the radio about another attack. 
Cold chills ran up her arms. Adam was lying. He had to be. Michael wouldn't of allowed her to leave with him. Not after another attack. And the gash on Adam's head? What did that mean? 
Deep in paranoia, Kris didn't hear the soft crunching of footsteps and snap of a branch. 
“Is there some way I can be of assistance to you?” Adam's voice instantly killed her concentration.
Kris realized in a split second she needed to run. Dense underbrush snagging at her feet prevented her escape. Adam reacted fast, grabbing tightly onto her arm. 
“No, no, no. Adam, please!” Kris begged him. Determined with angry force, Adam dragged her from the forest until they were back on the trail. 
 “Fucking tired of this Kris. Why can't you fucking trust me for one goddamn second? I only have your best interests in mind. I'm only here to help you.” Thick beads of sweat glistened on his forehead. 
“No, okay, Adam, you're right. I just needed a moment.” Kris held out her hands in protest, trying to remain calm. 
“Bull shit. No more moments. I offered an easy way out of this park, and even then you couldn't fucking trust me.  Everything would be fine if you'd just quite trying to make me into the bad guy.” Adam shoved her down hard and dug a hand into his cargo pocket. 
But in his furry, he forgot which pocket he had the syringe of Ketamine. Damn girl deserved a heavy dose of cyanide for all he cared now. If she was going to be this difficult, then she was going to be sedated. 
Head pounding, Adam shoved a hand into his front pocket, grasping onto stray objects. Angrily, he threw them to the ground.
“What are those?” Kris struggled to sit up, and then peered at a bunch of loose keys that he had scattered onto the ground. 
“Nothing!” Jamming his hands into other pockets, he was alarmed to be shaking so badly. Desperate need of alcohol was taking over. But he needed to get the syringe ready.
Kris squinted in the bright light.  Horrified, she collected each key off the dirt to inspect them in the palm of her hand. Instantly she knew who they belonged to.  They were Raina's keys. 
Adam spun around to find Kris holding her hand out with the keys.
“Why do you have all of these?” 
“I don't know. You tell me.”
“They're Raina's. Why do you have them?” Kris glanced down at the assortment of silver and brass colored keys. Raina had put brightly colored plastic  protectors on each one, mostly because she never could remember which key went to her cabin, and which to the dining hall. 
Adam only shrugged, not interested in giving an answer that would satisfy Kris.
“What did you do to Raina?” Kris shouted, trying to stand as he came nearer.
“Nothing she didn't deserve.” 
“You said she was on her way out. Out of the park. What did you do to her?” Tears began to well up in Kris's eyes.
“I really don't know. Why don't you ask her the next time you see her.” Adam inched closer.
“You're the one.” She wanted to hear it. He was the deviant attacker. The one brutally killing females. Raping and cutting their bodies. Kris started shaking uncontrollably. 
“Oh very good. Such a smart ass.” He slid his foot forward in the dirt.
“You didn't kill her, did you? What did you do to her? Please. Tell me. I'll do whatever you want. I'll go down the ravine.” Kris motioned to the cliff. 
“I haven't done anything. There's nothing to tell. And your time, is up. I gave you every chance -”
Kris threw the keys at him, bolting to her feet, attempting to run once more. But he grabbed onto her shirt before she could get away. Kris lurched to the ground in a rough landing. She turned over immediately to see Adam standing over her. An odd smile on his face, he grabbed his crotch with a free hand and perversely gave his male goods a gratifying jostle. 
“I've been waiting for this,” Adam said.
“No -” Kris began scooting backward on her elbows, but Adam pounced on top. Breath knocked out of her, Kris gasped but couldn't produce any real sound. Adam worked fast, pinning her arms at her sides with his legs straddled over. He shakily grasped the hypodermic syringe and a small vile of liquid. Quickly breaking the seal and sucking the contents into the reservoir of the syringe, Adam promptly injected the contents into her neck. 
The drug took effect fast enough, and he soon crouched onto his feet. Satisfied to see her cessation of squirming, he disposed of the keys and syringe by chucking them off the cliff. Only a faint clink could be heard as the evidence disappeared down the granite wall. 

~ ~ ~
All Kris could see was thick black sky above. She didn't know if she was awake or in a nightmare. Her muscles were useless, unresponsive. 
Adam leaned down onto the ground, peering into her face. Closing her eyes, she mouthed out to him. “What did you give me?”
Adam lay down on his side, propping his head up with a hand so he could stare directly into her face. 
“Veterinary anesthesia. Very potent too.”  He pulled a cigarette from his front pocket. “I could perform surgery on you right now and you'd never know. Isn't that something? I went to great lengths to get this stuff, hoping maybe you'd just cooperate. But hell, this is okay. This will work. Plus, I get to have some fun before you wake up.”
Kris blinked really slowly, hardly able to keep her eyes open. She heard his words, and was terrified beyond reason, but unable to express any movement or sound. 
“You must be tired my love. Go to sleep. I'll be right here when you wake up. You might give some thought to cooperating with me.” Adam blew a long trail of pungent smoke into her face.
Kris was internally screaming for help. For a moment she thought she was indeed able to reach out with her arm. But she could not. The last thing she saw was his depraved grin and unshaven face. And then everything went blank. 

Chapter Twenty One
The Demon

Michael had to assume Adam wasn't going kill her. The demon wanted to possess her, but not end her life. Two possibilities were tugging at Michael. Adam  was either hiding with Kris somewhere, perhaps holding her prisoner, or Adam had managed to flee the park with or without Kris.  On the presumption Adam was still within park boundaries, Michael headed for the south gate. 
The last ten minutes of wasted time, proved futile.  Threatening to expose Beth Taylor and her shady operations disintegrated quickly. She was still under a delusion that this evacuation was unnecessary, yet she had hastily ordered it. Michael wanted all security concentrated at the south gate to prevent Adam's escape. Once again it was a hindrance and too extreme in Beth's view. She wanted armed personnel to guard the administrative offices and the main visitor center.  
 Reaching the gate finally, Michael raced over to  three park rangers who appeared to be having a difficult time managing the exodus. 
“I need to prevent a person from leaving,” Michael said, watching cars stream through the narrow entrance and ranger kiosk.
“Well how the hell are we supposed to do that?” One of them yelled angrily at Michael. Low on patience, he grabbed the sorry piece of shit by the collar, yanking him off his feet.  
“Hoth. Adam Hoth? He should be apprehended on sight. He may have a prisoner with him. A female.”
“You can't order me to do anything. We're leaving and locking these gates once everyone gets through.” The puny ranger spat at Michael.
“Is that so?” Michael let him drop back to the ground. “These gates?” He quickly stormed over to one of the metal bars with a heavy chain dangling from it.
“We're under Beth's orders. Nothing you can do about it, you stupid tyrant.” A lanky, pimply faced ranger spoke out. Without a word, Michael ran back to his truck and in less than thirty seconds he returned with a huge pair of bolt cutters. In one swift move he applied the tool to the thick chain, snapping it in half. He snipped apart several more links, and grabbed a large padlock off the ground. Coiling the chain up, he strode back toward the truck but not before pausing in front of the inept rangers.
“If I come back through here, and find that gate obstructed, I will hunt you down and make sure the next job you have is scrubbing septic tanks under my house. Is that clear?”
One of them nodded at Michael, but the other only scoffed, calling him pompous and indignant.
 “If you see Adam Hoth, consider him armed and dangerous.” And then Michael left. Driving along the soft shoulder of the narrow road, he made way back toward the cabins. 
He shouldn't of left Kris earlier. Why didn't he see that it was Adam all along? Blinded by his affections for Kris, it had lead to dire consequences now. Adam fit all the characteristics of a mentally unstable individual enacting revenge and harm out of a need for control and righteousness. All of it, passed right under Michael's eyes.  He would not be able to live with himself if this situation wasn't stopped. 
Stepping down harder on the gas, he swerved around the winding roads. Finally he slammed on the brakes, skidding into the roundabout. Everything was deserted. Commanding the truck over the embankment, he continued driving erratically until reaching the  community area and then the front of Kris's cabin. 
Bolting up the steps as fast as his legs would allow, he stopped short and fast. The door was ajar. Michael threw off his hat and un-holstered his firearm. Proceeding with caution and an extreme hope she wasn't inside, he creaked the door open with his foot. Aiming the weapon around the darkened room, it was a relief of sorts that she wasn't there. It was likely that the other staff woke her in the midst of the now dwindling evacuation.
Okay. Calm down. Think. Think soldier!  Michael couldn't get a grasp on what he was feeling. Never in his life had he faced a search for an individual he loved. 
I love her. The thought sank in with a heavy dose of reality. She was alive. Somewhere. She was out in this park. Kris was smart. She would find a way to do what needed to be done. Michael desperately wanted to believe that. 
Scrambling back to the truck, he tore open a map and started assessing possible areas Adam could hold her prisoner. It wouldn't be far from camp. If Kris put up resistance, Adam would have dealt with quite a struggle. Michael clenched his eyes shut. He needed to make the best guess possible as to where to look. Time was running out and the air was so thick with smoke, he didn't have the luxury of methodical planning.  
Adam was smart, devious. He took great care in not attracting too much unwarranted attention. Very likely he would stay clear from others seeing him with Kris. Which  ruled out going through the main entrance. There were limited areas Michael could take the truck. He needed to  search on foot. The fire was dangerously close to the structures now. Glowing flames could be seen dancing along the tree tops in the distance. 
“Dammit!” he swore out. Yanking the gear shift into drive, he sped off back through the camps, around the parking circle, stopping and getting out quickly to check the staff showers. He had an itch, a gut instinct. Adam was going to hide and wait out the crowds. The bastard deemed himself smarter than everyone else, so why not lay low until the last minute and then run. The only question was would he panic and leave Kris behind? 

~ ~ ~
Eyes closed, Kris tried to determine if Adam was nearby. The eerie absence of normal sounds in the forest was alarming her. A thunderous roar in the distance could be detected, although she didn't know if it was the fire or perhaps the aircraft fighting the fire. Her mind was clearing from the drug that Adam injected her with but her body was not her own. Not yet.  Unable to move, she  tried wriggling her toes. The movement was challenging, but she could do it. Intense heat from the ground kept seeping into her body, creating enormous discomfort. Perhaps her skin was burning off and she couldn't detect it. Sluggishly she opened her eyes. Had it become night? How long had she lay on the ground? Everything seemed massively dark, yet it was hot. Shortly after laying amidst great confusion, she heard his voice. 
“Have a nice sleep?” Adam plunked himself down on the ground next to her again. Kris strained to keep her  vision focused on him, but she groaned in pain, sure that pins and needles were being shoved into her orbital sockets.  She tried rolling onto her back, but it was tedious and uncomfortable. 
Finally in a sitting position, her eyesight began to clear. Heavy smoke plumes were coming over the tops of the trees in the distance, orange flames dotted the crown of the forest. 
“Adam. Enough. Let's just get out. We are going die here if we don't go,” Kris said.
“Get up then.” The tone of Adam's voice was proud, yet hid some privileged information that surely wasn't good.   Gradually Kris wobbly stood. Her feet and legs were partially numb. 
Adam watched with great amusement. It was then to her horror she knew why he gloated so oddly.  She stared down at her attire. 
“You had your way with me. I guess you got what you finally wanted this season, Adam. Only, you had to coerce, drag and drug me to the edge of hell and then violate me.” Her mouth and throat were so dry the words sounded scratchy and coarse. 
“Who said anything about that? Hey, baby, I have needs too. I couldn't just let that prick ranger have all the fun.   I'm just cashing in on what I'm owed.” Adam came forth, constricting her in a hug.  Being still very weak, she couldn't fight back. But she smelled the unmistakable stench of booze on his rotten breath. 
“You've gotten what you wanted then. So, what the hell are we still doing here?” Kris tried again to appeal to any remaining sensibilities. One last option was forming in her mind, and it wasn't making a run for it. She knew her legs were hardly able to walk very far, let alone run. If he agreed to leaving, she could possibly regain strength by the time they hit the meadow, at which point she would loose him in the tall grass. One last option crossed her mind, but she desperately hoped the situation wouldn't come to it.
Kris pulled the shoulder of her flimsy shirt down, exposing her skin. It wasn't enough. Yanking it down lower she exposed the upper part of her breast. Watching his expression change drastically, she pulled it down further rendering the front of herself naked. Praying her body would stave off the urge to vomit, she slowly licked her lips to add to the  deception and fully grab his attention. 
“Interesting. Especially since you were just saying you want to leave.” Adam observed with growing sexual hunger, but wasn't buying her trickery. 
“Maybe I'm offering things to come later. Once we get the hell out of here.”
“Hmm. Nope, I don't think so. Kris, what do I have to do to get it into your head? I'm the smartest man you're ever going to meet.”
Kris pulled the fabric of the tee shirt back around the front, and tied it just above her belly button. Her legs felt weak, unable to even support standing for much longer.
She hadn't noticed Adam fussing with his pack again.  Quickly he produced a folding ax and  fully clicked it open. 
“What's that for?  I'm cooperating. Just like you asked.” Kris was so horrified she knew the last option that kept crossing her mind was the only way out. She took a unsteady step backward toward the ravine
“You're right. We need to get going. But in your shape, we aren't going to get very far. And I'm tired of you and your problems, Kris. The window of your opportunity has come and gone.” His speech growing more and more slurred. Bouncing the head of the ax slightly against his leg, he crept forward.
Kris couldn't even bring herself to bargain for her life. Would he spare it if she collapsed to the ground in sorrow and pledged to worship him for the rest of days to come?  Kris was entirely wretched sick of him. If this was the hour of her demise, she wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of being the one to end it.
“Well let me enlighten you just a tad, Adam. I'll tell you why you have to drug, rape and kill women.” Kris clenched her hands into tight fists against her legs. She was   keenly aware of her dangerous position at the edge of the precipice. 
“You have no idea what I'm capable of. What I can -” 
“I turned to a Ranger for affection because you drove me to it. You said it yourself, you weren't getting satisfaction from me. Maybe your limp dick was too meager for me to even put up with.” Even if she fell now, there were some ledges and outcroppings that might   catch her fall.  Adam had the ax in both hands grasping it tightly. 
“Why don't you take that ax and do us all a favor and end your own life? Your existence on this earth serves no purpose. At least castrate yourself so you can't spread any more of that demon seed.” Kris blasted at him with every last fiber of her twitching body. 
Adam lurched forward at her, bringing the ax up high and swinging it as hard as he could. He missed.
Kris's foot slipped backward in reaction to the attack. The loose rock beneath her, broke free and she tumbled down. Desperately grasping a handful of roots jutting out of the scree, it prevented her from free falling down the granite shelf. Many of the dry and frail roots broke, unable to withstand the force of her decline. 
Finally she manged a rough landing on a few rocky footholds. Pressing her body flat against the granite rock she stuck her fingers into thin cracks and juts, trying to hang on for dear life. Blood poured from her fingers as the fine skin was ripped off from the sharp glacial stone. 
Adam approached the edge, his inebriation distorting any last ounce of good judgment.  He was delighted to see Kris's feeble attempt to hang on.  She was only several feet below the top of the precipice.  Adam raised the ax once more and before he could accomplish a fatal blow, Kris closed her eyes and let go. 

~ ~ ~
Michael had ruled out various locations. Kris was nowhere to be found. The fire certainly had engulfed the staff amphitheater.  Visibility was not more than a few feet, and heavy ash was falling like snow. Overhead was the heavy thud of  big helicopters. They concentrated on dropping water into the main camps of White Rock, but the effort was doing little to stop the forward march of such  intense fire. 
By the time he got back to the truck, thick black smoke had descended over everything. The girth of the vehicle was too wide to ram it down the trail. With all the thick brush and trees, it would be slow travel anyway. He put it back in gear and reversed direction  toward the road.   
Willow Camp was his last hope. It was a small valley, untouched  by the fire. That would change very soon. Without a direct road into Willow, he would have to locate the hidden service road protected by a barred gate.
Using the truck's four wheel drive capability he could make it across the boggy meadow and hit the camp straight on.

~ ~ ~

Adam disposed of his pack. It was too cumbersome to carry anymore. It would surely burn up once the fire reached it. After Kris fell down and out of view, Adam became acutely aware of the advancing flames atop the trees. Huge, angry flames over took the forest and the tall pines now resembled giant Roman candles.  Time to save his own life.  Kris deserved her fate.  He was certain it was the right decision and a fitting end to a rather unsettled season at this hell hole of a national park.  His focus now was making a run for it back to his van. 
Cutting through a bunch of high grass and blustering willow trees, he arrive on the east side of the central amphitheater. It was the tourist campfire area. More of a pathetic circle of rotted logs and a crumbling pit in the center. Pulling his shirt over his mouth and coughing violently, Adam  trampled over debris, waving off smoldering bits in the air. 
Finally he reached his green van. Laying down on his back, he fished for the hidden key under the front driver side fender. It was half stuck. Swearing and maneuvering himself further underneath the car, he heard the rattle of a large diesel engine. 
In his frantic search, Michael thought he might be seeing things that didn't exist. Before careening at break neck speed around the corner, he caught sight of a person running across the amphitheater. 
Michael pulled into the diagonal parking strips and jumped out. He chambered his weapon and crept slowly along the passenger side of the van. He couldn't be sure, but Adam reportedly was sighted with a green vehicle such as this one. It was thickly covered with ash. Possibly left by a fleeing tourist.  
By training and instinct he called out. 
“Park official! Don't move! Show yourself now!” Clearing one side of the car, he moved around the back.  
“Park official! Come out now!” Michael aimed the .45 caliber firearm at the base of the vehicle, slowly dropping down lower to get a look underneath. A scraping noise caught his attention. Michael quickly bolted to the driver side of the van. Crouching to the ground and aiming the gun, he sighted Adam trying to scoot away. Michael threw down his weapon and grabbed onto Adam's boots, yanking him back and out from underneath the car.
Raining hot ash swirled around them. Michael grabbed hold of Adam's wrist and yanked him to a standing position. Using the backside of his forearm, Michael smashed the foul creature against the side body panel of the van. 
Michael picked up his firearm and hammered the barrel of the gun straight into Adam's forehead. 
“Where is she? Tell me now or you're dead!”
“That will end your cushy career as a park Ranger, will it not?” Adam grinned.
With one hand Michael grabbed Adam's throat, yanking him forward and then slamming his head back against the window of the car. Adam made a feeble sound and slid sideways, in disorientation. 
“I'll repeat myself for the last time. Where is she? Where is Kris and I'll spare your life.” Michael knew threats would not work with an evil character like Adam, but he had to believe this criminal possessed a will to live.
If Adam had just come through the east side of the amphitheater, it was possible he was fleeing Willow Camp. What else lay in that direction? It cemented Michael's earlier thoughts about Kris's whereabouts.
“Is she still in Willow Camp?” Michael coughed hard. The burning forest and encroaching flames created a deafening sound like a series of thunderstorms.  
Adam nodded but not because he wanted to comply with the Ranger, but because he wanted this schmuck to suffer just as he had. Adam lost the only girl he ever totally and completely desired. She was gone and nobody else could have her now. The Ranger wasn't going to make it in time to save Kris. Michael Falkenrath  could burn in hell. 
After cuffing Adam to the handle of the van, Michael clamored  back into the truck and maneuvered it over the stone traffic barriers and engaged the four wheel drive system. Veering around the circular arrangement of log benches, he turned sharply around the big fire pit and entered the meadow. Headlights on maximum brightness didn't help much against the deteriorating visibility. Eerie darkness made it nearly impossible to see. 

~ ~ ~
Sliding at least 100 feet down, Kris reached a mossy covered slope. She had landed on a craggy shelf of rock and plants. Unable to gage how far below until reaching the river, Kris assumed it couldn't be more than another thirty feet. If moss was growing it signaled the damp habitat of the river. But it was smoky in the ravine. Not as bad as above, but still, a thick gray fog prevented her from sighting the terrain below. Usually the river was all white water through this narrow snag. To get a better foothold, she had thrown off her useless shoes. Blood poured from an open cut on her head and a bad gash on her leg. Still faint and lacking muscle strength, she knew climbing back out of the ravine was impossible. She didn't know if Michael was searching for her or not. It difficult to stave off the urge to call out for him. The firestorm was getting closer. Heavy ash was covering rocks and outcroppings, causing them to be very slick. 
She didn't want to give in to the impossibility of getting out of the park. What if the gate was compromised by the fire? And how would she make it over there if she could hardly walk? Kris wanted to believe she still had a chance but logic was causing her to lose hope. If the fire jumped over this ravine and it would because of  the dry fuels on both sides, she would surely suffocate. 
Half sliding and half creeping downward,  Kris finally reached the water's edge. Following a very narrow margin of land along the river by holding onto drooping bushes and woody tree limbs, she slowly made way until running out of embankment. 
The sharp granite walls plunged straight into the rushing water. Pools gathered along parts of the shore, but the current was very stiff.  Kris delayed immersing herself into the water. She was exhausted and needed to rest. Faced with harrowing navigation of the swift river,  Kris toyed with laying down, just for a little while.  But time was not on her side. If she floated down to Willow Camp successfully, perhaps the phones would still be working in the dining hall. There had to be emergency personnel somewhere. If she could just get to them. Or Michael. 
Gingerly, she waded her feet into the water, then losing her grasp on the tree roots to which she clutched, her body plunged into the icy river. Dropping below the surface, she hunted for the bottom with her toes, but found nothing. She swam to the surface, gulping for air. As the current carried her on, she peered up at the sky above. Kris was awestruck by thick plumes of white ash falling as if it were snow from the burning sky. Her former dream was perhaps not a dream at all. But a premonition now coming to life. Rocks and tree limbs scrape her legs as she continued down the river. Luckily the current wasn't too compelling. Kris bobbed up and down into the water, her chin skimming the surface. Instead of actually swimming or resisting the movement of water, she  let it carry her along its path. The cold water was diminishing the last of her strength. 
Submerged boulders and felled trees pricked and tore at her flesh. Several times her mind became numb and consciousness start to wane. Finally the river split into a fork, several branches trailing off in  different directions. Kris kicked her legs and paddled as hard as she could to stay to the right. Successfully she was drawn into the stretch of river that would float her into camp. The marshy shores approached quickly. This was the section where  water slowed and became shallow. She could not see the Willow Camp bridge arching over the river due to an absence of light, but trusting her memory that the tall strands of cattails and reeds meant that she was in the right spot and needed to exit the river. After the bridge it would be too difficult to get out, as the trickling section of the Kwoluck would   merge with fast moving water and due to a drop in elevation, rapids ensued.  Kris paddled weakly to the edge, her feet sank into soft mud making it hard move. Grasping thick grassy reeds, she pulled herself half way onto shore and then rolled her body out of the water.
Exhaustion was consuming her. Shivering, she crawled  on her hands and knees onto soft, manicured grass. But it was a large sloping hill, and pretty soon the last bit of her strength wore out.  Frustrated at knowing the dining hall was not far off, Kris thought perhaps a little rest would reinvigorate her ability to start walking. 
Many afternoons she had sat eating her lunch and enjoying a good book on the shore of this river. But she couldn't stand up now, and sitting seemed next to impossible as well. It was a curious thing, she discovered, laying on her back and staring blankly at the sky that didn't exist anymore.  Against better judgment, Kris closed her eyes. 

~ ~ ~
Michael tugged at the heavy wooden doors to the Willow Camp dining hall. As he shoved several keys into the locks of the heavy old door, it occurred to him, this was where he and Kris first met. It all started with a impromptu meeting and a lanky, wide eyed girl with hair so white it was practically iridescent. She portrayed an intriguing false innocence and soft spoken attitude that melted his stubborn heart of steel. 
Thoughts visualized before him, as he tried frantically to get the doors open, until it occurred to him that if they were locked, Kris certainly wouldn't be inside. But he had to make sure. Adam could of locked her in for all he knew. Grasping his firearm from his hip, he stood back and put several rounds into the door. With the lock destroyed, he finally creaked open the heavy doors. 
Calling her name as loud as possible, Michael  rapidly searched through the open hall, the dining area and then back around to the kitchen. Nothing. Nobody was here. Opening closets and restroom doors, a sinking desperation started to grab hold of Michael. 
Kris, where are you? He knew the  strong likelihood was that Adam hid his prize. If he couldn't have Kris, nobody would. 
Broken plates and serving trays littered the floor  creating a crunching sound under his boots. Back outside a forceful downdraft sent him under the overhang for cover. It was so dark now structures and objects were unrecognizable. To his left was an ash coated trail leading to the river and a small foot bridge. Beyond that was a guest store. 
Maybe she was hold up in the little stone store. It was a  shack with walls made of granite boulders from the park. It was a long shot, but he had to check. First, Michael ran back to the truck. He switched the headlamps on  just in case he couldn't find his way back in the blackness.  Then he pulled the bucket seat back, grabbing a high intensity  flashlight and started off along the trail.
Aiming the light in a sweeping motion, he scanned the ground for any signs of footsteps or indications of someone who had recently passed through the area. But it was useless, everything was covered with heavy ash and it was building up fast. Michael stopped suddenly at a bench and tore off his brown shirt, quickly ripping the fabric and tying pieces across his nose and mouth.
Crossing the bridge, he directed the light down below, checking underneath. It was a small bridge. The larger  crossing was down river. He swore softly, reaching the darkened stone hut. Pressing the flashlight up to the window, he strained to get a good look inside. Again, the building was locked.
 He coughed hard, doubling over trying to get clear air into his lungs. Righting himself, the intense glare of flames immediately captured his attention. The heat was insufferable.  The thatch roof of the store was starting to smoke from hot cinders landing on the top. 
There was one more camp, with tents and tee-pees below. But why would Adam bring her all the way over there? It would have been full of people when the evacuation order came. 
Perhaps the pond. There was a small holding pond back near the dining hall. Logically speaking, she wouldn't be there. But he was out of options. There was no place left to search.
Retracing his steps carefully, Michael called out desperately for her.

~ ~ ~
Kris opened her eyes but her face was strewn with ash. Heaviness in her limbs and disoriented, she forced herself up off the grass and began walking. Perhaps it was the drug, Adam administered, producing yet another hallucination, but moments prior, she saw a faint light in the distance, then it  disappeared. Were people still in camp? 
Kris's throat was so raw she couldn't swallow. Her mouth was full of a gritty substance. But just in case the light wasn't a hallucination, she called out as best as she could.
“Hello!” Taking a breath, her airways irritated and clogged with abrasive dust, she yelled out again and again until her voice went silent.  Now only a raspy sound  came out. She collapsed to the ground.
Michael stopped. Either his brain was playing tricks or someone had just yelled out. Spinning around, he aimed the light in the direction from which he just checked.  Nothing. Scanning the light in a 360 degree motion yielded nothing. A bright orange glow was descending upon the the camp. The fire was here. 
“Kris!” Coughing radically, he called several more times, aiming the light into the ash and floating embers. 
Kris gathered all her might and got to her feet, stumbling forward. She demanded her legs start working and carry her. It couldn't be a dream. The voice was real. It was close by, but where? Orange light and deafening noise prevented her from identifying anything.  
“Kris!” Michael called one last time, holding the flashlight between his knees, and cupping his hands around his mouth for maximum effect. He listened intently for a response, but only the loud crackling of pine trees being consumed by the fire answered. He grabbed the light, and swung it around one last time. He narrowed his eyes to sharpen what he caught as slow movement coming out of a plume of ash and smoke.
“Kris!” He ran toward the willowy figure emerging down a small hill. And then the shadow collapsed. 
Racing forth, he skidded to the ground.
“Kris.” He picked her up gently. She was unable to walk so he lifted her into his arms, cradling her. Spitting out heavy dust and ash from his mouth, he kept talking to her, trying to comfort her, not knowing if she could hear him or not. 
Her clothes were wet and she had bruises and abrasions all over. Finally reaching the truck, he lay her on the front seat and strapped a seat belt around her. Michael climbed into the driver side and shoved the key into the ignition and forcefully turned it. Nothing happened. He tried again. And then again. 
Was the battery drained from keeping the lights on this whole time? He glanced down at Kris's ravaged body and coagulated blood on the side of her head. 
Swearing at the top of his lungs, he attempted the ignition again. This time it stubbornly turned over, sputtering badly but cranking good enough. Michael revved it hard. Glancing in the rear view mirror, the fire was practically lapping at the tailgate of the truck.  
Driving across the meadow, puddles of water reflected the intense orange glow of the fire. It was engulfing almost everything. Safe for the moment in the soggy stretch of meadow, Michael wondered if they could even reach the gate at this point. Once at the amphitheater, the tires bounced back over the barriers and  Michael slammed his foot down hard on the brake. The truck skidded sideways to a halt. With the engine running, he jumped out. 
One last detail to wrap up before exiting this hell.  
Grasping his gun with both hands and a finger on the  trigger, Michael came around the back side of Adam's van. It was appropriately entombed with charcoal ash and glowing embers. Adam was going to jail. Michael was going to drag him there, making him face the proper authorities to answer to his string of sick crimes. Justice would be better served by killing the worthless piece of scum, but Michael knew Adam's real pain would be a lifetime of imprisonment with other degenerates. 
But apparently Adam had other ideas. A set of open handcuffs hung from the door handle. In disbelief, Michael grabbed them for closer inspection. The locks were jimmied on each cuff. Perhaps Adam had left the open cuff hanging so ominously on the door handle as if to send a message to Michael. That he had attained the upper hand on the situation, not authorities. 
Climbing back in the cab, Michael roared the truck out of the parking area and toward the abandoned south gate.  He did not hesitate or stop, blowing past the  fee booth. A huge cloud of ash and smoke trailed behind them as the truck rumbled down the road leading out of White Rock National Park. 
Michael picked up his cab radio and called in an all points bulletin for Adam Hoth. He warned local authorities about the last known location of Adam and that he was probably armed and dangerous. Clicking the little unit back onto the console, Michael smoothed Kris's bloodied hair back from her face. She had cuts and bruises on her cheeks and near her eyes. A small moan drifted from her.
“Don't worry now. It's over.” He spoke softly and sped on.

Chapter Twenty Two

A small television with the volume turned low, displayed horrific flames and a slurry of news crews positioned at the south gate entrance to the park. Dim fluorescent lights flickered above a small nursing station. 
“Have you seen this?” A busy  medical receptionist reached up to shove a thick tan folder into an over stuffed shelf. She motioned to the TV as another nurse with squeaky shoes got closer.
“Somethin' ain't it?” A plump brown haired nurse with a soft southern drawl came up to the counter. Placing   several clipboards with patient charts attached, she lent her attention to the fiery scene on the screen above. 
“Is that where the girl in 217 came from?” 
“Yeah, I think so.” Tired from a long shift at the Ceder Valley Memorial Hospital, the receptionist leaned back against the inner counter, casually crossing her arms and letting out a long yawn. 
“Oh, speaking of which, you can take her IV out. Dr. Searle came by an hour ago, said she can go home in the morning.” 
“Okay. Lucky for her.” The plump one chuckled.
“I'll say. Have you seen that guy that she came in with?”
“I surely did. A Ranger or something.”
“Gorgeous.”
“You don't need to tell me.”  The nurse laughed and then shuffled off, squeaking down the hallway.

~ ~ ~
Kris winced slightly when a small tube was removed from the vein in her hand.  The nurse was void of talk, but went about her job with ease and efficiency. Slowly peeling back strips of white medical tape, the woman instructed Kris to hold a piece of cotton to the intravenous site, then quickly she placed a bandage over. 
“Doctor says you can go home in the morning. He'll come by shortly.” She flashed a polite smile and  dropped the deflated fluid bag into a garbage with a red top and yellow warning label. 
“Is there anything you need?” 
Kris shook her head at first.
“Wait. Did you see a tall guy in a uniform out there by chance?” Kris sat up.
“Well, there was someone like that earlier. But I think he left.” She smiled a chubby grin. 
Kris wearily lay back against the white sheet of the hospital bed. Michael was probably very busy with the investigation. For all she knew, he'd gone back into the park.
Sleepy and about to close her eyes, the ceiling lights flickered on and a doctor wearing a long coat streamed  into the room.  He was engrossed with several papers clipped to a blue board. Swiftly he slapped it down on a metal tray with wheels. Unwrapping a stethoscope from his neck, he wasted no time in attending to Kris. 
“Good.” He took her wrist between his fingers, feeling for a pulse. He applied brief pressure until satisfied, and flashed her a polite grin. 
“Okay then. Can you swing your legs over the side? I need to get a look at your head.” 
Kris did as he asked. The neatly dressed doctor unraveled a long bandage from around her head. He took a few moments to examine the gash and then re-dressed the wound. 
“Leave that on for a few days.” 
“Okay.” Kris could see out the door and down the hall. Few people wandered about.
“I know it's tempting to wash your hair. Just give it several days. The sutures will dissolve by themselves. No need to come back unless you are having a lot of pain or something changes, okay?” 
“Okay.” Kris replied in a shallow voice.
“I'm releasing you in the morning. Here's a prescription for some pain killers.” He scribbled quickly on a pad produced from a large pocket of his white coat. Ripping off the square note, he laid it on the tray.
“Anything else?” He glanced at her with tired a  expression. 
Kris thought a moment. Something had bothered her since waking several hours ago. 
“Actually. There is.” Kris gazed down at her hands in her lap. The doctor walked back into the room.
“What can I help you with?” 
“The drugs I was, uh, given. . .”
 “The ones that were in your system when you arrived?”
“Yeah.” Kris wrung her hands together, almost unsure she wanted to hear the truth.
“Yes, okay.” The doctor flipped through some notes.
“I guess I wanted to know if they will have long term effects? Would they have damaged me in some way?”
“I see. No, you should return to good health. Give it some time though. What we found in your system isn't anything that could of caused long term harm.” 
Kris nodded. Fear had morphed into an uncomfortable reoccurring anxiety. She needed  the doctor to tell her that she'd be okay. At least medically. And perhaps this horrible nightmare would dissolve into oblivion.  
 Every time she imagined Adam's face lying on the ground and grinning at her while she was so helpless, just produced a ghastly knot in her stomach and a tightness in her throat. 
“You might feel drowsy and weak for the next several days. Drink plenty of water and get some rest,” the doctor said. “Good luck to you.” 
Kris watched his long white coat slightly waft out from behind as he strode off.
She curled up on her side and faced the wall. Shutting her eyes tight, she tried to forget everything. 

~ ~ ~
Michael brought the edge of a paper cup to his mouth, taking several long sips of hot coffee. It seemed like a crime to wake her. Her side barely rising and falling with each slow breath. He pulled up a chair with a worn fabric seat and sank into it. Unfortunately the chair had seen better days and made a hideous creaking sound. It was loud enough to rouse Kris from sleep. Groggily peering over  her shoulder, her eyes grew wide and a large smile spread across her face. 
“Michael.” She mouthed and sat up.
“No, lay down.” He gently coaxed her back to the  reclining hospital bed. A small giggle escaped her as she stared at him.
“What's that for?” He asked.
“You're wearing regular clothes.” 
“Ah. That I am,” Michael said. 
A calm came over Kris as she gazed at him in jeans and a plain white tee shirt.
“You've seen me without my uniform before. How fast you forget.” 
“I haven't forgotten.” Kris softly responded and then yawned. “What time is it?”
Michael glanced at his watch. “It's late. You need to sleep.” 
“You're going to leave?” 
“Not if you don't want me to.” Concerned, he ran his fingers along her arm. Michael crossed the room and grasped the edge of a drape attached to the ceiling with little rollers. Giving it a quick tug, the curtain swished around, encasing the bedside area. 
“Have you seen Raina?” Kris asked.
“Yes.” 
“She giving them all a hard time?” 
“Oh you could say that.” Michael shut off the lights and sat on the edge of the bed. 
“But she'll be okay?” 
“I would assume so. Don't worry about her.”
Kris felt for his hand and he gently took it. 
“You know what am going to ask next,” Kris said.
Michael took a deep breath, and reached for his coffee.
“Yes.” 
“Where is he?” Kris barely mouthed the words,  her puffy eyes gazing up at him.
Michael knew it better to come right out with it.  Knowing Kris, she wouldn't allow this question to go unanswered. And she deserved an answer. 
“Please tell me.” She touched the side of his leg.
Michael motioned for her to scoot over. Kris turned onto her side, returning to face the drab wall.  Michael joined her on the bed, spooning alongside. 
“He was handcuffed to that damn car. I left him there at the amphitheater to go back to Willow Camp one more time.” Michael slowly played with strands of her hair as he described what had happened. “After I got you in the truck I came back to pick him up. He was gone.”
“He's still gone? Not in custody?” Kris needed to know.
“He's not in custody. I don't know where he is.”
“That rat bastard always said he could pick a pair of handcuffs.”
“We'll find him.” Michael grew serious. 
“What is this we business?” Kris spouted.
Michael kissed her neck. “Absolutely right. I'll find him.” 
“Still wrong.”
“They'll find him?”
“You got it. Why on earth are you responsible?” Kris closed her eyes, enjoying the warmth of Michael's  body engulfing hers. The hospital was freezing and no amount of blankets had helped. 
“So I'm out of a job I suppose,” Kris said.
“That reminds me. There's something I need to ask.” Michael wrapped a hand around the front of her waist. 
“Oh yeah? Does it involve a ring or something foolish?”
“Heck no.”
“Okay, then ask away.”
“How do you feel about Alaska?” A thread of amusement ran through his voice. He cinched her  closer.
“Boy. I don't know about that. There's a lot of bears there, I hear.” 
“And a lot of long cold winters.” He kissed her shoulder.
“Hmm. What do you plan on doing there?”
“I think they might need a Ranger.” He fought to  remain humorless.
“Then okay, let's go first thing tomorrow.” Kris breathed out, starting to fall asleep. 
“Why the hurry?” He whispered.
“We need to get you back in a uniform. Don't know if I can live without that uniform.” 
Drifting off into a delirious sleep, Kris's body finally let go and relaxed. Michael heard faint steps in the hallway, then a pause. Whoever it was graciously clicked the door shut. Soon after, Michael gave in to sleep as well.  

The End.
Laws Change; people die; the land remains. 
- Abraham Lincoln

About The Author

McKenzie started writing short stories in elementary school, and grew to love reading and writing romance as a shy tomboy growing up in the Bay Area of California. She enjoys the outdoors with her two active Labrador Retrievers. McKenzie has spent a great deal of time hiking, exploring and developing a passion for the Sierra Nevada Mountains. After living in rural Nevada for many years she turned her attention toward the Rocky Mountains of Montana, where today she calls home. When she isn't writing or illustrating, McKenzie spends time woodworking and fishing.
