Darshana  woke  up   from  her  bed   thinking   what is  happening  to  her  friend .  She  had  only  one   friend  to share everything  and  who  can  come  out  every-time  with  solutions. the  solutions  weren't  good  to  apply   but  they  are  always  out  of  box  and   still  manageable to   get  out  of  the problem  and make  her feel happy .
 
Her beautiful  big  eyes  become  wet   she  was  so  confused  what  to  do  . She stood  in  the   front  or  mirror   she  was  thinking  are  the   other  girls  too beautiful  than  her .Her tears  are  flowing  down   from her  neck  to  the  point   where  she  recall  that   sherry   named    them  as  Google . She blushes a little  and  again  come  worried  about  her  friend  .She  was  staring  herself  in  the  mirror  and  asking  that  what  is  happening   to  her .
 
Isn't  she  is  a   good  girl   why  she   always   get  that  kind  of   boys   why  not  an  honest  boy  like  sherry  is  in her  life  , Sherry  is  just  a friend  but  why  the  other   boys   are  not  like him   who  have   respect  for  the  feelings  . It  has  been  three  years  that  we    are  friends on  internet  and  talking  to  each  other  but  he  never  said  a  word  like  love attraction and  attachment he  never make  calls  and  mis-calls  like  other  boys  and  girls  do ,  he  just   remained  what  he  was  always   making   comments   if  he  would  have seen me in  this  dress  he  would  make  lot  of    comments  but  he  would  never  lie ,
 
But  ,why  he  is   playing  his  life  now   he  has  changed  he  didn't make  comments  , make  jokes  ,  he  also  talks  less  now what  he will do  ,  is  he  serious  about  his  life  or   I just  lost   a  friend  .
 

Darshana  moved in  the  office  and  took   a   halt    to  make her  entry  in  the   register   so the  office  can  know   who  is coming  and  going  out  as all the  office  do  nowadays do they thing  that the visitor is  the  rebirth  of  "Raja Harishchandra" and  will write  his  real name  and  the  correct  time  every-time  when she  was  writing  her name a  harsh voice  attacked her   you cant   do  that   you can't  make   us  fool   this  is  not  the way  to  behave .


                                                                                            She moved her big  brown eyes  in  360 degree and   look around  the  voice  is  of  her  senior , Darshana  asked  herself  is  this  lady  talking to  me    what  happened  did  I  took   her  boyfriend  from  her   what  she  want  to  say  really  and   Darshana  start  thinking  and  speechless .She  was  angry  from  outside  but  her  face depicts  the   innocence  from inside .


and her senior  replied  then ,   whats  the  time  ?   Darshana  saw  the watch  at  the wall  and replied   8:33 am     The  lady   with  the   harsh  voice  again asked  and whats  in  the  register  you  wrote  after   your  name    Darshana replied  8 . 30 . Her  senior replied to Darshana  that   isn't  it  a   fraud  with  the  company  you are  working  a   very  non  professional  behavior .


Darshana  was  speechless  and  she   just  thought  of  sherry  that   what  he  would  have  done  in this  situation   ,  what that  girl  want   from her  is  she  one of  the  follower  of    lesbianism  and   want  Darshana  to   feel sorry  for  that   or  what  that  error of  three  minutes   will made  that  girls father    to  pay   more  dowry  to his hubby  or  that  three  minutes  are  the  ones  which will  be  added  in  her  labour  pain   , WTF   Darshana  spoke  to her  mind and  took her  seat  .

 
And  it all runs through her mind let us see how they ….

Sherry  :  Hi   ,how are  you  ,
Darshana  : I am  good   ,  what  about  you  sir  ,
Sherry  :  I  am  pretty  cool .
Darshana :  I  had  never  seen   you  in college   you  are  from  which  batch  ,
Sherry  :  2007-2009     from  your  senior  batch  .
Darshana:  But  how  come  I have never  seen you and  never  heard  this  name  too.
Sherry :  Yes, I  was   having  some  disease  so   most  of  the  time  I remain  at  my  hometown .
Darshana :  Ok,  Same with me  too  I was  also  at my  hometown  for  most  of  the  time .
Sherry:  May  be this  was  the  issue  we   weren't able to see  each  other  but  i have  many  friends  from  your class  I  was living  in  the  juniors  hostel .
Darshana:  OK  , So   what  do  you  do  ,
Sherry :  I  live life .
Darshana:  I  mean   what  job  and all  ,
Sherry  : I play  with  life  of  young  guys  ,
Darshana : whats that  ??   did  you  sell  alcohol?
Sherry  :  No  ,  I sell  education ,  the  Indian  Education  system  and also  a teach that’s my only passion ,  so  I make    their  life  hell . 
Darshana:  HeHe  ,  I  also  do  the  same but  I  don't  think   as  you do .
Sherry  :  you  would  have  been  at  better  place .
Darshana:  Yeah ,  You can  say  that .
Sherry: hmm  .
Darshana: So  whats  going at   your  side  ?
Sherry : nothing  as  such  life  is  going as  it  goes always. You look  alike a movie star  have you  ever noticed  .
Darshana:  yes  I did,  many told  me  the same .thanks.
Sherry : Thanks  ,  for what ..?
Darshana:   for  saying  me looking alike  her  .
Sherry : why  to  thanks  friend  ,  its   just  a truth .
Darshana:  hehe  .
Darshana : So  do you have  any   girlfriend ???
Sherry  : first  tell me  its   a  question  or  a proposal  
Darshana :  grhh  ,   it 's  a question   only  ,
Sherry  :  What  kind of  girl  friend   you are asking ?
Darshana :  Kind of  whats  that  ,   are  there  any kind of  girl  friends  .
Sherry  : yes  .
Darshana :  What  are  the kinds ................................?
Darshana : you  are   crazy  but  thanks   ,   to  increase my  knowledge .
Sherry  :   anytime  Madam .
Darshana  : Its    time to sleep  bye  .
Sherry  . bye .
 

On the  next   day   Darshana  tried   to find , as all girls are always confused and try to find out really what they want , she also tried  who was that  boy is he  really was a senior or someone is  just  kidding with her  , she talked to her  friend Salman " being  human ..

 

Darshana :  Hi  Salman  .
Salman : Salaam  .
Darshana:  Hey  , Do you  know  sherry ,
Salman: Who sherry .
Darshana:  I added a boy on  facebook he  was  our  senior .
Salman:  but  who  , We  had  100's of them .
Darshana:  He  said  that  he   was  at the  hostel  for  very  less  time .
Salman :  OH ,  that  guy  cobol.
Darshana : What  cobol.
Salaman  :  Yup  ,  there  was  one  of  them  who  came  in  the  last  semester  they all name him  cobol , I dont  know  his  real name  he live  in  our  hostel  may  be  he  was  that  guy  , all I know  about  him  is that   he  is named  as cobol  he used to   unblock  banned  sites from the college building . May be  an   engineer  because  every time I had seen him  with  machine that our college had given us   or   repairing the same for  others    .
Darshana .  OK. OK    so much  details  not  needed .
Salman :  Hmmm, is  anything   going  on  ......
Darshana :  Just  became  friends  on   facebook  .
 
Darshana ,  Let  me   search  on  linkedin  is  that   guy  was  saying  true  how  come  in  a   year  I  am not  able  to  see  him .  Is he  so much  focused  on   studies  that  he  never joined any   function at  college  .  let  me  search   who is  he  ,
 
Darshana  switch  on  her  HP  professional that college which named as a toothpaste has given everyone the same machine and that was a good one (note: this is a feedback and not a paid advertisement from any IT company ) ,  the  screen  flashed  the  memoirs  with  a large giant building looks like a crown  as  the  wallpaper   and   then  her  pink pencil like   fingers  pushed   the   search button on google   "Sherry Misra "  enter......................
 
"Sherry Misra"  Lecturer at  some  college  , 25 years old, life skill Trainer,
 
and  she  laughed loudly  Haha ,  A  25  year  old  boy  is  life  skill  trainer , what  people  write  on their  page   have  nothing  to  do with  reality  .
what  happened  said  Tulika ,  the  girl  with  nice  legs  yes  they  were  nice as " sherry  can see  them in her  FB  profile"   what  happened   "Darshii" : nothing    you  know  that  there  is  a  boy I added  him  on   FB  yesterday  I  search  him  on  Linkedin  a  professional networking website where now which is now used for matrimonial searches  and  you  know  what he has written  that  he  is  a  life  coach .
Tulika:  who  guy.
Darshana:  Some  named  sherry ,acting   like  he  is  the  smartest  one  huh.
Tulika:  ok    yes  he  is  .
 Darshana: What  the Smartest one , FO.
Tulika :  No  , He is  a  life skill trainer  I know  they  all were  talking about  him  when  I was late at that  day  to the  hostel .  
Darshana:  Who were  talking about  him  and  why you were  late .
Tulika : I was celeberating  rakshabandhan ……,  I was with  my  love  dear .
Darshana: Hope  the  love   has does not  cross its limit,  or  the  warden  will kill you. 
Tulika : This  guy  saved  me  there .
Darshana: How come .
Tulika : He just came and said to the  guard on barricades  that  she  is  my sister  I need some medicine  I am  sick  so  she  decide  to go herself as she is  a  biology student  she  know  much  about medicine  and  my friends aren't  able  to choose  the right one  , she  had  studied medicine  at the  time  of  college  and  see  how  much  I  loose  my  weight  she cant  handle  it  out  and  she  cares  for his  cousin  as  I am the  only  boy  left  out  in  our  family  therefore  she  took me  as  a  brother more she  love  me  more  than  a real sister  can do .
Darshana: WTF and  then what  happened  ,
Tulika : Nothing,   he  moved  with  me   for a  distance  but  he was silent he was looking at me and a voice came their "bhaiya" I need some case studies (case studies : the Angelina Jolie of any management institute you like her but when it comes in front of you , you realize that you need a brad pit ) to be solved please  be free  from alcohol   we are  waiting for  you  in the  room shall we  go move to the mess , I  start  talking  to one  of  them and  he  talks  to another  guy .
Darshana: OK,  So he is  a  bihari .  
Tulika : NO .  He  was talking in clear hindi accent . 
Darshana: OK ,  but  why   you were  late on that  day  and    you  didn't  tell me anything  about this .
Tulika : He gesticulated to remain  silent .
Darshana : who your love  ?
Tulika : Sherry.
Darshana : and  what  about  your  love  where  was  he ,  
Tulika : He  moved for night out with  friends .
Darshana:  Hope  he  had  the  energy saved for it .
Tulika :Hey, We  didn’t  do  anything  like  that .
Darshana :Honey baby  am  I  look alike  a little angel  to  you  who don't know anything , hope  you  have  keep  the  things  intact  and  not  broken .
Tulika : Its  for the special one dear .
Darshana : May  be  there  is  a  special one  who can   find  it  on place  afterwards , try  to keep your  eyes on study  darling  this  time is to  read  and  make  life  set  not  for  life mate my  dear  .
Tulika : dont  be  like  mummy  darling  ,  It's was  Lonavla  , see  why  the  building  was  made in hills and awesome whether .
Darshana: Se  we can keep fresh and  concentrate on studies, 
Tulika :  No darling  people come  here  to  get  cozy  , this  is  for  love  my  dear  the institute   is  just a  bulding  arent  you feel for  anyone  ,
Darshana : Go and talk to your  love  darling  your  phone  is  ringing .
 Tulika:  Oh,  Darshi wants  me   to leave  , Darshi wants  to  talk to the  new boy , .
Darshana: Shut  Up 


 


Darshana:   Hello .
Sherry  : Hello  Ma"am .  How are you .
Darshana:  I am   your  junior  Sir.
Sherry: But   I respect my mothers choice , 
Darshana: What  do  you mean by  that  ,
Sherry : Don"t Sir me .Sherry is  ok ,
Darshana :  OK.
Darshana: So  tell me  more  about  you  ,
Sherry : What do you want  to know .
Darshana :  About  you ,  What  do you  do   and  who are in the family and all .
Sherry:  Just  three in the  family  single son,  no  brother  sister ,  dad was in  government  job  so somehow central school took the risk to get me educated and standardize their crowd  and then  same  with    Pune university. 
Darshana : OK ,  and what were  you  telling  yesterday ,
Sherry: About what .
Darshana: the  Kinds of  girl friends , don't you respect  women . You should learn  it . Girls  have  to  face many things  their  life's are  not  easy as boys .
Sherry:  Love is a synonym to respect and therefore I love women and  I love girls .
Darshana:  Shut up , cant  you  talk serious like  a senior  talks  to  a junior .
Sherry : They  are just  fake  ,  We  do  friendship with  people  not  there   designations.
Darshana: At least , I don't.
Darshana:  And  how  can  you say that   you respect  women  ,you classify girlfriends you are  cheating  them ,  you  are  playing with there  feelings  a girl"s feelings  is very  delicate sherry , when it is broken it 's  more  painful for her  than someone killing  her  ,
Sherry : See  I  have,    5 online girlfriends  outside India , 1 online in India , 2 Phone from my city ,   1  I connect her   with  sms only  ,    and  one  close   friend  who is  a  girl  who  i  can   walk  with   as  she  is   just  a  friend  from her  side  and   girl friend  from my side .  So,  having  10   girlfriends  with  everyone knew  about  everyone   is  not  an  issue   of  cheating any  girl  as  I  have not  lied  with  anyone  of  them .
Darshana : Oh,  It  seems   someone  killing  by  permission.
Sherry :  But  I  got the  permission  granted .
Darshana:  How  come  that  girls  fall in   these  relationship  with a guy  who is  already having so many  affairs.
Sherry:  Just  a  little  bit  of skill  else  all is  luck touch-wood.
Darshana: So  you learned it  or   it is  inherited .
Sherry : What   inherited ?
Darshana: This  stupidity, it  is inherited or  you have a done a course in it  somewhere.
Sherry:  It's like ,  I am a jack  of all trade  as  I was  the most  responsible  and  the  outstanding  boy  of the class  everywhere.
Darshana: oh, Really .
Sherry : Yes ,  As  anything  goes  wrong  I was the one  said  to be  responsible and  therefore I always  stand out .
Darshana:  Oh God,  you   are  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.
 
The  things  starts  and  the  life  goes both  of  them  are  like  poles  Sherry  don't know  what is  worry  and  he  keep  himself  enjoying  every moment  of life  opposite  to him  Darshana was  always in worry  about small  things  and   somehow  they became  good friends  , somehow  I cant define  they  were good really  good ,   or  good close  or  only  close  friends  let  us  see  what  happened  in between them  afterwards  ,  


I shouldn’t chat with a boy like him all boys are alike and the one who can flirt on the first day of talking  may be a  hardcore pervert her  brain said that  but as we all know that every  girl have two of them , …………………..

I was telling about brains yes every girl have two of them one in head and one in heart  but this time her  heart is more demanding than her real brain so the green light blinks in both of the cities one metro and one  a small  town , and then it again started ……….

Darshana :  Hi 
Sherry : Hi.
Darshana:  So , What   category  you have  kept  me ?  
Sherry: In  close friends  category only  dear .  But  never think  that,   I don't  have  a  control on my  eyes are  still looking  at  NH-34 .My lust is as pure as Himalayan water,
Darshana: Whats  that  NH-34 .
Sherry: NH-34 ,   its   your  google search .
Darshana : Can   you  be a  little bit  clear more on this  .
Sherry : NH-34 is covered by a  blue  top  in  your  profile picture  .
Darshana : you ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.I am  coming  in a while.
 
 
 Sherry ok, Did Salman bro Came ?
  Darshana   Why  you  all are behind him  ,
 Sherry :I just asked ,
 Darshana   He is  only  a good friend . like  you .
  Sherry :  When  did  I said that he is your  boyfriend.
 " Chupaana bhi nahi aata batana bhi nahi ata "
  Darshana :  You  know  there  is one  more friend of mine he is also always on him .
 Sherry : Sorry ,  can  run behind  you but  not  him  ,  you very  well know that  I am straight
 Darshana   Yes , I know that you are straight and how much your straightness had passed the distance that too.
 Sherry: So What  more .
 Darshana  What  to say 
 Sherry :Dont  think  that  I  see you just as a friend 
 Darshana  Don't  tell  me like this ,I do respect you and  you look me  with lust ????
  Sherry: a known dog is better than unknown dog, When did I say that I look  you with lust  do I ?
  Darshana but  I feel that,  one day  ,your approach to me will change 
 Sherry   what approach 
  Darshana  To see me 
 Sherry : No  Never  , I already told you  Lust is my religion.
  Darshana  You are  hopeless 
 Sherry: What  hopeless ,  I am filled with hope.
  Darshana   Sometimes I used to laugh on me 
 Sherry Why  so ,
 Darshana  The  talks  .(with a blush on face and smiley on the computer  screen )
 Sherry:  What  do I did now , ia anything  to laugh  here.
  Darshana  But  these are  funny  for me .
  
 Sherry:  what  funny , I didn't  understand.
  Darshana  It  would  take time Mr,cool.
 Sherry: Tell me Tell me  ,  you are  looking  sexy  in  that  picture  on  FB  ,I make a comment  on  that 
 Darshana  For me  Its  funny  , you wouldn't  found  them  to be .
 Sherry but  still  for what  
 Darshana  Hey ,  Your's  city is  on the  news 
 Sherry : Which  channel 
 Darshana dont  Know my  sister  was  saying 
Sherry : But  why she is telling  you  news of  my  city ?
 Darshana  I don't know 
 Darshana Should  I sing ,  don't be  afraid  I can  sing  good ,   because  she  lives in  the same state   and  She  was  watching  TV  so  I  heard  and asked .Sherry : Have you told her  ,  that  there is  a  boy  who talks like this  to me .
 Darshana Yes , I did . But  how  come  you  know 
 Sherry:  I admit  that  I am  single  but   I do  have  an  experience with  girls.
 Darshana You.....
  Sherry yes I do , be realistic with experiences .
 Darshana ok.
 Sherry: When  girls  find a boy  interesting or  different  from all the  other  boys  they  share  with  there  sisters  It's good  for  boys  but  it  not  good  for  girls .
  Darshana What  I am not able to understand .
  Sherry : would  take time  dear . Not  now .
  Darshana  Tell me  ,Tell me  , Please Please.
 Sherry  Not  this  time dear  ,   you tell me something  interesting  of my  kind 
 are  we  meeting  at the  alumni this time .
 Darshana  Have  to  think Not sure . I want  to go  to  home .
 Sherry Hell .
 Darshana: What  happened  
 Sherry:  Just  downloaded two  tapes one  was  so  small  in length  and  one  is  lesbian  ,  so  much  of  time and  expectations wasted .
 Darshana hehe ,  enjoy  you  are free  nowdays.
  Sherry:  yup  going  ,  You tell more  
  Darshana  What  to say .
  Sherry anything
  Darshana Let me think
  Sherry lol ,  How much  do  you need to think more .Darshana I  have  to ask  , Its  rounding  off  my  brain ,
 Sherry : Take  rounds dear  ,  it  happens don't be tensed

 Darshana No , tell me  tell me 
 Sherry Its  not  to disclose dear  , Lets play truth  and dare 
 Darshana But  you can say  anything  vulgar  why  you are  not  saying this 
 Sherry : Because its  not  vulgar  and  don’t  have  anything  to  rush adrenaline .
  Darshana So  Why  aren't  you  telling Sherry?
 Sherry: Let us play dear .
 Darshana Tell me why  you ask  about  her  and  then  we  will play 
 Sherry because  If   we  are  so close  she  would have added me  in FB ,  What’s  her  name 
 Darshana boby
 Sherry boby ?  Real name?
 Darshana kavita
 Sherry ok,  So  either  you haven’t  told her  anything  or  you were  lying at the time of  news .
 Darshana No She don’t  use FB  and I never  hide anything  from her.
 Sherry Ok
 Darshana I just  end the chat  on  phone with her 
 Sherry Ok
 Darshana yup
 Sherry Let  us play  then  we  will move to bed , individually.
 Darshana You say  I am  free  now 
 Sherry : you  ask  first.
 Darshana: So what  do  you  think about  me .
 Sherry Nothing,  just  somehow  I can get  you as a girlfriend either  for a day but  you  come in  list  of  close  friends. Your turn , Say  In  oath  of the almighty , what  you will say  will be truth and  you will not say anything apart from truth.
 Darshana You have  already  told  this  what’s  new  in  this  
Sherry :nothing,  If  I was on your  place  I will ask ...........
 Darshana You  are  too much .
 Sherry OK , You  tell me  
 Darshana  You  like   to remain with  girls  always ,  being  a flirt filled   guy but  clear with  heart  can  say anything without having a single  concern  how much it is  related to eroticism 
  Sherry : I am  not emotional ,  I am sensitively  developed.
 Darshana hehe,  Let's  See  ,  improve yourself sherry, be serious somewhat about  your  life    then only   you would get a good girl 
 Sherry lol  ,  you  ask  something  ,
 Darshana Ok ,  Tell  me  what do you  think  of me  at the  first  time when you saw my  picture?
 Sherry Just that you look hot like that actress  who exposed a lot ,  would have engaged with some good looking boy .  
  Darshana (agan with the laughing smileys and the blush on her face ), No one  believe that  I don’t have a boyfriend , all think that  I am lying 
 Sherry hmmm
 Darshana but  when  I saw  your  picture  you seems  to be  a decent and  quite matured.
 Sherry May be.
Darshana  You  turn   to ask now 
 Sherry What  should  I say ,  You know whenever  I am  talking  to  you it  comes  some intimacy  in my talks automatically 
 Darshana  Boys  dont  know anything  apart  from sex  why  is  it  so ?
 Sherry I dont  Know ,
 Darshana but  why  are  boys  always  in a hurry  for  sex ,  why  shouldn’t  you know  you are  also a boy  Sherry  aren’t you ? I want to  know 
 Sherry : But  how  can I comment  on  others  , may  be the  demand supply gap.
 Darshana But there is a word call self  control 
 Sherry : There is  a  word call  Self  actualization tooo .
 Darshana Even the girls  don’t  get  it  but  still they  control ,  I don’t  know  about  how  you boys  get the self  actualization or realization by  watching these movies   I  want to enjoy my femininity  but only with my husband
 Darshana I know my   would be  Hubby  will definitely present  his  tool   to  2-3  . 
 Sherry Ok So if you had never done it before how come  you know all the things may be your boyfriend had told you how he is becoming ready for the match.
 
 Darshana  I am  not  a  baby  dear  ,  I have read those books , then I came  to  know  that  girls also  do  like  this  , I Knew about  boys  only  earlier 
 
Sherry  Books  Which Books , NCERT ????
 
Darshana But  Its  so  Strange .
 
 Sherry Its  not  strange  Its natural  
 
 
 
 Darshana You Know  Sherry  , till the  time I was in  graduation I thought that  Kids can be  done  by smooching .
 
 Sherry lots of laugh. (Did I asked what she knew) 
 Darshana If  I would  have  learned or  seen  it  , I  would have  knew  it ,,
 
Sherry : I was in relation with a  girl  i.e  the  phone  girl friend  and that  voice  after  her  actualisation indicates that  how much  she  felt  relaxed.
 
Darshana even  what is  normal delivery  I got to know  at  the  time  of  Management program only.
 
 Sherry  You  say something  .( Trying to make me fool as I am approaching her for matrimonial purpose)
 
Darshana You will laugh If I speak more you say something sherry.
 
 Sherry What should I say?
 
  Darshana How much foolish I was.
 
 Sherry Tell me more 
 
 Darshana What should  I say  Sherry  
 
 Sherry Should I ask ,  Will you tell me  
 
DarshanaDo you have something which is  in limit  ?
 
 Sherry : but  my  limit  start  when yours end.
 
 Darshana   no comments 
 
 Sherry What  should  I  do  , To  make   you answer  everything  .
 
  Darshana  You  know  everything  dear. What  do you want to know apart  from error.
 
 Sherry error, I want  to  know about the  error specifically.
 
 Darshana   Take my  Boy  friends number  and ask him .
 
 Sherry : Did  he ever   felt  you  or  just  he   have  the numbers  
 
 Darshana want to kill u
 
 Sherry  you  said  to ask  .
 
 Darshana : you  will never  ,   you are  impossible.
 
 Sherry yup
 
 Darshana I know the numbers.
 
  Sherry I will say that do it with voice be bare.
 
  Darshana What to say everything I have already said .
 
  Sherry Yup only this is left  , the  truth  .
 
 Darshana Which truth,tell me tell me  
 
 Sherry Juts  that  you  are  a  girl  into my  fantasy 
 
  Darshana Why  me ?  What  about  your  WIP  ( Work  in  Progress : Sherry's close friend)  then .
 
 Sherry Fantasy is  also  having  types  dear  you  dont know  anything  till date 
 
 Darshana  Why  so ,  Do  you  think  something  about  me ?
 
 Sherry No , Never,  You can be  angry on that .
 
 Darshana  Why  should  I became  angry  tell me  tell me  
 
 Sherry  Yes  I do  
 
 Darshana So what  do   you Imagine about  me   hmmmmm?????
 
  Sherry Don't ask this  , If  I say   you  will not  do  my time  pass  daily  ,
 
 Darshana Grhhhh  How can you think  like  that  , I had never  told  you  anything  ,
 
 Sherry Did  I say  what  I think  about  you  ,
 
 Darshana would  have  slapped  you  for  this  ,  Thanks  God  you  are not  in  front of me.
 
 Sherry lol.
 
 Darshana So  If  its  good  why  aren’t  you  telling ,
 
 Sherry  No body  respect  the  truth  In Indian  Union  of  States ,
 
 Darshana ohh ,   So Its  like you  are reading Bhagvad geeta 
 
  Sherry   No one of  some other  great  scriptures written  by  a brahmin  we  are  great  ,  the  scripture name  starts with  K and ends with a  formula  ( formula is  sutra  in hindi )If here is  a  beautiful  girl  talking  to me  and  I just  gone  through  her  curves whats  bad  in  that)  
 
 Darshana ohh
 
 Sherry  you   ask 
 
 Darshana  How disgusting  you  can  think.
 
  Sherry NO NO ,  Its  not  disgusting  its  divine.
 
 Darshana  for  me   its  disgusting  ,
 
 Sherry no
 
 Darshanawhy  you   are  wasting  time on me  I  know  what  do  you  want  from me  your  desires  are  not  hidden   why  are  you wasting time with  me   you  know how  I am 
 
 Sherry   So  Its  like  you  never  know  before  today . ,
 
 Darshana YEs  I  know  but  I thought  you have some  girls  who  are  only  friends  like salman  he  comment  and   flirt  on girls  but  never  do  it  with  me he  behave  just  like  a  friend  cant   you  do the  same  
 
 Sherry When  did I say  that  I dont  beleive  n friendship  ?
 
 Darshana No but  your  friendship  is  some  adavnced  version  defined a  friendship start  on bed 
 
 Sherry no  Its  not  like  that  .
 
 Darshana  ye s It  is  
 
 Sherry Say  more 
 
Darshana  Will you  say  something  or  I should  continue  like  a chatterbox  ,  hello  , are  you  feeling  sleepy  ,  hello  ,   are  you  there  sherry  
 
Sherry yes  ,  you  say  
 
 Darshana   How  much  I say  ,   am  I rakhi Sawant   ,  Were  are  you  uncle  ,  
 
 
May  be he  got busy  with  some  more  girls  its  time to  sleep now  ,................................
 

Sherry In oath of WIP thinking about you only , Leave it ,dialing the heart tone on wrong network
Darshana : Trying on me , but you don’t have the heart how can it ring .
Sherry: Did my heart reched you ?
Darshana : No , you have already given it to so many how come it reach me,
Sherry: May be it had taken transfer
Darshana no no .
Sherry :ok What about your’s with you or it is also traveling somewhere
Darshana :No , It has cheated me one so I kicked its ass out .
Sherry :, So you have no Heart now , Think before you speak dear .
Darshana yes I don’t like cheaters
Sherry Ok.
Darshana so say something
Sherry: Nothing to say , Already given the “Guard of honour” in the night so not in mood of it
Darshana you can enjoy at your home too ,
Sherry :What should I do here
Darshana :Spend some time with mom and dad
Sherry: What should I do with them , It has been 26 years I have the same of them .
Darshana , you are crazy , go and catch some girls then
Sherry: from where should I catch them , you are not getting in the filch too
Darshana: dont try on me , better to try on good girls
Sherry: aren’t you good
Darshana Yes ,Very bad girl .
Sherry :Tell me Tell me
Darshana My boy friend , run away by listening to terms and conditions of the affairs , I would not give anything what a boy wants and boys didn’t want anything else
Sherry :no its not like that
Darshana :all calculation is equal to a bad girl, at least now my eyes are open now I know what everyone desires about
Sherry: Its not like that there are still people who can remain committed , the who one to leave will leave , So Its like your eyes are open that everyone wants your clothes to be open .
Darshana yes , it is the truth but people have good word love , affection , for the same , where you gone Sherry.
Sherry: Still here
Darshana: So why you were silent .
Sherry: nothing was trying to see what’s in your heart
Darshana: ohh god, so you can see in heart too.
Sherry yes I do its all about approach 
Darshana :let me know when you see something ,
Sherry: Its too much dark in you heart , I can see only confusion.
Darshana go and try some girls Sherry.
Sherr:y Why shouldnt I try on you , I am a guy in education ( and it’s a n industry now )  the  city is small if I try on a girl it will be a front page news
Darshana: ohh so sad , what do you teach, subject ???
Sherry: advertisisng,marketing,economics
Darshana: ok ,economics
Sherry: Its a month I have not taken a single class
Darshana: You teach , you do counseling also , what’s your designation ? Multitasking executive ?
Sherry: I do order visiting cards of the designation as per me I do not need designation designation need me ( its not attitude he was making ion front of her its confidence ) ,
Darshana : laughing . 
Sherry :I have written admissions and PR Nowdays , I do handle events too.
Darshana ohh god  you are too much
Sherry thank you beautiful.
Darshana you are really a comic character 
Sherry Why
Darshana :  you  always made me laugh .
Sherry: but why
Darshana have you watched Ragini MMS I didn’t understand what was the story
Sherry Even I , no scene to watch , that was total waste of money  they should be sued by  human  welfare departments they said it  was cozy  but there  was nothing  like that .
Darshana ok I watched it yesterday
Sherry Ok , One guy has made MMS with his GF and then put it on internet , but watching real scandals is awesome porn does not appeal so much
Darshana oh nice ,
Sherry : ok  ( nice  should  I  should ask her to go ahead then )
Darshana ok
Sherry You say
Darshana what should I say , how much I speak
Sherry anything new
Darshana We are talking from an hour ,how much new can happen in an hour
Sherry: Tell me the name of the girls from your batch who have gone for something crazy with boys
Darshana: Nice , this is a good question, good Uncle.
Sherry and how many are still intact ?
Darshana How come I know this , they wouldn’t tell me
Sherry why so?
Darshana I cant ask this , this is somewhat personal and what about your batch
Sherry no idea
Darshana You know all the girls I named
Sherry Hemlata is not virgin
Darshana You know , but you are not accepting , yes I can understand from her face.
Sherry only some I know
Darshana ok
Sherry whose face
Darshana Hemlata
Sherry I tell ramita every answer her writing was good so she got more marks
Ramita was a girl  who was the  first  person  sherry exchange the smile at that hill she wished him like  as they  know each  other from many days .
Darshana, why you were not in my batch .
Sherry :Even I was thinking that we would have a golden date  and you….
Darshana  (interrupting )I will beat you , cant you think something more except deflowering me
Sherry: ok Tell me a hot  girl like you is talking to me should I behave like a brother to her , Whenevr I see your new picture  I recall that intimate song
Darshana: If you would be in same class I will tie “rakhi” to you which picture you talking about
Sherry: you wearing Kurta with new hair style.
Darshana: So,I was full covered in a chudidaar. How can  you see a girl to get cozy with  when she as already  covered her  from bottom  to  the  top .
Sherry: no its  not  like  that .
Darshana :  yes 
Sherry: i mean the song everytime
Darshana Tell me more
Sherry Just want to know whats in your heart , how much you talked to a boy continuously
Darshana :What to know I am an open book dear.
Sherry :No , you ar not like a open book there is something in your mind & soul,
Darshana :sonly with my  boy friend  for hours continuously.
Sherry ok on phone
Darshana :1 day without a break
Sherry I did for 17 hrs
Darshana Oh go God who was that ,your wip (Sherry’s closest friend)
Sherry No , just a friend was there .
Darshana ok
............................................................................................................................
Sherry I am feeling that there is something you want to say to me ?
Darshana NO , I don’t hide anything from you , everything I already told
Sherry No there is something apart from that
Darshana everything you know
Sherry: but there is something in your mind decide it and then you can tell
Darshana :but there should be something to tell I don’t have
Sherry: yes there is something
Darshana: by the way whey you are feeling so …
Sherry: just felt ,you will get to know after sometime , you need social security , you are afraid that your friends should not leave you alone ,
Darshana : no, its not like that
Sherry: You feel like that it doesn’t matter that it will be true what about your hand fingers are they always turned inside
Darshana Even If I involve with someone does it matter for my friends,
Sherry: I don’t mean sex involvement it’s about friendship only, why you always think of sex
Darshana What???? Do I always think of sex ?
Sherry: yes, you said that if you involve with someone , but what I said is none of the concern with involvement in a relationship
Darshana :then
Sherry: Its like you are afraid of getting distant from your friends people who wants to be with other people always have there fingers always turned inside in the direction of the palm as they do care for feelings.
Hey where  you gone  arent  you able to understand  my phillosophy  it happend with all the great  people  nepoleaon , hitler , edisson  , newton , darwin  and me  whenever we come with a point to notice people treat us like crazy  and they are not ready  to listen  to our logics their will be one day when  you will feel that  your  friend is great and everyone will say that ,
Darshana :no its not like that
Sherry: yes it is
Darshana :I dont used to think so much
Sherry: Yes , but when you start thinking you would get to know
Darshana :good, people do tell me that I dont live life fully
Sherry but  when  did I said like that  , ( girls make there own preferences so do not try to ask them when  you said the things and what  you meant  by  what you said   at the end you  just have to say sorry)
Darshana I am somewhat rational.
Sherry Do I say that .
DarshanaI was saying about the people Sherry not you ,
Sherry: What I said is truth , you will also admit it in one or two months
Darshana May be sometimes I don’t understand what my heart wants
Sherry : Every  girl is same .
Darshana ok
Sherry you say
Darshana what to say ,Why don’t you try on preeti
Sherry She is already booked .
Darshana, yes It was , but now she is available for all.
Sherry You know there is a secret FB group of all boys some boy wrote that he want to fcuk her,
Darshana and that marathi girl you liked the picture she also looks good
Sherry: She is maried but when she was in my class she didnt look as good as now ,
Darshana goooddd really
Darshana How come boys can write so disgusting?
Sherry what disgusting..?
Darshana He who want to fcuk her ,
Sherry Its secret for boys he can write anything
Sherry : Have you seen my  mom’s picture . 
Darshana : yes she is beautiful .
Darshana whom did you go on ,
Sherry mom
Darshana yes she is really beautiful , nice features ,
Sherry
Darshana ok
Sherry Dad saw moms picture and told her elder brother to approach for marriage either they say yes or either make them say yes
Darshana So you also want to become like your dad ?
Sherry no
Darshana ‘ok , My mom dad wants me to marry as early as possible
Sherry good, be married then
Darshana :-waiting for the right time
Sherry : that’s good ,
Darshana Till the time I can live my life
Sherry what kind of living?
Darshana :- No responsibility, no to get others in decision.
Sherry yes , that’s it ,
Darshana I have not taken bath yet , nor I did cook food , but after marriage I have to do all the things on time
Sherry definitely or else you would be searching a lawyer .
Darshana  HeHe.
Sherry: If you and me together we would be in bed till noon every Sunday .
Darshana anytime I can sleep I can eat .,what why I will be with you
Sherry: example
Darshana  ????  and I cant sleep for so late
Sherry: what do you felt we will be sleeping only when sharing bed ???
Darshana We were together You………….. A+, My sandals are waiting for a face
Sherry :I can take sandals too after so much
Darshana SEX SEX SEX anything else you can think.
Sherry at least I speak truth
Darshana Now don’t be so much truthful that the person in front got shy.
Sherry what to be shy
Darshana Shut up Sherry , How much I try to make you on the right track you try to keep me on yours
Sherry : very true
Darshana: what will your wife do she will always have to be on bed .
Sherry  Do you have any  doubt on that ..
Darshana carry on be choosey then ,
Sherry why 
Darshana She should have able to justify her health ,
Sherry She wouldn’t allow me. To check ,
Darshana yea really
Sherry So how can I check?
Darshana You Moron I mean she should have good health, you always cross the limits .
Sherry: you said that be choosey
Darshana: I mean to say not skinny ,
Sherry ok , 
Darshana IF you try to check what’s inside before marriage the family will beat you , at least you understand now ,
Sherry: hmmm so what more
Darshana:- what to say
Sherry anything in the heart.
DarshanaNo heart already kicked it out
Sherry So any topic to talk ,

Darshana Are  you feeling that I am in love with you ?????
Sherry What , let me laugh for a while laughing cause tears , stop hahaha .
Darshana hehe.
Sherry OH MY God,,,,,,,,
Darshana I  know ,then why you are asking again and again what’s in my mind whats in my heart ,
Sherry: Let me laugh for a while I can’t resist it .
Darshana  me too .
Sherry How can you think like that I will ask this .
Darshana ok no issues, I didn’t think I answered.
Darshana Now never ask to me what’s in my heart
Sherry Why don’t you try  to get in a comedy  show 
Darshana ok
Sherry anything still there in mind you can say
Darshana ok, I will , you are buzzing me from long time what should I more then this .
Sherry lol , but this …………………………
Darshana Nothing my dad , there is no way I found to keep you mum,
Sherry lol
Sherry but truth is truth
Darshana Stop or again I will make you mum by creating these kinda jokes
Sherry but there is something
Darshana you again ,,,,
Sherry I can’t counter truth
Darshana  Its not good you forcing me , you are trying to put words in my mouth dear
Sherry I didn’t felt this for WIP (Work in Progress  sherry’s closest friend) how can I feel for you
Darshana Don’t you , donkey ,I asked aren’t you feeling that I am in love with you
Sherry yes you asked ,  you didnt answered but the meaning is same ,
Darshana and will you shut up now and stop irritating me we both know the reality
Sherry lol , Halt , no more what’s in heart discussions, you will tell me one day what’s in the mind .
Darshana You are the only one in my heart nobody else hehe
Sherry hmm
Darshana yes hehe
Sherry Yes, therefore your heart is roaming outside ,
Darshana enough jokes now , Yes , It’s choices are bad.
Sherry therefore it , left you ,
Darshana  Now what to do , who wants to go nobody can stop ……
Sherry  hmmm , So say something more ,
Darshana How much should I say ,
Sherry but there should be something you should say.
Darshana You tell me something know ,
Sherry :tell me what should I say
Darshana: anything in your heart
Sherry If I tell you what’s in m mind whom will you speak daily ???
Darshana OK, Tell me why do we talk to each other daily .
Sherry (“kahi toh ye dil kahi mil nahi paatey kai se nikal aaye barso ke naatey”) the song said everything  I don’t have any specific reason .
Darshana Hey , I also like this song.
Sherry gud , you say I don’t have any specific reason .
Darshana Leave or you will again laugh .
Sherry : tell me
Darshana I am already fed up of laughing dear not more please.
Sherry :no tell me
Darshana leave
Sherry no tell me tell me
Darshana So much laughter is injurious to health ,
Sherry Speak up
Darshana “nahi nahi abhi nahi abhi karo intezaar” the song  had answered your question .
Sherry  tell me
Darshana We both have diffrent reasonsI feel very lonely after my break –up , So I keep myself busy with friends .
Sherry Ok
Darshana  and yours you already know , just need a chance to dance , and you what’s dance for you ,
Sherry no its not like that
Darshana:  you trying to defend.
Sherry : what to defend , I didn’t get the reason in my brains.
Darshana: it’s not too tough to understand .
Sherry but I didn’t understand it .
Darshana would take your whole life then .I can’t be more easy than that .
Sherry :so you can talk to anyone but why only me ?
Darshana What do you mean by that even you can talk to anyone.
Sherry but I would talk to people whom I am interested to talk,
Darshana yes
Sherry So zero relativity quotient in your answer and question.
Sherry Now tell me what do you really want to make me understood.
Darshana I  don’t know
Sherry This was in your mind .
Darshana Laughing a lot ,,,, Sherry ??????
Sherry: arent you getting boys that you would start loving me , aren’t boys available in numbers.
Darshana hehe ,Please why don’t you stop your comedy show now
Sherry You started initially
Darshana :really
Sherry I  :didnt understand the reason , that breakup with boyfriend how come we related to it .
Darshana Its nothing like consumer behavior theories
Sherry ok
Darshana but still I tolerate your intimate and vulgar talks.
Sherry hmm
Darshana because I never felt any negative thing you , you are a guy with clean heart.
Sherry hmm
Darshana yup , lot I have talked now you say something
Sherry I don’t talk only for chance . I talk to less people, less friends but good friends .
Darshana atleast you said something good without intimacy I felt happy
Sherry: but when I am talking to you somehow I look to your picture and then my senses woke up.
Darshana Do one thing don’t look at my picture now onwards.
Sherry but I had already seen it .
Darshana and all my pictures are in full clothes ? How come your senses got up in that.
Sherry: and that girl laveena, nice looks , tight looks,
Darshana She cant be a virgin how can you think like that hehe.
Sherry lol
Darshana humm
Sherry only I never got a chance
Darshana hahhahaha so sad sir
Sherry Every time I got the doors already open.
Darshana what do you mean ???
Sherry all non-virgins in my life till the time.
Darshana hahhahhahahhah, So what Its common nowdays to see non –virgin girls
Sherry but Why they are not giving a chance to me
Darshana you should ask this to them how can I answer
Sherry hmmm , how can you answer this.
Darshana humm
Sherry So what left know , so didn’t felt bed with my intimate talks.
Darshana Don’t know .
Sherry : So you were telling something ,
Darshana Stop , nothing left to tell you everything I had already told to you .
Sherry This is also a nice picture , but I tried a lot but not able to see below the scarf.
Darshana what which picture
Sherry  the second one  you shared 
Darshana It is so decent and simple girls picture how can you think like that ,
Sherry that was I wanted to say it is so decent that nothing I can see.
Darshana I don’t took snaps for everyone , they are for me,
Sherry ohhh.
Darshana you should be thankful to god that you are not here else you would have been punched by me
Sherry you tell me when should I come, how many punches for a smooch ?
Darshana Sir , can’t you behave like other guys ,I am telling you
Sherry yes , you said and become a good guy??
Darshana Do I look like a smooching booth ?
Sherry Do I look like a punching bag?
Darshana I will do everything with my hubby only, you always talk like this.
Sherry mutual funds investments bear less risk ,
Darshana just slip of tongue.
Sherry no issues, 5-10 punches for a smooch good deal.
Darshana I am happy already.
Sherry what about my happiness then
Darshana We will arrange a girl for you don’t worry .
Sherry I think you are also a girl.
Darshana Yes , but I am not a thing to be used ,
Sherry even I want my own parking.
Darshana Why dont you marry then , your car , your parking space and above all no limit.
Sherry one slap one smooch great deal and you will also come out off your anger.
Darshana sir pls stop buzzing my brains now.
Sherry loll
Darshana how much will you tease me.
Sherry trying is hope
Darshana I am not of that kind how many times I have to tell you this please go somewhere and catch some other girl.
Darshana Everygirl is not meant for bed only I can say only this to you else you are hopeless.
Good night  …………………………..
Sherry hi
DarshanaSo where were you uncle
Sherry here only
Darshana keep replying then
Sherry hmm so what should we talk
Darshana What should I say
Sherry tell me some memoirs of your life
Darshana but there should be some memories to tell
Sherry but you don’t tell anything
Darshana but you always ask something 18+
Sherry except it I already asked
Darshana else you can talk anything
Sherry but there is nothing left
Darshana ok tell me my bad habits
Sherry you don’t talk intimate
Darshana I will do them with my hubby
Sherry So you and your hubby will only talk ?
Darshana not only talks if I behave like that he will through me out of the house
Sherry lol
Darshana my friends also tell me like that , one said that he will give us a extra gift ,I asked what he replied that a ruler
Sherry  double meaning
Darshana So If I restrict he can beat me with that what’s double meaning in that ?
Sherry :-you say more  ( the reader has already understood what  I meant to say )
Darshana what should I say any interesting incident of your life.
Darshana What I said now isn’t was interesting ?
Darshana but I haven’t  did anything special to be interesting.
Sherry ok
Darshana Thinking on the same
Sherry hmmm same here
Darshana hurry up
Sherry  cant get outside from my track
Darshana What to say , I never seen adult movie
Sherry lets move together to watch one
Darshana even I have never seen someone smooching
Sherry I watched with a friend of mine she was a my kind of girl.
Darshana Shut up , I will watch alone
Sherry but why alone
Darshana so should I invite everyone from the town
Sherry no just me and  you  and  sunny , 
Darshana u know I don’t know what is smooch.
Sherry  and I know only meaning
Darshana one guy from other college came at our premise and my friend told me , that other college guy wants to smooch me.
Darshana You know Chankya was organized 
Sherry chankya ????????
Darshana You are great one you were adult in your childhood ,, remember Chanakya
Sherry yup i was the in the wining team from my batch.
Darshana  that boy was their I wasn’t aware what he meant by it, if I knew he would have been killed by me ,
Sherry lolz , If we would have been in same class then what would happen ,
Darshana nothing your throat will be choked by me ,
Sherry are you sure
Darshana yes 100 %
Sherry but you wouldn’t able to understand my talks at that time
Darshana but know I can
Sherry but not at that time
Darshana yes earlier I wasn’t able to ,
Sherry hmm
Darshana but it was past.
Sherry do you remember there was a girl Angelina jolie lookalike in the computer  department  ( I had already confessed on the page of every campus  but  not a single reply  hope you are reading this )
Darshana yes , so you tried on her too
Sherry yup
Darshana good
Sherry I sent a message to her on web  that are you the girl who looks alike Angelina jolie
Darshana So did something happened
Sherry what can happen If I am so expressive
Darshana so how many girls you tried to get at college
Sherry only that Angelina look-alike and that south Indian , who put lot of makeup
Darshana ok, and that with a good height
Sherry no I wasn’t able to see her,  I am not  so tall and  either  I don’t  have good looks ,
Darshana ohh
Sherry and one from that engineering she was also a south Indian she was a little dusky but nice and sexy
Darshana dnt know
Sherry hmm
Darshana I was not familiar with that engineering college girls .
Sherry I talked to that south Indian girls two time only one time last year and on this when I was giving the backlog , and I found that superhero who made her fake  internet  profile .
Darshana yes
Darshana I heard about that fake Id case
Sherry I know that guy but i will not disclose the name
Darshana was that you , let me know was that you
Sherry not me some guy who named with a music band some how caught him
Darshana so boy from seniors
Sherry no your batch
Sherry you don’t know I access passwords of laptops connected to wi-fi and whenever you found any social networking website  unblocked I was the reason for that
Darshana god what are you talking
Darshana you can do so ?
Sherry therefore my real name is unknown and people know me as Cobol
Darshana god you are dodgy 
Sherry but  my real name is not  known  to many 
Darshana are you an engineer ?
Sherry No semi post graduate in management and microbiology …..and then our degree.
Darshana good , great guy , but you are good at computers too
Sherry yes I am  machines are my  life  you can trust  them   machine is my  love ,
Darshana so why don’t you put your brain in computer parts instead of putting them in girls body parts
Sherry it moves everywhere
Darshana ok
Sherry You say more
Darshana whats should I say more you are disclosing so much of suspense .
Sherry lolz
Darshana humm you tell me something
Sherry what should I say
Darshana Wasn’t you trying any girl from your batch
Sherry no, one is like sister and other I dont have any much close friendship with them.
Darshana Why so
Sherry Even I had never talked with a girl from HR allied batch of the same class ,if ever I talked is only to resolve the computer problems nothing else.
Sherry good
Sherry hmm
Darshana There was a guy from your batch also was saying that you should be bold and talk to boys ,
Sherry If I would have been on your place I would have slapped him.  ( sorry bro I didn’t knew that she  was talking  about  you  ) 
Sherry It’s someones life they are free to live it as they want .
Darshana I made jokes on him .
Sherry good you are of my kind too but we never met .
Darshana Yes , but he wants to be the hero hehe .
Sherry :-you know some times teachers live the class as I get them confused
Darshana How come I am like you, I very much different from you sir
Sherry I mean who don’t put legs in others affairs,
Darshana good , so much question do you ask ?
Sherry yup
Darshana gud
Sherry My friends say “ATTACK “ and the lecturer get confused .
Darshana humm gud , but why I haven’t seen you , I attend college daily ,
Sherry There was a teacher I asked her that are you a teacher or a student she said teacher then I told her ok I was searching for you only lets move to class , and I was there from February  to exams only for the whole session I was at home
Darshana hahhahhaahah
Sherry I came in February
Darshana So where were you ,,
Sherry was not good with health so was at hometown
Darshana ohho
Sherry and When I returned back every girl forgot who am I
Darshana hahahhahhhah
Sherry yes but I lost the moments I can live with my friends , but its ok Maktub ,Its all written
Darshana even I was sick for long time and the time which was left my BoyFriend keeps every update of mine
Sherry hehe
Darshana Yes you can laugh what to do except laughing ,
Sherry hmm
Darshana yes
Sherry There are many things to do but you should allow me to do so
Darshana god you catch that south Indian one she is more good looking then me .
I am not like that sherry but there is one thing in you ask what ?
Sherry what
Darshana your determination for girls
Sherry she is not coming to me even online she wouldn’t talk to me
Darshana you are intractable
Sherry yes I am
Darshana That’s not my fault if she is not coming you should approach her
Sherry She is just a make up box and you are natural why should I approach her.
Darshana Will you shut up , tell this to her that she is natural beauty she will be impressed by you and 100 % you both will in affair then
Sherry She know what she is and why should I lie .
Darshana so what’s the problem in make up
Sherry I like natural beauty ,
Darshana You disappear again
Sherry nothing just selecting some songs
Darshana you are a thing to see
Sherry Why should I , you are a hot thing to see
Darshana what should I say, your talks they are so amazing, it’s like you have a bank of it
Sherry What I said amazing?
Darshana I want to ask something.
Sherry yes please carry on.
Darshana So much I talked to you and you seems to be a talented guy , intelligent too , you know everything , you get the things done. Why you want to live in that small town .
Sherry yup
Sherry I want to create a source of education  good here ,
Darshana ok
Sherry One girl friend of mine said that it is not possible but I will do that this will be an education hub and a business hub and I have to make it possible anyhow.
Darshana good all d best
Sherry thank you 
Darshana  You are  welcome
Sherry So when should I reach your place ,
Darshana what place????
Sherry You said welcome , and  through which medical store ?
Darshana Where are you coming ,  medical store ?????????????? ( shut up you reader she just complicated to thank you that  was sherry’s mind to go through the medical store not the lady)
Sherry you said welcome , I don’t have siblings so better to stay here .
Darshana even I felt so that family is the reason
Sherry They make me to live here not my wish , small city good savings , and everyone know each other
Sherry yup, also I know many things but I don’t know how to get girls
Darshana Hey you know how to get girls
Sherry No I dont and by lying I will never
Darshana Ohh yes , you are the talk to the point guy , just come to bed huh  .
Sherry yes ok darling I  am feeling sleepy know it was a great day to share memories of life with you, I still want to talk to you more but there are some ones who need me tomorrow .bye and have my dreams
Darshana ok no issues take care , sweet dreams ,  ( why should I have your dreams )


: Darshana: Hi how are you
: Sherry: I am good you say something
Darshana: what should I say?
: Sherry: size
: Darshana: z (she mistyped and ……)
Sherry: why don’t you come to my place now lactose milk we can get
: Darshana: you shameless donkey, idiot, stupid
: Sherry: what shame and why, how much clothes we need to make protectors of z size,
Darshana: Do someone talk like that shut up now
Sherry: and the size of “tits for tat” (now this you have to understand) we need a succession machine
: Darshana: oohh god , will you stop now you shameless boy
Darshana: very clever, you look good when you keep mum

: Sherry: I just took a pause thinking what will be the gap in the missionary position with a girl of z size, I am not clever don’t have a single girlfriend
 Darshana: I know how much clever you are ok , can I ask you something but first make promise that you wouldn’t laugh what are you saying about the position , tell me in a decent way
Sherry: oh you don’t know, there is nothing to laugh in that
: Darshana: I am asking because I don’t know what that is
Sherry: I read on internet that no desire for sex in this age is an indication of disease
: Darshana: So why are you telling this to me.
: Sherry: may be you are

: Darshana:, are you mad do I look like a
: Sherry: I am not talking about AIDS just an another disease
: Darshana: shut up there is nothing like that
Sherry: okok we need to check
: Darshana: will you zip up now I have my limits it doesn’t mean that I don’t feel
Sherry: ok so what you do when you feel
Darshana: shut up I control my feelings
Sherry: how?
Darshana: I don’t have boy n my life so what can I do
: Sherry: when you feel by story or by looking at a cool guy, or in periods, who said you don’t have a boy I am here
: Darshana: when I see something in movies
Sherry: ok
Darshana: will you stop
Sherry: tell me more
: Darshana: I have already told you
Sherry: come on
: Darshana: I don’t now that self control is a disease for some people
: Sherry: what type of movies or some love scenes
: Darshana: are you taking my interview
Sherry: I am just asking, when the girls did arouses
: Darshana:I will tell just wait for a while 
Sherry: ok
: Darshana: till the time she is virgin she is not as much like you
: Sherry: ok

Darshana: you have to do some cuddling but if she has done it, she will need the with more desire than you have
Sherry: am I a benchmark of Desiree’s
Darshana: and ten she can’t control any how she needed,  Yes but its true but its true
Sherry: I know and what should I do to excite you ?
: Darshana: don’t do anything I am ok like this only
Sherry: are you feeling for me
Darshana: you want me to follow you
Sherry: Hey that girl visit my home today, with whom I caught red handedly
 Darshana: who, why you were caught?
:
Sherry: I told you that I have check the car but not parked
:Darshana: you were in which class at that time 5-6th
Sherry: yes, but we have the match after some years too
Darshana oh God
Sherry: but only petting
Darshana: did you attacked by in the first look
Darshana: god you know what is sex from class 5th
Sherry: no, I was unknown that the parking should be done therefore I didn’t
Darshana: then
Sherry: which one you want to know the first one or the second one when I grow up some older.
Darshana: god, you are precarious, from childhood
Sherry: We were just playing games what’s inside, either its yahoo or its Amazon and caught
:
Darshana: god so from childhood you were interested in looking inside????
Sherry: hmm
: Darshana: god what a boy you are?
: Sherry: why so
Darshana:, sherry the “Indian American pie” witty comedy,
Sherry: what’s the witty in that?
: Darshana: but for me you are
Sherry: one day I returned to home, my mother left for some shopping and she was alone at my home
: Darshana: ohh, so you got the chance
Sherry: she was very much interested to watch wrestling and I told her to do some pushups in and sit in her front on the couch.
Darshana: then
Sherry: then for do pushups she put her stole aside and she did some 5-10 pushups and I can able to see the Google’s view of NH-34 from there,

Darshana: ok, so what’s next?
Sherry: there were some playing cards there and we both are watching a movie some Rajesh Khanna’s movie, with a scene of strip poker so I asked her to play and she accepted
Are you there??
Darshana: ok then what happened
Sherry: then we got a deal I will take two and she would take off one when lost ok, the chance came for her to take off her top and then she started doing new drama so, I put her zip open and put my hands in her top and felt that I reached the Google result page , So I told her that there is a body mark on that Google website I have saw it earlier when we were counted to be children’s , then she said same as you say to me shameless guy boy what are you doing now .
Sherry: Where you gone ?
Darshana: I was just doing the imagination
Sherry: don’t remember
:Darshana: oh so early in your life, I came to know after graduation
Sherry: even at that there was no tradition of smooches,
: Darshana: ok
Sherry: but whenever we met now she is having a cunning smile of her face
:Darshana: oh god, you kindergarten Casanova
Darshana: I also remember when I was in primary school and I call those guys “bhaiya”
Darshana: they try to touch me here and there ,One tried to hug lay on me and that was so bed feeling lets leave it
Sherry: where he touched, what was the size of googles at that time?
:Darshana: don’t you know where boys touch , and I was a small girl at that how much would be the size ,why do boys do like that they never leave the small girls too
:Sherry: No I am not like that I don’t have a bad eye on any minor ones
Darshana: hummm, I am not talking about you the other guys who do so
: Darshana: ok so what else
Sherry: Do you remember about a girl who is very serious and is in relationship with my friend
Darshana: humm
Sherry: I start to feeling when we talk so doesn’t anything happen to you?
Darshana: yes, It happens with everyone
:Sherry: what happens is that going through you now?
Darshana: no
Sherry: ok
Sherry: what happens in the body?
Darshana: I don’t want to tell you
Sherry: tell me you know my inquisitiveness level
Darshana: no leave it or you will again start with your warm stories
Sherry: no I will not tease you tell me
Darshana: please take a halt now or I will not be able to talk to you freely then
Sherry: tell or it will result in upset stomach
Darshana: I feel restiveness, the flow of hormones
Sherry: hormones????
: Darshana: I beg you please don’t ask more
Sherry: ok, aren’t the Google chrome becomes harder to load?
Darshana: thx
Sherry: My friend says that she enjoy pressing her Google search button
Darshana: oh god , this is common and it happens with every girl in business environment
Sherry: means the microeconomic factors get swelled and they release the liquidity in the lower economic zone which is the primary supply point for incubation and extraction of raw material and finished product respectively .
Darshana: No , Its not like that so much of release of liquidity is only possible , when the whole production process gets complete and the formation of trade union is necessary but the union needs only two partners ,

:Sherry: that’s not the proper product; I am just concerning about the economics,
So when are you inviting me to the processing room so we will trade love and make a union
: Darshana: shut up, I can’t do that I will do it with my hubby only
Sherry: don’t make the process done then we will do just petting
:Darshana: petting what’s that tell me
j
Sherry: Its like not go for the key hole but you can touch the eye hole , people can go to use Oral-B.
Darshana: You keep it with you , your these ridiculous process , I am not a free market there is a barrier , there will be a unit monopoly after I get married
I will make u meet with some friends of mine they will reach till they need the protection.
Sherry: but I have already made the operations to make alliances with you now to bring new clients would be very much difficult for me
Darshana: Sorry I am not making any daily trade alliance with you , I am more interested in a systematic investment plan which is called as a marriage and then I will put my all assets in that
Sherry: but I would make to make it with you only, have you seen your eyes what a sex appeal.
Darshana: but the alliance is for friendship only it’s not for your debauchery
Sherry: without feelings I don’t play”gully danda”
Darshana: oh , now what have my eyes done to you , I thought that eyes doesn’t matter for you the thing which matter you the most you can get it in every girl
Sherry: I am saying about the whole body package
Darshana and then you can start with them
Sherry: and I am not a street dog so I can do with anyone, I will do with only with someone whom I have some feelings
: Darshana: yes most of the people do like to say that even I am not a bitch to do with many

: Sherry: then you become some bitchy and I be the doggy and lets have the puppies play
Darshana and this relation I will make only with my hubby, Now you calm down and sit aside and zip your lips now
Sherry: Don’t worry me will make you comfortable in any of the canine’s style
Darshana I am not going in any sexual relationship with anyone without feelings
:Sherry: same here
Darshana: you do it with tulika
:Sherry but why no alliance with you
Darshana: u know everyone who is interested to make alliance with me I transfer them to tulika as she is one the socially active she wouldn’t get you the production process but the agreement and communication will make you motivated even if there is no contract made
:Sherry: hahaha
Darshana: and you know
Sherry: even I am ready for all is she socially active like me to accept anyone
Darshana: yes there is one more that is following her to form an alliance
Sherry: but she doesn’t have what you do have
Darshana: hehe   all girls have the same things what you need so don’t say like that .
Sherry: but I like simplicity so I would like to be you and get enough joy
and there should be something like personal relation
Darshana: sex , why you need personal relations , go and try on tulika
Sherry: no I want the one whom I am talking to
Darshana: It’s not a sale
Sherry: I don’t want scrap material standard items only
Darshana: I m giving u the better onebye, lets sleep now
Darshana: I am going to Lonavla tomorrow
Sherry: ok I will do something in dreams , will chocolate flavor do ?
:Darshana: how you will look without a jaw will it be fine ?
:Darshana: what chocolate cake ,ice cream ?
Sherry: no It’s not a food item
Darshana: then ???????????????
Sherry: think
Darshana: See I am already fed up creating these innovative Presentation  never thought that after two years of  lots of them I will again have to do the same thing , I will take your help ,I know your thought process is totally different
Sherry: Flavored security guard
Darshana: I don’t know
:Sherry: It comes in flavor when it goes inside the lady feel the taste
Darshana:, now let me sleep , taste hehe , ok I am going to sleep now


Sherry: Don’t rub the yahoo  too much
Darshana: No , you shut up and control your amazon kindle , You can rape a girl with your talks only , bbye good night .
Things are going smoothly  in both  of  their lives  till one day when  … a  social networking website status update  said ;-
And  then   she  come back after some days 
Darshana: hi, So how are you .
Sherry: I am somewhat good now what about you ,
Darshana: I am fine shine
Sherry: k I am not able to see you online these days ?
Darshana: yup , the time is the constraint what should I do
Sherry: ok
Darshana: so had your dinner yes ,
Sherry: yes and its totally vegetarian
Darshana: gud, at least there is something that is vegetarian in your life what else is totally ..
Hey you want to discuss some problem at that time I was in hurry so not able to listen to you properly so what’s the problem with you
Sherry: Yes
Darshana: what happened
Sherry: Yup so much tension at that time I bought 2 gb of Porn and no movie to receive the guard of Honour
Darshana: want to kill you , I thought there was something serious and I was thinking the whole day about that , You are too much you idiot
Sherry: But that time it was the main problem so I thought better to discuss it with you .
Form last three days I was watching chankaya
Darshana: chanakya ?????????? are you mad
Sherry: What to be mad in that it was a good serial at least Doordarshan has broadcasted the something where Brahmins are respected like kings else we all get only reservation people to be respected unwillingly .
Darshana:, I thought its is also something related to your adult entertainment .
Sherry: See how much your mind is into adultery.

Darshana: hahhahahhahaa , I can’t expect something which does not have and adultery in it so I thought that its also somewhat like this .
Sherry: k
Darshana: HUMMMMMM you say more
Sherry: There is nothing new at my side
Darshana: How can it be possible you have something with you always and what about that dirty group is it going good
Sherry: no the group owner has caught by some so its deleted now (sorry Mr.Petrol Pump owner but I have to write this  I cant edit be realistic you were caught  why it happened to you only every time )
Darshana So what more than that
Sherry: nothing my parents saying every time get married get married
Darshana: So get married , its the correct time and also every time you are excited for sex
Sherry: not now
Darshana: why so any specific reason for that ?
Sherry: I don’t want to ruin anyone’s life ,
1Darshana: aren’t you able to keep her happy ?
Sherry: I cant marry anyone only for sex
Darshana: you will forgot everything when you get a good girl
Sherry: It’s not like that
Darshana: yes it is admit it , but the girl should be kind enough .
Sherry: how you define kindness
Darshana: who can understand you and many things are also there .
Sherry: ok , get to go somewhere by





Till the time you have read about both of our  lead  friends Sherry and  Darshana  So what have you gone through is something that comes in everyones life , its just a part of life  which comes in every teenagers tenure from birth to death but this is not so easy going that made me to sit on the laptop for many days collect so much of  facebook and gmail chats , remembering all the SMS which I sent to many of friends or you can say the two of them which makes the most of the content of this fantasy novel some would classify it as a softporn to be very much interesting  and  You all are  feeling that what the hell  Sherry and Darshana are talking to each other and  will they only  talk or  Sherry will do something also  ,  Now  why don't you allow me to add something more to this story and keep the charachterization  somewhat more emphasis on both .
 
Darshana is a  small town girl is who is now working  in Pune , she is quite ambitious  having big  plans who need to make and very good career  in a MNC as most of the girls thought of and she need a good life partner  to who looks good , earn good and  keep her happy , the expectations from her side are not said to be very much demanding as and good kind of who doesn't change her boyfriends like some girls do as to change their wardrobe , Sherry as you all know is a small town boy who returned to his hometown after studies and  Booze , Smoke and Sports  his life ends in these three words apart from a 12 count , you will get to know later .
 
As to take it  in concern both of them are apart from each other , Sherry is a boy who doesn't look  good  as he  look good in his facebook profile picture so most of the  girl keep a distance look  from him but  still he does carry a gratitude with lot of honesty , respect and a jolly nature  which makes him to  entertain himself and the other , What he has in life  is an ambition to be a an renowned academic most of the time he thinks that he is similar to  APJ Abdul Kalam   but  what can we say  to him  he will just reply as Do I care  what do you all think  does thinking  cost ?Sometimes he feels that he is Chankya may be winning a simulation game has done this to him and thus  he  thought  he  is a  good teacher ,businessman , and always ready to give suggestions  but  even I know  that  people sometime say that he can make anyone understand any thing one of guy   has told him that  people have  different  blood group and  sherry  has  the different one which  is some subjective  positive . Keeping all this in  your  minds I also want you to know that this guy is affected from OCD ,  Now what's that  So  FYI 
 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is an anxiety disorder in which people have unwanted and repeated thoughts, feelings, ideas, sensations (obsessions), or behaviors that make them feel driven to do something (compulsions).  
                                                                                                                               Shocked  yes  but  it  is  ,   And  our  friend Darshana  she  is  a   good looking  girl  with  big  eyes and  big  dreams and big ... ,  I was saying dreams what you all think is always , any boy will want her and thus she faced lot of irritating  boys in her  life you will came to know how many still sherry remain the one who can make her temperature risen from 0 to 100 degree Celsius in just second he is a good inducer of  heat for Darshana , Guys I am talking about  mental heat  only   ,  how and why she tolerate sherry may be God know or  it  may  be  possible that sherry has dealt  something with God as he is a believer of good ,  and  meeting power on a specific venue  from last 7 or 8 years  and hardcore vegetarian guy .
 
Now Darshana  has agreed to marry that boy  and  you will surprise to know that a girl start liking  sherry too  how these two crucial events "yes these are not said to be incidents because they have changed a lot with the story "  make an  impact  on the  both  lives lets see , 
There is  another  individual which change the entire story and her  name is" RiRinisha : who is she  Just another  beautiful girl and thus a  one  who got  impressed with sherry but what was the  direction of the impression on the PH  scale lets See ,
                                                                                                                                       Sherry is in office today  admission season is  going  on  apart  from  his  selling skills that  Sherry Colleague has used  he has also reached  the revenue targets yes  it  happens in many states now   where  teachers  too have the revenue targets  some of them are being able to achieve them or some remain to give interviews in  others  every time.
                                                                                           Now there is a fair , thin , and tall girl which caught sherrys eye on her and whats in  Sherrys mind yeah this girl will be the Miss Fresher this year  looks someone  from the   Tatya Topey Dynasty She seemed to be somewhat intelligent may be she had to face a hard time as marketing teachers like me are not liked by girls and that  I can see from many  years ,  So the whole process is completed and that  Thin , Tall girl with a  boy  like hairstyle which sherry always found to be appealing is asking to her brother when  I have to come to college  and  Sherry Pass by indicating  date and time be there  on  10.30 Sharp ,
                                                                Rinisha  took a look at sherry and  her  brother  too but as Mr.cool do not  care  he  just started talking to the  other  girls  who was addressing him as  "bhaiya"   the thought  then  come to  Rinisha's mind  Attitude what that fatty boy think of himself  and  who is he  and  Why  he  is  interested in  poking  his  nose when I am talking  to some another  guy . 
 
So what  people do when  the breed  "boss" call us  we  just  panic  and the only one thing  which strikes at that time in our mind is what the fuck what happened now So  same as Sherry but  his style was somewhat different  he enter the room thinking  now what the boss wants  is he giving  his entire  property  too me  even  I need  to smoke  now  ,  then he enters  and  saw that girl sitting  in  front of  the boss with those two  boys  one  colleague  and  her brother  , Sherry  just  look  at the entire  office  and  asked  what  happened boss ?  the boss  replied   meet her  she  is  Rinisha  she  is  also  joining the college  and She wanted to know how many  girls are there  as  she  know that there are  no  girls have  taken admission  this year  can  you tell  her  that  how many  girls   are  going  to study for upcoming two years  with  her and there  names, sherry  replied in  the  cabin  Do I put  everyone's name and  address in  my  pocket  and whats  in sherry's mind  is this girl a lesbian who asked this kind of questions or are  we  admitting  rapists  in the class that  she  is  afraid of and  then Rinisha realised that this guy who look like a  college going   boy  will be teaching her  and  is the  new  king   where  she  will study  how come it  happen  ???  even  sherry was  not  good at studies but  as  you  all know  "luck  can make anyone  and  love can make any two".
 
                                                                       Sherry is  sitting  in  his  office and a lady  came near to him  and  asked  Do you  know where  is the   Vice -Principals office   and sherry   tell her  to take a left  afterwards a  crowd  gathered and they all went  to the classroom  and  then  enter  sherry and that  Lady  who asked about the  principals office  said to the girl sitting  next to her  who is  this kid  and  he  is the only  one have come properly  dressed as a student of a business school and then the  next  girl replied he  is a  Teacher   What the Lady  said  is  he  a   teacher  this  kid  how older  is  he   ,   let  me ask  to  him and then  comes the fact that sherry was  27 and the  lady  is  of  36  too young  to  teach in college Mr,Sherry yes the  age  can but  the Skills are  too perfect  .    
 
                                                                                                So the class as we have introduced ourselves to each other  I will continue with the  discussion on  Managerial Economics ,  and thus sherry  took  the laptop  presentation  his  gelled hair and up-fold  sleeves  totally  shows  his aggressiveness and  interest into teaching  after  some time  a  crisp voice just  made him to look at the door  Sir May I come in ,  and  so you all know  She was  RiRinisha and the all boys  sitting  and the  one  standing  all looks at  her beautiful face  , sharp nose , and those sharp eyes covered so much  with a  Semi-Indian -western  attire  she  took a seat   and  that  loud and manly voice is which was sounding to make a relation with  home and the industry also made a relation with  RiRinisha's mind  and  at the end  sherry  as  always  end  the  discussion with some motivational( he have a lot of them )  and  ask for the feedback  .
 
 
 
Do  you  want  sherry to  do  some  adultery  here  too  Sherry  may be a guy  who have  lot of  friends with  girls  and those girls always remain just friends with him as they all feel that this guy  is just a next  casanova  who don't  have  anything to care but  for his  job yes  he is  a good guy  to do so  as  he  took teaching as a serious  profession and that  was  his  passion  which  may  exceeds  his passion for Angelina Jolie   sometimes Darshana too realise that  whenever   that fat guy is working  it  comes Arjuna's soul watching the birds eye .
 
 
one  day the  phone ranged I am alone and  afraid will you  talk to me  for   a  while??????????? ,  RiRinisha said to sherry  , sherry  thought  now what's that will people need  permission to talk to me and what she really wanted ,   after  some  talks  the horn  blows and  the conversation ends with the phrase " My Parents Came back I will call  you later " 
 
Why  she  called me  when her  parents are not there  and why she cut  down the phone what did she wants,  why  she want to hide that  she  was talking to me , may be she need a psychiatrist.

 
Hey  you  didn't wish me for exams ,   Why the scientists made technology  even they were  not  aware of the use   ,  today is Rinisha's first exam and she expected a wish from sherry  but as usual  he  didn't care  what's  going  on  , Rinisha wasn't  counted in  the  list  of his best  friends  and  the   approximately  girl  friends  
 
* Approx Girl : sherry coined this word for those girl  who took him as a spare boyfriend when their boy friend is not available and  they really want to share something .
 
 
 
 
Days has already passed and they become good friends Rinisha wants sherry to wish her luck but as always Mr. careless has forgotten and that made her little disappointed, and a thin body like paper masala dosa wrapped in a black cover just heard a laud laugh and that make her to see where that crashing sound comes and she look around her friend is here and talking to everyone .The disappointment had gone and the blush compliments her sharp nose and sharp eyes , with those messed up hair on a fairy doll the soul inside is thinking about her friend presence and slowly she moved.
It’s surprising sherry   your presence there you shocked me but   I felt happy that you really care , yes I care my friend so is everything alright hmmm ,,,,,,,,, Hey my close friend is coming to my home tomorrow I may not be able to meet you , friend who friend , why she is coming to your home , what she wants , can’t she go somewhere else , is she beautiful , you told that you are single then why she is coming to your home “replied Rinisha “  
Hey Hey took a Halt Dear she is a good friend of mine from many years yes   she looks good but   everything is at her   part not mine if she wants to be with me I will definitely say yes as we both understand each other   We are friends from last 10 years and never had an argument in between us this is the true friendship and an answer for the people who took a boy and   girl can never be friends as an universal truth .
She had some work so we will sit together for hours and enjoy   our talks and you know guys   always enjoy when a beautiful girl is sitting   next to them it’s   too cool when you both   your own   room and mom dad can’t hear   what you are talking   about and yes she is in a relationship and we are   just very good friends but   why   did it bother   you ???
Why did it   bother me means what   you are asking   , can’t I see her   selfishness she is using you why she spends so much time with you if she is in relationship with an another guy ? What   she really wants   .
See that guy know me really well and he know how much time me and his girlfriend spend together but   what’s the reason which make you angry on this   I and meena   are good friends so we talk a lot   and remain together what’s the issue in that
Do I look like a fool   to you sherry this is the same girl you told who doesn’t hesitate to wear small clothes in front of you as she trust you   is she or   not   . yes , sherry replied , why she trust only   you aren't there any other boys to trust and work for her she always used you and you didn’t understand it .
I argue with you because I really care I don’t like you to be used by   those selfish human being whenever they need make a call to sherry and sherry like a servant   is always ready to obey his mistress don’t you have brains or don’t you have the self respect ,   Sherry articulate his voice to more manly and replied I don’t care what her   boy friend thinks ,what did others thought I know only the fact when I was in the fix she helped me and I can’t be selfish in returning a favor. Then don’t talk to me keep with your meena the voice on the phone is supported by a music of tears  never call me you idiot never make a call to me from now .
 
 What now some else will suggest my friends ,  and  control me , this generation is too much possessive why she is not able to understand what meena had done for me and I can't leave her when she need what people think what RiRinisha thinks isn’t important and why she is making assumption as she havent met meena this is too much and  getting angry on a silly things  she would have eaten lot of chilli sauce in her childhood the heat exist still in her mind  , what will happen to Rinisha's husband when she will get married divorce in the first week...............................
 
 And come again after  a while 
 
 Darshana: hello how are you , tell me what’s going on at your side , Mr. Cool is looking busy
 Sherry: Ms Hottie is always busy and no news from many days .
Darshana: It’s not like that how come I remain busy for you , I was not good with health .And you know my internet its run as fast as a tortoise.
Sherry: sms
Darshana: I was trying to type some sms but it transferred to Urdu line of order.
Sherry: hehe.
Darshana: and from many days I was at my home just returned here on last Friday,
Sherry: k, what happened to you, are you interested in a job change it has been a year you are doing with the education industry? Hey you disappear again.
Darshana: I am cooking food to; I went for two days only and got sick so have to remain there for 20 days,
 Sherry: Laptop in Kitchen , Oh so the prince charming had make an visit is it so ?
Darshana: hahhahahahhahaahha, What a guess, you are too smart, I went for two days to meet the prince charming but have to go for hospitalization and therefore it changes into a multiplication of 10 .
Sherry: what did that guy did to you that make you to 20 days on a hospital bed??????
Darshana: take a pause for a while have to cook some chapatti.
Sherry: ok, so interested in a job change
: Darshana: no I will do something which is final, wait for sometime
Sherry: OK , let me know after your thought process comes to end there is a good opening at noida and its not a big brand insurance too .
Darshana: Where you lost aren’t you coming to a metro city . do you have any  aim in life ???????
Sherry: still in your service Madam , you do one thing just browse that job portal there are some good jobs for you if you want to relocate , So what did the guy said ???   No my passion is only teaching and  I will never  leave my city my  aim  is just enroll for doctorate in management  studies trying from last 2 years .
Darshana: he said yes.
Sherry: and what about you?
Darshana: hahahha , I put the ball in my parents court so when Mr,cool is planning to get married ,
Sherry: I will take time , I don’t know anything , want to grow some more in career , an asst professor in 27 years of age it looks like we are watching HUM LOG on a 3D Plasma screen.
Darshana: ok and what about your WIP when she is getting married , Career Its already set do you want more money to earn and then getting married .
 Sherry: Yes, I want to buy a car again my dad had sold the one we had , her marriage is postponed for some days I thought it was scheduled to be on the 3rd of this month
Darshana: ok
Sherry: and what’s WIP she had a boyfriend from many years and she love him a lot ,
 Darshana: FISH, I apologize for that hehe , don’t worry you will get a girl who will love you till that time you arrange a car for her ,
Sherry: hmm
Darshana: 
Sherry: Hey I want to tell you that there is a student in our college she always message me love you my sweet , love you my fatty boy
Darshana: Many of the boys from your batch get married this year.
Sherry: Yes, how many girls’ lives are destroyed hehe?
Darshana: hahahahahahahahaha, who is that girl
Sherry: I don’t know why she talks like that, did she like me as a friend as an elder brother or she has some other approach
Darshana: hahahaaah
Sherry: I clearly told her that how am I and what kind of guy I am
Darshana: Hehe No girl will say my sweet boy to her elder brother or friend then what she said
Sherry: she said that I want to tell you something but as I am elder than her she wouldn’t be saying any thing , then she said that I want a guy like you who loved me so much , why don’t you let me introduce to any of your cousin , I replied that I am the only option so she sad she don’t want any my kind of guy 

Darshana: but you are still one women  guy a good one who don’t cheat girls but directly asked them to do so . hehe
 Sherry: You know I am a semi-intact hehe .
: Darshana: but it doesn’t matter so much
Sherry: So doesn’t matter for you too ?? tell me when I can reach your place?
 Darshana: stop I don’t love you.
Sherry: even she doesn’t love me.
Darshana: Yes she does but she is afraid of something and that’s why she told like this.
Sherry: She is a student leave her , It happens .
 Darshana: Yes she does but slightly she is confused
Sherry: I told her yesterday that a friend of mine was saying that I am taking your advantage and we should not talk like this so she replied ok give me her number there is nothing like that this all is seed of your mind , You say more ?
Darshana: You will never get on the track sherry , hey I have to leave for a meeting so need to take a bath , bye for now . 
Sherry : ok , no problem will wait for the videos ,
Darshana : will you shut up now, bye  talk to you later .
And on that side  

8.30 that night , Is there anything good to eat , I do not eat something from last 27  years ..........................
(SMS on Mobile Phones ) Rinisha : - Where are you ?
Sherry: at home.
Rinisha : What are you doing  , do you have some time  for me?
Sherry: can you come out if you are  not doing anything .
Sherry : Out ?
Rinisha : - the shopping center near your home  I am there only  I thought you can check in here so I we can meet .
Sherry : Come to my home then  .
Rinisha : - No you come the mall , I cant talk to you in front of my uncle and aunt  just  come  here  and roam around I will see  you ,
Sherry : We will not talk , then why should come there ?
Rinisha : You did not want to show up .
Sherry : Its not like that  I just  came to home was outside 
Rinisha : there was no work when I asked you initially 
Sherry : Just came from the marketand need to change till that  time I can talk to you then  
Rinisha : You were telling the place is  only 5 minutes away from your home , so why cant you come 
Sherry : Yes , but I do not contemplate it .
Rinisha : come conditions, my foot  , the feelings of others that you do not care .
.Rinisha : Is there anything more than cracking jokes you can do  ?
Sherry : do I look like a clown to you  ,  you will see me and get happy .
Rinisha : ok then don’t show up and I will never ask you to meet .
Rinisha : Are you coming or not.
Sherry : No, I do not do any work ?
Rinisha : A while ago there was no work loses ?
Rinisha: leave it ,  next  time .

And  one  day  with the green lights blinking :-
Rinisha :-Hi Rinisha here .
Sherry :  Hello  ,how are you .
Rinisha :-  What are you doing  now  need to talk .
Sherry :  having dinner .
Rinisha :  dinner  while chatting  .
Sherry :  I am online even if  I am in bathroom  , .
Rinisha :- How much  I make you laugh  people say that  I am cute  and  very sweet  .
Sherry : good .
Rinisha :  What  good ,  cant you compliment me for the same 
Sherry thought  why  should  I  compliment  a  girl  is their anything  to do with  the  curricular activities 
Rinisha :-  Tell me  good things in me and  bad things in me .
Sherry  : nice hair  and  bad temper ( WTF  now I have to say all these  things I am more concerned about Darshana and for her  everything  is  fun )
Rinisha : ok  talk to you later  .
And again  -
Rinisha :- How you  talk to me on phone its  like you are scolding me cant you talk  with  affection. You make me disappointed .
Sherry :  When  did I scold  I was talking  uniformly fair .
(what  she needs now everytime she  have a complaint )
Rinisha : how much we felt angry  when the person whome we love a lot  is talking  to another one   .( happened in January 2012
Sherry :  yes same with me too I was just thinking that  , we should  not talk so much  I  have already  given  so much liberty  to you  that we became friends now  , whenever you need help in studies just  let me know  
Sherry : bye know .
Feb- 2011 
Rinisha : do you have black –shirt or  t shirt .
Sherry :  yes  I do , do you need one .
Rinisha :-  no  its  not  like that  .
Sherry :-  then why did you asked .
Rinisha :ahem  can you show up in  black t shirt  .
Sherry :  why  should  I ??  ( astrologer told me not to wear black) 
Rinisha : please  I just want  to see you  in black  , will be waiting  for you  .
Sherry :  but  I don’t  a physique to  be in a Tee,  all will laugh .
Rinisha :  I don’t know all that  you always  make  excuses .
Sherry : ok I will come wearing  shirt .
On the next  day  
Sherry : Why she came in a  black salwar kurta  ,  looking a diamond in a coal mine  black dress fair body  nice  but  why she told me  to do  .( and the mind said  stop thinking  your friend is waiting  at  your home )

 February season is going  on    

Rinisha : hi ,   can  you  bring  me some choclates .
Sherry :  choclates  for what  ?
Rinsha : because its valentines day  .
Sherry : then ask your friend why are you asking  me ,
Rinisha :  I thought  we are  friends , 
Sherry :  hmm  ok  I will bring  some .

The body builder with always  1 number less in any government  exams  came  to searching  sherry 

Rishabh : where were  you from many days no calls nothing  .
Sherry  : was busy in work .

Rishabh : dude  I helped to you work here , remember .
Sherry  :  yes  I know ,  now what  do  you want  .
Rishabh :  maggi    .
Sherry :  what  can  I do in that  .
Rishabh :  pay  for  it  I am  hungry , should I  buy  one or  two .
Sherry :  I have to  go somewhere  and then  we will move for it  .
Rishabh :  Where  are  you  going  lets move together  .look at  my  biceps .
Sherry :  I want  to  go alone  you cant come there .
Rishabh : but  I am  hungry  now   
Sherry: ok lets  go to a shop  take something  to eat  .
Rishabh  :  gift  pack  , don’t  need  to go somewhere  I will eat  this  why there  is no name  on that  .
Sherry : shut  up  you can eat  something  from a  gift  .
Rishabh : come on  who will come  to know  and  how come  you  have a girl friend  ..
Sherry :  no girlfriend  just  a friend .
Rishabh : don’t  try  to fool me out  who  is  she  .
Sherry : no one  just  a friend  .
Rishabh :  that  girl  doctor  ??  or that  one  who live near  your home  ,  or that  one  who we met  at the book store .
Sherry : shut  up no one  .
Rishabh :  ok  I had already  eaten one  now  you can go .

Thanks for the choclate  and that’s a  return  gift  (a toy imitating  the monkey  god )  I had bought two of them one  is  with my  brother  and  now  one is  with you he  will always help you whenever  you need and  we  will not  talk  now   I  will never  come  in front  of  you  , I want to say something  to  you but  I cant  so good bye  , I will not be  coming  online  and  just  close the door  of  everything  will never  come outside and  put  me behind the bars  no college  no outing  just  me  and  my  room  good bye  from now a message  form  Rinisha .

Sherry  replied : its  ok  if  you talk then  you will tell me what’s there  in your  mind  bet  in name of your mother .

Rinisha : ok 

And  some how  she  lost  then   the devil  woke  up and  asked  what  was there  what  do you want  to tell me  , tell me frankly  

Rinisha :  I was  thinking  about  future .
Sherry  : study  hard then  future will be yours  .
Rinisha :  you ediot  I was  thinking  about  future together  .
Sherry :   mine is already  set  just  got  promoted  last  month   and preparing  for  my  aim  so will go behind that .
Rinisha :  you  fool  from last  many  days  I was trying  to explain  you and  you donkey  you are  not able to  understand it  for  a single  while  ,  cant  you  understand  what  the  eyes  say  .
Sherry  : I  am not  an ophthalmologist  who can  see  myopia and  metropia  ,
Rinisha  :  fool  I am thing  about  yours and mine  future together  .
Sherry : what ..  what  what  .
Rinisha : nothing  I had already told  that  , and therefore we will never  meet  from now  and  we will never  talk   now goodbye  god bless .
Sherry : what  is that  love .
Rinisha : more than that  but there is  no end  of this relation  good bye  please don’t  try  to talk to me know .

I want a guy  who can make me fly  from this country , who not  really  he  should be  rich  but  I need  to  go outside this  city  this country  rinisha replied 

Sherry : give me  three months for that .
Rinisha : ok ,
After  three  months  :
Sherry  : three months  already  over  so you can be  move ahead .
Rinisha : what move  ahead   are  you playing  with my feelings  cant  you  try  more  ,  
Sherry : I already tried it  needs more money  and  the things  are  not  as much  easy  ,  
Rinisha : do I told  you that  I need money  I know  you are a single  son  why cant  we  go outside  in the country  itself ask  your mom   for the same  if they allow .
Sherry  : they already  allow that  and  I had  already told everything  about  you  so  you don’t worry  for them .
Sherry Hi how are you so got a new job try something for me too
Darshana Do I have to help you . hehe I know how good you are why don’t you try in some metro city there are enough opportunities for people like yours .
Sherry :Your work is too deal with that recruiters me also had a diploma in that you let me know if something comes in your way
Darshana OK, But we do only recruitments
Sherry So put me on that then
Darshana Do you know how to do programming java c++, c or oracle me?
Sherry No I know to play with minds only, I know how to sell and how to recruiter
Darshana You
Sherry What me?
Darshana you are crazy
Sherry What I did know
Darshana So what more
Sherry Just searching for a better job and all the life is already set.
Darshana Mine is playing acrobatics and you know why it is so.
Sherry don’t think so much on that, it was already written
Darshana Sometimes I feel that why It happens with me only,
Sherry It means that there is something good going to be happen with you,
Darshana I don’t feel so
Sherry Yes it happens you have scene me the most practical example
Darshana I am fed up of facing problems in life again and again just a new problem I know what the whole life had played with you but I am having a detestation with boys know , I hate boys ,
Sherry hehe .
Darshana Yes you can laugh what else someone can do
Sherry See when We start chatting ad our friendship was at initial stage I always told you that I don’t have a girl friend who loves me know now you can see Rinisha came and she love me a lot .
Darshana Its not all about to get love or not Its all about that why people betray, why do they say I love you when they don’t mean to do so why people betray why they betray sherry tell me ?
Sherry It’s a good thing that you can find in the initial stage what happened if you find that the person you marry start betraying you after you both have tied the knots , It would be more painful for you , you should thank God for this .
Darshana and apart from that I am getting tortured emotionally I cant be harsh to people I don’t know why I am like this you tell me is it my fault that people betray me because I am not able to be harsh with them or that if you expect something from a person you give them the right to stay in your life and control it and at the end they feel that they are better than us tell me sherry .
Sherry :Why don’t you talk to rinisha she have the ability to good very harsh as she love me a lot .
Darshana: Good, God bless you both.
Sherry: So what more you say
Darshana :What more I should say , Wait for a while just have to attend a call .
Sherry :This call took ages, did Mahesh Bhatt called you to discuss murder 2 story?
Darshana No I was just sitting silent
Sherry People who came on social sites and remain silent should be punished and I feel capital punishment is the right choice for them as they are insulting Mark .
Darshana Hehe , How come you get these thoughts who make me laugh at least .
Sherry This is something not come from the mind of Mr.cool this is something has to be understood if you logged in a chat site it means that you have to chat .
·
Darshana Hello how is you?
Sherry Hello so how was your day? & what’s going at your end? So where have. You been disappeared, be always in touch, you know I am concerned about you
Darshana Ohhh , So didn’t you found someone to make a fool today ?
Sherry even when I care for friends they have a complaint on that too.
Darshana Yes , but you I am not habitual of getting this friend like behavior from you .
Sherry : you know that  I am not a show off .

And  on the other  hand  
Rinisha  :  leave it  can we  just  be friends  ,   I just want to go outside this country  .
Sherry  :   that’s  cool  not  an issue.
Rinisha :   take me for a picnic .
Sherry :  ok will do that  .
Rinisha  :  do you have any white  Tee ?
Sherry : now what  ,  no I don’t have  one  and   I  thought  we  are  only  friends now  ,
Rinisha  : bought  one  new  and  come in  it  .

Darshana : so busy  nowdays  whats  going  on  and what  about  your ………….?
Sherry : leave she  can get  a good guy as  she wants  so  you just  take  care  of  yourself  and  be  aware of  me  can  I get  some more  pictures of  yours  I mean ……………..
Darshana : shut  up .

And then  ……….
Rinisha :  who will be in the office mom will go there  to collect  some documents  .
Sherry :  I don’t  know .
Rinisha :  but  you can tell me the people who will be there  .
Sherry : how come I know  who will be there .
Rinisha : ok  she will be there  at  4.00 PM.
Sherry :  ok .

Rinisha : why  you are  doing  as  such  .
Sherry :  what  did  I do know  .
Rinisha : why  you were  not  at the  office .
Sherry  :  because  even I am not  at the office I am getting  paid .
Rinisha : you  idiot  I  want my mother  to see you , you failed the plan  , 
Sherry : there  are  so many  photographs  already  available with you   and  I thought that  we are just  friends .
Rinisha : why  its  so  easy  for  people like you  to play  with feelings  of others  .
Sherry :  you told that  we are  just  friends  
Rinisha : but  I felt  jealous 
Sherry : what jealous 
Rinisha : when you are helping other  girls  to pass boy they get  your hand in there hands  .
Sherry : so what ……they are  friends like you  you did the same 
Rinisha : but I cant help that  out  I just realized that  how much I love  you at that  time  therefore I asked you to be present  at the office but  you didn’t  show up why  ypu are  like that  .
Sherry :  sorry  I didn’t  understand  and  if  you have amy plans  always  tell me directly  ,
Rinisha : now what  will I do .
Sherry  : do what  you want  .
Rinisha : can  I come to  your home  ,
Sherry  : welcome.
Rinisha : did you really  told your mom about  us ,
Sherry : yes  I did from  the time  you are  just  making  the way .
Rinisha  : ohk  I will come  but  I will come in western  dress because I am like that  only  I can cheat  anyone  ,
Sherry :  come   as you wish  we  are  more  liberal .
Rinisha : I am always  afraid of her  she looks more traditional we should be apart now .
Sherry :  its  not  like that .
Rinisha : you don’t  understand the values .
Sherry : how come you  understand what  she  wants  .

Rinisha : when  you are  going  out  of this  city   are  you playing  with  me  I cant trust  you  till the time you are  not  eaing the city  I will not  tell anything  to my  parents  remember  this  I cant  trust  you  .
Sherry :  on  28th  .

And  on  28th  :

Rinisha Hey  where  are   you  how many  girls  in the  office , I am afraid  first  time that  there  will be a  day  I  will loose you .
And on 30 :
Why  you came  back again  ,  asked Rinisha 
Sherry :  there  are  some  problems  with  my  family  so  I had to  come  here  again  .
Rinisha :  can  you  come to my  home  ,
Sherry  :  ok  will do that  
Rinisha : and leave this  city as early  as possible  you know  that it  wouldn’t  work out  if  you are  getting  late .(Rinisha crying )
Sherry : ok 
Rinisha :  hey  can  you  bring  your  mom  and  approach  now you already  gone to the city  but this is  for 6  months only  we will move more far .
Sherry : ok  I will  tell her to approach .
Rinisha : don’t tell bring her  to my  home .
Sherry : ok  
Rinisha :  (on phone ) hey  you know that there  is something that  can make you  happy  
Sherry  : what  .
Rinisha :  my  mother  likes you  , she asked me  about  you  and    to be realistic  I  just  restrict a little .
Sherry :  that’s  cool  .
Rinisha : hmmm.
Why you are denying for every boy we  proposed its  fun  for  you  ,  you  know  we have the responsibility don’t  you have any  manners  ,  and said the loud  voice of  Rinisha’s father  somehow there are  people  who we never thought of comes in  our  way  either  to guide us or either to remove us from their way ,
Rinisha : crying  I am  ready  for sherry  , 
Rinisha’s mother : but  when I told you earlier  you restricted its  not all about  you  we need to ask him also  
Rinisha : ask him then  ( and the mind what to ask that  guy is  ready on one leg  if you ask him for  today  he  will come naked) 
And everything got changed till
Rinisha’s mother : sherry  how are you  I searched a girl for you.
Sherry : yes its  ok  ( you didn’t she herself searched me )
Rinisha’s mother : so  can I talk to your parents .
Sherry : yes definitely  (if you wouldn’t they will )
 Rinisha’s mother  doubted what happened ans she scold her the same force is transferred to sherry .
Both the old ladies had a talk and the next  morning was the reason you all had wasted your time 
Rinisha’s mother :   Sorry sherry it  wouldn’t  be possible ,
Sherry : ok 
Rinisha  ( throush a usual SMS)  I hate you what ok cant you say anything to her , why I trusted you .
Sherry’s mother tried to convence Rinisha’s mother and then ….
Rinisha’s father : What that boy really wants , he has an on eye on  you .
Rinisha :  I want to marry him and you just have a small reason.
Rinisha’s father :  If you want then marry him but  I am not happy with this and ….


 
Rinisha   Ohh ,  so busy can’t send a single message
Sherry
I thought you were  busy   atteneded a meeting and now returning back  , taken a bus for that .
Rinisha
hmmm  Replying  from mobile ?
Sherryyes  I did that  FB Message  connect  so whenever  you send a message in chat it  comes to my mobile as a SMS
Rinisha
I am fed up of keeping  at  home arrange a job for me and Salma both so , that  no one creates an issue at  home
Sherry   Should I try in this town  ?
1Rinisha
How  can you ask like this you fool  they are not even allowing me alone to go for a distance of  3 KM how come they  allow  for  63  ,   try  in  the  main  market  here  only
\
Sherry OK  I will see  to   it   do one thing  ,  tell aunty that  I will  be  with  you  took you from home  then  travel with  you till  you   reach  your  desk  at the office  again  then  pick  you  from  office  and  drop  you  at the home  so easy  , what’s the issue  in that ,  tell aunty  that   Sherry  will be with  me  all the  time.

Rinisha  Nice  why  don’t  you  come to my  home and tell this ?
Sherry  So whats the  issue  in that  I will be  with  you 
Rinisha  So  come  ad  say  it  whay  are  you telling  this  to me  again and again 1
Sherry  Cool , I will arrange  an interview somewhere  and then I will tell her  not to worry  I will be with  Rinisha and  I will take care of her 
Rinisha  Come  at  my  place  today  evening
Sherry   Send  me  the  resume  I will put  at  every  office ,  then   I will took her  permission that  you want to see how  does  my   people  in my  office  work ,
Rinisha  I am  not  telling anything to her  ,  anything you want to communicate  you should do that ?
 
 
Sherry   Just  take her  to  my  home  for one then the  whole life  I will say everything the words will be yours  and  mouth  will  be mine 
Rinisha   How sweeet of you  ok 
Sherry
Hmm but  hurry  up  ,  try  to  generate some interest about  me  in her 
Rinisha
Then  all the  college  people  will say ohh whats that  doesnt she  can  find anyone else
 
 SherryHehe
Rinisha Some of my  friends will  took me as MAD
SherryAnd  some  will tease you  and   my colleagues will say  now  whats  that  and  we  will say everyone that  its  all arranged
     


Rinisha
Yes and  your  sister   whose tongue  moves like a scissor will not say anything  and  world is not  fool  everyone  will understand what was  that  all about 
 
SherryEven  she don’t  know  anything 
Rinisha  Go  to some  big  city ad  try  to get  a good  job  so  no one  can  everyone else  can keep mum .

Sherry   What  I just  make  a  little  less nowdays  too  .
Rinisha
What  do   you earn  so  much  I am asking about  you  dear 
Sherry
Yes   I do   just  a little bit  less  ,  and that  just  a little bit  is  too much  when  you compare  the  per capita  income  more than  that which you  just said
Rinisha Lier
Sherry Come  to my  office  and  ask
Rinisha Give me the  office  number
I was  sending you message to come home  with  your mom and   I sent it  to my friend
 
 
Sherry Tell him  that  you were  sending  it  to salma
Rinisha   Tell me the truth  how  much   ,  My friend was asking  that  have you left
Sherry   and  what  is  your  bothers   baby  doing  now ?
Rinisha She  is  drinking  milk  ,   now  you go and took some milk  too
Sherry   Should  I  come  to you 
 Rinisha   It  wouldn’t  come He he
     Sherry  No issues ,  you know I will make  the arrangement for it 
 
Rinisha  Shut  up
Sherry   Ok    I will message you when  after  reaching  home ,
       Rinisha: Hmm  I willl wait 
Sherry  Hello ,  whats  going  on 
Rinisha  Just  thinking  about  you
Sherry   That’s  good  so  what  were you  thinking  ?
Sherry   hmm
 
Rinisha:   Mumma  is  searching  a boy  for  me  she  ranged  my cousin  today   that how is  that  guy  he is in  government job  and  there  are  too many one  matrimonial  proposal  came  from  that  guy which  I told you who lives in australia  and  then  my  brothers  friend mumma  likes him very  much 
Sherry   and what about me she has already started herself and you fool denied      
Rinisha  I told  about you  too  ,  dad  scolded me and  was  asking that  why  I am  denying  everyboy and he shouted  so  with tears  in my eyes  I told  them to talk to you  for that  let  us  see what  will happen  and  she replied that’s its  ok  you are  ready  but  he  should be  ready too and  what  about them  which  cast are they  ?
 
Rinisha  I did  what  you want  let  me show  your  picture  I  want to see how does the  boy  looks .
Sherry   See in  your  heart  Darling 
Rinisha   Will you  stop kidding  now  send me  a picture and delete  all other  from your  profile  if  anyone see  that  from my  family  they  will totally  deny  on the first  sight  and  remember there is  no  “yes” till this time  she  also  like  the  other  guy  who just  visited  my  home   the  one  my  brothers  friend  , May be she  liked you for me  at the  first  place  but  it  seems  that  people  do mistakes  , How many  I left  for  you  people  from  US  ,  Learn  from me  how to  Love  what  I did  for  Love  I had broken  all my  dreams  from  which  I was  dreaming that  one day  after  my  marriage  I will leave  India  but   for  you  I  broke that  
Sherry  aksed  Rinisha  doesn’t  you  laughed when  your  mother  asked that  is  he   ready  Rinisha  replied  I  controlled .
This  was  the  time  Rinisha  and  Sherry  was  happy  as there  love  was taking the  final place but what  Rinisha  said  make  Sherry  to concern  with something  serious  that  Mr.cool  who tooks  everything  for granted  and  had never  seen  how  and  what is  responsibility  is  thinking  is that  the  girls  life  I am taking  with  me and  why  that  girl  love  me  so much  that  she is  there   to broke  her   all dreams  for  me , Is  it   so  Did  this  happen  really or just  hope  I am  not  playing  with her  happiness  and the  dream  of  her  live   did  she  really  love me  so  much  and  how  I got this  kind  of  love  what  are  the  feelings which  may  have realized that  getting  love  is  so  important  for  her that  she  forgot  her  dream  .

Sherry talks discuss this  all with Darshana again and  what  does  Darshana  thought :

What that  girl is trying  to she proposed  sherry  herself  sherry has left  his dream from  her  which  he  was  planning  from last three years  and  what that  girl  have  achieved till now  nothing  sherry  has  achieved  a  level  of  success which  a normal  guy  didn’t  achieve  in this  short  period of  time  and  he  left  that  everything  for that  girl  and  that  girls  is  showing  that  she  did  everything  for  him  hope  somehow  she  came  to know  that  My  friend  has left  his all  what  he  has done  from   last  three years  My  friend has left that  dream he was working  on  from many  days ,My friend has left  his passion  only  for her but  Sherry  will not tell this  to her  how  much  Sherry  love her I was  not  expecting  a guy  like  him who never  took anything  seriously  have taken that  girl  with  so  much importance in life  that  girl  is  too lucky  to have  Sherry  in  her  Life  .
Sherry  was  not  getting  any  updates  from Rinisha  and  that’s  why  he is  too much  worried    he  sent some  message  to  Rinisha  and  then  she replied  : I was cleaning  my room  ,  so  what happened  ahead  sherry  asked  and   Rinsiha  told that  I will not say  anything till the time you  doesn’t leave this place  I will go  for some another  guy  there  are  still some  more  people  waiting for me  and  I  will not disclose  anything  till the time you move  outside this  state  ,  I am not  coming  with my  mother  I cant  trust  you  what  if   you  deny afterwards  I cant  take  risk  .The guys  I left  for you  they are  also visiting  India  why  should  I marry  you  why  don’t  I say  yes   to them   and  don’t  wait  when  I am coming  to  your  home  ,  you are  making  me  angry  and If  I lost  my  mind  I will go  with  someone  else  and  you  now I can do  that  .
Why sherry  tolerate  her   so much  he  do  what Rinsha  say  We  have  seen  how  Sherry  behave  with  other  people  and  with that  Sexy  looking  girl  who  want one  on  one  to sherry ,we  have  seen    Mr,cool  stance when  he  reply to people  who try to be  more  smarter  than  him  as  he  don’t  care   but this  he is  totally in  love  and  you  all know love  makes  him  to  do  so  ,  this  girl wants sherry  to change  and  thus  sherry  accepted what she  wants .Even his  parents realize that the  girl love our  son  too much  and  she  should  get  what  she  want  so they  both can remain happy  sherry  has already lived a life in so called happening  placed but  he know that Rinisha has never  done  it  so  and  Rinisha  also dreamed about   that  life  and you all know life at sibaca lonavla is not for everyone its for those who are lucky enough .
 
Sherry was so much ready to live  rinshas dream by leaving  all his aspirations those he had already created somehow these  aspirations are  created automatically  because people like him sometimes achieve the hypersensitivity stage and that commitment which he has made with has love he wants  to fulfill it anyhow either by  living or leaving  he has to make that  shining  smile called as her love to remain forever
Rinsiha asked Sherry about why he is  not  leaving  and  what  his  parents  want from him  sherry  said the  whole story that  why  he  is at  a small place he cant say that  he  had  left something  he  want  as  what he  want  now is  just  Rinisha’s smile so replied that  after  marriage  my  parents will allow me to  go outside till that time they  are  concerned about my restrictions to bad habits .Rinisha  took  this as joke and  said  aren’t they aware that you are already not a good boy  and Smoke ,Drinks and  partying  with  so many is the only thing that deifines your  life  isn’t it  she aksed?  Rinsha asked  sherry  to send the his details and she can forward it to her family  what  happened  next  let  us  see 
 
    Rinisha  Hey are  you there  sherry  can  you  help me out  for something ,  you know I always thought of a boy  who looks  good who is having a very  good job  and  who  lives in a big  city  but  now  I thought  that  will I be happy  with  you ,  Do , I am doing the right  thing  in Love  there  is  a  lack of  happiness for me  when  I think that  one day we it  is possible that  I will be  married to you , I am not  happy to accept this  fact  .

Sherry  returned home form  office thinking  what  that  was  Is the talks  with  Rinisha  is  to    realize that  she  don’t  love  me know  or  she  just  want to recheck  that  did  how much  she  matter  for  me  so much  of  office  work  has already taken  my  mental peace  but  what  to do know  If I leave her she may think that  I don’t want  her  and  other  things are  more  important than her in  my  life and  it may  also  be  possible that she was thinking  to check me that  what I was doing  is  not   what  I  want  to do  but  I am doing  her  for  her sake only and  to make only her happy ,  would be  someday  I can make her understand all the things  she has just passed her  teenage age and haven’t seen the life  and  I cant play with her  dreams too hope  this  cigarette may  reduce some of the worries .


 Sherry  came home  he was late  Rinsiha  was worried about sherry and they both go to there  bed  , yeah  individually 
 
Its  night   02:47  AM  
Rinisha
I don’t want a  fair looking guy I want a guy who is wheatish , I don’t want a rich guy I want a guy who is same as middle class as  am I  , I want to love in a big city but that too  with the boys  parents  and  I want a guy who loves me a lot  overall  I have taken  my  decision now  I want  to marry you and there  will be no further  confusion 
                                                                  AT 02:49
Sherry  So  come  at  my  place  dear  and sherry replied to that SMS 
Rinisha : huh  Go to sleep 
Sherry  Hey   where  are  you  from many days  why   your  phone  was  switched off .
Rinisha  What  do  you want  ?
Sherry   Why there  is no call  from  your  home  I was expecting  a one 
Rinisha Mumma wouldnt  call , she will make it  after  sometime 
Sherry   Is there any hope for  something positive ?  What makes you happy ?
      Rinisha  I don’t  know anything  if  my  mother  is  happy  my  happiness doesn’t  matter  and  I don’t  want  to talk to  you  don’t  make my brains fed up , get off 
Rinisha :  Where  are  you  ,  always  I can  found  you on FB
Sherry   :  have  to work  on something    some designs  therefore  got  late  ok  I will message  you after  reaching  home   
Rinisha  People haven’t reached at home  till yet
Sherry   Just  reached heavy rains .
Rinisha  hope  you didnt  melt down
      Sherry  Will  reach your bathroom at the first instance  if I melt
Rinisha  Why don’t  you shut up .
Sherry  ok  ,  so   did  you done the phone recharge  with that   number  I sent  to you 
Rinisha  Hmmm,   you fool  you  bought airtel  on reliance place now you will say that I was not able to see  I am  feeling  sleepy  now  good  night  ,
Sherry  good night 
Rinisha  I am sorry  sometimes I cross the limits when I speak .
Sherry   I didn’t thought that it  also happen  I love you
Rinisha  How many times I have to tell you don’t message me like this on FB
      Sherry   Take a chill pill I will take care from now .
Rinisha  you can  say  thanks to people who wished you on your birthday

The  talks and chats  just  going  on through  one  day  Rinsha  said  sherry that  she  don’t want  to marry him why so  because   Why ?   Rinisha  should  Marry sherry  what Rinisha  will get  just  love there are  still better  boy  with  better  jobs  who are  richer  and  who looks  better than  sherry  why  sherry  loved  Rinisha  because he has  no one to lobe there  for  sherry  started loving  her . Why should  sherry  face all that as he  has stick to his  commitments to love and  did everything  for  Rinisha  ,  Rinisha replied even  a beggar  can  love  her  she had already  faced a lot of challenges in her  life  whenever she wants to buy a  number  of dress she had to compromise because  they need t support  his brother studies , both of the sisters have done a lot for their brother and they still facing the same  and  to love  noone  need skills ,  and because no girl  will like marry to boy  like sherry  and thus  she  is  just  doing a favour  to  him and  sherry should Owe  what  Rishina’s have gave her  giving  her valuable time to her. 
 
Rinisha brother and sister  have told her  that  she  can get  a good boy than sherry and if she still marry with sherry  people will make comment on her that  she is a  fool and  thus she  would be jealouse of other girls in the family  which may result in her divorce  now there  comes the whole family in the eyes of sherry what Rinisha didn’t want to do is that she cant say  she  love  him and tere  raise a  quesyion in sherry  mind  “why do People Say I love You When they Don’t Mean to Do So “
This makes our Mr. Cool   sosmewhat changed  and  how thus he  change  have a look
Sherry
When I was  asking that what  life  meant  for you what  you really want you always said that  you don’t  have any attraction for wealth and at the end you sold yourself for the same , I will always pray from god  that this girl should not get happiness anyhow ,  bye  and  I will be the happiest  person on that day when  both of your brother  and mother will spit on you when they came to know  that they have a girl which can sell her  love for money  , This is what  your  have learned  from  your childhood ,  and  sherry  lost  his  senses  and  keep on messaging  to  Rinisha  ,  She  on the   other  side had already  broken  his  mobile phone sim card  so all the angerness of  sherry  is just  blowing in the  aiar  away  and  reaching  the  universe.
  
 Rinisha
Good evening  sir  I am sorry , I admit that what  all  happened it was my  mistake but the words you used make me hate myself  and then I realize the people who want to say that will say  . We have just  talked so there  is no  issue  of insult  of your  parents  anyhow  and  this is a fake account  I have already deleted the older  one and  just  replied to you cane we be friends but this time  our  friendship  will  be somewhat  else  We will never  talk directly and weI will not ask for any help from you  ,  therefore was a time you made your life hell for a girl she is married now and that will again happen afater somedays I will also get married to some one  even If you commit suicide I will feel guilty for one or two days and then after everthing will be normal the people who suffer most will be your parents  .you should also learn to live for your parents ,I try to control  my mind but still I want to be friends with you please do not reply to this mesaage or it will make me more irritated and  angry  and it may result  in destruction of the feeling for a friend too Bye .
 
      Rinisha    So liked Kunikas Picture  you both will look awesome together
Sherry  what to be look good in picture , but reality is with you and me.
Rinisha May be me 
Sherry  I know  its  you 
Rinisha   No its  not  like so , It  may be me.
Sherry    It  will be you only  don’t  worry about that
Rinisha   and  if  we  dont  be  together  then what  what  will you do then ?
Sherry   then  we Will become  friends to each other  what can we do apart from that ?
Rinisha  Its  not so easy  to be friends with the one who you loved ?
Sherry   but  we are alreday friends  even if  we mary we wiil be best of friends then
      Rinisha  I want to ask you something  hope you will say the truth  will you ????
Sherry  Yes  you can ask anything 
Rinisha Have you said at  your home that  my  family has denied the relation .
Sherry Yes  I told everything  as you said they pick it  lightly
 
 
Rinisha
I was not  kidding again you took it  in the wrong  way I just made me doing misdeed at place of my father so all of your anger  will flourish on me and that was I expected from you and that I got .
       Sherry  Even If you say that he doesn’t want  us to unite  I will not  took it in  negative way he is your father he have the right to do so and whatever  e  does it will be the best  for you.
Rinisha  Did doctor  really told you stay apart from people
Sherry Yes he  said  to took mental rest  When  someone  hurt’s my  feelings it  induces the “chemical locha”   thoughts cant  be reduced by sleep  just  taking  help of sedative nowdays ,
Rinisha  What  Kind of disease  is  this  ? Which needs Cigrettes and alcohol to treat?
       Sherry
You have never been reside alone  earlier  you have the people so the feelings on the mind you share with them and your brain becomes free,  the people  who don’t have sibling don’t have anyone them to share the same and thus the load of feelings on the brain goes too much that creates the hypersensitivity in them ,  smoking or drinking alcohol  makes  the brain doesn’t think of that  repetitive feeling  inducer to work and thus it  makes the brain rest for a while .
Rinisha
Even  I live with so many people but  I am not so close to anyone even I haven’t found a single close fried till now , therefore I live alone in my room I keep my feelings  with in my  mind only .
Sherry
Ask  your cousin who studies with me there  are some friends who always remain with me because I used to loose my  temper in 100th part of a second and that  too is without  any limits .I have cut my  had from a dissection blade 40 times because there was no food of my  liking  on that  day   Close  friend ????  Am  I am  not  close to you or  we are not friends
Rinisha
I am getting afraid of you know
     Sherry   But  I do love more with extereme .
 
 
    Sherry thought that  how much  that girl  loved hif father she want to face everything but can’t  made her  father  bad in anyones eye , and Sherry  compare  how was he  he  just  have  a  zero concern about  anyone  either the parents are  some people whome he live with and who give him permissions more than that  he  was doing what he wants to do , and thus he realize the girl who can be bad so her lover can’t  suffer her  memoirs and can get a new girl will love him boundless and that everyone looks in his or her better half .
Rinisha
My sister  will be  visiting  my  home and  she will try to convince my  father  ,  it  may be possible that he should say yes so  I want to ask  one thing  will you tell me the truth  ?
Sherry    Yes you can?
Rinisha what about  job  then  will you  relocate  to  some  other  city ?
       Sherry   Will you take  your whole that  drama  of  money and  othere  benefots  in concern 
Rinisha  What  happened has already  happened 
And  agaian there  is something  for sherry to get his love done they both started talking  again to each other  but this time the talks didn’t have that love factor and the funny  approach  somehow  Mr,cool has already changed hie behaviour concerning about  friends Darshana and  Rishabh are the only one whome he talks to .
Rinisha  asked some sensible question to sherry about his deeds in family. Good questions Rinisha but the wromg person to ask who will care for family who  only talks for food and monitary matters but  you are the lucky that made a god impression at this home  as you are the hot news and the showstopper  between those three . Rinisha asked ,  So when  you made your  family happy ,  when you make them ashamed and when you make them proud  ,  now what she felt thus the persons who are the seeds of a plant like sherry will concern about  anything the immediate response if we ask this from sherry’s parents they say , Now whats that  we haven’t thought till now  and  when he makes happy at least he said that he love Rinisha otherwise we were thinking  to visit a dcctor from him so many girls were his friends and no single complaint of any eve tease behaviour  that was the only thing we are concern of as he is not good with the studies too we always thought of Why so ?
 
Rinisha I want to be a model when  I was a baby then may parents  say no to that then after  I want to be an airhostess ( now everygirl I meet sometime wants to be an airhostess and fly high , does it make a difffrece better to be a nurse and help other people , Sorry Piyusha no personal offence to you  and alok  I do have cousins to but most of them exists with  the same surname ) and then I wat to an fashion desgining course from an other city but my  mother denied that why I have taken life sciences as a study stream just beause my friend took that .
 
And  why did Sherry did the life sciences because he was much concerned with society and morals  you wouldn’t believe that  but somehow he was may his visits to doctors and the  basic rule of triganometery that sherry wouldn’t be able to solve that have induces this behavioral societal feeling in him so he can also cover the fact that Maths yes it was too much difficult .
     Sherry  Even  I thought the same don’t worry  do anything what you want behave  like a teenager  and a new life whenever  you are  with me  you can do what you want  go for Mrs India contest I will not say no Its  your life  you have to live it make your dream come true.
Rinisha  Not  now  I don’t  want anything  to now  what  I want  is just peace , I want to live my life  with peace now .
      Rinisha   Why  we  have to face  so  many  tensions  in life I am not able to tolerate this pressure  I can’t  tolerate this 
      Sherry  What  happened to you know ?
Rinisha
One  side I have my father who say that  he  don’t want an alliance to other Brahmins and other side the crazy one like you that  if  you don’t marry , I will do that or I will do so  and in between both of you  I am pressed and don’t put an assumption that he will say yes because we had and hot discussion today my brother indicated to be silent and thus I keep mum .
Sherry   but  why you  put  a discussion  ahead  cant you took the meeting in the light mood and keep requesting ?
Rinisha I had already requested a lot and then after I start ostinating .
      Sherry  but  you shouldn’t behave like this to elders what you told tell me
Rinisha  I said it is not something that is a big concern and I want to marry .
1
Sherry  but  you shouldnt behave like that you have to take your voice pitch in the requested tone you know anger  will always reflect anger
18:37
Rinisha I said like this only but he replied that  I am blackmailing him and if you want to do , do as you desire but dont expect me to be happy with this now  you both are apart  and I am in the middle lets see who wins at the end  I will loose , I f yes then I will not be able to match my eyes to dad if no I can match eyes with you . When you left for temple yesterday  Mom came inside my room I was crying and she said to stop crying what is written in fate will happen anyhow even if I do any kind of convencing
Rinisha Listen  I will not  be able to chat you dad is  going with the cell now  and  it will took time when he returned and then  I will be  busy
        Sherry   Ok  why  don’t  you bring  a new sim card  ?
 
Rinisha
I told them to bring one  but they didn’t ?ok bbye and don’t reply  I will not see to it .
                                               1 November 2012
Rinisha Hey Listen  when  you will be free tomorrow  I said my sister  to meet you once and  I tried to convince my dad too but  he still denied ,
       Sherry  No issues  in that  why  you are taking worry
Rinisha Whome I should make happy  you or dad ?
Sherry   your dad obiviously
Rinisha  and what about you I don’t want to hurt you too ?
Sherry Why you have to worry about me  ?
Rinisha  I dont have any answer  for the same both of your happines are  not comparable for me , I had never hurt anyone in my life and I don’t care about my happiness I am happy when other  are happy and now I have to choose only one on both the sides I will get defeat  , No issues is just you are saying that to keep me happy but  you are not meeting anyone from last 7 days because of me  I hurt someone and his family  ts all because of me  why didn’t you  scolded me whenever  I was saying bad for your mother  I don’t have the right to say that but you just ignored what I was saying  can I say sorry  to her .My brother has given me this Id may be he had read all the messages when I was chatting to you he came and  said  for others happiness and  he then left  .
Rinisha
Listen to that Jism2 song  abhi abhi  it is  nice very nice , I like listening songs in night  mostly sad  songs and  ghazals  and that your so called sister she is idiot ,stupid , mad but  the only thing that she is good is she wants to be like you and I don’t deserve you ,you know one marriage proposal has come the boy is a film actor in south but he is 30 and I am 23 , Hey my brother in Law had called may be he need to speak to my sister  lets talk later .
 
 
Rinisha I am betraying you
       Sherry  Why so ?
Rinisha  Because I am not able to convince dad .
1Sherry So how come you betrayed me by this
 Rinisha Yes I did I felt so. 
Sherry   and then they are apart from that day. There was a marriage proposal for sherry and he stand up from in between he told everyone about the truth and his mother  asked what he really wants  for .

Time crossed things  crossed sherry remain in the house for many days  for  4 months he haven’t talked to a single person except the guy selling cigarettes , the owner of  two shops  that  guy is always concerned about his workers and taking suggestion from sherry .

Clock and the gate open  the house  has 3 bathrooms 5 rooms one kitchen  and  only  3 people  out  of the  three  one  is the representation of beauty and mind   post graduated in 3 subjects in  70’s when a  girl  is not able to complete her schooling with  sharp beautiful looks the lady had grown old now  her husband already made her son dusky  her son and  husband both most of the time remain outside and she had already cut off her  teaching  .

Hello I am rinisha’s mother ,I just  came  to  say sorry and she bow down  as royals do  ,  I had already told you that this is not  possible but as your request  I tried and everyone got  angry  on me  my  elders  every one  .
Sherry’s mother : hey  your  husband is with you why  he left .
Rinisha’s mother :  I don’t  know , he said that I should make apology  to you .
Sherry ‘s mother : apologies for what , you don’t need to apologies .(sometimes daughter is confused sometimes mother is confused ) Sherry has already told us . So there is no need to worry .
Rinisha’s mother :  but they moved to much further  that I came to know .
Sherry’s mother : Yes  I know that too, Sherry told me all the things .(if you came to know that how much they move further you will beat him )
Rinisha’s mother : you know my daughter is very understanding she cant go far then her limits she cant go against her father .
Sherry’s mother :  yes I know ,she is good .( If she had alredy insulted us her  sister has already made so much good comments she is very understanding hope you can teach her  how to be honest , Brahmins dishonest how come )
Rinisha’s mother : ok  allow me to move then .

How the hell she can do that  , what the hell her sister  made said so  and what were you doing at that time when she is at  your home where were  you  said  Runjhun ,  sherry’s  sister  non sibling blood relations are not strong till the time they are not supported by affection and when conditions are added to those they become strongest there are lot many of  siblings who aren’t able to tell each other what they have in there mind but there are  non siblings attached to each other with more love .

Sherry  : Was at home and your  aunty told all the things after a year  she don’t want that girl to get insulted or to be said to be responsible  for anything .

 Runjhun:  A revenge is a revenge give me the numbers they should know how they behaved and to whom  .

Sherry :  its  not  like that  may be Rinisha’s sister don’t want her to face the same things as she is facing  in her life .
Runjhun : what she faced .
Sherry :  so it is possible that everyone is making her joke that she is good looking and she can get a good husband but she is with that guy and to make her parents happy she behave like she is happy , and she don’t want the same thing happening to her sister .
Runjhun : shut up , she doesn’t proposed that guy .
Sherry : but 
Runjhun : but what brother there is nothing like that if she can say like that to my brother she will get  punished for that she don’t have right to  do what they did and what  about that girl what she was doing there remain silent , if she had done already a lot time pass she don’t have the right to say anything to my  uncle aunty by sending her parents let  us make everything  know.

Sherry was standing again at the shop and smoking  he look around and a little girl  came to him  that little girl wants some chocolates ,  a  3-4  year  kindergarten angel packed in  red and  yellow dress  looks  awesome  and with her  stuttering sweet baby voice she asked sherry to pick her up so she can bought one  for  her  . Sherry throw his made in Indonesia brand cigarettes that is  enough  for  4 person  to smoke and a  single sherry is needed to make it in ashes took her in his hands and get her the one and  give her a one from his side  but when her father came she in seconds moved to her dad’s lap and  there sherry realize that a girl life is full of challenges and relations , a father  brought up a girl just to say bye and if  that time if a girl restrict it will be in her heart always that she say no to a person who is with her from the day when she wasn’t born   a boy life is easy because always they will be there at their home they do not  need to change their surnames either .
And the feeling of revenge when is mixed with love is the strongest it change people  it change their reality and what they really are  sherry is full of hatred now and the things are still going with the feelings not sure  Rinisha is getting married to a boy who is still searching girls on matrimonial websites and that is too cheap .Some how Rinisha’s brother in law is able to read the book and realize that her wife is not happy with him its just what she did for sake of her parents and is happy with  his  new born baby 

Words are very easy to speak and  things are easy to write but when they hurt they seed a feeling of revenge . A sorry is just a word which will not change anything and what sherry thinks may be real or may be unrealistic and somehow everyone would have been very happy if  he could come out of that  virtual world .
When rinisha’s sister  told her that everyone will laugh at sherry he  thought that she is taking a revenge from rinisha because she haven’t got her love and she don’t want rinisha to get the same as from childhood rinisha get all the things which her sister haven’t enjoyed ,
But everyone is free to think  if  Rinisha would have said truth everything will be remain same and all would be happy 
Same happened with  Darshana her parents deny for her new boyfriend and Darshana just said ok but with the  truth  so  the whole  thing is the answer  who was the right one  in all of the four :-
Darshana who can talk anything to a boy like sherry will she disclose that she is the girl in this book whenever she is getting married in words of sherry  she can ask for divorce in a better way .
Or Rinisha who put her all happiness apart when her parents come in between 
Or  Rinisha’s sister : who acts happy in front of everyone because she wants her parents don’t feel bad for what they did to her .

Or  Sherry  a guy who took  revenge by writing a book don’t worry about Darshana he had already taken permission from her , a guy whose life ends n three words booze, sports, smoke, 
Or Runjhun : When it  comes to her brother  she is not able to restrict  her  anger  and  put  it all across 
There wasn’t a  sorry or a  reply  from rinisha’s family  after they came to know the truth  either they know it  or rinisha was able to hide it again is  unknown  are they her parents are very ashamed that they don’t want to talk or they have just ignored the truth .
Sherry’s life is going as was going but this time girls are not  in the list he has moved his concentration to  spirituality and other means  he keep himself busy in work .
And  you  all the readers  who had already  given so much time has tolerate so much of grammatical mistakes and did so much of  pre decision behavior can you answer me the only one question  :----Why do people say I love you , When they don’t mean to do So ?



· 
















 	






