Wicked Passions
Introduction
May 1871
Lady Amelia Southerton sat on the edge of her cousin’s four post bed swinging her legs wildly as her cousin, Christine Winthrope danced about the room reliving the previous night’s events.  Amelia was only sixteen while Christine was eighteen.  Last night the ladies attended a ball at Almacks. While the dance was exciting, Amelia did not enjoy herself nearly as much as Christine.
“I’m so glad your father allowed you to come out early, Amelia.” Christine breathed.  “Last year was such a bore without you.”  
Amelia did not share her cousin’s exuberance with the London Social Season. She found all the rules to be overwhelming and stifling. Her Aunt, Lady Beatrice Winthrope, spent most of the evening loudly correcting the sixteen-year-old. The young girl picked up the pink blanket from her cousin’s bed.  Everything in the room was a shade of pink, Christine’s favorite color since childhood.  Amelia wrapped the blanket around her and got up from the bed, swaying to the imaginary music Christine was dancing to.  She glanced in Christine’s full-length mirror and wrinkled her nose.  The pink did not go well with Amelia’s flame-colored hair and green eyes.  The blanket trailed on the floor and Amelia tried harder to wrap the blanket around her; all the extra fabric made Amelia look chubby instead of accentuating her curvy body.
“You danced divinely.” Amelia smiled as Christine continued to whirl around the pink room.  Amelia secretly long to be tall and slender like her cousin.  Christine’s light brown locks hung straight down her back, flowing ever so slightly as Christine spun.  Her eyes were closed as she turned herself right into one of the bedposts.  Amelia giggled.
“I’m clumsy,” Christine grunted.
“No, not badly.” Amelia protested.
“It’s true.  Mother always says it.” She frowned.  Instantly the girl’s smile brightened.  “Did I tell you about Lord Fredrick Denton?”  She asked her cousin.
“Yes, on the ride home. And you went on and on about him before you fell asleep.”  Amelia smiled.
“He’s so tall and handsome, a little taller than me.  It’s so nice to meet a man taller than me.” Christine grinned.  “He loves books and horticulture, and I think I’m in love.” The older girl breathed.  “He comes from a very respectable family and his mother wants him to marry quickly and give her many grandbabies.”
“Isn’t he older than you?”  Amelia asked.
“By a few years.”  Christine smiled
A soft knock was heard at the door.  The girls admitted the maid.  The servant’s head was cast down and from what they could see, she was wearing a solemn expression on her face.
“Miss Amelia, your presence is required in your Uncle’s office.”
“Whatever for?  Uncle Charles has never allowed me in his office before.”  Amelia asked. 
“I was informed to bring you down immediately.” The maid said standing aside so Amelia could follow her out the door.
Amelia dressed quickly and followed the solemnly faced maid to her Uncle’s downstairs office walking down the hall on the worn carpets.  The maid knocked on the door, opened it and stood aside to allow Amelia to enter.  Her uncle sat behind his large mahogany desk.  The room was sparsely furnished, containing the desk, two old wooden mismatched chairs and a fire place.  The drapes were blue with gold piping and full of moth holes.  They had been opened to allow light, but it only allowed a person to see how badly the room and furnishings needed repairs.  Charles’ light brown hair was receding, and his face was thin.  His grey eyes were surrounded by puffy sallow skin showing signs of excess drink and little sleep.  In his hands was a letter with her father’s solicitor’s seal.  Her Aunt Beatrice stood beside him.  Her green eyes were red, rimmed and slightly puffy as well.  The woman must not have had a chance to dress either, Beatrice’s auburn hair was still hanging loosely instead of wrapped in one of her intricate designs.  Normally, Lady Winthrope would never leave her chambers without being dressed in her finery.  The faint lines of age showed heavily around her eyes and mouth.  Amelia glanced around the room and her eyes landed on her uncle’s cold features.
“Oh Amelia,” Beatrice said as she flew across the room and hugged her niece.  Beatrice sobbed on Amelia’s shoulder. “It’s your father.” She continued.   Amelia stood rigid and confused.  Her Aunt rarely showed affection of any kind and Beatrice was openly sobbing.
“I don’t understand.” Amelia said.  “What’s wrong with my father?”
“He’s dead.” Sniffed Beatrice. “There was an accident in his warehouse.  He was in his office when there was a fire. He was trying to get employees out to safety, but he didn’t make it out of the building himself.”
Amelia felt her knees buckle and her head started spinning.  This isn’t possible she thought.  Her father was a strong man.
“Of course, we will notify your brother George in America,” Her Uncle said coldly “but who knows how long it will take for him to get the message.”  Her brother was in the United States.  He had an investment with a steel company and decided to travel there personally to oversee operations.
“No,” Amelia said. “My father is not dead.”
“I assure you,” her uncle continued callously.  “Your father died in an accident. Here is the letter from his solicitor.”  Her uncle Charles handed her the letter.
Amelia clutched the letter and tried to read it.  Her eyes drifted over the words on the paper over and over not understanding what she read.  She looked up at her aunt and uncle’s faces.  Her head continued to spin and the room joined along.  Her aunt and the solemn faced maid were on either side of her, holding onto her arms.  The letter was on the floor.  The maid and Beatrice helped Amelia into one of the worn chairs.  Her body was shaking uncontrollably as tears rolled down her face.
“But he was so strong and healthy.  Father could do anything.  No, it’s just not possible.”  She said shaking her head no.
“It is all in the letter.  You read it yourself.” Charles said pointing to the letter on the floor.  He sniffed indifferently never looking at Amelia.  
Amelia trembled.  She could not understand how her uncle could speak so callously to her.   Her father was always there to take care of Charles’ problems. How could her uncle be so cruel? “Mistakes are made, Uncle Charles.  Perhaps it was someone else that died, not my father.”  Amelia sniveled, her hands still shaking.
“No, there was not a mistake.  Your father is dead and that is that.”  Her uncle spoke to her like she was a misbehaving child.
“Georgie, I need Georgie.”  Amelia cried.  She placed both hands over her face, tears shedding uncontrollably.  Her brother had been the one to comfort her after their mother had died and she felt like she needed him to lean on again.  George and her father were her rocks to lean on.  With her father dead and her brother miles away, Amelia felt as if the ground beneath her was crumbling.
“We already sent a letter to George,” Charles continued, “but it could take months for correspondence to reach him.  And with your father’s finances and estate to handle in George’s absence….”
Amelia cut him off. “Estate and finances?” She hissed.  Amelia jumped out of her seat and ran up to his desk, clutching the edge with her left hand.  Amelia pointed her right index finger in his swollen face.  “You dare talk to me about money at a time like this?” The staff spoke freely about her uncle’s gambling habit and the Winthrope family’s desperate need for money.  She overheard a few snippy comments about her cousin’s family finances at the dance the night before.  Everyone seemed to know that Charles was out late many nights in his gentlemen’s club.  She knew why her uncle was concerned about finances; her aunt and uncle would not have access to any of her father’s estate without speaking to her brother first.  They had frequently borrowed money from her father and never repaid. That is why her father had expected Beatrice to take Amelia out into society this season since it was the very least she could do.
“Amelia,” her uncle said sternly, he pushed himself out of Amelia’s reach.  “I am not concerned with finances, but as of right now you are in our care until your brother claims you. And I do not know how long that will take.  Other than your dowry, your father did not have anything saved aside to care for you, that burden now…”
This time Beatrice interrupted her husband.  She placed her hands lightly on Amelia’s shoulders and drew her away from the desk. “What your uncle means to say is that you are our responsibility now and sacrifices must be made while you are in our care.  Sara,” Beatrice snapped her fingers at the solemn faced maid, her tone had changed when she spoke to her servant, “take my niece back upstairs and let my daughter know that this evening’s activities have been cancelled.”
Beatrice waited for the maid and Amelia to leave the room. “You idiot,” she hissed.  “You almost told her everything.  She does not need to know we are destitute.” 
“You are dramatic as always, Beatrice.  We are not destitute. We just have a small shortage of funds, and I was not about to tell anything to that girl.”  He rolled his eyes at his wife’s theatrics.  Unfortunately for Charles, he did not seem to have a grasp on how desperate their situation was.  “Do you have George’s letter from the solicitor?”
“Yes” she said with a grin.  The Southerton solicitor had stopped by the Winthrope townhome that morning.  Beatrice said that she would send George’s letter to him herself.  She had insisted that a letter like that would be better coming from family.  She held the letter with the red stain from a wax seal that had been carefully removed.  Beatrice tossed the letter in the fireplace, and a duplicate letter sat on the desk.  This one stated that Amelia and her father died in the fire.  Charles opened his top right desk drawer and pulled out the solicitor’s wax seal.
“Some more melted wax should fix that.” She said pointing to the seal.  “With the stipend, we received to care for Amelia we should be good.”  Beatrice continued. “I plan on writing to George in a few weeks to see if he would grant us the money and property that would have been for Amelia’s dowry to help increase the size of Christine’s dowry of course.” She smiled.
“Of course.” Charles agreed.  “This is what happens when people like us work.  I told you your brother was a fool for running his own company.”  Charles spoke shaking his head.  A faint crewel smile painted his lips. “The stipend for Amelia’s care will only last until she turns eighteen.  What will we do then?  Amelia will have no dowry or money.”
“Leave that to me.” Said Beatrice, she had everything planned.
	











Chapter 1
February 1875		
Amelia woke before dawn and dressed in the dark as she had done for the past four years.  No candle or oil lamps were afforded to her.  “Sacrifices must be made”, one of her aunt’s most used phase rung in her ears daily.  Doing her best to not make any noise, Amelia gathered her tattered work uniform and dressed herself. After years of meager meals, the once tight uniform now hung on the girl.  Amelia braided her hair quickly, headed out the door to start her morning chores and bumped into a small desk.
“Damn it.” She hissed.
“Amelia, you know that desk is there.” The voice of her sleepy roommate spoke to her.
“Yes, ma’am, I know the desk is there.” Amelia replied.
“Then why, for the past four years, have you walked into that desk every morning?”
“I’m sorry.  I tried my best not to wake you.”  Amelia whispered, but for the life of her she wasn’t sure why. No one else was in the room with them.
“It’s alright child, I’m always up at this hour.  Old habits die hard.”  The elderly woman swung her feet out of her bed.  Mrs. Hunter, the aged housekeeper had shared her room with Amelia when Lady Winthrope forced the girl to become a servant to pay for Lord Southerton’s funeral arrangements. Mrs. Hunter had offered Lady Southerton her bed, but the young woman declined and opted for a worn mat on the floor by the fireplace.  “Be a dear and help an old woman up.”  Mrs. Hunter held up her arm and Amelia helped her stand.  “These bones don’t work so well on cold mornings.”  She complained.
Amelia smiled, “Maybe we could get more coal for the fireplace.”  She offered.
“I doubt your aunt will spare anything more for us.”  Mrs. Hunter grunted as she stretched her back.  “You get started, your aunt and uncle will be up soon, and they will want to be waited on.”  
Amelia nodded as she left the room.  She quietly went down the dark back staircase, counting the steps in her head. “One, two, three, skip” and she hopped over the broken step.  She was sure if she put her weight on it she would fall through the staircase.  Lord and Lady Winthrope could not be bothered to fix a broken step they would never use.  She pushed the creaky door that lead to the kitchen open to see Nancy, the short greying cook for the Winthropes, bustling about the kitchen lighting fires and reaching for pots for the day’s meals.  Wrapped in a bundle in the corner nearest the fireplace rested Andrew, Nancy’s six-year-old child.  The little boy was resting peacefully and completely unaware of what was going on around him.  The kitchen was dim, with only the light from the fireplace glowing.  Candles and oil lamps were not spared for the kitchen either.  Beaten copper pots and pans hung over head.  An old scrub brush and bucket were by the back door waiting to be used.
“Good morning Nan.”  Amelia yawned.
“Good morning, Miss Amelia.” Nancy replied in a sing son fashion that led Amelia to believe that the cook had been up much longer than Amelia.
Amelia grabbed a yellowed stepstool from underneath the kitchen table.  She stepped up to reach a large pot with a broken handle, and she placed it onto the worn tabletop.
“I could have taken care of that.”  Nancy replied.  Although the cook was short, she was still a little taller than Amelia.
“That’s alright, I should have been down earlier to help you.”  Amelia replied.
“Miss Amelia, how late were you up till last night?  I know you were mending your aunt’s stockings in the dark again.”
“I don’t know, Nancy.  But if I didn’t get it done last night, I would have more to do today.”  
Amelia grabbed a large cauldron and tried her best to haul it into the sink.  She began pumping water to fill it for her aunt’s bathwater.  Nancy rushed over to help Amelia lift the cauldron up and over to the fire.  Amelia leaned over the boy bundled up in the blanket and kissed the top of his golden-brown head of hair.
“Good morning, Mr. Baker.”  She whispered.  The little boy stirred and looked up at her.
“Miss A-m-e-l-i-a.” he whispered back, stretching out the sound of her name.  He smiled brightly at her.  “Is it morning time?  Will we have lessons again today?”  
Amelia sighed.  When she had free moments in her day, she would work with Andrew on learning his numbers and reading.  “I will do my best.”  The child smiled again and closed his eyes.
Amelia returned to getting her chores started.  Getting her old bucket filled with soapy water, Amelia headed for the foyer.  She walked quietly through the empty townhome.  No artwork, candelabras, chandeliers were in any rooms or hallways.  Valuable objects were carted up and sold to pay the Winthrope creditors.  The ballroom and library were emptied and thankfully locked up.  This meant that Amelia did not have to clean those rooms.  The Winthrope’s London townhome was once a grand place adorned with fabulous artwork, plush Persian rugs with vivid colors, and fancy brocade wallpaper.  Now, the wallpaper was torn and pealing from the walls. The rugs that had not been sold were scattered with holes, and worn so badly that the once vivid colors were now a muddy brown.  The only rooms with anything left to care for were the sitting room with the overly worn rugs and threadbare setae of an underminable color and her uncle’s office.  Amelia was never allowed to go into her uncle’s office and she was glad.  On the few occasions that she was called into his office, Amelia didn’t know where to stand.  Paperwork and books were thrown everywhere.  She would hate to have been responsible for cleaning up after him.
Starting by the door, Amelia kneeled on the floor and plunged her hand into the icy water.  She scrubbed at the chipped blue and white floor tiles of the entry way.  It was sad for her to see how badly the once beautiful home had degraded.  She briefly wondered what her father would think if he saw how his sister Beatrice lived.  She tried her best stop thinking of her beloved Papa, it only reminded her of the empty hole she had in her heart that seemed to grow with each passing day since his death.  Lord Southerton would be disgusted by the way his sister lived and furious with the way she treated his only daughter.  As a child, Amelia heard many conversations between her father and aunt.  Her father tried to compel Beatrice to watch her spending habits, he warned her that Charles would bankrupt his family, and shortly before his death, Lord Southerton had refused to pay anymore of Charles Winthrope’s gambling debts.  Lord Southerton had given Beatrice an ultimatum.  She was to leave her husband, retire to the Southerton family estate, and live on a small stipend or she would be cut off from any further help from her brother.  Beatrice did not like that option and flatly refused.  Her husband may have been a cad, but he never forced her to stop spending money.  Amelia couldn’t see how living in a crumbling townhome was better than retreating to the country.  She shook her head to clear the cobwebs from her mind.  
The front door opened, and in stumbled her Uncle Charles reeking of alcohol and stale cigar smoke.  His coat was unbuttoned and his shirt was untucked.  Amelia scooted out of his way, she was sure he could barely see in front of him.  He bumped into the wall by the door and began laughing; he looked down and saw his niece on her hands and knees scrubbing.  Amelia didn’t look up at him.
“Isn’t that a good position for you to be in, my lovely Amelia.” Charles laughed.  
Amelia glanced up to see her uncle staring down the top of her dress.  Surprising a shudder, Amelia managed a polite “Good morning Lord Winthrope.”  She turned her attention back to the floor.  
“Please, call me Charles.”  He sneered.  “Why don’t you come with me to my study and sit on my lap.  Your aunt doesn’t have to know.”
Amelia felt the bile rise in the back of her throat.  She covered her mouth with her damp hand.  Glancing up at her uncle she saw him grinning wickedly down at her while he rubbed a bulge in the front of his trousers.  She swallowed hard before she answered him.  “I believe that would be highly inappropriate, Lord Winthrope.” Amelia looked back down at the floor and continued to scrub the floor.  He stayed there watching her work, she dared not look away from her work.
“Just as well.” He groaned and took a deep breath. “Your aunt would be furious with me if I damaged your little prize.” He stood up as straight as he could and headed for the stairs.  He paused as he climbed and turned to address Amelia again.  “I have something you could do for me.  And it wouldn’t require you to get off your knees.”  He laughed at his joke.  Amelia ignored him and scrubbed at the broken tiles even harder. 
“Look at me.” He shouted at her.  Amelia snapped her head in his direction.  He smiled as he tried to unbutton the front of his pants.  
“Good morning, Lord Winthrope, just getting home?”  Mrs. Hunter was descending with a dark-haired maid with light blue eyes.  Charles froze and tried to rebutton his trousers.  
“Good morning.  Is my wife up?” 
“No, my lord.  The lady is still asleep.” She replied.
“Good.  I’ll be in my chamber.”  He looked over at Amelia. “Our little secrete, Amelia.” He put his fingers to his lips.  He looked at the other maid following Mrs. Hunter.  “Come clean my chamber today.  It needs your special attention.”  He smiled as he swatted the girl’s behind.  She giggled and continued down the steps.
Mrs. Hunter pointed to Lord Winthrope’s study and the girl went in to begin cleaning.  Amelia looked at the housekeeper.
“I thought he was home already.” Amelia said rocking back on her heals.  She wiped her forehead with the back of her hand.  And the only other thing Amelia could think to say was “I’m sorry.”
“What are you sorry for, child?” The housekeeper asked.  “I should be sorry for not coming downstairs sooner.” The old woman wheezed and began to cough.  Amelia patiently waited for Mrs. Hunter to regain her breath.
“I’m sorry I’m not fast.  I’m sorry I’m not invisible.  I’m sorry I can’t do a hundred things at once. And I’m sorry I ever set foot in this damn house.”  She smiled at Mrs. Hunter.  “I am not sorry that you, Nancy, and Andrew have been put in my path, thought.  That is the one good thing that has come out of all this.”
“AMELIA.” The shrill voice of Lady Beatrice echoed down the stairs.
“Her majesty has awoken.”  Mrs. Hunter huffed.
“I best not keep the beasty waiting.” Amelia grunted as she stood.  She bent over to rub her knees that had gone numb while she scrubbed the floor.
“When you are done, go and help Nancy in the kitchen.”  Amelia tried to protest since she had not finished with the floors.  “Don’t worry, I’ll have the tart finish scrubbing when she’s done pleasuring his lordship.”  Mrs. Hunter nodded her head in the direction of the maid cleaning Lord Winthrope’s office.
Amelia snickered as she headed to her aunt’s chamber carrying a damp rag with her.  Lady Beatrice, now with greying hair and sagging skin, was standing in front of her door with her arms folded across her chest and a scowl on her face, the skin around her eyes puffy.  She was several inches taller than Amelia and towered over the girl. She wore a tattered golden silk dressing gown. Beatrice slapped Amelia across the face.
“You took too long.” She hissed through clenched teeth.  
Amelia rubbed her cheek where her aunt had slapped her.  Amelia could have flown up the steps and still Beatrice would have found a reason to slap her.  She was sure that there was a permanent bruise in the shape of her aunt’s hand on her face.
	“Sorry Lady Winthrope, I was scrubbing the floors.”  Amelia looked her aunt in the eye.  Beatrice backhanded the girl causing Amelia to stumble back.
“I do not care what your excuse is for being a fat lazy girl.  You were told to never keep me waiting or look me in the eye.” She grabbed Amelia by the arm and pushed her into the chamber.  “My bed will not make itself.”  She shouted as she shoved Amelia to the bed.  Amelia straightened the threadbare sheets, fluffed the old pillows and covered the bed with a dark blue duvet with large moth holes in it.  Lady Winthrope stood to the side with her arms folded across her chest.  She tapped her foot impatiently.  “Clean it.” Her aunt said pointing to the freshly used chamber pot on the floor.
Dutifully Amelia stooped to pick up the pot from the floor.  She dumped the contents out the window and scrubbed it with the rag she brought with her.  Amelia placed the pot back by the bed, she curtsied to her aunt and waited for her next task while she stared at the floor.  Beatrice was rummaging through her closet. She pulled a gown out and tossed it onto her bed.
“How dare you ruin my gowns.” She hissed at Amelia.  The girl glanced up at her aunt and quickly turned her attention to the gown.  One of the small buttons was hanging by a thread, something that Amelia could easily mend.  “You ruined my gown when you laundered it.  You did it on purpose, spiteful child.” She shouted.
“I can fix it.” Amelia offered, but her aunt was already in a rage.
“Pull down your dress. You will be punished.” Her aunt ordered.  Amelia could hear the sneer in her aunt’s voice.  The woman enjoyed tormenting her niece.
Amelia reached around to the back of her dress and undid the buttons.  She exposed her back to her aunt, faded lines crisscrossed Amelia’s back.  Lady Beatrice walked to her vanity and opened a small drawer in the middle.  She pulled out a thin wooden rod and marched over to where Amelia stood; she lashed the girl’s bare flesh several times each beating harder than the last.  Amelia stood straight and tall, refusing to whimper.  Her mother’s words were ringing in her ears above the wailing voice of her aunt.  ‘Be polite, stand up straight, be thankful, and above all always act like a lady.’  She was sure that her mother did not have this life in mind for her daughter when she spoke those words.  Amelia heard her aunt place the rod down on her vanity and Amelia rebuttoned her dress.
“Wicked child.” Lady Beatrice hissed.  “After all I’ve done for you.”  Beatrice marched around the room.  Amelia did her best to stand still while the flesh from her back throbbed and bled.  “I’ve taken you in when your father left you with nothing.  I’ve fed you, I’ve clothed you.  Yes, I expect some work in return for all my kindness, but that can only be expected.”  The woman was foaming at the mouth while she paced in front of Amelia.  “And here you destroy my property, my personal property to spite me.”  She stopped and faced Amelia.  “What do you have to say for yourself?” Lady Beatrice shook the dress in Amelia’s face.
“I can mend the button, Lady Winthrope.  It will only take me a moment.” Amelia swallowed her anger as a gently bread lady should. 
“Oh.” Her aunt replied.  “You should have said so much sooner.” She shoved the dress into Amelia’s hands.
Beatrice folded her arms and waited for Amelia to mend the gown.  Amelia went into the wardrobe and pulled out a small sewing box.  She took a seat on one of the worn yellow armchairs and began to thread a needle. 
“Don’t lean back on that chair, I don’t want it to be covered in your filth.”  Lady Beatrice reprimanded.
“Yes, Lady Winthrope.” Amelia responded.  ‘Ladies always sit up straight.’ She heard her mother say.  Amelia’s back was rigid and she crossed her legs at the ankle, sitting like the trained debutant she once was. The button was mended and Amelia handed the gown to her aunt.
“What do you expect me to do with it? Dress me.” She demanded.  Lady Beatrice had fired her lady’s maid after she found the girl servicing Lord Winthrope.  Amelia had been with Lady Beatrice when the pair were discovered in Lady Beatrice’s chambers.  Amelia was sure that the maid was not given a choice by Lord Winthrope.  Lady Beatrice threw the girl out at once and Amelia had taken her place ever since.  She dressed Lady Beatrice and fixed the woman’s hair.  “I have tea today with friends.  Make sure this house is spic and span before I return.”  Amelia curtsied in response.  
Waiting for Lady Beatrice to leave, Amelia picked up the dirty rag she had used to clean the chamber pot and went onto her way to the kitchen.  In the hallway, Amelia met with the maid Mrs. Hunter had called ‘the tart.’  The busty brunette was exiting Lord Winthrope’s chambers with a large smile on her face and tangled hair.  The girl looked at Amelia and laughed.
“Oh, did the witch beat you again?” the girl giggled. Amelia glowered at her, refusing to respond.  “Too bad.” The girl put her hands on her hips and smiled.  “Lord Winthrope treats me much better.  Would you like to know what he was doing to me?  We had a good time, we even listened to that old cow beat you.  Lord Winthrope thought it was funny and we laughed and laughed at you.” Amelia halted in her tracks and faced the silly maid.  “Do you want to hear the best part?”  the maid smiled at her.  “I’m the one that loosened the button on Lady Winthrope’s dress.  I knew she’d blame you, like she does for everything that goes wrong here.” The girl giggled.
Amelia paused before she said anything, choosing her words carefully.  The young maid in front of her was not the first to be amused by Amelia’s suffering.  Instead of wallowing in self-pity, Amelia smiled back at the girl.  The young woman ceased her giggling and began to frown drawing her eyebrows together.
“What do you think is so funny.” The girl sneered.
Amelia smiled even wider. “My aunt does not share.” Amelia replied.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“What do you think my aunt will do to you when she catches the two of you together.  And don’t think she won’t find out about you and her husband.  Aunt Beatrice finds out about everything and Uncle Charles is sloppy.”
“Nothing will happen, Lord Winthrope will take care of me.” She shrugged her shoulders as if she didn’t care about Amelia’s warning.
Amelia began laughing, the maid’s face turned red. “No, he won’t.  You are just a nameless tart to him.  Even if he did care for you, and trust me he doesn’t, he couldn’t afford to keep you as a mistress.  That’s why he turns to cheap whores like you.  That man will put his cock in anything, and I literally mean anything.  He doesn’t even know your name.” The girl took a breath and opened her mouth.  Amelia interrupted her.  “If you don’t believe me, go back into his room and ask him yourself.  Aunt Beatrice probably already knows her husband is tupping another maid.  She’ll take her revenge out on your hide next and Uncle Charles will be there to watch her beat you.  He likes that, you know.  He likes to watch his wife beat the maids.”
“You’re lying.” The girl hissed.  “You’re trying to scare me.”
“Ask Mrs. Hunter and Nancy about Lord Winthrope’s perversions.  They’ve been here long enough, they’ve seen everything.”  Amelia was still smiling as the girl began to storm off.  “Oh, Mrs. Hunter would like you to finish scrubbing the floors now that you are done with Lord Winthrope’s cock.”  Amelia imagined her mother rolling over in her grave at her daughter’s language.  “Being on your knees for the rest of the morning shouldn’t be a problem for someone like you.”  Amelia continued and headed toward the back stairs to the kitchen.
Amelia burst through the kitchen door with a large smile on her face.
“What’s got you in a good mood?”  Nancy asked while she stirred a large pot on the stove.
“I just bumped into The Tart leaving Lord Winthrope’s chambers.  She was so proud of herself, thinking that Uncle Charles was going to take care of her.”  Amelia replied.
“Fat chance of that.” Nancy grumbled.
“Do you know she loosened buttons from Aunt Beatrice’s gowns so that I would be punished for it?”
Nancy stood up straight and looked at Amelia; she pressed her lips into a tight line. “Miss Amelia, did she beat you again?”  Amelia nodded her head.  Pointing to the rag Amelia held in her hand Nancy said, “Did you use that to clean her majesty’s pot?”  Again, Amelia nodded.  Nancy grabbed the rag and dropped it into the pot on the stove, giving it a good stir.  She fished the rag out of the pot with a ladle and tossed it into a basket by the door and washed her hands.
The Tart walked in from the dining room.  “What smells so good, Nancy?” she asked.
“Soup for Lord and Lady Winthrope’s dinner tonight.  Grab a bowl and help yourself.” Nancy gestured with her head to the cabinet on the wall that held old chipped crockery for the servants to use.  Amelia felt a laugh bubble up from the back of her throat.  She bit her lips to keep the laughter from escaping.  Her eyes grew large as The Tart grabbed a bowl, dipped it in to the soup and ate the meal.
“What’s got into you, miss high and mighty?  You don’t have anything to say to me now, do you?” The Tart addressed Amelia with a crooked smile on her face.  Amelia kept her mouth shut and shook her head.  “That’s what I thought.  You think you’re better than the rest of us.  You’re not. You’re worse than us; you’re a slave.” The girl laughed.
“Don’t you have floors to clean?” Amelia smirked as the girl brought the bowl to her lips again.  
The Tart finished her meal and dropped the bowl on to the counter.  “I don’t have time for this.” She said storming out of the kitchen.
Nancy kept her eye on the door and when The Tart was too far to hear them she turned back to Amelia and said, “You can let it out now.”
Amelia burst into laughter.  Tears started to roll down her cheeks.  “Don’t let my uncle know what she just did.  He might enjoy that.”
“Miss Amelia, you’re awful.” Nancy said laughing along with her.  “We will have stale bread and cheese for our meals today.”
“That sounds lovely to me.”  Amelia replied.  “Mrs. Hunter wants me to help you this afternoon, Nancy.”
“Alright.” Nancy nodded.  “Roll up your sleeves and wash your hands.”
While Amelia was busy waiting on her aunt, Mrs. Hunter was in Lord Winthrope’s office supervising The Tart. Lord Winthrope had left his desk draws unlocked and wide open.  She saw letters from various creditors, which did not surprise her.  Mixed in with those letters were letters from Amelia’s father’s solicitor, Christine and George dated four years prior.  Knowing that Lady Winthrope was heading out to tea and Lord Winthrope was in his chambers, no one would notice if she read the letters.
Mrs. Hunter dismissed the maid and sent the girl to clean another room.  She picked up the letter from George and it began
“Aunt Beatrice, 
No of course, I do not mind signing over Amelia’s dowry for Christine.  It would honor Amelia’s memory greatly.  My sister loved our cousin dearly and I know it would make Amelia very happy……”
George continued about how he missed his father and sister and hoped their souls were both at peace.  This letter was dated shortly after the funeral.  She picked up the letter from Christine.
“Mama, 
This will be our last communication.  I blame you completely for my cousin’s death.  Although you may not have killed her directly, your treatment of your own niece after her father’s death broke her heart and killed her spirit as if you murdered her yourself.  I will never forgive you for it.  Do not call on me, you will not be welcomed in my home.
          Sincerely, Lady Christine Denton
This letter was dated a month after Christine ran away from home to eloped.
“Well done,” Mrs. Hunter thought to herself.  “You have finally managed to tell that beastly mother of yours what you think.  Although your cousin has more spirit than you give her credit for.”
The final letter was from the solicitor.

“Lord Winthrope,
Since learning of your niece’s death, you will understand that you will no longer be receiving the stipend that Lord Southerton set up for his daughter’s care….”
This letter was dated a few months after Christine’s letter. Apparently, Christine had been so angered by the supposed death of her cousin that she took it upon herself to inform the Southerton’s solicitor.  George must have corroborated the story of Amelia’s death.
“Serves that greedy harpy right.”  Mrs. Hunter said to herself.  
Since the letters were in Lord Winthrope’s drawer, she assumed that Lady Winthrope did not know of their existence.  

She left the room to find Amelia in the kitchen.  Nancy had been teaching Amelia how to bake bread and prepare the family meals.  Poor Amelia was covered in flour, and Nancy was getting a little short tempered with her.  Cooking and baking were not Amelia’s strong suit.  
The portly woman was admonishing Amelia for not paying attention.  Amelia bit her lip to stifle a grin. Nancy’s face would turn red when she was angry and all the small hairs on her face would stand straight up in the air and Amelia appeared to be doing everything in her power to cause such a reaction. 
“Pay attention, girl.”  She yelled. Her large round face was turning purple. A giggle escaped Amelia’s lips and uncontrollable laughter followed.
“I can’t help it, Nancy.  You know I can’t take you seriously when you yell at me.  It’s only flour.”  Amelia picked up a handful and threw it at Nancy.
“You wicked little girl!” Nancy picked up a handful of flour and threw it in Amelia’s face.  
The girl sputtered and coughed.  Flour caked her eyelashes and clung to the wisps of hair that escaped Amelia’s braid.  Amelia continued to laugh.  She hugged Nancy and wiped her face on the cook’s shoulder leaving a white streak on the woman’s dress.  Nancy huffed and placed her hands on her hips.
“Oh, Nancy.  You’re so good to me.  No one else would put up with my nonsense like you.”  Amelia giggled.
“Alright, you’ve had your fun, Miss Amelia, but please pay attention and don’t waste anymore food.” Nancy was interrupted by Mrs. Hunter who had been waiting in the hallway, watching Amelia and Nancy.	
“Before I lecture you both about wasting food and making messes.”  Amelia smiled at Mrs. Hunter.  She picked up her apron to try and wipe the flour from her face, but instead made more of a smearing mess.
“Nancy, you won’t mind if I take Miss Amelia off your hands for a bit, do you?”  She said motioning for Amelia to come over to her.  Amelia left Nancy’s side and crossed the room to Mrs. Hunter.  The young lady was still trying to wipe flour unsuccessfully from her face.
“No, ma’am.  I can handle everything on my own.”  Nancy said.
“Upstairs, please.” Mrs. Hunter said to Amelia pointing to the rickety staircase in the kitchen.
They walked up the narrow servants’ stairway with the broken steps to Mrs. Hunter’s quarters.  Amelia paused above the broken step.  She turned and held out her hand to Mrs. Hunter to help her over the step. The room was small consisting of a small bed covered in a faded yellow blanket and a worn-out mat on the floor where Amelia slept.  Mrs. Hunter kept the small room bright and cheery with fresh picked flowers in old ceramic vases and a few water colors Christine had made as a child decorated the walls. 
 Amelia was also learning about running the household, Mrs. Hunter was training her to become a housekeeper.  And she was also doing her best to teach Amelia as many skills as she could.  Her hopes were to help Amelia find employment elsewhere. She was sure if the young woman were to stay much longer in the Winthrope household, Amelia would truly die.  She put a hand on Amelia’s shoulder and felt that the dress was damp.  Pulling her hand away, Mrs. Hunter saw that she was correct, Amelia had been beaten again.  She shook her head, the sooner she could get the girl out of this home the better. 
Amelia was good with calculating monthly expenses and had learned what her Aunt and Uncle were so desperate to hide.  She knew about every new gown and hat her aunt owned.  She knew about the creditors and how much money the Winthropes owed.  She also knew how much her Uncle’s country estates made.  Almost nothing was coming into the household and what did come in quickly left.
“Here,” Mrs. Hunter said handing the letters to Amelia.  “Your cousin didn’t abandon you and neither did your brother.”  Mrs. Hunter turned her head to cough for several moments.  Amelia drew her eyebrows together and wore a look of concern on her face.
Amelia sat at Mrs. Hunter’s small desk to read through the letters.  Mrs. Hunter stood behind Amelia, she placed a hand gently on Amelia’s arm.  Amelia learned that her brother had done well and had given Lady Winthrope all her dowry, plus several thousand pounds more.
“Well, that explains where the mystery money came from.”  Amelia said.  Her mouth was twisted into a crooked line.   It was hard for her to feel anymore disappointment since she believed her family had abandoned her. “But it still does not change anything.  I have nothing and no way to get to my brother.  I’m not sure he would believe me if I just wrote him after all these years.”
Mrs. Hunter shook her head.  “I’ve been writing to friends of mine to try and find you a paying position.  There are many families looking for a good governess.    You are an accomplished young lady and you have taught Nancy’s son to read, write and do simple sums.”
“He is one sweet boy.  Many of these children are vile little things.” She said remembering her and George’s days they spent tormenting their governesses.  “I don’t think I could do that.  What about what I do now?  I’m not a bad scullery maid.” She said with a hopeful grin. She didn’t enjoy the work, but she could do it especially if someone had paid her.
“No, the only reason why you are still a scullery maid is because your Aunt has refused to move you into a better position.  You could do my job if you chose.”  Mrs. Hunter was pacing around the small room.  One hand was behind her back and she rubbed her chin with the other.  Every so often the woman would pause to cough.
Amelia smiled. “We’ll think of something.” She said.  Amelia took a deep breath and sighed, her shoulders slumped.  She was tired of trying to think of a way to escape.  Amelia had told herself multiple times that an opportunity to leave would present itself, but she grew tired of waiting.  She had convinced herself that no one would believe her story and no one would take her in.  She was certain that there was no one left who would remember the name Amelia Southerton.
“In the meantime, I will write to your cousin and brother.  I can’t answer for your brother, but I’m sure your cousin will believe me.” Mrs. Hunter placed her hand on Amelia’s shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze.  “We will get things straightened out.”  She continued.  “Keep the letters, Amelia.  Your uncle will never know they are missing and your aunt probably doesn’t know they are here.”
A loud commotion came from downstairs.  Both women jumped up to investigate the noise.  They reached the first floor and they heard a man’s loud angry voice coming from Lord Winthrope’s office. Mrs. Hunter was wheezing as she traveled along the halls and down the main steps.
“You owe me money, Winthrope.”  The man shouted.
Amelia and Mrs. Hunter were lingering in the hallway outside the office. They could see the man from behind.  He was tall and broad shouldered with shoulder length light brown hair.  His brown leather jacket was stretched taunt across his muscular shoulders.  Amelia stared at him.  She could see every etched muscle through his well- tailored clothing.
“I have nothing to give you, Diablo.”  Her uncle sniveled.  Lord Winthrope was sitting behind his desk with his hands in front of his face almost as if he was afraid the larger man would strike at him.  There was nothing Lord Winthrope could do to defend himself if the angry man did choose to hit him.  “We have sold everything of value we could.”
“Find me something to clean your debt before I ruin you.” The man yelled louder.  He leaned over the desk; Lord Winthrope shook and whimpered like a child.
Lord Winthrope noticed his niece standing in the hall.  “The girl, take the girl.” He said pointing to Amelia, almost smiling with relief.  “She can work my debt.  I’m sure you can make money from her.”  His sickening grin spread across his face.  Amelia began to feel ill.  “She is completely innocent, Diablo.  She would fetch a handsome price her first time.”
The man her uncle called Diablo turned to look at the girl standing in the doorway.  He looked at Amelia from head to toe with a disapproving look on his face.  “If she works for you I doubt she’s that innocent.” Diablo replied.
“Check and see for yourself.  I’ll hold her down.”  Lord Winthrope jumped out of chair to grab Amelia, but the larger man blocked his path and shook his head.
Amelia’s heart dropped.  The large man in front of her had a dark complexion, light blue eyes and was unshaven.  He had chiseled features that most women would adore.  He angered and terrified Amelia at the same time.  ‘What kind of man would trade a girl for debt?’ She thought to herself. “How dare you.” She yelled at her uncle.  Amelia stood straighter and stared her uncle in the eye. “I am a person, not a commodity to trade.”	
The man standing in front of her grunted.  “In my business, you could be both.”  He walked closer to inspect Amelia.  Her face and clothing were still covered in flour.  He raised a hand to brush some of the flour coated wisps of hair out of her face.  Her eyes locked intently on his.
“Do not touch me.” She hissed through clenched teeth, his hand stopping inches in front of her face.
“She has no family, well, no family that would miss her.” Her uncle said.
“This is appalling.”  Mrs. Hunter said from the doorway.
“Shut up, old woman.  Mind your own damn business.” Lord Winthrope shouted.
A grin spread across the stranger’s face.  Amelia felt her stomach churn.  The man walked around her looking her up and down, like a horse at auction.
“I’ll take her, Winthrope.  Your debt will be wiped clean, but don’t set foot in my club again, or any club if you know what’s good for you.”  The man called Diablo grabbed Amelia’s arm and started to drag her down the hall. Amelia tried to jerk herself out of his grasp but the man only gripped her tighter.
“You can’t do this.” Mrs. Hunter said.  “Let me pay what he owes.  Just don’t take the girl.  Please.”  She grabbed the sleeve of the large man’s jacket but he shrugged the older woman off.
“You couldn’t afford what your employer owes me.” He said.
“Go ahead with what we discussed.” Amelia said to Mrs. Hunter as she tried to smile.  She did her best to show Mrs. Hunter that she wasn’t afraid to be taken away with this man but she could see by the panicked look in Mrs. Hunter’s eyes she was not successful.





Chapter 2
Diablo continued to drag Amelia out the door.  His black carriage sat in front of the townhome. The driver, taller and broader than Diablo, jumped down and opened the door.  Roughly, the stranger pushed her inside and Amelia tripped on the steps.  The entire inside of the carriage was lined in crushed black velvet.  It had been a very long time since Amelia had seen something so luxurious.  She took a seat and the man sat across from her.
“What is your name?” he asked her.  Amelia crossed her arms and stared out the window. Diablo reached over to pull the curtain shut.  “Your name, Princess.”  Still she refused to answer him.  “You may call me Diablo.” He said.
Amelia snapped her head around to glare at him. “I will do no such thing.”  She said with her eyebrows drawn together.
“Master works fine as well.”  Amelia glowered at him.  She was angry enough to strike him.  The man laughed out loud and Amelia’s frown deepened.  “My Christian name is Robert.” He said as nicely as he could. 
“I doubt there is anything Christian about you.”  She huffed.  Amelia turned back to the window and stared at the drawn shade, absolutely refusing to look at him or acknowledge his presence.
Robert smiled, “I like you, Princess.  I think we’ll have fun together.”
Amelia turned to stare at him again.  She looked him up and down. “If you touch me, I will kill you.” She replied fiercely.
“Most women don’t complain when I touch them, Princess.  Besides, you’re not my type.”  He smiled again at the fiery girl in front of him, her temper matching her hair color.
Amelia could tell by his arrogance that this man was used to having women drop at his feet.  Although she was scared, she refused to show fear.
“I hate you.”  She winced as she heard her own words sounding more childish than threatening.
“I don’t care.” Robert laughed.  
Amelia’s anger deepened.  She was tired of being ridiculed and abused.  The frustration that she buried deep inside her bubbled its way to the top of her head.  The voice of her mother, ‘Always be a lady’, was no longer heard over the blood thundering in her ears.  Amelia threw herself at Robert, her small fists clenched into tight balls.  She meant to hit Robert in the handsome face, but the jerky movement of the carriage threw her slightly off her path causing her to hit him in the shoulder hurting her more than she hurt him.  Robert caught her before she tumbled to the floor, wrapping his arms around her he forced her to sit on his lap.  He laughed harder at her.
“Stop laughing at me.” She screamed.  Amelia tried her best to wiggle out of his grasp but he tightened his arms around her.
“Sit still.” His husky voice tickling her ear. Robert brushed some of her hair out of her eyes and tucked the loose strands behind her ear.  Amelia’s breath quickened with his touch.  “I didn’t mean to anger you.”  He continued.
“Let go of me.” She said through clenched teeth.  “I don’t want your hands all over me.”
Robert picked her up and placed her on the seat right next to him.  She felt a chill where his arms had been.  “I don’t hurt children.”  He said to her.  His voice gruff and dark.
“You think I’m a child?” She asked, her voice a mixture of anger and surprise.
“You are acting like one.” He teased her.
“I’m almost twenty.” She said.
“You refuse to look at me, you refuse to speak to me and then you hit me.  You are acting like a spoiled little girl.  I rescued you from that disgusting man.” He said with a grin.  “Do you have any idea what Winthrope thought I would do with you?”  Amelia’s eyes were large and wide, she wasn’t sure what her uncle had been talking about when he offered her for a trade, but she had an idea.  She shook her head no in response. The carriage stopped and the door opened.  “Good.” He replied to her softly.  Robert took her by the hand dragging her along inside his club.
Robert Deacon brought Amelia inside his club named Diablo.  The club was well known as a gambling establishment that served drinks and exotic women.  Once inside, Robert let go of her hand.  She had nowhere to run to and he knew it.  Amelia wasn’t quite sure what happened in a gentleman’s club, but she expected to see half naked women walking around the establishment.  Instead the club was quiet.  Everything was dark, curtains were drawn and no light from the outside shown.  Walls and carpets were done in different shades of dark red, black and brown. Fancy gilded wallpaper adorned most walls. Nothing tattered, torn, broken or dirty.  Amelia looked around taking it all in.  Robert was still tugging on her elbow when he noticed that she stopped moving to look around.
“Not what you expected, Princess?”  He said stopping in front of her.
“No.” She answered curtly, still not wanting to acknowledge him.
“What were you expecting, lewd sex acts to be performed on the floor?”  He leaned in closer and she could smell his shaving soap.  Robert whispered in her ear.  “That happens later.” 
Amelia looked up to stare at him.  He was ginning at her, his mouth so close to her own.  A shiver when through her body.  Part of her wanted him to touch her again.  “You’re disgusting.” She said with a sneer.  
Robert laughed at her again. “You have such a low opinion of me, Princess.  You wound me.” He said with a mock look of pain on his face.  “Come along and please be quiet,” He said pulling her along, “the whores are sleeping.”
“What?” She asked in surprise stopping in her tracks again.
“The whores.  They worked late and are still sleeping.”  Robert frowned at her and Amelia grew a little nervous.  She was not sure what he would do if he no longer found her amusing.  
“Why would you call them that?  It sounds so cruel.” She said horrified.
“When one trades their body for money, that person is a whore.”
 Amelia shook her head “I still don’t like it.”  She said with no emotion in her voice.

“Fine.” he said.  Robert took a breath and sighed.  “The ladies that work for me were up last night pleasuring gentlemen for money.  They are still sleeping.  Please come along, now.”  Amelia wrinkled her nose and frowned.  “Look, Princess, none of these women are forced to work for me.  And I am good to them.”   He said.  Amelia felt as if he was trying to defend what he did, although she had no idea why her opinion of his livelihood should matter to him. “I charge them very little to rent their rooms so they keep a good portion of their wages.  I don’t allow anyone to hit them.  I don’t allow drug use by them or any of my guests.  My ladies are well taken care of.  I treat them better than most other places around here.  Ladies in their position are begging for a place in my establishment.” He said pointing to the top of the stairs.
Robert once again held Amelia by the hand.  This time he held it tightly, leading her up the marbled master stairs and down a short hallway to a small office.  There was a neat oak desk and chair in the middle of the room facing the door.  Empty bookshelves lined the walls and a small green gas lamp hung over the desk.  The walls had been painted pale blue.  There was a circular off white rug with blue flowers under the desk.  A clean fire place was on the back wall with a chestnut rocking chair had been placed close by.  On the other side of the fireplace was a worn blue armchair.  It looked soft and inviting to Amelia.  She could imagine herself sitting in the armchair with her legs tucked up underneath her as she read a book by firelight.   This was the only bright room that she had seen since she arrived.
“How are you with figures?” he asked leading her to the desk. He continued to hold her hand.
“I can budget a household’s finances, if that is what you are asking.” She replied glancing around the comfortable room.
“Good, my previous housekeeper has left for a more lucrative position.”  He said with another evil grin.
Amelia’s eyebrows drew together, her forehead wrinkled and her frown deepened.  He smiled again at her almost laughing at her.
“Oh Princess, you are pretty when you’re angry.  I bet you are lovely when you wash the flour off your face.”  He brushed some of the flour off her cheek with his thumb. 
 A tiny spark sliced through Amelia.  The only men she had been around were her uncle and other servants.  Very few male members of the staff spoke to her and Amelia did her best to stay out of her uncle’s reach.  This man purposely angered her and now he touched her.  She was shocked.  The angry mask she wore since meeting Robert slipped from her face.  Amelia shuddered involuntarily.  Robert grinned his wicked grin that angered Amelia and the spell that had weakened her knees was suddenly broken.  She slapped his hand away from her face.
“I am not one of your ladies.  Do not touch me again.”
“Fair enough, but you did enjoy it Princess.” He said.  Robert pulled her hand that he continued to hold to his lips and gently kissed the top.  Robert stared into Amelia’s eyes and wore a sideways grin.  The nervousness Amelia felt upon first meeting him returned; she wondered what his intentions toward her were.  She wondered if she would be able to escape from this house and would anyone come to her aid if she screamed. He took a deep breath. 
“This is what I need from you Princess.”  He said to Amelia as if the encounter never took place.  “My previous housekeeper was very detailed with my household accounts.  Now that she has left, it seems that money has gone unaccounted for.”  He paused and stared at her once more.  
The smile that was previously on his face was gone and Amelia could see why her uncle was scared.  His eyes grew dark and his jaw tensed.  He looked angry enough to strike someone.  She could see he did not like someone taking advantage of him.  
“I don’t like that.  I don’t like when people steal from me and I don’t like when people refuse to pay their debts.”  Robert paused and brushed stray hairs from her eyes.  “I want to find out where the money is going.  If someone is stealing from me, find out who it is.” Even his voice had changed, he spoke to her with a harsh tone.
“And then what?” Amelia asked and his grin returned.
“If you should discover that someone on my staff is stealing from me, you will notify me and I will take care of it.  These ledgers,” he said pointing to the books on the desk, “Were kept up by Ms. Pryce until she left.  I haven’t changed any household spending.”
“Are you certain?”  She asked puzzled as to why someone would dare to anger the man in front of her.  Mr. Deacon was large and muscular, he could easily toss her across the room if he chose.  Even her uncle, a full-grown man, was terrified of the club owner.  Amelia had also had firsthand experience with people who could overspend.  “I have observed that it is very easy for some to overspend and not realize it.”
“I am not one of those people.”  He said and pulled Amelia to the desk.  “Do what I ask.  Go through the books.” His tone implying that he did not wish to ask her again. He opened the top drawer and revealed a draw full of receipts.  “Go through the receipts and find where the missing money has gone.  You do that, I’ll forgive Winthrop’s debt and you can go home.”
“I don’t have a home and I don’t want to go back to Lord Winthrope’s.”
 “Go where you like then, I don’t care.”
Amelia finally realized her opportunity for freedom was standing right in front of her. She smiled for the first time since her arrival.  
 “Hire me.” She said.
“What? I didn’t think you were one of those ‘Ladies’.” He said mocking her again.
She shook her head and sighed. “That is not what I meant.  I mean Mrs. Hunter, the Winthrope’s housekeeper, was teaching me how to run a household.  I know how to balance ledgers, pay bills and I knew where my, Lord and Lady Winthrope were spending money they didn’t have.” She caught herself.  She almost told him that Lord and Lady Winthrope were her aunt and uncle.  Amelia didn’t want to admit to this man that she was once a member of the nobility.  She had enough of the humiliation from her aunt.  
 “I knew about this place, well I didn’t know exactly what it was but I knew that my, Lord Winthrope was spending money here.”  Amelia almost called Lord Winthrope her uncle again.  This time Robert seemed to notice.
“The Winthrope’s are no longer your masters.  You want to be my new housekeeper, fine.  But don’t make me regret it.”  He said with a stern warning, the hint of anger returning to his voice.
Amelia was overjoyed.  She had a job.  She could save money and book passage to America and to George.  She would be able to start over and put the nightmare she had been through behind her.
“Thank you, thank you.”  She squealed with joy as she clasped her hands together.  She bounced on her toes lightly.  “You won’t regret this, I promise.” Amelia was so excited that she stepped forward, threw her arms around Robert’s neck and gave him a hug, standing on her toes to do so.  Her salvation was so close that she momentarily forgot she had thought that this man might be the devil himself.  
Robert stood rigidly for a moment.  Slowly he wrapped one arm around Amelia’s waist and then the other wrapped around her.  Amelia felt herself being pulled in closer to him.  She rested her head on his chest feeling comfort for the first time in years.  His hands started to roam up her back as he inhaled her scent.  Amelia could feel his large hands on her body.  She was aware of his body pressed against her and felt a stiffening in his breeches.  The feeling of comfort was replaced by something Amelia had not felt before.  She wasn’t afraid he would hurt her, but she was unsure of what he would do.  She loosened her hold and looked in his eyes.  She knew at that moment she needed to keep this man at arm’s length from her or she would be in trouble.  Amelia pushed herself away and grabbed some of the ledgers off the desk.
“Well I should get started.”  She said making a show of shuffling papers around.  “Lots to do.”
“Are you sure you want to start so soon?  I could think of something else you might enjoy.”  He grinned again at her nervousness.
Amelia stood straight up and rigid.  Suddenly Amelia had an image of Robert undressing her and caressing her naked body.  The thought of his large hands on her body made her shiver with delight.
“No, no,” she said shaking her head to clear the image from her mind.  “I’ve got a lot to accomplish.” She turned away from him to go back through the paperwork on the desk.
“That is a shame.”  He said grinning.  “I thought you might like to wash all that flour off.” 
Amelia pulled her lips in a tight line, not amused that he used her discomfort as a joke.  “No, I’m fine.”  She responded.
“Alright Princess, but what shall I call you?”   Amelia tilted her head to the left and thought for a moment.  She really didn’t want to share much of her past with this man she met and was not sure she could trust.  ‘Would he even believe me if I told him?’. She thought.
“A name, Princess.  Any name will do.  Or would you like to be my Princess?” he said.
“Lee,” she said quickly ignoring his comment.  “My name is Lee.”
“Your surname?” He asked.
“Just Lee.”  She said quickly flipping through the papers again without really looking at them.  She was giving her hands something to do, hoping that if she appeared to be busy he would leave her alone.
“Well, just Lee, find out what is happening with my money and you will be my new housekeeper.”  He spoke as he walked to the door.  He was almost out of the room when he turned around and said “Oh and one more thing, Lee.  Your quarters are right through that door there.”  He said pointing to a door to his right.  “I would appreciate it if you would wash that flour off your face and hair.  I’ll find you something appropriate to wear.”  He laughed as he left.
Amelia sat at the desk and slumped in her chair.  With her elbows resting on the desktop she placed her head in her hands and shook her head.  She knew that life with this man would be more eventful than life with the Winthrope’s.  Amelia took a few moments to gather her thoughts and decided cleaning herself up would be for the best. She walked into the small adjoining room that Robert had pointed out to her.  It was large enough to hold a narrow bed, a dresser with a small oval mirror, and a tub.  A cedar chest sat at the foot of the bed.  The walls were painted in the same shade of blue and a rug matching the one under the desk was beside the bed.  The blankets and linens on this bed were much nicer than the ones that the Winthropes used for their servants.  A fluffy down comforter in a cream color covered the narrow bed.  Even the furnishings looked newer.  Amelia didn’t want to ring for a maid to bring her hot water to bathe in since she had nothing to change into, so she wiped off as much of the flour as she could and fixed her hair.  She noticed there was no lock on the bedroom door, and felt that Robert was the type of man that would come and go as he pleased despite the room’s occupants.  The fireplace was also in the main room so if Amelia wanted to stay warm on cold nights she would have to leave her bedroom door open.
Settling down at the desk, Amelia started to go through the old ledgers to see if she could catch any errors.  Ms. Pryce did keep meticulous notes on everything.  A small maid entered the room carrying a tray of food.  She was thin and fair-haired with blue eyes too large for her small face.  She looked deceptively young.  The girl coughed to signal to Amelia that she was there.
“Good afternoon, Miss.  My name is Sally.”  She said with a cockney accent. “Mr. Deacon sent me up with something for you to eat.”
“Thank you Sally, just place the tray on the corner of the desk.”  It was the only clear spot.
“If you need anything, you can ring for me.  I’m bell number two.”  Sally pointed to three bells hanging on the wall by the fireplace.  “Oh, Mr. Deacon said he would be bringing by a change of clothing for you and he wanted to know if you needed anything else.”
“Some soap would be nice and maybe a hairbrush.  And if it wouldn’t be any trouble, could you send someone up with hot water later this evening so I can bathe?”  She asked.  She hoped that she wasn’t asking for too much.  Many times, when she asked another servant for something at the Winthrope household, she was ignored.
“Would be no trouble at all.  There is running water up here.”  Sally said and she giggled on her way out.  Running water, gas lamps and heat for the servants, this was more than Amelia had seen in many years. 
Amelia thought to herself that she would need to impersonate Mrs. Hunter and be sterner when addressing the staff.  Mrs. Hunter rarely asked for anything.  She told the staff what she wanted done and what was expected.  Amelia went back to her books and nibbled on the food as she read.  She was on her last three books when she started to notice peculiarities appear in the ledgers.  It wasn’t large sums of money, but suddenly a few shillings would go missing.  Receipts didn’t total to what Ms. Pryce had written down.  At first Amelia thought it was a mistake, but she concluded that Ms. Pryce was skimming money from the budget.  It was a small amount that Robert would never notice.  Amelia concluded that other members of the staff were aware of Ms. Pryce’s actions and when she left, the practice of skimming money continued a much larger scale.  The door to Amelia’s room swung open.
“Robert, are you ready.”  Someone huffed from the doorway and a woman stepped inside.  She had blue black ringlets that hung down her back.  Her skin was smooth like porcelain.  She had dark blue almost violet eyes and she was tall.  The woman was wearing the most scandalous outfit Amelia had ever seen.  She wore a midnight blue corset that barely covered her breasts.  Her skirts were of a matching color, but the material was so thin it was almost transparent.  There was a high slit running up each side showing her stocking covered thighs.  The woman wore ropes of pearls around her neck.
“You’re not Robert.” The woman said.   Her eyes narrowed as she starred at Amelia, giving the younger woman a quick once over.  The woman leaned on the doorjamb and crossed her arms as she stared down Amelia.  
Amelia wiggled in her seat as the icy woman stared at her.  Amelia straightened her spine.  She would not let some painted lady intimidate her. 
“I most certainly am not.”  Amelia replied with the same amount of frost in her voice.  
Sally walked in, pushing past the woman.  Amelia noticed the twisted little grin on Sally’s face as she forced the taller woman out of her way.  The rude woman’s glare shifted away from Amelia and onto Sally.
“Ms. Lee, Mr. Deacon found you some clothing and toiletries.” She said, her arms full of packages.  She fidgeted from foot to foot doing her best to balance the packages in her arms.  Sally stood at the desk waiting for direction.
“Just put them on the bed, please.” Amelia replied quickly.
“Ah, Lee, I see you’ve already met Pearl.  She’s my business partner.” Robert said as he stepped around Pearl.  He also had packages in his arms.  Sally took some of them and laid them on the bed with the others.
“I’ll see about that bath now.”  Sally said as she left the room.
Pearl stood by the door examining her fingernails waiting for Robert’s attention.  Amelia waited for the rude woman to leave but seeing that Pearl refused to move from her spot Amelia decided to speak to her new employer.  “I found something in the ledgers I need to discuss with you when you are free.” Amelia said looking from her work to Robert’s face.
“I’m free now.” He replied. Pearl loudly exhaled and rolled her eyes.
“Really, are you sure you don’t have other engagements?”  Amelia asked, glancing at Pearl who was still examining her nails.
“Anything you have to discuss with me you can say in front of Pearl.” He said and Amelia reluctantly opened one of the ledgers.
“It starts here, you see.”  Amelia pointed to where she first noticed the discrepancies.  “It is a small unnoticeable amount, but the missing money continues for a while and slowly becomes larger as time moves on.  At the end of her employment, Ms. Pryce is exceedingly sloppy and doesn’t bother to hide the fact that she’s stealing.”
“I told you that rat faced hag was up to no good, Robert.” Pearl continued to examine her fingernails as she spoke.  Amelia gazed up at her in shock.  Pearl wasn’t afraid to speak her mind.
“Yes, well whoever is stealing from you now knew what Ms. Pryce was doing and thought they could get away with more.”  Amelia paused, tapping her pen in the ledger.  “How many staff members were friendly with Ms. Pryce?”
“The cook,” Pearl said.  “She was always talking with the cook.”  Pearl mumbled something under her breath about the thief in the kitchen.
“Pearl, you are so suspicious of everyone.” Robert reprimanded. 
“And you give too much credit when none is due.”  Pearl responded sharply.  She looked at Robert but turned her attention again on Amelia.  “And that is why you get so angry when someone cheats you.”  Pearl’s eyes narrowed as she spoke. 
“It doesn’t matter right now.”  Robert huffed.  “Lee will search out the culprit in the morning.”
Amelia glanced at the small clock on the mantle and realized that it was much later than she thought.  Two servants were carrying in a large pot filled with hot water.  Sally followed close behind with fresh towels.
“Come along Pearl; let’s get tonight’s entertainment started.”   Robert said as he led Pearl out of the room by the elbow.  Once they were out of Amelia’s hearing, Robert asked. “What do you think of our new Miss Lee?”
“You mean your new Miss Lee.”  Pearl said and gave Robert a sideways glance. “She’s a little rude.”
“You’re a little rude, Pearl.” Robert replied as they walked slowly down the hall.  “Would it hurt you to be nice to people?”
Pearl snorted and shook her head no. “She’s also hiding something, but she seems like a harmless little mouse.”  Pearl said with a sigh.
“And?” Robert asked.
“And you’re interested in her.” Pearl responded flatly.
“The chit is not my type.” He frowned slightly. “Maybe I’ll invite her to dinner.”
“Alright, Robert.” Pearl said as she rolled her eyes.  Robert always wanted to know her opinion when he was interested in a woman.  He always asked her what she thought and when she told him he would ignore her and do what he wanted anyway. “You’re not interested in her. She’s not your type. Have fun at dinner, and let me know when I can say I told you so” Pearl left Robert’s side and walked to the main floor.  
Robert followed Pearl.  He walked around the club for a little bit.  Robert greeted members with hearty handshakes, he spoke to his girls and decided to go back up to Lee’s room to invite her to have dinner with him.  He walked into Lee’s quarters without knocking expecting her to be clean, dressed and working on the ledgers again.  Instead, she was in her room drying herself off after her bath. She was completely naked, proving to Robert that the person in front of him was not a child.
He watched the drops of water drip off her long wet red hair, roll down her back and caress her round bottom.  He wanted to lick the little droplets from her heart-shaped rump and then bend her over her bed so he could slip his tongue into her creamy core and lick her until she moaned with delight.  Robert wondered if Lee had dark red curls between her thighs to match the curls on her head.  
Clearly, Robert’s new employee did not hear him enter her room, she also had not bothered to lock her door.  Robert felt himself creep closer to her, admiring the unclothed beauty.  He saw the crisscrossed red welts on the woman’s back and reached out to touch the marks.  His boot scuffed the floor and Amelia stood rigid, turning she faced him dropping her towel in the process.  He smiled at her and she shook slightly making her appear as a wounded rabbit in the presence of hungry prey. Slowly Robert walked over to her.  He bent over and picked up the damp towel from the floor and wrapped it around her body.  He stood momentarily staring at his little beauty.  It would be easy for him to possess her now, but she looked too frightened.
 Amelia’s face twisted from shock to rage in an instant.  “What in God’s name do you think you are doing in here?” she said.  Her voice shaking.
“Praying that your towel falls down.” He said as Amelia scowled at him.  “Oh, Lee.  Can you blame me for wanting to see you naked? You are a very beautiful woman.”
“You called me a little girl earlier.” She scowled.
“I can see that you’re not.” He smiled.  
“Why are you here and why don’t you knock when you enter a room?” Amelia held onto her towel tightly with both hands.
“I came to ask you to dine with me, and I don’t knock on any door in my home.”
“I don’t want to eat with you, and I would appreciate it if you would knock on my door.”  She stared at him.
“Lee, please get dressed and meet me in the hall.” He said.  Amelia’s mouth was closed tight.  “Unless you would like to drop that towel for me, Lee.  I guarantee you would definitely enjoy yourself.”  He smiled at her.
Amelia opened her mouth to scream at him and he said “I’m joking Lee.  I told you,” he paused shaking his head slightly as he continued to smile at her, “you’re not my type.”  
Amelia took a deep breath and forced it out through her nose.  “If I agree to get dressed and dine with you, will you leave now?”
“Yes, I’ll leave.  You are no fun, Lee.” Robert left before she could say anything else.  
Out in the hall Robert looked at his hands as the shook uncontrollably.  He briefly wondered if Pearl was right, no he wasn’t taken with this girl.  He was just admiring a beautiful woman, a naked and beautiful woman with a hint of vulnerability.  It was the way she pushed him away from her, he told himself.  It was the chase and not her that he found so alluring.  Beautiful naked women walked around in front of him every day, but it was the one who feigned no interest in him that piqued his curiosity.  Yes, that was what it was, he told himself.  Robert was not attracted to the innocent redhead at all.

















Chapter 3
Amelia would have to remember to lock the door to her office if she needed privacy, but she had a feeling that locked doors and privacy meant nothing to Robert Deacon.  Amelia selected a dress to wear.  It was a high neck muslin dress in black.  After her employer saw her nude, she was glad that the dress covered so much. 
 The man had thought of everything, underclothing, combs, brushes, soaps, hairpins, and a very indecent sheer nightdress.  At least most of the clothing he provided for her was appropriate.   She pulled her hair up into a very loose chignon and left some red curls to frame her face.  Robert had left a set of keys on Amelia’s desk.  She picked them up, the keys hung on a gold chain which was long enough for her to wear around her neck.  She slipped the chain around her neck, locked the office door and walked down the hall.  
Amelia stopped at the balcony and looked down to what would have been a large ballroom.  Instead of couples dancing, table games of chance were in every location being run by women dressed very similarly to Pearl with low cut bodices and breasts spilling over the tops.  Amelia watched men throw money onto the tables not even paying attention to what was in their hand.  Their eyes were fixed on the beautiful woman standing in front of them.  She watched Pearl walk around the room and talk with various guests.  She would stand close to them and brush her breast on their arm’s, slide a finger down their cheek’s, rub their shoulders.  Many of them would hand Pearl a card.  Amelia saw Pearl take one gentleman over to a table being run by a lovely blond.  Pearl handed the card to the girl.  The blond excused herself from the table and took the gentleman’s arm and led him off to another room.  Pearl took the girl’s place at the table.
“Would you like a tour while we’re open?” Robert whispered in her ear.  Amelia had been so engrossed in watching the people interact on the floor that she never heard Robert step up behind her.  
Keeping her eyes on the floor she said, “You have a habit of sneaking up behind me, Sir.”
Robert placed his hands on her hips and leaned in closer “I like the view.”  Amelia felt her face turn red.  He let go of her and took a step back.  “How about that tour.” He said quickly.  She turned to face him, Robert smiled as he waited for her response.
“I think it would be highly inappropriate.” She said.
“You and your sense of propriety.  No one would give you a second glance down there.  You have entirely too much on.” He said.
“Yes, about the clothing,” she said looking down to examine the fine fabric. She rolled the material between her fingers.  Even Mrs. Hunter didn’t have dresses as nice as this.  “They are too extravagant.” 
“They were a gift, Lee.” He snorted.  
“I am an employee, Sir.  You don’t need to spend that kind of money on me.”
“It’s my money, Lee.” He sighed.  He was slightly exasperated that an employee was lecturing him on his spending habits.  “I will spend it how I like.  I’m glad I didn’t get you perfume.”  He muttered.
“No, that’s absolutely too personal.” She lectured.   “And I think a nightgown was sent up to me by mistake.”  She continued.
“Oh no, I saw it in the shop and thought of you.” He grinned.  Brows furrowed and mouth open, Amelia was in shock that Robert would say something like that made him think of her.   Again, Amelia was going to lecture him but Robert offered his arm. “Come, I want you to understand what I do and how much we approximately make in a night.”
She reluctantly took Robert’s arm and led her down the staircase to the main room with the table games.  Robert was right, not one person glanced at Amelia.  She saw a total of five table games on the floor, each one being run by a scantily dressed girl.  A low haze of smoke hung in the room as many patrons puffed on cigars while they gambled.  Amelia noticed four large naked women statues painted gold in each corner of the main room.  The women were on their knees and their arms were in the air.  They had their hands cupped together to hold a large globe over their head. They served as lamps for the room.   Now that they were lit, Amelia could see the room a little bit better. Portraits of nude women in various poses hung on every wall.
“I watched Pearl collect cards from some of the men.  What are they for?” Amelia asked.  

“All the ladies have cards.  My guests will make appointments to visit with them.  If a lady is working a table, Pearl will take their spot.”
“Well, you put that very nicely.” Amelia said with surprise.
“I didn’t want to offend your delicate sensibilities.” He spoke with a quick grin and gave her a wink. 
As they walked around the room, Amelia observed clientele coming and going.  Guests would show cards to a butler at the door to gain entrance.
“Does everyone show a card to get in?” She asked.
“A gentleman needs an invitation to enter and then they will need to become a member of my establishment.  Once you are a member you can bring a guest, but the member would be responsible for that guest’s behavior.”
“Lord Winthrope is a member.”  Amelia spoke with a touch dread in her voice as she remembered her last encounter with her uncle.
“His membership has been revoked.”  Robert replied harshly.   “He amassed a large debt with one of my girls and on the gaming tables.  He tried to pay one of my girls with jewelry, and while gifts are not discouraged my girls need to be paid in currency.”
Amelia giggled.  “So, that is where Lady Winthrope’s jewelry was disappearing to.”  Robert looked at her with a raised eyebrow.  “Don’t know why she was so angry, they were only paste.” She continued.
They continued the tour.  There were several rooms along the perimeter of the main hall.  Robert explained that there were nightly card games in most of the rooms.  Some games were public and some were private.  There was another room where ladies would entertain groups of men.  Robert explained that the women would sing or dance, but wore little to no clothing.  Sometimes Robert would hold large soiree to build his clientele.  Women, other than those employed by Robert could attend.  Amelia wanted to ask what happened during Robert’s soirees, but she felt it best not to ask.
“Lord Winthrop thought I could cover his debt?”  Amelia asked slowly.  She looked at Robert, the grim expression on his face told her she didn’t want to know the answer.
“Some places like this auction off young and innocent women to the highest bidder.  That is not a service I practice here.”  He said refusing to explain any further.
Robert escorted Amelia back upstairs.  He led her down another hallway.  It was brightly lit with lovely wall sconces.  Dark green wallpaper with tiny pink flowers adored the walls.  A matching green carpet lined the floor.  Robert stopped and opened a door that led to his private chambers.  He had a dining area set up for two.  A sideboard filled with food stood along a wall at the back of the room and a servant stood waiting to serve them their supper.  There was a door to the right of the table that Amelia presumed lead to Robert’s bedchamber.  He pulled out a chair for her and she sat down.  The chair cushion was covered in a plush plum colored velvet.  A fire was lit in the fireplace and the lighting was low keeping the room in a soft glow.  A white china plate with silver piping was placed in front of her holding much more food than she had eaten in a long time.  The room had a definite masculine feel.  All the colors were dark, but none of the nude portraits that decorated the lower levels were to be found here giving Amelia the idea that Robert entertained female guests in his private quarters often.
“So, what do you think, Lee?”
Amelia smirked and crossed her arms across her chest leaning back in her chair.  “To each his own.” She said.
“I take it you do not approve of what I do.” Robert replied.
“Obviously, there is a demand for what you do.” She responded smartly.
Robert smiled softly. “So, you do know how to be nice.”
“You have been kind to me today.  That’s not something I was always treated to, especially by an employer.” Amelia placed her napkin in her lap.  She picked up a fork and pushed food around her plate.  The Winthropes kept her barely fed and she wasn’t sure she could eat what was in front of her.  Amelia looked up as Robert was watching her.  He frowned at her.
“This isn’t my only business.”  He spoke defensively.  Amelia placed her fork down and gave him her attention.  “I have a shipping company and some investments overseas.”
“You don’t have to explain yourself to me, Sir.” She shook her head.  Picking up her fork again she took a bite of roast beef.
“Don’t call me Sir.  Robert is fine. I’m just making small talk.  Tell me about yourself, Lee.”  Robert wanted to draw the girl out of her shell.
“There is not much to tell.  I was in Lord and Lady Winthrope’s employment for four years, but I was not paid.”
“Why didn’t they pay you?” he tilted his head to the side and drew his brow together.
“My father died and Lady Winthrope said he owed her money and I had to work off his debt.”  She was playing with the food on her plate again. Amelia kept her head down, not wanting her new employer to see the pain in her eyes while she spoke of her father and the treatment of her aunt.
“Where did you grow up.”  He asked.
“I grew up in Lord and Lady Southerton’s home until Lord Southerton’s death.” She said continuing to stare at her plate.
“Do you have any siblings?” he asked trying hard to draw information from the lady across from him.
“I don’t want to speak about my family.”  She said dropping the fork on her plate, making a clatter with her silverware.  She looked up at Robert.  A hint of anger flickered in her eyes; her hands shook as she balled them into fists.  
“Lee, who hit you?” He asked her softly.  She turned her head as her cheeks burned. “That won’t happen here.  No one will hurt you.” He continued.
“I don’t want to talk about this.” Her lips were drawn in a tight line.  She refused to meet his gaze.
“Alright, Lee.”  He spoke with caution.  “What would you like to talk about?”  He paused and continued to stare at her.
Amelia took a deep breath to calm herself.  She straightened her spine and squared her shoulders. “Since you are so inclined to talk about the past, tell me Robert, how did you end up here?”
 “I am the second son of Lord Deacon and Lady Deacon.  My father was the Earl of Prescott.  My brother, James inherited the title, land, and all the lordly responsibilities that went along with it.”  He waved his hand with his fork in the air as spoke. “My choices were to join the clergy or become a lawyer, but neither option appealed to me.”  Robert shrugged his shoulders.
 “Whorehouse was the best option you had?”  Amelia tilted her head to the side and wrinkled her nose.  “Do your parents approve?”
“My parents are dead, but my lack of responsibility angers my brother and that makes me happy.” He smiled a bit while he spoke. “The ‘lack of responsibility’ are my brother’s words, not mine.”
His body was relaxed and as he spoke he smiled.
 “What`s the matter, my Princess?”  He asked.
 “You are not the same man I met this morning.” She replied. Amelia crossed her arms, drew her eyebrows together and studied Robert.  
 “This morning I was angry with your former employer.  He owed me a large sum of money and instead of taking care of his responsibilities he tried to sell me an innocent girl to take care of a problem he created.”  He paused again.  Amelia knew he was studying her, perhaps trying to catch her in a lie about her past.  Amelia did her best to hold herself still, she was sure if she wiggled uncomfortably in her seat he would see through her deception.  “Did I scare you this morning?”
 “No.” She lied.  His outburst at her uncle had scared her and until a few moments ago, she had no idea why her uncle was selling her to this man.  She was relieved that Robert had no foul intentions toward her. “Let’s discuss finances.  That is why you invited me to dine with you, is it not?”
 “Not entirely, but since you insist on discussing something that could wait till morning.” “Although, tonight is a bad example.  It’s a slow night.”
 “How is tonight a slow night?” She asked.He said with a grin.  
“On a busy night, there are lines around the tables, all the rooms are full, and the girls are kept very busy.  You will understand soon.”
 “Do all the girls downstairs” Amelia trailed off.  She wiggled herself around in her seat and stared at her plate of food. “Do they all sell pleasure to the men that come to your establishment?”  
Robert laughed out loud at Amelia’s obvious discomfort.  “No, Lee.”  He said when he was finished laughing at her.  “Not all the women sell themselves.  There are some that bring drinks and many of the table girls do not take clients, but they are tipped by the guests when they win.  Some of my girls might only take on one client instead of many.”
Amelia was disgusted but slightly intrigued.  She put her fork down and folded her hands in her lap. “A girl could go downstairs and make money for only bringing a drink, smiling, and wearing almost nothing?”
 “That’s the general idea.” He said.  He stared into her eyes.  Amelia could not move or look away.  Finally, after what felt like several minutes, Amelia could look back down at her plate. His tone changed and he became stern.  “You’re not thinking of going down there, are you?” 
Amelia looked up at Robert.  He had suddenly become serious, like he had that morning while he was yelling at her uncle.  Truthfully the thought had crossed her mind. She could work upstairs during the day and then serve drinks and smile at night.  She would be able to make the money she needed to pay for her voyage much quicker.  
“I wasn’t” she lied again.
Amelia felt more exposed in front of him now then she had when he walked in on her bath.  She told him a lie, he looked angry.  Amelia felt a burning sensation spread across her cheeks.  Her blush gave her away. 
 “Do not go onto the floor.” He said.
 “You said no one would give me a second glance down there.” She stated.
 “I know what I said.” Robert shouted at her, Amelia jumped in her seat. “Do not go onto the floor unless you are in my company.”  
 “I, I, don’t understand.” She said.
 “Lee, downstairs is not a place for a young and innocent woman.  You could be hurt.”  
 “But you said that you protect the women who work for you?” She questioned him again.
 “You don’t understand what goes on in some of those rooms.”  He said.
 “I have an idea of what is going on.”  She said trying to defend herself.	
“Say that you will not go downstairs without me, Lee.”
 “I won’t go downstairs without you.” She replied, angry that he spoke to her like a child.
“Good.”  He said and smiled.  
Amelia could tell that Robert enjoyed having a good time and he enjoyed talking about himself and his business.  She asked him more about his other businesses.  She learned that he had recently acquired a company that shipped most of its goods to the United States, but he wanted to start importing goods from more exotic locations.  She wondered briefly if Robert had any dealings with her brother, but she was too afraid to ask him.
They finished their supper and Amelia was exhausted.  She had been up early with the Winthrope staff and she was up far later than she was normally used to.  She excused herself from the table, but Robert insisted on escorting her back to her quarters. Robert walked her slowly back to her room.  “I meant what I said earlier.  You will not be hurt here.” He lingered at her door waiting for an invitation inside her room.  “I hope you could learn to trust me.” Robert reached out to tuck a stray curl behind her ear.
Amelia nodded curtly, “Good night, Sir.” She replied as she shut and locked the door.
Robert smiled. “It doesn’t matter if you lock your door, Lee.”  He said to himself.  “I do keep a spare.”  He wondered what she would do if he walked in on her undressing.  He could imagine Lee letting down her red curls and then slowly stripping off her clothing.  He could see himself caressing her creamy exposed flesh, kissing her neck and shoulder.  Robert again wondered what she tasted like.  Blood rushed to his groin and his hand was moving to the skeleton key he kept in the pocket of his waistcoat.
“How was your supper?” Robert jumped as he recognized Pearl`s voice behind him.
“Aren’t you supposed to be on the floor?  He asked.
“Things are covered and I’m taking a break.”
Robert laughed. “You never take a break except to sleep.  You were spying on me.”
Pearl smiled but said nothing.  Robert knew she wouldn’t lie to him, instead she would not answer him.  Robert always knew when Pearl was telling him a lie and she always spied on him.  He didn’t need to ask her what she thought of the young woman he brought home, he already knew her answer.
“Supper was fine.” He finally answered.  “And you are right, Lee is hiding something.  She was upset when I asked about her family.”
“Well, you know my experience with family.”  Pearl said and she shrugged.  She slipped her arm in the crook of Robert’s arm and slowly led him to the balcony.  She released him and walked toward the stairs.  Before she descended, Pearl turned back to Robert and said. “Don’t do it, Robert.  She’ll ruin you.”
Robert smiled and shook his head. “I couldn’t possibly understand what you mean.”  He said.
Pearl continued down the steps, glancing over her shoulder to see Robert smiling.  She knew it was too late.  Robert was already obsessed with his little Lee.  Pearl knew that Lee might be able to keep her distance from Robert, but once Robert wanted something he very rarely let go of it.  And Robert wanted Lee.  Pearl would have to do her best to convince Lee to stay away from him and never to be alone with him.  Perhaps she could persuade Lee to seek other employment, but Lee could not stay.  The girl would be bad for business.

















Chapter 4

Amelia woke with sunlight streaming on her face. She had left her curtains opened the night before. This was the first morning in years that Amelia was not awake at dawn.  She heard a light knocking sound and she remembered that she had locked the office door.  She grabbed the dressing gown that Robert had left for her and dashed to open her office door.  On the other side of the door Amelia found poor little Sally trying to balance a large tray and knock at the same time.  Amelia stepped aside to let the girl in.
“Good morning, Miss.  I brought you something to eat.” Sally quickly placed the tray on Amelia’s desk.  
“Sally, what time is it?” Amelia asked.
“About half-past nine.” The girl said with a smile.
“I haven’t slept that late for years.” Amelia worried.  It wouldn’t do to sleep in on the second day of the job.
“Yes, I figured you for an early riser, but Mr. Deacon said you had a long day and I should let you rest.”  Sally removed the lid from the tray. There was more food on the tray than Amelia could eat.  She informed Sally that toast and tea were more than enough going forward.  Amelia took what she wanted and offered some to Sally.  “No thank you, Miss.  Mr. Deacon keeps his staff fed well.”  Sally beamed.  Amelia sent Sally back downstairs with the tray; Amelia quickly ate her breakfast and dressed.
Sally came back with the ledger from last night and a note from Robert explaining that he would not be able to meet with her since he had more pressing matters to deal with.  The note did say that if she had any questions Pearl would be able to help her in his absence.  “Just as well.” She muttered aloud. Sitting in a room alone with her new employer caused Amelia’s heart to race.  
Robert didn’t sleep much that night and when he did sleep he was tortured with dreams of a redheaded vixen with full breasts, luscious lips and a perfectly rounded backside.  Every time he closed his eyes he saw Lee bent over her desk, Lee slowly taking off her stockings, Lee sitting on her bed completely naked with her legs spread begging him to touch her.  In the early morning darkness Robert woke up and was ready to charge into her room to beg her to let him possess her for an hour. Robert was a man above begging.  He would never beg a woman for her company.  He wrote Lee a quick note to let her know he had to attend to other business with his shipping company at the docks.  The sky was a purple-blue when he left his home.
  There was nothing pressing with his other company.  He was expecting a shipment was coming in from somewhere in South Carolina, but the captain was not due back in port for several weeks.  His building was being utilized as a storage facility and almost empty.
He walked into his office and saw the shipping manager organizing paperwork and schedules.  The manager was a short pudgy man with a mop of curly blond hair on his head. 
“Can I help you, sir?”  The short man looked confused.  Robert was hardly ever in the warehouse and never this early.  Robert usually sent another member of his staff to run errands down to his warehouse for him.
          Robert couldn’t think of a good excuse to give.  “No, Tom.” Robert smiled at the confused man.  “I just wanted to see what was coming in soon.”
“Well, nothings due in soon.  We have the Lady Fair due in from the Carolinas the middle of next month if the weather is good.  We had a delay with one of the ships in Jamaica because of hurricane season.”
“Hurricanes this time of year?”  Robert asked.
“Sometimes they go till November.”  Tom said.  “Here is the manifest and all of the shipping logs.”
Tom went over what was being shipped out and what was coming in and approximately when things would arrive.  Tom was an excellent manager and was incredibly good at predicting when a ship would come in.  He was even good at factoring local weather, which was why Robert left almost everything in Tom’s hands. Tom always kept his office orderly with paperwork filed away in its proper location.  If Tom was not in the office, anyone would be able to quickly find what they needed without waiting for the manager to return.  In less than an hour Tom went over everything, every ship, every item in storage and every invoice that was out.
 “Very good, Tom.  What kind of employer would I be if I didn’t come down from time to time to see what is going on?”
 “Yes, sir.” Tom paused while he waited for Robert to say more.  “Is there anything else I can help you with?”  Tom said.  He shuffled around his paperwork and started to refile the forms he had pulled for Robert.  
 “Uh, no.  I should get going.”  Robert looked at the walls and the floor.  He was trying to come up with some excuse to stay, but there was nothing more he could think of.
Robert left the warehouse and the bewildered manager behind.  An hour in the warehouse and a half hour to get there.  He needed to waste more time, the less time he spent in the presence of Lee the better.  The shops were beginning to open and the smells of fresh baked goods were making his mouth water. Robert had rushed out the door that morning barely giving himself time to dress, eating had been out of the question.  Now all he could concentrate on was his empty belly.  He quickly ran into a little bakery and grabbed a fresh pasty to quiet his stomach.  Once his belly was satisfied, his thoughts immediately went back to Lee.  It seemed as soon as one part of him was satisfied he remembered that another part was not.
 “Damn woman.”  He said out loud while rubbing his chin. Luckily no one was near enough to hear him.  Robert continued to walk past opening shops.  He stopped in front of a jewelry shop window that had decorative hair combs on display.  Robert regarded the delicate items with their intricate work.  The shop lady stepped outside to stand beside him.  A smile spread across her face and she gently touched his arm.
“What color is your lady’s hair?” she asked.
 “Red.” Robert answered without hesitation.  He never took his eyes off the window display.
“Ah, how lovely.”  She said.  “Might I suggest the silver set with the emerald chips?  They are rare pieces indeed.  Much like your lady’s hair and they would complement her color nicely.”  
Robert nodded in agreement as the shopkeeper gently lead him inside.  Moments later Robert walked out with significantly less money in his purse and a delicate set of matching combs wrapped up in a pretty package.   He stared at the package in his hands.  “What the hell was I thinking?” he said much louder this time.	
Robert knew what he was thinking.  He would give the gift to Lee and she would be so happy with the trinkets that she would respond like his former mistresses.  He pictured Lee undoing his breaches and caressing his cock with her nimble hands gently teasing and stroking him.  Then kneeling before him to take him in her mouth.  Robert felt himself stiffen and realized that he stopped walking.  People were staring at him.  “Damn damn damn damn damn!” he shouted.  Nervous people were crossing the street to avoid him.  Many glanced over their shoulders to see what Robert would do next.
He continued home.  No, Lee would not accept such an extravagant gift.  And he could not treat her like one of his mistresses.  Lee had more substance and could not be bought with trinkets.  It would take cunning and patients to get her into his bed.  Perhaps Pearl was right and he should just stay away from the girl.  Perhaps, if he could just have one taste of her he could get Lee out of his system. He spent the rest of his uncomfortable walk home trying not to think of Lee.
Amelia poured over the ledgers the rest of the morning.  She had finally found where the larger sums of money were disappearing.  This usually happened when the cook paid for his own supplies.  One price was written down on the books and receipts listed another.  Amelia let out a frustrated sigh.  Clearly, if someone would have kept an eye on these charges money would not have disappeared.
 “Having difficulties?”
Amelia looked up and saw Pearl standing in the doorway. Amelia didn’t like how Robert’s partner seemed to materialize out of thin air. ‘Someone should put a bell on her.’ Amelia thought to herself.   Pearl had on more clothing today than she did last night.  The woman stared at Amelia with the same smug look on her face that she had the night before. 
“No, I found the problem.” Amelia huffed.  “I can’t believe that someone let this theft get out of control like this.”  Amelia said.
 “That’s Robert.  He finds household finances such a bore.  He entrusts other to do the work for him.  Sometimes he finds someone who abuses his trust.”  Pearl looked directly at Amelia when she said those last words.  Amelia choked on a rude response to Pearl.  Amelia wished the woman would just say what she thought and be done with her pretense.
Amelia slid the book around to face Pearl.  Robert’s partner crossed the room to Amelia’s desk to view what Amelia was pointing to.  Amelia glanced up nervously at Pearl, the woman’s suspicious nature left Amelia uneasy.

“Here is a receipt from the grocer, but on that same day there was a large discrepancy. This is what the club brought in the night before and no other expenses are accounted for.  Either the cook is an idiot or a thief.  Quite possibly, he is both.” Amelia shrugged her shoulders.
Pearl seemed to ponder what Amelia said.  Her arms were crossed and she tapped her pointer finger to her bottom lip as she thought.  Pearl looked up from the book and smiled as if she was struck by a brilliant idea.  “Let us go and ask him.”  Pearl said.  She snatched up the ledgers and receipts in one hand and Amelia’s wrist in the other.  She pulled Amelia toward the door and guided her down the grey narrow servants’ staircase that led to the kitchen.  The kitchen was large, warm and smelled of wonderfully cooked food. Small copper pots and cast-iron pans hung about the stove. Nothing old, dented and broken hung in here.  The cook was busy preparing a meal.
 “Good morning, Ms. Pearl.  I can fix you something to eat if you are hungry.”  The cook was a short balding man with a large belly and bad teeth.
Pearl ignored the question and threw the ledger with receipts on the table in front of him.  The cook had been preparing a loaf of bread.  Flour sprayed up from the table where Pearl dropped the book.  
“Are you responsible for this?”  She asked pointing to the receipt from the grocer. 
The little man’s hands were trembling, and beads of sweat were breaking out on his brow and above his lip.  His eyes widened and he turned his head to look at the back door.  He looked back to the ladies and quickly dropped what was in his hands as he ran out the door. 
“That answers my question.” Pearl smiled smugly.
Amelia stared at Pearl with her jaw hanging open.  Pearl looked satisfied with herself.
 “What the hell just happened?”  Both ladies turned around to see Robert standing behind them in the doorway leading to the dining room.   He was angry; his voice boomed in the kitchen.  Amelia jumped.  It was the same tone she had heard yesterday in her uncle’s office.
 “Lee found your thief.  He ran away.”  Pearl said finally letting go of Amelia’s hand.  Amelia smiled and laughed nervously.  She rubbed her wrist where Pearl had squeezed her, wiggling her fingers to get the feeling back.
 “You were supposed to bring me everything you found.” Robert boomed.
 “She showed them to me and I took care of the problem.”  Pearl said flatly.  Amelia stared at Pearl, no fear creased the other woman’s brow as Robert yelled at them.
Robert scowled. Amelia tried to shrink away.  “You have no right to fire my staff, Pearl.”
“You were not taking care of the problem.  Lee showed me how long this has been happening and it was disgraceful.” Pearl chastised.
 “I need a cook, Pearl.  Willy never complained when I asked him to work late for one of our parties.”

 “Willy never complained because he was robbing you blind.”  Pearl yelled. She had stood on her toes and thrust her chest out as she yelled at Robert.
Amelia watched the bickering pair when she was struck with a brilliant idea.  “I know someone.”  She said softly.  Robert and Pearl continued to argue.  “I know someone.”  Amelia said louder this time.  This got their attention as they slowly looked at her.  “She’s an excellent cook and she’s honest.  Nancy would never steal from an employer.”  Amelia’s voice was shaking.  Robert and Pearl stared at Amelia, neither of them said a word.  She waited nervously for one of them to speak to her.  “Um, I can speak to her.”  Amelia said.
 “Good, go speak to your cook friend.”  Robert said.  “And don’t take no for an answer.  Offer her anything she wants to start now.”  Amelia headed for the door.  “And take the carriage.”  He shouted after her.
 “See, here you go again.  You don’t know this girl and yet you are trusting her to hire your staff for you.”  Pearl said.
 “Why not, you fire staff for me.”  He responded.  “And that is the job of a housekeeper.”  He added.
Pearl recognized the look of obsession in Robert’s eyes.  “Stop.”  She said.  Robert looked at her with confusion.  “Don’t pretend to be an idiot, Robert.  You’re already obsessed with that girl.”  She poked a long finger into Robert’s chest.  Pearl was still frowning.
 “Obsessed is a strong word, Pearl.  Lee is an attractive your woman.  I admire all attractive women.”  He said.  Pearl snorted in disbelief.  
 “She is not like your usual woman. Lee is too smart and she is hiding something.” “Most women are hiding something.  It’s usually their real age.” He laughed at himself. “And what exactly do you mean she is too smart?” His eyes narrowed as he spoke to her.  He waited for her to explain herself.
 “I’m serious, Robert.” She said poking Robert in the chest again.  “Lee is not like your other feather brained conquests, and she is far better educated than any scullery maid should be.  That girl” Pearl said pointing at the door “will not fall at your feet with some simple flattery.  You will lose yourself trying to chase after her.”
 “Are we making predictions now, Pearl?” He asked and he lightly placed his hand over his heart “I promise I will not lose my heart to little Miss Lee.”
 “Robert, be serious!”  She shouted hitting him on the shoulder hard enough to make him rock on his heels.  “You know what I mean.”
 “Pearl,” he said gently as he placed his hand on her shoulder.  “You are always looking out for me.  I will be fine.  Do not worry yourself about me.”
Amelia met with the carriage driver and gave him directions to her aunt and uncle’s home, requesting to be dropped off a block away.  Once they arrived, Amelia briskly walked to the home and managed to sneak to the back of the house.  Quietly Amelia crept up to the kitchen window.  She saw Andy, cheerfully sitting at the table, swinging his little legs while he played with old toys.  Amelia was unable to tell if anyone else was there.  She tapped lightly on the glass to get the boy’s attention.  Andy looked up to see Amelia pressing her face to the Kitchen window.  The little boy giggled and ran to open the door.  Amelia went in and hugged him.
“Amelia, mummy said you were never coming back.”  He squealed with delight.
 “I came back for you and your mummy, if your mummy will go with me.”  She said.
 “Andy, who are you talking to?”  Nancy stepped into the kitchen.  She was wiping her hands on her apron and saw Amelia clutching her son.  Dropping her apron, Nancy ran to hug Amelia.   “Miss Amelia,” She exclaimed.  “Mrs. Hunter said your uncle sold you to a bawd house to pay his gambling debt.”  Nancy squealed.
“What kind of house is that?”  Andy asked.
“It’s a big house with lots of ladies living in it.”  Amelia said.  “Go play outside so I can speak to your mummy.”  She continued and the little boy ran outside.  “Where is Mrs. Hunter?  I need to explain to her what happened.”
“She quit.”  Nancy said.  Nancy fiddled with her apron.  “She told Lady Winthrop she would not work for a family who would sell their relatives.  Her Ladyship is in such a foul temper.  First she loses her free labor and then Mrs. Hunter left.”
“Do you know where Mrs. Hunter might have gone?  I do need to tell her that I am safe and sound.”  Amelia said.
“No one has seen or heard from her since she left.  I do hope she is alright; I know her health wasn’t the best.”
Amelia pursed her lips and thought for a moment.  She knew Mrs. Hunter wasn’t feeling well and the only reason why the older woman stayed was to help Amelia.  She decided that she would take time to seek out Mrs. Hunter, but she came here primarily to bring Nancy back with her.
 “How would you like to make my aunt even more angry?”  Amelia grinned.
 “What do you have in mind?” Nancy asked.
 “My new employer is in desperate need of a new cook.  Come with me Nan.” Nancy thought for a moment. Amelia waited a moment before she continued. “I know Aunt Beatrice and Uncle Charles can’t pay their staff regularly.  When was the last time they paid your waged in full?”  Amelia asked.  “When was the last time Aunt Beatrice didn’t try to cheat you out of your wages?  I want you to be able to care for Andy properly.”
“But a whorehouse, Amelia?  What about Andy?  And what if I leave here and the housekeeper doesn’t want me?”
Amelia smiled, “I’m the new housekeeper, Nan.  You didn’t think that I was one of those girls, did you?”
“I didn’t know what to think.  You left so abruptly yesterday.” Nancy replied
“Don’t worry about Andy.  He will be asleep when the club opens.  The job is yours if you want it.  Name your price; my employer will say yes.” Amelia beamed.
Nancy put her finger in the air.  “Give me thirty minutes to collect our things.”  
“Alright, I’ll take Andy with me.  I’ll be in the black carriage on the corner.”
Thirty minutes passed and Amelia was playing with Andy outside the carriage.  Nancy was quickly walking down the street with her belongings tucked underneath her arms.  Amelia ran to help her.
 “I’m nervous.”  Nancy said.
 “Don’t be, Nancy.  This will work out just fine.  What did my aunt and uncle say when you quit?”
 “Nothing.  I walked out.” Nancy smiled nervously.  “Like everyone else.”
Amelia laughed.  She might be able to make enough money to reunite with her brother and make her aunt and uncle miserable at the same time.  Life was certainly turning around.



















Chapter 5
Amelia took Nancy in through the kitchen door.  Robert was waiting for them, he was fuming.  
“What took you so long?” He growled.
“We had to gather Nancy and Andrew’s things.” She replied. Andy had been hiding behind Amelia’s skirt, he peeked around her at the large man in front of them.
“Hello” The small child offered a friendly smile.
Robert scowled at the child, “Lee, I need to speak to privately.”  He grabbed her arm and led her into the dining room, shutting the door behind him.  “An hour, it took you an over an hour to get your cook.”
“I told you sir, she needed to collect their belongings.  These things do take some time.” She replied.
“I am not a patient man.”
“I see that, sir.”
“And a child?  Lee, please tell me you understand what type of establishment this is?”
Amelia folded her arms across her chest.  “I understand what goes on here exactly.  You said you needed someone immediately and I said I knew someone.  She can start today.  You understand that if you turn her away I will have to interview applicants and it might take weeks for us to find someone.  I know Nancy and her son.  I know she is good at what she does.”
Robert grunted in response.
“Let her cook something for you.  You’ll see she is excellent.”  Robert stared at her suspiciously and Amelia sighed.  “I understand that we’ve only just meet and not under the best of circumstances, but I have absolutely nothing to gain and everything to lose by misleading you.  Please give Nancy a chance.”
“Fine,” Robert shouted. “Go tell your friend to make something.  If she’s as good as you say she is the job is hers.  But Lee, please keep that child out of my club.  I can’t have children running around in here.”
Amelia smiled and nodded as she ran back to the kitchen. Robert paced around his dining room waiting for the women to return. He contemplated Pearl’s warnings, was he really letting his feelings for Lee interfere with how his household ran?  Feelings were a strong word, lust was more accurate.  Pearl was right about one thing, someone had taken time and money to educate a maid.  He was certain it was not the Winthropes. Finally, Nancy and Lee came in with his meal.  She had a simple pastry dish.  Robert sat down without a word and started to eat.  The women stared at him.  Nancy’s hands shook uncontrollably.
 “I’m sorry, Sir.  I could make something more complicated if I had more time.”  Nancy said.
Robert waived his hand to stop the nervous woman from talking.  He was already annoyed and the last thing he wanted to listen to was more of the cook’s nervous chatter. 
Nancy grabbed Amelia’s wrist.  “I told you this wouldn’t work.”  She hissed loudly.  
They watched Robert’s face. His scowl softened as he ate. He hated to admit it, but the dish was good and he needed someone.  Robert shook his head and took a deep breath.
 “The position is yours if you want it.  Keep your child out of sight.” Robert muttered.
 Nancy squealed with delight. “You won’t regret this, Sir.”  Nancy said as she and Amelia walked back to the kitchen.
 “I already do.”  Robert mumbled under his breath.
Amelia and Nancy were in the kitchen but Andy, who was told to sit and wait at the table, was nowhere to be seen. A door next to the pantry stood ajar; both women went into a small hallway that led to a room in Robert’s club.  Andy was happily perched on the knee of one of a busty blonde.
“Andy, we told you to wait in the kitchen.”  Amelia reprimanded.
“It’s my fault, Miss.”  The young woman replied, her cockney accent thick.  “He saw me coming through the door and followed me in.”
Andy smiled and laid his head on the woman’s chest.  “I found a secret tunnel.” He cried.  Andy was enjoying a sweet while a couple of the other girls tickled him under the chin.  The girls fussed over how handsome Andy was and the little boy smiled at all the attention.
 “Well, we shouldn’t have a problem keeping Andy out of Mr. Deacon’s way.” Amelia said with her hands on her hips.
Nancy shook her head. “This is going to be a disaster.”
Amelia put her arm around Nancy and called Andy over to her.  “Things will work out just fine.”  She replied.
A few days had passed and Robert was still angry.  He was angry because he lost his cook, he was angry because he had a new one, he was angry that his new cook came with a child, and he was angry that every time he saw Lee he wanted to bend her over her desk to burry himself deep inside her.  He kept most of his dealings with Lee brief, but when he did speak to her he managed to mention his dislike for children.  Each time he opened his mouth her brow would wrinkle out of irritation.  Robert would groan audibly and then excuse himself from her presence.  This made him angrier with himself more than anyone else. He would never be able to convince Lee to be his lover if everything he said to her was upsetting.  One late afternoon Robert was in his club with Pearl, he found himself talking with her about Lee when they both heard a child’s unmistakable giggle.  Robert looked in the direction of the giggle and saw a pair of child’s feet sticking out from underneath a roulette table.  Andy was sitting in the game room playing on the floor with a wooden horse that was missing a back leg. Both Robert and Pearl crouched down to the child’s level.
 “What do you find so funny, young man?”  He said.
 “That’s not her name.”  The little boy answered in a sing-song manner with a wide smile on his face.  Robert and Pearl exchanged glances.  Pearl had her smug look on her face.
 “Are you speaking about Miss Lee?”  Robert asked.  
Again, the little boy giggled.  “Lee is a silly name.”  He said between giggles.  “Her name is A-M-E-L-I-A.” he said sounding out all the letters of her name slowly.
 “How long have you known Miss Amelia?”  Robert asked.  Andy shrugged his shoulders and went back to playing with his broken horse.  Robert smiled at Pearl.  This little boy might be useful in finding more information on his new housekeeper.  Pearl rolled her eyes and shook her head.  She stood up and placed her hands on her hips.  She tapped a foot lightly waiting for Robert to finish with the boy. “What are you playing with the young man?” He asked the boy.
 “Soldier.”  The boy answered.  He continued to play with his horse as if Robert and Pearl were not there.
“But you have no soldier.” Robert said.
 “He died when the horse’s leg broke.” Andy stated. 
Robert smiled and shook his head suppressing a laugh.  He stood up and held out his hand.  “Come with me.” He said to the boy.  
Andy took his hand without hesitation and Robert led the boy upstairs to his office.  Robert’s office was sparsely decorated.  The walls were painted red to match the colors in the club.  Other than a desk and chair, very little was in the room.  All the important ledgers had been moved to Amelia’s office.   Up high on a shelf Robert had placed tin soldiers that he had played with as a child.  He picked one soldier off the shelf and placed it on his desk.  Andy stared at the toy eyes wide with excitement
“Do you know what a general is?”  Robert asked and the boy nodded.  “Let’s play pretend.  Let’s pretend that I am the general.  You will be my soldier.”  Andy smiled wide.  “But you won’t be just any soldier.  You will be my spy. Do you understand?”  Andy nodded again.  “I need you to spy on Miss Amelia for me. I want you to tell me all about Miss Amelia, things like her last name, about her family, anything you think is important, but don’t let her know you are telling me anything.  This,” Robert said as he picked up the soldier, “is for telling me Miss Amelia’s real name.  Do you know her last name or anything else about her?”  Andy shook his head no, his eyes still fixated on the toy.  “Alright, go play and stay out of my club!” Robert said as he handed the boy the soldier.  Andy left the office skipping and giggling as he traveled down the hallway.
Robert slowly rose from his desk and walked to Amelia’s office. Andy sat quietly on the rug in front of Amelia’s desk playing with his new toy soldier.  Robert glared at the happy child in front of him.  Andy looked up and beamed back at him.
 “Don’t you have somewhere else to be?”  He asked the boy.  Andy hopped to his feet, gave Robert a mock salute, and ran out of the room.  “I don’t like children.”  He said to Amelia.  He inhaled sharply as he immediately regretted his choice of words.
 “Yes, you have made it abundantly clear that you hate children.”  Amelia kept her eyes on her work as she went thought ledgers and receipts from the previous day.
“I don’t hate them; I do not like them in my house.  And that little boy needs to stay out of the club and away from my girls.” Robert said pointing at the space Andy had occupied.
 “Your girls need to stop giving ‘that little boy’ treats and toys.”  Amelia said calmly.  She never lifted her head from the ledgers to speak to him.  She flipped through pages of her work.
 Robert stood in front of Amelia’s desk watching her balance the ledgers and prepare the payroll.  He smiled slightly.
Amelia finally looked up from her work with an annoyed scowl across her face. “Can I help you with something, Sir?”  She asked huffing slightly.  Robert could see the irritation in her eyes. He wanted to make her smile as she had on her first afternoon; her eyes were lovely when she smiled.
 “You are always so serious.  Do you ever laugh or smile?”  He said.
 “I am working, for you.”  She said again.  With pen in hand Amelia looked back down at her work.  
 “Take a break then.”  He said stepping closer to her.  He leaned over her desk.  Robert didn’t like being ignored, he needed her attention.
 “I’d much rather get my work done before I have any fun or take a break.”  She continued writing numbers in her ledgers.
 “Then I suppose you would find some other work that needed your attention.”  He sighed crossing his arms.  He brought his thumb to his lip and absent-mindedly bit the corner of his nail.
“Yes, I suppose so.  That is why you hired me?  To work for you.”  She said sarcastically.
Robert stepped behind Amelia’s desk and stood next to her.  “Dance with me.”  He said as he grabbed her hand and tugged her away from the desk.  
Amelia attempted to brace herself against the desk, but he was too strong for her.  Robert had her on her feet and spun her around the office before she could protest.  His hand was on her waist and he pulled her close.  Robert could smell her, clean linen and fresh bread, sweet and simple at the same time.  
 “I don’t dance.”  She protested again.
Robert continued to hold her tight.  “Perhaps you just haven’t had the right partner.”  He said with a sly grin.
Amelia felt wonderful in his arms, she belonged there.  He noticed she began to relax, this was his moment.  There was a weakness he saw in her armor, if he could only get through it.  
“Who are you really, Lee.  You’re not some scullery maid, are you?”  He said softly in her ear. 
 Amelia pulled out of his arms.  The scowl on her face returned.  ‘Too soon,’ Robert thought.  ‘I pushed her too soon.’  He did his best to keep the smile on his face even though he was aggravated with himself for his lack of patience.  
“I am exactly who I say I am.”
 “What about your family.  Surely there is someone out there who has cared for you?”  He tried to pull her back into his arms but she pushed him away.
“My family abandoned me.  I don’t have anyone in my life, nor do I need anyone.”  She turned her back to him.
Robert reached out and placed his hand on her shoulder.  He felt a pang of remorse for bringing up the painful topic.  It seems he again earned the lady’s ire.  
“Do you know what you need?”  He asked her playfully.  Robert wrapped his arms around her. He tried to pull her a little closer, but she would not move from her spot.
“I’m sure that you will tell me.” She said bitterly.  Amelia tried to shrug out of his grasp, but Robert tightened his grip, steered her toward the door and gently nudged her forward.
“You need to leave this room.”  He said still pushing her out.
“What?” Amelia asked panicking.  “Have I done something wrong?”
“Lee, you need an afternoon off.”  He laughed.
“I haven’t been here that long.” She said.
“You have worked for me for over a week and you haven’t had a day off.”
“No, I assure you I’m fine.” She protested.  “I don’t need a day off.”
“Lee, you need some fresh air.  You need to stretch your legs.  You need a break.  Here,” He said reaching into his coat pocket and withdrew a small coin purse.  “Consider this a salary advance.” He placed the purse in her hand and gently closed her fingers around it.  Robert then reached out to push her into the hallway.  
“But,” She started to protest.  Robert placed a finger on her lips.  He ran his knuckles down her cheek.  He could break the tiny woman if he chose too, she seemed fragile.  He thought that was probably why she acted so fierce when he was around her.
“Not another word from you.  Go, get a cup of tea, read a book, take a walk, just do something not work related.”  Robert gave her shoulders a friendly squeeze.  He hoped that he was on his way into the lady’s good graces.  
Feeling defeated, Amelia left the hallway and went down the stairs that Pearl had taken her on her first morning.  Nancy was in the kitchen with Pearl making a pot of tea.  She saw Amelia coming down the steps with a sullen look on her face.
“Afternoon, Miss.  Can I get you something?” Nancy asked.
“I have to leave.” Amelia said mournfully.
The women looked stunned.
“You’ve been sacked?” Nancy asked.
“No,” Amelia said. “Robert said I had to take the afternoon off.”
“You are the only person I know who would be upset with an afternoon off.” Pearl laughed, her hands wrapped around her teacup.
“Miss Amelia hasn’t had an afternoon to herself since before her father’s funeral.”  Nancy said.
Amelia’s eyes widened in horror as Pearls eyes widened in surprised.  Nancy realized what she had said and cupped both hands over her mouth.
“Well, well our Miss Lee is full of surprises.”  Pearl said with one eyebrow raised.
“Please, Pearl.”  Amelia gasped.
“Who are you really, Miss Lee?” Pearl said.
“Pearl, I would like to keep that to myself.”
“What her family did to her, Miss Pearl.  It was shameful.  Please keep my slip up quite for her.” Nancy begged.
Pearl placed her cup on the table; her face softened.  The sarcastic and bitter woman that Amelia had met on her fist night was gone and Amelia glimpsed a bit of true emotion from Pearl. “Alright.”  Pearl said with genuine care.  “I know a thing or two about shameful families.  But you should know that I don’t like to keep secrets from Robert.”
“Thank you, Pearl.” Amelia breathed a sigh of relief.
“There’s a little tea shop up the street.  The proprietor is a friendly old woman, very chatty.  She’ll make you a nice cup of tea and a fresh pastry, and keep you busy the rest of the afternoon with her stories.”  Pearl said.
Amelia nodded and headed out the door.  
Nancy took a deep breath.  She had one hand on her chest and the palm of the other on her forehead. “I knew I would make a mistake with her name.” Nancy said.  “I’m glad it was you here, Miss Pearl.  You’re such an understanding woman.”
“I understand hurt.” Pearl replied.  She folder her arms across her chest and tapped her index finger to her chin as she glanced up the steps.  “You know; Robert would pay you incredibly well for more information on his housekeeper.”
“Oh, no Miss.  A mistake is one thing, but I could never betray Miss Amelia like that.”  Nancy said.  She poured more hot water into Pearl’s cup of tea.  The steam rose from the cup in dainty tendrils.  Pearl ran a finger through them.
“You’re a good woman, Nancy.”  Pearl said as she patted Nancy’s shoulder.  “Thank you for the tea.  I need to get a few things done in the club before it opens.”
Pearl left the kitchen with her cup of tea in hand.  She wouldn’t have told Nancy about Robert paying for information, but she saw him standing in the stairway out of Nancy and Amelia’s sight.  She knew he would want her to try and get information out of the cook.  Now she can tell Robert she had tried to find out what he wanted to know.  As expected, Robert was in the club shortly after her arrival.
“You need to try harder to get more information from the cook.”  He said.  Robert was jumping around in front of her. He reminded her of an excited child with a present he was not allowed to open.  
“Robert, you heard the woman.  She is loyal to Amelia.”  Pearl kept her back to Robert as she spoke to him.  She didn’t want to watch him plead with her.
“Just try.” Robert said with his hands placed Pearl’s shoulders.  “I know you can be persuasive.” 
“I told you, you’re obsessed.” She frowned at her cup of tea.  “I don’t want to dig around in Amelia’s life.  It sounds painful.”
Robert hung his head.  “You’re right.  I should just wait for Amelia to come to me.”
Pearl rolled her eyes before she nodded her head.  “Now if you don’t mind, I do have real work to do.”  She said and she gave Robert a light kiss on his cheek before leaving him for her work.






















Chapter 6

Amelia headed for the tea shop and found it easily.  Inside the shop was cozy, warm and a little cramped.  There were a few mismatched tables and chairs in the place, and all were painted in shades of blue, pink and yellow, giving the shop a cheery but eclectic feel.  Someone had left that morning’s paper folded neatly on a table and the shop was mostly empty.  The scent of hot brewed teas and freshly baked bread filled the little shop.  A woman behind the counter told Amelia to have a seat and she would be right with her.  She was a round woman with a kind face dark eyes and curly white hair escaping the cap she wore on her head.  She had enquired where Amelia was from and Amelia told her where she worked.
“Oh, you’re one of Robert’s girls.  You must be new.  He’s a very kind man and he makes sure that his girls are all treated well.”  She said.
“Um, no.  I’m Mr. Deacon’s housekeeper.”  Amelia corrected her.  Her cheeks were turning pink with embarrassment.  “It’s my afternoon off and Pearl suggested I come here to get away from my work.”
“Such a sweet girl, Pearl is.” The woman hummed.
Amelia smiled.  She never thought she would hear the word sweet to describe Pearl.  Rude, standoffish, aloof, but not sweet.  The older woman introduced herself as Ms. Edith Williams and insisted that Amelia call her Eddie.  Just like Pearl had said, Eddie talked nonstop about every subject that popped into her head. All Amelia could do was smile and nod as the older woman prattled on in front of her.  Eddie poured a cup of tea for Amelia and spoke incessantly without pausing for breath. 
“Robert Deacon is a good man, not like his brother the earl.  Mr. Deacon took care of me and my girl, he helped me get this shop.” Eddie nodded her head, agreeing with herself. 
Eddie continued singing Robert’s praises.  Amelia giggled a little.  “I’m sure you’ll tell me how he rescues small children from burning buildings.”
“I don’t think he’s ever done that.”  Eddie wrinkled her brow.  She tilted her head to the side and tapped her chin with her index finger.
“I’m sorry, I was rude.  Mr. Deacon has been kind to me since he hired me.”  Amelia left out that she felt his kindness was only because he wanted something more from her.
“He’s very kind.”  Eddie continued, her face and body was animated as she spoke.  The older woman bounced up and down when she talked.  She walked back and forth from her small little kitchen to bring more tea and cakes to Amelia.  “You’re such a small thing, you need to eat more.”  Eddie piled treats in front of Amelia.  She took a breath for a moment and began speaking about Robert again.  “There are some that think he’s a bad person because of the club he runs, but those same people that talk ill of him are there visiting his club.  I watch them come and go every night.” Eddie bobbed her head up and down.
“You know quite a deal about Mr. Deacon.  Do you know much about his brother, the earl?”
“The earl, he’s as wicked as they come.”  Eddie said, her face turning sour as she spoke of the earl.  She crossed her arms.  “He’s cruel and vicious.  He’d throw a family out on the street without a thought.  Robert is much more like his father.  Their father was a kind man as well.”  Eddie smiled softly as she spoke of Robert’s father.  She rubbed her cheek with her hand and she smiled like a school girl with a crush.   “Their father made the earl promise to care for me and my girl, but when the old earl died we were thrown out. I and my girl had to do awful things to survive.  Robert spent a long time looking for us so he could make things right and Pearl says I should forgive the earl for what he did.  She says the earl had a horrible accident and lives like a hermit in the country.  I say he deserves his misery after what he’s done.”
Amelia sat and listened to the old woman ramble.  She freshened Amelia’s tea when it was cold and brought out more breads and pastries then Amelia could possibly eat.  Eddie had opinions on every subject Amelia could bring up.  Amelia described Mrs. Hunter and inquired if Eddie had ever seen her on the chance that the woman had stopped by on her days off. 
“Oh, I remember her.  She worked for that awful Winthrope family.”  Eddie tapped her finger to her forehead as she tried to recall Mrs. Hunter’s last visit.  “Yes, she was trying to find a niece or cousin or something, or I don’t know help someone?”  Eddie offered.  “But she looked so ill. And she had that horrible cough.”  Eddie’s face looked grim.  “There is a hospital nearby, maybe your friend stopped there?” Amelia glanced out the window, the sky was growing dark and Amelia realized how late it was getting.  She rose from the table to pay for her tea and cakes but Eddie insisted that everything was on the house.
“Thank you.” Amelia replied frowning.
Taking Eddie’s advice, Amelia walked to the hospital that was not too far from the tea shop.  Walking inside Amelia was assaulted with the smell of antiseptic and the lingering stink of the sick.  She inquired at the front desk about her friend about her friend.  One of the nurses had shown Amelia to a crowded room with wall to wall patients.  Amelia saw her friend laying in a bed resting peacefully.  Mrs. Hunter looked pale and small in her bed.
“What is wrong with her?”  Amelia asked.
“Influenza, miss.”  The nurse explained looking annoyed that she had to stop what she was doing to answer Amelia’s questions.
“Will she get well?”  Amelia asked.
The nurse shrugged.  “It’s hard to say in some cases.  She doesn’t have any way to pay for care.”
“She will be ignored because she has no money?”  Amelia asked with a touch of anger in her voice.  “Here,” she said pulling out the purse Robert had given her earlier and handed it over to the nurse.  “This should pay for most of her care.  If you would contact Lady Christine Denton, I am sure she would pay anything to have Mrs. Hunter cared for properly.”  Amelia tried her best to keep her voice steady.  She felt that she would burst into tears if she stayed much longer to see Mrs. Hunter in such a sickly state.  “May I leave her a message?”  She asked the nurse and the young woman pulled a small note pad and a pencil from the pocket of her apron.  Amelia scrawled a quick note for Mrs. Hunter to let her know that she was gainfully employed and saving up for passage to Pennsylvania.  Amelia wanted to make sure that the poor dear did not worry about her when she woke.  She left the hospital leaving the smell of sickness behind her and headed for home.
Once back at the club, Amelia went up to her room to catch up on some work she had been forced to leave behind.
 “You don’t take an afternoon off just to work in the evening.”  Pearl was in the doorway.  She had not dressed for the club yet.
“Pearl, do you follow me around?” Amelia asked.  Pearl watched every move Amelia made.
“No,” Pearl said.  “You happen to be everywhere that I am.”
 “I think that’s the same thing.  And if you don’t mind, I do have work I need to get back to.”
 “I do mind.” Pearl smiled.  Amelia looked up and stared at Pearl.  She wanted to comment on how rude Pearl was. Instead, Amelia tapped her pen on her desk and stared at Pearl waiting for her to either disappear or tell Amelia what she wanted.  “Nancy told me you were an excellent card player and I’d like to see just how good you are.” Pearl continued.
“Nancy is over exaggerating my skill and I really don’t have time for this.”  Amelia huffed as she tried her best to ignore Pearl.
“Oh, come now.  There is nothing here that won’t wait till morning. Have a little fun with me and the girls before we go to work.”
“Fine.”  Amelia said realizing that Pearl would continue to ask her to join their group.  She reluctantly followed Pearl downstairs to one of the game room.  Sally, Nancy and a couple of Roberts other girls sat at the table.
“Hello Girls!” Pearl said cheerfully.  “Lee will be joining us this evening.”  She put her arm around Amelia and pointed at the innocent looking Sally. “Watch out for that one, she cheats.” 
“Oh, Pearl!” Sally shouted.  “Don’t give away all my secrets.”  The young maid scowled.
“I’m sure I’ll be just fine.”  Amelia smiled and sat at the table.
The girls were playing poker and Amelia was thrilled.  She knew the game well and as Nancy had told Pearl, she was an excellent player.  Game after game they played and slowly each girl quit.  Even the devious Sally was losing to Amelia.  The only player left with Amelia was Pearl.
“Come on Pearl, I think we should call it a night.  Shouldn’t you be on the floor with the others?”  Amelia smiled.
“No, one more game.”  Pearl said as she bit her thumb.  The woman didn’t look pleased to be losing her money to Amelia.  Amelia sat back and smiled brightly.
“Pearl, really I’ve taken enough of your money tonight.”

“Alright, this game we play for secrets then.”  Pearl said with a smile.  “I win and you tell me one of your secrets.  If you win, then I’ll tell you one of mine.”
Amelia pondered a moment and then agreed.  Pearl already knew her real first name, and she thought Nancy probably told Pearl more.  “This stays between us.”  Pearl nodded in agreement.
Pearl cut the cards and dealt them.  The ladies played for about an hour when Pearl laid her cards on the table.  
“Two of a kind.” She said victoriously.
“Oh,” Amelia said.  “Too bad that doesn’t beat a royal flush.”  Amelia laughed as she laid her cards down.
“Damn it, you are one hell of a card player.”  Pearl conceded.
“Lord Winthrop’s valet taught me how to play, then he quickly regretted it.”  Amelia smiled.  “I do believe that you owe me a secret.”
Pearl sat sullenly with her arms folded across her chest. Amelia smiled patiently waiting for her secret. She mumbled something under her breath.
“What was that, dear Pearl?  I didn’t hear you.”  Amelia laughed.
“Eddie is my mother.” Pearl said reluctantly.
Amelia opened her mouth and made a silent “Oh”.  She wondered how long Pearl and Robert had known each other.  Amelia frowned as she contemplated what Pearl’s admission meant.  A small amount of guilt gnawed at Amelia’s stomach.  “Lady Winthrop…” Amelia’s voice trailed off and her eyes start to water.    She took a deep breath and continued “Lady Winthrop is my aunt.”
Pearl immediately perked up in her seat.  “So, you’re a society girl.”  Pearl smiled.
“Was.”  Amelia replied curtly.  “I was a society girl.  But that was long ago.”
“Well, that is a good secret.”
“Yes, and Robert will not hear any of it.”  Amelia stood to leave, but she had one nagging question.  “But why did Robert’s brother throw you and your mother out?”
“Why were you a scullery maid for your aunt?”  
Amelia nodded her head.  “Ah, I see.  Sorry Pearl, I don’t want to talk anymore about my past.”  She left the game room for her own quarters. 
 Amelia always believed that unleashing one’s burdens would make a soul feel lighter, but that is not how she felt.  Her troubles that she tried so hard to forget were bubbling just under the surface threatening to spill out.  She glanced at the work on her desk and wrinkled her nose at the pile of papers she had been reviewing.  She decided to spend the rest of her night reading by the fireplace until her past was forgotten.  Her office door flung open and Pearl was in the doorway holding a decanter of sherry and two jiggers.
“It felt good to share that.”  Pearl said placing the decanter on Amelia’s desk.
“What’s the liquor for?”  Amelia asked wrinkling up her nose.  She did not share Pearl’s sentiment.
“I tell you a secret then you tell me one.  Then we’ll take a drink to forget the pain from our past.”
“Alright, you start since this is your idea.  Why did the earl throw you and Eddie out?”
Pearl sat down in Amelia’s desk chair leaving Amelia to find another place to sit.  She pushed the old faded powder blue armchair away from the fireplace and next to her desk.  “He said we weren’t good enough to be associated with The Earl of Prescott.  James, Robert’s brother, said that my mother and I were trash and should be treated as such.”  Pearl took a drink.  “Your turn, why were you a scullery maid?”
“When my father died, my aunt told me that she couldn’t afford his funeral costs nor could she afford to care for me.  So, I was forced to scrub her chamber pots till my debt was repaid.”  Pearl poured a glass of sherry for Amelia and the young woman took a sip of the drink.  She made a face as the liquor burned down her throat.  Pearl laughed.
“No, you do it like this.”  Pearl poured herself another drink and emptied her glass quickly.  Amelia followed suit and made another face at the liquor.  “My turn.”  She continued.  “Robert and James are my half-brothers.”
Amelia stared with her mouth hanging open.  It did explain some of Robert and Pearl’s strange relationship. “Does anyone else know?”  Amelia asked, pouring herself more sherry.
“I think Sally knows, but she hasn’t said anything.”  Pearl said.  “My father loved my mother.  James is the one who persuaded him not to marry her.  I overheard them speaking when I was younger, at the time I just didn’t understand what it all meant.  James was embarrassed by me and the fact that I was being raised publicly as the lord’s daughter angered him.  I was educated on how to be a proper lady.  I even have land somewhere and a dowry.”  Pearl waved her hand with the jigger around before she took another drink.  “My older brother threw us out the day our father died.  Said he couldn’t have a little bastard running around the estate, I was something to be ashamed of.”  Pearl drank again.
“I’m sorry Pearl.”  Amelia said.
“No,” Pearl said waving her hand.  “No apologies.  I just want someone else to know.  Your turn.”  She said pouring another glass for Amelia and Amelia drank it down quickly.  The liquor seemed to burn less this time.
“My back is covered in scars; my aunt beat me every day.  I tried my best to be obedient.  I didn’t make eye contact.  I curtsied for her, I was prompt when she called, I even stayed out of her sight, but no matter what I did I was always wrong.  She had this thin little cane she was fond of; she used it to beat me.  My uncle used to watch her do it.  He enjoyed watching me be tormented” Amelia poured and drank another glass of sherry.
“Your uncle is a disgusting pervert.   It wasn’t just the money he owed Robert that got him removed from the club.”  Pearl said.

“How long was it before Robert found you and your mother?” Amelia asked.
“I don’t know, a few years.”  Pearl’s eyes glassed over as she spoke.  “My mother, we both had to…”  She choked on her words and started crying.  “I was barely thirteen, a man approached me and offered me money.  Said he liked young girls.  I had no idea what he wanted from me.  He didn’t take me home or to a room with a bed, he just pulled me into an alley.  When he was done, he threw the money at my feet and ran off.”  Pearl paused for a breath, she was staring at the wall as she told her story.  “Eddie never knew where I got the money from.  She thought I stole it.  She still doesn’t know; I think she’d kill James herself if she ever found out.”
Amelia stood quickly, and the sherry went to her head. She walked on unsteady legs and hugged Pearl.  She suddenly didn’t feel so alone.  Her past wasn’t as bad as it could have been.  “Why do you still do it?”  Amelia stared at her with a sympathetic glance.
“No one touches me.” Pearl shouted louder than she intended.  Amelia stepped back from her.  Pearl wrinkled up her nose and stared at her empty jigger.  She peered into the bottom of her jigger and looked at the bottle of sherry.  Pearl put the jigger back down onto the desk. Pearl shrugged her shoulders “And no one ever will.”  She said so softly that Amelia almost didn’t hear her.  “I just manage the girls.  I make sure no one hurts them.  And believe it or not, Robert and I do our best to ensure other girls don’t end up like me.” Pearl sat silently for a moment, she appeared to be collecting her thoughts. Pearl looked at Amelia.  “You know Robert will try to persuade you to be his mistress.”
“No, I can’t have that.” Amelia said.
“He won’t let you alone until you agree to it.”  Pearl said.
“And I’m sure that once he grows bored with me he will send me packing.”  Amelia huffed.
“That’s the general idea.”  Pearl said.  “He always says he feels differently about the new woman, but he abandons them all the same.” Amelia frowned.
“You could always leave.”  Pearl suggested.
“You don’t understand.  I need this position. I have a brother in Pennsylvania.  He will take me in, but I need to pay for the journey.  I can’t quit now.”  Amelia said.
“I thought you didn’t have any family.”  Pearl smiled.
“My aunt told everyone I died.  She convinced my brother to give her my dowry.  Mrs. Hunter, my aunt’s housekeeper, said she would write to my brother and explain everything.  She left the Winthrop’s employment the day my uncle sold me to Robert.  I found her today in the hospital.  I don’t think she ever wrote any letters and I can’t just show up on someone’s doorstep and tell them ‘there’s been a mistake, I’m really alive.’”
“Why not?” Pearl asked.  “Have you tried?”
“No, but I can do this on my own.  I’m not some silly society girl that needs to be rescued.”  Amelia said holding her chin up.  “I can do this on my own, and I’m not afraid of working to get what I need.”  Both women had another glass of sherry.  Amelia placed her arm around Pearl, but her balance failed and she fell to the floor pulling Pearl with her.  Pearl started laughing.
 “I like you Amelia Sillysocietygirl.” Pearl’s words slurred together.
Amelia burst into laughter.  “I can’t stand up.” She giggled.
 “Pearl!”  Robert’s voice was heard shouting down the hall.  “Pearl, where have you gotten too.”
 “You’ve been caught.”  Amelia snickered poking Pearl in the shoulder and she burst into another round of laughter.
 “Sshhh, you’re going to get me in trouble.”  Pearl tried to whisper.
 “What are the two of you doing on the floor.”  Robert shouted.  Amelia tried to sit up but ended up rolling around on the floor.  Her skirts were gathering around her knees, allowing Robert to see more than she intended.  “Lee, you’re drunk.  Pearl, what were you thinking?”
 “How do you know Pearl is at fault.  Maybe this was my idea.”  Amelia said still laughing.
 “I know Pearl.”  Robert said dryly.  He reached down and helped Amelia to her feet.  Unsteady on her legs she draped herself over his arm.
Pearl was standing up carefully.  As she was leaving Amelia’s office she turned to Robert and said, “Behave yourself, Robert.  I like her.” She pointed one long index finger and glared at him before leaving.
Robert held Amelia in his arms.  She giggled and swayed and then rested her head on his chest.  Laughing, she ran her hands across his shoulders and down his back.
 “You’re handsome.” She smiled.
 “Lee, stop.  You don’t know what you are doing.”  He pulled her away and she couldn’t reach him.  He let her go.
 “I know what I’m doing.” She laughed and swayed closer.  Amelia grabbed the front of his jacket and pulled him to her.
 “You don’t know what you are doing to me.” He said holding her again.
Looking into his eyes, Amelia touched her lips to his.  Softly she kissed him, Robert kissed her back. A fire tingled inside her and spread between her legs with a promise of more to come. “I know you want me. Show me what you want. Teach me.” She pleaded stepping away from him as she tried to lead him to her bedroom.  
He followed her, even as she stumbled to the bed.  Robert pulled her close again and started kissing her neck as he undid the buttons on the back of her dress.  Slowly her dress fell away.  He pulled her close to him and began kissing her on the mouth, with more passion and need. Robert undid her corset but stopped suddenly.
 “Lee, I can’t do this to you.” He said reaching up to her cheek caressing it with his thumb.
 “Why?”  she said drawing her eyebrows close together in confusion.
 “Come to me in the morning, or anytime you wish, and ask me again.  I will make love to you till you can no longer stand.”
 “I don’t understand.”  She looked hurt. Amelia tilted her head to the side.
 “Lee, you are drunk.  I will not take advantage of you like this.  But you pull a stunt like this again and I can’t promise that I won’t take you up on your offer.”  Robert kissed her again and gently eased her into her bed.
 “Touch me.” She said grabbing his hand and pulling it to her breast.  “I want you to touch me.”  She pulled him on top of her.  Amelia was not going to take no for an answer.
Robert caressed her breast and began kissing her again.  Her nipple hardened in the palm of his hand.  She let out a groan as his thumb and forefinger rolled over the little rosebud.  Amelia spread her legs, and Robert pressed his erection into her.  He loosened the pantalettes around her waist, pulling the garment down, and he reached between her legs.
 “Yes, there.  Touch me there.” She begged him, breathing heavily.
 “My curious little minx, is this what you want?” He slid his fingers inside her. She was wet and ripe for him.
She gasped at his touch and smiled as a warm sensation spread from between her legs. Robert spread her legs farther and ran a trail of kisses along her inner thigh.  She closed her eyes and tilted her head back and began to moan softly as Robert’s tongue took the place of his fingers. He ran his tongue inside her most private parts; she gasped deeply.
 “You taste as sweet as I imagined.”  He spoke softly.
Robert replaced his fingers inside her, swirling them around as she cried out for him.  His tongue was lavishly lapping at sweetness. Amelia’s breath became rapid with the speed of his fingers until waves of pleasure pulsed through her body.  Opening her eyes, she smiled at him and bit her lower lip.  Her body vibrating from his touch.  Robert licked the cream from her as she cried out his names with soft moans. Robert was still poised above her.  Amelia sat up and did her best to push Robert onto his back.
 “Your turn.” She said with a grin as she tried to put her hand down the front of his pants.
 “Tomorrow, you wicked girl.” He said trying to get the half-naked Amelia to lay back down on her bed.  “If you remember any of this, come to me tomorrow morning and I will give you what you desire.”
 “Okay, goodnight.” She said with a giggle.
Robert left her quarters and hit his forehead on the wall.  It took all his will to turn down her delicious invitation.
 “Good, I’m glad you left her.”  Pearl said with her back up against the wall for balance.
 “You set a trap for me, Pearl.” His hands were shaking.  He didn’t look at her.  Robert kept his head against the wall.  He could still feel Amelia’s lush body in his hands.
 “I would never do such a thing.” She answered.
 “Yes, you would.  Devious sister of mine.” He said rubbing his face with his hand.
 “Of course, I would.” Pearl laughed.  “But I didn’t.”  She smirked.  “Did you at least attempt to act like the gentleman you are?”  
 “Pearl, I was on my best behavior.”  He replied, and Pearl snorted.  “Well, what did you find out about her?”  He asked.
 “She is not your typical conquest.  Forget about her.”  Pearl’s voice was steady and even, but Robert could tell that there was a touch of anger to it.  He wasn’t sure what she and Amelia had been talking about, but he knew that Pearl had answers.  He knew when Pearl was less than honest with him.  Lying had become second nature to her while she lived with Eddie in the slums, something he still blamed himself for.
 “Pearl,” Robert began to beg for her help, but Pearl quickly interrupted him.
 “Robert, her father died, and she was tricked into being a slave for Lady Winthrop.  The woman tortured her.  Leave her alone.”  Her tone conveyed that she would no longer be a part of his game.
 “Fine, but if she comes to me”
 “She won’t.  I don’t think she ever drank before.  She is your housekeeper and nothing more.”
Robert exhaled loudly and went back to his club.
 “Good night Robert.”  Pearl called loudly.  He waved back at her without turning around.














Chapter 7
It was a beautiful sunny morning.  Amelia’s head was pounding, and her mouth was dry.
 “Good morning!” Pearl called from the office.  Her feet were propped up on the top of the desk.  “I had Sally send up breakfast.”
Amelia groaned as she got out of bed. Her stomach churned. She found her dressing gown draped over the foot of the bed and covered herself up, not exactly sure how she ended up in her bed wearing only her chemise.  “How can you eat?” she asked feeling nauseous.  With each step Amelia took, her head would pound.
 “Here, I have a hangover cure.”  Pearl smiled handing Amelia a thick red concoction in a tall glass.  “But drink it quickly, it does not taste good.” She warned.
Amelia shuffled over to her desk and took the drink from Pearl’s outstretched hand.  Wrinkling her nose, Amelia quickly drank the foul liquid.  “This is disgusting, Pearl.  Where did you come up with this?”
 “I make them for Robert all the time.”  Pearl braced one foot on the edge of the desk to make her chair rock.
 “Do they work?”  Amelia asked
 “Would you drink that on purpose if they didn’t?” Pearl responded.
 “Mm, I suppose not.  But still, all this food I don’t think I can touch any of that.”  Amelia said as she waved her hand in the direction of the breakfast tray
 “Dry toast and tea it is.”  Pearl said handing Amelia a small plate of toast and a cup of tea.
Amelia sat down in the armchair that she had pulled up to the desk the night before.  “Everything that I said last night would stay in this room.”  Amelia said as she bit into a corner of her triangle cut toast.
 “The same goes for me.”  Pearl said taking a sip of her tea.
 “Hmm, that’s fine.  I don’t remember too much of last night.  I don’t have any clue how I got into bed or how I managed to undress myself.”
 “I’m sure Robert helped you.” Pearl said slowly.  She looked up and bit her lip as if she had realized that she probably should have kept that information to herself a little too late.  The piece of toast in Amelia’s hand fell to the floor.
 “Oh my God, no.  Was Robert here?  Did he undress me?  I don’t remember anything.  Did we do something?”  Amelia panicked, her hands were shaking.  Pearl grabbed the tea from Amelia’s other hand to prevent the teacup from having the same fate as the toast.
 “Heavens no.  I was in the hallway waiting for him. I would have gone in if I thought he was up to no good. He is a gentleman he won’t take advantage of a woman in a state like that.  But I’m warning you, don’t make a habit of drinking and seeking him out.  There is only so much a man can take.”  Pearl said.  “He promised me that he was on his best behavior last night.”  Pearl smiled.  Amelia huffed, that meant little to her.
 “What do I do now?  I can’t face him knowing that he saw me unclothed.”
 “You will do nothing.”  Pearl said.  “Should Robert ask you about last night you simply tell him you don’t remember anything.  And that is the truth.  He won’t bring it up.”
 “Alright.”  Amelia said relaxing a little.  “How come you are fine this morning?”
 “That was not my first night drinking.  It does get easier as you build a tolerance, but I don’t make a habit of it.”
Amelia sat back in her chair and rested her head still feeling the effects from the previous night.
 “What are your plans for the day?” Pearl asked
Amelia popped one eye open to look at her.  “I do need to get back to work.”
 “You’re really no fun, Amelia Society Girl.  I’m sure you have the household books all balanced.”
	“You are correct, but other than Nancy and Sally I am not that acquainted with the rest of the household staff.  I should inspect their work and make it a point to learn more about them.  And I’m sure that Robert has some tasks for me as well.”
Pearl let out a chuckle.  “Yes, I’m sure Robert has a few things in mind that he would like you to attend to.”  She grinned.
 “You are terrible, Pearl.”  Amelia said laughing.  “How am I supposed to look him in the eye and think there is probably something he would rather be doing to me?”
Pearl laughed even harder.  “I’m sorry, I know I shouldn’t.  But I can’t help myself sometimes.”
There was a knock at the door and Amelia told the person to enter.  Sally came in.
 “Good morning miss, I did tell Ms. Pearl that you don’t eat large meals.”  She said gesturing to the large tray of food.
 “That’s fine Sally.  What can I help you with?”
 “Mr. Deacon said that he would like to see you this morning.  He will be out in the courtyard waiting for you.”
 “Oh,” Amelia groaned with her head in her hands.  “He wants to talk about last night.  Pearl, what am I to do?”
 “What do you remember?” Pearl asked again.
 “Nothing.”  Amelia replied. 
 “Then I do not see the problem.”  Pearl sniffed as she crossed her arms.  “If you remember nothing, then nothing happened.”
Sally waited shuffling from foot to foot, her hands crossed behind her back.  
 “Sally, you will be discrete, won’t you?”  Amelia asked her.
 “Yes miss, I have no idea what is going on.”  The maid said, her tone implying that she was confused.
 “Good girl.”  Amelia replied, “Please clear the breakfast tray.  I’ll make myself presentable.”
Pearl got up from the desk to leave as well.  “Have a fun afternoon.”  She laughed.
Amelia got herself cleaned up and dressed.  Other than a light headache, there were no other lingering effects from the night before.  She went downstairs and outside to the small courtyard in the back of the house and heard a high-pitched squealing.  She saw Robert in the middle of the courtyard swinging Andy around in a circle.  The small boy was laughing and yelling with joy.  Suddenly Amelia knew where the boy had received his new toy and it wasn’t from one of Robert’s girls.  She cleared her throat and waited for Robert to notice her.  He stopped and placed the dizzy child on the ground.  
 “Go find a place to play, young man.  And stay out of my club.” Robert said his finger pointing at the child.  Andy did his best to stand still, saluted Robert, and walked in a very crooked line back up to the house.  “Ah, Lee.  I’m glad you could make it down so soon.”
 “Yes sir.  I see you have found a way to keep yourself occupied.”  She replied smartly.  Amelia clasped her hands behind her back and rocked back on her heals.
Robert looked at her and smiled at her.  He stepped closer to her and walked around her as if he was inspecting her. 
Amelia felt nervous.  The way he was looking at her made her think something did happen between them the night before. She took a deep breath to calm her nerves.
“I wanted to talk to you about last night.”  He continued.
 “Yes sir.  It will not happen again.  I do not make a habit of drinking.”  Amelia fiddled with her fingers behind her back.  She noticed that Robert frowned.  She looked down at her shoes.  She didn’t want him to know she was watching him.  
 “I hope not, you and Pearl finished off my best sherry.”  He laughed as he spoke.  Amelia relaxed a bit.  She felt a cooling in her cheeks.  She hadn’t realized that her face had reddened.
 “Oh, no.  I’m sorry.  I just assumed it belonged to Pearl.”  She said with horror.
 “No, it’s alright.  I know you didn’t mean any harm and I doubted that Pearl let you know it was mine.   But that is not what I want to talk about.  How much of last night do you remember?”  He asked stumbling over his words.  He cleared his throat and seemed to think over what he wanted to say.  
 “I can’t say that I remember much of anything.”
 “So, you don’t remember last night.” He repeated
 “No, sir.  I don’t.  I’ve never had a drink before.  I don’t even remember how I got into bed.”  She said hopping he didn’t see her blush.  The burning had returned and seemed to spread.

Robert cursed to himself, but not so silently that Amelia couldn’t hear.  “Good.”  He said.  Amelia looked at him in confusion.  “I mean.  Don’t make a habit of drinking on your nights off.  Especially my good sherry.”
Amelia breathed a sigh of relief that he didn’t say anymore and she was very glad that she didn’t remember much more of last night.  She decided that a change of topic would be prudent.  
 “I see Andy has found someone new to play with.” She said with a half-smile on her face.
 “He was looking for something to do and I needed the child to stay out of trouble.”  He replied.
 “Oh, is that all.  It looked like you were having a good time playing as well.”  She smiled at him. 
 “I don’t play.” He said.
 “Really, because from what I’ve seen, it seems like you don’t take much seriously.”  Her smile widened.
 “Madame, I take my businesses extremely seriously.”
 “I thought you paid serious people to run your businesses for you.” She said.
 “Could it be that the very severe Ms. Lee is trying to be funny with her employer?  That could have a dreadful outcome.”  A smile crept upon Robert’s lips.
 “I’m sorry sir, I didn’t mean to be disrespectful.” She replied in a worried tone.
 “I’m joking, Lee.”  He laughed.  “And please stop calling me sir, it makes me feel old.”
Amelia relaxed a little more.  “Yes, sir, Mr. Deacon.”
 “Robert.” He reminded her.  “Don’t even tell me how unprofessional it is to call me by my first name.”
 “Thank you, Robert.  Is there anything else you would need from me?” She asked.
Robert looked at Amelia. He bit his lip and smiled, Amelia worried as to why he was staring at her for so long. “I thought you might join me for lunch tomorrow afternoon and we can discuss the books and upcoming events I have planned.”
 “Yes, sir, Robert.  Sorry.”  She smiled and looked up at him with her big green eyes.  “I hardly think that lunch is necessary though.”
He took a moment to answer.  Amelia waited in anticipation. “It’s just that I’m going to be busy later this afternoon and I’ll be busy tomorrow, but I’ll be free at lunch time and I know there are a few things we need to discuss.”
 “Of course, Robert.  Is there anything else you require this afternoon?”  She asked.

	“No.  You may go, I am sure that you have work you would like to catch up on.”  She turned to leave but he stopped her before she should go.  He grabbed her arm and she turned to face him with a look of bewilderment.  “Lee, I think that you’re a fantastic employee.  I hope that in time you will think of me more than just your employer.”  He paused for a moment almost as if he lost the ability to speak to her.  He took several breaths before he could continue.  “Please think of me as a friend.”  He was finally able to say.  
 “I’d like that, Robert.” She replied.  “I’ve had so few friends that I could trust in the past few years.  It would be nice if I could count on you as a friend.”
He looked away from her.  Amelia thought he reminded her of a child caught misbehaving.  Robert looked back into her eyes and smiled.  She felt her knees go weak. “Good, now go to work and stay out of my sherry.” He said as she pulled her arm away.  Robert held her hand and she smiled again at him.  He stared into her eyes and Amelia’s heart fluttered as he kissed the top of her hand lightly and he released it.  Amelia lowered her eyes and turned to leave as a hint of a blush creeped across her cheeks.  
Amelia left the little courtyard and ducked around a corner to catch her breath.  Her heart was beating rapidly, and her head was swimming.  The kiss on her hand helped her remember more of the previous night.  The feel of his lips on hers, him kissing her neck and breathing in her ear as he undressed her.  She knew what he wanted her to say today.  She remembered what she asked, and she remembered what he said to her.  Amelia remembered where his hands and mouth had been on her body.  He wanted her to ask him again to make love to her, and for just a moment she allowed herself to wonder what it would be like to be his lover.  The feel of his hands caressing her, his body on top of her, his manhood between her legs and dear God how she wanted him at that moment.  Her legs began to buckle, and she pushed herself into the wall.  Amelia took deep breaths as she tried her best to clear her head and calm herself.  No, she couldn’t be his lover.  She was a fine lady, no matter what had happened to her.  She was going to make a new home with her brother and start her life over.  No one could stop her, not even a delicious man that tempted her at every turn.  
Amelia straightened her spine and pushed the memory from the previous night into the back of her mind.  No distractions, she told herself.  She had a job to do.  She would indeed get to know the rest of the staff and make sure things were being handled properly.  She would do her job, earn her salary and pay for her voyage to George.  No more complications.











CHAPTER 8

Amelia had spent a day and a half getting to know Mr. Deacon’s staff.  She already knew Nancy’s routine, she spent most of her day with Sally.  The petite maid knew the entire staff well and introduced everyone to Amelia bringing them to the office. Amelia met with Robert’s valet, the butler, groomsman, a guard from the nightclub and a few other maids. Soon Amelia knew what the entire staff`s schedule for each day of the week.  The next morning moved quickly for Amelia and soon Sally was back up in the office to remind Amelia of her lunch appointment with Robert.  Amelia sucked in her breath and smiled at the maid hoping that her unease did not show on her face.  She stood quickly and followed Sally to Robert’s office.  
In the hallway, the ladies heard a giggle from behind a curtain.  Amelia looked down to see a pair of small feet poking out from underneath the curtain.  She drew it back to see Andy hiding behind.
 “What are you doing here young man?” She asked as she picked the boy up.
 “Hiding.”  He answered.
 “Ready or not, here I come.” Robert’s voice boomed from around the corner.  He charged around the corner so rapidly that Amelia thought he might run the three of them over.  She raised an eyebrow as Robert stopped himself.
 “Are you keeping Mr. Deacon busy?” Amelia asked Andrew.
 “Yes.” The child nodded.
 “He was looking for something to do.” Robert defended himself.
 “Oh, I believe you.” She said mocking him.  “Go find your mother.  I’m sure she has a treat waiting for you.”  She placed Andrew on the ground and the child ran off with Sally chasing behind him laughing along with the boy.
 “He really was looking for something to do.” Robert stated again.
 “I’m sure he was, and I’m sure it was a hardship for you to engage the boy.” She spoke with a warm smile.
Robert held out his arm for her and she took it.  “Have I told you that you have a lovely smile?” He asked.  Immediately, Amelia stopped smiling.  “No, please don’t stop.  I didn’t mean to upset you.”
 “You didn’t upset me.  It’s just that you don’t treat me like an employee.”
 “I don’t think of you as just an employee.  I think of you as a friend, and I hope that in time you will feel the same way about me.”
 “You are too liberal with me.  You don’t treat all your employees the same.  I am not your equal.” She said.
 “And you are far too well educated to have been a scullery maid.”
 “Is it a crime for someone to be educated?” She asked.
 “No, but I know you are not all that you seem.  I hope that you know you can trust me.”
Amelia nodded as they walked. “It really is a shame that you have no wish for a family.” She stated.  “You and Andrew do get along well, I think you might make a good father someday.”
 “My lady, no good family, noble or otherwise, would give their consent for me to marry their daughters.  My reputation would tarnish my wife and her family.  It’s for the best that I stick to mistresses.” He smiled at her.
Amelia shrugged her shoulders. “You wanted to talk about business with me?” She asked trying to change to subject.  
Robert led her downstairs to one of the private rooms in his club.  “Yes, I don’t think I ever thanked you for finding Nancy so quickly.”  He said leading her inside the small windowless room with burgundy walls.  Fine art hung around the room, most of the pictures were of nude women frolicking in the sun.  There was a small round table with a red table cloth and two chairs with matching red velvet cushions set with their lunch.  In the corner was a sofa with a brocade design and red satin throw pillows.
 “I was only doing what you hired me to do.”  She replied.  
 “And you have done more than what I have expected.  I am throwing a party; do you think Nancy will be able to handle it?  I do bring in outside help, but I want to make sure this is a task she will be up to.”
 “I don’t see why not, the Winthropes held balls and she was more than capable of handling them.”
 “Good.” He said as he pulled out her chair.  He sat across from her and began his meal.
Amelia watched him for a moment.  “Was there more you wanted to discuss?”  She asked.
 “No, that is all I wanted to know.” He said.
 “I’m sorry, but I thought you wanted to talk about the staff and household.”  She said as she picked at the food on her plate.
 “You’ve met with all the staff.  My books have all been balanced.  The payroll has been done and my household is running smoothly for the first time in months.  There is nothing more to talk about.  I wanted to thank you.”  
 “You didn’t need to go through all this trouble.  That is what you pay me to do.”
He stopped eating and studied her face. “Are you unhappy here, Lee?” He asked.
 “No, Robert.  It’s just that I’ve never seen an employer treat an employee like this.”  She glanced around the room and her eyes landed on the sofa again.  Amelia knew this part of the house was empty during the day.  No one would be down here to disturb them and suddenly her heart started to beat a little faster.  He had brought her down here to seduce her.  “I think I should go; there is something upstairs that I need to attend to.” Her voice was shaking as she rose from her seat.
 “No there’s not.” Robert said, he got up quickly to stop her from leaving.  He reached for her and pulled her closer.  “There is nothing you need to attend too upstairs.”  He said stroking her face with his palm.
 “No, there is nothing upstairs.”  She said breathing heavily.  Amelia trembled in his arms. She didn’t try to escape him.
 “Then why do you want to leave me.”  He said running his thumb across her bottom lip.  She closed her eyes and breathed deep.
 “I know what’s done in this room and I shouldn’t be in it alone with you.”  She kept her eyes shut, not wanting to look in his eyes and fall under his spell.	
 “Don’t you want me to do those things to you, Lee?”  He asked pulling her body close to his.
 “Yes, I mean no., I think. No, I do not.” She said.  Amelia couldn’t even struggle.  Her knees were giving out; he was holding her up.
 “One kiss, Lee.  Give me a kiss before you leave me.” Robert said.
Amelia couldn’t think of one reason why she shouldn’t kiss him.  She wanted to taste his lips so badly.  “Yes, just one kiss.”  She sighed in agreement.
His lips sought hers and Amelia felt a tingle in her belly.  She should leave, but oh how good he felt.  She returned his kiss and before she knew what was happening her back was up against the wall.  He had lifted her off her feet and she wrapped her legs around him.  Her skirts were pushed up against her waist and he was rubbing her thigh through her underclothing.  She felt his bulging manhood pressing between her thighs.  Amelia tilted her head away from his mouth; he began kissing her jawline.  
 “Robert, I can’t do this.” She said.
 “Yes, let’s move to the sofa.” He said.
 “No, this, what we are doing.  It’s wrong.  I’m your employee.” Her mouth finally saying what her body could not.  She wanted him to take her so badly.
 “This happens more often than you think, Lee.” He said still kissing her neck.  He unbuttoned the collar of her blouse and started to kiss her collarbone.
 “I should go.”  She said, running her hands through his hair.  Amelia wrapped her legs around his waist.
 “This is what you wanted the other night.  You asked me to take you.”  One hand was pulling at the pins from her hair and his other hand was gently squeezing her bottom.
 “I know what I said.” She cried out.
 “You told me you didn’t remember anything, you little minx.” He whispered in her ear gently nipping at her earlobe with his teeth.
 “I lied, I shouldn’t have asked you.”  She said still fighting the urge to let him make love to her on the couch.  She moved her hands out of his hair and placed them on his shoulder as she gently tried to push herself away from him. “It was very noble of you to turn me down, and I thank you for not taking advantage of me.” 
He stopped kissing her and let her feet back on the ground; she felt a pull on her heart.  There was a hurt in his eyes for rejecting him.
 “You will leave me now, won’t you?” He said quietly.  Robert’s arms were still around her.  Gingerly he ran his fingers down her back.
 “No, Robert.  I won’t leave.” She said.  “And I do want us to be friends.  I haven’t had too many of those in a long time.”
 “We can be lovers and friends.” He smiled hopefully holding her close moving closer to sneak another kiss.
 “No, I can’t.” She gently broke out of his embrace.  “I’m not ready for something like this right now.” She said softly.  Amelia brushed the hair from Robert’s eyes.  She smiled at him as her chest began to ache.
His smile widened.  “You are giving me hope.” He said grasping her hand and kissing it.  “Go on to your work Miss Lee.  If you stay a moment longer I will make love to you.”  His voice was full of promise of what he wanted to do to her body.
Amelia gathered herself together and left for the tranquility of her room.  She sank into the old blue chair that she had left at the side of her desk and began massaging her pounding temples. Her hair, still a ravaged mess, hung past her shoulders. Oh, how dangerous he was to be around.  Sally entered her room without knocking giving Amelia a start.
 “Oh, I’m sorry miss.  I thought you were still with Mr. Deacon.”  Sally apologized.
 “No, our meeting was cut short.” Amelia said with her head resting on the chair and her eyes closed.  Loose hair hung past her shoulders.
 “Are you alright, miss?”  Sally asked.  Amelia opened her eyes to look at Sally.  The made was noting Amelia’s disheveled appearance.
 “Yes, I just have a slight headache.”  Amelia replied. She closed her eyes and took deep breaths to calm her nerves. “Tell me, how long have you been working for Robert?” 
 “Years, I think.  I was very young when he rescued me from the streets.” 
 “Were you one of those wayward girls Pearl says he rescues?”
“Naw, miss.  I was a pickpocket.”  She said with a grin.  Sally beamed with pride.  “And I was a damn good one too. Mr. Deacon found me and he gave me an honest job and a place to sleep.”
 “Tell me, does Robert always get what he wants?”
 “Yes, all the time.  If there is something that he fancies he won’t stop until he has it.” Sally replied.
Amelia snorted.  “I know one thing he won’t get.”
 “I doubt that very much.” Sally said barely audible.
 “What was that?”  Amelia asked almost sure she heard Sally correctly.
 “Nothing Miss, just clearing my throat.  I came to clean your office while you were out.  Do you mind if I clean it now?”
 “No, I don’t mind.  I just needed a quick second to myself.”
 “Are you going to follow me around now that I’ve told you what I used to do?”  Sally peaked nervously at the housekeeper.  Amelia looked at the maid; she liked the girl. If Robert and Pearl could trust the young woman to work for them Amelia could as well.
 “No, Sally.  If Robert has trusted you all this time, then that is good enough for me.” Amelia said with a weak smile.  She closed her eyes hoping to ease the pain of her throbbing temples.  When she opened her eyes, she saw Sally bustling around the room cleaning.  “Sally, if Robert didn’t find you what do you think you might be doing now?”
 “I think I’d still be a pickpocket.  My hands are still small enough for it.” “You still pick pockets?” Amelia asked.
 “No, but every sometimes, one of Robert’s bodyguards can’t work in the club. So, I’ll take his place.”
 “You take the place of a bodyguard?”
 “Yeah, I may be small, but I can cause some damage.  Anyway, I’ll dress up like one of the girls and serve drinks.  I watch the patrons and if someone happens to forget to pay for services rendered, I follow ‘em out and lighten their pockets.”
 “Have you ever... you know.” Amelia asked sheepishly.  Sally stared at her for a moment.  “I’m sorry, that really is none of my business.  I shouldn’t have asked.” She said quickly.
 “Oh, you mean have I ever had sex with one of the patrons? No, I may have cut a few purse strings, but I really am a good girl.”  Sally smiled.
 “And you cheat at cards.” Amelia reminded her.
 “Only when I cut the deck.” Sally laughed.  “You look like you’re feeling a little bit better miss.  Did your appointment with Mr. Deacon not go well?”
Amelia took a deep breath and forced it out through clenched teeth.
 “Ah,” Sally said.  For someone who acted like a naive girl, Sally did know what was going on around her. “I see.  You told him ‘no’ I take it.”
 “Does everyone know what he is after?” Amelia asked.  She didn’t want the entire household knowing what was going on between herself and Robert.
 “Only thems with eyes.”  Sally smiled.
Amelia nodded her head and squeezed her eyes shut.  “He will let me go, won’t he?”
 “No, Mr. Deacon is not like that.  I’ve heard of it happening to girls working in other households, but not here.”  Sally paused for a moment, she glanced at the open door and then looked back at Amelia.  The maid cocked her head to the side.  “He would have taken good care of you miss, if you agreed.”  Sally continued.  “He’s been very good to his other mistresses.”
 “Sally, I can’t do that.  I don’t want to be someone’s mistress.”  Amelia slumped further in her chair.
 “I don’t think Mr. Deacon is the type to marry if that is what you are hoping for.”
 “I don’t want to be someone’s wife right now either.  My life has been complicated Sally.  I don’t want to add another complication to it.  I have a goal, you see. And now that I’m free of the Winthropes, there is nothing standing in my way.”  Amelia explained.  She perked up slightly.  There was light at the end of a very dark tunnel.
 “I understand, miss.”  Sally said as she finished cleaning up the room.  “Now, if you don’t need anything else, I’ll be going.”
 “No, you’re free to go Sally.”
Sally walked out into the hall and almost walked straight into Robert.  He placed a finger to his lips to keep her from saying anything.  Sally nodded and went on her way.  Since Sally had left the office door open, Robert had heard their entire conversation.  Amelia viewed him as a complication and now he was afraid she would leave.  He had to convince her to stay with him.  Robert knew if she agreed to stay it was only a matter of time before Amelia was in his bed.  All he needed was a plan.



















Chapter 9
Amelia was happy and refreshed.  She had a job she enjoyed, new friends, and a comfortable place to call home.  Nightly she joined the card game with Pearl and the ladies, she had tea with Nancy in the afternoons, and daily Sally would chat with her while cleaning up the office.  She was enjoying her new routine, it had even positive effects on her appearance.  Amelia appeared less ragged, even Nancy had noticed the change in Amelia’s looks and attitude. The two ladies were having her tea in the kitchen and they were laughing.
 “Miss Amelia it’s so good to see you so cheery.”  Nancy said.  “You look much happier than I’ve ever seen you.”
 “Well, I am happy Nancy.  I’m fed, I’m warm and clean, I have a good job and hopefully I will soon be able to afford my voyage to Georgie.”
 “I still think you should write to him.  Have you ever been able to track down Mrs. Hunter?”
 “She was sick.  I gave one of the nurses my salary for Mrs. Hunter’s care.  I gave them Christine’s name should they need anything else.  But I have not heard anymore.  I ventured back to the hospital but she was no longer there and the clerk didn’t know where she had gone.  I do hope she is alright.”  Amelia said.
 “I still think you should seek out your cousin.  Miss Christine would be more than happy to help you get home.  And she could get you home much quicker than working here.”
 “No, I can do this on my own.  I will not be like my Aunt and beg relatives for money.  I am better than her.  But I really should write to Christine.  If Mrs. Hunter has found her, I’m sure that they are both worried about me.”
 “Have you ever thought of staying, miss?”  Nancy asked.  Amelia put down her cup of tea and stared at Nancy.  “It’s just that you seem to enjoy yourself.  I know that this is not an ideal place for a lady such as yourself, but the people here are good to you.  And that Mr. Deacon he does seem to have eyes for you.”
 “Nancy, we’re just friends.  Nothing more.”  Amelia smirked as she looked down at her teacup.
 “I’d like to have a few friends like him.  I bet he could keep a girl warm at night.”
 “Nancy!”  Amelia scolded as a little pink blush spread across her cheeks. Both women laughed.  “No, Mr. Deacon is not interested in marriage and I was not raised to be a kept woman.”
 “Maybe in another life then.” Nancy smiled and patted Amelia on the hand.
 “Perhaps.” Amelia smiled.  “Besides, I think it is best for me to get back into society with my brother.  It is where I belong.”  She let out a short sigh. 

 “What about telling Mr. Deacon the truth.  Tell him who you are.  You don’t have to ask him for money, but if he truly is your friend then you shouldn’t be lying to him.”  Nancy said.
 “I suppose, but I have been lying for so long, do you think he would believe my story?”  Amelia placed her hands on the table.  “No, I am Miss Lee, Robert’s loyal housekeeper and nothing more.”
 “Right, and I’m the Queen of England.  I enjoy cooking so much that I ran away from the palace to cook meals for people.  Mr. Deacon knows there is more to you than meets the eye and until he solves your mystery, he will chase you down.  You should tell him the truth and be done with it.  Maybe if he knows you’re a society lady instead of a working woman he might not pursue you any longer.”  Nancy stated giving Amelia a sideways glance.
 “Perhaps.”  Amelia said, the guilt for lying to someone she thought more of like a friend than an employer made her stomach churn. 
 “You enjoy his attention.” Nancy smiled. “You like him chasing you.”
Amelia blushed at Nancy’s words. “I’ll tell him the truth after his grand revelry.  He’ll have less on his mind then.  I should be getting back to work.  Give Andy a pinch from me.”
 “Will do, miss.”
Amelia took the servants stairs that led from the kitchen up to the hallway by her office.  On her desk was a vase filled with beautiful orchids, they were a pale purple with white centers.  The white centers had darker purple dotting the outer edges. Next to the vase was a pile of her hairpins. She spotted the small card sticking up from the middle of the arrangement.  The card read
 “I am sorry for my rash behavior.  I hope we can remain friends.
R”
 “That scoundrel.”  She said out loud with a small smile on her lips.  She walked out of her office and headed to Robert’s office.  

Robert kept his door open while he worked.  Nancy’s little boy was riding around on Robert’s back while the grown man crawled on his hands and knees pretending to be a horse.  He never heard Amelia approach his office, Andrew was laughing loudly.  Amelia cleared her throat to signal her presence.  Robert turned his head and saw her standing there, he straightened up and the child fell to the floor laughing harder.
 “Again!”  Andrew shouted.
 “Go find your mother.”  Robert pointed at the door.
 “Does your valet know what you are doing to your pants?”  Amelia asked.  She looked down as Andy ran by her on the way out of the room.

 “What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him, or me.”  Robert said grinning as he stood up and dusted himself off.
 “For a man who swears he does not like children, you do seem to have a good time playing with Andy.”
 “The child was bored.” Robert said stiffly.
 “You were bored.” Amelia said with a slight grin.
 “So, I was bored, and Andy wanted to play.” Robert said defending his actions.  “What can I do for you, my Miss Lee?”  He asked.  “You’re not here to inform me that you have found other employment?  I must tell you that I won’t let you go without a fight.” He took her hand in his rubbed the back of it with his thumb.
 “No, Robert.” She said lightly squeezing his hand in return.  Robert watched as a light blush crept across her cheeks.  He smiled at her.  She took a deep breath “I found the flowers.”
 “Do you like them?” Robert asked.  From the look on her face he was afraid she didn’t like them.
 “Yes, they are lovely.  But please you don’t need to buy me gifts.  I’ve told you already it’s too much.”  Amelia said.  She took her hand out of his and clasped both hands in front of her.  She played with her index finger.
 “I wanted to apologize. I didn’t want to damage our friendship.  You are a lovely woman Lee, even with those sever clothing you wear and stern manor.”
 “Sever clothing?  What should I be wearing?”  She asked.
He smiled at her.  ‘Absolutely nothing’ he thought to himself’.  “You are dressed just fine if you were an old maid.”
 “You bought this dress for me.” She said with slight outrage.
 “Yes, I did.” He smiled looking her over from head to foot.  “At the time, it was the only thing that was readily available. It was probably for some old crown who expired in her sleep and no one bothered to pay the dressmaker for it.  Let me buy you another one.  Something more flattering.”
 “No more gifts Robert.”
 “We are friends.  What is a few gifts between friends.”  He said.
 “Small things, yes. But you spend far too much on me.”  Again, Amelia looked away, clearly uncomfortable with the prospect of him spending more money on her.
 “I enjoy spending my money on my friends. I don’t expect anything in return.” He smiled at her again.
Amelia’s eyes fluttered as a soft smile crept upon her lips.  Robert saw something in her face, the crack had been found.  He had done it; a little more attention and she would be in his arms where she belonged.
 “Yes, well I just wanted to thank you properly.  I need to……” She stumbled over her words while Robert reached out to brush a stray curl from her face.  His eyes were locking on hers.
 “Help Nancy with menu preparations for my affair?” He suggested.
 “Yes, exactly that.” She smiled.  “I must go.”  She said pointing to the hallway.
 “Then you should be on your way, shouldn’t you.” He spoke softly and Amelia gasped.
 “Leaving, now.”  She said as she walked slowly backward out of his office, then she turned to run.
Robert watched Amelia run nervously from his office.  When she was out of earshot he said, “I know a few ways you could thank me properly my lovely.”  He laughed eagerly as he made another plan to get the lady into his bed.
Amelia was not looking where she was going when she ran straight into poor Sally, knocking the petite maid to the floor.  
 “My goodness, I’m so sorry Sally.  I wasn’t watching where I was going.”  Amelia helped the maid to her feet.
 “It’s alright miss.  Are you not feeling well again?”
 “No, I feel fine.  Why do you ask?”
 “Well, it’s just that every time you meet with Mr. Deacon you seem to come back upset.  Has he said something to you that was cruel?  I know he can have a temper sometimes, but he’s usually very kind.”
 “No, he’s been nice to me.  A little too nice sometimes.” Amelia answered.
 “Ah, I see.” Sally said.
 “What exactly do you see Sally?” Amelia questioned the maid harshly.
 “It’s just that, sometimes in a position like mine you see things.  It’s hard to explain.  I think most people don’t see someone like me or they pretend I’m not there so I see things that I probably shouldn’t.  I’ve seen the way Mr. Deacon looks at you and don’t be angry with me miss, but I’ve seen the way you look at him.”  Sally paused and looked at Amelia.  “I’m sorry, you’re upset with me now.  I didn’t mean to be disrespectful, but you did ask me what I see.”
 “No, I’m not upset with you Sally.  I’m upset with myself.” Amelia said.  She wondered briefly if everyone else saw how she looked at Robert.  Perhaps that was why Nancy was suggesting she stay.
 “Why, because you’re in love with someone?” Sally wrinkled her nose as she spoke. 
 “I wouldn’t say I’m in love with him.” Amelia shook her head.
 “I would.  You love him.  I can tell.” Sally answered with a smile.
 “Have you ever been in love Sally?”
 “Me, no.  I’ve never been in love with anyone.”
 “There’s never been a man that you found attractive?”  Amelia asked.
 “Yes, but I’ve never been in love before.  I always wanted to be a wealthy woman and I mean to find my fortune.  Men can be demanding, and they get in the way of things.” She said.
 “Sally, how do you plan on becoming rich?  You weren’t born into a wealthy family.  You won’t ever be able to marry into one, it’s just not possible.” Amelia stated plainly.
 “The world is changing miss.  I know Mr. Deacon don’t rely on his family inheritance even though he is from a noble family.  Mr. Deacon walked away from a title and large fortune because he didn’t wish to follow his brother’s rules.  If he can make his fortune, then I’ll find a way to make mine.  And when I’m a wealthy woman then I will find a man to love.” 
Amelia smiled at the maid.  “Well, you are ambitious.  Follow your dream Sally.”  She said as she entered her office.
Once she closed the door Amelia took a deep breath.  It was time for her to forget Robert and follow her own dream, something that now seemed easier said than done.
A few days had passed, and Amelia had done her best to stay away from Robert.  When she did see him, she managed a polite hello and then headed off in the opposite direction.  The date for the affair for Robert’s club drew close and the household had been busy making arrangements.  Nancy was busy preparing menus and Amelia was interviewing extra staff.  She was taking a quick break in the court yard to get some fresh air and a moment to herself.
 “Lovely day, isn’t it?” Robert asked.
She had been so engrossed in her thoughts that she hadn’t even seen him out there.
 “Yes, it is.  I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you were here.  I’ll be on my way.”  She said.
 “Don’t be ridiculous Lee.  I can see that you have been working hard.  Some fresh air will do you good.”  He replied.
“I’m sure, I just didn’t mean to be in your way.”
 “You are not in my way.  I’m here for the same reason you are.”  He said as he approached her.
 “Oh,” she managed weakly.
 “Yes, I needed a moment of quiet before going back to work.  You look tense Lee.” He said as he walked behind her.  “Let me rub your shoulders.”  Roberts larges hands here on her shoulders rubbing the sore muscles in the back of her neck and between her shoulder blades.  “Just relax Lee.”  He whispered.
Amelia immediately started breathing faster.  His touch was making her weak. He pulled her close to him.  She could feel the heat from his body.
“Let me take care of you, Lee.”  He whispered lightly in her ear, his fingers caressed her neck.  Amelia felt her body melt into his.  “I could find you a fine townhome.  Be my mistress and I will make sure you have everything you need.”  
She stepped away and turned her head over her shoulder and said “I will make my own way and care for myself.  I have everything I need.”
 “Don’t be stubborn, Lee.  Most women in your situation would jump at a chance to be cared for.”
 “Thank you, sir, but I would rather not discuss my situation.”
Robert drew a deep breath and forced a cheery smile on his face.  “When you change your mind, you know where to find me.”  He said and left the courtyard. 
Amelia fumed as he left.  “I can’t believe that man.”  She said out loud. Pearl appeared in the doorway.
 “Let me guess,” Pearl said.  “Robert asked you to be his mistress.”
Amelia huffed and crossed her arms realizing that Pearl had witnessed the two of them together.  “That man assumes that every woman wants to be kept.”
 “Well, if you desperately need to pay for a sea voyage, might I suggest working downstairs.”  Pearl said.  Amelia horrified at the suggestion, remembered Robert’s warning about going downstairs when the club was open. “Before you get the wrong idea, a girl could make a lot of money running a gaming table and serving drinks.  Patrons leave tips for the girls when they win.  It’s almost expected.”  Pearl explained.  “We could always use an extra girl or two downstairs.  You wouldn’t have to do anything but fetch drinks and smile.”
 “I wouldn’t have to provide any other type of entertainment?”  Amelia asked.  Pearl smiled in acknowledgment.  “I’ll think about it.”
 “Let me know soon, and don’t tell Robert.  He’ll be upset that I made the offer.”  Pearl left Amelia alone outside.
Amelia knew she had to leave fast, but transportation was going to be expensive.  Also, the idea of parading around practically naked for strangers made her extremely uncomfortable.  She would have to give this more thought.
Hours later Amelia was in the kitchen helping Nancy with preparations for the next evening’s festivities.  She was explaining to her friend Robert’s offer and Pearl’s suggestion.
 “I think I would take Mr. Deacon up on his offer.  He is handsome.”  Nancy said.  
 “Then you be his mistress, Nancy.  I just want to get back to George.”
Andy was sitting at the small kitchen table playing with his toy horse.  He looked up at Amelia while she was talking about her brother.  He jumped out of his seat and ran down the hall trying to find his way to Robert’s office.  The little boy ran into the room without knocking.  Robert was sitting at his desk; he watched Andy come to a complete stop and give a salute.  
“You have more information for me, Private?”  Robert said.
 “Yes Sir!” Andy said with excitement.  “Miss Amelia wants to run away with George.”
“And do you know who George is?” Robert asked the boy.  Andy shook his head no.  “I have to change Miss Amelia’s mind about George.”  Robert said.  He stood up and handed Andy another toy soldier he promised the boy.  “Come back when you find out more about this George person.”  Andy smiled and ran away with his prize.
Nancy and Amelia weighed the pros and cons of Pearl’s offer.
 “What if your uncle shows tomorrow?”  Nancy asked.
 “Mr. Deacon said he was no longer allowed back here.”  Amelia paused.  “I’m going to give Pearl an answer.  I’m going to do it.  Hopefully it will pay as well as she said and I will be much closer to getting back to my brother.  Do you think Mrs. Hunter ever wrote to him?”  
Nancy shrugged.  “Why don’t you just go to Miss Christine?  I’m sure she would be happy to pay for your voyage.”  Nancy suggested.
 “I thought about it.  I didn’t want to show up on my cousin’s doorstep with my hand out for money after she thought I was dead.  I just couldn’t do it.  Besides, if Mrs. Hunter spoke to her, don’t you think Christine would have found me by now?”
 “Did you at least write to your cousin?”  Nancy asked.
 “No, I meant to.  I was so busy here that it slipped my mind.”
 “Just like telling Mr. Deacon the truth.” Nancy said.
 “Honestly Nancy.  I will.  I will speak to him in the morning after this affair. I have been trying to avoid him mostly.”  Amelia explained.
 “Well, you can’t expect people to find you if you don’t tell them where you are.  And you could have avoided this entire mess with Mr. Deacon if you would have told him who you are.  You said yourself that he has no intention of marrying.  He wouldn’t dream of touching you knowing that there would be a family member that would force him to marry you.”  Nancy frowned at Amelia.  Amelia tried to argue with Nancy, but the cook wouldn’t let her.  “You have been acting like a stubborn girl who has something to prove.  Yes, you are a capable young woman who can care for herself.  But do you really need to go to such lengths to get what you need when there is a much easier way?”
 “You’re right.”  Amelia said looking at the floor.  “I could have been with George a long time ago if I would have written to Christine or told Robert the truth.  I will do it in the morning.  I will tell Robert who I am, and I will write to Christine first thing tomorrow.  Tonight, I will work with Pearl.  Hopefully I will make enough to get home and I won’t have to borrow anything from Christine.”
Nancy smiled, and Amelia left to give Pearl her answer.









Chapter 10
The next evening, Amelia went to Pearl’s chamber.  Her letter was off to Christine, but she was still too nervous to approach Robert.  She thought if she waited till after his affair, she might be able to speak to him quickly.  Hopefully Nancy was right, and Robert would not want to touch her any longer.  
She sat at Pearl’s vanity while Pearl sifted through a cedar chest filled with scantily clad costumes.  Amelia stared at her reflection in the mirror and did not recognize the woman returning her gaze.   There were more cosmetics applied to her face than she would ever consider using.  Her red curls were artfully arranged to spill down her back.
“Ah’ha.” Pearl said. Amelia turned to see what Pearl had found.  Pearl held up an emerald corset and airy matching shawl.
 “It doesn’t leave much to the imagination.”  Amelia said.
 “Most men don’t have much imagination.”
 “What is worn on the bottom?” Amelia asked.
 “This.”  Pearl said shaking the filmy fabric.  The color drained from Amelia’s face.  “Are you having a change of heart?”  Pearl asked.
 “No, I can do this.”  Amelia said.
 “Just smile and be pleasant.  If anyone asked for your company let them know that you are spoken for.”
 “And Robert won’t find out.”  Amelia said nervously.  She twisted the ends of her hair around her finger.
 “No, he’ll be too busy with his guests.”
 “Alright, let’s get this over with.”
Pearl dressed Amelia in the green costume; the skirt allowed everyone to see the silken pantalettes she wore. Once they were downstairs, Pearl gave Amelia brief instructions on the roulette game and set her up at her own table.  The evening went along fine.  She smiled at the patrons, complimented them on their skills and when they left her table they would leave her a tip.  A few of her patrons had asked if she was busy later and she let them know that her evening was already spoken for.  Amelia met with Pearl and the woman offered to hold onto Amelia’s money for safekeeping.  Amelia turned over her money and slowly walked back to her table.
 “It looks like Diablo managed to turn you into a whore after all.”
Amelia recognized the voice and turned around to face her uncle.  “You’re not supposed to be here.”  Her voice was squeaking as she spoke.
 “And you look delicious.”  He replied.
Amelia tried to get away, but Lord Winthrop pulled her close and started squeezing her breast through her costume.  He licked the side of her face; Amelia could smell the liquor on his breath and she gagged.
 “Let go of me.”  She said.
 “Your Aunt would never let me touch you when you lived under my roof.”  He said pushing his hand down the front of her corset.  He squeezed her breast hard; fear gripped Amelia and she couldn’t move.  “But there is no one to stop me tonight.”  He continued.
 “Don’t be so sure of that, Winthrop.”  Robert was behind him.  Lord Winthrop let go of Amelia and gave her a shove.  She stumbled over her feet and fell to the ground. Robert reached down and helped her up. “In fact, you are not supposed to be here.”
 “Diablo,” Lord Winthrop said nervously.  “I thought since my debt was paid I would be allowed back.”
 “Hardly,” Robert said. “And how do you plan on paying for the pleasure of my girls’ company?”
 “I gave you that girl.  I thought I could use her.”
 “This lady is not for sale, and you are not welcome on this property.”  Lord Winthrope tried to leave quickly, but two of Robert’s guards grabbed him.  “Send him back to his wife in one piece, but in a great deal of pain.”  Robert glanced back.  “Get him out of here.” He said through clenched teeth.  Once the guards had managed to take the struggling Lord Winthrop out of the building, Robert pulled Amelia away from the door.  “Are you alright?”  He asked her. Amelia nodded.  He took off his jacket and draped it over her shoulders.  Robert wrapped his arm around her and led her off the floor and upstairs.  She glanced around the game room as she was leaving, most guests were still occupied with their games and whores.  No one had witnessed what occurred.
 “You were not supposed to be here.”  He said harshly.
 “You don’t understand.”  She said.  “There are things I should have told you about.”
 “I don’t want to hear it.” He yelled.  “Lucky for you, no one saw what took place.”
Robert led her to his chamber.  His bed chamber was lit softly by the fireplace, and Amelia stood in front of it.  
“I gave you an order.  You were never to go onto the floor without me especially dressed like that.”  He shouted.   Amelia became overly warm in Robert’s coat.  She took the coat off forgetting that her dress hid nothing.  “Let me guess.  You are trying to get to your precious George.” He said.
 “Yes” she said softly with her head bent down.  Tears welled in her eyes and started to roll down her cheeks.
Robert gazed at her in the emerald green dress.  Amelia waited silently for him to yell at her.  Instead, he stepped closer to her and rested the palm of his hand on her cheek.  Caressing her cheek, he brushed the tears away.  She did not run from him, her arms hung loosely by her side.
 “My lovely Lee, how could you do something so foolish.”  He said moving his hand to the back of her head and ran his fingers through her loose curls.  
Amelia shivered and said “I needed the money. I could never ask for so much from anyone.”
Robert’s other hand went to her waist and he pulled her close to him.  Amelia placed her hands on his chest and moved them up to rest on his shoulders.
 “My lady, I would give you anything you asked for.”  His hand was still in her hair and he brought his mouth to meet hers.  Robert kissed her lightly and brushed her lips with the tip of his tongue.  Amelia gasped opening her mouth and Robert slipped his tongue inside.  She brushed her tongue against his and enjoyed the sensation.  Robert moved his mouth away from hers and began trailing kisses along her jaw and down her neck.  Amelia pressed her body closer to his.  She wanted to feel every inch of his body against her.
“Tell me to stop and I will, but you need to say it now.  I won’t be able to control myself later.” He said as he pulled her corset down freeing her breasts.  He caressed one of her nipples with his thumb, moved his head lower and flicked his tongue across the other. 
Amelia gasped for air.  “Yes, I want you, Robert.” She breathed heavily.  
Robert reached to the back of her corset and undid the laces.  He tugged on her skirt and it pooled at her feet.  Robert stepped back and looked her over; she felt his hungry eyes on her.  Amelia reached up and undid his cravat and unbuttoned his shirt.  She caressed his bare chest with her fingertips gently running her fingers through the coarse hair on his chest.  Her feather light touch was driving him mad.  He undid his trousers and released his erection.  She continued to stroke his arms and chest. Amelia paused before she reached his manhood; she took it in her hand.  She massaged him gently up and down his shaft.  Robert shuddered at her touch.  He kissed her again, this time with more need.  Robert picked her up and placed her on his bed.
 “My turn.”  He said when her back was on his mattress.  Robert kneeled over her and ran his hands up and down her trembling body.  Gently he squeezed her nipples and took turns sucking each breast flicking her nipple with his tongue.  Amelia’s back arched slightly as she gasped again.  Robert ran one hand down her belly and eased apart her thighs.  He ran a finger through her center and slid it inside her.  In and out he slid his fingers making sure she was wet for him.  Amelia arched her back further and moaned with pleasure.  He watched her face and felt her throb as she had an orgasm.  Her eyes were shut, her mouth open, and she was panting.  “Are you ready for me, Lee?”  She nodded, trembling with anticipation.
Robert laid down on top of her and nudged her thighs farther apart with his knee.  Slowly he eased himself into her.  Amelia’s eyes opened with shock to feel his manhood inside her.  He kissed her forehead and quietly reassured her that the pain was only temporary.  The stinging pain she felt disappeared into a light ache, and that was replaced with a need to have him deep inside her.  Robert began thrusting himself deeper, lightly at first.  She felt herself relax as she trusted him with her body.  Amelia began to run her thighs along the outside of his legs and she rocked her hips to meet his.  The desire she felt quickened and she sensed another release of pleasure.  Robert thrust into her faster and harder.  True to his word, he was unable to stop himself.  A loud moan escaped her lips and Robert silenced her with a deep kiss. He pulled her legs up and around his waist and thrust more urgently into her.  Just when she thought her body could not give anymore, another surge of passion washed over her body, pulsating with each of his thrusts.  Robert, not being able to hold on any longer, found his release with her.  
Carefully Robert rolled to his back and pulled Amelia with him; she rested her head on his chest.  He brushed Amelia’s damp curls from her forehead and smiled.  Robert held her and caressed her arm.  Holding her close, he kissed the top of her head.  Amelia didn’t want to move from his embrace.
“I know a lovely little townhome not that far from here.  I’ll spare no expense for you.”  He said.
Amelia wrinkled her brow in confusion.  “I don’t understand.”  She finally said.
“I don’t want you to move too far and I’m sure that you don’t want to live here and be my mistress, but if that is what you want.”  He ran his fingers through her hair.
 “No, that’s not what I mean.  I can’t stay here.”  She started to explain.
  “Then townhome it is.  We can look at it in the morning.”
 Amelia sat up in bed looking down at Robert.  She didn’t know how to explain to him that she still needed to try and reach her brother.  What they had shared was beautiful. She struggled to find the right words to explain things to Robert; she wanted him to go with her.  Amelia’s face was soft, pensive and a little sad.
Robert jumped out of bed, crossed the room, picked his trousers off the floor and quickly pulled them on.  He kept his back to her as he dressed.  Amelia stared at him, wondering what he was up to.  She was still going over the words in her head. Amelia wanted him to travel with her and meet Georgie.  She understood that Robert had no wish to be a married family man and she did not want to force him into an arrangement he wanted nothing to do with.  She would never tell George, of course.  Her brother could never know what happened or Robert would have no choice but to marry her.  Sally was right; she did love Robert.  She didn’t want to see him unhappy, but at the same time she didn’t want to lose Robert from her life.
 “It’s George, isn’t it?  You love him.”  His voice sounded odd to her, like he was forcing himself to be calm.
 “Robert, you don’t understand.” She said more confused than before.  She watched him walk into his sitting room.  He returned to the bedroom with a large sum of money in his hands.  Gently he poured the money into Amelia’s hands and grabbed her wrists.
 “By all means, go to him.”  He said as he pulled her out of his bed.  Sheets were tangled around her body as he pushed her toward the door.  Robert opened the door and shoved a nearly naked Amelia into the hallway.  Amelia stumbled and turned around to see Robert.  “Go now to your George, go tonight.  I don’t need another whore in my house.” 
“Robert, I need to explain to you my situation.” She said in desperation.
“I wish to hear no more of your lies.” He slammed and locked his door.
Amelia began pounding on the door.  “Please, Robert you don’t understand.”  She cried.  Tears ran down her face.  Amelia banged harder on the door.  “Please just open the door, and we’ll talk.”
Pearl was making her rounds about the club.  She searched the tables and could not find Amelia.  She spotted Sally on the floor.
 “Sally, where is Lee?”
 “I’m sorry, Pearl.  Mr. Deacon took her upstairs.”
 “I told you to make sure he didn’t see her.”
 “Pearl, Lord Winthrope snuck in.  He found Lee first.”
 “I need to go, keep an eye on things for me.”
Pearl reached Robert’s chamber in time to see Robert tossing Amelia into the hallway.  Amelia stopped banging on the door but was still crying.  Pearl placed her hands onto Amelia’s shoulders and hugged the hysterical woman.
“Pearl,” she said between sobs.  “He’s ruined me, just like you said he would.”  
“Go to your room, Amelia.  Get dressed and pack your things.  I have a friend that will help you get out of London tonight.  He is sailing for the Port of Delaware and you can travel safely with him.”
“Pearl I can’t owe anyone favors.”
 “Stop being so stubborn and do as I say.  You’ll be gone before sunrise and you can forget this entire evening.  No one will ever know what has taken place here.”
Amelia ran to her room to dress and wait for Pearl instructions.  Pearl and Sally came up thirty minutes later to see Amelia wearing the same rags she had arrived in.
 “Where are your bags, miss?”  Sally asked.
 “I arrived with nothing and I’ll leave with nothing.”  Amelia said stiffly.
“You can’t wear that thing.”  Pearl said pointing to the tattered rags that passed for Amelia’s dress.
 “This is the only thing here that is mine,” Amelia said.
 “I do not care.” Pearl shouted. “Swallow your pride and take at least one of the damn dresses he bought for you.”  Amelia stared back at her, barley holding the tears back.  “He’s a fool, Amelia and he doesn’t deserve an honest woman like you.”  
 “I haven’t exactly been honest with him, Pearl.”
 “We all have secrets, my dear.  Now let us hurry and get you out of here.  Sally, help Miss Lee get dressed.”  
Sally helped Amelia dress in one of the high neck grey dresses that she usually wore.  The women left the room and walked down the halls to the staircase.
 “I’ve made arrangements for Sally to travel with you.”  Pearl said as Amelia eyed the tiny maid.  She was about to protest when Pearl continued.  “I know you loathe the idea of taking Robert’s money.  The girls pooled their money together and want you to take it instead.”
 “I can’t take it.”  Amelia said.
 “It’s alright.”  One of the girls said.
 “We’ll make it back tomorrow.” Another said with a sly smile.
Amelia was still holding Robert’s money; she looked down at it and back up a Pearl.  Peal held out her hand to take the money back.  “I’d like to leave him a note,” Amelia whispered.  One of the girls brought her a pencil and paper.  Amelia wrote a short missive, folded the paper in half and handed it to Pearl with Robert’s money.
 “I’ll see he gets this in the morning.”  She said.  “Now, let’s get you on your way before Captain Harris leaves without you.”  She took Amelia by the arm and led her out the door.  Sally was already outside waiting for them.  The carriage and driver were also ready and waiting.
 “What will happen to Nancy?” Amelia asked.
 “Nothing,” Pearl replied. “Robert never pays much attention to the household staff.  She’ll be fine and well paid.”  A fat man jumped down to open the carriage door for her.  “Off you go.  The captain will not wait.”  Pearl said her good-byes.  Amelia hugged her.
 “Good-bye Pearl.  I will miss you.”
 Amelia climbed into the carriage and waited.  Pearl pulled Sally aside before she could climb in.
 “Keep an eye on her.  Write to me when you arrive.”  Pearl handed a small coin purse to Sally.  “You’re my spy now.”
Sally nodded to Pearl before climbing into the coach. “Things will work out fine, Miss Lee.”  Sally said with her ever-optimistic smile.
 “It’s Southerton.”  Amelia said.  “My name is Lady Amelia Southerton and my brother will insist that you call me by my proper name.  I will make sure he pays you well for this.”
Sally smiled again.  “I didn’t do this for the money.  I like you Lady Southerton.  You’re a good woman and deserve better.”  Amelia smiled wearily, and her eyes closed.



Chapter 11
Robert woke the next morning with a blinding headache.  He had spent the rest of the night drinking to help him forget the redheaded witch with her beautiful face, delicate curves and delicious mouth.  It was no use; the image of her naked body was burned into his brain.  She betrayed him for another man; no woman had ever left him for another man.  Robert’s chest still ached.  His bedroom door swung open so hard that it banged the wall behind it.  He opened one bloodshot eye to see Pearl holding a skeleton key in her hand.
 “What do you want?”  He grumbled.
 “To give you this.”  She held out the money and note.  Robert carefully took it out of her hands.  He read and re-read the note in Amelia’s neat script. 
“It says ‘Burn in Hell, you evil Bastard.’”  Pearl said.
 “I know what it says.”  Robert said loudly.  He winced and gingerly placed his hand on his throbbing temple.
 “I wasn’t sure you could read it.  You still seem drunk.”  Pearl replied.
 “Where is she?”
 “Gone,” Pearl said curtly.
Carefully, Robert stood up and pushed past her.  He was sure that either Sally or Pearl had hidden the woman last night. Robert walked down the hall to Amelia’s room and started screaming her name.  He didn’t care how bad he felt.  Pearl caught up to him.
 “I told you she is gone.”  Pearl repeated.
 “Impossible, where would she go?  She left everything here.  She has no money.”  He said.
 “She refused to take anything you gave her.  I made her take one of the dresses.  The girls and I gave her what we made last night to pay for her voyage.”
Robert still didn’t seem to believe her and continued to scream Amelia’s name.  He stumbled back into the hall and saw Andy walking around.  The boy smiled at him.
 “You,” Robert shouted pointing to the child.  “Tell your mother I need to speak to her now.”
Andy nodded and ran off.  Robert went back to Amelia’s room and sat at her desk.  He waited for what seemed like an eternity for the cook to arrive.  Nancy bobbed and waited in front of the desk.
 “Where is she?”  He asked.
 “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Sir.”  She said.
 “You damn well know what I’m talking about.  Where did Lee go and who is George.”  He yelled rubbing his temple. His head was throbbing with each word he spoke. 
Nancy stood straight and stared the man down.  “Her name is Lady Amelia Southerton, daughter to the late Lord Southerton.  Lord George Southerton is her bother.  She is a finely bred lady, Sir.  Not some housekeeper for a whorehouse.”  Nancy did not blink but continued speaking with a hint of anger in her voice.  “When her father died, Miss Amelia was in the care of her Aunt and Uncle, Lord and Lady Winthrop.  Lady Winthrop was the late Lord Southerton’s sister.  When Lord Southerton died, Lady Winthrop forced Amelia to be her scullery maid to pay off an imaginary debt of her father’s.  Her aunt told Amelia’s brother that Amelia had died of grief then begged for the use of Amelia’s dowry; I’m sure most of it was spent here.  As for where she went, I hope she that was able to find a way to her brother’s home in Pennsylvania.”
Robert felt his stomach turn and his headache worsened.  He had spent his night deflowering an innocent lady, called her a whore and threw her out when she was attempting to find her brother.  She had even tried to explain what she needed to do and he refused to listen.   She trusted him, and he betrayed her, like everyone else had done.  The contents of his stomach rolled.
 “Did you know any of this?”
 “No.” Pearl said softly and started at the floor hiding her face.  
 “Where did she go, Pearl.”  He shouted.
 “Captain Harris took her.  I paid him to make sure she got to where ever she needed to go.”  She replied.
 “I thought you and the girls paid for the voyage.”
 “Yes, but I paid Captain Harris to deliver Amelia to her brother’s doorstep.”  Pearl saw the worried look on Robert’s face.  “She’ll be safe, Robert.”
Slowly Robert stood up and walked into Amelia’s bedroom and slammed the door behind him.
 “Is he going to be alright?”  Nancy asked.
 “No, he’s in love with her.”  Pearl replied, she frowned at Nancy.  “Do you happen to have an address for her brother?”
 “I don’t, but I know someone who might.”
 “Good, find them.  I have a feeling we might be traveling soon.”

Amelia woke up to a gentle rocking sensation.  She was still aboard the Lady Fair with Captain Harris and his crew.  This was the third week out to sea and she was beginning to get anxious that she would never set foot on dry land again.  The captain and crew were kind to her.  Captain Harris even lent Amelia a few of his books to read.  She offered to help crew members with their duties, but Sally had informed everyone of Amelia’s identity and the crew politely declined.  When Amelia pointed out to Sally that she had spent many years scrubbing floors, cooking, cleaning and doing everything no one else wanted to do; Sally responded, “Those days are behind you now.”    
Still, Amelia needed to find something to occupy her time.  She had asked crew members to teach her everything there was to know about sailing.  She knew all about sailing by the stars and how to tie knots, but her knot work needed improvement.  Amelia wanted to see the world from the crow’s nest, but Sally said something about improper behavior for a lady before she threw up over the side of the ship. 
 Sally had spent most of her days with her head hanging off the side of the ship.  When she wasn’t retching, she was trying to usher Amelia below decks to read quietly, but Amelia was having none of it.  Amelia needed to forget about Robert and the only way to do that was to stay busy.  It was the nights that were the most unbearable.  Amelia would try to sleep, but every time she closed her eyes she would see him.  Sometimes he was kind and tender.  Other times she would see him and he was yelling, calling her a whore and demanding she leaves.  Amelia prayed to forget, but his memory lingered on.
This morning Sally was gone from their room.  A plain cotton shirt and brown trousers sat on a table.  Some of the men allowed Amelia and Sally to borrow their spare clothing while they laundered their dresses.  Amelia enjoyed the freedom of movement the breeches allowed her, she could dress without assistance, but Amelia had to roll up the pants to keep from tripping over them.  Once above deck, Amelia spotted Sally with her head hanging over the side of the ship.  Captain Harris had said that Sally should be getting her sea legs soon and should start to feel better.  Sally did not appear to be getting better anytime soon.
Amelia saw a sailor mending a tear in one of the nets.  Amelia sat beside him and helped him work.
“Miss Amelia, you should not be doing that.”  Sally said.  The girl still looked green. 
 “I’ll make a deal with you, Sally.”  Amelia said.  “I’ll stop when you can make me stop.” She laughed.  Sally looked like she was going to say something, but she bent the side of the ship instead.  Amelia laughed again.
 “She’s right, Miss.”  The sailor said.  “This ain’t suitable work for a lady like yourself.”
 “But I’m bored.”  She protested.  “And I need to find something to do to be useful.”  The sailor smiled and offered up no further objection.
Amelia spent the remainder of the day working with the men.  Her mind was empty of everything but her task at hand.  It would stay that way till it was time for her to sleep.  Then the ghost of Robert would haunt her once more. 
Three weeks had passed since Robert last saw Amelia.  It felt like an eternity without her and he was sure bits of his soul were dying every day since she left.  He had spent most of his time sitting on the floor of her room, lying on her bed, wrapping himself in her sheets, inhaling the last of her scent, lilac soap and clean linen.  Servants would come and go.  Robert wouldn’t let them change the bedding in Amelia’s room.  He also forbade them to change the linens on his bed.  He wanted to remember his sins. The only time he left the room was to grab another bottle of brandy.  He would walk the hall to his own chambers, grab a new bottle and stare at his bed with the rumpled sheets.  The alcohol did nothing to help him forget.
 “You’re disgusting.”  A woman said to him.
 “I know.”  Robert’s words sloshed out of his mouth.  Amelia’s blanket was wrapped around his shoulders.  His hair hung limp and dirty in his face.
 “I mean you are dirty, and you smell terrible.”  She said.
Robert stared at the blurry image of the woman in front of him, willing his eyes to focus on her.  He was hoping and praying that it was his Lee returning to him.  Unfortunately, he could see Pearl’s dark ringlets hanging over her shoulders.
 “Get up.”  She yelled at him with her hands on her hips.  “Take a bath, get dressed and for God’s sake, stop drinking for one night.”  She pleaded.
 “I can’t,” he said.  “I’m trying to kill myself.”
 “Yes, entirely too slow.”  She said.  “If you truly wanted to end your life you could have done it weeks ago and spared the rest of us this misery.”  Pearl waved her hands around to gesture at Robert’s mess of liquor bottles and tangled sheets he would drag around the house.
 “I’m torturing myself.”
 “And you’re enjoying this too.”  Pearl said.  “I’ll beat you if you like.  Will that make you get off the floor for one night?”
Robert grunted, not enjoying the joke at his expense.  “You didn’t see her face, Pearl.  When I called her a whore and threw her out, her face, the pain on her face.”
 “I saw her, I was there.”  Pearl reminded him.
 “Then you know I deserve this.”
 “Let’s go to her, Robert.”  Pearl reached down to tug on one of Robert’s arm, but the man would not budge.  “Nancy found her brother’s address, and if you had paid attention to Nancy in the first place, you would have realized that you have been doing business with George Southerton.  Captain Harris can bring us out to Lee.”
 “It would be too late.  Her brother would have married her off to some fine gentleman by the time I get out there.”
 “Did you forget who you were before this club?  Did you forget who your family is? Yes, you’re not the first in line for a title, but you were a fine gentleman once.  It’s time for you to grow up and forget this game that you have been playing.  Your brother no longer cares what we do.  And if father could see this,” Pearl took a deep breath and placed both hands on her hips.  She looked around the room again.  “He would be horribly disappointed in the both of us.”  
Robert stared at Pearl trying his best to make sense of her words.  Grow up and be responsible, yes that`s what his sister was trying to tell him and what Amelia had teased him so often about.  His mind went again to his lovely Amelia and the pain in his chest became sharp.  Robert would gladly give his life to make the pain stop.  He rested his head on his knees, ignoring Pearl’s presence.
 “If she means so much to you go to her and apologize.”  Pearl hissed.
 “What if she won’t forgive me?”  He asked sounding more like a lost child. “Then you do not stop apologizing and begging for forgiveness until she does.”
 “I do not beg.”  He said holding his head up as best he could.
 “Then you will learn.”  She said with her arms folded across her chest.
Robert tilted his head back and rested it on Amelia’s bed.  “I guess I could eat something.”  He said.  “A bath and clean clothing wouldn’t hurt either.”
Pearl smiled to herself.  She would finally get him to move from this spot.  Instead, her brother closed his eyes and began to snore.  Exasperated, Pearl huffed.  She picked up the liquor bottles from the floor.  Tomorrow was a new day and he would start it sober.  
It was only eight pm and the club was mostly empty.  Pearl would run things again tonight.  Hours ticked on, and still the club saw few patrons.  A loud commotion came from one of the rooms along with the distinct smell of smoke.  Pearl followed the disturbance to see the drapes and half the drawing room was up in flame.  One of the girls was holding her hand in pain.  Pearl could see the circular burn on her hand.  One of Robert’s bodyguards was behind Pearl.  
 “Get the clients out, I’ll get the servants.”  She shouted.  “And be quick, I might need help getting Robert out.”  Pearl ran up the steps and started ringing bells for the servants.  Soon everyone was gathering in the halls.  “There’s a fire downstairs.  Everyone needs to get out.” 
Pearl left them to try and wake Robert.  He was still slumped on the floor of Amelia’s bedroom.  She shook his shoulders and slapped his face.  Robert opened his eyes and quickly shut them.  Pearl let out a sigh of frustration but saw an open bottle of brandy that she had forgotten on the dresser.  She grabbed it and threw the rest of the contents in his face.  Robert opened his eyes and screamed.
 “Didn’t anyone tell you that alcohol burns?”  He cried.
 “The house is on fire,” Pearl said with an unnatural calm in her voice.  She stared at him to make sure he understood what she was saying
Robert tilted his head. He could now smell the smoke from downstairs.  They heard Nancy screaming in the hallway.  Slowly he stood and followed Pearl to the door
 “I can’t find Andy.  I won’t leave without him.”  A guard was trying to drag her down the stairs. 
 Pearl popped her head into the hallway.  “Go, Nancy.  I’ll keep looking for him.  Is he the only one not accounted for?”  The guard nodded and pulled a distraught Nancy down the steps.
Robert was still stumbling around the room.  He walked back to the bedroom and heard the soft whimpering of a child coming from the cedar chest in the bedroom.  He opened the chest to see Andy curled up inside.  
 “What are you doing in there?”  He asked the boy.
 “The lid closed, and I couldn’t open it.”
He lifted the boy out of the chest and met Pearl in the hall.  Quickly they both ran down the steps and out of the club.  Nancy cried when she saw her boy.  She took him out of Robert’s arm.  There was a small box in the boy’s hands.  
 “Where did you find that?”  He asked the boy.
 “In the trash bin in Miss Amelia’s room.”
Robert held out his hand and the boy turned over the box to him.  He vaguely remembered throwing out the box.  He opened it and saw the silver comb he bought for Amelia. Robert looked around at the small group of people standing in the street in front of his burning club.  He knew nothing would be left inside.  His clients had run off, and a few of his girls had run away as well.  He looked at Andy and ruffled the boy’s hair. “How would you like to go on an adventure?” Robert asked.  “We’ll even bring your mother.”  Andy smiled and nodded.  Robert directed his guard to take the remaining staff to an inn for the night.  He would see what he could do for everyone in the morning.  His coach had been summoned and he ushered Pearl, Nancy and Andy inside and instructed the driver to take them to his brother’s townhome.  
Pearl settled herself next to Nancy and across from Robert.  Her gaze narrowed and her arms were crossed.
 “What do you plan on telling James when we show up on his doorstep?”  She asked.
 “He’s hardly there.  James stays sequestered in the country anymore.  Unless there is a meeting in Parliament.  They aren’t in session, now are they?  I never know.”  He said with a shrug.
 “Pardon me, sir,” Nancy said.  “I don’t mean to speak out of turn, but why do you need Andrew and myself?”
 “Because we are going to find Amelia in Pennsylvania and Andy is my good luck charm.  This” he said shaking the box with the silver comb inside “is fate.  This survived.  Amelia will forgive me.  And young Andrew will help me win her back.”  Nancy opened her mouth to protest the use of her son, but Robert continued.  “I will make sure that Andy will have access to the finest education and the best opportunities no matter what the outcome is with Amelia.”  Nancy looked to Pearl for guidance, but the other woman just shrugged.
They arrived at the townhome of James Deacon, Earl of Prescott.  Robert knocked loudly at the door.  A tired servant answered and tried to politely say that it was too late for visitors, but Robert pushed passed him into the foyer.
 “I am the earl’s brother, Robert.”  He said.
The servant gave Robert a dubious look, “The master is sleeping.”
 “Ah, James is here.  So, wake him.”
 “No need for that, you already woke me.”  The Earl of Prescott hobbled down the steps. James Deacon had the same height as his brother, tall and broad shoulders.  Both men had similar coloring, but James’ eyes were the same as his sisters, a deep blue almost violet.  He wore a rumpled red dressing gown and everything else about him gave one the impression that he did not care about his appearance at all.  The man had an unkempt beard, and his hair was just as dirty as Robert’s.  He reached the bottom of the steps and walked with a limp to his brother.  “And what brings my dear brother and his menagerie to my doorstep in the middle of the night.”  James said, his speech dripping with sarcasm.
Robert glanced around the foyer, immaculate it was not.  The royal blue wallpaper was peeling and the porcelain floor tiles were loose.  In the dim gaslight, Robert could see cobwebs hanging up high in the corners. “My house burnt or is still burning, down.  I thought you might show your ‘dear’ brother some charity and allow us to stay the night.”
 “Charity, hmm, isn’t that the name of one of your whores?”  James said looking at Pearl.
 “It’s Pearl, like precious.”  She said. Her eyes narrowed as she stared at the earl.  Robert stepped in front of Pearl.  It was the first time in years that James and Pearl had been in the same room.
 “I bet you are.”  James said grimacing at the woman.
 “Pearl is my partner, James, not one of my whores.” Robert put an arm around Pearl’s shoulder.
James grunted, Robert watched his brother limp toward them. “What are your plans, Robert?”
“My immediate plans include crawling into a bed and going to sleep. Tomorrow I will speak to my accountant, handle any business that I need to with my club, stop by the shipping office, tie up loose ends and book passage to Pennsylvania to follow up on some investment opportunities.”
 “Fine.  Leopold,” James said addressing his servant.  “Find rooms for my brother and his whores.”
“Mrs. Baker is not one of my whores,” Robert shouted at James.  “She is my cook.”
 “Why are you taking your cook?” James asked sighing loudly. His tone was implying that he didn’t care if Robert answered.  “I’m sure they have plenty of cooks where you are going.”  James said as he turned to leave the party.
“She is a good cook.”  Robert answered smartly.
Leopold gestured for the group to follow and he showed each of them to a room.  Robert entered his room, crawled into bed and shut his eyes.  Immediately images of Amelia tortured his sleep.  He had to win her back at any cost.
First morning light came, and Robert felt slightly less hung over.  He borrowed his brother’s valet and a suit.  There was much to plan and none of his problems would be solved by sleeping till noon.  Robert heard the thumping of his brother’s cane in the hallway.
 “Good morning, brother.” Robert spoke as he arranged his cravat in the mirror, fidgeting and pulling at the fabric while James’ valet looked on and sighed.  In the morning light, the house seemed as gloomy as it had the night before. Nothing appeared to have been dusted in years. “I hope you don’t mind me borrowing your valet and clothing.  You don’t seem to use them.”
 James watched his brother.  Robert was only five years younger, but James had a haggard look making him appear much older.  James knew his brother’s habits and early rising was not one of them.  “And what are you up to at this hour?  Don’t you usually sleep till the afternoon?”  James asked. 
 “I need to see my accountant, my lawyer, stop at my warehouse to go over a few manifests and cargo, and book our passage.  I can’t do all that from my bed.”
Again, James watched his little brother.  Robert had always cared about his appearance, but studious he was not.  “Who is she, Robert?”
Robert took a breath.  His smile faded, and his face grew more serious.  “Amelia Southerton.  She has gone to find her brother in Pennsylvania.”
 “I heard she had died a few years ago, shortly after the death of her father.”
 “Lies started by her Aunt, Lady Winthrop.”
 “And how did this fine lady come into your acquaintance?” 
 “Her uncle traded her to me to wipe out his debt.”
 “Do I want to hear the rest of this story?”  James asked.
 “Speak to Mrs. Baker, my cook.  She used to be the cook for Lord and Lady Winthrope.”
 “When you find your lady and she rejects you, what will you do then?” James asked.
Robert’s face few somber again.  “I can’t fail.  I will win her back.”
James grunted and walked away.
Robert returned from his morning meetings.  Pearl met him in the hallway.  She was wearing a borrowed dressing gown over her work attire; her hair tied in a simple knot on the top her head.  The stress of caring for Robert and the events of the night before wore on her face.  “We leave in a week.”  He said with a scowl.
 “So soon?  Will we have everything we need by then?”  Pearl asked.
 “I wanted to be gone by then,” Robert said.
 “We need time to have everything settled before we leave.” Pearl reminded him.
James joined them.  “Do you know where you are going, brother?”
 “Yes.” Robert answered curtly. “And where will you go when you arrive?  Have you secured a place to stay? Do you have any other plan of action other than tracking your lady down?  Of course, you don’t.”  James reprimanded as Robert’s mouth tightened into a thin line.  “I have taken the liberty of speaking to your solicitor.  Your partner,” James inclined his head in the direction of Pearl, “has graciously provided the address of Lord Southerton.  Your solicitor is in the process of finding you a place to rent close to the Southerton residence.   I also spoke to him about your current establishment or lack thereof. I understand that there is nothing salvageable.  Are you planning on taking this voyage with just the clothes on your back?” As he spoke, James looked at Pearl in a borrowed dressing gown.  “A week is barely enough time to prepare.  But that is like you, brother.  You are so quick to run off on the next adventure that you hardly ever consider the consequences of your actions.”
 “You wouldn’t understand,” Robert said through clenched teeth.
 “What don’t I understand?  You love her; you can’t live without her.  I heard what you did, and I’m not surprised your lady left in such a hurry.  And if she forgives you, well that would be a surprise.”
Robert`s legs shook as he knees buckled, he sat down in an uncomfortable chair and dropped his head in his hands.  Pearl stood beside him and rubbed his shoulders.
 “I’m sorry, Robert,” James said softly.  He looked at the wall, refusing to look at Robert and Pearl.  James shook his head and sighed.  He bent his head, hiding his face with his hair.  “But you never think of the consequences.  Yes, you said that.”  Robert finished.
 “Just take this time to make a plan.” James said.  Robert looked at his brother and nodded.  
James left the hall and slowly walked up the stairs with his cane.  Pearl’s eyes followed James to the top.  She gently kissed the top of Robert’s head, excused herself and walked after James.
 “I thought you might follow me.”  James said when she reached the top of the stairs.  “I expect you have a great deal to say to me, Elizabeth.”  Pearl stared at Lord Prescott with shock, her mouth opened slightly as if she was going to speak her mind.  “Yes, I know who you are.  How could I forget about Robert’s little shadow?  Never mind what you have to say to me right now.”  He said with a wave of his hand.  “Follow me, I have something for you.”  He held out his free arm for her to take. “Well take it, I won’t bite you.”  Reluctantly, Pearl held onto his elbow and he led her down the hall to one of the bedchambers and opened the door.  Fancy gowns and other assortment of dresses were draped over the bed.  “You will be going into society and you will need things to wear.  These belonged to my ex-wife and are of no use to anyone here.”  James stared straight ahead.  Pearl stared at him waiting for him to look at her or explain what he was doing.
 “Thank you, but I can’t.”  She said as politely as she could.
 “You can, and you will.”  He shouted.  He turned to look at her.  Pearl’s eyes were large with surprise.   “I know you are not used to accepting gifts without strings attached, and you have absolutely no reason to trust me after what I’ve done to you and Eddie.”  He spoke calmly, “But I need you to continue to watch out for him.  You need to be a lady.  I assume you remember how to conduct yourself in polite society?”
 “I know how to behave myself, Lord Prescott.”  Pearl straightened her shoulders and stood taller.
 “Good, you will be representing our family’s name.  I need you to conduct yourself properly and make sure that Robert doesn’t do anything rash.”
 “What makes you think I can keep Robert from doing anything he wants to.”  She said.
 “I know you look out for him and keep him out of trouble when you can.  I know I can trust you.  And don’t call me Lord Prescott anymore.  The Earl died years ago.”
Pearl watched James intently.  A few kind moments were not going to erase all the hatred she had for the earl, but she could see that the years had not been kind to him.  She reached up to push some of his straggly hair behind an ear.  “You can be kind when you wish,” she said, “but I think you don’t want people to know.”
 “I could say the same about you.”  He replied.  “Please take what you want and find something appropriate to wear for now.”  He frowned as he looked over her dressing gown and work attire.  “I will make sure the cook and her son have something as well.”  He paused in the doorway.  “Elizabeth, I know there is much I have done wrong to you and many others, but” he shifted uncomfortably and refused to meet Pearl’s eyes.
Pearl saw his unease. “Don’t say another word.  But I am as much Elizabeth as you are Lord Prescott.  I go by Pearl now.”
James nodded his head, “You always were Father’s precious pearl.”
Pearl paused a moment and smirked at her brother.  She looked around the room that had been sealed up like a tomb, preserving the memory of the woman James once loved. “Why now?”  She asked him. “After all this time, why are you getting rid of her things now.” 
 “She had no use for what she left behind. She didn’t want anything I gave to her. Now there is someone who could use her things.”  James shrugged his shoulders and let out a deep breath.  “And I need her memory to leave me in peace.  I look at her belongings, and all I think about is that someone else is making her happier than I ever could.” He said, and he left to Pearl go through the clothing.
Pearl looked over the dresses, gloves and assorted bonnets that the earl had left for her.  Something was telling Pearl that it was a little more than guilt that was forcing James to be kind.  She had heard rumors of the earl’s ex-wife and the mystery around her disappearance.  The former Lady Prescott, a beautiful young lady that James had met while touring France, was not aware of husband’s cruel behavior when they had married.  Discovering his true nature, the lady fled her husband presumably to go home to her family.  The rumor was that James had murdered his wife in a fit of passion.  Robert told Pearl the Lady Prescott had pushed James down a flight of stairs to escape her beastly husband.  Robert assured his sister that the lady was alive and well living with her family in France.  Robert had been the one James had called upon for help after the fall; he would take Sally with him for help.  Robert had wondered if the rumor of the murder was true, until the day that James was served with divorce papers.  Pearl had told her mother the story of how James’ cruelty had finally caught up with him.  Pearl herself didn’t feel sorry for him, but seeing his disheveled appearance now made her cringe.   
Pearl found a lovely bright yellow gown with pink flowers on the skirt that would be perfect for wearing to tea.  Glancing at her reflection in a dusty mirror, she decided that Robert wasn’t the only one that needed to clean up.  Her hair was disheveled, and her face had soot smears from the night before.  She took the yellow dress back to her room and rang for someone to bring her some water and soap.  Within a short time, Pearl was clean and dressed in the fine yellow dress.  She walked down the steps and paused at the front door to check her reflection in the dusty mirror that hung in the narrow entrance hallway.
 “Where do you think, you are off to?”  The unmistakably gruff voice of her older brother James shouted at her from the top of the stairs.
 “I’m going to see Lady Denton.”  Pearl replied in her usual flat tone.
 “I didn’t realize that you were acquainted with the lady.”
 “I’m not; I thought I would introduce myself to Amelia’s cousin.” Pearl said as James walked down the steps.  He managed to clean himself up, but his unkempt hair and beard left him still looking disheveled.
 “Not by yourself.  I will accompany you.” James said as he reached the bottom of the steps.
 “A few nice words and pretty dresses do not mean I want to be in your company, your Grace.”  She said stiffly.
 “You don’t have much choice, sister.” He said as he pulled on her elbow and walked her to the door.
 “What do you think you are doing?” She yelled at him while she tried to pull out of his grasp.  He was still much stronger than her.  
 “I was planning on visiting Lady Denton myself, she is the cousin to Robert’s lady love, isn’t she?”
 “Yes, that is what Nancy told me.”  She said, James looked confused. “Robert’s cook.”
 “You’re on the first name basis with your staff.” He glared down his nose at her with a smirk on his face.  It was a look that had frightened her as a small child.  Pearl took a deep breath as she did her best to resist the urge to kick his good leg out from under him.
 “They are not nameless entities, James.  Your servants work for you; they are not beneath you.”  She said as James continued to escort Pearl out the door.  His coach was ready and waiting outside for them.  A footman opened the door and James gave Pearl a light push inside.  She sat down and James sat down across from her.  “You’re rude, James.”
James snorted.  “I’m not the only one who’s rude, my dear.  And what were you planning on saying to Lady Denton.  Are you going to tell the lady how you met her cousin while you were working as a whore in your brother’s club?”
Pearl lurched out of her seat and threw herself at her brother.  She did her best to wrap her hands around his neck.  “I am not a whore.”  She screamed as James tried to fight her off.
James pulled her arms away from his neck and wrapped his arms around her holding her tightly forcing her to sit down next to him.  “I’m sorry, Elizabeth.  I was out of line.  I didn’t mean to imply that you are a whore.  You are Robert’s business partner.” He said gently.  Pearl stopped struggling, and James relaxed his hold on her.  “I know I am a horrible old man.”  
Pearl crossed her arms and sat with a sour look on her face.  The carriage came to a stop.  The footman jumped down and opened the carriage door.  James brushed a few of the loose curls from Pearl’s face and gestured for her to exit.  The footman helped her out of the carriage and she straightened her skirts.  James exited the carriage and offered his sister his arm.
Pearl smiled at her brother and very politely said “I hope trip.” in a sweet ladylike voice.
 “I’m sure.” He replied.
The pair walked without uttering another word to the doorstep of Lady Denton.  James knocked on the door with the end of his polished cane and gave the butler his card.  They were admitted inside and the pair waited in the foyer for a few moments before they were shown in the Lady’s bright pink drawing room.  Christine was sitting on an oversized rose seta with her needlework in her lap.  She got up to greet her guests.
 “I’m very sorry I wasn’t expecting anyone today.”  Her voice was light and sweet, carrying every on every note that she was a gently bread lady. Christine wore a black high neck dress and her hair was in a braided bun with loose tendrils framing her face.  She was a tall and slender woman with dark brown hair and light hazel eyes.  She gave them a sweet dimpled smile emanating warmth that put them both at ease. Pearl noticed the similarity Lady Denton had with her cousin Amelia.  Both women had large friendly smiles and kind eyes.  Lady Denton’s smile was the same one that captured Robert’s heart.
James stared at the lady for a long time.  Pearl looked to her brother; he seemed to lose the ability to speak.  She stared at him expectantly, and then she looked to the young widow in front of them.  Pearl had to elbow James in the ribs twice before he finally looked down at his sister.  It had been a long time since Pearl had to conduct herself in polite society, but she knew it was horribly rude for a man to stare at a woman like her brother was.  Pearl was frowning at him.  
 “I’m sorry to intrude.  I am Lord Prescott, and this is my sister Pearl Deacon.” He was finally able to speak, and Pearl breathed a quick sigh of relief.
 “I’m pleased to make your acquaintance.  I didn’t know that there was a Miss Deacon.  I wonder why we haven’t met before.”  Christine said.  
Pearl watched Lady Denton.  She seemed nervous in their company.  Pearl wondered to herself how well Lady Denton knew the earl or if the lady was familiar with his bad reputation.
 “Yes,” Pearl said.  “I’ve been out of the country for years, and I have just made my way back home.”  Pearl smiled sweetly, and Lady Denton smiled back leaving Pearl to believe that it was her brother that made the lady nervous.
 “She’s been out of the country.” James said nervously, repeating his sister’s words.  Both women were staring at him.  Pearl’s frown grew longer.  James gripped the top of his cane with both hands; Pearl watched as his fingers turned white.
 “Won’t you please have a seat?”  She said guesting to the matching pink setae across from her.  “I’ll ring for tea.”  She said ringing a bell for a maid.
Pearl and James sat across from Lady Denton.
 “What brings you both here today?”  Christine asked.  Her brow wrinkled as she accessed her guests.
 “Why are you still in mourning?”  James blurted out.  Christine`s eyes widened, and her mouth hung open.
 “What is wrong with you?”  Pearl hissed at her brother.  
 “I, I...” the Earl stuttered.
 “What my horribly rude brother is trying to say,” Pearl paused for a moment and realized that she lied about being out of the country.  “Well, damn.” She said, and Christine’s expression became more bewildered.  “I’m sorry, please let me start again.”  Pearl took a deep breath. “What I’m trying to say is that I’ve never been out of this bloody country a day in my life. No, I didn’t mean to say that either.  How do you people in polite society do this?”  She said in frustration.  “Lady Denton, before we both make complete fools of ourselves and you very politely ask us to leave; what we came here today to tell you is that I know your cousin Amelia.  She has been working for my other brother, Robert, under an assumed name.”  Before Pearl could say anymore, Christine stood up and dropped her needlework on the floor.  James and Pearl stood as well.
 “Mrs. Hunter come quickly!”  Christine yelled at the top of her lungs.  “Amelia has been found!”
The elderly woman was walking into the drawing room followed by a maid carrying a tea service.  “What is all the commotion about?”  The older woman asked.
 “She’s been found!” Christine shouted.  “The Deacons have found our dear Amelia.”  She said.  “Oh, this is Miss Pearl Deacon, and this is Lord Deacon the Earl of Prescott.”  Christine said gesturing to Pearl and James.
 “Where is she?” Mrs. Hunter asked.  “The last time I saw Amelia she was being carted off by the brute who owned that whore house.  I hope we can see her soon.”
 “I’m afraid it’s not quite so simple.  You see that was my brother Robert who took Amelia from your father’s home. May we sit?”  Both Christine and Mrs. Hunter sat down with a look of horror on their faces.  James and Pearl sat back down.
 “Amelia was working in a whore house?” Christine asked in disgust.
 “We prefer to call it a gentleman’s club.  My brother and I were business partners.” Pearl said.
 “Oh, dear God.” Mrs. Hunter said squeezing Christine’s hand.  “I knew I should have done more to find her, but that idiot father of yours refused to tell me the name of the club he sold Amelia to.”  
 “Amelia was our housekeeper.” Pearl was finally able to say.  “And Robert treated her very well.”   Both Christine and Mrs. Hunter relaxed a little.  The maid was serving them tea.  Pearl took a cup and waited for the women to question her further.
 “What happened to her?  We need to find her.”  Christine said.  “Is she still working for your brother?”
 “She and Robert had a falling out, and she left.” Pearl said slowly staring at the pink roses on her skirt.
 “A falling out?”  Mrs. Hunter asked.  “What happened, I thought you said your brother treated her well.
 “Yes.” Pearl said playing with the roses on her dress while she smashed her thumb on the fabric. She wrinkled her nose and looked up at James not knowing what to say to the ladies.
 “They had an affair.” James said.  Pearl widened her eyes.  “For God sakes, they are grown women.  I am sure they are both familiar with lovemaking.”  He said and looked immediately at Christine.  Her cheeks blushed.  James looked away. “I’m sorry.” He grumbled.
 “Robert is in love with Amelia but was under the impression that she was in love with someone else.  He overheard her talking about someone named George and when Amelia said she was trying to get home to him, Robert threw her out.”
 “What happened to her?”  Christine asked.
 “I paid a ship captain friend of mine to take her to George and deliver her to his doorstep.”  Pearl said staring at her skirt again.  The entire conversation was uncomfortable. 
 “What I don’t understand is if your brother loves my cousin so much, why did he throw her out of his home?”
 “Our brother is very rash and does things without thinking them through.”  James answered.
 “He was hurt, Lady Denton.  He thought Amelia was rejecting him for another man.  He’s never been rejected by a woman before.  If I had known this much trouble would have been caused, I would have told him right away who she was.”  Pearl said.  Christine and Mrs. Hunter stared at her.  “She told me who she was and begged me not to say anything to Robert.  Your cousin is a very proud woman.  I offered her help, and she refused.  I even suggested she come to you and she said she did not want to ask for money from anyone.”
 “Foolish girl.”  Mrs. Hunter said.  “She was so afraid to ask for help after what your mother did.  She thought for years everyone turned their back on her and once we found out that wasn’t the case, she must have been too afraid to speak to anyone.”
 “I wanted to make sure that you knew Amelia is in good hands and she should soon be with her brother.”  Christine said.
 “And what of your brother, Miss Deacon?”  Christine asked.  “What is he doing now that he has caused so many problems?”
 “Robert wants to find Amelia.  I am going to help, or keep him out of more trouble.  He wishes to marry her, but James and I are not sure she will accept.”
 “Well, once George finds out about this debacle, Amelia will have no choice.”  Christine said flatly.  “I could possibly write to him and help your brother’s cause.”  She offered.
 “I do not think that would be for the best.  Amelia was an exceedingly private person.  I think it would be best if she didn’t know you were aware of the situation.”  Pearl said.  
 “It is good to know that after all these years my cousin is safe and soon to be reunited with her brother.  I wish she would have come to me.  I would have done anything to help her.”  Christine said.  
 “The woman that I know is not the same society girl you remember, Lady Denton.  She was very determined to get what she wanted without any help.”  Pearl said.  Pearl looked over to James to see if he had any more to say.  He was still staring intently at the young widow and the lady was far too polite to point out his horrific behavior.  Pearl looked at the ladies and smiled.  “It seems that my brother and I have taken up enough of your time already.  We should be going.”  She looked again at James who was still looking at Lady Denton. “James?” 
 “Oh,” he said and paused lost in thought.  “Yes, we should be going.”  He said sounding almost sad to be leaving.
Christine stood to cross the room to her small secretary desk.  James rose quickly, watching every move she made.  She came back to Pearl and James with a small card in her hand.  “Miss Deacon, I do hope you will write to me when you are settled.  Please keep me abreast of any news with Amelia.  I fear that she will not be so quick to write to me.”
 “Yes of course, Lady Denton.  I will be more than happy to keep you updated on your cousin’s welfare.”  Pearl said, managing a brief curtsy.
 “Lord Prescott, thank you for visiting today.”  Christine’s voice cracked slightly as she addressed the earl.
 “Thank you for allowing us to visit.  I hope I may call upon you again?” He said.  James reached for Christine’s hand and kissed it gently.
 “Oh!”  Christine responded.  Her voice trembled.  “Yes, you may.”  
James bowed politely to Mrs. Hunter; he and Pearl left the drawing room for their carriage.  Inside the carriage, Pearl sat with her arms crossed scowling.
 “What the hell did you think you were doing?”  She asked crossly.  
“You had no idea how to behave yourself.”  He replied.	“I might have been rusty with my etiquette, but you were a damn fool!”
 “I beg your pardon?”  He shouted. His voice was loud and harsh.
 “You stared at Lady Denton the entire time.  You were making the poor woman squirm.  Why must you go out of your way to make people feel uncomfortable?”  She paused for a moment and smiled a crooked smile. “I see now.”  She laughed.
“What, sister, is it that you think you see.”  He grumbled.
“Do you really want me to say it out loud or are you completely dense?” She asked.  James stared back at her with a tight-jawed expression.  “You fancy her.” Pearl laughed at him again.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” His face turned red.
“Yes, you do.  You fancy Lady Denton.  That’s why you want to go see her again.”
“I was only being polite.”  He said.  “I have no intention of seeing Lady Denton again.  I’m far too old for such nonsense.”
“You are not.” Pearl said.  “You are only five years older than Robert. And if you took time on your appearance like you used to, I’m sure women would find you handsome.”
“I don’t want women to find me handsome and I certainly don’t want to see Lady Denton again!”  He shouted back at her.  The carriage had stopped in front of his townhome and the door was opened.  Pearl refused to leave.  James sat and waited.  He gestured for the door and Pearl crossed her arms and smiled deviously.
“You wish to be alone to rot.” She said.
“Yes.”  He said sounding more like a sullen child.  “That is what I deserve for every horrible thing I have done in my youth.”  Pearl rolled her eyes.  Her two brothers were incredibly different yet alike in so many ways.
“James, have you thought about making amends to those you have hurt?”
 “There are too many people that I have hurt and too many that I can no longer apologize to.”
 “How long did you know I was working with Robert?” She asked him.
“I knew the day Robert found you and Eddie.  He came to tell me himself.” James narrowed his eyes and scowled at her.  “What does this have to do with anything?”  He asked.
 “And how many times have you come to mother or I to ask for forgiveness?”
“None, but what does that matter.  Would you have forgiven me?”  He asked.
“I don’t know.  You never asked me.” She answered.  James huffed and crossed his arms.  “See that is my point.  You never came to either of us.  Even if we never do accept, at the very least an attempt was made.  So, sit there and huff like a stubborn child, yell at me, tell everyone to go away and leave you alone.  Be miserable, I don’t care.  But nothing will change unless you try to change yourself.”  Pearl stood up and walked out leaving James by himself.
Pearl entered the townhome and found Robert in the dusty parlor sitting at a desk making notes.  Curtains were still drawn, allowing no natural light in, but Pearl could easily see the yellowed peeling wallpaper and the cobwebs in every corner.
“Where did you go off to?”  He asked her.
Pearl did not want to say that she had gone to visit Amelia’s cousin.  “For a ride with your brother.”  She said.
“Our brother.”  Robert corrected her.
“No, your brother.  I was disinherited.  Remember?”  
“Yes, but you forget about the title and fortune that I walked away from.” He replied.
“That is not the same thing, dear.”  She said and Robert shook his head smiling.  Pearl smiled in return.  It was good to see his sense of humor returning.  “What have you been up to this afternoon?”  She asked.
“Wrapping up my loose ends.”  He said, never taking his eyes off his paper.
“Good, I did want to ask something of you.  What is to be done about my mother’s shop?”  She asked.
“What do you mean, it’s her shop.  Why would I have anything to do with it?”
“But you’ve been paying her rent, she told me so.  I know she won’t be able to make ends meet on what she brings into that shop.  I can’t have her out on the streets again. She’s fragile, and her mind is not what it used to be.”  Pearl began breathing rapidly at the thought of her mother alone in London with no way to support herself.
“Pearl, I’ve never paid Eddie’s rent,” Robert said confused.
“I’ve been paying her rent.”  Robert and Pearl looked to see James standing in the 
entryway.  “And she spends more money than she makes.  She is bleeding me dry.”
“I hardly think you are anywhere near dry, brother.”  Robert replied laughing.
“See, this is what I’m talking about James.  You do something to help someone, but you don’t tell anyone about it and expect everyone to treat you better for it.”  Pearl said.
Robert jumped out of his seat and grabbed his borrowed jacket that was hanging on the back of the chair, rapidly putting it on as he walked toward the door.  “I have somewhere I have to be.”  He said still laughing.
“And your mother is making almost no money.  I’ve been paying for every baking supply, teacup and brew. Still she makes almost nothing.  Is she giving tea and cakes away?”  James asked.
“That sounds like my mother,” Pearl said smiling.  
“Elizabeth, I fail to see the humor in this situation.  I cannot continue to fund your mother’s failing enterprise if she doesn’t make some effort to run a serious business.”  James continued.
“Have you tried to tell her that?” Pearl asked knowing his answer.
“The last time I tried to see Eddie she threw a teacup at me.  It barely missed my head and shattered against the wall.”
“A cup you probably paid to replace.”  Pearl snickered envisioning the large earl ducking from a teacup.
“I am not laughing.”  He snarled.
“James, do you want people to forgive you?” She asked.  He nodded his head.  “Alright, let’s make a list of those you have wronged and try to reach out to them.  Is my mother the only one you are supporting?”  She asked.
 “No.” he said.  He stepped out of the room and came back in a few moments later with a small battered hat box in his hands and he handed her the box.
Pearl opened the box to see it was full of scraps of paper all folded neatly.  She took the box to the small desk Robert had been writing at.  She began unfolding the scraps of paper; on each one, a name and number were written next to it.  “What is all this?”  She asked him.
“Each one is the name of someone whose life I helped to ruin, someone I’ve thrown out of a home, seized their property.  The number is how much I’ve given them to start their lives over.”
“You have assigned each person’s life a monetary value?”  She questioned wrinkling her brow.
“Damn it Elizabeth, I didn’t know how to solve the problems I created.”  He yelled.
“You threw money at your problems and hoped they went away.  How did that work for you?  Do you feel any better?”  She asked.  She kept her voice even and gentle.  James was aware of every vile deed he committed, pointing it out to him or throwing it in his face would solve nothing.
“I thought it would help.”  He said sitting down on the green armchair next to the desk. He rested his head in his hands, his shoulders slumped.  He appeared defeated. “Some of these are investments, and I’ve made money back.”
“What do you do with that?”  She asked.
“Give it away, I can’t keep it.”  He said.
“You used to be more organized.”  Pearl said going through the mess of names. She looked at her brother and smiled. “I know the perfect person who can help.  Robert hired the best warehouse manager a few years ago.  He loves to go through paper and invoices.  He is very organized and efficient.  I’m sure he wouldn’t mind making extra income.”
“How do you think Robert found Tom?”  James asked.  Pearl stared at her brother realizing that she never said the name of the man working in Robert’s warehouse.  She looked at a scrap of paper in her left hand and saw the warehouse manager’s name written in James’ neat scrawling script.  “He used to work for me before I married Margaret.”  Pearl frowned.  She was out of ideas to help.
“Alright just a few more steps, Eddie.”  Robert said in the hallway.  Both Pearl and James turned toward the entrance.  All color drained from James’ face.  Robert was standing behind Pearl’s mother covering the woman’s eyes with his hands.
“What game are you playing with an old lady?”  Eddie asked as she laughed.
“Robert what are you thinking?” Pearl exclaimed jumping out of her chair to get between the earl and her mother.  
Robert moved his hands from Eddie’s face.  Eddie looked around the room; her laughter died as her eyes grew wide.  Pearl knew that her mother recognized where she was.  Then Eddie’s attention was drawn to the Earl, he was slumped in his seat holding onto his cane.  Eddie and James silently watched each other.  Eddie turned her gaze onto Robert.  
“Why in God’s name have you brought me back here?  Haven’t I been through enough with this man.”  She yelled pointing at James.
“Mother, please calm down.  I’m sure that Robert has a good reason.”  She said placing her hands on her mother’s shoulders.  Pearl studied Roberts face looking for clues to his behavior.
“You.” Eddie yelled as she shook her finger at James. “You are not fit for your father’s title.  You were an overindulged spiteful little brat.  I always told your father if he continued to coddle you, you would grow up to be a disgusting man.  And look what you’ve become, no one wants to do business with you and no woman with any sense will take you as their husband.”  Tears welled in Eddie’s eyes.
 “That’s enough mother.”  Pearl pulled Eddie into an embrace.  “You’ll make yourself sick if you continue on like this.”  She rubbed her mother’s back but looked over the woman’s head to see James sitting quietly soaking in every word Eddie spoke.  He sat unmoving, every word Eddie said sounded similar to what he had told Pearl.  He was vile, wretched, and deserved to rot alone.
“Tell her the truth, James.  Tell Eddie what you told Pearl and I earlier.”  Robert said.  James sat in his chair, he didn’t even look up at them.  “He’s been paying the rent on your shop, Eddie.  And its failing miserably.”  Robert said pointing at James.
“No, he hasn’t.  You’ve been taking care of me.”  Eddie said.  Her voice shook as she pleaded with Robert to be wrong.  
Robert shook his head and James and walked out of the room only to return with a stack of papers.  He handed the stack to Eddie.
“Those are your financial reports.  Without my support, your shop would be closed in less than a month.  You are bleeding money.”  James said.  Eddie looked at the paperwork in disbelief.
“You’re threatening to shut me down.”  Eddie accused James.
“No mother, this is serious.  I know you are giving food away and you don’t charge full price to anyone.”  Pearl spoke calmly to Eddie.  She could see that her mother was ready for a fight with the earl.  Under normal circumstances, Pearl would worry about Eddie’s safety.  With James in the throes of depression, Pearl was certain Eddie would win this battle.
“Just close the damn shop and come home.”  James shouted at her.  He paused then stared at the floor rubbing the back of his neck.  “I’ll take care of you like I was supposed to.”  He said quietly.
“I don’t trust you to take care of a rabid dog.”  Eddie shouted back.  “You would let the damn thing run around in a crowded building and laugh as it attacked everyone.  You are a horrible man James Deacon.”
“Mother please listen.  Robert and I are leaving the country.  I don’t know when or if I am coming back.  I need to know that you are going to be alright.”  Pearl said.
“I can take care of myself.”  Eddie said with a sniff and held her head up high.
“Eddie, listen to your daughter and James.  He will take care of you this time.”  Robert said.  “He won’t go back on his word.”
 Eddie relaxed her shoulders.  Pearl exhaled, it felt like she had been holding her breath since Eddie walked in.  Her mother stared at the earl.  James was no longer the proud and cocky man he used to be.  James looked unkempt with his wrinkled clothing and unshaven face.  
“He’s going to wait for you to leave and throw me out again.” Eddie whimpered.
 “Mother, I will make sure he keeps his word.  I have friends here that will keep an eye on you.”
The trio waited silently for Eddie to make her decision.  A woman’s voice was heard in the hallway arguing with James’ butler.
“Don’t tell me that there is not a Miss Deacon living here.  Miss Pearl Deacon.  I just met her and her brother the Earl of Prescott this morning.  I did not imagine their visit.”
Pearl stepped past her mother and into the hallway.  “Lady Denton,” She exclaimed.  “We did not expect to see you again so soon.  Please step into the parlor.”  Pearl invited Christine in. 
Christine held her head up, walked passed the butler she had been arguing with, and stepped into the parlor with everyone.  Immediately upon seeing Christine, the color from James’ face turned a sickly shade of green.  Eddie watched the earl’s squirm in his seat and smirked.
“Lady Denton, I’d like you to meet my mother Edith,” Pearl said as Eddie politely curtsied.  “This,” Pearl said gesturing to Robert.  “is my other brother Robert Deacon.”
Christine’s polite smile turned to a quick scowl.  “You!” She shouted at Robert.  “You cad.”  She smacked Robert with her reticule.  With a look of shock, he tried to duck her blows.  “How dare you seduce an innocent lady and discard her like yesterday’s refuse.”  She yelled while repeatedly hitting Robert.  She bawled up her fists and began striking him.
“Robert, meet Lady Denton.  Amelia’s cousin.”  Pearl said with a half-smile.
“Do something!”  Robert implored Pearl.
“Oo, I like her.”  Eddie smiled.  “She’s not like those other stuffy society ladies.”
Pearl refused to come to their brother’s aide James was forced to act.  He came up behind Christine and wrapped his arms around the lovely lady.  The young woman tried to struggle against his grip and James was forced to lift her up off the floor.  Christine swung her legs wildly; the heel of her boot connecting with his bad leg several times.  James grunted several times.
“You let go of me, you oversized brute.”  She screamed at James, kicking and struggling out of his grasp.  “I will make you pay for what you’ve done to Amelia.” She yelled at the top of her lungs.  Pearl had her arm around her mother and tried to pull her away from the commotion.  
“Will it be like this everyday if I move back?”  Eddie asked with a smile.
“Knowing James, that is a good possibility.”  Pearl replied.
“Are you going to do something to stop this?”  Eddie asked.
“No, they both deserve it.”  Pearl said.
“Lady Denton, please calm yourself.”  James grumbled loudly.  He hung onto Christine tightly.  Pearl snickered.
“Watch where you put your hands!”  Christine yelled back.
During their struggle, James had accidentally placed his hand on Lady Denton’s breast.  He immediately moved it and placed her back on the floor.  Christine’s ladylike coif was ruined and her hair was every which way loose.  She huffed, blowing the loose strands out of her face.  James had her arms pinned to her side keeping her from brushing hair out of her eyes.  He turned the lady around.  He let go of one of her arms and gently brushed the hair from her cold grey eyes tucking loose strands behind her ear.  He placed a finger on her chin and lightly tilted it up.  James gazed into Christine’s eyes for several minutes before he spoke.  The woman’s lower lip trembled.
“If I let you go, will promise not to hit my brother?”  James spoke to her in a soft and calm voice, one that Pearl had never heard from her older brother.
“Your brother,” she began pointing with her free hand at Robert.
“My brother is not the monster here.  He made a terrible mistake, one which he plans to rectify.  Yell and scream at him all you like, but please keep your hands to yourself.”  James implored.
Christine took a deep breath and nodded.  James slowly released her arm; Christine brushed the rest of her hair out of her face.  
“Please forgive my outburst, Lord Prescott.  I did not mean to cause such a fuss.”  Christine turned to look at Robert who was sitting on the setae cowering behind an embroidered throw pillow.  “Mr. Deacon, I am sorry for striking you in such an un-ladylike fashion.  But you hurt my cousin, aside from my son, she is one of the dearest people to me on earth.”
“I see that.”  Robert said wearily.  He held a throw pillow in front of him to shield himself from further attacks.
“I should write to Georgie and tell him how you have conducted yourself with his sister.”  Christine said.
“Lady Deacon, that is what I plan to do in person.  Believe me when I say that I can no longer live without Amelia.”  Robert said.
“What did he do?”  Eddie asked in a loud whisper.
“Hush, mother.  I’ll explain everything later.”  Pearl whispered back.
“But who is Amelia?”  Eddie questioned.
“She was Robert’s housekeeper,” Pearl stated.
“He hurt that lovely girl?  He deserved a beating.”  Eddie sniffed.
“Never the less,” Christine said.  “I feel that I should inform Georgie of what has happened to his sister.”
“Lady Deacon,” Robert said rising from the setae, “please give me time to reach Lord Southerton first.  I do intend to ask him for his sister’s hand, but I do not want to cause Amelia any more embarrassment than I already have.”
“Alright, when do you plan on leaving?”  Christine asked.
 “My sister and I leave in a week.”  Robert replied.
“Really, brother.  I thought we spoke of this earlier.”  James argued.  Pearl sighed.
 “We leave in one week.”  Robert repeated much louder staring directly at James to make it clear that he could be swayed on the subject.
Christine nodded her head.  “I will send a letter a few weeks after you leave.  You should reach Georgie before my letter.  Hopefully, you will have time to convince Amelia that you do love her.”
Robert nodded his head and inwardly groaned. “Lady Denton, if you feel it is necessary to involve Lord Southerton then you must do what you feel is right.” 
Pearl looked to James who was standing close to Lady Denton.  He almost appeared to be holding his breath. Pearl noticed her mother was also watching the earl.  Eddie had a wicked smile on her face.  Pearl sighed as she realized that her mother also recognized James’ attraction to Lady Denton.
 “Alright, dearie,” Eddie said to Pearl.  “I’ll come back home.”  Everyone turned their attention on Eddie and Pearl.  “If the lovely Lady Denton promises to visit me every day for tea.”  Eddie had a large smile on her face.
Christine clearly confused by Eddie’s remarks spoke slowly as she was on the spot.  “Of course, I will visit when my schedule permits, Lady…”
“Oh, no not Lady.”  Eddie smiled again.  “It’s Miss White.  And you may call me Eddie, everyone does.”  She said as she rocked on her heels.
“But I thought you were Miss Deacon’s mother?”  Christine said.
“She is my mother,” Pearl began, and James interrupted her.
“Eddie was Robert’s and my governess.”  He said in his gruff tone.  “You see Lady Denton, when I said that my brother was not the monster here what I meant was the monster in this room is me.”
Christine looked between Eddie and James.  “I don’t understand.”  She said as plainly as possible.
“I’m not legitimate.”  Pearl offered up.  “That is why the butler gave you such a hard time at the door.  There is no Pearl Deacon.”  She explained.
“I don’t understand how that would make you a monster.”  Christine said addressing James.
“It just does.”  James shouted back at the lady as he pushed past her to escape the room.
Christine lost her footing and started to fall backward.  Robert got up quickly from his seat to help catch the lady.  He gently placed her on the worn setae.
“Are you angry with me?”  Eddie shouted back at James who was already in the hall.  “Is he angry with me?”  She asked smiling wide.
“Mother, James is angry with everyone right now.  I need you to promise me you won’t purposely torment him.”  Pearl said.
“I won’t torment him daily,” Eddie said following James out into the hall.  “I might give him a break on Sundays.”  
Pearl sighed and said “Robert, could you?” She gestured toward the doorway.  I’d like to speak with Lady Denton privately.” 
 “Of course.”  Robert said chasing after Eddie.  “Eddie, let us go pick up your things.  I’ll buy you a new hat.”
“That should keep her busy for a bit.”  Pearl said crossing the room and took a seat across from Christine on the matching setae.  “Lady Denton, I must apologize for my unusual family.”
“And you would like me to use discretion in regards to your lineage.”  Christine offered.
Pearl understood Christine’s meaning and said, “Robert and I don’t give a damn what people say or think of our family.”
“But Lord Prescott would,” Christine said.
“Years ago, the answer to that question would have been yes, but I am not so sure that is the case anymore.”  Pearl paused for a moment.  Christine still wore a look of confusion on her face.  “When our father was ill, he made James promise to care for Eddie and myself.  Right after we buried father, James threw the two of us out.  Now James has agreed to care for Eddie like he promised our father a long time ago.  I know my mother, she will spend her every waking moment torturing James for going back on his word.”  Again, Pearl twisted the flowers on her dress.  “As much as I dislike James for what he did to us, I see that he has been doing a fine job of punishing himself for every one of his misdeeds.  I am going with Robert and I do worry about my mother.  She has not been the same since father died.”
“Are you asking me to keep your mother in line?”  Christine asked.
“Eddie has taken a liking to you, and I do think she would listen to your suggestions.”
 “Alright, I believe I could spend a few days a week with Eddie.”  Christine agreed.
“But also,” Pearl paused and fiddled with the roses on her gown again.  Christine wrinkled her brow.  “Could you keep an eye on James as well?”  Pearl asked timidly.
Christine looked horrified.  “Miss Deacon, I may not be happy about what has transpired between my cousin and Mr. Deacon, but Lord Prescott does not have a sterling reputation. He uses his size and title to threaten people into submission.  That man is beastly.  Not to mention the rumors of his wife’s death.”  She said.
 “I know, but the former Lady Prescott is alive and well.  She left him when she found out how cruel he truly was.” Pearl sighed and glanced at the hat box left on the desk.  She thought of sharing the box’s contents with the lady, but Pearl felt that was too much to ask of someone she had just met. “I don’t expect you to do anything but keep an eye on him.  In all honesty, I don’t expect him to leave his office when you visit.  I don’t think he wants people to see the man he has become.”
Christine took a deep breath. “I don’t know why I’m agreeing to this.  Miss Deacon, I will visit your mother and brother.”  She said reluctantly.
“Thank you.”  Pearl said with relief.
“And I will be sure to keep this afternoon’s events quiet,” Christine said.
Pearl laughed and crossed her arms.  “I’m sure that Eddie is running around telling everyone right now.  Don’t worry yourself with our embarrassing family secret.”
“Speaking of family secrets.”  Christine said cautiously. “Since you ran the club with Mr. Deacon, did you ever come across my father?”  Christine asked.  The lady spoke hesitantly.
“I had a few run-ins with your father.  Unfortunately, so did Amelia.”  Pearl answered.
“Did he hurt her?”  Christine asked, her voice shaken with worry.
“No, he tried.  Robert spotted him touching Amelia and removed him from the club.”  Pearl said.  Christine looked relieved.  “I’ve heard about your mother from Amelia and I’ve seen what your father is capable of.  How did they end up with a daughter like you?”  
“My mother couldn’t be bothered with me.  I was raised by governesses and our housekeeper.”  Christine replied.  “If you don’t mind me asking, what exactly did happen to you after Lord Prescott forced you and your mother away?”
Pearl smiled and said “I’ll let Eddie tell that story.  I’m sure she will give you every gritty little detail.  But it is a part of my life I do not wish to discuss.”
“Understood,” Christine said.  “I will take my leave now.  I do have things that need my attention at home.”  Christine rose, and Pearl followed her out.  
“Thank you for visiting me, Lady Denton.  And thank you for understanding our situation.”  Pearl said, and Christine was shown out.  Pearl was still facing the door, “How long have you been sulking there?”  She asked James.  
“Long enough.”  He said stepping out of his shadowy alcove.  “Why did you ask her to come back here?” He grumbled.
“To help keep Eddie out of your hair.  I thought if Lady Denton was here having tea with Eddie, my mother would give you peace for a moment.”
“I don’t want her here.  I can handle Eddie on my own.”  He growled.
“No, you can’t.” Pearl shouted at James.  He did not understand the depths of her mother’s hatred for him.  “Mother will never forgive you and she will spend every last breathing second doing her best to make you even more miserable than you already are.”  Pearl paused for a moment to study her brother’s scowling visage.  “Besides” she continued.  “I think that Lady Denton can help you with your mission of redemption.”
“She called me beastly.”  He huffed.
“You look the part.”  Pearl said sarcastically.
“Why would that woman agree to help me.  I’m sure she’s heard many tales about me.” He roared.
“You’re being stubborn, James.”  She shouted back.  Pearl took a deep breath to calm herself.  Yelling at James never did her any good.  “Lady Denton has a good heart.  She will be a help to you whether you ask her or not.”
James turned to walk back to his office.  “I don’t need help and I don’t need that silly woman in my home.”  He shouted to Pearl.  She watched him limp away.
“We’re back.”  Eddie sang loudly as she walked in with Robert.  Eddie slammed the door behind her making as much noise as she possibly could.  She smiled like a mischievous little girl when the glass in the door rattled.
“Yes, you do, James.”  Pearl said softly shaking her head.
“What was that dear?”  Eddie asked her daughter.
“Back so soon?”  Pearl replied and hugged her mother.
“Eddie wanted to hurry up, so she could get settled in.”  Robert offered.
“You mean she wanted to hurry up and torment James.”  Pearl said and Eddie smiled a toothy grin and shrugged.  “Mother this is not a game.  You need to behave yourself.  I can’t worry about you.”
“Fine,” Eddie said huffing and crossing her arms.  “You are making this no fun for me.”  
“Good.”  Pearl rubbed her mother’s shoulders. “Lady Denton has agreed to visit you.”  Pearl said.
“Every day?”  Eddie asked clasping her hands with excitement.
“No, when her schedule permits.”  Pearl replied.
“That is her way of saying no.”  Eddie said crossly.
“Lady Denton doesn’t seem like the type of woman to play games like other society ladies.  If she gave her word, she would come.”  Pearl said taking Eddie by the arm.  “Come, share my room until we depart.  It will be just like old times.”  She said giving her mother a kiss on the cheek leading her upstairs.  The butler followed with a few of Eddie’s things from the small apartment over her shop.
Robert walked to his brother’s office.  James sat behind his desk, papers and ledgers were piled up and overflowing onto the floor.  Robert looked around and saw the rest of the room was in complete disarray.  Books with loose papers jammed inside were in leaning stacks all over the place.  This was not like his brother.  James took pride in his work; this was a complete mess.  
“One match would solve this problem for you.”  Robert said.  
“Coming from the man who just lost his home in a fire, that is not very funny.”  James frowned.
Robert smirked and said, “I must have bad taste I guess.”  Still glancing around the mess, he continued “Where is your housekeeper?  She should be fired for allowing this.”
“I don’t have one,” James grumbled.  Robert raised an eyebrow.  Now that he was thinking of it, he didn’t see too many servants bustling about.  Just the butler, an aged valet, and only one maid.  “I don’t keep staff on hand anymore.  Most won’t work for me.”  James said answering Robert’s unasked question.  
“James, how did you let things get like this?” Robert asked.
“It doesn’t matter.”  James stood up as he shouted pushing all the papers from his desk.  
Robert held up his hands between himself and his brother in an attempt to hold James’ temper at bay.  “I’m sorry brother.  I didn’t mean to make you angry.”  James was about to yell again but Robert interrupted. “I’ll leave you to your paperwork.”  And he backed out of the room slowly.
Robert spent the rest of the week preparing for their journey.  Pearl spent time with her mother and did her best to organize the hatbox full of paper scraps.  Lady Denton kept her word and visited with Eddie.  As expected, James hid in his office. He usually managed one trip out of his office while Lady Denton was visiting, and he would grumble “hello” to her. After explaining the contents, Pearl decided that she could trust Christine and she enlisted Lady Denton’s help with James’ hatbox.  
 “Are you sure he won’t mind if I go through all this?”  Christine asked.
“My brother needs all the help he can get right now.”  Pearl said.  
“I might have to bring this home one night to get this in order.” Christine said.
“I’m sure that won’t be a problem.”  Pearl answered.
Eddie leaned over to her daughter once the Lady Denton had left.  “I hope your brother won’t find out about this.  James will be livid with her.”  
“I know what I’m doing.”  Pearl said with a smile.
“I hope you are right.”  Eddie said.
The day of the journey arrived.  Eddie was set to travel with them to the docks.  James joined the group unexpectedly and wished his brother and sister a stiff farewell.  
Once the pair had bordered their ship, James took Eddie by the elbow.  “Come along Eddie.  I’ll take you home.”  He said, and they drove off to his townhome.


Chapter 12

It had been a few months since Amelia had arrived at her brother’s stately three-story brick town home early in the morning.  The home was larger than the neighboring homes, with an oversized double door in a dark mahogany and white trim and shutters.  Amelia banged on the door until someone answered.  She and Sally pushed past the servants to gain entrance and Amelia screamed her brother’s name.  George recognized her at once.  He hugged his little sister and kissed her on the forehead.  He gave Amelia a quick tour of his home and boasted of the gas lighting and new upstairs plumbing.  George took her hand and led her up the grand staircase to her new room.  
“I hope you like it.  I had it made up for you after I received Christine’s letter.  I was hoping I would find you sooner.” The room was decorated in a pale blue and golden colors with new furniture, a small set of drawers for more personal items, a large wardrobe along the wall, a cedar chest at the foot of a large bed, a cream-colored settee, and a small desk facing the window. “My room is adjoining yours.  I remember how you used to hide in my room when you were a little girl.”  He smiled.
Amelia smiled at him.  “I don’t hide from thunderstorms anymore, Georgie.  But thank you for remembering.”
“Your private bathroom is right through there.” George pointed to a door at the other end of the room.	
George explained to her that had received a letter from Mrs. Hunter and it wasn’t until he received Christine’s letter that he knew something had gone terribly wrong.  He had tried to find his sister, but no one seemed to know where she had gone.  Amelia told him she had used an alias and how she had tried to save for her trip.
George had asked her questions morning, noon and night about what she did and where she was, but each time Amelia would give a vague answer until George finally quit asking.  He told her it wasn’t that important as long as she was safe.  Now he could make sure she was taken care of properly.
Every morning in her bedchamber Sally would brush and fix Amelia’s hair.  The grand room was wallpapered in shades of gold with dark bronze colored drapes.  On her first day home, George had run out and purchased the most expensive wardrobe and vanity set for Amelia’s room.  She sat at her vanity while Sally would brush through Amelia’s curls.  Sally would say to her “You must be so happy to be a proper lady again.”  Amelia would weakly smile and nod as she twisted the brass knobs of her vanity drawer.  The truth Amelia she was bored. 
“Georgie?” Amelia cornered her brother one morning after breakfast.  “What is it that you do exactly.”
George stared at his sister with a puzzled look on his face.  “Investments, Amelia.  And our companies manufacture goods.”
“But what are you investing in?  And what type of goods do your companies manufacture?”
“We make different things, Amelia.”  He huffed.  “What we do is far too complicated to explain to a young woman.”  He patted her lightly on the arm as he tried to get around her.
Amelia wrinkled her brow.  Robert had explained everything to her and even given her a tour of his club on her first night.  She had seen all his household logs, knew exactly what his club made each night, and he even explained some of his shipping company to her.  Now when she questioned her brother he spoke to her as if she was beneath him.  “George, you know that I was employed as a housekeeper.  I also balanced my employer’s books every day.”  She replied to him.
“Yes.” George stopped and smiled at her.  “But now you can find more lady like tasks to occupy your time.  Like needlepoint or watercolor.  Didn’t father give you piano lessons?”
“Yes George.” She sighed.
“There’s a good girl.”  He patted her head like an obedient dog.  “Why don’t you go out and meet some of our neighbors?  You have those beautiful dresses I had made for you.  Go show them off.” He smiled.
Amelia did her best to smile in response.  She loathed needlepoint, she was uninterested in the piano and terrible at watercolor.  Her brother had a housekeeper that ran things like a tight ship, so Amelia had no duties she could occupy her time with.  Calling on other ladies of society just disgusted her.  She disliked the pretty society ladies that smiled to her face and gossiped about her behind her back.  Her only good companion was Sally, which her brother would constantly remind her that a friendship with one’s maid was highly inappropriate.
Amelia took to strolling around the neighborhood during the afternoon hours with Sally in tow.  The sky was clear, and it was brisk day causing the ladies to walk quickly. They passed by the young and pretty Potter sisters a group of girls that George had encouraged Amelia to be friendly with.  The girls were identical in beauty, the trio had matching doe eyes and silken chocolate brown curls, and the loosest tongues in the city. Amelia heard them giggle as she and Sally continued their walk.  Mary Beth, Anabel, and Martha Potter began to laugh wildly as Amelia and Sally walked by.
“I heard that she used to be married and her husband beat her daily.” Mary Beth, the eldest sister, whispered loudly.
“I heard she escaped from an insane asylum.” Martha, the youngest sister, interjected.
“Why don’t we just ask her?” Anabel, the middle child, questioned.  Martha and Mary Beth broke out into hysterics.
“She won’t tell us anything.” Mary Beth replied.
 “Besides, where’s the fun in asking when we can just speculate.  Everyone has their own opinion on where she came from.” Marth stated as the trio walked on.
Amelia took a deep breath and sighed.  Everyone wanted to meet her and the more evasive she was with her past the worse the rumors grew.
“Do ya’ want me to knock their teeth out?”  Sally asked.  Amelia wrinkled her brow as she stared back at Sally.  “I can do it ya’ know.  Won’t be any trouble.”  Amelia shook her head no.
“I’d just like to go back home now.” Amelia replied.
“And hide?”
“I’m in no mood to start a fight.  Their father works with George.  I don’t want to cause my brother any problems.”
Sally huffed and walked alongside Amelia back to their home.  Inside the foyer, a bouquet of red roses waited for Amelia.  Large bouquets of roses in every shade imaginable arrived for Amelia daily.  Her brother’s drawing room had become overcrowded with the blooms, George had insisted that they are moved up into Amelia’s chambers.  She detested the cloying scent and would grimace with each new arrival.  
“Two gentlemen are here to see you, Miss.” The butler informed her.  Amelia rolled her eyes.  “They are waiting for you in the drawing room.” He said politely.
 Acquaintances of her brother had been trying to court her since her arrival, but Amelia had no interest in any of them.  
Sally giggled as she and Amelia walked into the drawing room. “They are like excited little dogs looking for a leg to hump.”  Sally whispered to Amelia.  The young men jostling for the lady’s attention made the Sally laugh loudly while Amelia frowned at the scene.
“Don’t be vulgar, Sally.”  Amelia sighed, knowing her friend spoke only the truth.  “And don’t let Georgie hear you.  Their fathers work with George.”
“Please promise you won’t marry either of those two idiots.”  Sally pleaded.
“I don’t plan on marrying anyone, Sally.”  Amelia whispered in return.
She thought briefly about ringing for tea and entertaining the gentlemen, but the way the two men shoved at each other Amelia couldn’t tolerate their company for another moment.
“I’m sorry gentleman, but I’m not feeling well today.  Another time, perhaps.” She stepped out of the drawing room, and pulled the doors shut.
Amelia ran up the stairs to her room with Sally close on her heels.
“You’re hiding again” Sally shouted as she chased after her.
“I can’t do this today.”  Amelia breathed.  “I can’t smile at the pretty faces of the ladies who talk behind my back.  I can’t watch two grown men make fools of themselves for my attention.”
“You can’t hide in your room either.  Why not take a moment to sit down with one of the suitors that come by every day?  Just not those idiots’ downstairs.” Sally replied.
 “Because, Sally, I know what every single one of those suiters wants.  And when they get it, they will lose interest in me.  None of them have ever spoken to me, they don’t bother to ask about my interest or anything I like, or they would know how much I detest roses.  There is one man who has ever shown me any respect or paid attention to anything I’ve said and that’s Mr. Clark.”
Mr. Walter Clark was one of her brother’s investors paid a great deal of attention to Amelia and he was a friendly gentleman. He was short with a round belly and balding head.  He was also almost sixty but he treated her like a person and seemed genuinely interested in anything she had to say, unlike the younger men.  Mr. Clark would have conversations with Amelia on varied topics.  He didn’t pay her empty compliments as his younger counterparts did.  Amelia decided that if Mr. Clark asked for her hand in marriage she would accept.  She would much rather be with an older gentleman that valued her opinion than a younger man who wanted her for her beauty.
“I like Mr. Clark.”  Sally replied. “You know he grew up poor.  So, I asked him how he made all of his money and he told me everything.”
 “Sally, you mustn’t ask someone how they make money.  It’s not polite.”  Amelia reprimanded.  She groaned as she thought about what Georgie might say if he ever heard Sally speak to Mr. Clark.  
“But it was so interesting, and he said he would help me.  You’re so lucky to be a rich lady.”  Sally continued.
“I am a bored lady.  I need something to do other than meet with these people George insists I call upon.  I love Georgie dearly, but he is still treating me like a child.”  Amelia sighed, dismissed Sally and spent the rest of the day reading books from George’s library.
The next morning Amelia braced herself for more suiters and gossiping society ladies.  She met her brother George downstairs for breakfast in the oversized dining room.  Her brother sat at the end of a long table, lovely ornate chairs were placed at each seat.  Amelia took a seat next to him as a servant filled her plate with eggs and pastries. An unused buffet ran the length of the room showing off George’s silver serving pieces that had been in their family for many years.  George was tall and slender with light brown hair and the same green eyes as Amelia.
“Good morning, Amelia.  How did you sleep?”
 “Good.”  She answered in what had become her typical short answers to her brother. She sighed looking down at the amount of food that had been piled in front of her.
George was worried about his sister.  She was so pale and thin when she first arrived.  For the first few weeks she didn’t sleep and ate very little.  He would often find her in her room staring out her window at the gardens below.  When he would ask her, what had happened, Amelia was evasive, and George had no idea how to comfort her.  Amelia began eating and sleeping better, but on nights that he worked late he could hear his sister weeping in her room.  George had an idea that her maid, Sally, knew something but every time he questioned the girl, she would act confused or she would avoid him.  He did not care for his sister’s maid.  He thought the young girl was vulgar and rude, but since she had cared for Amelia during their travels, George didn’t want to fire the girl.  Sally was also distracting him from his work.  George paid too much attention to what the maid was doing that he felt he had to work much more outside his home.  While he was gone, he would worry about Amelia’s health and then he would worry about what the maid was up to.  He had to ask his own housekeeper to keep an eye on the young maid to help save his sanity.  
George wanted to give his sister a distraction, but he was so busy he couldn’t take her anywhere.  He decided to host a ball hoping that a party would help cheer his sister up.
 “I’m hosting a ball next week.  Philadelphia’s finest have all been invited.”  He informed her.
 “Wonderful.”  She said glaring at her plate.
 “I know I haven’t been that attentive, but I’m hoping that you’ll meet a few fine gentlemen that might catch your interest.  You need more people to converse with than Mr. Clark and that vulgar maid of yours.”
Amelia’s face appeared to turn green.  This wasn’t the reaction George wanted.  He wanted Amelia happy; he wanted her to marry someone who could care for her and give her everything that she desired.  His sister’s frown deepened.
 “Sally is not vulgar; she is exuberant.  And I have met plenty of gentlemen since my arrival, none of them have been ‘fine’.” Amelia wrinkled her nose and pushed food around her plate with her fork.
 “Maybe you will meet someone new.”  He offered.
 “Doubtful.” She muttered
 “What was that?”
 “Nothing, Georgie.”  She smiled.  To George her smile seemed fake, but all her smiles since she arrived appeared fake. “I’m excited.  I can’t wait to play hostess.”  
 “Good.  Now I hope you don’t mind I have a meeting with an investor this morning.  He came all the way from London with his sister.”  George took his napkin off his lap and wiped his mouth.  He got up and excused himself from the table leaving Amelia alone with the servants she wasn’t supposed to have friendly conversations with.
Amelia sighed.  Today was her receiving day and she did not want to meet with society snobs.  She left the table and took her place in the sitting room.  Soon ladies would call and admirers would send roses, love letters, and poems.  
 There was a knock at the door and shortly Sally came into the room with packages.
 “It starts early today.”  Amelia said with disgust.
 “I think these are from your brother, Miss.”  She brought a large box over to Amelia.  Inside was a lovely emerald satin gown with lace trim.  A note from George laid on top stating that he thought the gown would look lovely on her.  Amelia smiled faintly.  George was trying hard to cheer her up and this was the only way he knew how.
 “This came with it.”  Sally said handing Amelia a small sized box.
Amelia opened the box and saw a beautiful silver hair comb adorned with emeralds.  “Oh, how lovely.”  Amelia said.  She hadn’t seen anything this extravagant since her father had given her all her mother’s jewelry.  “Sally, please make sure everything gets put away upstairs.
Sally curtsied and left the room.  A few minutes later there was another knock on the door and a loud commotion in the hall.  Amelia peeked her head into hall to see her brother’s butler directing the staff on where to place a very large flower delivery.
“What is going on?” She asked the sour-faced butler.
“These arrived for you, miss.”  He said.  Orchids of all shapes, sizes, and colors had arrived.  Dozens of orchid bouquets had arrived, and the staff was frantically searching for places to put them all. 
Amelia peeked outside and saw people gathering around to stare at the large delivery.  “Who could have done such a thing?” Amelia said feeling her face flush with embarrassment remembering the last person who gave her orchids.  The thought of what would be written in the gossip sheets worried her and her stomach turned.
“Here is the card, miss.”  The butler handed her an envelope that had been attached to the first bouquet.
“To old friends.” She read out loud.  No name was signed.  She heard Sally whistling as the maid joined her in the hall.
“Who’s it from, miss?”  Sally inquired.
“There is no name.” Amelia said as she fumed. “I have no old friends here.”  She crumpled up the card in her hand and stomped back over to her seat in the drawing room.
 “Maybe no one will come to call.” She thought out loud.  Unfortunately, that was not the case. Mary Beth, Annabel, and Martha Potter arrived to call.  The three giggling sisters had obviously come to gather and spread more gossip.  Amelia tried her best to smile at her guests and rose to greet the sisters like a proper lady.
“Amelia, dear.  How lovely it is to see you again.”  Mary Beth smiled and clasped Amelia’s hand like they were good friends.
“You look radiant.”  Martha stated.
“Who sent you all those flowers?” Annabel asked.  Always abrupt and to the point, the middle sister lacked any tact and was quick to blurt out whatever was on her mind.  Amelia doubted that the girls had half a brain for the trio to share.
“I assure you ladies; I haven’t the faintest idea who sent them.  It must be a mistake.”  
Annabel reached for the crumpled card in Amelia’s hand and read it out loud to everyone.  “No, there doesn’t seem to be a mistake.  This is addressed to you.”  Amelia’s mouth tightened into a thin line while the other two sisters glared at Annabel.  
Amelia invited the sisters to sit down; she called for some tea and light refreshments for her guests.  When the sisters could get no further information on Amelia’s new admirer, they talked about the handsome mystery man from London that had recently moved to town.  Amelia remembered what her brother had told her over breakfast and decided to keep that information to herself.
“Have you seen him Amelia?”  Martha asked.  “He is simply divine.  I do hope we are fortunate enough to run into him again.  I hear he is single.” She sighed with a smile on her face.
“No, I have not met anyone yet.”
“You should ask your brother to call on him since you are practically neighbors.”  Mary Beth said.
“Yes, you should.”  Annabel chimed in.  “His sister is rather strange.  She speaks her mind and could care less about what others think.”  The girl wrinkled her nose.
“Yes, I could see how someone with no tact could be tiresome.”  Amelia said glaring at the middle sister.
The girls prattled on and on about the new neighbor, and when they exhausted that topic the girls gossiped about other neighbors.  Amelia continued to smile as the girls’ endless chatter causing her head to ache.  An hour and a half had gone by before the girls took their leave.  Amelia rose as they left and flopped back in her chair one they were out of the parlor.
“I think my ears might start bleeding.”  Amelia said as she massaged her temple.
“I thought those cows would never leave.”  Sally replied.
Amelia snorted “Don’t let George hear you talk like that.  He and Mr. Potter work closely together on several projects.”
“And he has stupid cows for daughters.”  Sally said with her arms across her chest.”
“You are right, but still keep that opinion to yourself.” Amelia rose again from her seat. 
“I thought if something was true it was not an opinion.”  Sally smiled.
“I think I’m going to enjoy some quiet time in my room, Sally.  If anyone comes, please wake me.” Amelia stifled a giggle as she walked away from her maid.
“Yes, miss.”
Amelia enjoyed the quiet of her room.  Thankfully no one else called and she was left to her solitude with dozens of orchids. She pondered over the flowers a little longer but decided that they must have been someone’s idea of a joke.  She would bring it up to George later.
Her day went by without seeing her brother.  As promised he remained busy until the end of the week.  Instead of calling upon her neighbors, Amelia used her brother’s dance as an excuse to stay in.  George’s housekeeper had most things under control, but Amelia still wanted to be involved.  She missed being involved in the hustle and bustle of a busy household, she missed her nightly poker games, she missed commiserating with Pearl, but most of all she missed Robert.  When she thought of him her heart would ache and the tears would start up again.  Amelia wondered if the pain would ever go away and then she would become angry with herself for how she still felt about him.  She spent another day pushing the pain he caused out of her mind and did her best to forget him






Chapter 13
On the night of the ball, Amelia wore the fine emerald dress and silver hair comb. She found a matching shawl and did her best to hide the crisscrossed scars on her back. Amelia was gracious and greeted her brother’s guests.  Once the Potter sisters arrived the girls monopolized much of Amelia’s time.  Annabel clung to Amelia’s elbow and prattled on endlessly.  
“Oh, there is that handsome Mr. Deacon.”  Annabel squealed in Amelia’s ear.
“Mr. Deacon?” Amelia said in alarm.  She looked through the crowd and spotted the tall handsome man with shoulder-length brown hair and an air of arrogance that had once angered her.    On his arm was a tall beauty with raven black ringlets.  Amelia recognized them both. Her brother was with them.  George was leading them right to her. Robert smiled his same charming smile that had worn for her every day she was in his company.  ‘How could he still smile.’ She thought.  ‘After everything, how can he smile as if nothing happened.’
“Amelia,” George began.  “I’d like you to meet one of my new investors, Robert Deacon and his lovely sister Pearl.”  Amelia’s stomach turned, and she felt faint as the blood drained from her face.  “Amelia dear, is there something wrong?”  George asked her.
“It’s too much excitement.”  She said loosening herself from Annabel’s clingy grip.  “I think I need some air.  Mr. Deacon, Ms. Deacon, ladies, please excuse me.”  She said as she tried to free herself from the group.
“Allow me to escort you, Lady Southerton.”  Robert said as he grabbed her elbow and maneuvered her through the crowd of people onto the veranda in the cool night air.  “I didn’t think it would be this easy to get you alone.”  He said with his cocky smile.
“What the hell are you doing here?” She pulled her arm loose and balled both fists at her side.
“Now that’s not proper language for a lady to use.”
“Answer my question!”  She said, she used hushed tones and held her voice even.
“I wanted to apologize, and you didn’t leave a forwarding address.”  He said with a sideways smirk on his face.  Amelia could hear the blood thundering in her ears.  Every ounce of her strength was being used to avoid the temptation of slapping the smile from his face.
“Fine, you apologized.  Now leave.”
“Lee, you are not making this easy.”
“It is Lady Southerton.”  She said as she turned to leave, but Robert grabbed her waist and forced her to face him. 
“Yes, you are exactly who you say you are.  I remember.” He wrapped his arms around her, moving one hand up her body and cupped her face with the palm of his hand. “Please, just listen to me.” He said softly. “You could have told me who you were and I would have believed you.  You could have asked anything of me and it would have been yours.  My lovely lady, I’ve crossed an ocean just to grovel at your feet.”
Her breath caught in her throat.  Amelia’s body betrayed her.  She wanted to feel his lips on hers again, but the embarrassment from their last encounter flooded her memory.  “You’ve made your apologies.”  And she tried to pull away.
“Can you forgive me, please?”  He asked as he moved to close the space between them.
“No.”  She pushed him away and made her escape.
Amelia stalked back into the party and spent the rest of the night avoiding Robert and Pearl.  She danced with her brother’s friends, gossiped with the ladies and did anything she could think of to avoid Robert.  Any time she spotted him coming in her direction, Amelia would run off to powder her nose and not return until she saw that Robert was occupied with someone else.  She breathed a sigh of relief as the guests began to depart and she did not have another encounter with Robert.
After several unsuccessful attempts to corner Amelia again, Robert decided to sneak up the stairs to the bedchambers.  He found Sally walking into a room with folded linens in her arms.
“There’s my little traitor.  You decided to sneak away in the middle of the night as well?”
Sally bit her lip and suppressed a squeal.  “Mr. Deacon, you startled me.”
“You didn’t answer my question, Sally.”
“Miss Pearl sent me here to take care of Lady Southerton.”
“I’m sure Pearl paid you well too.”  He smiled.  Sally’s lips were in a tight line.  “How would you like to make a little more?”  He asked Sally.  The maid’s eyes brightened at the offer.
Upstairs in her room Amelia called for Sally but the maid would not answer.  Her room was dark, and no fire had been lit which was most unusual since Sally had always been so attentive.  Amelia struggled with the laces on her gown and managed to loosen them up enough to slip out of the dress.  She undid her corset and slid off the rest of her undergarments.  Amelia began searching for her dressing gown when she heard someone strike a match.  A voice from her bed said.  “Looking for something?”  Robert sat on her bed and was lighting the gas lamp on her bedside table.  Beside him was her dressing gown.
“You bastard.”  She hissed between clenched teeth.  “How dare you come up here and watch me undress.”
“It was dark I could hardly see a thing.  Besides, I’ve seen it all before.”  He said casually.  Amelia flew at him with her arms outstretched and her hands curled like claws; Robert caught her as she got close.  He pushed her onto the bed.  “Amelia, my dear.  Please just listen to me.”
“Get off me.”  She said.  “You have nothing to say that I want to hear.  You only tell women pretty little lies, Mr. Deacon.”
Robert got off the bed and knelt at her feet.  “Please, Amelia I’m begging you to forgive me.”
“No.”  She said sternly, but Robert’s hands were resting on her bare thighs and he was caressing her skin gently.  “I hate you.”  She hissed, but her breathing was shallow as he continued to caress her.  Gently he pushed her legs open.
“I know you hate me.  Let me pleasure you.  I’ll make up for my bad behavior.”  He kissed the inside of her knee and with his other hand, he stroked her inner thigh continuing higher with his hand until he reached between her legs.  He continued to stroke her lightly playing and teasing her.  Robert pushed her thighs farther apart and continued to leave a trail of kisses up her thigh and between her legs.  Gently he licked her bud tickling her with his tongue.  Amelia gasped and leaned back on her bed.  Robert licked her, exploring her with his tongue. Amelia writhed on her bed as the sensation spread through her body.  She bit down on her lip to keep herself from moaning loudly and drawing her brother’s attention.
Amelia knew Robert was aware of what he was doing to her.  He slid his fingers deep inside her moving them in and out; bringing her to the brink with his fingers and tongue.  When she was close to ecstasy he would slow down and tease her.
“More,” She gasped.  “I want more.”
Robert prolonged her torment, tasting her tartness, driving her mad with desire and slowing down.  Her body clenched as waves of passion overtook her. Amelia’s brow was beaded with sweat; her eyes were closed, and her mouth was open as she panted.  Robert stood up and began undressing himself.  He pulled down his trousers revealing that he was more than ready to continue his game of ecstasy. 
“What are you doing?”  She asked.
“My lovely Lady Southerton, it is very hard to make love to you fully dressed.”
“You said you were going to pleasure me.  You have, now you can leave.”
“I’ve only just begun to pleasure you.”
Amelia tried to push him away, but he was lying on top of her before she had a chance.  Robert nuzzled her neck and earlobe.  The warmth of his body covered her as he kissed her deeply.  Amelia could taste her own tartness on his tongue.  
Robert entered her slowly, pushing himself deep inside her.  He gasped softly in her ear. Amelia’s body was sensitive from Robert’s tongue and touch that it didn’t take long for her to begin panting again.
“You hate me, don’t you?” He asked with a wicked grin.
“Yes.”
“You think I’m despicable.”
“Yes.” She said again.
“And you want me to make love to you all night.”
“Oh God, yes.”  Her words airy.  She kissed him sliding her tongue into his mouth.  
She was keeping the rhythm with him and wrapped her legs around him.  Amelia climaxed again, and Robert eased himself out of her.  He rolled Amelia onto her belly and pulled her hips in the air forcing her to kneel with her face down on the bed.  He slid his throbbing member deep inside her.  With a free hand, Robert reached between her legs and rubbed her swollen nub of flesh.  Amelia arched her back and purred like a kitten pushing her hips back into him.  Her body clenched as she was again getting close to another orgasm.  Loudly Amelia moaned, but quickly regretted it.  If they were found George would force them to marry.  Harder Robert thrusted into her, Amelia bit her lip to keep from making any more noise.  She buried her face into her blanket as she had another orgasm, and Robert buried himself inside her.  She could feel his release as well.
He tried to gather her into his arms, but Amelia scrambled away from him managing to get off the bed.
“I’ve had my fun and you’ve had yours.  You can leave.”  She said with a cool tone in her voice.
“Lee, please listen to me.”
“Don’t call me that.  I don’t go by that name anymore.”
“Please, I’m trying to apologize to you and you won’t listen to me.”
“You threw me out naked and treated me like one of your whores you were finished with.  Why should I forgive you?”  The pain was audible as she spoke.  Amelia looked him in his eyes.  What she saw was pain reflecting right back at her.  It was his torture she saw in his eyes.  She looked away, hiding her face from him, but she could not forgive him.
“I’ll make it up to you.”  He spoke hopefully.  
“No, you can’t.”  She said, and she turned away from him.  The anger that she was forcing herself to feel was making her cold inside.  Amelia didn’t want him to see her doubt herself.  “You better leave before Georgie finds you here.” Her tone starting to soften.
He placed his hands on her shoulders and caressed them lightly.  “Maybe I want to be found.”  He whispered in her ear.
“I don’t want to cause any scandal for my brother.” She said as she pulled her shoulder away from him.
“Alright.  Let me dress quickly and I’ll leave.”
“I should throw you out naked.”  She said.
“You don’t want to cause a scandal for your brother.”  He said, and Amelia smirked.  Amelia looked away quickly to hide her smile.  “I’m not giving up on you, Lady Southerton.” 
“Get out!” She hissed and pointed to her window.
Robert smiled, dressed quickly and snuck out the bedroom window leaving Amelia alone in the dark.  She dressed in her nightgown and crawled into her bed.  Her skin was on fire and her body was already missing his touch.  Amelia wasn’t sure she could go to sleep but she closed her eyes and relived their lovemaking.  Slowly she drifted off to sleep and for the first time in months she slept till morning.
Robert stayed in the shadows.  He didn’t live far from the Southerton’s, but he wanted to make sure no one saw him leave.  She allowed him to make love to her; she could have protested, and he would have stopped himself.  Robert knew with time he could convince her to forgive and love him.  He wanted her nightly in his arms and in his bed.  He could have arranged for George to find out.  Amelia would be forced into marriage, but Robert didn’t want to trick her.  He wanted her to marry him willingly.  He would have to plan things carefully.  Luckily his work with George would have him at the Southerton house frequently where hopefully he would be able to see Amelia often.
Pearl sat up for Robert and waited for him in the drawing room.  Letters were sitting on the desk in front of her, she held one open document in her hand.
“Keeping late hours, I see.”  He said to Pearl.  “What could be so important at this time of night?”  Robert stepped closer and kissed the top of Pearl’s head.
“I am corresponding with your brother.  He asked me to keep an eye on you.”
“You mean our brother, sister dear.”  Robert corrected.
“Disinherited.”  Pearl snorted. Her tone flat and lacking any emotion.
“Really, the two of you seemed thick as thieves before we departed.”  Robert replied.
“James Deacon is no brother of mine.”
“So why do what he asks if you find the earl so detestable?”  Robert asked.
“Because he asked politely.  In all the years that I have known him, that week was the first time he spoke to me like I wasn’t beneath him.”
“It’s proof that the Deacon men can change.” Robert smiled.
“We shall see about that.  Things went well?”  She asked observing Robert’s light mood.
“Yes, better than expected.” He said.
“She agreed to talk with you?”
Robert smiled his crooked smile.  “Talking is overrated.” 
Pearl drew her eyebrows together and folder her arms across her chest.  “That is what got you in this mess in the first place.”
“But she won’t listen to me.  I tried.  When I touch her and kiss her she melts in my arms.  It’s the only way I could think of to show her how I feel. And I love her, Pearl.”
“You need to find a different way.”  Pearl implored.
“I’ll speak to her brother.  George seems like a reasonable man.”  Robert said.
“James and Lord Southerton are cut from the same cloth.”  Pearl grimaced.  She had spent most of the evening at Lord Southerton’s side.  The man was arrogant and egotistical.  She could not see how he was related to Amelia and the kind-hearted Christine.
“I know.”  He said as he crossed his arms and tapped his chin with his index finger.  “I need to think of a grand gesture.”  He walked away from Pearl, lost in his own thoughts. 
“No, no grand gestures.  I was there outside her home when you sent all those flowers.  She was mortified.  You need to show her you can be trusted.”  
But Pearl’s words were falling on deaf ears as Robert left the room muttering to himself about buying her a puppy.  Pearl put her head in her hands.  She would need to find a way to reign him in and possibly speak to Amelia herself.  She thought about calling on Lady Southerton in the morning.  Pearl glanced again at the letter in her hand.  It was from her mother concerning the details of Lord Prescott’s townhome.  Apparently, Lady Denton, her companion Mrs. Hunter, and her young son Fredrick Denton had become permanent fixtures to the home.  While Eddie was ecstatic about the new additions, Pearl was concerned.  It was late and Pearl needed to get some sleep, write to Lady Denton, stay one step ahead of Robert and possibly keep him from causing more harm.

Chapter 14
In the morning, Robert was up early despite the late hour he kept.  He wanted to catch George Southerton at home before he left for his office.  Robert was heading down the stairs; like always Pearl was waiting for him.
“You’re up early.”  She said still dressed in her nightgown and robe.
“Pearl, my dear, you are always keeping track of me.  Please tell James that I am keeping out of trouble.”  He replied.
“I will do no such thing.  You are far from ‘keeping out of trouble’.”
“I have not caused any trouble, sister.”  Robert said slightly incensed.
“Your escapade last night is not what I would call staying out of trouble, Robert.  James asked to make sure you did not embarrass the family name and you know Lady Denton’s letter is on its way.”  Pearl said crossly.
 “That is why I’m going to Lord Southerton myself and explain everything.  Besides, we were here for weeks before I ever approached my lovely lady.”
“You intend on telling Southerton that you defiled his little sister?”  Pearl said with her arms folded across her chest and one eyebrow raised.
“I did not defile his sister.  Amelia and I made love, twice.”  He said.  “And I don’t plan on telling him every gritty detail, but I do want to let him know that I am in love with Amelia and I will marry her.  Lady Denton’s letter will seal the deal if Amelia says no.  Now if you don’t mind, I need to see Southerton before he leaves for the morning.”  He said descending the steps.
Robert dashed out of his townhome and down the street to the Southerton’s home and began knocking loudly on their front door.  A frowning butler answered the door.
“I know it’s early,” Robert began before the butler could protest.  “But it is imperative that I speak to Lord Southerton this morning.”
The butler stepped aside and let Robert wait in the hallway.  A few moments later the butler returned.
“Lord Southerton will see you in his office.”  The butler said grimacing and showed Robert down the hall to George Southerton’s office.
George’s office was a stark contrast to Robert’s brother’s office.  Ledgers were neatly lining the bookshelves and unfinished paperwork was carefully stacked to one side of the large red oak desk.  In the middle of the desk was a large green ink blotter with various pens and a pot of ink.  George was standing in front of his desk collection paperwork and placing it in his leather briefcase. 
“A little early for social calls, Deacon?”  George asked.  “And I never remember you being an early riser.”
“I’m not here for a social call, Southerton.”  Robert began.  His arms neatly clasped behind his back.  “I’m here about your sister.” 
“Has she said something to you?  She can be a little rude.  It’s that damn maid of hers, that girl is ill-mannered and I’m afraid her behavior has been rubbing off on Amelia.”
“No, it’s not that.”  Robert said wrinkling his brow.  “I must confess; I did not come here on business.  My business back home was thriving.”  He continued, rambling a little as he spoke.  
“Yes, I am aware of the business you ran back in London.”  George said impatiently.  “Well, if my sister hasn’t been rude to you what did you want to discuss?”
“I’m in love with Amelia.” Robert blurted out.  George wore a look of shock on his face.  He seemed startled by Robert’s admission that he dropped his briefcase sending his paperwork all over the floor.  Robert took a deep breath.  “I wish to marry her.”  He said much more slowly.
“But you just met her last night.”  George said with shock.
“I’ve known her for much longer.”  Robert said. “Amelia used to work for me.”  George’s eyes grew wide with horror.  “She was my housekeeper.” Robert said quickly.  “We had a falling out and I came here to win her back.”
“You’re not the first of Amelia’s suiters to approach me about a marriage contract. I can’t force her to marry you.”
“I know you can’t, but I would like to make a formal offer.”  Robert said.  George sighed and shook his head.  “Southerton, I know Amelia loved me once.  I am confident she will again.” 
“Don’t be so sure, Deacon.  Amelia has been very particular with who she spends her time with.”  George replied.  A letter with a woman’s neat scrawling handwriting was in George’s right hand.  He tapped the letter on his desk and sighed.  George appeared to be studying Robert, leaving Robert to wonder if George already knew the true nature of his and Amelia’s relationship.   “But if you are that confident, I will go to my lawyers’ office and have a marriage contract drawn up.”
“Thank you.”  Robert said breathing a sigh of relief.  “I’ll leave you to your work.” Robert said glancing at the paperwork all over the floor. Robert left the office feeling better now that there was a contract in place.
Amelia slept late that morning.  She was usually up before Sally, but today the maid had to wake her.
“You slept well for a change, miss.”  Sally said.
“No nightmares.”  Amelia replied groggily.  Amelia thought it was best to keep Robert’s visit a secret from the maid.  She knew Sally was friendly with a few members of George’s staff and she didn’t want her brother to get wind of any rumors.  “Is my brother still at home?”
“No, he left early.  His valet said something about having to go to see his lawyers.”
“Oh, are you friendly with my brother’s valet?” Amelia asked teasing Sally.
“Your brother’s valet is almost sixty.  And I think he likes me about as much as your brother does.  Did you tell your brother what I used to do?” 
“I wouldn’t do that to you Sally.  Your life before Mr. Deacon’s house is none of anyone’s affair.  Why do you ask?”
“It’s just that when I’m by myself and your brother is home, I always find him staring at me.  He never says anything.  I thought maybe he thought I was going to steal the silver or something.”  Sally said.
“Has he accused you of anything?”  Amelia asked.
“No, he just stares at me.  Well, he did say something once.”
“What did he say to you?”
“I knew he was behind me, so I turned around and stared back.  He told me I shouldn’t stare at my betters, it wasn’t polite.  I wanted to tell him I don’t think it’s so polite of him to stare at me all the time, but he left before I could say anything.”  Sally said.
“I’ll talk to him.” Amelia said.
“No please don’t, miss.”  Sally said anxiously.   “I don’t want him to get angry with me.”
“He won’t fire you Sally.  I told him you were my lady’s maid.  I’m going to tell him I won’t tolerate him mistreating my maid.  It’s not right for him to follow you around.”  Amelia said.
Sally stared at her shoes and wiggled her feet.  Amelia would do whatever she put her mind to, even if that meant standing up to her own brother.  Sally nodded her head.  “Let me help you get dressed, miss.  Would you like to take your breakfast up here?”	
“Up here is fine.  I hate dining alone in that empty dining room.”  Amelia replied.  
Sally helped Amelia dress and went to get the breakfast tray.  She had already anticipated Amelia wanting to stay in her room for breakfast.  
Amelia quickly ate and left her chambers.  Her only plans for that day were to find a good book in her brother’s library and a nice quiet place to read.  After last night’s excitement Amelia needed a pleasantly quiet day.   She had just found a lovely little garden nook to read in when the butler had found her.
“A Miss Pearl Deacon is here to see you.”  He said.  “I did tell her that it is not your receiving day, but she insisted that she needed to see you.”
Amelia looked up from her book.  She only wanted to be left alone, but she did wish to see Pearl again.  “Please have a pot of tea and shortbread brought into the sitting room.”  The butler nodded his head.  Amelia got up from her from her seat and rushed to sitting room.  Pearl sat on the blue settee, she was wearing a lavender dress and matching bonnet was sitting neatly in her lap.  Her black curls were artfully arranged on her head.  The former madam looked like a lovely finely bread society lady.  “Well Miss Deacon, your brother managed to dress you like a lady.” 
“He did, but it wasn’t Robert.” Pearl replied as she played with the ribbons on her bonnet.
“Wait, you don’t mean…” Amelia gasped in surprise remembering Pearl’s story of her older brother the earl.
“Yes.  The great Lord Prescott bequeathed me the left behind wardrobe of his former wife.  He wanted me to be presentable in Philadelphia society.  But that is a story for another time perhaps.”
“I see you did not come here to discuss petticoats and bonnets.”  Amelia said sitting down as the tea service was brought in.
“No, I did not.”  Pearl replied accepting her teacup from the serving maid.
“It’s a shame.  I would enjoy hearing how you and Lord Prescott made amends.”  
“We did not make amends, we just happened to have the same motives for once.”  Amelia waited patiently for Pearl to elaborate.  “He loves you, Amelia.”
“I don’t care.  What he did…”
“I know what Robert did, I was there.”  Pearl interrupted.  “Please just listen to him.”
“There is nothing he can say to me that would make me change my mind.”
“If you do not at the very least sit down and listen to him he will attempt these grand gestures to win you back.”  Amelia rolled her eyes as Pearl spoke.  Pearl took a sip of her tea and set her cup and saucer down on the table between them.  She folded her hands neatly in her lap and looked Amelia directly in the eye.  “I know about last night.”  She said casually.
Amelia looked nervously to the maid standing in the corner.  “He told you!  That scoundrel.”  Her face flushed as she spoke.
“He didn’t have to say a word.  Robert was in excellent spirits when he came home.  It was the happiest I have seen him since before he made a complete ass of himself.”
“Pearl, I don’t care how unhappy he has been.  I wanted to die that night.  He could die for all I care.”
“Look,” Pearl said sternly. Her eyes were icy as she spoke.  “I understand how you feel.  And there is nothing I can say that can excuse his foul behavior.  At the very least could you please listen to him, forgive him and move on?  Tell him you would consider being friends again.”
“Absolutely not.”  Amelia folded her arms across her chest and shook her head.  “I can’t forgive him, and I refuse to give a man hope when there is none to be had.”
“Amelia, I know you want to move on.  Do you want to heal?  Do you want to feel good inside?”  Amelia’s expression softened slightly.  Pearl spoke the truth.  She did want to move on but memories followed her.  “You must forgive him and everyone else that has wronged you.  When you wish bad things on those who have hurt you, you become bitter and sour inside too.  Trust me, I have held onto hate for so long I really don’t think I could feel love for anyone.”  Amelia studied Pearl a moment.  She tried to recall how many times she had seen Pearl smile or laugh.  Pearl appeared happy to most, but Amelia knew that Pearl’s smiles were not genuine.  
Amelia sat silently for a moment to try and process what her friend had just told her.  “But you love Robert.” Amelia said.
“No, I am loyal to Robert.  I owe him everything.  That does not mean I love him.  And you, we bonded over good sherry and past horrors, but I feel nothing else for you.”
“I see.”  Amelia said staring at her tea.
“I really don’t think that you do.”  Pearl said as she stood.  “Don’t turn into something ugly like me.  Forgive Robert and forgive your aunt and uncle.”  Amelia winced at the thought of her uncle. The memory of him with his hands on her body flooded her mind.  She tried her best to force the thought of him from her waking thoughts.
Amelia stood quickly to intercept Pearl before she left. “You are not ugly, Pearl. You are still hurting.  And loyalty does not make someone travel across an ocean.  You do love your brother and you are a good friend.  Please visit me often.” She said as she placed her hand on her friend’s arm.
Pearl stiffly nodded.  “Will you visit me as well?  I truly despise the company of these society women.” Pearl shuddered.
“I think it might be best if I didn’t.”  Amelia said as she averted her eyes.
“I will make a deal with you.  If you agree to speak with Robert and listen to his apologies, I will tell you what days he’s out of the house.”  Pearl smiled.
“I will think about it.”  Amelia said and smiled in return.
“It was good to see you again, Amelia.  Tell me, now that you have been reunited with your brother are you happy?”
Amelia’s lips drew into a straight line as the smile faded from her face.  “No.” She said shaking her head.
“Was there a time after your father’s death that you were happy?” Pearl asked.  “Never mind, forget I asked.  Thank you for tea, we really must do this again.  That is what all those society ladies are supposed to say?  I can never remember; I’m always praying for them to leave.  But I do hope we can get together again soon.”
“Good bye Pearl.”  Amelia said softly.  Once Pearl left Amelia headed back to her room, she knew what Pearl was trying to imply.  Amelia was happy while she worked for Robert, he treated her well and before her misadventure in his gaming parlor she counted Robert as one of her friends.  She had trusted him with almost everything.  She grew angry thinking about what Robert had done to her, but a small voice inside her said if she would have told him the truth like Nancy had told her too, he would not have made love to her nor would he have thrown her out in such a harsh manor.  Amelia stormed down the hall with displaced anger keeping her cold inside.  Anger kept her from feeling the hurt.
Amelia walked into her room and sat down at her small walnut desk pulling out her stationary.  She penned a short missive to Aunt Beatrice stating that she didn’t understand why her aunt did what she did, nor did she care.  Amelia told her aunt that she held no ill will toward her and wished her the best.  She addressed the letter and sealed it.  Amelia pulled out the letters that Christine had written to her and stared at them.  She knew she should have written back ages ago, but she didn’t want to share with her cousin everything that had happened.  Today would be the day she responded to all those letters.
‘Dearest Christine,
Please forgive me for not responding sooner.  I have been trying to recover from my travels and become accustomed to life here with Georgie.  Understand that I do not wish to discuss what happened in your parents’ household.  I want to move on from that part of my life and I am afraid that the only way to do that is not to dwell on what happened.  However, there is something I want to discuss with you as I feel that you are one of the few people I can trust.  Please do not judge me or repeat this to Georgie, I fear that he will be mortified by my actions.  After I left your parents’ home, I ended up working for Mr. Robert Deacon.  I was his housekeeper.  I fell in love with the man, and he was most definitely the wrong kind of man to love.  He seduced me, and when he robbed me of my virtue, he turned me out.  With the help of his sister I left the country to find George.  But Robert has followed me and is now working daily with Georgie.  Robert came to me last night and tried to beg my forgiveness.  I did not want to hear it from him, but oh Christine, when he touched me, I lost all reason and fell into bed with him again.  I am so angry with myself, but he makes me feel so alive when he touches me.  I can’t tell any of this to Georgie, he will force me to marry Mr. Deacon and I feel that I just can’t do that.  Oh, help me Christine.  I don’t know what to do and I’m not sure who I can turn to.

Yours always,
Amelia Southerton

Amelia sealed this letter and addressed it to her cousin’s estate.  She rested her elbows on her desk, placed her head in her hands and rubbed her temples.  She sat for a moment enjoying the silence; she heard Sally’s unmistakable light whistle in the hallway.
“Hello miss, I thought you were enjoying a book in the garden.” Sally said as she entered Amelia’s chambers.  Sally quickly surveyed the room to see if anything was out of place.  She then studied Amelia’s face.  The energy Amelia had that morning seemed to be drained from her.  Sally was concerned for Amelia’s health again.  
“I was.  Pearl came by for a visit.”  Amelia stared out the window as she spoke.
“Are you alright miss?  You look tired.”  Sally spoke with concern.
“I’m fine Sally.  Pearl told me I need to start forgiving the people who hurt me.  I know she meant Robert, but I decided to write to my aunt to forgive her.”
“How could you forgive her after everything she did to you?”  Sally wrinkled her nose.
“Pearl said if I don’t learn to forgive people for the wrongs, they have done to me I will end up ugly on the inside like her.”
“Do you think that you could forgive Mr. Deacon as well?”
“I’m not ready for that just yet.  Besides I don’t want to be another one of Robert’s discarded women.  Perhaps if I knew I would never see him again I could forgive him, but he is so damn insistent that I speak to him.  It is easier to forgive my aunt; I know I’ll never see her again.”  Amelia said.  She sat up straight and folded her hands neatly in her lap.  “And what were you up to today, Sally?”
Sally grinned with excitement.  “I just came back from Mr. Clarke’s.”
“Sally,” Amelia laughed.  “I thought you weren’t interested in older men.”
Sally rolled her eyes and huffed.  Amelia might have resigned herself to marrying a wealthy older man, but that was not how Sally wanted to make her fortune.  “I was not having a rendezvous with Mr. Clark.” Sally spoke with a smirk on her face and light sarcasm in her voice, doing her best to imitate her mistress’ speech.  “I’ve been investing my wages with his company.  I’m going to be rich.”  
“Sally, you understand that it will take time to build your wealth.”
“Yes, he explained everything to me.  I’m hoping that in a few years I will have enough to live comfortably.”  Sally said exceedingly pleased with herself.
“I did tell you to follow your dreams, didn’t I?”  Amelia said.
“Yes miss, you did.”
“Call me Amelia, Sally.  We’ve been through so much together.”
“She will do no such thing.”  George had stepped into Amelia’s room while the two women were chatting.  He had a disapproving frown on his face.  Sally had forgotten to close the door when she had entered.  “You may go.”  He said to Sally like she was something beneath him; she did her best to leave quickly.  George reached out and grabbed her arm tightly, pulling her close to him.  He looked into her large blue eyes that made her appear more childlike and innocent.  George stared at her a little too long causing Sally to struggle against him.  She could feel herself start to panic.  Sally knew he wouldn’t do anything to her in front of his sister, but his behavior around Sally was strange. “You will cease with the noise you make in the hallway.  I detest whistling.”  He said letting her go.
“Yes, sir.”  She said backing away from him, bumping into Amelia’s nightstand.
“It’s ‘yes Lord Southerton’.”  He said loudly.  “You will address my sister and myself properly while you are in my household.
“George!”  Amelia shouted at her brother and stood up abruptly from her desk.  Once his attention was focused on his sister, Sally darted down the hallway.  “You never address your own staff in such a manor.  I would appreciate it if you treat mine with the same courtesy.”
“Amelia, that girl is trouble.”  George pointed in the direction the maid had run.
“Why, because she is a little more course than you are used too?”  
“I caught the girl staring at me the other afternoon Amelia.  She was just staring at me as bold as can be.  I told her what I thought of her behavior since you don’t seem to do anything about that.”
“Yes, she did tell me, and she asked me not to do anything about that.”  Amelia stated.  She tapped her pen on her desk top.  “Sally said that when she is by herself, you follow her around and stare at her.  The afternoon you caught her staring at you was because she didn’t like what you were doing.  After what I just witnesses, I can’t say that I blame her George.”
“I don’t see what I did wrong, I just asked the girl to leave and to stop whistling.”  George scowled.
Amelia was puzzled.  She knew what she had witnessed.  Either her brother thought there was nothing wrong with his behavior or he had no idea what he had done.  “George,” she said calmly questioning him.  “What do you think just occurred here?”
“I dismissed your maid and told her not to whistle.”
“George, you grabbed the girl be the arm and it appeared that you held onto her tightly.”
“I did no such thing.” He said.
“Yes, you did George.  I watched her struggle to get away from you and pulled on her arm all the tighter.  You were staring at her with such a look of malice on your face.”
George strained to remember his actions.  He didn’t think that he had touched the maid, but the more he thought about it he did remember holding the girl in place.  He wanted her to know he was in charge, but she was just so defiant.
“Ah, I see.” Amelia said.
“See what, Amelia?”
“Leave Sally alone, Georgie.  She is not interested in you.”
“What are you talking about?”  He asked.
“George, I am not a naive young girl.  I do know what happens sometimes between employers and their staff.”  She replied.
“Are you trying to imply that I might seduce your maid?”  His face was turning red.  “I have no intention of taking that vulgar thing to my bed!” 
“I’m sorry I mentioned it.  I just didn’t like what I saw.”
“I have never in my entire life done such a thing to one of my staff members.”  He stormed out of her room.
“Wait!”  Amelia got up and chased after her brother.  He waited for her in the hall.  “I’ve seen things happen to girls, Georgie.  I’m not accusing you of doing something, I like Sally and I love you dearly.  But I’m not a blind fool either. I don’t want to see either of you hurt.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to accuse you of something you wouldn’t do.”
George nodded his head, his mouth still set in a tight line.  “Just please tell her to behave like a proper lady’s maid.”  He sulked into his own room.
Amelia went in search of Sally.  After searching the entire house, Amelia found the maid sitting in the garden nook crying.  
“Sally, I’m sorry.  I did speak to him.  My brother was out of line and he will not address you again like that.”  Amelia said sadly.
“It’s alright, miss.  I don’t know why I let the grand Lord Southerton bother me.”  Amelia sat down and placed an arm around her friend.  “I can take care of myself, miss.” Sally replied tartly.
“I know you can Sally.  You’re loyal and you’re a good friend to me.”  Amelia said hugging her friend.  “I really hope your investment with Mr. Clarke is successful, so you never have to put up with someone else giving you orders again.”
Sally laughed and wiped her tears.  “Thank you miss.  You’ve been a kind employer.”
“You forget that I spent the last few years at my aunt’s beck and call.  It’s taught me to be kind to those who work for me.”  She hugged her friend.  “And I don’t care what that idiot says, call me Amelia.  Just don’t do it in front of Georgie.”
“Yes Amelia.”  Sally smiled.  “I’m going to go mail your letters for you so you can have your little nook back.”
“I think I’m going to go for a stroll around the neighborhood.  It is such a lovely day.”
“Wonderful idea.  You do need to get out much more.”
Sally headed back to the house and up to Amelia’s room.  She grabbed the letters off the desk but heard the door slam shut as she turned to leave.  George was once again standing in front of her just staring at her.  She was so startled by his sudden appearance that she screamed.  She quickly covered her mouth with her hands.
“Sorry, I’m sorry Lord Southerton.  I know you don’t like noise.  You startled me.”  Her voice shook as she spoke.
“What are you doing, Sally?” He asked with his eyes fixated on her.
“Lady Southerton asked me to mail her letters.  I thought I would take them to the post.” She eyed him wearily.
“I don’t know what lies you have been telling my sister,” he said stepping closer to her, “but I would never assault a maid.”  He continued as he lightly touched her hand.  Sally was up against the edge of the desk with no escape from him.  There was barely an inch between them. “I want you to understand that I would never consider a tryst with someone beneath me.”  His hand moving up her arm caressing her gently.  
Sally sucked in a breath. “I understand perfectly.”  Sally said watching his hand travel up her arm.
George pulled her close to his body.  Sally felt her feet lift from the floor.  ‘One swift kick,’ she thought. ‘One kick to the shin and he’s drop me, I might not have a job, but he would drop me.’ Sally didn’t want him to drop her.  Her heart hammered rapidly in her chest, both her arms wrapped around his neck.  She had no control over them.  Her eyes glanced at Amelia’s bed.  His hands roamed her body, pulling up her skirt he ran his hand along her thigh.  George leaned in closer, touching his lips to hers.  Sally opened her mouth and George slid his tongue in.  She wrapped her legs around his waist as she ran her fingers through his hair.  He broke their kiss and let go of her.  Sally stumbled, trying her best to keep from falling over.
 “Get out!”  He shouted pointing at the door. His eyes were shut tight as she ran by him. 
George didn’t need to watch her leave but heard her run for the door.  “Oh, dear God, what am I doing?” he said to out loud, hopping no one would hear.  His father had always taught him that this was not the way a gentleman behaves.  “That girl, that awful vulgar girl.  She is to blame for this.”  Deep down, he knew he was at fault.  Sally didn’t seek his attention and did her best to stay out of his way.  He was the one who sought her out and he wasn’t sure how he was going to avoid her.
Sally ran out of the room and down the steps; her hand covering her lips.  She could still feel George’s mouth on hers, his hands on her body and the feel of him between her legs.  She didn’t stop until she was outside. She knew she would have to pay much more attention to where Lord Southerton was so she could avoid him, but she wasn’t sure she wanted to.  His body felt good pressed against her and part of her wanted much more from George Southerton.
Amelia lingered in the garden a little bit longer enjoying the peace and tranquility.  She leisurely strolled to the gate, let herself out and walked to the front of the house.  Amelia arrived in time to see Sally rushing out the front door like someone had set her petticoat on fire.  She hoped that Sally did not have another bad encounter with George. Sally was very loyal, but there was only so much abuse that a sane person could take.  Amelia took a deep breath and tried to push that from her mind.  If George said he would not touch her, then he would not touch her.
The weather was lovely; the wind blew gently tousling some of the red curls that escaped her bun; Amelia was enjoying her walk.  A group of small school aged children ran past her.  One of the smaller boys called out to her.
“Hello Miss Amelia!”
Amelia stared at the little boy for a moment as he ran right up to her.  “Andrew?  What are you doing here?”  She asked with genuine surprise stooping to pick the boy up.  She thought she would never see the boy or Nancy again.
“Mr. Deacon brought mummy and me.”  He smiled.  “He promised me an adventure, but he only sends me to school.”
“And how do you like school?” Amelia asked while brushing an errant lock of hair out of the boy’s face.
“I don’t like it.” He groaned.
“But I see you have made friends.”  Amelia said gesturing to the group of boys that were waiting for Andy.
“That is the only good part.” He said.  “Can I go now?  We have a game to play.”  
“Sure.”  She said putting the boy back on the ground. Amelia patted the boy on the cheek.  “Which house do you live at?”
The boy pointed to a three-story brick townhome that was two houses away from where she lived with George.  “I live upstairs with mummy.  You should come and see Mr. Deacon again.  He missed you a lot.”
“Not right now, Andy.” She frowned. “But I promise to stop by and see your mummy.”  She said.  The boy smiled, waved and ran off with his new friends. 
Amelia walked to Robert’s house and stood outside.  She did want to see Nancy again and she did miss her chats with Pearl, but she could not bring herself to see Robert.  Amelia noticed that the side gate was left open, so she cautiously entered the back yard making sure that no one was around.  She figured that the kitchen, like in most households, was in the back of the home and she continued to creep around. Once she was at the back door, she touched the handle and saw that the door had not been locked.  She entered the house as quietly as she could.  As expected, the door had taken her into the kitchen where Nancy was chopping carrots for a stew.  Nancy looked up from her work.
“Miss Amelia!” Nancy exclaimed loudly running over to Amelia to give her a hug.
Amelia brought a finger to her lips.  “I don’t want anyone to know I’m here.”  She said in hushed tones.
“No one is home.  Mr. Deacon is working, and Miss Pearl is on an outing with one of the Potter sisters.”
“Which one?  Ugh, never mind I find them all detestable.”  Amelia said wrinkling her nose.
“Miss Anabel, I believe.  She is the middle sister.  When she is away from the other two sisters Miss Anabel can be quite agreeable.”  Nancy said smiling.  She held Amelia’s hands and looked the young woman over.  “It’s good to see you dressed as a proper lady.  How is it living with your brother?”
Amelia frowned.  “I hate it.” She said.  “He is not the brother I remember.  We used to be so close when we were younger.  Our mother was beside herself with all the mischief we used to get into.  Even when he was older, we used to pull terrible pranks on unsuspecting family members.  I remember the young man who comforted me after our mother’s death.  I used to turn to him for everything.  Now, he’s cold and short tempered.  Georgie is only interested in propriety and the success of his business.  This is not the man I used to know.”  She continued.
“Becoming an adult changes people.  You don’t know everything that he’s been through since you saw him last.  I know that everything you have been through has changed you.  I’m sure he sees that.”
“I suppose.” Amelia said.  “But you should hear how he address Sally.”
“Is he worse than your aunt?”  Nancy asked.
“No, but no one is as cruel as my aunt.”  Amelia said.  “But I’m worried he might,” Amelia paused for the right words.
“You are worried he might try to do what Lord Winthrope did.”  Nancy replied.  Amelia nodded her head.  “I wouldn’t worry too much about Sally.  I once saw her chase a pickpocket who had grabbed a lady’s purse. Sally nearly kicked the thief’s teeth in.  I’ll tell you, she is not the sweet girl she pretends to be.”
“I’ve played cards with Sally.  I know she’s not the sweet girl she pretends to be.”
“And if your brother treats Sally bad, I’m sure Mr. Deacon will take her back.”  Nancy said.
“I think I would go mad without her.”  Amelia replied.
“Have you told your brother everything that happened?”  Nancy asked.
“If I told my brother everything, he would be forcing me to marry Robert.”	
“Would that be so bad?  He misses you, you know.”  Nancy said.  “Mr. Deacon was lost without you.”  Amelia placed her hands on her hips and frowned.  “Amelia, he knows what he did was wrong.  But he came a long way to make amends.”
“Nancy, how can I trust a man like that.  He’s using you and Andy to get to me.  Can’t you see that?”
“He could have asked me to reach out to you, but he didn’t.  He could have told Andrew to knock on your door until you came out, but he didn’t.  Instead he continued to employee me when he didn’t have to.  And he sends Andy to a very nice school, one that I would never be able to send Andy to.  My son will grow up to be a well-educated man.  Mr. Deacon didn’t have to do that for us.  He’s not all that bad.”
“I don’t know, Nancy I’m not ready.  I think I still need time.”
“Alright, please give him a chance to earn your trust again.  He does love you.”
Nancy was the second person that day to say that to her. Amelia was about say something, but Robert’s booming voice was heard in the hallway.
“Pearl.”  He called.
“She’s not in, sir.”  Nancy called back.
Amelia heard him heading in their direction and she dashed out the back door.  Robert saw her leave; he opened the door and saw her unmistakable red hair as she ran for the gate.  
“How long was she here?”  He asked Nancy quietly.  The familiar pain in his chest returned.  She was in his home but fled when she knew he was home.
“Not long, sir.”  Nancy replied.  “I’m sorry, sir.  Give her some time and she’ll come around.”
“I don’t want to wait anymore.”  He growled.  “I already made a formal request for her hand in marriage to her brother. I should tell George what has happened between us.”
Nancy shook her head.  “She’ll never forgive you.”
“Alright, Nancy.  I’ll take your word for it.  So, where did my sister go off to.”
“The middle Potter sister stopped by and Miss Pearl took her to run errands.”
“Ugh, the Potter sisters.” Robert shuddered.
“The middle girl is not so bad when you separate her from the other two.”
“Anabel?”  Robert asked.  “She only giggles when I talk to her.”
“She’s a young lady and you are very handsome.  If I were a young girl I would giggle every time you talked to me too.”
“Nancy, you think I’m handsome.”  Robert teased as he reached to give her a playful pinch on the cheek.
Nancy smacked his hand with a wooden mixing spoon.  “You’re horrible.  Teasing an old woman like that.”
Robert gave Nancy a kiss on the cheek.  “Does she like puppies?”  He asked.
“Annabel?”
“No, Amelia.”  Robert said.
“I wouldn’t know.  I don’t think she ever had one.”
“Every lady likes puppies.”  He said as he left the kitchen.
“Good Lord, she’s going to kill him!” Nancy said to herself.



















Chapter 15
A few days had passed since Amelia had fled from Robert’s kitchen and she had not heard from or seen Robert.  She was sure he had seen her leave, but he did not try and stop her. She knew she should return Pearl’s call, but she did not want to take a chance and run into Robert.  She did not trust him or herself to share the same space.  
Amelia rose early, dressed in her best tan and red checkered riding habit and had gone for a ride in the park.  Her brother had bought her a horse when Amelia arrived home.  On one of her first ridding excursions Amelia found a little open meadow only a short ride away from her home.  Every time she went out for a ride, Amelia would visit the meadow.  She enjoyed the wind in her hair and the freedom she felt while she rode.  In her meadow, there were no nosy neighbors, no lusty men, and no older brother to bother her.
When she arrived home, Amelia head a yipping sound coming from the drawing room.  Upon entering she saw a little black poodle rolling around on the floor.  The poor thing was trying to remove a large red bow that had been tied around his neck.  Sally entered the drawing room behind Amelia.  The maid was visibly upset.
“I told Mr. Deacon not to leave the creature,” Sally said “but he would not listen.  And now your brother is angry with me again.”
“Robert was here?” Amelia asked.
“Yes. He arrived right after you left.  I think he was waiting for you to leave.”
“That bastard!” Amelia said much louder than she intended.  The little dog stopped rolling on the floor, sat up, barked at Amelia and wagged his little tail.  “I’m going to pay our neighbor a visit.  Take the damn bow off that dog, Sally.  I’ll be back soon.”
Amelia stormed out of the house and down the street to Robert’s home.  She flung his front door open and marched into his home like she owned it.  A startled Pearl popped her head into the hallway to see Amelia fuming.
“Where is he?”  Amelia said loudly.  Pearl pointed to a door down the hall.  Amelia pushed the door open and went inside.  Robert was in his office sitting at his desk speaking to one of his servants.  Both men wore similar startled expressions. Amelia pointed to the man standing next to Robert.  “You! Get out!” She shouted.  The servant looked at Robert, his master nodded his head and the servant left.
“You barge into my home and order my servants about?”  What terrible manners you have Lady Southerton.”
“How dare you.”
“Give you a puppy?”
“I told you to let me be.”  She clenched her fists and bawled them at her side.
Robert rose from his desk to stand in front of her.  “Lady Southerton, I sent you a puppy.  I fail to see the harm in that.”  He grinned at her.
Amelia raised her hand to strike the smug smile from Robert’s face.  Before she could, Robert grabbed her hand and held it tightly.
“You storm into my home, yell at my servants, and try to slap me.”  He pulled her close, and their bodies pressed together.  Her free hand was on his chest.
“Let go of me.” She growled.
“So, you can slap me?  I think not.”
Amelia struggled against him and he pressed her body closer to him.  She could feel every ripple and bulge from his chest down to his trousers.  Amelia was prepared to do anything to escape Robert, including biting, kicking, and hair pulling.  She slowly moved her hand up his chest to his neck and into his hair. Robert shuddered at her touch.  He moved his head closer to hers and gently kissed her lips.  She thought if she bit him, he would let go.  Amelia nipped his lower lip with her teeth, not nearly as hard as she intended to. Robert moaned, and it lit a fire inside her.  She nipped at his lip again and this time she flicked her tongue over his lower lip.  He gasped and finally let go of her hand.  She broke the kiss and stared at him.  Amelia was free to run, her feet stayed planted to the spot.  Her eyes narrowed as she smiled at him.  Like a creature possessed, she began to pull at the buttons on his shirt ripping it open and exposing his chest.  She smiled and ran her fingertips over his chest.  Robert’s eyes were wide with shock but did nothing to stop her.
“Lee, how can you do this to me?”  He uttered.
Amelia said nothing but ran both her hands down his stomach and began unbuttoning his breeches.  She slipped a delicate hand down the front of his pants, grasping his manhood and gently stroking.  Robert gripped the edge of his desk to steady himself.  Amelia smiled; she had power over him now.  She guided him away from the front of his desk and back to his chair where she pushed him back down into his seat.  Loosening her underclothing, Amelia lifted her skits and straddled Robert.  She eased herself down onto his erection and began rocking her hips, feeling him deep inside her.  Robert unbuttoned her blouse and tugged down her corset freeing her breasts.  He guided one breast into his mouth suckling and gently biting the nipple.  Mad with desire, Amelia bucked her hips harder enjoying the sensation of his manhood inside her knowing that while she pleasured herself, he was enjoying her body as well.  Her hands clung to his shoulders and she continued to ride Robert harder.  Amelia’s panting turned to loud moaning as she felt the beginning of her climax spread through her body.  Robert joined Amelia in ecstasy.  She covered his mouth with hers and slid her tongue inside.  Robert held her tightly till her thrusting stopped.  Slowly he loosened his hold on her, kissing her neck and cheek gently.
Trying to decide what to do, Amelia squeezed her eyes shut.  She had only intended to tell Robert to leave her alone, but she had made such a mess of things.  This man ignited an uncontrollable passion inside her, but she could not trust him.
“I hate you.” She whimpered as tears began to fall from her eyes.
“Lies, Lady Southerton, all lies.”  He said attempting to be playful.
Quickly, Amelia untangled herself from his embrace and adjusted her clothing.
“I’ve made a horrible mistake.” She cried softly.  “This isn’t right.” She said as she turned her back to him.
Robert realized she was trying to leave.  “Wait, Lee I want to talk to you.”
Amelia was already in the hallway. “This is what happens when we do talk.” She shouted back.
Robert had his pants up, but his shirt was torn open as he ran after her.  Amelia was passing the drawing room when she heard familiar giggling.  The doors were open and the Potter sisters were taking tea with Pearl, Amelia had not noticed their presence when she arrived.  Amelia’s mouth was open as if to explain her disheveled presence when Robert stopped behind her.  He too had not noticed Pearl’s company.
“Oh” Mary Beth said with a smug smile when she saw Amelia’s wild appearance and Robert’s bare chest.
Amelia looked back at Robert and again to Pearl’s guests.  “I need to go.”  She said and ran out the front door.
Three of the biggest gossips were practically witness to their lovemaking.  Robert smiled, soon everyone in the city will hear stories of how Robert and the lovely Lady Southerton were caught in a very delicate situation.  The only way to prevent scandal was for Amelia to marry him.  Robert nodded and smiled at Pearl and the Potter sisters.  “Ladies.” He said and he left to redress himself.
Amelia ran all the way back to her home.  Her brother would soon hear sordid stories of what she and Robert were doing.  She would deny everything.  Sally met Amelia with the little black dog under her arm.
“Your brother was complaining about the dog again, miss.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I told him that it was a gift from Mr. Deacon and you had gone to tell him not to send you such things.”  Sally replied.  Amelia groaned.  “Did you give Mr. Deacon a piece of your mind?”
“I gave him a piece of something.” Amelia said.
“Oh.” Sally said softly.  “Here, let me help you change.  You look like you’ve run yourself ragged.”  Amelia blushed as Sally helped Amelia into another dress.  
Sally was fixing her mistress’ hair when there was a knock on the door.
“Lord Southerton would like to see you in the drawing room, ma’am.”  The servant left.
“Oh dear.”  Amelia said.  “The Potter sisters were having tea with Pearl.  They saw me leave and they also saw Robert not fully dressed.   Rumors are starting already.”
“Don’t worry about what those silly cows say.  Hold your head up high, Amelia.  You are a lady and you’ve been through much worse than a few rumors.  I’ll come with you.”
Amelia smiled weakly as they walked down the steps.  Sally waited outside the drawing room while Amelia went in to face the music.  George was sitting down facing the door and Robert was sitting in a chair to the left of him.
“Is there something you would like to tell me, Amelia?”  George said.
Amelia could see the disappointment on his face. “No, there is not.”  She said as she held her chin up as Sally had suggested.
“Really,” George replied, “because Mr. Deacon came to tell me that the two of you were caught in a compromising situation.”
“I fail to see how being seen leaving Robert’s study is compromising.” Amelia snorted.
“I see the two of you are on a first name basis.  Mr. Deacon also mentioned that this wasn’t the first time you and he were intimate.”
“How could you?” She addressed Robert.
“He did the honorable thing, Amelia.”  George spoke harshly.
Amelia felt her face redden.  “He ran a whore house.” She screamed and pointed at Robert.
“I am well aware of what Mr. Deacon did before arriving here.” George said.
“Unlike you, my love, I believe in telling the truth.” Robert said calmly.
“You wouldn’t know the truth if it bit you in the….”
“Amelia, watch your tone!” George said.
“You want the truth to be told, Lee?”  Robert said.  “Because I see that you have kept your brother so well informed.”  He looked at Amelia as he continued speaking to George.  “I met your sister at the home of your uncle.  Lord Winthrope tried to sell her to me to clear his debt and I took her away.  She was in such a wretched state; she wore rags and she appeared that she was barely fed.  I asked her name and she gave me a false one.  I made her my housekeeper.  I clothed her, fed her and took care of her.  I offered my assistance and she refused.  I offered to get her back to her family, she told me she had none.  I fell in love with her and I offered her a home.  Again, she refused me.  She told me she needed to get back to George.  I assumed George was her lover and I threw her out.  When I realized my mistake, I found my way back to her.  The night of the ball your sister refused to let me apologize to her, I bribed a maid to sneak me in after the guests had left.  She still wouldn’t talk, but she was willing to...”
“Stop!” Amelia screamed. Tears were welling up in her eyes.
“If you would like to know what happened to your sister before she came into my home, I have employed a former servant of Lord and Lady Winthrop.  Feel free to speak with my cook.” Robert said as Amelia glared at him.  “She’s the one who informed me of your sister’s identity and the indignities your sister endured at the hands of your aunt and uncle.”  He paused as he stared at Amelia.  “Believe what you want of me, Amelia.  I only came here to make things right.”
Amelia’s arms were folded across her chest.  She shook her head as tears streamed down her cheek.  “I won’t do it.”  She said.
“Don’t be stubborn, Amelia,” George said, “you could be with child.”
“She’s not being stubborn, she’s been hurting.”  Sally shouted from the doorway.  Sally rushed to her mistress and put her arms around Amelia.
“You speak out of turn!” George shouted back at the maid.  “You should mind your station before I turn you out.”
“I serve the lady, not you.”  Sally shouted at George as Amelia wept.  The pair looked odd since Sally stood a good two inches shorter than Amelia.  “Neither of you were on the ship with her as she cried herself to sleep.  I was.  Miss Amelia didn’t want to speak about what happened to her and I knew better than to ask, but I was there to take care of her.  You,” she said pointing a finger to George, “poked and prodded at her every day to find out what had happened to her.  Any fool could tell she was too upset to speak.  And to make matters worse, you paraded her around your business partners and their sons like she was some animal.”  George crossed his arms, but let the woman speak.  “And you, Mr. Deacon.” Sally continued, “You never gave Miss Amelia any reason to trust you.  You knew what kind of people Lord and Lady Winthrope were.  You know what Lord Winthrope did to your girls, you should have had some idea of what she went through.”
Robert stood to face Amelia.  Gently he took one of her hands in both of his.  “Give me one month, Lee.  Let me court you properly.  We’ll know in that time if you are carrying my child.  If you’re not pregnant and you still want nothing to do with me, I’ll leave you alone.”  Amelia tightened her lips and nodded in agreement.  Robert smiled and kissed the hand he was holding.  “Good, I’ll see you at seven tonight.”  Robert turned to George and asked, “Shall I assume that you will be joining us tonight at the theater?”
“I’m not letting the two of you go off alone.”  George said.
“I’ll see you tonight, my love.” Robert said, and he took his leave.
“Amelia,” George said sternly like he was talking to a child.  “How could you behave like this?”
“Don’t start, Georgie.  In a month from now I won’t be your problem anymore.”
“That’s not what I meant, Amelia.”
“I spent years praying that you would come for me.  While you were building your business here I was beaten, humiliated, lied to, and stole from. All the jewelry father gave me for my debut is gone.  Didn’t you ever think to ask for your mother’s jewelry back?” 
“No, I just assumed Aunt Beatrice gave it to Christine.”
“No, Georgie.  Our mother’s jewelry was spent on Aunt Beatrice’s new frocks and Uncle Charles’ whores.” She frowned. “When I finally found out why you and Christine never came for me, I worked hard to find a way to get to you.  I didn’t ask anyone one for help.  Since I’ve been in your home you have either treated me like a naughty child or completely ignored me.  Please, save me your lectures on propriety Georgie, I’m not going to listen.”  
Amelia left the room with Sally and went to her own.  The ordeal with Robert and her brother left her exhausted.  The little black dog was sitting on the floor wagging his tail patiently waiting for his new mistress.  He let out an excited sharp yip when she entered.
“Do you want me to take him around for another walk?” Sally asked.
“No, I think I just want some quiet.  I’ll let you know if I need anything from you.”  Amelia said.  Sally gave a weak smile and left the room.  
Amelia bent to pick up the pup and laid down on her bed with him.  Part of her wanted to cry, but stoking the tiny creature had a calming effect.  The bedroom door creaked open and Amelia’s bed dipped.  George’s hand was on her shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Amelia.  I should have at least tried to handle the funerals.  If I had, I would have known Aunt Beatrice lied to me.  You should never have gone through that on your own.  I didn’t know what to do when Aunt Beatrice said I had lost you too.”
She sat up and looked at her brother.  Her lips quivered, and her eyes began to water again.  She was unable to hold back the tears.  George wrapped his arms around her and kissed her temple.
“Mrs. Hunter left quite a bit out of her letter and Christine knew almost nothing.”  George continued.
Amelia nodded.  “I’ve written to Christine.  She wanted to know everything that happened.  I didn’t have the heart to tell her what her parents had done; I only told her what happened while I was working for Robert.”
“What did happen?”
Amelia hesitated for a moment.  “One of the girls told me if I dressed up and worked a game table, I could make enough money to book passage here.”  
“You dressed,” George paused for a moment, “like one of his whores?” Amelia nodded.  “Did Mr. Deacon know of your plan?”  George asked.
“No, Robert was right.  I did lie to him.  He had no idea who I was or what I was trying to do.  Uncle Charles snuck in and saw me.  Georgie, the man had his hands all over me like he had the right to touch me.  He did it right in front of everyone.  I was so horrified.  Robert saw what was happening and he rescued me.  One thing led to another….”  Her voice trailed off and she shrugged her shoulders.  “Please don’t make me marry him, Georgie.”
But George shook his head.  “You know I can’t allow that right now.”  Amelia crumpled, and George sighed.  “Fine.  If you are not carrying his child, I won’t force you, but you will stay away from him after that.”  She hugged her brother.  He told her to get some rest and he left her room.  A few moments later Sally snuck back into Amelia’s room.
“I’m sorry, Amelia.  One of the Potter girls is here to see you.”  Sally apologized.
“For God’s sake, can’t those clucking hens leave me be?  Which sister is it?”  Amelia groaned.
“Does it matter?  They’re all terrible.”  Sally said.  “I tried to explain to her that you weren’t feeling well, but she didn’t want to listen to me, and Lord Southerton heard the commotion she was making, and I didn’t want him to start yelling at me again.”  Sally paused to take a deep breath.  “I told her to wait in the hall and I would see if you were awake and I was going to run back downstairs and tell the cow that you were napping.”  She finished.
“That’s why I followed you upstairs.”  Anabel said.
Sally’s spine stiffened, she hadn’t noticed the middle Potter sister following her up to Amelia’s room.  Sally and Amelia looked horrified that Anabel heard their conversation.
“Could my day get any worse?”  Amelia said out loud with her head in her hands.  The little black dog sat up and barked at the intruder.
“I told you, Lady Southerton was not feeling well.”  Sally shouted.
“I know.”  Anabel shouted back.  “And I know what happened today and I know what Miss Deacon told us was a lie.”
“What do you want, Anabel?”  Amelia asked loudly.  “Do you expect me to tell you every sordid detail of my life, so you can run around town repeating it to everyone who would listen to you?”
“No, not that. That’s not what I wanted.” Anabel said.  The young woman made a face and stared at the floor.
The little black dog began yipping and howling while the women argued.
“What is all the noise?”  George said.  He had followed Sally and Annabel from his office.  “Amelia, I thought I told you to get some rest.”  Although he was addressing his sister he was staring at Sally.
“We were just discussing a few ladies’ things and we got a little out of hand.  I’m sorry, we will keep it down.”  She replied watching her brother.
“Alright, I’ll leave you and Miss Potter alone as long as you both promise to keep quiet while I’m working.”  He said.  George reached for Sally’s arm and pulled her toward him; Amelia watched as his eyes locked intently on the maid’s.  A smile that made Amelia shudder crept onto the corner of his mouth.  She had seen that smile on the face of her uncle the night he found his way back into Robert’s club.  “You come with me.  You don’t belong up here.”  He said dragging Sally out the door.
Although she was mentally drained from the morning, Amelia knew she needed to quickly think of an excuse for Sally to stay.  “Georgie, I need Sally here for something.”  She said, unable to think of something plausible.  Amelia grabbed Sally’s free arm and pulling her back.
George’s head snapped up as he looked away from Sally’s eyes and saw his sister and Miss Potter staring at him.  His face flushed lightly.  “Please keep the noise down ladies.” He said leaving the three women alone.  The little dog growled at George as he left.
Amelia was still holding Sally’s arm.  “My brother detests noise while he is working, and he is always working.  That’s why I only receive visitors when he is out doing business.”  Sally was shaking and staring at the door.  “I’ll have someone bring us tea.”  Amelia continued.
“No, I better go, Miss.  He’ll be angry with me if he sees you bringing up your own tea.”  Sally said still staring at the door.
“Don’t argue with me Sally Spade.  The servant’s stairs are right down the hall and George went in the opposite direction.”  Amelia said.  She didn’t want Sally to accidentally run into her brother again.  She knew that George would not come to her room again.  Sally nodded in response and Amelia left for the kitchen.
“Are you alright?”  Anabel asked Sally.  
Sally was breathing heavy; she was still shaking but not as hard as she had been.  “I’m fine.” Sally said in a hushed tone.
“Father said titled men like Lord Southerton take advantage of their servants all the time.”  Anabel went on.
“I haven’t been taken advantage of.”  Sally said doing her best to stay calm.
“Oh, so you want his advances?” Anabel asked.
“What, no.  I don’t know what you are talking about.  I’m fine.”  Sally’s arms were crossed, and she scowled at Anabel.
“You don’t look fine.”  Anabel said.
“He kissed me the other day, and I haven’t told Miss Amelia, he follows me around the house and he tries to get me alone and I swear to God if you repeat any of this to anyone, I will cut your damn tongue out of your mouth and make you swallow it.”  She pointed her index finger in Anabel’s face.
“Oh.”  Anabel said.  She was clearly not even fazed by Sally’s threat.  “You should sit down.”  She placed her hands on Sally’s shoulders and forced the maid to sit on the bed.  “Do you think he was going to...”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”  Sally said with her arms still crossed.
“But do you think…” Anabel began again.
“I said I don’t want to talk about it.”  Sally said again. Her face was flushed not with anger, but the thought of Lord Southerton’s hands on her body made her heart race.  She had known too many girls that were ruined by some heartless lord, an affair with George Southerton was out of the question.
Amelia came back into the room.  She saw the look on her friend’s face and her stomach twisted in a knot.  “I’m sorry Sally.  I spoke with Nancy the other day.  She said that Robert would take you back.” 
“No,” Sally said with a tight-lipped smile.  “I said I serve you, not him.  And I won’t have to worry about serving anyone soon.”  Sally said with a grin.
“Alright, Sally.  If you are sure.” Amelia said.  “I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“What him?”  Sally said gesturing with her arms.  “I’m not afraid of him.  I can handle Lord Southerton on my own.”  She continued.  Looking at Anabel, Sally said, “Why are you here?  You think you can blackmail my friend?” Anabel’s face reddened.  “Because Amelia doesn’t care who knows about her and Mr. Deacon.”
“No, that’s not why I came at all.”  Anabel said.
“Why did you come then?”  Sally asked.
“It’s just that, Miss Deacon has been kind enough to speak with me.  She has tried to help me behave in society and she has said that you, Lady Southerton, have more etiquette training than she has.”  Anabel paused for a breath.  “She’s told me everything, Miss Deacon has told me all about her life, and how her oldest brother turned her out and what she did before she was reunited with Mr. Deacon.  She told me about what happened between you and Mr. Deacon and I thought if you knew I know, you wouldn’t feel like you need to hide from me.  I was planning on coming to you today anyway.  I want you to teach me to be a proper lady.”  Anabel finally finished.
“Barging into someone’s private chambers and demanding that they see you is not what I would call proper.”  Amelia said.  
“I know.” Anabel said.  “But I was afraid that you wouldn’t see me unless I came up.”  Her large brown eyes focused on Amelia.  “Please say you’ll help me?  I know that I make mistakes and I say the wrong things, and I know what people think of me and my family.”
Amelia pondered the request for a moment.  “Alright,” she said.  “but only you and not your sisters.  I don’t think I could handle all three of you.”  Anabel nodded.  “Sally, why don’t you join us as well.  Since Mr. Clark is going to make you rich, you might as well learn how to act like a proper society lady.”
“Oh, well you see these society people won’t talk to you.  They don’t like my family, but they all do business with our father, so we won’t be turned away from anyone’s home.  Just because you have money doesn’t mean they will talk to you.” Anabel said.
“I don’t care if society ladies won’t see me.  I don’t want to serve any more of em.”  Sally said.
“If the society ladies don’t treat you well, why do you want etiquette lessons?”  Amelia asked.
“I plan on going to England to find a poor lord that is looking for a wealthy bride.  Then I will be a respected lady.”  Anabel said.
“You’re looking for a fortune hunter.”  Amelia stated remembering stories she heard of her Uncle Charles and how her Aunt Beatrice was warned not to marry him.  “Some of those men can be nasty, Anabel.  Are you sure that is what you want to do?”
“I understand that.  I thought I would find out about their families first before I make a decision like that.”  Anabel said.  She wrinkled her nose for a moment as she thought.  “You know families from England.  You could tell me which ones are good and which ones are bad.”  She said to Amelia.
“I’m afraid that I don’t know too many families any longer.”  Amelia crossed her arms and tapped her chin with her finger.  “But Sally does.”  Amelia said with a smile.
“Me?”  Sally asked.  “Why are you dragging me into this?  I’m not going with her to London as a ladies’ maid.”  She said.
“No, but you could go to London posing as an American Heiress. I could teach you how to act and you could tell Anabel who comes from a good family.”
“The minute I open my mouth everyone will know where I’m from.  I can’t pretend to be mute.” Sally frowned.  Amelia laughed at the thought of Sally not speaking.  
“I can teach you to sound American.”  Anabel offered.  She looked at Sally hopefully.
Sally crossed her arms and huffed.  “I suppose it could work. Who knows, maybe I’ll find a rich lord myself.
Amelia laughed harder.  “You, marry a rich lord? You know these titled men will try to control everything in your life.  Imagine being married to someone like Georgie, you wouldn’t be able to stand it.”
“I suppose.”  Sally said with her arms still crossed staring at the door.
“When can I come back?”  Anabel asked.
“Possibly tomorrow.  I will send for you.  We can have Pearl come as well.”  Amelia said.
Anabel smiled.  “That would be wonderful.”  
“Do not bring your sisters.”  Amelia warned.
“I understand.”  Anabel said still smiling.
“And now if you don’t mind, I need to get some rest.”  Amelia said.
Anabel smiled again and headed for the door.  Sally went with her.  Amelia stopped Sally before the maid entered the hallway.  
“I don’t know what is going on with my brother, but you should stay as far away from George as you can.”  Amelia whispered to the maid. 
 Sally nodded and ran after Anabel to show her out.  As they reached the front door Anabel turned to her and said, “Miss Deacon said that you’re good at cards.”
Sally beamed.  “Yeah, but Lady Southerton is much better.”  
“Well, I am excellent at cards.  We should play one night.”
Sally looked around to see if anyone was nearby.  “How about tonight?  Lord Southerton will be with Lady Southerton and the Deacons at the theater.  No one will be around.”
“Sounds like fun.”  Anabel grinned as she left.
Sally slowly walked back.  Lord Southerton’s office door was wide open.  She knew she should go back upstairs as she was instructed, but Sally couldn’t help herself as she peeked into Lord Southerton’s office.  He looked up at her; neither of them saying a word.  She waited for him to move or yell at her, but he sat there. Her breath became rapid as she thought of George’s hands all over her body.  Sally bit her lip and tugged at the collar of her blouse.  George rose from his desk and grinned at Sally.   She ran from the room; it would be best if she left instead of tempting fate with George Southerton.

Robert arrived home with a smile on his face.  Pearl met him in the hall.
“Well?”  She asked. Her eyes were wide as she waited for his answer.
“She’ll give me a month.”  
Pearl raised her eyebrows.
“As long as she’s not pregnant I told her she won’t have to marry me.  But I have a month to court her.”
Pearl shook her head.  “That is not a victory.”  She said.
“Pearl, I have a month.  What could go wrong?” He smiled.
“You’re a cocky bastard.”
“Now sister dear.  You know that’s not a polite language for a lady.”  He said laughing.  Pearl scowled at him.  “What did you tell those three feather brains?”  he asked.
“I told them that you and Lady Southerton used to be engaged, but you jilted her at the altar.  You’ve been trying to apologize; Lady Southerton will hear none of it.
Robert placed his hand over his heard and made a face to mock pain.  “I can’t believe you made me the villain in this story.”
“Because you are.”
“Whose side are you on, Pearl?”
“Mine.” She walked away.
Robert smiled as Pearl left the room.  As soon as Amelia agrees to be his bride, he was going to find a way to make his sister happy.  He missed the gleeful carefree girl she used to be.  Hopefully, Amelia would agree to help him.

Chapter 16

Amelia was finished dressing for the evening when her brother entered her room.
“Mr. Deacon and his sister have arrived.”
“He’s early.”  She said as she stared at her reflection in her full-length mirror.
“Come, let’s not keep him waiting.” George extended his arm.
She took his arm and walked downstairs.  Amelia was wearing a sapphire gown with a low-cut bodice and black trim.  Her hair was done in a simple up do with a few red curls dangling.  
Robert watched as Amelia and George walked down the stairs.  His breath caught in his throat as he laid eyes on her.  A vision of beauty and she was almost his.  He extended his arm when she reached the bottom of the steps.  She took it and walked beside him quietly.  She never spoke or looked at him.  George escorted Pearl to the carriage.  Amelia remained quiet during the ride.  Robert tried his best to draw her out with conversation, but she answered him with short replies.
Inside the theater, Robert escorted her to his box.
“How do you like the dog?” He asked.
“Just fine.”  She said.
“What did you name him?”
“Cocky Bastard, so when I call him, I will think of you.”  She replied with a sweet smile.
Even though her joke was at his expense, Robert wanted to laugh.  “What horrible language from such a beautiful lady.”  He said.
“I learned it in a whorehouse.”  She replied with a large smile.  This time she batted her eyes like a coquettish young flirt.
Robert could not help himself and laughed loudly.  His head was in his hands as he continued to laugh.  Other patrons nearby were staring at them.  Amelia smiled a real smile and started to giggle.  Her giggles soon turned to full-fledged laughter.  
Robert grabbed her hand and brought it to his lips and kissed it.   “I’m glad you are laughing.  Even if it is at me.”  He said to her softly.  She smiled and watched him wearily.  “I’ve missed your beautiful smile.” He squeezed her hand gently.  Robert continued to hold her hand through the performance and sat next to Amelia quietly.  Pearl and George made polite conversation.
At the end of the evening Robert escorted Amelia to her door and kissed her hand again.
“I hope you had a wonderful evening.”  He said.
“Enchanting.”  She replied dryly.
He smiled at her; she rolled her eyes and walked inside.  George followed and shut the door.

“You’re being rude.”  He said.
“I know.”
“Amelia, attempt to get along with the man you might marry.”
“George, I hate him.”
“I don’t understand how you can hate him but be intimate with him.”
Amelia huffed and turned to face her brother.  She had one hand on her hip and the other pinched the bridge of her nose.  “George, when was the last time you were intimate with a woman?”
“I beg your pardon.  That is none of your business.”  George was red-faced.
“I see, I thought as much.  You have not been with someone.”
“I have.”  He yelled at her.
“No, at least not recently or you would understand how complicated things can be.”
“Complicated.  Lovemaking is not complicated.”  George mumbled. 
“Yes, it is.  A person can make you feel out of control and wonderful at the same time.  With one touch, a person can set your soul on fire and you just want to burn.  Then that person does something to hurt you and it will just destroy you, especially if you were falling in love with them.”  She said.  George stood silent.  “I was in love with him, George.  And I’m not sure I can trust him.”
Amelia left her brother alone in the hallway and went to her room.  She had just shut the door when Robert sat up from her bed.
“A moving speech, my lady.” He said.
Amelia’s face turned red with rage.  “Again!  How did you get in?”
“Through the window.”  He said with his cocky smile.  “You should really lock it. Any manor of person could sneak into your bedchamber.”
“I want you out.” She replied in hushed tones.
“You said you loved me.” He tried to touch her cheek but she pulled away from him.
“And I don’t trust you.”
“I just need a chance to earn it.”  He spoke softly. “Let me prove to you that I want more than just a few nights of passion.”  Amelia’s arms were crossed, and she snorted.  “Please let me spend the night in your bed.  All I wish to do is hold you while you sleep.”  He continued.  She eyed him wearily.  “I promise I won’t make any unwonted advances.  Now should you want my advances…”
“Out!”  Amelia said pointing at the window.
“Joking” he said with his hands in the air.  “I was just kidding.”
“It wasn’t funny.”  Amelia scowled.
“I promise that I won’t do anything unsavory.  Can I stay with you?”
They heard a light knock at the door.  “Amelia?  Are you dressed, may I come in?”  George said. 
Robert quickly hid under Amelia’s bed.  “I’m dressed, George.” Amelia called.
George entered the room and stood stiffly with his arms clasped behind his back.  “I just wanted to inform you that Mr. Deacon will be by tomorrow for afternoon tea.  You will sit down with him, under my supervision of course.”
“Yes, of course.” She replied.
“And you will speak with him cordially.”  George continued.
“Yes George.”
“I don’t want any arguments or complaints.”
“Naturally, George.”
“You’re not fighting with me?”
“No, George.  It’s been an exhausting day and I’ve like to get to bed.”
“Alright, Amelia.  No arguments in the morning.  Good night.”
“Good night, Georgie.”  She smiled.  George nodded his head and closed her door as he left.  Amelia waited a moment.  “You can come out now.”  She said as Robert slithered from underneath her bed.  
	“You promise to speak cordially to me tomorrow?” He said smiling.
“Get out, Robert.” 
“If you want me to leave you wouldn’t have hidden me from your brother.”
“I didn’t want him to find you hiding in my room.”
“Let me stay, love.”
“You can climb out the window or I will push you out.”
“Just a few minutes longer.” He wrapped his hands around her waist pulling her body into his.
“I know what a few minutes alone with you will do.”  She said doing her best to resist him.  His lips were close to hers brushing them gently.  “No” she whispered.
“Please.”  He begged and kissed her lightly.
Amelia gripped Robert’s shoulders and pushed him away.  “No, Robert.  You need to leave.”  

“Alright, my love.  I’ll leave tonight.  But I will change your mind about me.”  He walked to the window.  Amelia followed to make sure he left.  He paused to say good bye.  “Amelia,” he said with sincerity.  “I will spend the rest of my days attempting to prove to you that my love is genuine.”  He kissed her forehead.  “I will see you tomorrow.”
Amelia watched him climb out the window.  She leaned over the ledge to watch him drop to the ground.  Robert waved to her and left.    Amelia was left alone to her own thoughts.  She was exhausted but was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to sleep. Unfortunately, morning would come soon, and she would need to attempt to get some rest.  Struggling out of her gown, Amelia let it hit the floor and slipped on her nightgown.  She thought about what Pearl had told her the day before and wondered if it was her anger that was preventing her happiness.  If it was only as easy as waking up and choosing to be happy, she thought.  There was no harm trying to be happy in the morning.
Instead of crawling into her bed, Amelia stared at it.  She grabbed her dressing gown, put on her slippers, and softly padded down the hall to the back staircase.  She hadn’t eaten much that day and the thought of a warm cup of tea and a soft biscuit made her stomach rumble.  When she reached the bottom of the steps Amelia could smell the smoke from someone’s cigar, she knew her brother didn’t smoke.  She peaked into the kitchen to see Sally and another woman playing cards in the dim lamp light.  The other woman laughed and turned her head slightly; Amelia recognized the young Anabel Potter sitting with Sally.
“Don’t let her take all your money, Anabel.  Sally cheats.”  Amelia laughed startling both women.  Sally dropped her cards on the table; a card was visible tucked into the sleeve of Sally’s blouse.
“You’re a dirty cheat!  Give me back my money.” Anabel ordered.
“That’s not fair, Amelia.”  Sally whined.  “I was winning.”
“Cheating is not winning.” Anabel complained.
“Give her all her money back Sally.”  Amelia smiled as she headed out of the kitchen.  “And don’t start the next hand without me.”
“We’re doomed.”  Sally huffed.
Amelia rejoined them shortly with a crystal decanter from her brother’s library.  She placed it in the center of the table and went to the cupboard and grabbed three small white porcelain teacups filling the teacups with the brown liquid from the decanter, passed a cup to each lady, and took the cards away from Sally. 
“You do not shuffle, cut or deal.”  Amelia pointed to Sally as she took her place at the table with her back to the dining room.
“I think she should roll up her sleeves.”  Anabel huffed still angry about losing to a cheater.
“You’re afraid I’m going to cheat?  Fine.”  Sally stood up and unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it on the floor.  She sat back down with her corset showing.  Anabel blushed.  “I’m not ashamed.”  Sally shrugged.  “Let’s play.” She said taking a drink from the tea cup doing her best not to let burning she felt in her throat show.
It had been a little over an hour since George had said goodnight to his sister.  He was still up going over some paperwork, but he decided to get some tea from the kitchen.  As he approached the kitchen, he heard the distinct sound of women giggling.  He entered the room to see his sister holding cards in one hand and a teacup in the other.  Her maid and one of the Potter sisters were at the table as well.  His good brandy sat on the table half empty.  The Potter girl had her head resting on the table with her eyes closed.  She opened one eye, looked in his directing, and giggled.
“He’s found us, Amelia.”  The words were sloshing out of Anabel’s mouth.
The other women turned to see what Anabel was looking at.  George stared at the scene in front of him in silence, his mouth pressed into a thin line as a muscle in his jaw pulsed.  His sister was sitting at the table in her dressing gown and her maid had her stocking feet propped up on the table with one arm resting on her chair.  The maid’s skirts were gathered at her knees and her blouse was on the floor.  He couldn’t believe that the woman sat there with her underthings showing.  
“Hello Georgie.”  Amelia chirped.  “Come and join us for a hand.”  His sister motioning to the cards on the table in front of her.
“Yeah Georgie, come join us.” Sally hiccupped.
“Sally, you’re not supposed to call him that.”  Anabel snickered.
“Ssorry,” Sally hiccupped again.  “Lord Sssoutherton, please join us in a game of cards.”  She looked at George and winked.  
George stared at Sally wondering what kind of game the woman was playing with him.
“Sally,” Anabel laughed.  “You are awful.”  She continued, and her head once again hit the table.
“Miss Potter.  What would your father say?”  George commented.
Sally threw her head back laughing.  “What would your father and stupid sisters say?”  
“Amelia,” George shouted.
“Alright Georgie, alright.”  Amelia said getting up from her seat.  “We’ll get out of here.  Miss Potter can share my room.”  Amelia stood beside Anabel and helped her up out of her chair.  Anabel had one arm around Amelia as they walked toward the steps.
Sally stayed behind.  George watched all her movements.  She slowly rose and picked her blouse up from the floor.  Instead of heading for the steps, Sally walked over to George and placed a hand on his chest. Her fingers nimbly unbuttoned his shirt.  Her hand softly pushed open his shirt, exposing his bare chest.  “You should have played a game with us.  You would have had fun.”  She bit her lip as she ran her fingertips down his exposed skin
His breath quickened as she smiled playfully. Cautiously he reached out and pulled her closer enjoying the feeling of her lithe body in his arms.  Sally smiled and laughed lightly.  George leaned in to capture her mouth with his.  The taste of brandy and cigars were on her lips.

“Sally, c’mon.  I need your help!”  Amelia called from the stairwell. Sally jumped and broke their kiss.
“Some other time.” Sally said softly to George.  Sally ran her hand across his cheek. George grabbed her hand and kissed her palm.  He wanted to keep her in his arms, but he was sure his sister would come looking for her maid.  Sally smiled and left him alone in the kitchen.

























Chapter 17

Amelia woke up a little groggy the next morning.  Someone’s arm was flung in her face.  She moved the arm and heard the person next to her groan.  It was Anabel.  Amelia laughed as she remembered trying to get Anabel up the steps and into her room.
“Oh, dear God.”  Anabel muttered trying to pull blankets over her head.  “Please stop moving.”  The girl cried.
Amelia got out of bed as carefully as possible and saw a heap of blankets on her setae.  She inspected it closer and saw wisps of blonde hair sticking out from the top of the bundle.  Amelia poked the buddle and it squealed.
“No,” it cried.  “Please don’t make me move.”
Amelia laughed as she pulled the blankets down.  “Sally, what is the matter with you?”
“My head hurts and I’m going to be sick.”  The blanket covered Sally replied.
“You drank too much.”  Amelia snickered.
“I smoke, I swear, I cheat at cards and pickpockets, but I’ve never drank before.”  Sally groaned.  
Amelia laughed loudly, and Anabel squealed in pain from the bed.  “Why are you not sick like us?”  The younger girl complained.
“I only had one drink.  You two drank half the bottle.”  Amelia continued laughing.  “Sally, you and Anabel get dressed and the two of you go to see Pearl.  Have her make you both one of Robert’s hangover drinks?  I’ll write a note to Mr. Potter, so he knows Anabel is safe with us.” 
Amelia laughed as she chose a simple gown to dress in. Before she grabbed her book from her nightstand, Amelia jotted down a brief note to Mr. Potter to notify him the whereabouts of Annabel and handed her missive to a maid in the hallway.   She decided to see if her brother was home in his office and greet him before she went to her quiet garden nook to read.  Amelia walked into George’s office without knocking.
“Good morning, George.  I…” She stopped when she saw Robert standing next to her brother.  She glanced at the clock on the shelf and realized it was much later than she originally thought. “What are you doing here?” She asked in surprise. ‘You will be happy today.’ She said to herself.
“Amelia remember what you promised last night.”  George said.
“I know.  I wasn’t, I just didn’t…” Amelia couldn’t collect her thoughts to form a complete sentence. 
“It’s alright, George.  Lady Southerton wasn’t expecting to see me.”  Robert smiled warmly.  Amelia nodded her head in agreement.  She couldn’t even open her mouth to speak.  Robert approached her, took her hand and kissed it.  “Do you have something to do till tea?” He asked with a smile and once again Amelia nodded. 
Amelia backed out of the office.  “Sally!”  She called.  Amelia ran to the back door with Sally and Anabel on her heals.  Both girls still appeared ill, Anabel had her hand pressed against her forehead.
“Was that Mr. Deacon with your brother?  Are you speaking with him again?” Sally asked.
“Georgie asked me to be to be polite.”  Amelia said.  She was staring off into space with a smile on her face.
“That looked a little more than acting polite.”  Sally said smirking.
“Just bring the damn dog outside before you go, Sally.  I’m going to read.”
Sally sniggered as she grabbed the little dog and brought him outside. 
Amelia sat in the bow of a tree staring at the words on the page of her book.  She had been looking at the pages for hours and nothing made sense.  Telling herself to be happy and being happy were two different things.  Robert was trying to make amends.  It wouldn’t hurt to allow him to apologize; it would cost her nothing to listen to him with an open mind.  She obviously still had feelings for him, every time she was with him, she could barely breathe let alone think straight.  ‘But can I truly trust him?’ she asked herself.    
Her little black pup was yipping at the base of the tree to get her attention.  He backed away and started barking at the man approaching them.  
“The lady is climbing trees now.”  He said laughing.  Amelia looked down to see Robert standing next to her little dog.  “May I offer the lady a hand.” He said with his hand held out.  She took his hand and he reached up with his free arm to grab her by the waist and helped her down.
“What are you doing out here?”  She asked.  “I thought we were supposed to be chaperoned at all times?”
“I asked your brother if I may escort you in for tea.”  He said.
“And he trusted you not to seduce me?”
Robert held out his arm for her.  “I promised to be on my best behavior.” He said as they walked into the house, the little black dog following them closely.
She walked silently next to him.  In the sitting room, the tea service was already waiting for them.  Lord Southerton’s valet was waiting in the room for them.  
“Madame, your brother had an emergency and will not be joining you this afternoon.”  Robert started to smile with wicked intent.  “Lord Southerton has asked that I stay on his behalf.”  He said addressing Robert.
“Wonderful.”  He mumbled as Amelia sat down.  George’s valet watched the couple silently with a disapproving glare.
“How do you take your tea, Mr. Deacon?” Amelia asked.
“With brandy, Lady Southerton.”  He grumbled.
“Now, Mr. Deacon.  It is far too early to be drinking hard liquor.”  She giggled.
“Who says? I heard what you, Sally and Miss Potter were up to last night.”  She laughed at his obvious aggravation.  “Why do you laugh at me?”  He asked.
“Because you amuse me.” She said.
“I’m glad someone is amused.” He smiled at her.  Her stomach turned and her heartbeat quickened.
The butler entered the room.  “Excuse me Lady Southerton, a Mr. Baker is here to see you.”
Amelia was confused for a moment until Andy entered the room in his crisp new school uniform holding a lone daisy.  “Andy, what are you doing here.” She said as the boy climbed up into the seat next to her.
“Courting you.”  He said with a big smile on his face. “You’ve had your chance.”  Andy looked at Robert. Amelia laughed hard as Robert grimaced.  Amelia’s little black dogged down from her lap and ran over to Andy, sniffing at the boy’s shoes. “Oh, Miss Amelia you have a dog!” Andy exclaimed reaching out to pet the curious pup. “What is his name?”
“Is that daisy from my garden?”  Robert asked the boy.
“I haven’t named him yet.” She said.  “Would you like to name him?”
“I will call him Bart.  Can I play with him?”
“Yes, I’ll have a maid come down and you can play with Bart outside.”  Amelia rang for a maid and she took the little boy outside with the dog.  “Are you happy now?”  Amelia asked Robert.
“Not exactly.” Robert said glancing at Lord Southerton’s valet.  “I can’t believe that little boy stole a flower from my home to bring to you.”
“I think it`s sweet.”  She said.
“You would think it`s sweet.”  He said getting up to sit next to Amelia.  He took her hand in his, turned it over and kissed the inside of her wrist.  Amelia involuntarily shuddered.  Robert touched her cheek and leaned in to kiss her on her lips when Lord Southerton’s valet let out a loud cough.  “I want to see you tonight.” He whispered.  “Alone.”
“I am afraid that is not possible Mr. Deacon.”  She said glad that the valet was there to discourage Robert.
Robert sat up straight.  “I do need to leave, but I will see you again.” He said and stood up.  Amelia rose with him.  “Goodbye my dear.” He said and he snuck a kiss in front of the disapproving valet.  “I’ll see you later my love.” 
Amelia stood there for a few moments after he left more confused about her feelings for Robert than before.  Everything seemed so clear when she was sure she hated him.  Now she was not so sure what she felt.  She decided to be alone in her garden.  The maid had taken Andy home and had brought Bart along with them.  Sally and Anabel had not returned from visiting with Pearl so there was no one to ask her any questions.  Amelia stayed in her garden until it was dark. She came in to have a quick supper alone and retreated to her room.
Her room was quiet and dark and she was looking forward to more contemplation alone.  Unfortunately, Amelia was not going to be left alone.  Robert was waiting for her again.
“I told you to lock your window, my sweet.”  He said wearing his cocky smile.  
“What are you doing in here again, Robert?  I thought we had an understanding that this would not happen anymore.”
“That’s funny; I don’t remember stating any such thing.  I told you that I meant to be alone with you, and here I am.” He was still smiling.
“No.” Amelia said pointing to the window.
“Please, Amelia let me spend the night.”  He said slightly less sure of himself.  “I will make no unwanted advances on you.”
“No jokes.” She said.
“I will be on my best behavior.” He said.  “Now Sally just drew the hot water for your bath.” Amelia wrinkled her brow. “Don’t worry, she didn’t see me.  Let me bathe you.”
Amelia looked suspicious.  “I’m not sure about this.”  She said.
“Just give me a chance to prove my intentions.”
“Alright” she said and held a finger in the air.  “But if you make me regret this.”
“You won’t.”  He said and he took her elbow and led her to the bathroom with the stark white marble tile covering the walls and floor.
Robert stood behind her and began undoing the stays of her gown and undid her undergarments.  He traced the marks on her back, remembering the first time he saw them on her.	
“Does your brother know?” He asked running a finger down an old scar.
“I keep them covered.  Only Sally has seen, and you.” She replied.  No hint of fear or remorse in her voice.
“He failed you.” Robert spoke softly stepping around to face her.  “And so did I” He touched her chin and tilted her face to look into her eyes.  “I should have done better.  I should have gone back to that house the night I first saw these and fought for your honor.  I should have...”
“I didn’t need you to fight for me.” She interrupted him. “I needed a way to escape, and that is what you provided.” Robert smiled at her.  The lady in front of him was brave and determined, how could he not fall in love with her. 
He knelt in front of her and slowly rolled down her stockings one leg at a time caressing her bare skin.  Once he had her completely undressed he helped her into the tub of hot soapy water and undid her hair letting her red curls tumble free.  Robert took off his vest and rolled up his sleeves.  Gently he washed her hair with her lilac scented soap.   Her silky skin glistened in his hands.  Robert wanted nothing more than to caress her body, but instead he bathed her quietly.  He enjoyed having her so close; she wasn’t screaming at him and she wasn’t running from him.
“Alright, let’s get you dressed for bed.”  Robert stood up, grabbed her towel, and held it open for her.  “Where is your nightgown, my lady.”  
“On the bed.” She replied.  He returned with the garment draped over his shoulder.  Robert held her hands and kissed them, leading her to the bedchamber.
“Do you trust me to stay the night?”
She sighed and said “Fine you can stay.  But what will you sleep in?”
“Nothing.”
“No.” She said.
“I generally don’t sleep in anything.” He said with his sideways grin.”
“Alright, but you must leave before sun up.”
“Agreed.”  He said and slowly he stripped off his clothing.
Amelia watched him undress.  Her eyes intently following every one of his movements.  He smiled when her eyes grew wider.
	“Does my lady enjoy watching me undress?”  He asked.  Her fascination with his soon to be naked body quickly turned to a scowl. “Should I undress behind your screen like a nervous bride on her wedding night?”
“Why do you insist on teasing me?”  She asked.
“I could ask you the same, my lady.”  Robert leaned in close and put a hand in Amelia’s hair drawing her mouth to his.  
Amelia placed her hands on his shoulders and pushed him away.  “No kissing.”  She said.  “I know how this night will end if we begin with a kiss.”
“Whatever makes you happy, my love.” He ran his thumb down her cheek and smiled softly at her.  
Amelia laid down on her bed and pulled the covers up to her chest.  Robert crawled in next to her and pulled her into his arms.  Amelia laid her head on his chest and Robert stroked her hair.  He felt her body relax in his arms, something he wasn’t sure she would ever do again in his presence.
“I know I have done you a great injustice, but I am earnest when I tell you that I love you.  I should never have asked you to be my mistress.  I was a coward and a fool.  Amelia, marry me in the morning and I will spend the rest of my life making up for my past sins.”  Soft snores escaped her in response.  “Well,” he said.  “I will just have to think of something better to say tomorrow.”  Robert relaxed, closed his eyes and joined Amelia in slumber.
Light was streaming into Amelia’s room. Robert was kissing her shoulders as he pressed his manhood into her behind.
“No, no, no.” Amelia gasped.’’
“My lady, if a lovely woman rubs her beautiful round rear into me all night I am not responsible for what might happen.   There is a part of me that I just can’t control.”
“It’s morning.  You were supposed to leave before sun up.”
Amelia’s door opened, and Sally walked in with clean linens.
“Mr. Deacon!” She gasped as she shut the door.  “You promised me you wouldn’t sneak in again.  You’re gonna get me sacked!”  
“Sally don’t worry.  I used the window this time.”  He said.
“Sally, how could you?”  Amelia questioned.
“I’m sorry, Miss.  Mr. Deacon made me promise not to tell you.  He paid me nicely.”  She replied.  Robert shrugged and grinned. 
Amelia took a deep breath.  “That’s all fine, but Robert needs to leave and not be seen.”  Amelia got out of bed and put on her dressing gown as she slipped her feet into her slippers.
“I’ll go out the way I came in.”  Robert said.
“No, my room is above George’s office.  He might see you.”
“C’mon.  I’ll take you out the servants’ stairs.  Lord Southerton never goes back there.”  Sally said.  Robert stood up to dress.  Sally gasped and turned red.  “Mr. Deacon!”  she hissed.
“Sorry, Sally.”  He said as Sally turned her back.  Hurriedly Robert dressed and Amelia put on a robe and slippers. 
 Sally poked her head into the hallway to make sure no one was there and the trio snuck out toward the servants’ stairs.
“I’ll see you this afternoon, my love.”  He said.
“Get out before someone sees you.”  Amelia said and Robert descended the stairs.
“Amelia, do you think you will marry him?”  Sally asked.
“I haven’t decided.”  Amelia said.
“That’s better than no.”  Robert’s voice echoed from the stairway.
Amelia took off her slipper and threw it after him.  “Be quiet you fool.” She said as he laughed.
The women turned to walk back.  “Lord Southerton is meeting with Mr. Clark right now.”  Sally said.
“Good.”  Amelia said.
“I’ll try and make a distraction so he won’t leave his office for a bit.”
“You do that.  Thank you Sally.”  Amelia rushed back into her room.
Smiling, Sally skipped down to Lord Southerton’s office.  She went inside to pretend to dust.  She saw Lord Southerton scowl at her.  She knew Lord Southerton did not like being interrupted by the servants while conducting business.  She saw their meeting was concluding and Mr. Clark rose to leave.  Sally caught his eye and shook her head no.
“George what are you doing tonight?”  Mr. Clark asked.
“Going over some contracts and paperwork probably.”  George said.
“You’re going to die under a pile of paperwork.  Why don’t you come to the club for a game of cards and a few drinks?”
“Sounds good.”  George said.  “Now if you’ll excuse me.”
“Umm, Mr. Clark?”  Sally said and both men paused in their tracks to stare at her.  Her heartbeat quickened as she stood in Lord Southerton’s scrutinizing gaze.  Sally’s hands began to shake. “I, uh, was wondering if your new business venture was profiting?”  She said smiling, very proud of herself for thinking up something so quickly.
“Sally, that’s such an impertinent question.”  George said to her.  His eyes narrowed and his face reddened slightly.
“No, it’s alright, George.  Sally gave me some money to invest.  It’s only a natural question.”
“On your own time, Sally.”  George said through clenched teeth.
“Oh, but Miss Amelia said I was free for a bit and I thought since Mr. Clark was here.”
Mr. Clark put his arm around the girl and drew her away from her irate employer.  “Your investment is doing fine.  In fact, when you have a free afternoon I will take you to my accountant and we can discuss your financial future.  You have a nice little nest egg.”  Sally smiled at both men.
“I’m late for an appointment.”  George grumbled as he stormed out the door.
As soon as he was out of earshot Mr. Clark said “Sally, you must be careful.  Men like Southerton demand respect from their subordinates.  You need to be on your best behavior when he is around.”
“I know, but Miss Amelia had a visitor she didn’t want Lord Southerton to find out about.”
“I’m sure Mr. Deacon made it out just fine.”
Sally wrinkled her brow.  “You know about Miss Amelia and Mr. Deacon?”
Mr. Clark snorted.  “Thanks to those chattering idiot Potter sisters, everyone knows about Lady Southerton and Mr. Deacon.”
“Well, with any luck I’ll be moving to a new household when Miss Amelia gets married.”  Sally smiled.
“With any luck, you won’t have to work at all.”  He said.  Sally looked confused.  “Sally, your investments have done well.  You should be able to live off them comfortably.”
Sally’s smile grew wider.  “I’ve always wanted to be a rich lady.”  Mr. Clark laughed at the young maid and took his leave. Sally went back upstairs to help Amelia get dressed.  

Chapter 18
Later that afternoon Robert arrived to call on Amelia.  She met him in the parlor.
“I’ve come to take you riding.”  He said.
“My brother is not home.  I don’t think he would want me to go anywhere with you unchaperoned.”
“That’s alright.  I brought Pearl.”  When he sensed her hesitation, he said “Come on Amelia. It’s just ridding.” He teased playfully
“Alright.”  She smiled. “Let me get changed.”  She said.
“Ah, before you go,” Robert reached inside his coat and pulled out the slipper she had thrown at him that morning.  She grabbed it out of his hands and ran up the steps.
She appeared a short time later wearing the same ridding habit she wore to his office a few days prior. He smiled and leaned in closely so only she could hear him.
“The last time you wore that you were riding me.
“Mr. Deacon!”  she gasped.
“Amelia my love, I only tease you because you blush so beautifully.” He gave her hand a playful squeeze.
“You are incorrigible.” She replied, turning her face to hide her smile.
“I have to be.  It’s the only way to get you to talk to me.  Now let’s go for that ride.”  He held out his arm and escorted her outside.  “Is it too much to ask that you might ride me again later?”  He asked with a wicked grin.
Amelia raised one eyebrow “I do not think so.”  She said.  Robert wasn’t sure, but he thought she was smiling.
Pearl was waiting outside with the horses.  Amelia mounted her ride.
“I know a lovely little place to go.”  Amelia said.  “Follow me.”  
Robert and Pearl mounted their horses and followed Amelia. They passed the houses and a crowded street to Amelia’s out of the way meadow with brightly colored wildflowers.  The sky was clear and the weather was perfect for riding. 
“Let’s race.”  Amelia suggested.
“Come on Pearl, this sounds like fun.”  He said.
“No, I think I’d rather stay behind.”  Pearl grumbled.
Amelia smiled and kicked her horse to move.
“That’s not fair.”  Robert said.  “I didn’t know you were starting.”  And he chased after her.  He tried his best to get his horse to follow, but the skittish beast had other plans.  Robert cursed his luck for choosing the wrong horse that morning.  Pearl despised riding horses and he had given his sister the tamer of the horses.  He thought he had the better of the pair, but as his stallion trotted in circles he saw how wrong he was.
Amelia laughed as she sped along.  She figured that Pearl had planned to stay back and Robert would take advantage of them being alone.  Amelia decided that she would make Robert work for the privilege of being alone with her.  She knew her horse had less weight to carry than Robert’s steed and she was extremely familiar with the terrane.  Amelia glanced over her shoulder.  Robert struggled to keep up and Amelia urged her horse faster.
Robert watched as Amelia road further into the distance.  His horse refused to cooperate with him and continued to slow down.  Something had startled the horse and the beast rose on its hind legs.  Robert lost his grip in the reigns and fell from the horse; his head hit the ground. His last sight was of the clear blue sky before the darkness overtook him.
Amelia made it to the end of the field and turned her horse so she would be able to see Robert coming.  She saw Robert’s horse with no rider and Amelia rushed back the way she came.  She saw Robert laying on the ground.  Thinking this was another one of Robert’s tricks, Amelia laughed at him and shouted for him to get up.  Amelia dismounted and knelt beside him.
“Robert, stop joking around.”  She said expecting him to grab her around her waist and pull her to the ground.  When he didn’t stir, she decided to shake his shoulders, but she noticed a little blood trickling from the back of his head.  She screamed for help.  “Robert, please wake up.  Open your eyes.”  She pleaded.  Pearl came along on her horse.  “Pearl, get help.  Robert must have fallen from his horse and I think he is hurt badly.”
Pearl sped back to town and Amelia waited for what seemed like a lifetime for her friend to return.  Pearl returned with a doctor and two other men who had the rough appearance of stable hands.  The men rounded up Robert’s horse and lift him up on the beast.  Amelia mounted Robert’s horse and held his limp body against her own. The party returned to Robert’s town home and the stable hands carried Robert into his bed.  The doctor went in to look after his patient.  Pearl and Amelia waited nervously in the hall.  
“Will he be alright?”  Amelia asked as the doctor came out of the room.  She chewed on her thumb as she waited for him to answer.
“I’ve cleaned the wound and bandaged it, but he is still unconscious.”
“When will he wake up?”  Pearl asked.
“It’s hard to say with head trauma.  He could wake up in an hour or several days.”
Amelia rushed into the room to see him.  Robert lay on the bed helpless.  She watched his chest rise and fall with each breath. Pearl was at her side.
“Go home.  It’s getting late and your brother will worry.  Come back in the morning.” Pearl said.
“No, I’m staying.” Her eyes fixated on Robert.
“Amelia, if you stay your reputation will be ruined.”
“I don’t care. This is my fault.”  Amelia protested.
“You didn’t make him ride today and you didn’t cause the fall.”  Amelia ignored Pearl and pulled a red arm chair up to Robert’s bedside.  “The two of you are stubborn and deserve each other.”  Pearl said as she walked into the hall.  “Please inform Lord Southerton that Lady Southerton will be staying with us indefinitely while she cares for my brother.”  She informed a passing servant.  Pearl glanced over her shoulder to see Amelia undressing Robert.  Pearl left shaking her head.
Amelia kept her silent vigil over Robert.  She fussed with his blankets, checked bandaging, and brushed hair out of his face.  Servants would come and go with food and drink, but Amelia continued to stare at Robert.  Someone in the doorway cleared their throat.  Amelia looked up to see Sally standing there.  Sally’s hair hung down her back and she appeared to be wearing the same uniform as all of Robert’s servants.
“Sally, what are you doing here?”  She asked.
“I thought you might need me.”  Sally said with a soft smile.
“No, I’m fine.  What time is it?”  Amelia asked.
“A little after three in the morning.
“What are you doing up at this ungodly hour, Sally?  You should be sleeping.”
“So should you.”
“Was my brother angry?”  Amelia asked.
Sally ceased smiling. She looked at the floor.  “He was drunk, miss.”
“Georgie doesn’t drink.” Amelia stated wrinkling her brow.
“He did last night.”  Sally said.  “Have you eaten anything?”  She continued quickly to change to subject.  Sally walked over to the food trays and fixed her mistress a sandwich from the cold meat and bread.  
Pearl entered the room. She also had dark circles under her eyes.  Her eyes appeared red and slightly puffy as if she had been crying. “I thought I heard voices.  I was hoping Robert woke up.” 
Amelia shook her head no as Sally pressed food into her hands.
“Here, let me get you a drink.  I know where Robert keeps his sherry.  Sally, make sure the fire is still going.”  Pearl said.  
Amelia wanted to refuse the sherry, but Pearl insisted.  The room was warm, her belly was full and thanks to the sherry Amelia’s body was starting to feel warm and cozy.  She curled her feet underneath her and her eyes slowly drifted shut.  She felt someone throwing a blanket on top of her but she was drifting off into a dreamless sleep.
 Robert woke to a bright light shining from the window, his head was pounding.  He tried to open his eyes, but everything was hurting him.  Finally, he managed to open one eye and he was not sure where he was.  He would have to stop drinking himself into oblivion he thought, but he was having trouble recalling the last time he drank.  He tried to sit up, but his entire body hurt like he had taken a beating the night before.
“What in the bloody hell did I do last night?” He asked out loud.
Amelia stirred from her sleep.  She opened her eyes to see Robert struggling to sit up in his bed. “Robert! You’re awake.”  She kissed him on the forehead.
“Lee?  What are you doing here?  I thought you left.”  He said confused at her presence.
“No, I came back with Pearl and the doctor.”  Amelia wrinkled her nose at the sound of her old name.
“What doctor Lee, what are you talking about?”
“Robert,” Amelia paused to study his confusion.  She brushed the hair from his face and smiled softly. “You fell from your horse and hit your head yesterday afternoon. We weren’t sure when you would wake up.”
They heard George’s voice in the hallway.  “I don’t care if he’s not conscious.  My sister is still here.”  George yelled as he stormed into the bedroom followed by an anxious Pearl and a few servants.  His clothing appeared rumpled and his hair was unkempt.  “Amelia I’ve had enough of your nonsense.  I don’t care if you don’t love him, you spent the night.  You must marry him.”
“Yes George, but”
“I don’t want to hear anymore.” George said.
“There is a problem, George.”  Amelia said and sat on the edge of the bed.  She lightly placed her hand on the top of Robert’s.
“Southerton?” Robert asked.  “Yes, we went to school together.”  Robert looked at Amelia and said, “He’s your George?”
Amelia looked away from George and stared into Robert’s eyes. She brushed away stray hair from his forehead. “Robert, what was the last thing you said to me?”  She asked.
Robert tightened his fingers around hers and brought them to his lips and kissed them.  “Lee, what I said was ugly and I don’t want to say them to you again.” He looked away from her.  “Do you think you could find it in your heart to forgive me?”  His breath catching in his throat as he spoke.
“Where do you think you are?” Pearl asked.
“My room.” He said at first but looked confused.  “No, wait that’s not right.  I haven’t slept in my room.  I’ve been in Lee’s room.” Robert looked around the unfamiliar room with the burgundy drapes and azure painted walls.  Panic crept into Robert’s voice. “This isn’t my room.  Pearl, what is going on?  There was a fire wasn’t there?  What’s going on.  Someone tell me now!”  He demanded.
Amelia wrapped her arms around him.  “It’s alright now.” She said trying to calm him down.   Amelia ran her fingers through his hair and kissed the top of his head.  “Be useful Georgie, go and get the doctor.” She ordered her brother giving him a sideways glance.
“How do you know Lord Southerton, Lee?  And why does he want us to marry so badly?”  Robert asked as George left to get the doctor.
“Shh, don’t worry about it right now.  Let the doctor get here first and we’ll explain everything.”  Amelia stoked his cheek and kissed it.
“You’ve forgiven me?” He asked.
“Yes.” She said. “Close your eyes and relax love.”
“But Lee what is going on?”
“I’m not answering any questions until the doctor gets here.”  She said.  He laid his head on her chest and waited patiently while he listened to the sound of her heartbeat.
The doctor arrived with George on his heels.  The physician looked over Robert.
“Everything looks fine, he’s badly bruised, nothing looks broken, but it seems the young man has some memory loss from his accident.”  The doctor said.
“Will he ever regain it?”  Amelia asked.
The man shrugged his shoulders. “Call for me if things get worse.”
“Now, will you all explain what is going on?”  Robert asked looked from his sister to Amelia waiting for them to explain.
Amelia explained what happened when she left and her relationship to George.  Pearl told him what happened with their club and where they were now.  Finally, George explained why Robert was expected to marry Amelia.
“And I do not want to hear that you can’t remember doing anything with her as an excuse to break your contract.”  George said.
“Contract?”  Amelia asked.  “You already signed a marriage contract?”
“Yes, Robert was so confident you would marry him that he signed one shortly after his arrival in town.” George was still frowning.
“This is quite a bit to take in.”  Robert said.  “I would like a moment alone with Lee, I mean Amelia.”
Pearl and George left the room.  Amelia looked at Robert and said, “I don’t expect you to honor a contract you don’t remember signing.”
“Really?”  Robert said.  “I was going to ask if you would like to get married today.”  He smiled at her.  “I love you Lee.  I remember that much.”  Robert squeezed her hand. 
“No one would come out today.  It’s too soon.” Amelia said.
“Why not, the contract has been signed, you’ve agreed, and we have witnesses.  Why wait any longer?”  He said.
“You foolish man.”  She said and laughed at him.  “I’ll tell George you don’t want to wait.  He’ll be pleased.”
George knocked on the door and entered.  “Amelia, I must insist you come back home with me.”
“Find someone to perform the ceremony, Georgie.  I’ll marry Mr. Deacon today.”  Amelia smiled.  “I’ll send Sally back to find something to wear.”
“I’ll go over.” Pearl said.  “Sally can stay and help you get ready, but you should really get some rest first.”
George agreed to find a minister and Pearl left in search of a suitable gown.  Before he left the Deacon’s townhome, George searched for Sally.  He found the maid alone in a darkened hallway off the kitchen.  He grabbed the startled young woman’s arm and pulled her close.
“I gave you an order not to leave last night.” He whispered.  His lips so close to her ear they that they grazed her earlobe.  Sally shuddered.
“It was early morning when I left.” She replied refusing to look at him.
“Look at me when I talk to you.”  He shook her as he spoke.  She returned his gaze and at that moment, he wished she hadn’t.  Those sweet innocent eyes that had mesmerized him were clouded over with anger.  Sally yanked her arm free and turned to leave.  “Sally, wait!” he shouted, he reached for her waist and pulled her close.  “Go back to the house and wait for me.” He placed his hands on her face and ran a thumb across her cheek.  “Please.”
Sally’s lip trembled as she pushed George away.  “I don’t take orders from you or anyone else, Lord Southerton.”  She ran as fast as she could away from George Southerton.
“But I need you, Sally.” George said so softly that he wasn’t even sure he had said the words out loud.  He stood waiting for her to change her mind and come back, when Sally never returned he left the hallway.
At three in the afternoon George had a minister in Robert’s drawing room.  With the help of Sally and Pearl, Robert struggled down the stairs to enter the room; his back was hurting him and his legs ached.  He waited nervously for Amelia.  The doors to the drawing room opened and Amelia walked in on George’s arm.  Pearl had found her a powder blue gown to wear. Robert smiled as she walked in. Amelia took his arm and stood beside him. Sally, Pearl, and George stood off to the side to bear witness.  The ceremony was quick and Robert was glad.  After the ceremony, Amelia spoke briefly to her brother.
“I’ll send for my things later, George.  I’d like to be alone with my husband right now.”
“What made you change your mind?” he asked his sister.
“Holding on to all the anger I had was changing me into someone I did not want to be.  Life is too short for grudges and anger, George.  I didn’t want to be bitter anymore.”  She said.  “Besides, you were going to make me marry him anyway.”  She smiled.
“Would you like some company, Lord Southerton?”  Pearl asked.  “I could go with you.”
“If you don’t mind, I would like to be alone as well.”  George said.  He looked at Sally sadly and he took his leave. 
Amelia led Robert up the stairs.  She stopped to ask Sally to pack her things at her brother’s home.  Before entering their bedchamber, Robert stopped Amelia.
“I should carry you over the threshold.”  He said to her.
“I think it would be fine if we skip that.” She replied as she led him to the bed and began undressing him.
“Be gentle with me, my love.  I did fall from a horse just yesterday.”  He said with his teasing grin.
“We could wait till you are feeling better.”  She said in jest.
“No, my lady.  I could not wait a moment longer to make love to you again.”  He said.  “I don’t care if we have the rest of our lives together.  I will never have enough of you.”  Robert kissed his lady passionately.






















Epilogue

Later that evening Pearl and Sally sat at the small kitchen table together.  Nancy was pouring them a cup of tea.
“What happened when you went to collect Amelia’s things?”  Pearl asked Sally.
Sally was tired and didn’t want to answer any more questions from her friend.  Her shoulders slumped, dark circles were under her eyes, and she wanted to go back to bed. “Most of her things were already packed up by Lord Southerton’s staff.  I had some of the staff help me bring her belongings over.  I’m sure there are few things we missed.”  Sally ran her finger around the edge of her teacup.  She didn’t make any eye contact with Pearl.
“That’s not what I’m talking about, and you know it.”  Pearl said with a raised eyebrow.  She took a sip of her tea and put the cup back down.  Pearl waited patiently for Sally to speak.
“He was in his office.”  Sally tapped her fingers on the tabletop lightly.  Pearl crossed her arms and tilted her head.  “Lord Southerton was drinking again.” Sally said.
“More than last night?”  Pearl asked and Sally nodded.  She still wouldn’t look Pearl in the eye.  “And?”  Pearl asked taking another sip of tea.
“I went to talk to him.”  Sally sighed.  Pearl wiggled her eyebrows.  Sally closed her eyes and continued.  “He saw me and didn’t move.  He called me a witch, Pearl.” A tear rolled down her cheek, Sally covered her eyes with her hand.
“There are worse things to be called, Sally.”  Pearl said plainly.
Sally rubbed her eyes with the palm of her hand, trying her best to hide the tears that were escaping her eyes.  “And then he tried to get me to stay another night with him. So” she took a deep breath and sighed.  Her body shuddered as she did her best to regain control of her emotions. “I left.”  
“Just like that, you left him there without of word?”
“Yes.”  Sally said and shrugged her shoulders.   Pearl continued to with her icy stare causing Sally to wiggle in her seat.   “There was nothing to say to him, Pearl.”  Sally shouted. Nancy glared at Sally making her feel like a misbehaved child.  Sally’s shoulders began to shake as she sobbed.  Nancy put an arm around the young woman.  “I walked out.” Sally spoke softer this time.
“Are you going to say something to Amelia?”  Pearl asked.
Sally crossed her arms and frowned.  Looking up at Pearl, Sally did the best to compose herself. “Are you going to tell Amelia that your brother James forced her cousin to marry him?”  Sally asked.
“You both need to let Miss Amelia and Mr. Deacon have their time together.  Neither one of them need to be bothered by any of this other business right now.”  Nancy clucked. She stood next to Sally and rubbed the girl’s back. 
Sally sighed again.  She smiled at Nancy for providing the motherly comfort.  “I’d feel better if Amelia never finds out.”  She pleaded with Pearl.
“I’ll never tell a soul, dear.”  Pearl replied. “But what if the great Lord Southerton decides to tell his sweet sister what he did.”
“He wouldn’t dare.”  Sally hissed.  “Besides, he’d be too embarrassed to breathe a word of what took place.”
Someone tapped on the window of the back door.  Anabel opened the door and bounced into the kitchen.  A large smile was on the girl’s face.
“Sally Spade!”  The girl squealed as she jumped up and down.  “Are you ready for our big adventure?”
Sally put her head in both hands and shook her head no.  She was not ready.
