

Wicked Lies


Prologue:
	Sally gripped the rail of the luxury liner she and Anabel Potter were traveling on.  Her blond curls framing her face, blew in the gentle night breeze.  Slight in stature, Sally was repeatedly mistaken for a young girl and not the wealthy widow she was.  The journey, smoother than her last trip aboard a cargo ship, was still causing her stomach to turn.  Sally had convinced herself that she wanted to travel the world, but each time her stomach rolled with the movement of the ship she wished she had stayed with the Deacons.  Robert Deacon had taken Sally in when she was young and homeless.  She had stayed by his side and completed any task he or his sister Pearl had asked her.   Sally watched Robert and his wife Amelia interact together, she didn’t want to admit to anyone that watching the loving couple caused her heartache.  Sally’s marriage had been short; she and her late husband had been friends, but there was no love.  She wanted what Robert and Amelia had.  Standing on the ship’s deck, Sally wondered if her decision had been rash.  Traveling back to England, pretending to be a wealthy American heiress seemed more like an impetuous mistake.  She was an heiress she reminded herself, she wasn’t American.  Her gut tightened again and rolled with the movement of the ship.  She told herself it was only the motion of the boat, but deep inside Sally was wracked with a pang of nervous guilt.  Someone was sure to recognize her as the little pickpocket that worked in Diablo’s whorehouse. She wrinkled her brow at her silly thought, no one in polite society would accost a stranger about being a thief or a whore.  Straightening her spine and squaring her shoulders, Sally reminded herself that she could be the woman she pretended to be.   Still, her self-confidence did nothing to help her motion sickness.
Anabel’s joyful exuberance was not helping Sally’s anxiety during their travel.  Although the two women were close in age, Anabel’s childlike innocence at times irritated Sally’s nerves.  While neither of the women came from high society, Anabel’s father had gained wealth quickly sparing no expense on any of his daughters.  Anabel’s lack of refinement was evident in every way, making Sally wonder if everyone saw her as a charlatan as well.
	“Sally!” Anabel squealed behind Sally.
	“Miss Potter,” Sally shouted, her accent sounding foreign in her ears. “You must call me Mrs. Clark in public. And one does not sneak up on others.” She turned to face Anabel.  Seeing the hurt look on Anabel’s face immediately caused Sally to regret her choice of words.  “I’m sorry, Anabel.”  Sally whispered.  “I shouldn’t have shouted at you.  I’m not feeling well.”
	“It’s alright.  I shouldn’t have startled you.” Anabel replied.  “Maybe you should lie down?  It’s not like you to let someone sneak up on you.”
	Sally’s mouth tightened into a thin line.  It wasn’t like her to allow someone to sneak up on her.  Only when she wasn’t feeling well did anyone ever surprise her.  “You’re right.  Perhaps I should lie down.”  Sally patted Anabel on the arm.  She smiled to herself as she walked toward her room.  Her voice, manner, the accent had all changed so much in the past few months there wouldn’t be anyone in England that would recognize the pickpocket Sally Spade.

Chapter 1

	Sally Spade stood in front of Jack Pointer’s filthy desk.  Coins were stacked up in the middle of the desk.  Chipped empty dishes with dried bits of food littered the edges of the desk. Old newspapers were crumples on the floor.  Sally’s matted hair was tucked underneath her cap and her threadbare clothing hung loosely from her frame; Sally’s large blue eyes following Jack’s hands as he counted out the piles of coins on the desktop.  A greedy smile spread on his thin lips.  He had stringy black hair, rotten teeth, bad breath, and blotch skin.  She pulled a diamond crusted pocket watch from her boot and tossed it onto the table with the money.  Jack sat counting everything.  
	“Miss Spade, what else did you bring me tonight?”  He said with a grin.  Sally dumped three large purses full of coins, four pocket watches, and six rings on the table.
	Jack went through everything, counted every bit, and tossed Sally a few coins.  “Keep up the good work.”  He said pointing to the door. 
	No matter how much Sally brought back, Jack always gave her the same amount to take away.
	She started to grumble.  “That’s more than last night and the night before.  I want my fair share.”
	Jack shook his head and clicked his tongue.  “Sally, Sally, Sally.  We feed you, don’t we?”
	“Yes.”  She said.  Although the food was slightly better than what she was fed in the workhouse, it was still meager.
	“We provide you with a safe place to sleep, don’t we?”
	Again, Sally answered “yes.”
	“And we protect you, don’t we?”
	“Yes.”  She said again.
	“It breaks my heart to hear that you think I’m cheating you.”  He smiled at her showing his rotten teeth.  “Now, if you would like to make a few more coins I do have a special job for you.”  He said gesturing to his lap.
	Sally wrinkled her nose, she felt her stomach churn as bile rose in her throat.  She had no intention of letting Jack or anyone else touch her.  She drew her lips together in a tight line.  Sally knew Jack was cheating her, but she knew Jack played dirty.  She turned to leave Jack’s little office.
	“Where are you off to, Miss Spade?”  He asked her.

	“Bed.” She answered, but Sally was off to make money of her own.  She broke Jack’s number one rule.  She went out without telling anyone where she was going.
	Sally headed to a gentleman’s club named Diablo’s.  The night was early, and she stood a good chance of making money for herself.  She hid in the shadows and waited for the doors of the club to open.  Slowly she crept up to an inebriated gentleman.  A large arm wrapped around her waist and hoisted her in the air.  Sally was thrown over the man’s shoulder as she punched, kicked, and screamed to be let go.  She was taken into the club thought the back entrance and tossed onto a hard kitchen chair. Sally glanced around her quickly, the room was clean and lit by a fire.  She was alone with her assailant.  The broad-shouldered man peered at her.  He had piercing blue eyes and light brown shoulder length.
	“So, you’re the little urchin who has been stealing from me.”  He said.
	“I ain’t stealing from you.”  She replied.  Sally pulled her feet off the floor as she tried to tuck them under her.
	“You steal from my clients and that makes them unhappy.  When they are not happy, they don’t come back here to spend their money with me.  So yes, you are stealing from me.”
	“Are you going to take me to jail?”  Sally asked.  She glanced at the door and wondered if she might be able to jump out of her chair quick enough to get away from the large man.
	“No.”  He said.  He leaned closer and put his hands on the arms of the chair.  Sally’s escape was blocked.  “What’s your name.”
	“Spade.”  She said.  She had picked the name herself when she was younger.  She had liked the shape on the card.
	“That’s a terrible name for a girl.”  He said.
Sally’s face turned white.  She had been binding her breasts for as long as she had them.  She always pretended to be a boy.  Jack was one of the few who knew she was a young woman, but he had warned her that there would come a day when she would no longer be able to pass for a boy.  Jack explained to her in great detail what men did with young women.
	“How did you know I’m a girl?”  She asked cautiously.
	The man shrugged his large shoulders and said, “Because you feel like a girl.”  Sally’s eyes went wide.  “How old are you, twelve, thirteen?”  He asked.
	“I’m fifteen.”  She said, and she took off her cap to let the tangled mess of hair fall around her shoulders.

	“Ah.”  He said.  He took her arms and hoisted Sally up to her feet.  “Come with me.  You are working off your debt.”
	“No, no, no!”  She screamed.  “I don’t want to do this.”  She tried to push away from him, but he continued to pull her along.  Sally pleaded.  “Please, I won’t come back here.  I promise.  Just don’t make me do anyfin’ for those men.”  She cried.  Real tears started to stream down her face leaving dirty streaks in their path.
	The man stopped pulling her and looked Sally in the eye.  “I’m not,” he started.  “I wouldn’t force someone to” he continued.  “Girls come here begging to work for me.”  He sounded a little offended.  “I need a new scullery maid.”  He said.  “No one will touch you here.”  
	Sally stopped struggling.  “Oh.”  She said.  “I’ve never cleaned nuffin.”  She said.
	“Well, that’s obvious.”  He said giving the girl and her dirty clothing a once over.  “My name is Robert Deacon.  Some of the girls and patrons call me Diablo.”
	“Sally Spade.”  She said.  “But everyone calls me Spade.”  Sally said grinning.
	“Collecting strays again, Robert?”  A woman with dark blue almost violet eyes and blue-black hair said.  She was stunning with porcelain skin but looked like she never smiled a day in her life.  
	“Oh, come now, Pearl.  If I didn’t collect strays, you wouldn’t be here.”  Robert said to the woman.
	“Miss Sally, this is Pearl.”  Robert said gesturing to the woman behind him.  “If I am not here, you will take direction from Pearl.  Understood?”
	Sally nodded and extended a small hand to Pearl.  “Ello, Miss Pearl.”
	Pearl looked at the dirty hand and the filthy creature attached to it.  “I don’t think so.”  Pearl said.  Sally wrinkled her nose.
	“Pearl, why don’t you take Miss Sally upstairs to bathe.  Get her something clean to wear and something to eat.”  He said looking the girl over again.  “It looks like it has been a while since she had a hot meal.”  Robert said.
	“Robert, I have work to do.”  Pearl snapped. 
	“Pearl, please do as I asked.”  He said sternly.
	Pearl grabbed Sally by the elbow took the girl upstairs.  A short time later Sally was scrubbed, fed, and given new clothes to wear.  Pearl didn’t have the patience to comb all the tangles out of Sally’s hair, so she decided to cut a good portion of it off.  Sally’s new locks hung just under her chin. 
When Sally complained, Pearl snapped “It’s hair it will grow back.”

	Pearl led Sally to Robert’s office.  She gave the girl a push and slammed the door.  
	“Ah much better.”  He said looking at Sally who looked more like an innocent child than a vulgar little pickpocket.   Sally mumbled under her breath.  “What was that Sally?”  he asked.  He grinned as Pearl rolled her eyes.
	“That witch” Sally yelled pointing a finger at Pearl, “cut my hair off!”
	“This witch says you should be thrown out on your ass.” Pearl shouted back.
	Sally screamed and lunged at Pearl.  Robert quickly ran to catch Sally around the waist.  “I’m gonna rip your hair out whore and see how you like it.”
	“Robert control your little beast before I take it outside and shoot it.”  Pearl screamed.  Sally flailed in Robert’s arms struggling to get free.
	“Pearl, she’s just a child.”  Robert said.
	“I’m not a child.”  Sally screamed.
	“You see, she’s a rabid dog.”  Pearl said.
	“Have some compassion Pearl.  You’ve been in her situation.  You know what happens to girls on the streets.”  
	Pearl’s face changed.  All the anger was replaced by deep pain.  She watched the girl struggle in Robert’s arms.  She was so small; Sally didn’t stand a chance against a full-grown man.
	“Fine,”  Pearl said.  “If she bites me I bite her back.”  She left the room, slamming the door behind her again.  
	Once Pearl left Sally stopped struggling.  Robert placed her feet back on the ground and let go of her.  Sally looked at Robert; the stern expression on his face kept her quiet.  
	“You will be respectful in my house.  You will not threaten anyone or attack anyone.  Do you understand me?”  Robert said.  His tone was serious.
	Sally nodded, her eyes large and wide.  She wrinkled her brow again.  “What game are you playin, sir?  Why are you keeping me here?”
	“No games.”  He said, still sounding stern.  “You’ve stolen from several of my clients.  I’ve watched you for the past few weeks.  You owe me, and you will do honest work to pay me back.”
	“If you knew I what I was doing why didn’t you stop me sooner?” She asked.
	“I admire your work.”  He replied.  “Now let me show you where you will sleep.”    

	Robert took Sally up another set of steps to a small servants’ rooms.  The room was cozy with two beds and the walls were plain white. Everything was crisp, clean, and relatively new. Sally looked at the tidy beds and fireplace.  It was much nicer than the straw mat and dirty floor she slept on now.
	“Why are you being so nice to me?”  she asked.  Sally was still a little wary of Robert’s motives.
“You will be fed, given clean clothing and a place to sleep in my house if you work for me.” He replied.
“I can stay after I pay you back?”  She asked.
	“If you wish.”  He said.  “Good night Sally, you have a lot of work in the morning.”
	The next morning Pearl was dragging Sally out of her bed.  “Get up, get dressed, get something to eat, and be quick about it.”  Pearl said.  Her tone was icy as she rushed Sally about.  
	Sally had a few words in mind for Pearl, but she remembered Robert’s warning from the night before.  Sally kept her mouth clamped shut to hold back any insults.  Pearl lead sally to an empty game room inside the club.  The room was decorated in red and gold; statues of nude women were in every corner.  A large blond man was waiting for them.  He was a good head taller than Robert and his shoulders were much wider.
	“This is Sam,”  Pearl said introducing the man to Sally.  “He handles the members that get too rowdy.”  Sally looked up at the large man.  She thought Sam could pick her up and throw her across the room without any problem.
	“I don’t like this, Miss Pearl.  She’s small, I could hurt her easy.”  He said.  Sally stared at him; his brown eyes soft and kind.  Sally looked back at Pearl, not sure what Pearl had in mind for her.  She wanted to back away toward the door, but Pearl had her by the back of her shirt.
	“That’s exactly why she needs to learn, Sam.”  Pearl answered.  Sally was confused.  Pearl pointed a slender finger at burly Sam.  “Run at him as you did to me last night.”  Pearl ordered.
	“But Mr. Deacon said I can’t fight with nobody.”  Sally said doing her best to behave.
	“He also told you to do what I say.”  Pearl replied letting go of Sally.
	Sally tightened her mouth and narrowed her eyes at Pearl, but she remembered Robert’s warning.  “Fine,”  Sally said.  She took a few steps back and ran at Sam; he didn’t move an inch.  When Sally got closer, Sam held out his hand and knocked Sally on her backside.  Sally hit the floor with a loud thud.  
	“You’re getting even with me for last night aren’t you, witch?” Sally said.  Pearl smiled and shrugged. 

Sam reached down and hauled Sally up on her feet.
	“I told you I’d hurt her.”  He said.	
	“I’m not hurt.”  Sally snapped.  “Why are you doing this?”  She asked Pearl.
	Pearl put her hands on her hips and cocked her head to the side.  “Are you good at what you do?”  Pearl asked Sally.
	“I’m damn good.”  Sally said proudly.
	“Have you ever been caught before?” Pearl asked.
	“Last night’s the first time.”  Sally answered.
	“Are you in with a gang?”  Pearl asked.
	“Yeah, why?”
	“Who’s in charge, you?”  Pearl asked.
	Sally folded her arms across her chest.  “No, Jack is.”
	“Let me guess,” Pearl said.  “Jack keeps most of what you bring back, feeds you just enough to keep you alive and give you a grubby little hole to sleep in.”  Sally nodded.  “You’re his property, Sally.  And he’s going to want you back.”  Pearl paused and let her words sink in.  “Did he know where you were last night?”
Sally shook her head, no.  Her shoulders slumped as she realized that Jack would consider what she did last night stealing.  “No, I was mad at Jack for taking all my money.  I snuck out without telling him.”  She said with a hint of terror in her voice.  Sally remembered what Jack did to the last person who tried to leave their little group.
	Pearl understood; she knew men like Jack. They would use a person until there was nothing left.  “Robert will protect you as much as he can, but your friend Jack will wait for you to be alone and vulnerable.”
	Sally stared at Pearl wide-eyed, she started to shake.  One mistake would cost her everything.  Pearl took a deep breath and mumbled something.  Both Sam and Sally looked at her.
	“I said I’m going to help you.”  Pearl spoke much louder.  
	Sally wrinkled her brow.  She was sure the woman disliked her.  “Why?”  Sally asked.
	“I have my reasons.”  Pearl said, her arms crossed, and brows furrowed.  “Now, Sam is going to attack you and you are going to learn how to escape him.”
	“Don’t worry, miss,”  Sam said to Sally.  “I won’t be too rough on you.”

	“You will not make this easy for her, Sam.  Jack won’t go easy on her and she needs to be prepared.”  Pearl said.
	“I can do this.”  Sally said with determination.  Her arms were straight at her sides, her fists were balled up.  She looked up at Sam.  “I really can.  I’m ready.”
	Pearl nodded to Sam, the large man walked behind Sally and grabbed her tightly.  Sally was lifted off the ground and couldn’t move her arms.
	“What do I do?”  She asked Pearl.  Her voice squeaked as Sam squeezed her harder. 
 Pearl shook her head, Sally had to figure this out for herself.   Sally raised her right leg, swung it back as hard as she could, and connected with Sam’s knee.  He dropped the girl on the ground.  	
“Sorry,” Sally squealed again.  “I’m so sorry.”  She said to Sam.
	“I’ll be fine.” He grunted.
	“See, I knew she would learn fast.”  Pearl said.  She had a self-satisfied smirk on her face.  “Come along, there is real work to be done.”  She took Sally by the arm and lead her to another part of the house.
	“But I thought you were going to teach me more?”  Sally said.
	“I will.  But I can’t have you hurting our guard, so he can’t work tonight.  And you still have your end of the bargain with Robert to uphold.”  Pearl lead Sally to the kitchen to scrub pots and floors.
	Sally grumbled all day about the work but did what she was told.  She may not have wanted to take orders from people, but for the first time in her life, she was well-fed, clean, and safe.

Chapter 2
Sally had spent months working her debt for Robert.  Every evening before his club would open Sally would stop by his office and ask him how much more she owed him.  Robert had written her debt in a book and daily he would subtract a few numbers and show her.  
Every day started the same for her.  Pearl would get her up early and take her down to the club with Sam.  They would show her how to defend herself and how to fight back.  When she had learned to flip Sam over her head, Pearl was convinced Sally was trained well enough.  That evening Sally stopped by Robert’s office.
“How much more, Sir?”  she asked him.
Robert reached for his book and stopped.  He knew what Pearl and Sam were teaching Sally to do.  “I have another job for you, Sally.  You may not like it, but if you agree I will wipe your debt clean and you can go your merry way.”  Sally was intrigued and asked Robert what he had in mind for her.  “How are you with card games?”  He asked.
“I’m pretty good.”  She said smiling.
“Do you cheat?” He asked.  Sally grabbed her ear and stared at the floor. “So, the answer is yes.”  Robert chuckled.  Sally held her arms and bounced up and down.  “Can you tell if someone else is cheating?”  He asked her.
“I’ve seen enough cheaters, I know when it’s being done.  Why are you asking?”  Sally asked.
“I suspect one of the clients is cheating at the card tables.”  He said.
“So, throw em’ out on their aerse.”  Sally said.
“The problem is, Sally if I’m wrong I’ve lost a client.  And if word gets out that I wrongfully accused a client of cheating I could lose more.  But if I let the cheating continue then it will encourage others to cheat as well.”  Robert continued.
“What do you want from me?”  Sally asked.
Robert smiled.  His elbows were resting on his desk and he tapped his fingers together.  “Sally I would like you to watch the gentleman while he plays cards tonight.”  He said.
“Won’t he notice me watching him?”
“This is the part you may not like.”  He said.  “I would need you to dress like one of my girls.”  He watched Sally wrinkle her nose.
“You want me to dress like a whore?”

Robert smiled.  “You won’t have to do anything with anyone, Sally.  You will sit down next to this man and watch him play.  No one will think anything of it.”  He waited for her to respond.  She furrowed her brows and crossed her arms.  “I promise, Sally.  No one will harm you.  I need you only to watch this man.”
“If I dress up and sit next to this man you think is a cheater, you’ll forgive my debt and I can go where ever I want.”
“Yes Sally, you’ll be free to go.”
“You have a deal.”  Sally said with a smile.  She shook Robert’s hand.  “And what if I decide that I want to stay?”
Robert understood what Sally was asking.  “So, you want to work at my club.  I thought you didn’t want to be one of those girls?”  He teased. 
“That is not what I meant.”  She grumbled.
“I know what you meant, Sally.” He smiled at her.  “The same rules will apply.  No fighting and you will be expected to work.”  Sally nodded.  He knew she enjoyed having a clean place to sleep.  She also enjoyed eating, he watched her during mealtime and noticed that she would eat anything put in front of her.  Sally’s figure had filled out since she had been under his roof and she was looking more like a young woman instead of a boy.  Sally smiled at him and nodded. Robert rang for Peal and his partner entered his office.
“She agreed,”  Robert said to Pearl.  “Get her ready.”  
Pearl lead Sally out of the office and to another bedroom.  The curtains were drawn and a lamp on the bedside table was lit low. The walls were decorated in dark shades of violet and blue.  Pearl pushed Sally into a seat at the vanity and immediately started to fuss with the young woman’s hair.  Sally flinched, remembering the last time that Pearl tried to fix her hair.  There were no tangles this time and the comb slid through easily.  With her hair arranged and makeup on, Sally did not look like the creature parading as a boy that had entered the house only a few months ago.
	“I’ll see what I have that will fit you.”  Pearl said as she rifled through an old cedar chest at the foot of the bed.  Pearl pulled out a blue garment that was made of a filmy fabric and handed it to Sally.  Once the girl was dressed, Pearl led her to the floor and gave Sally a few last-minute instructions. 
 “Try not to speak unless someone speaks to you directly.”  Pearl said.  “If a man asks if you are free, you will tell him that your evening is booked.”  Sally nodded her head.  “That is the man Robert suspects is cheating us.”  Pearl said pointing to a gentleman sitting at a poker table.  “Sit as close to him as you can, get him to pay attention to you.  If you see he is cheating signal for Sam, Robert, or I to come over and we will handle everything.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, Miss Pearl.”  Sally said.  She hopped that Pearl didn’t see her legs shake.  
Sally’s stomach turned as she approached the gentleman Pearl pointed out.  There was an empty seat to his left, Sally stood behind the chair waiting for the man to notice her.  He was a younger man in his late twenties.  He was very slender with a receding hairline, and he was not dressed as nicely as the others.  He looked familiar to her, but she couldn’t place where she had seen him before.  The man looked up from his cards and smiled at her.
“Hello, miss?” 
“Sally.”  She answered him.
“And is Miss Sally any good at cards?”  He asked her.
“No.”  She said smiling as she batted her eyes.  “not at all.  But you are.”  She said acknowledging the winnings he had piled up in front of him.  “Do you mind if I have a seat?”  She asked him pointing to the empty chair.
“You can have a seat right here.”  He said and pulled her onto his lap.
Inwardly, Sally groaned.  She did not want his hands all over her and she wasn’t sure she would be able to watch him cheating from this angle.  Sally played along with him and hopped if he did try something with her Sam would be there to stop the man.
“I haven’t seen you in here before.”  He said to her.  “I would remember someone like you.”  
“I’m new.”  Sally smiled as she tried her best to flirt.  
The gentleman clumsily shifted Sally on his lap.  Sally bounced around more and grew angry.  There was no way she could do her job if she was going to be manhandled.  The gentleman continued to bounce Sally; she grabbed ahold of his arm to keep from falling off his lap and onto the floor.  When she clutched the sleeve of his jacket he flinched, Sally felt something underneath.  Sally clutched tighter.  The gentleman tried to shake his arm, Sally held tighter and pushed up his sleeve revealing a device used to conceal cards.  Others at the table took notice.
“Cheater!”  one of the other girls screamed and pointed a finger in their direction.
Sally was pushed to the floor as the gentleman tried to collect his ill-gotten winnings.  She brushed herself off as she got up.
	“You’re not getting away from me.”  Sally said through clenched teeth.  

She ran after him, Sally wanted to stop him before he reached the door.  She was able to grab the back of his jacket, the man stumbled.  He took a swing at her, Sally ducked and lunged for his legs.  He landed on his back with a loud thud.  Sally jumped on top of him and started to throw punches.  Pearl was behind her trying to drag Sally off the cheater.  
	“Damn it, Sally.”  Robert yelled.
	“I told you to signal one of us.”  Pearl yelled as she dragged the flailing Sally off the man.  Sam and Robert were dragging the man off the floor.
	“I didn’t have a chance to.”  Sally yelled back.
Robert was pulling the money out of the cheater’s pockets while Sam hit the man.  Sally stormed off to her room, she opened the window and climbed out onto the roof and sat down.  Sally watched the London street below, people scurrying in different directions while she watched them.  The night was clear and a little crisp, she didn’t feel the chill against her bare skin.  She heard her door open, Sam peaked his head out the window.  Sally wrapped her arms around her legs and hugged them close to her body.  She glanced at Sam and looked away out to the street.
	“What do you want, you come to yell at me too?”  she asked him.  
Sam stepped back into the room and came back out with a blanket in his hands.  He wrapped the blanket around her thin shoulders. Sam sat down next to her and hugged her.
	“You did good, Sal.”  He said.  Sally bent her head to keep Sam from looking at her face.  She wiped her eyes.
	“No one else seems to think so.”  She sniveled.  Sam held her a little closer.
	“You did what you thought was right.  You stopped someone from cheating.”  He gave her shoulder a light squeeze.  “Now, could you do me a favor?”  
“What?”  she asked as she wiped her nose.
	“Put more clothes on.  I can’t look at you like this.”  Sam said with a smile.
	“Why, don’t you think I’m pretty?”  She asked laughing at him.
	“No, you remind me of my sister.” He said, the smile fading from his face.
	“Oh.”  Sally said noticing the change in Sam’s demeanor.
	“Honestly, I don’t know how Mr. Deacon lets Miss Pearl walk around like that every night.”  He said.  “I just couldn’t do it.”
Sally wrinkled her brow. “What are you talking about?”  she asked him.

	“Miss Pearl is Mr. Deacon’s half-sister.  I was with Mr. Deacon when he found her a few years ago.”  He said.  Sally waited for him to tell her more, but Sam refused to elaborate.  “You won’t repeat what I’ve said.”  He warned.
	“Sam, did you find her?”  Robert’s voice was booming from the hall.
	“Yes, Sir.  She’s up here.”  Sam shouted back.
Robert poked his head out the window.  “Good God, Sally.  What are you doing up here?”  Robert asked.
	“I needed some air.”  Sally smiled.
	“Good.  Get dressed and come downstairs.”  Robert commanded.  Sam got upheld out his hand to help Sally up.  He left with Robert allowing Sally to put on something less revealing. 
	She met Robert, Sam, and Pearl in Robert’s office.  She wore the shirt and breaches she had arrived in.  They didn’t hang as loosely as they did before.
	“Did you enjoy yourself, Sally?”  Robert asked.
	“Everything but him squeezing me everywhere.”  Sally answered.
	“Good.  Sally do you want to stay here?”  Robert asked her.
	“Yes.”  She said.  “I told you I want to stay.”
	“Excellent,”  Robert said.  “I could use someone with your skills on the floor.”  Robert smiled.
	“Me, why me?” Sally asked.
	“Sometimes it takes a thief to catch one.”  Pearl said.  
	“What do you want me to do?”  Sally asked.  
	“What other talents does the young Miss Spade possess?”  Robert asked.
	“Do you keep your desk drawers locked?”  Sally asked.
	“Yes.”  He replied.  Sally walked over to his side of the desk.  She pulled two hairpins from her hair, straightening them out a bit.  She inserted them into one of the locks on the drawer of the desk.  She heard the ‘pop’, ‘pop’, ‘click’ of the lock opening.  Sally pulled the drawer open and grinned at them.  
Robert and Pearl smiled.  Sam stood off to the side.  His arms were crossed over his chest and he shook his head.  He did not like the plan.


Chapter 3
	“What’s the matter, Sam? You don’t like the competition?”  Sally said with a wide smile as she leaped through the air to land on Sam’s back.  
Sally was sparring with Sam every morning before breakfast.  She would run errands for Robert in the afternoon and at night she would dress like one of Robert’s girls and keep an eye open for people cheating at card games, picking pockets, and other theft.  It was Robert’s thought that if Sally was distracting enough, a thief might let their guard down enough to be caught.
“I already told ya why I don’t like you working in the club.”  He said doing his best to shake the girl off, she had her arm wrapped around his neck as she pulled tighter.  “You look too much like my sister.”  Sam had told Sally after their meeting with Robert about his older sister Mary.  She had raised him after his mother had died.  Mary had passed away as well and Sally’s uncanny resemblance to her made Sam very uncomfortable nightly.  Sam backed into a wall and knocked Sally onto the floor.  She immediately kicked his right ankle making him fall to the ground as well.
“I ain’t your sister, so get that out of your head.”  She said as she got up.  She bent over and held out her hand to help Sam up.
“You’re getting better.”  He said taking her hand.
“I know.”  She smiled.  Sam smiled back as he flipped Sally back onto the ground.
“Don’t let it go to your head.  There is always someone bigger and better than you.”
Sally gasped.  Sam had knocked the wind out of her.  “I know.”  She said trying to get up again.  Sam got up and picked Sally off the floor with ease.
“Here,” he said as he reached into an inside vest pocket.  He handed Sally a small blade.  “I want you to have this.  It should fit nicely in one of your boots.”
“What do I need a knife for in here?”  She asked him.
“It’s not for in here.”  He said.  “I know Robert has you running errands all over town for him.  One of these days Jack is going to find you and pay you back for leaving.  He ain’t going to fight fair and neither should you.”
Sally nodded, she knew Sam was right.  She hadn’t seen Jack in a long time, but the man never forgot anyone who double-crossed him.  Sally was sure she was on his list. 
“What does Robert have you doing today?”  Sam asked.
“Running down to his warehouse on the docks.  He wants me to take some paperwork to his warehouse manager.”  Sally said.

“Oh, Tom.  He’s a nice man.”  Sam replied.  “You better get going.  I’m sure Tom will have something for you to run back to Robert.
“Do you want to tag along?”  Sally asked.  She liked spending time with Sam.  He treated her like family and she enjoyed that feeling.
“Nah, I got my things to do.” He said.  Sally smiled, when she and Sam did spend time together, he talked about a girl named Holly.  She was the daughter of an innkeeper that Sam would frequent.  Sam would spend his afternoons at the inn making small talk with Holly.
“Alright Sam, tell Holly I said hi.”  
Sally left Sam to get dressed and run her errand.  She had tucked Sam’s blade into her boot and thought nothing of it.  She made it down to the docks fine, spent a few minutes with Tom and as expected was told to bring paperwork back to Robert.  She left the warehouse empty-handed and stepped into the busy street.  It didn’t take Sally long to realize someone was following her.  She ducked through back allies attempting to lose the person following her.  Someone large and dirty jumped out in front of her.
“Ello Sally, long time no see.”  He said.  Jack stood in front of her smiling his rotten tooth smile.  Someone grabbed her from behind.
“See Jackie, I told you she was working as a whore in that club.” The man behind her said.  She was lifted off the ground and her arms were pinned to her sides.
Big mistake, Sally thought.  She lifted her foot and grabbed the blade that Sam had given her and jammed it into the man’s thigh.  He screamed and dropped her ripping part of her dress in the process.  Sally looked up and recognized the man as the cheater from the club; he was one of Jack’s men.  
“I knew I recognized you.”  She said.
“You little bitch!” He howled.  “Jackie, I’m going to tear her apart.”
“Not today, gents,”  Sally said.  “I have places to be.”
“Sally, Sally, my love.  If you wanted to walk the streets I could have arranged that.” Jack said.
“I work for Mr. Deacon now.  I am not one of his whores.”
“Give her to me, Jack.  Let me break her in for you.”  The other man said.  Sally was still on the ground.  She kicked the man’s leg out from underneath him.  When he hit the ground, Sally jumped on his chest.  Picking up his head by the hair, Sally slammed his head into the ground rendering him unconscious.

Slowly Sally stood up.  She stared Jack down.  He regarded her cautiously.  “That just leaves you, Jack.”  She said.  “You can leave me alone or I’ll knock the rotten teeth right out of your mouth.”  
“Boys,” Jack shouted.  “We found our missing Spade.”  Jack smiled showing his teeth.  Two large men came out of hiding.  They were about the same size as Sam.  
Sally smiled.  She was looking for a fight.  She knew she was good, but Sam held back with her.  Now she had a chance to see how good she was.  She placed her hands on her hips.  “Don’t disappoint me, boys.”  She said as she made a come-hither gesture.  
She recognized the men from Jacks’ place.  Anytime Jack had a problem with someone, he sent those two out to break bones.  Neither man hesitated to come toward her.  Sally remembered what she was taught and used their size against them.  Her slight build allowed her to maneuver in the alley easier.  Throughout the fight, they moved further into the alley.  She knew they were trying to corner her.   When one of the men lunged for her, Sally slashed him in the face with her blade catching him in the eye.  He screamed and backed away.  Sally hunched down and crawled between the other man’s leg.  She reached with her knife, stabbing the man in the upper part of his thigh.
	“Damn it!” she howled.  “I missed.”  He understood what Sally had been aiming for and he got out of her way taking his injured friend with him.  Sally was left in the ally with Jack.  Her back faced the wall and Jack blocked her escape.  “I ain’t going back with you Jackie.  And I don’t think your boys will be helping you any time soon.”
	Jack was about to answer her, but he dropped to the ground at her feet.  Tom stood in front of her holding a pipe in his hands.
	“Where were ya’ five minutes ago?”  She said wiping her face with the back of her sleeve.  “You missed a good fight.”  She said smiling at Tom.
	“You forgot the papers.  I’m glad I decided to go after you.  Are you alright Sally?”
	“Just grand.”  She replied.  “I’ve got to get back to Mr. Deacon’s now.”
	“I’m not sure I should let you go alone.”  Tom said to her.
	“Nah, I’m fine.  Really.  Sam’s not too far from here.  I’ll walk home with him.”
	“Are you sure?  I’ll get a coach for you.”
“Nope, I’m fine.”  She replied and left the ally whistling on her way.
	Sally walked to the tavern that Sam frequented.  She noticed people were staring at her strangely. 

Sam sat in the back of the tavern.  His eyes were following Holly.  He saw Sally enter.  She plopped herself in the seat right next to him and he jumped.  Her dress was slightly torn, her hair was a mess, she had blood spatter smeared on her face and staining her dress. He also saw the small blade he had given her was still in her hands.
	“Hi, Sam.”  She said calmly.
	“What in the hell happened to you?”  He said louder than he expected.  People were already staring at them.
	“I ran into some old friends and I picked a fight.” She said. 
	“Jesus, Sally.  How many were there?”
	Sally cocked her head to the side and thought.  “Four.”  She said. “But Tom came out and hit Jack upside the head.”  She took a deep breath and looked at Sam.  “It’s a shame, cuz I wanted to be the one to do that.”  She reached for his beer and took a big gulp, slamming the stein back on the table.
	Holly came up to their table.  She looked worried, glancing over her shoulder at the bar behind her.
	“Sam, your friend can’t be here like this.  My dad’s going to see her.”  Holly said.  Sam turned bright red.  He was always tongue-tied when Holly was around.
	“Umm, Holly, can you take my friend Sally to wash up?  She had a run-in with her old boss.”  He asked.  “Please?”
	“Alright, but I’ll have to take her around back. She’s making people nervous.”  Holly said. “Come with me quietly and please put your knife away.”  Holly said.
Sally looked at her hands, she didn’t realize she still had her knife out.  She slid it back into her boot and followed Holly out the back of the tavern.  Holly lead Sally around the back and up another flight of stairs to a small bedroom.  
“You can wash up in here,”  Holly said pointing to a basin with soap and water.  “I’ll see if I can find you something to wear home.”  Holly started to go through some clothing in a chest.
Sally caught sight of her reflection in the small mirror on the wall and was startled by her reflection.
	“Were you attacked by someone?”  Holly asked.
	“Yeah,” Sally answered.  “Four someones.”  Sally replied as she washed up.
	“You’re joking me.”  Holly replied with a nervous laugh.
	“No, I’m not.”  Sally said trying to fix her mop of hair.  “Sam taught me how.”  She continued.  “He likes you, ya know.”  Sally said to her.

	“Sam?”  Holly asked.  “He never says much to me unless it’s about the weather or his drink.”
	“Oh, you make him nervous,”  Sally replied.  She noticed Holly’s cheeks turning pink.  “You should say something to him.”  Sally said.
	“I, I wouldn’t know what to say.”  Holly stuttered.
Sally smiled and turned to look at the shy Holly.  “I have an idea.”  She said.  “What are you doing later this afternoon?”  Sally asked Holly.
When Sally was clean and presentable, she joined Sam at the table.
	“Are you alright?”  He asked her.  His tone was much softer.
	“Yeah,” she said.  “Can we go home now?  I’m tired.”  
	“Sure Sal.”  He smiled at her.  “Let me pay my tab and we’ll go home.”  They both got up from the table.
	“I don’t think I’m going to have to worry about Jack anymore.”  Sally said with a big smile.
	“No, I don’t think you will.”  Sam placed his arm around her shoulders as they walked out.
	“Do ya want your knife back?”  She asked him as they walked home.
	“Naw, it’s too small for me.  Perfect size for you.”  He said.
	“Oh.  Do you think we might be able to practice a little more today?”  She asked.
	“I thought you were tired?” Sam said with a grin.
	“I’ll be fine once I get something to eat.”
	When they arrived home, Sally busied herself with a few chores and kept an eye on the clock.  Around two in the afternoon she went down to the kitchen and waited by the back door.  A light knock sounded from outside.  Sally opened the door and Holly stood on the back step.
	“I thought you wouldn’t make it.”  Sally said.
	“I almost didn’t.”  Holly replied.  “My dad would kill me if he knew I was over here.”
	“Well, quick come with me.”  Sally said leading the nervous barmaid to the room she and Sam spent their mornings in.  
	Sam was waiting for her, watching Sally walk in.
	“I don’t think you need to do anything extra, especially after this morning.”  Sam said.
	“Oh, it’s not for me.”  She said with a sly smile.  She stepped aside so Holly could enter.  Sam’s jaw dropped.  “I’ll be back in an hour to take Holly home.”
	“Sal,” He shouted.  Sam’s face was turning bright red.  “What are you doing?”
	“One hour, Sam,”  Sally repeated.  “Make it count.”  She smiled as she left the pair alone.

Chapter 4
	Four years had passed for Sally as she worked for Mr. Deacon.  She was glad she could convince Holly to meet with them that day.  Holly and Sam had been inseparable since that afternoon; they had eloped a few months later.  Holly continued to work with her father and spent most of her free time trying to convince Sam to work with her family.  Sally understood why Sam didn’t want to leave the club.  Robert was generous with all his staff.  It was hard to leave an employer like that.
	Sally had arrived back from the docks one afternoon to see Robert dragging an extremely nervous young woman down the hall.  The young woman looked to be about twenty with a mess of red hair.  She appeared underfed and underclothed, but the woman carried herself too well to be a beggar.  Sally waited patiently for Robert in the hall.  He had taken the woman to the quarters of his former housekeeper.  Robert appeared back in the hall a few moments later.  His face was flushed.  Sally had her hands behind her back waiting for Robert to explain who the young woman was.
	“Her name is Lee.”  He said.  “That Winthrope bastard sold her to me.”  He looked down at his feet, almost like he felt guilty for something.  “She’s going to be my new housekeeper.”
	“Okay.”  Sally said.  
	“Okay, all you ever say to me is okay.”  He said.  He seemed angry that she didn’t have more to offer on the subject. 
	“There’s nuffin’ for me to say.” She said as she smiled at him.  “But you want me to do somefin’, don’t ya?”  She asked with her sly grin.
	“Well, bring her some food, naturally.”  He said.  Sally smiled and nodded.  She waited for more instructions.  “And watch her.  I think she is lying to me.  You know how I despise liars.”
	“You want a spy.”  She replied.
	“Don’t call it that.  Just get her to trust you and open up to you.”  He said.
	“And then tell you everything I know.”  She smiled.  She enjoyed finding things out for Robert.  Once she got to know a person, they told her all types of things.  Robert said it was her face that made people so trusting.  Sam had told her the same thing.  He once told her she had the face of an angel, but if people truly knew what she was up to they would send her away.  Robert looked at her and nodded. Guilt spread further across his face and he quickly looked away.
	Sally set about her task.  She served the new housekeeper, Lee.  She played cards with Lee and a few of the others each night.  Sally even shared a few of her secrets with Lee, but still, the woman refused to reveal anything of her past.  Sally watched the interactions with the woman and Mr. Deacon, she saw how they looked at one another neither of them being completely honest with the other.  Sally did her best to persuade Lee to give into Mr. Deacon, but Lee had told her that there was something that she needed to do first.  Lee had implied that she had another purpose and she did not want to be another one of Mr. Deacon’s conquest.  Sally felt bad.  For the first time in her employment with Mr. Deacon, Sally felt guilty for doing what he asked.
	One evening while Sally was working on the floor, Pearl pulled her aside.
	“Come with me, now,”  Pearl said, pulling Sally away from everyone.  “There has been an incident with Lee and Robert.”
	“What happened?” Sally asked.
	“I can’t tell you.”  Pearl said.  Her face an emotionless mask.  “You need to get dressed and accompany Lee to her brother.”
	“Miss Lee has a brother?”
	“Sally, please. I need you to do what I ask and meet me in Lee’s room.”  Pearl said.
Sally did what Pearl told her and meet with Pearl in Lee’s quarters.  Inside she found a hysterical Miss Lee carrying on about being a ruined woman.
	“Pull yourself together.”  Pearl said to the hysterical woman.  “I have arranged passage for you to your brother in Philadelphia.  Sally will accompany you.”
Sally was about to protest, but one glance at the sobbing mess that was Miss Lee made her pause.  Sally stood quietly and waited for more instructions from Pearl, she followed the women out to the street.  Lee was getting into Mr. Deacon’s coach and Pearl again pulled Sally aside.
	“Here,” Pearl said shoving a small coin purse into Sally’s hands.  “This is for your journey.  It’s not much so make it last.  When you get Miss Lee safely to her brother’s home I will need you to write to me.  I need to know everything that is going on.  You will tell me every detail, no matter how small.”
	“You want me to spy.”  Sally said flatly.  Her brows were drawn together
	“You do it for Robert all the time without hesitation.  You will do this for me.”  Pearl replied.
	“I already told Mr. Deacon I won’t spy on Miss Lee anymore.”  Sally said.
	“Robert has made a mistake.  I know he will regret it come morning.”
	“So why send her away?”  Sally asked.
	“Because she has been trying to reach her brother for a long time.”  Pearl spoke softly.  “I want to make sure she gets there.  And besides, Robert needs to learn a lesson.”
Sally nodded and climbed in next to Lee.  She did her best to try and cheer the young woman up, it was then that Lee told Sally her real name was Amelia Southerton.

	“My brother is a wealthy lord.  He will pay you well.”  Amelia told her.
	“I didn’t do this for the money.”  Sally responded.  She could tell that Amelia still had reservations about her.  
	The women boarded the cargo ship named The Lady Fair, it was owned by Robert Deacon.  Captain Sean Harris greeted them as they boarded.  Sally recognized him from the club, he gave Sally a wink.  Captain Harris showed the ladies to their cabin and assured their safe voyage.  Sally did her best to convince Amelia to get sleep, but the woman laid down in the bed with her eyes wide open for hours.  Sally curled up on a cot and drifted to sleep.
	Sally hated the journey.  The constant rocking motion of the ship made her nauseous.  Every little movement had Sally running to the side of the ship to wretch.  When she wasn’t feeling ill, she chatted with Amelia trying her best to get the woman to open up.  Amelia was hesitant to speak about her life, but she eventually shared with Sally.  By the time The Lady Faire docked in the Delaware River, Sally knew all about Amelia’s life.  Amelia told Sally how her aunt, Lady Beatrice Winthrope, had forced her into becoming a servant.  Amelia also had shared what happened with Robert.  
	Sally shook her head.  “Forget about him, Miss.”  She said.  “No one need ever know what happened.”  Amelia offered a week smile and shrugged.












 



Chapter 5
	Lord George Southerton was up at the crack of dawn every morning.  He learned from his father from a young age that one needs to work hard to stay ahead.  He no longer bothered himself with marriage and family, it was something he didn’t want to spend time on.  Love was a mistake that only younger men made.  He knew eventually he would need an heir; he felt he had plenty of time.  George had received a letter from an acquaintance of his cousin stating his sister Amelia had not died in London years before.  He was not sure if the letter was a hoax since no one he knew could confirm the validity of the letter.  It wasn’t until he received a letter from Christine stating she knew Amelia was still alive did he realize that the first letter was true.  Waves of relief washed over him.  
	It was one early morning that George sat in his study re-reading the letter from Christine when there was a loud commotion at the front door.  Three people were arguing with his butler that they needed to see Lord Southerton immediately.  George looked the three people over, one man and two tired-looking women.  He recognized the redheaded woman at once.
	“Amelia?”  He said with disbelief.
	“Georgie!”  The woman shouted back and ran into his outstretched arms.  He squeezed her tightly lifting her off her feet; she was thinner than he remembered.
	“My God, what happened to you?”  He asked.
	“It’s much too long to tell.”  She said sadly.  George placed her back on the ground.  Amelia turned to her companions.  “George, this is Captain Harris.  We sailed on his ship from London.”  The captain smiled and nodded.  “And this is Sally Spade, my maid.”
George regarded the girl with large blue eyes.  She looked pale and small, even standing next to his petit sister the girl was small.  She wore pants and a man’s shirt making her look like a young boy.  Sally curtsied slightly, looking unsure of what to do.  The girl looked at his sister waiting for direction.
	“Georgie?”  Amelia asked.  
The sound of his name drew his attention to his sister.  It was then he realized that he had been starring at the maid.
	“Sally and I are exhausted and hungry. Could we get something to eat and maybe rest a bit?”  Amelia continued.
	“Of course,” He said.  “Captain, would you care to join us?”  George asked.
	“No thank you, sir.”  Captain Harris coughed into his hand.  “I have a place I need to be.”
	“Well, let me pay you.”  George said.

	“That is quite all right, sir.  I was paid well to bring Miss Southerton and her maid safely to your doorstep.  I should be heading off now.”  Captain Harris replied.
	George thanked the captain again and directed his butler to take the maid to the kitchen to eat.  Amelia clung to his arm.  
	“Amelia, your maid, how old is the girl?”  He asked as he led Amelia up the stairs of his home.  “She looks too young to be a lady’s maid.”
	Amelia smiled and laughed a little.  “Georgie, she’s nineteen.  She’s a year younger than me.  Sally is just small.”
“Ah,” He said.  He gave Amelia a quick tour of his home and boasted of the gaslighting and new upstairs plumbing.  George took her hand and led her up the grand staircase to her new room.  
“I hope you like it.  I had it made up for you after I received Christine’s letter.  I was hoping I would find you sooner.” The room was decorated in a pale blue and golden colors with new furniture, a small set of drawers for more personal items, a large wardrobe along the wall, a cedar chest at the foot of a large bed, a cream-colored settee, and a small desk facing the window. There was a large marble fireplace along the right of the wall and a large bed and mahogany frame in the middle of the room.   “My room is adjoining yours.  I remember how you used to hide in my room when you were a little girl.”  He smiled.
	Amelia smiled at him.  “I don’t hide from thunderstorms anymore, Georgie.  But thank you for remembering.”
	“Your private bathroom is right through there.” George pointed to a door at the other end of the room.	“Amelia, I hate to do this to you, but I was going to leave for my office.” He continued as he walked Amelia back down the stairs and into the dining room.  “I’ll ring for someone and they will bring you whatever you need.”  
	“Oh, if you don’t mind, I’ll take my meal with Sally.  We’ve been each other’s company since the start of our journey.”  She said.
	“Alright, Amelia.  But I don’t like the idea of you eating with the staff.”  He replied.
	“When will I see you again?”  Amelia asked.
	“I’ll do my best to be home for dinner time.”  He said as he examined his sister’s clothing.  She too was wearing men’s clothing.  “Do you have more suitable clothing?”  He asked her.
	Amelia shook her head and replied.  “I have a dress, but it is not what I would call suitable.”  
	“I’ll send someone from one of the shops to take your measurements this afternoon.”  He said.  “Don’t worry about the cost, get whatever you need.  I’d like to reintroduce you into society as soon as you are ready.  And make sure you get something for your maid as well. I can’t have her walking around dressed like that.”
	“Alright Georgie, I’ll see you later tonight.”  She said and followed Sally into the kitchen.
	George kissed the top of Amelia’s head before she left.  He gave instructions to his butler and housekeeper, Mr. and Mrs. Donovan on his sister’s arrival.  He implored Mrs. Donovan to find a uniform for his sister’s maid to wear.  “She’s small, Mrs. Donovan.”  George said describing his sister’s maid.
	“Small?”  She asked.
	“Yes, small.”
Mrs. Donovan found a uniform and brought it down into the kitchen where the two young women were eating.  She had the black and white uniform draped over her arm.  When she spotted Sally sitting at the table she stopped in her tracks.
	“My goodness, you are a tiny thing.”  Mrs. Donovan exclaimed as she looked Sally over.  Lord Southerton’s description of ‘small’ did not do the young woman justice.  The maid looked more like a fairy sitting at the kitchen table.   “I’m not sure we have anything to fit you.  You’re going to need to make alterations.”
	Amelia laughed and kicked Sally’s ankle.  “Don’t worry, Sally. I can help you.”  Amelia said noticing the annoyed look on Sally’s face.
	Mrs. Donovan appeared a little confused.  “I um,” Amelia started to explain.  “I had to do all the alterations for my Aunt’s gowns.”  Amelia’s cheeks turned pink on the topic of her aunt. “Her dresses were fairly complicated.  I’m sure I can take a simple uniform in and hem a skirt.”  Amelia offered a weak smile.
	“I’ll get you some supplies.”  Mrs. Donovan said as she handed the dress to Amelia.  “When you are ready I will show you to your room.”  The ladies had finished their morning meal.
	“We can go now.”  Amelia said the ladies got up to follow Mrs. Donovan upstairs.  
	Sally walked silently behind Amelia.  Mrs. Donovan was giving her instructions on how Lord Southerton expected his staff to behave.  “This is a peaceful house.  Lord Southerton will not tolerate any loud noises such as singing and whistling.  You will not enter Lord Southerton’s office, especially if he has visitors.  You will not speak to Lord Southerton unless he speaks to you first.  He is very old fashioned in that respect.”  Mrs. Donovan explained.   Sally, not one to follow rules, ignored the older woman.

	“Lord Southerton has asked I have this chamber made up for you.  Feel free to decorate it how you choose.”  Mrs. Donovan said to Amelia.  
Sally walked over to one of the large windows.  Heavy burgundy drapes hung to the floor.  Sally peeked out the window to the immaculately manicured gardens below.  
	“Your room is directly above your brother’s office.”  Mrs. Donovan said.  “And his chambers are through that door.”  She said pointing to a door past the fireplace.  “But he always keeps his door locked.”  Mrs. Donovan added as an afterthought.
	“I’m surprised Georgie hasn’t married by now.”  Amelia said sitting down on the bed.  The down blankest was soft and inviting.
	“Lord Southerton has been too busy to look for a wife.”  Mrs. Donovan clucked.  “I’ll see about getting you a needle and thread for that dress.”  She said to Amelia.  “And I’ll find a place for you Miss?”
	“Spade,”  Sally replied.  “Sally Spade.”  She offered Mrs. Donovan a cheery smile.  The housekeeper left the room and returned shortly with a needle, thread, and some pins.
	Amelia had Sally try on the oversized dress.  It hung well past her feet.  She had Sally step up onto a stool as she pinned up the hem and adjusted the sleeves.  Amelia also had to adjust the waist of the dress itself. 
	“Have a seat while I work on this.”  Amelia told Sally as she nodded at the overstuffed sofa.  A soft velvety blanket hung on the back of the sofa.
	Sally, who was still feeling a chill from the early morning ride, wrapped herself in the soft blanket.  So many things went through her head, like her promise to contact Pearl upon their arrival, and she had never been this far from home before.  Now that her feet were firmly on solid ground, the exhaustion from their trip sunk into Sally’s bones and she felt herself drifting into sleep.
	Mrs. Donovan knocked lightly and entered the room.  She saw Amelia sitting quietly on the bed holding onto the garment.  The woman glanced disapprovingly at the sleeping maid.  Amelia noticed the woman’s face.
	“Sally is not a lazy girl.”  Amelia said.  “We had a very difficult journey and sea travel did not agree with Sally.  I don’t think she slept much during our voyage.”
	“I understand, Miss Southerton, but your brother has certain expectations about his staff.”  The housekeeper said.
	“That is perfectly reasonable, Mrs. Donovan.  But Sally is my employee, not my brother’s.  I am sure he would understand given the circumstances of our arrival.”

	“Yes, of course, Miss Southerton.”  Mrs. Donovan said as she brought in tea for Amelia.   She curtsied as she left the room.  “I don’t think you understand your brother as much as you think you do.”  Mrs. Donovan mumbled to herself as she walked down the hall.


Chapter 6
	Lord Southerton returned home earlier than expected.  He thought he would check in on his sister.  Mrs. Donovan greeted him at the door and let him know that Miss Southerton was in her room with her maid and the seamstress.  He was outside his sister’s room.  He heard Amelia’s voice and the voice of what he presumed was her maid.  The door was open a crack and he saw Miss Spade laughing with his sister. The maid’s voice was light and airy, having an otherworldly sound to it like the tinkling of bells.  He knocked and entered.  
	“Georgie!”  Amelia exclaimed.  “I wasn’t expecting to see you so soon.”
George hugged his sister, but all the while he watched the lovely Miss Spade.  She was wearing a staff uniform that fit her slender curves perfectly.  Her hair hung in loose curls down her back.  Cleaned up, she looked more like a young woman than the boy that arrived on his doorsteps that morning. Sally’s large eyes and rosy cheeks gave her the appearance of the fae.  George’s heart skipped a beat, something that hadn’t happened to him in a long time.  He felt drawn to the young woman, he wanted to touch her to see if she was real.  The girl wrinkled her nose and tilted her head to the side as she stared at him.  She must have noticed him watching her.
	“I’m glad you both have found something to wear and have had a chance to rest.”  He said, doing his best not to look at his sister’s maid.
	“Sally and I are grateful for the rest and meal.  I am afraid poor Sally didn’t enjoy our journey here.”  Amelia smiled.
	“Yes, thank you Lord Southerton.”  Sally smiled at him.
	He couldn’t breathe.  Her voice sweet and smile so innocent, George wanted to take the girl away and hide her somewhere where only he could enjoy her.  He watched her smile slowly fade, he was staring at her again.  He nodded his head walking out of the room and away from the pretty creature.   
	That evening, Sally sat alone in the dark kitchen.  She had one candle in a holder sitting on the table.  Earlier she had snuck into Lord Southerton’s office.  She found a few sheets of paper and writing utensils.  In another locked drawer she found his cigars.  She sat at the table in the quiet composing her thoughts so she could write to Pearl.  Lighting the cigar with her candle, Sally took a few quick puffs before putting pen to paper.
Miss Pearl,
Miss Amelia and I arrived.  She is safe but sad.  I think she misses Mister Deacon, but she won’t say.  Lord Southerton’s home is large and clean.  But I don’t like him.  I don’t like how he stares at me.  It makes me feel funny.  Please hurry so I can go back home.									S.S.
	Sally sat for a moment smoking her stolen cigar.  She put her cigar out and folded her paper slipping it into her apron pocket.  A shuffling sound in the hall drew her attention.  
	“Ello?”  She called into the dark hallway.  “Mrs. Donovan?  Is that you?  I was only writing a letter to a friend back home.”  No one answered.  She rose from her seat to look for herself, she heard the shuffling again as someone tried to duck out of sight.  Whoever was watching her did not want her to see them.  “Ello?  Is someone there?”  She called again.  She saw someone shuffle further.  She recognized the man’s suit.  George Southerton was spying on her while she wrote.  She folded her arms across her chest while she frowned.  She hoped Peal would hurry with whatever she was planning soon; Sally didn’t trust Lord Southerton one bit.
	George ran up the steps to his room.  He had heard Sally call out twice, he thought he was silent.  His heartbeat in his chest.  He wanted her to follow him, but he had no idea what he would do if she did.  He wouldn’t know what to say to her.  He spied on a woman who sat alone in the dark writing a letter.  He was ashamed of himself.  He would talk to his sister again about her maid, perhaps persuade Amelia to send the girl back to England. 
	“No, George. Absolutely not.”  Amelia said to him over breakfast.  It had been a few weeks since Amelia’s arrival and George was still distracted by the maid.
	“I don’t see why you would keep the girl.  I have plenty of servants here.”  George said.  “Send her back to her family.” 
	“Sally does not have family and I trust her.  Besides, Sally didn’t care for the sea voyage at all.”
	“Then we can find her a position in another home.”  George replied as he tugged at his collar.  The sooner Sally left his home the better.
	“George, Sally is loyal to me.  I won’t get rid of her.”
	“Then keep her out of my way.”  George shouted.
	“She’s not in your way.”  Amelia protested.  “She usually is with me.”  
	“Just please see that she is kept busy at all times.”  George said as he left the breakfast table.
	“Yes, George.”  Amelia groaned.
	Sally waited on Amelia, accompanied her on walks outside, sat with her when neighbors came to call.  She was ever loyal to Amelia.  Sally waited for a response from Pearl, but she worried that she would never hear back.  Lord Southerton’s stare unnerved her, the grin he had on his face when he knew the two of them were alone made her want to run away.  He never touched her and hardly spoke to her.  When others were around, Lord Southerton easily ignored her.  Most of Lord Southerton’s business associates ignored Sally as well, except for Walter Clark.  He was an older man, very friendly, and spoke to everyone the same.
	One afternoon, Sally was clearing some of the flowers that Amelia’s suitors had sent.  Mr. Clark was waiting in the drawing-room for George.
	“Ah, Miss Spade.  What a lovely day it is.”  He smiled.
	“Mr. Clark.” She smiled.  “It’s always a pleasure when you are around.”  She enjoyed conversing with the older gentleman.  He had asked her questions about her life in London.  She told him about the workhouse, and Jack, she even went into detail about Mr. Deacon’s home and business.  
	Mr. Clark opened his pocket watch.  “Lord Southerton should be in soon.  Why don’t 
you stop by this evening, say around seven, and we can continue our conversation.”  He smiled at her.
	George entered the room.  “Miss Spade,”  George growled.  “Why are you harassing my guest?  Don't you have something better to do?  You should be attending to my sister.”  Sally’s mouth opened and closed as she tried to speak.  “What do you have to say for yourself?”
	“Sorry about that, George.”  Mr. Clark said stepping between Sally and Lord Southerton.  “I was conversing with Sally and distracting her from her duties.”  Mr. Clark nodded at Sally and she ran off with the flowers.
	At seven that evening, Sally was knocking on Mr. Clark's front door.  Mr. Clark answered the door himself.  Sally was taken aback that the gentleman would answer his door.  
	“Ah, Sally.  Right on time.  I gave my housekeeper the night off.”  He smiled leading Sally into his drawing-room.  His home, about the same size as the Southerton’s, was decorated with dark mahogany paneling and lots of red velvet.  The drawing-room had more of the mahogany and several overstuffed red velvet chairs and setae.  A tall woman with dark blue-black ringlets stood in the back of the room.  Her back was facing them as she admired a timepiece on the mantel.  She wore a navy-blue wool coat over her a high-necked blue day dress.  
	“Sally, I do believe you know my guest.”  He said as Pearl turned around to face them.  Her face, cold as usual.  She raised one eyebrow a slight smile creased her face.
	Sally ran to her, throwing her arms around Pearl.  The force of Sally’s hug almost knocked Pearl off her feet. “Oh, thank God.  Please tell me that Mr. Deacon will be asking for Miss Amelia’s hand soon.  I want to leave that house.”

Pearl looked at Mr. Clark and untangled herself from Sally.  “Is it that bad?  The way Amelia spoke of her brother, I thought he was a kind man.”
“He’s an aerse.  The only reason why I haven’t beat the stuffing out of him is that he’s Miss Amelia’s brother.”
“He is a kind man.”  Mr. Clark interjected.  “But he has taken an instant dislike to our girl, and I can’t see why.  Does he know about your history?”  Mr. Clark asked.
“No.” Sally said shaking her head.  “Unless Miss Amelia said something.  But she doesn’t even know everything.  Only Mr. Deacon and Miss Pearl.  And now you.”  Sally said.
“It’s odd.”  Mr. Clark said.  “He can be cold and a little detached, but he’s not cruel to his staff.  But I hope I can remedy that situation for you.”  Mr. Clark gestured for his guests to have a seat.   He poured the ladies tea.  "How would you like to invest in my business?  Both of you, become my partners.”
	“Me?”  Pearl said.  “But we’ve just met.”
	“Yes,” Sally said without hesitation.  “What do I need to do?”
	“Miss Deacon, Sally has told me all about you.  She said you are bright and clever.  She told me that you are your brother’s business partner and she told me about your other brother, the earl.”
	Pearl glared at Sally.  The young woman smiled nervously and shrugged.  “That doesn’t make me an ideal business partner.”  Pearl said.
	“No, but she said that you are shrewd and an excellent judge of character.”  Mr. Clark said.  “What do you say, Miss Deacon?  There wouldn’t be much for you to lose.”
	“Alright,”  Pearl said.  “But why Sally?  She’s never run anything before, other than Robert’s errands.”  Sally scowled at Pearl.
	“Miss Deacon, is Sally half as good as she says?  Can she find anything she wants too on someone?”
	“I bet she’s better than what she says.”  Pearl replied.
	“Good.  Sally, if you run errands for me, I will teach you all about running my business.” He reached into his waist pocket and handed Sally his card.  “This is my office address.  Stop by tomorrow and we’ll talk more.”
	Sally took the card and slipped it into her apron pocket.  She looked at his face.  “But you’d like me to do somfin’ for you first.”	
	“Yes.”  He smiled.  “Find out what you can on the Potter family.”  He said.  “I’ve been working with him for years and something doesn’t sit right.  If I talk to him about a project, he will give me one opinion then, but the next morning he will tell me something different.  He’s never been wrong, but I think someone else is making the decisions for him.”
	“Not a problem.”  Sally said getting up.  Pearl and Mr. Clark rose as well.
	“Mr. Clark, I should be going,”  Pearl said.  “My brother will wonder what I am up too.  I also don’t trust him by himself for long. He could easily make an ass of himself.  But thank you for the tea, and the business proposition.”
	“You will take me up on my offer?”  He asked.
	“She will,”  Sally said.  Pearl glared at her.  “What?”  Sally said.  “You don’t need Robert to run a business.  You should take a venture without him.”  Sally linked her arm with Pearl’s and Mr. Clark showed the ladies out.
	“You don’t need to answer for me, Sally.”  Pearl said when they were out on the street.
	“I know, but it will be fun.”  She smiled.
	Pearl glanced down at the girl.  “Has it been that bad?”
	“I’ve written to you almost every day.  Lord Southerton is strange.  He stares at me all the time, grinning like a crazy person.  He won’t speak to me unless others are around and then he yells at me.  If anyone else had asked me to watch over Miss Amelia, I would have left.”
	“Really?”  Pearl questioned.
	“No,”  Sally replied with a heavy sigh.  “Not really.  The truth is, Miss Amelia is sad.  She doesn’t like many of the neighbors and her brother leaves her alone most of the time.  She doesn’t talk to anyone but me.”
	“Just a little bit longer, Sally.  Hopefully, Robert will be able to mend things with Amelia.  As soon as that business is done you can leave and forget all about Lord Southerton.”  
	“Alright.”  The ladies stopped in front of a townhome that was close to the Southerton’s.  “Is this yours?”  Sally asked.
	“Yes.  Would you like to come in?  I’m sure Robert would like to see you.  And we brought Nancy with us.”
	“No.”  Sally smiled.  “I’m going to the Potters.” She said as she headed to the Potter townhome.
	“Alright,”  Pearl said.  She opened her reticule and pulled out a few banknotes.  “Here.  I’ll continue to pay you to stay with Amelia.”  Sally’s smile grew wider.

	The next afternoon, Mr. Clark was stepping into his office.  He was out in a meeting with George and Mr. Potter.  Sally sat waiting for him.  Her feet were propped up on his desk while she was smoking one of his cigars.
	“Miss Spade, is that one of mine?”  He asked.  She smiled and nodded. “I had them locked in my drawer.”
	“I know.”  She said with a smile.
	“If Lord Southerton knew….”
	“He won’t find out what I can do.  Besides, if he knew all the things I could do he would hire me himself to run his errands, breaking into partners’ homes, finding out their little secrets.  But you found out first.”
	“I didn’t say break into my partners’ homes.”  Mr. Clark said sitting down at his desk. 
	“But you didn’t tell me not too.”  She smiled.  “And it was a good thing I did.  You, Lord Southerton, and Mr. Potter had a business meeting yesterday.”
	“Yes.”  Mr. Clark replied.
	“Yesterday Mr. Potter said he wanted to handle things one way and today he said something completely different.”
	“That’s correct.”
	“That’s because Mrs. Potter makes all the decisions.”  Sally said with a smile.  “The woman is brilliant, a genius.  She makes all the decisions, tells her husband what to do and he does it.  You should have heard her yelling at him yesterday.  She did not want things handled his way.”
	“That explains a great deal.” He said.
	“Here.” She said tossing him her purse with banknotes inside.  “It’s my salary.  Invest it for me.”  She smiled.  “I liked her idea.”  She stood up.  “Is there anything else you need from me?”  She asked.
	“Keep an eye on the Potter family.”  Mr. Clark replied.  Sally grinned as she walked out of his office.  Every afternoon before supper, Sally would meet with Mr. Clark in his office.  He would explain recent business ventures and she would share what she learned about the Potters.  He would always show her documents on the railroad he owned, properties in other states, and other holdings he had.  He would ask her to sign a few of them for him. She obliged and never thought anything of it.
George watched Sally leave Mr. Clark’s office every afternoon.  He never saw her enter the building, but she was there leaving every evening at the same time.  Her smile and laugh taunting him.  Even at his work, the fairy would find him.  There was no escaping her. He was tortured by the girl.  He would hide from her in his office when he would hear her light whistling.  Mrs. Donovan was with him one day and watched as George cringed at Sally’s whistling and humming.  The housekeeper ran out into the hall.
	“Miss Spade,” She called Sally over.  “a word please.”
Sally smiled and skipped over to Mrs. Donovan.  She had left George’s office door open and he witnessed the women talking.  He heard their voices but comprehended nothing.  He saw Sally, the need to touch her was becoming too much for him.  George wondered what the girl would do if he reached out and touched her. Mrs. Donovan glanced at him; his hands gripped his desk.
“I have to run an errand.  Perhaps you should accompany me.”  She said taking Sally by the arm leading her outside.  Mrs. Donovan’s purse dangled from her arm.
“I said I’d watch it.  I won’t whistle.”  Sally grumbled.  “I don’t want that man lookin’ at me.”
“That man pays your salary.” Mrs. Donovan replied sternly.
“No,” Sally said pulling her arm away from Mrs. Donovan.  “Miss Pearl and Mr. Deacon pay me.  I was paid to take care of Lady Southerton and that is what I’m doing.”
“I see.”  Mrs. Donovan said.  “I have known Lord Southerton for many years.  He is an honorable and honest man.  He doesn’t act this way toward anyone.  Please, for your safety, stay out of his way.”  
Someone walked quickly between them, giving Sally a shove.  He grabbed Mrs. Donovan’s purse and ran.  Sally ran after him, catching up to him quickly.  Jumping on his back, she knocked the man off balance.  He rolled over, trying to get away from Sally.  The angry Sally began punching him in the face.  When she heard something crack, she knew she broke his nose.  Blood covered her hands.  She stood up, gave the man a hard kick in the back.  Sally bent over and picked up Mrs. Donovan’s purse.  She walked over to the housekeeper and handed Mrs. Donovan her purse.  Sally wiped her hands down her dress.  “What were you saying about my safety?”
Mrs. Donovan’s mouth hung open.  “How did you… where did…?”
“You still think I’m an innocent little maid?  Mrs. Donovan, I am much more than that.”  She said continuing her walk with the housekeeper.  They walked silently back to the townhouse.  Mrs. Donovan led her into the kitchen.  She insisted on cleaning Sally up.
“I can take care of myself.”  Sally said as Mrs. Donovan inspected her for any wounds.
“I see that.”
“Miss Pearl sent me here to protect Lady Southerton.  She wants me to stay a little bit longer.  Besides, I think Lady Southerton would be lost if I left now.”
“I believe you’re right.  But still, at least try harder to stay away from Lord Southerton.  He’s been acting odd as of late.”
“Yes, Ma’am,”  Sally said before she left the kitchen.
	George made excuses to not be home.  When he was home and he spotted Sally, he would follow her and watch her.  She caught him watching her, Sally wrinkled her nose and stared back at him.  Before she could even open her mouth to say something to him, he yelled at her.
	“One shouldn’t stare at their betters.” 
George stormed off to his office slamming the door behind him.  He was furious with himself.  If their father had been alive to hear George speak to his servants in that fashion, his father would be disappointed.  Lusting after the girl made him feel guilty so George would work long hours.  Staying away from home left his sister alone making George feel guilty.	 
	One afternoon George decided to work from home.  He heard Sally whistling upstairs, following the sound he found Sally and Amelia talking.  He heard his sister telling the maid to call her Amelia instead of Miss Southerton, something that George found most unprofessional. He had grabbed the girl by the arm to get her attention.  George wanted her to know he was in charge in his home, Sally tried to wiggle free of his grasp.  George grasped harder and pulled Sally closer to him.  Her eyes were round and wide.  He forgot what he was doing, she was looking back at him and he was lost in her eyes.
	“Georgie!”  Amelia yelled.
George’s attention on Sally was broken and the young girl ran free.  Heat flooded George’s cheeks and he could feel his face and neck turning colors.  He couldn’t believe what he had done in front of his sister.  George stormed out and Amelia followed him into the hall.
	“I’m sorry George.  I just don’t want to see either of you hurt.”  She said.
All George could do was nod his head.  He went into his chamber.  His room and Amelia’s connected through a set of locked doors.  His door was always locked, while Amelia more often than not left hers open.  He could not hear entire conversations through the door, but he always knew when someone was in Amelia’s chamber.  George heard someone bustling around in the other room.  Thinking it was his sister he walked out of the room and into hers.  Instead of Amelia, George found Sally alone in the room.
	“What are you doing here, Sally?”  He asked her.
Sally jumped and screamed.  She covered her mouth with her hand and took a breath.  
	“I’m sorry Lord Southerton.  I know you don’t like noise and you startled me.  Miss Southerton had a few letters she would like mailed.”
	“I don’t know what lies you have told my sister, but I would never take someone so low to my bed.”  He stepped closer to her as he spoke.  Sally backed away until she could go no further.  George reached for her and ran his hand up her arm, gently caressing her.  “Do you understand me?”  He asked.  
	Her eyes were cast down, watching him touch her arm.  “I understand you perfectly.”  She said.
George couldn’t stop himself; he pulled Sally into his arms lifting her off the floor and kissed her.  She was so sweet he could not resist her.  George flicked his tongue across her lower lip and Sally gasped slightly opening her mouth to him.  Sally kissed George back, he pressed his body into hers feeling her delicate curves.  The thought of tossing Sally onto the bed ran through his mind, but this was his sister’s room.  George let go of her quickly, Sally stumbled.
	“Get out.”  He shouted pointing at the door.  Sally pushed past him as she ran out of the room.
	“Oh God, what am I going to do?” He said to himself.  He could not risk being in the same space as Sally
	Sally ran out the front door, Amelia’s letters were still in her hand.  Instead of mailing them, Sally ran to the Deacon’s home.  She found the backdoor that let to the kitchen.  Nancy was busy cooking the family supper.  Sally opened the door, rushing inside she slammed the door behind her
	“Sally Spade, what has you in a rush.”  Nancy looked at the girl.  Sally was out of breath.
	“He kissed me,”  Sally whispered.  “Nancy, he picked me up and kissed me.”
	“Who kissed you?”  Nancy stood with her hands on her hips and her head was tilted to the side.
	“Lord Southerton.  He kissed me, in Miss Amelia’s room. I didn’t know why he kept staring at me and following me.  Now I know what he wants from me.”
	Nancy rushed to her.  She walked Sally to the table and pushed her into a chair.  “I’ll see Mr. Deacon now.  You will come back to work for him.”
	“Nancy, wait!”  Sally put her hand on Nancy’s arm.  “Don’t say anything yet.”
	“Sally, what if he tries it again?  Let me speak to Mr. Deacon for you.”
	“I,” Sally paused.  “I, I think I want to see if he’ll do it again.”
	“Sally, I know you’ve worked for Mr. Deacon for a long time, but are you sure you want to take a chance of being alone with Lord Southerton?  He’s not paying you for your time like the gentlemen at the clubs.”
	“Nancy, I never did nuthin’ with those gentlemen.  I watched for cheaters.”
	“Never, you’ve never had a sweetheart.  Ever.”  Nancy said.
	“No, never wanted one.”	
	“Then that’s more of a reason to come back to Mr. Deacon’s home.”  
	“But I’m a grown woman, Nancy. I think I might want one now.”
	“I don’t think Lord Southerton would make you his sweetheart.”
	“I know, but maybe I should…just once…”  Sally trailed off.
	“You’re not thinking properly.  Let me make you some tea.”  Nancy said.  Sally sat in silence contemplating what she wanted to do. 
George worked morning noon and night to keep himself busy.  He locked himself in his office when he was home.  One early morning he was having a meeting in his home with Mr. Clark.  He left his door open and he heard the unmistakable sound of Sally skipping down the hall.  His heart began to beat a little faster.  When she walked into his office he thought his heart would explode.  It had been days since he had seen her last.  He tried to get her to leave when Mr. Clark interrupted him.
	“George, you are going to die under a pile of paperwork.  Why don’t you join me at the club for a few drinks and cards?”  Mr. Clark said.
	“Fine.  I have somewhere too I need to be.”  George said rushing out of his office.
	His day went by in a blur.  By six that evening Mr. Clark was calling on George at his office.  
	“Ready for those drinks?”  Mr. Clark asked.
	George nodded and followed Mr. Clark out the door.  He spent the night having drinks trying his best to not think of Sally Spade and her silky hair and creamy skin.  The more he drank the more he thought of undressing the petit maid and devouring her delicious body like a fine confection.  
He stayed a few hours and left for the haven of his bed-chamber.  Once he was safely home, George began to undress for bed.  With his shoes off, shirt untucked, and sleeves rolled up he stumbled about his room.  He paused for a moment when he heard Amelia fumbling around her room.  George thought he would talk to her and apologize for his recent behavior.  Since he was having trouble walking he thought it would be best to go through the adjoining doors.  He stumbled through and watched as Sally rummaged through his sister’s wardrobe.
	“Where’s my sister, Sally?” He asked.
	“Lord Southerton!” She squealed with surprise.  “Miss Amelia isn’t here.”
	“When is she coming home?”
	“I’m not sure.  I don’t think she is.”  She said.
	“Good.”  He smiled crossing the room to her.  George grabbed her and held on tight.
Sally tried to wiggle out of his embrace, but he held onto her tighter.  She thought about what she told Nancy. Sally stopped struggling.	
	“Lord Southerton, I’m a good girl.” She said, her voice soft.  Her hands rested on his chest.  The top few buttons on his shirt were unbuttoned her fingertips were lightly resting on his bare skin.  George shuddered and smiled.

	“No, you’re not a good girl.  I know who you used to work for.”  He leaned in and kissed her, thrusting his tongue in her mouth.  She pushed away.
	“Lord Southerton, I am a good girl.”  She said again.
George laughed; he grabbed the front of her dress with both hands, tearing it open with ease.  “You’re a bad girl Sally.  You’re my bad girl.”  He picked her up and threw her over his shoulder.  
	Sally gasped.  “Put me down.” She said.  “Put me down and we will forget this ever happened.”  Sally pictured Amelia’s disappointment with her behavior.
	“I don’t want to forget.” He told her carrying her over to his bed.  “I want you.  I need you.  I can’t look at you every day and not have you.”  He gently placed her on the bed.  “Let me have you.”
	Sally sat on the edge of the bed clutching the covers.  Her bare chest heaving.  She saw the wild look in his eye, she had seen it every day she crossed his path.  ‘One night,’ she thought to herself.  ‘What harm could one-night cause.’   She nodded her head and his greedy smile widened.  He began tugging at his shirt and pants as quickly as he could.  Sally pushed herself further up the bed.  He reminded her of the wolf before devouring Little Red Riding hood.  George crawled up the bed toward her, kneeling over her to pull the torn dress off her body.  He tugged at her corset and undergarments all the while smiling at her. Sally knew what would happen, she had seen enough of the act while she worked for Robert.  George would have his fun and Sally would be on her way.
	George had her completely undressed he began to gently caress her body.  He lay down on top of her and kissed her again, slower this time.  He trailed kisses along her jawline and she gasped lightly.  George stroked her breast running his thumb over her nipple.
	“Say my name, Sally.” He whispered in her ear.
	“Lord Southerton?” She asked with hesitation.
	“Say my name, Sally.” He said more forcefully.
	“George?” She questioned.  He kissed her on the mouth.  
George kneeled on the bed pulling her up with him.  He held her in his arms and pulled at the loose bun on her head sending hairpins everywhere.  George touched her face and ran fingers through her silken tresses.
	“Tonight, I am your George and you are my Sally.”
	“What about…” 
	“I don’t care.  I don’t care about anyone else right now.  You are mine.”  He said again.
	“Alright, George.” She said.  “Tonight, you are my George and I am your Sally.”  

He kissed her passionately as he ran his hands down her back.  Sally felt his manhood pressing against her.  She had seen men at the club in all states, but this was different.  Many patrons of Robert’s club had tried to persuade her into their bed, but George was the first one who tempted her. She pulled away from him and ran her hands up and down his chest, enjoying the feel of his skin against hers.  Biting her lip, Sally looked George in the eyes taking note of the flecks of gold in his green eyes.  George reached behind her and pulled the blankets down, he gently pushed her into the soft mattress.
	“George, I meant it when I said I’m a good girl.” Her voice starting to shake as she questioned her decision.
George continued to smile hungrily at her.  He kissed her lightly on the lips and slowly began kissing her breasts.  She shuddered when he sucked her nipple and flicked his tongue across the bud.  His hand traveled down her belly; he reached between her legs and gently slid his fingers inside her while he continued to suck on her breast.  Sliding his fingers in her fast, Sally panted.
	“George, oh God, George.”  She cried.
	George started to kiss her belly and further down, nudging her legs farther apart.  He began licking the sensitive nub of flesh and Sally cried out louder.  George sucked and licked her driving Sally wild.  She was barely able to contain herself.  Sally wanted to scream his name louder, she bit her lip to hold her scream in.  She ran her fingers through his hair.  The blood thundered in her ears and waves of passion coursed through her as she tried to wiggle out of his grasp.  She wanted a moment to catch her breath, but George held her tighter as he slipped his tongue deeper inside her.  Sally couldn’t stand another moment, George held her down as he drove her mad with his tongue.  She felt more waves of passion course through her body.  George finally relented, and he laughed.
	“Do you want me to stop Sally?” He asked.
	“No.”  Her chest heaved as she spoke.
	“Do you know what I’m going to do to you now?”
	“Yes.”
	George grabbed her hand and pulled it to him.  “Touch me, Sally.  I want you to stroke me.”  Cautiously she touched his manhood and began to stroke him.  “Just like that Sally.”  He moaned.
He pulled her hand away, pushing her down back into the bed.  George slid inside her quickly, Sally was not expecting the pain. The pain subsided, a new sensation replaced the ache she initially felt as George entered her. Each thrust sent Sally on the edge of passion.  More waves of ecstasy washed over.  Unable to hold back any longer, George joined Sally with her climax.  He collapsed on top of her kissing her mouth and stroking her hair.  Sally could taste herself on his tongue. 

She struggled to get up.  Sally thought now that George had what he wanted from her she could leave.  She sat up and was surprised when he grabbed her by the waist pulling her closer to him.
“You’re staying with me.  You’re mine all night Sally.”  He said.
“But I shouldn’t be in here.” She said softly.  George brushed the soft hair from her small face.  He pulled her into his embrace and they laid back down in his bed.
“You’re worried my sister will find out.”  Sally nodded her head in response.  “She won’t.”  He kissed her temple.  “And if she does, she will be angry with me not you.”  Her body relaxed in his arms at his reply.  It was true, her friend would be angry with him.  Amelia will think George forced her into his bed, how could Sally begin to explain that she wanted George as much as he wanted her.  “Stay the night, Sally.  Stay till morning.  I’m giving you an order.” He laughed lightly at his joke.
Sally did not appreciate his sense of humor.  She would not be ordered into Lord Southerton’s bed, or anyone’s bed for that matter.  She would leave the moment he was asleep.  ‘Pearl’, she thought to herself, ‘Pearl and Robert would take me in without question.  I’ll never have to speak of what happened.’  Sally rolled over to make her escape easier.  He must have sensed her plan.
“Till morning, Sally.”  He whispered in her ear.  “I have not finished with you tonight.”  George kissed the back of her neck.  Sally shuddered in his arms wondering what else he had in store for her. 
Tightly, George held her as he drifted to sleep.  Sally waited for what seemed like an eternity before she dared to move.  She glanced at the timepiece that was on George’s bedside table.  He had only been asleep for half an hour, but Sally was sure that George was deep enough asleep for her to get away.  The sensation of Sally wiggling out of his embrace was enough to rouse George from slumber.  He sat up in bed, Sally rolled over to look at him.
“I told you, you will stay till morning.”  He repeated himself.  Sally smiled sweetly at him.
“I was only trying to get more comfortable, Lord Southerton.”  Sally batted her eyes at him.
“It’s George tonight.  I am your George till morning.”  George ran his fingers through her soft fair hair.  He kissed the top of her head.  “And you are my Sally, my beautiful Sally.”  Sally looked into his eyes, he seems so lost and lonely to her.  “You could be my Sally every night.” He asked.
“George, if I am to be your Sally every night, what will you say to Miss Southerton when she finds out?”  
“Sally, she will marry Mr. Deacon.  When she is gone, she will never need to know about what happens in my household.”  George smiled hopefully.

“You mean me to stay, even though I am her lady’s maid?  I thought you wanted me far from your household.”
“You’ve bewitched me, Sally.  Ever since you set foot in my home I’ve been under your spell.  I’ve wanted you so badly that I couldn’t look at you.  Now that I’ve had a taste of you, I want more.  Say you’ll stay and be mine every night.”
“No.  I said one night and one night only.”  She studied his face.  Sally was sure he would be angry with her, instead, he looked sad.  “I will stay and be yours till morning.”  She lightly ran a finger down George’s cheek.
	“Alright,” George said as he held her hand kissing her palm.  “but I have not had enough of you tonight.  And you are mine till morning.”  George gathered Sally into his arms kissing her as he pulled her body closer to him.  He pushed her back into the mattress.  “Sally, my sweet delicious Sally.” George lay on top of her, nudging her thighs apart with his knee.  “I will have you all night, my beautiful fairy princess.”
	Sally gasped as George entered her again, she finally understood what George meant when he said he would have her all night.  
	“Do you enjoy what I’m doing to you, my wicked beauty?”  He smiled as he thrust himself into her.  Sally arched her back and threw her head back as she gasped for breath.
	“Mmm, yes, George.”  She purred.  Sally rocked her hips to meet his, truly enjoying what George was doing to her.
	“Good,” he panted. “I want you to enjoy this.”
	“Harder, Georgie.” She cried out as she drug her fingernails up his back.  “I want to feel you inside me.  I want it harder.”  Sally moaned.
	“Anything.”  George panted.  “Anything my Sally wants.”  He smiled, giving Sally what she craved.
	“Oh, good God, George.”  She cried out louder.  Waves of passion washed over her body.  George smiled down on her as she panted.  He gave in to his passion and joined Sally in ecstasy.
	“Are you sure Sally?” He asked her.  “Are you sure you want to leave in the morning?”  He held Sally in his arms. “I will always make you happy.”
	“I’ll consider it.” Sally said to appease him.
	“Please do so, Sally.  We can talk more in the morning.”  

George held Sally tightly in his arms.  She could barely move, but she waited patiently for George to fall asleep again.  She felt him relax his hold and Sally tried to make her escape.  George woke again as Sally wiggled from his embrace.  Again, he accused her of trying to sneak off.  Sally sat up, smiled widely, and held up one finger.
“I thought we could,” She blushed and batted her eyes, “one more time, Georgie?”  He returned her smile and toppled her back onto the bed.
“How could I deny such a sweet request.” 
George nuzzled Sally’s neck and it wasn’t long before she was crying out his name again.  He smiled as he grabbed her leg and pulled it up to his shoulder.  Harder he thrust into Sally, between pants and gasps for breath Sally called out his name.  George kissed her mouth as they both climaxed.  
“Sally, you’re insatiable.”  He whispered gathering Sally back into his arms. 
Sally smiled at him and waited for George to fall asleep.  This time when she wiggled out of his embrace George rolled over and did not wake.  Sally crept from the bed and found her discarded dress crumpled at the foot of the bed.  She slipped it over her head, forgetting that George had ripped it open she glanced at her exposed chest.
“Damn it.” She whispered.  Sally glanced nervously at the sleeping George and he did no stir.  With her hand on the doorknob, she opened the door to the hallway. Clutching her dress closed, Sally looked over her shoulder “Sorry, Georgie.  I can’ be the dirty secret you hide in your bedchamber.”  
She took one step and walked right into someone standing sentry in the hallway.  The person clamped their hand over Sally’s mouth.  She glanced up at the woman in front of her.
“Miss Spade, what have you been up to this evening?”  The housekeeper loomed over Sally.  Slowly she withdrew her hand from Sally’s mouth.
“Mrs. Donovan,” Sally whispered.  “you have to believe me.  I didn’t mean for this to happen.”  She was shaking nervously, afraid that George would find her in the hall.
“I warned you to be careful, Miss Spade.” Mrs. Donovan whispered back.
“I know.  I am, was, I really tried, Mrs. Donovan.”  Sally’s lower lip began to tremble.  Mrs. Donovan wrapped her arm around Sally and drew her further into the hallway away from the sleeping George.  She glanced at Sally’s tattered dress.
“Did he force you?” She asked Sally, looking concerned for the young woman.  Sally shook her head.

“No, I wanted him.  But he wants me to stay.”  Sally looked up at Mrs. Donovan as she was led down the hall. Sally’s face turned red as she admitted to her lust for George Southerton.  “I can’t stay.  I need to leave here, tonight.”
“Where do you plan on going?”  Mrs. Donovan asked sternly.
“Mr. Deacon and Ms. Pearl.  They’ll take me back and they won’t ask any questions.”  Sally looked up and Mrs. Donovan.  “Miss Southerton can’t find out about what happened here.”
“Understandably, but” Mrs. Donovan glanced down at Sally.  The young woman’s hands still clutching the torn dress shut.  She let go of Sally’s shoulders and stepped into Amelia’s chamber, returning quickly with a blanket from Amelia’s bed.  She wrapped the blanket around Sally, cloaking the tattered dress.  “This should suffice.”  She took Sally by the hand and led her down the backstairs to the kitchen.  She paused with Sally at the back door.  “I could have Mr. Donovan escort you.”  Sally started to interrupt.  “I know what you are capable of, but you are in no state to wander the streets right now.”  As if sensing Sally’s reason for hesitation, Mrs. Donovan continued “Mr. Donovan will not breath a word of where you are going.”  Sally nodded as Mrs. Donovan lead her into the kitchen.


















Chapter 7
Mrs. Donovan returned a short while later with her husband.  While she waited, Sally glanced nervously up the kitchen stairs.  She was sure George was awake and would follow her.  Mr. Donovan motioned for Sally to exit out the back door.  Sally knew her way to the Deacon home, but she followed Mr. Donovan.  Wordlessly they arrived at the backdoor to the Deacon home.  Mr. Donovan paused and nodded.
“Good luck, Miss Spade.”  He said before he departed into the night.
Sally walked up the garden path to the backdoor kitchen.  She had no lock picks or hairpins to pick open the lock and she just prayed someone would let her in.  She saw Pearl sitting at a small kitchen table sipping tea.  Nancy hovered close by, both women looked worried.  Sally walked in, the women jumped when she entered the kitchen.
“Sally, what are you doing here at this hour?” Nancy exclaimed as she ushered Sally to the table and into a chair.
“And what in God’s name are you wearing?” Pearl asked.  Even though Pearl’s eyes were puffy, and her face tear-stained she had time to be sarcastic.
“Where’s Amelia?”  Sally asked.
“There’s been an accident.”  Nancy replied patting Sally’s hand.
“She’s been upstairs at Robert’s side all evening.”  Pearl said.
“I read your letter, Pearl.” Sally responded.
“That was intended for Lord Southerton.” Pearl grumbled.
“Damnit Pearl! I know who the damn letter was for.”  Sally shouted.  “I need to know if Amelia is still with Robert.” Both Nancy and Pearl stared at Sally as she began to shake and cry.
“What happened to you, Sally?” Nancy asked as she peeled away Sally’s blanket.  Sally clutched at the torn dress, hoping to hide some of her shame.
“George, George Southerton is what happened to me.”  Sally placed her face in both hands.
“I’ll kill him.” Pearl hissed as she pushed away from the table.
“Wait, you don’t understand.” Sally replied.  “I said yes.”
“Did you know what you were agreeing to?” Pearl asked loudly.  “Did he hurt you?  What did he ask of you exactly?” Her eyes narrowed.
“Yes, I knew what I was agreeing to.  I worked for you and Mr. Deacon long enough to know what Lord Southerton wanted from me.”  Sally looked at both women.  “He asked me to be his for the night. He then gave me a ‘direct order’ to stay in his bed till morning.  He also wanted me to stay and be his mistress that he hides in his chamber.  Please keep your voice down.  I don’t want Amelia to know about this.”  Sally sat quietly for a moment.  Nancy and Pearl waited for her to say more.  “He didn’t hurt me, Pearl.” She spoke softly.
Pearl sat back down in her chair.  She crossed her arms and glared at Sally.  “I don’t see what the problem is.”
“When Lord Southerton addresses me, he is cold and angry.  Tonight, he was…” Sally’s voice trailed off.  She tilted her head to the side as she thought about the right words to describe George’s behavior.  He was a passionate man possessed.  “different.” Was all she could say.  “I can’t be with someone who thinks of me only as a thing.  If I stay he will order me around his house during the day and then order me around his bed-chamber at night.  I won’t do that.”
“You’re in love with him.” Pearl said a hint of accusation was in her voice.
“I am not.” Sally yelled.  Nancy wrapped her arms around Sally.
“Hush don’t get yourself worked up.”  She squeezed Sally’s arms.  “Miss Pearl leave Sally alone.  She’s confused.”  
Sally looked at Nancy.  She wanted to protest, but Nancy was right.  Sally was confused about what she felt and what happened between her and George.  She enjoyed what they did together, but she wanted so much more.  The thought of Nancy asking her if she ever had a sweetheart returned.  That was what she wanted.  Sally was sure George would never give her what she wanted.  Instead of speaking Sally tearfully nodded her head.
Nancy looked down at Sally with concern in her eyes.  “Mr. Deacon hired me a helper a few weeks ago, she’s about your size.  Let me get you one of her uniforms to wear.”  Nancy headed out into the hall leaving Pearl and Sally alone.
“Say the word and I’ll slit his throat.”  Pearl said.  She had one eyebrow cocked up.
Sally smiled.  “No, thank you.”  She tapped her fingertips on the table.  “I don’t ever plan on seeing Lord Southerton again.”  
	Nancy returned with the uniform and handed it to Sally.  The maid got up from the table and asked what room Amelia was staying.  Pearl gave her directions.  Sally stepped around the corner and slipped on the new dress.  It was a little short for her and tight in the chest, but it fit everywhere else.  When she walked back into the kitchen Pearl started snickering.
“What’s wrong?”  Sally asked.

“Nancy’s helper is only twelve.”  Pearl chuckled.  Sally frowned, of course, she would fit into a child’s dress.  
She tossed her tattered dress to Nancy.  “Burn this please.”  She said, and she walked out of the room to find Amelia.
Sally found Robert’s chamber easily.  She knocked quickly before entering.  Amelia sat in the chair, her friend looked exhausted.  After a brief exchange, Amelia asked about George.  Sally felt her cheeks turn pink.  She looked at the floor to hide her flush.
“He was drunk, Miss.”
“George never drinks.”  Amelia responded.  Her brow wrinkled in confusion.
“He did tonight.”  Was all Sally could say.  
Sally decided to change to the subject and made her friend something to eat.  Pearl walked in shortly after Sally.  She suggested that Amelia have something to drink to help her relax.  Amelia settled herself in a chair by Robert’s bedside.  Sally watched her friend and waited for Amelia to doze off.  Sally tucked a blanket around Amelia and left her friends sleeping comfortably.  
Pearl waited for Sally in the hallway.  “You should be asleep too.” She put her hand on Sally’s shoulder and took her down the hall to a guest room.
“I can’t sleep, Pearl.”  Sally eyed the bed.  The fluffy white down comforter looked warm and inviting.
“Just try, Sally.”  Pearl steered Sally towards the bed.  “I’ll sit with you if you like.”  Sally nodded her head as she kicked off her shoes and crawled under the blanket.
Pulling the blankets over her head, Sally thought of George.  She wondered if she should sneak back into his room.  She wondered if what Pearl said was right, did she love George Southerton?  How could she love someone who would never love her back?  Her eyes began to prickle as tears started to form.  Sally squeezed her eyes tighter as she willed herself to sleep.
George awoke in the early morning alone in his bed.  He glanced around his room and wondered if he had dreamt of making love to Sally.  Her scent still lingered on the sheets and pillows, but the maid was gone.  He threw the blankets back and jumped out of the bed.  Looking at the sheets he saw that Sally had told him the truth about being a good girl.  He had assumed she lied to him since he knew she worked for Robert Deacon in his whorehouse.  He dressed quickly in his clothing from the night before and went in search of Sally.
Running downstairs, George ran into Mrs. Donovan almost nocking the older woman over.

“Where is she.”  He grabbed Mrs. Donovan by the shoulders to keep her from falling.
“Miss Southerton did not come home last night.”  She replied.
“I meant Sally.” He said.  Mrs. Donovan scowled at him. He immediately regretted asking the woman.
“I don’t know.” She replied holding her head up.  She glared at George.  He felt small, like a child who was caught being naughty.
“You don’t know?”  He asked again.
“No, I don’t.”  The woman said, tugging on her blouse to straighten herself out.  “But I do suggest you check on the welfare of your sister.  I believe she spent the night with the Deacons, so she could care for Mr. Deacon after the accident.”
“Accident?”  He remembered the open letter that Sally had in her hands.  He remembered Sally telling him his sister wasn’t coming home last night.
“Yes, your sister is helping to care for Mr. Deacon after his riding accident yesterday.  I’m sure Miss Spade went to bring Miss Southerton something to wear.”  Mrs. Donovan offered.
“My sister can’t stay at the Deacons.  And neither can Sally.”  George complained.
“Why not?  Miss Spade is your sister’s maid, why wouldn’t she stay with your sister?”  Mrs. Donovan asked.  
‘She knows something.’  George thought to himself.  ‘She wouldn’t be questioning me if she didn’t know what I did.’ Guilt started to eat at his mind. ‘Did Sally say no to me last night? She agreed, but was it because she was afraid of me?’ He could feel his pulse quicken as beads of sweat broke out on his brow. “Sally is needed here.” He shouted at his housekeeper.  
George continued out the door and headed for the Deacons’ home.  ‘I don’t care what Mrs. Donovan thinks.  Sally is mine.  She gave herself to me.  She’ll come back once I talk to her.’ Confidence began to settle in as he walked on.  He was sure Sally would come back to him with just a few words.  He arrived at the Deacon’s door and knocked politely.  When the butler answered, he inquired about his sister.  Immediately George was let in and greeted by an angry Pearl.
“Good morning, Miss Deacon.  Please direct me to my sister.” 
“We need to have a little talk.”  Her voice was flat, and her eyes narrowed.  She looked angry with him.
“Miss Southerton is upstairs with Mr. Deacon, sir.”  The butler answered.  Pearl turned to look at the butler and focused her anger on him.  “Third door on the left.” The man answered nervously.

“Thank you, my good man.”  George headed up the steps to the room the butler directed him to.  Pearl was close on his heels.
“I need to speak to you privately.” Pearl shouted as she followed him.
“We can speak later, I need to speak with Amelia now.  Her shenanigans will not be tolerated any longer.”
“My brother is not conscious, and Amelia has been helping me.  I need to speak to you now.  Stop ignoring me.” She shouted louder.
George stopped outside of Robert’s chamber.  “Miss Deacon, I do not care that your brother is unconscious.  My sister is in his room unchaperoned and this will not be tolerated.”  He walked in without knocking.
Robert and Amelia were sitting talking quietly.  They both jumped when he walked into the room.  He told Amelia that he insisted she marry Robert now.  George looked around the room, sure he would see Sally by his sister’s side.  The young maid was nowhere to be seen.  He didn’t even hear his sister’s response.
“Be useful and go fetch the doctor, Georgie.”  Amelia shouted at him.  He nodded his head and stepped back into the hall.
There she was, his pretty little angle standing in the doorway of a guest chamber.  Her hair still hung loose, she was rubbing her eyes with the palm of her hand as if she had just been awoken.
“Oy, what’s all the yeallin’ ‘bout, Pearl.”  Sally opened both eyes and froze when she spotted George.
“This is where you ran off too? I need to talk to you.” He pointed a finger at Sally.  His heart skipping a beat as he gazed at her.  She shrunk back into the room.
“No, you don’t.”  Pearl shoved George in the back pushing him toward the stairs.  He turned to say something, and she pointed to the front door.  “Do what your sister asked you to do, damn it.”
George was not used to Miss Deacon speaking or acting rough in his presence.  Startled, he turned to say something to her.  Pearl had one hand on her hip and pointed toward the door with her free hand.  Her scowl deepened; George took one last look at Sally before he left.
“Go back to bed, Sally.”  Pearl ushered Sally back into her room.  
“I’m not sleepy, Pearl.  Is Amelia up?  I should see if she needs anything.” Sally wiggled away from Pearl.
“You need to stay in your room, Sally.” Pearl spoke instantly. 

Sally smiled at Pearl.  “You can’t hide me in here, Pearl.”  She took a step for the door and Pearl stepped in front of her.  “I know what you’re trying to do.  Thank you, but I won’t hide from him.”  Pearl let Sally go.
Sally took her place by Amelia and waited with her friends for George to return with the doctor.  Amelia reached for Sally’s hand while the doctor inspected Robert.  George stared at Sally the entire time.  She fidgeted under his gaze, shifting from foot to foot.  Her attention was suddenly snapped back into focus at the mention of her name.
“Sally, do you mind finding me an appropriate dress to wear?”  Amelia asked her.
“I’ll go.”  Pearl volunteered.  “Sally can help you get ready.”  Sally smiled and nodded.  
Pearl was showing Amelia to a room to rest in.  Sally went in search of a quiet hallway, somewhere away from prying friends and George Southerton’s gaze.  She found a hallway, off from the kitchen.  No one was around and it was dimly lit.  Sally leaned against the wall, closing her eyes.  Her head still buzzing from her lack of sleep. Unfortunately for her, George was searching for somewhere he could speak to Sally alone.  She heard his footsteps shuffle in the hallway.
“I gave you an order.” He said to her.  His voice was sharp, sounding angry and hurt.  Sally opened her eyes to look at him. His hand reached for her arm.  She looked at him, he seemed sad to her like a disappointed child.   She was angry that he still wanted to give her orders.  She was angry with herself for wanting to stay with him.
“I don’t take orders from you or anyone else, Lord Southerton.”  Sally pulled away from him with ease, walking into the kitchen. Leaving George alone in the hall, and then she heard the faintest of whispers.
“But I need you, Sally.” George didn’t follow her. 
 Sally felt a small stabbing pain in her chest as her heart broke a little.  She did love him, and he needed her. ‘But he would never love me.’  She thought.  ‘Men like him don’t love girls like me.  They use us till there is nothing left and then they go looking for the next young thing to use.’
Pearl walked to the Southerton home alone.  The housekeeper greeted her; Pearl explained what she was looking for and she was shown to Amelia’s room.  Pearl stood in front of the wardrobe with both doors open searching for an appropriate gown for Amelia to wear to her impromptu wedding.  She selected a pretty powder blue gown and began her search for stockings and other undergarments for Amelia.

“Sally?” a man questioned from the hall.  Pearl shut the doors and stared at George Southerton.  “Oh, I thought Sally was collecting things for my sister.”
“I told Sally to stay at home, our house is now her home.” Pearl spoke flatly.
“But my sister gave her a direction.  Sally is her maid, she needs to listen to her employer.” George was beginning to get aggravated with people telling him not to order around servants.
Pearl threw the dress over her shoulder and stepped in closer to George.  She laughed in his face.  “You idiot.  Sally is no maid.  She traveled with your sister because I asked her to keep an eye on Amelia.  Sally has been my employment, mine and Robert’s.”
George stared at Pearl.  He knew from last night that Sally wasn’t one of Robert Deacon’s whores, and if she wasn’t a maid then what was she?  Before he had a chance to piece things together, Pearl slapped him.  He felt the sting of her hand across his cheek.
“I do hope that doesn’t leave a mark.  It would be a shame if Amelia saw that on your face.  Then you might have to explain what you did to her friend.”  Pearl smiled.
“I didn’t do anything.” George defended himself.  “Sally said she would spend the night with me.  What did she tell you?  Did she tell you I forced myself on her? Because she agreed, she agreed to everything.”
“Sally told me the same story, but I know what men like you do to women you think are beneath you.  I’ve seen your type many times before.  Keep your filthy hands away from Sally.”
“Or what, you’ll send your brother here next?”  George scoffed.
“No.”  Pearl crossed her arms and stared at him.  “I’d tell you that you’ll have to deal with me, but you have not seen Miss Spade’s skills.  I wouldn’t cross her if I were you.”  She walked slowly by him, “But you are a fool, so do what you like.”  Pearl scoffed as she walked down the hall.
Alone after the ceremony, George sat in his little office to contemplate Pearl’s meaning.  He began pouring himself a glass of brandy.  Sally was not a simple servant; did Deacon have another sister his father had hidden?  She was too old to be Robert’s daughter, perhaps she was the daughter of their eldest brother.  That didn’t make sense to him either.  Feeling a little dizzy he looked at his decanter, he had drunk most of the bottle by himself.  He sat down at his desk and rested his head on it.  He heard someone shuffle by his door.  Thinking it was his housekeeper he shouted at the woman.
“Mrs. Donovan, please leave me be.” 
“It’s not Mrs. Donovan, sir.”  George recognized the voice immediately.

“Sally,” his words slurred out of his mouth.  “What are you?”  She stared at him confused by his question.
“I don’t understand your question, Lord Southerton.”
She was mocking him, he was sure of it.  “Pearl, she said you’re no servant, and you’re not a whore.  What does that leave, Miss Spade?”  Sally’s brows drew together.  “You’re a witch, Sally.  That’s what you are.  You have put a spell on me and now you curse my whole household.”  He pushed himself to get out of his chair but stumbled back down.
	“I’m no witch, sir.”  She said, her eyes began to tear.  Sally straightened her spine and stepped closer to his desk.  
“Sally, my beautiful Sally.”  George reached for her hand.  He kissed her wrist and he attempted to pull her closer.  “All you had to do was stay.  Be my lovely Sally.”
Sally pulled her hand away.  “I can’t do that, sir.”  She rubbed the palms of her hands on her dress.
“I told you to stay.  Why don’t you listen to me?”  George shouted back in response.  He could not understand why she wouldn’t stay.
“I will not take your orders.” Sally yelled.  George jumped back in his seat.  “I will not take your orders, I will not take anyone’s orders.”  Sally stormed out of the home leaving George behind his desk alone and miserable.
Sally walked back to the Deacon home.  She opened the kitchen door and sat at the with Pearl. She propped her chin up with her left hand and let out a big sigh as Pearl stared at her with one eyebrow raised. Nancy poured them both a cup of tea.  Sally recounted what happened on her visit to the Southerton townhome.  Sally tried to hide the tears, but they rolled down her face.
	“Just like that, you left him there without a word?” Pearl said. 
	“Yes.”  Sally said and shrugged her shoulders.   Pearl continued to with her icy stare causing Sally to wiggle in her seat.   “There was nothing to say to him, Pearl.”  Sally shouted. Nancy glared at Sally making her feel like a misbehaved child.  Sally’s shoulders began to shake as she sobbed.  Nancy put an arm around the young woman.  “I walked out.” Sally spoke softer this time.
	“Are you going to say something to Amelia?”  Pearl asked.
	Sally crossed her arms and frowned.  Looking up at Pearl, Sally did the best to compose herself. 
	“Are you going to tell Amelia that your brother James forced her cousin to marry him?”  Sally asked.

	“You both need to let Miss Amelia and Mr. Deacon have their time together.  Neither one of them needs to be bothered by any of this other business right now.”  Nancy clucked. She stood next to Sally and rubbed the girl’s back. 
	Sally sighed again.  She smiled at Nancy for providing the motherly comfort.  “I’d feel better if Amelia never finds out.”  She pleaded with Pearl.
	“I’ll never tell a soul, dear.”  Pearl replied. “But what if the great Lord Southerton decides to tell his sweet sister what he did.”
	“He wouldn’t dare.”  Sally hissed.  “Besides, he’d be too embarrassed to breathe a word of what took place.”  
Someone tapped on the glass of the back door, Anabel Potter American heiress, daughter of Colin Potter a wealthy steel investor, bounced in.  Her chestnut hair hung loose and her large doe eyes glimmered with excitement.
“Sally Spade are you ready for our adventure?”  The young brunette bounced up and down.  Anabel had been planning on taking a trip to England to find herself a titled husband.  Sally had agreed to accompany her to help Anabel find someone from a respectable family on one condition.  Sally was going to pose as an American heiress, not a servant.
Sally put her head down on the table.  She was not ready for an adventure overseas with the exuberant girl.  
“No Anabel, I most definitely am not ready for your adventure.”  Sally huffed.
“You mean our adventure.” Anabel said with a large smile.
“Anabel, how old are you, sixteen?”  Sally questioned.  “Aren’t you a little young for this trip?”
“I turn eighteen next month.”  Anabel huffed.
	“You still haven’t taught me how to speak like a proper American and Amelia needs to give us etiquette lesions.  And have your parents agreed to this?”  Sally asked again.  Anabel’s smile began to fade.  She frowned a little and stared at the floor.  “Your parents don’t know, do they?” Sally continued.
	“No, but I want to do this now.”  Anabel sighed and sat down at the table.
	“Miss Potter,” Pearl began, “not only will you need to find a place to stay, but you will also need a chaperone and someone to introduce you to English society.”  Pearl smiled slyly as she tapped one long index finger on her chin.  “I might be able to help you with all of those accounts.”
	“What exactly do you have in mind, Pearl?” Sally asked.

	“Too many people fear my brother and would never turn away his new bride from their homes.  She would be able to procure invitations to any social event either of you desired to attend.  She will take you around if I ask her.”
	“Miss Southerton and Mr. Deacon have married.”  Anabel clasped her hands under her chin.  “But why are people afraid of Mr. Deacon?  He seems kind enough.”
	“Yes, my brother Robert married Amelia this afternoon.  But I wasn’t talking about Robert.”
	“She meant her other brother, James.”  Sally cringed.  She had helped Robert care for the man after an accident.  Each encounter was more than unpleasant.  
	“My eldest brother James, The Earl of Prescott, has recently married the widow Christine Denton.  She is the most pleasant woman I have ever met, and she is also Amelia’s cousin.”  Pearl replied.
	“You don’t mean for us to stay with Lord and Lady Prescott, do you?”  Sally asked.
	“Yes, of course.”  Pearl replied picking up her teacup and taking a sip of her drink.
	“No, absolutely not.  We will not be staying with that man.”  Sally shouted.
	“Why not?” Anabel asked.  “If they are kind enough to take us in, what is the problem.”
	“James is a little,” Pearl paused and thought for a moment of the right words, “cutthroat.” She finally answered.
	“No,” Sally said poking her finger into the table.  “Robert is a little cutthroat. Your brother James is a monster.”  She looked at expectant Anabel.  “We will find another way.”  Anabel frowned and slumped her shoulders.  
	“Oh, don’t listen to her, Anabel.  Sally is overreacting.  James is a teddy bear.”  Pearl waved her hand, dismissing Sally.
	“She has the bear part right,”  Sally mumbled.  “And who is our chaperone?”
	“Eddie.”  Pearl suggested like there was no question about it.
	“Pearl,” Sally shouted, her mouth hung open.  “Your mother is crazy.”
	“She is not,” Pearl said indignantly.  “Eddie is high spirited and a little unpredictable.”
	“Because of James.”  Sally replied.
Pearl sighed and crossed her arms.  “James is trying to reform.  Besides, he owes me a favor for watching over Robert.  It will also give Eddie something to do and keep her out of James’ way.”
	“No offense, Pearl.  But your mum is not exactly respectable.”  Sally smirked.  “And you would have watched over Robert whether or not James asked.”

	“Anabel,” Pearl turned to the young girl at the table.  “Do you want to have a good time, or do you want to have a respectable chaperone?”
	Anabel smiled.  “I want to have a good time.”  She replied with joy.
	“That’s not how these things work, Anabel.”  Sally interjected.  “English ladies do not have a good time.  They are poised, polite, and accomplished.  Everything we ain’t.”
	“Sally, you are worried for nothing.”  Pearl smiled.  “You and Miss Potter will both find fancy lords to marry and you both will live in the lap of luxury as respectable society ladies for the rest of your days.”
	“Pearl, the first time one of those fancy lords takes me to bed he will know I wasn’t respectable.”  Sally hung her head.
	Anabel smirked and looked at Pearl.  “She didn’t?”  Anabel knew of Lord Southerton’s attraction for her friend, having witnessed his odd behavior toward Sally.  She was also aware that Sally secretly desired the lord’s attention.
	“I’m afraid so.”  Pearl half-smiled, resembling Robert in the process.  
	“Pearl shut it.”  Sally shouted.
	“How did that happen?”  Anabel asked.
	“I don’t want to talk about it.”  Sally mumbled putting her head back down on the table.
	“She doesn’t want to talk about it.”  Pearl smiled.
Anabel paused, she smiled as a brilliant idea came to her.  “You’re a widow, Sally.”
	Sally picked her head off the table and stared at Anabel.  “What are you talking about?”
	“We will tell everyone you are a widow.  No one will know any different and it will explain your situation.”  Anabel suggested still smiling at her brilliance.
	“I don’t like the idea of pretending to be something I ain’t.” Sally complained.
	“Nonsense,” Pearl spoke up.  “all of those society women are pretending to be something that they are not.  And haven’t you been pretending to be different things all these years?”
	“That was for Robert.  And he paid me to be all those things.”  Sally replied.
	“I said I would pay you to accompany me.”  Anabel protested.
	“No,” Sally said.  “I agreed to go with you, and I will.  Pearl, make the arrangements with your family.”
	“Good.”  Pearl looked at Anabel.  “You go home and come back tomorrow for tea.  Through the front door like polite company, Anabel.  Hopefully, Mrs. Deacon will be up and agreeable to your etiquette lessons.  Sally, you and I will go to the dressmakers.  You can at least look like a fashionable lady.”
	Sally nodded her head.  “If you two ladies don’t mind, I need to be alone.”  She excused herself from the table and walked up to her room to sort through her last conversation with George.  Could she be satisfied with him if he didn’t love her?  Resting her head on her pillow she answered herself with a resounding ‘no’.  She deserved love.
Morning came, and as promised, Pearl took Sally to the dress shop.  Naturally, there was nothing ready in Sally’s size.  Pearl forced Sally to look at dress designs, fabrics, and to be measured for all types of clothing.  
“I think I’d be more comfortable in my trousers and shirt.”  Sally responded on their way home.
“Nonsense, Sally.” Pearl chided.  “If you want to fit in with society, you must look the part.  Even Miss Potter knows that.”
Mr. Clark met the women on their walk home.  “Miss Spade, I’ve been looking for you.”  He stopped and tipped his hat at the women.  “I’ve been to the Southerton home, but Mrs. Donovan informed me that you were no longer in residence.”  The older gentleman coughed, pulling a handkerchief out to wipe his lips.  “Come with me, Miss Spade.  I wish you to meet with my lawyer.” He held out his arm for the woman to take.
“Miss Spade and I have afternoon tea with Miss Potter, the middle Potter.” Pearl explained.
“Don’t worry, Miss Deacon.  I will have Miss Spade back in time for tea.  And please offer my congratulations to your brother and Mrs. Deacon.”  
Sally took Mr. Clark’s offered arm and headed to the lawyer’s office.  Inside the office, Mr. Clark offered Sally a seat and he sat down next to her.  He began to cough again.  Sally noticed the blood on Mr. Clark’s handkerchief.  He wheezed a few moments and coughed again. Before she could ask any questions a large stack of papers was placed in front of her.
“What is all this?”  She asked hesitantly.  
“You’re new fortune, Sally.  You are a wealthy girl. Just like I promised.”  He smiled at her.  “No more taking orders, no more relying on others, you are free to do what you wish.  Though I do suggest you speak to your former employer.  He might be able to make suggestions about growing your fortune.”
“I don’t think Lord Southerton will be speaking to me about anything.” She frowned at the forms in front of her.

“I meant Mr. Deacon.  From what I understand that young man has an incredible talent in investing in business opportunities.”    He looked at the girl with concern. “Has George done something to you, Sally.”
Sally smiled at him.  “No, Mr. Clark.  I was confused.  I forgot how good Mr. Deacon was with his money.”  Mr. Clark began to cough again.  “Are you alright, Mr. Clark?”  Sally asked, looking the older man over.
“I’ll be fine, Miss Spade.”  He smiled weakly at her.  “I have every confidence that you do just fine in business.”
The lawyer pushed papers in front of her and Mr. Clark handed her a pen.  Sally signed her name on every page, never having a chance to read a thing.  When they were finished, Mr. Clark led Sally into another office, his lawyer following close behind.  The new office was grander, the man at the desk appeared to have an overinflated sense of self.  Sally wrinkled her brow while looking at Mr. Clark.
“Well, isn’t she a young thing.”  The man addressed Mr. Clark.  “Is she in agreement with you?”
“Yes.”  Mr. Clark replied.  “Say you do, Sally.”
“I do?” She questioned.
“Good enough for me.”  The man replied.  “Kiss your bride and sign the license.”  Mr. Clark gave her a quick kiss on the cheek before signing the paper pushed in front of him.  He shoved the pen in Sally’s hand.
“What is going on?”  Sally asked.
“I thought you said she agreed?”  The man asked.
“She does.  She confuses easily.”  Mr. Clark patted Sally’s hand.  “She’s a pretty thing, though.”  He smiled.
“I do not.”  Sally protested.
“I suggest you sign the document, Mrs. Clark.”  The lawyer politely said behind her.
Sally turned to stare at the man.  Her mouth opening and closing, the words refusing to come out.  “I don’t understand.”
“See, I told you she gets confused.”  Mr. Clark pointed to the form.  “Just sign here.”  Sally bent over the desk to do as she was told.  “Remember, it’s Clark, not Spade now.”  Sally narrowed her eyes and signed the paper.  “Good girl.”  He said.  The judge got up from his desk, storming out of the room. Mr. Clark turned to his lawyer.  “Make sure that everything else is finished up with Mrs. Clark.”  Mr. Clark left the office first leaving Sally and the lawyer alone.

“He’s dying, ma’am.”  The lawyer said.  Sally’s eyes widened.  She shook her head in response.
“No, he’s not.”  She replied.
“He is.  I have been working on Mr. Clark’s last will and testament.  He’s too proud to talk about being sick.  I can trust you to keep this confidential?”  He asked her.
Sally nodded her head.  “Secrets are what I’m good at sir.” 
“Good. Let’s keep today’s events a secret as well.”  He said before leaving.  Sally nodded again.
 She ran down the steps to the street in hopes to find Mr. Clark, but the gentleman was long gone.  She headed back to the Deacon townhome.  Tea was being served; Anabel, Amelia, and Pearl were all waiting for Sally to return.  She pardoned herself and sat down at the settee.  Lessons carried through till lunch.  After the ladies took a break for an afternoon meal, Anabel worked with Sally on enunciation.  Sally rolled her eyes and grumbled.
“This isn’t going to work.”  Sally huffed.  “Everyone will see right through me.”
“Yes, it will. You just need to concentrate.”  Anabel whined.  
“Pearl still needs to write to her sister-in-law and mother to make sure that we have everything that we need.”
“I sent the letters off this morning after we visited the dressmakers.”  Pearl smiled from her desk. Sally crossed her arms, slid down in her seat, and frowned.
“Ah, ah, ah.  Sit up, Sally.  A lady always remembers her posture.”  Amelia corrected.  Sally groaned loudly.  “That is not a proper noise for a lady to make.”  Anabel began laughing and snorting.  “And that is not a proper laugh for a lady.”  Amelia said responding to Anabel’s noise.  Sally gloated.
“If you don’t mind,” The ladies turned to see Robert in the doorway of the drawing-room.  “I’d like to steal my wife back.”  Amelia blushed and ran to her husband.  “I wasn’t finished with you.”  He said taking Amelia back up the stairs.
“I don’t think they’re up to anything a proper lady would approve of.”  Sally snickered.  
“Let’s continue.”  Anabel said.
“Let’s not,”  Sally replied.  “My head is pounding with all these rules and I need to check on something.”
“It wouldn’t be George Southerton you need to check on, is it?”  Anabel asked. 
 Pearl dropped her pen on her desk.  Glaring at Sally Pearl said, “She better not, she said she would stay away from Lord Southerton.”

Sally felt her face flush and she wasn’t sure if it was out of anger.  ‘So much for not asking any questions’ she thought.  “No, I have some questions for Mr. Clark.  I thought I would ask him today before I forgot.”
“Oh, let me accompany you.”  Anabel suggested.
“No, this is private.  I want to be alone.”  Sally said before slipping out the door.  Anabel stepped over to the window and peered out into the street.
“Which direction did she turn, Anabel?”  Pearl questioned.
“She’s gone in the opposite direction of the Southerton home.”  Anabel said, her face still peering out into the street.
“Good, follow her,” Pearl replied.  “And do your best to make sure that you are not seen.  Our Sally is a tricky girl.”  Anabel nodded before heading out after Sally.
Sally headed to Mr. Clark’s office.  She entered his building and saw that his office door was locked.  She spoke to the secretary and inquired if Mr. Clark was still in. The woman at the desk informed Sally that Mr. Clark had gone home.  Sally remembered the way to his home from their first meeting.  She knocked on the door and was greeted by the housekeeper.  The older woman told her that Mr. Clark was ill.  Sally tried to argue that she had seen Mr. Clark herself that morning, but the woman did not want to let her in.   The housekeeper slammed the door in her face when Sally said she was Mr. Clark’s wife.
 Sally went around back, climbing the gate in the process.  One quick peek through a window by the back door let Sally know that there was no one around.  The bold woman walked in and searched for her friend.  She heard Mr. Clark’s cough coming from one of the upstairs rooms.  Sally walked in on her friend with his physician.  The surprised gentlemen stared at her.
	“Sally, what are you doing here?” Mr. Clark asked her.
	“It’s true.”  She replied.  “You are sick.”  Sally frowned at him.  Mr. Clark confided in Sally on many things, but he never told her that his health was failing. 
Mr. Clark nodded and dismissed his doctor.  “Yes, Sally.  I am very ill.  I have been trying to wrap up all my affairs that I can.  What brings my favorite pickpocket to my home and how did you get passed, my housekeeper?”
	“I came to see you and why wouldn’t your housekeeper let me in?  You would think that she would let your wife in through the front door.  Instead, I had to climb the fence and come in the back.”  She smiled, very pleased with herself.

Mr. Clark invited Sally to sit down and the two friends talked for a long time.  Mr. Clark picked up a small portrait that was sitting on his bedside table.  He handed it to Sally.
“That’s my Sara.  She died many years ago.  We didn’t have any children.  We were going to travel the world together.”  He said.  “Never got the chance.”  He sighed.
“Are you scared?”  Sally asked.  “Of dying?”
“No, I’ll get to be with Sara again.  She was a lovely woman.  Kind, charitable, always so giving.  She wanted to start a charity organization for children.  Make sure they had someplace safe to be.  It’s a shame she couldn’t have children of her own.  Sara would have been a wonderful mother.”
Mr. Clark started coughing again, uncontrollably this time.  For the first time since she was a small girl, Sally felt helpless.  She could do nothing to help her friend.  His fit stopped and Mr. Clark leaned back.  “I should let you rest.”  She said, patting Mr. Clark on the hand.  She tucked his blanket around him and told him she would be back tomorrow after her lessons.  Mr. Clark agreed, and Sally left.  This time, Sally walked right down the steps and out the front door.  Before she left, she passed the bewildered housekeeper.  “I’ll see you tomorrow at the same time.”  The mischievous Sally smiled.
Out in the street, Sally had the unmistakable feeling that she was being followed by someone.  She decided to duck down an alleyway.  When her stalker followed Sally into the confined space, Sally attacked leaving a confused Anabel on the ground.  Sally looked at the girl and gave her a hand to help her up.
	“You’re going around with Mr. Clark now too?”  Anabel asked breathlessly.
	“No!”  Sally shouted and then looked around to see if anyone heard them.  “No,” she whispered this time.  “Mr. Clark is my friend.  What are you doing following me?”  She hissed.
	“Pearl told me to watch you.  We wanted to make sure you weren’t going to see Lord Southerton.”  Anabel replied.
	“I said I was done with that man and I meant it.”  Sally raised her voice again.  She took Anabel by the arm and drug the girl back to the Deacon’s residence.  Inside, Sally burst into Pearl’s office.  Her face was twisted in a scowled.  “I told you both that I am not going to see George Southerton again.  I do not need to be followed like a child.  And I don’t need either of you trying to protect me, I take care of myself.”
	“I see that.”  Anabel said rubbing the back of her head.  
Amelia stood in the back of the room, her mouth open in shock.  Sally did not take notice of her when she walked in.  “Sally, what has been happening?”

	“Nothing.” Pearl, Sally, and Anabel all answered in unison.
	“Really, because I feel like I have missed out on something and you are all hiding it from me.”  Amelia crossed her arms and frowned.  She waited for one of them to speak, but when they didn’t she said, “I will confront George myself.”
	“Amelia, there is nothing for you to concern yourself with.”  Pearl stated.
	“Nothing for me to concern myself with.  Then why did you send Miss Potter to spy on Sally?  Obviously, you are concerned with something.”  Amelia glanced at Anabel who was shaking slightly.  “You know what happened, you tell me.”
	Anabel glanced at Sally.  The young woman was angry and still had a hold of Anabel’s arm.  “Oh no,” she replied.  “I’m more scared of her than you.”
	“Fine.”  Amelia said as she headed out of the room.
	“Wait.”  Sally said.  Amelia stopped and waited for an explanation. “We spent the night together.”  Amelia looked confused.  “It was the night you didn’t come home.  Please don’t say anything to him.  He’d be angry with me if he found out you knew.”  Sally stared at Amelia; her mouth still open.  Everyone’s eyes were on Sally.  She shuffled her feet waiting for someone to say something to her.   “I need to go.”  Sally let go of Anabel and headed for her room, slamming the door behind her. Leaving Anabel, Pearl, and Amelia in the drawing-room.
	“He made her an offer, Amelia.” Pearl said.  “He wanted to keep her locked up in his room where no one would find out what he was doing with her.  I think a part of her wants to go to him.”  Amelia looked at both women.
	“She won’t talk about it with me.”  Anabel said shaking her head.
Amelia stood in the room not knowing what to make of the entire situation.  She headed out of the house and walked quickly to her brother’s home.  Using the guise of leaving behind belongings, Mrs. Donovan showed Amelia to her old room.  Amelia looked around in the wardrobe and dresser drawers.  Not even a hairpin was left behind.  
	“Miss Spade did a thorough job of going through everything, Mrs. Deacon.”  The housekeeper said.
	“Did she speak to anyone on her way out?”  Amelia questioned.
	“I saw her and wished her the best of luck where ever her travels take her.”  Mrs. Donovan replied.

	“Mrs. Donovan, do you know about everything that goes on under this roof?”  Amelia questioned.
	“There is not one thing here that escapes my notice, Mrs. Deacon.”
Amelia smiled at the woman.  “If someone in the house were to have an affair with another member of the household, you would know about it.”
	Mrs. Donovan did not answer, she stared at Amelia for a moment and nodded her head slightly.  Amelia was sure that the woman had found out about what she and Robert were up to, but Amelia was also positive that the housekeeper knew what George had done with Sally.  “And how many times has my brother had affairs with staff members?  I know it’s none of my business.”  Amelia paused and looked down at her shoes.  There was nothing more she could say to justify the question she asked.
	“But your friend was involved, I understand.”  Mrs. Donovan replied. 
	“Mrs. Donovan, I have first-hand experience of how servants can be mistreated.  I would hate to find my brother doing the same thing.” Amelia said.
	“Lord Southerton is a good man.  He fancies himself in love with a young woman outside his rank.  You and I both know that one should not marry outside of one’s rank.  Miss Spade deserves better than to be a nobleman’s mistress.  And to answer your question, no your brother has never acted this way.”
	“Thank you, Mrs. Donovan.” 
	“Lord Southerton should be home shortly if you wish to see him, ma’am.  You could wait in his office.  That is where he goes when he comes home from work.”
	Amelia followed Mrs. Donovan to her brother’s office.  Amidst the neat piles of paperwork and ledgers were dishes from last night’s supper.  Blankets and pillows were on the leather couch.  Amelia looked around the room.
	“He lives in here now?”  She asked.
	“Yes, ma’am.  He takes all his meals here, he sleeps here, and only leaves to dress in the morning for work.  I worry about him.”  The lady replied.  Amelia nodded her head.  Mrs. Donovan left the room and Amelia sat at the desk waiting for George’s return.
	George climbed the steps to his home.  Letters from his solicitor in England were clutched in his hand.  He nodded to passing servants and went straight to his office.  He was surprised to see his sister sitting there waiting for him.
	“Georgie!”  She exclaimed throwing her arms around his neck.

	“Amelia, I didn’t expect to see you so soon.”  He hugged her back and then paused pushing her away.  His smile faded quickly.  “They told you, didn’t they?  They all told you what I’ve done.”  He scowled.  “I didn’t do anything wrong, Amelia.  I didn’t hurt her.”
	“I know Georgie.”  She replied softly.
	“I expect your husband to be paying me a visit shortly as well.”  He huffed.
	“Robert doesn’t know, and I found out by accident.  I have no intention of telling him.  If Sally wanted Robert to know, she would have told him by now.  I came to see you.”
	“I’m tired of everyone judging what we did.  She wanted me.”  He yelled.  George walked over to the couch and collapsed placing his face in his hands.  He still felt guilty about Sally, but he didn’t know why.
	“Georgie, is that why you are living in this room?  You can’t live like this.  Come with me.”  She said tugging on his arm.  “Come have dinner with us.  It will do you good to leave this space.”
	“I can’t, Amelia.  She’ll be there. And I can’t see her.”
	“Does she know how you feel about her?”
	“I asked her to stay with me and she said no.”
	“Sally doesn’t want to be someone’s mistress.”  Amelia replied.  “But maybe if you…”
	“Maybe if I what?  Court her?  Amelia, I can’t openly court a maid.  What would everyone think?”
	“You would still be welcome in my home.”
	“One home, out of how many?  I would be the laughing stock here, and the same would go for London.  Neither one of us would be accepted anywhere.  No, I’ll stay here thank you.”  He pulled his arm away.
	“Alright, Georgie.  But please don’t live in your office.  Father never worked like this.”  Amelia sighed on her way out.
	George opened his letters, reading them over.  One envelope contained a child’s birth certificate.  The second envelope had no return address.  George groaned it seems that all his mistakes were catching up to him at once.
	Sally spent her days with Amelia learning how to act like a proper lady.  In the afternoons, Anabel would teach her to speak like one.  When they were done, Sally would head over to Mr. Clark’s home.  They talked, played cards, and other games to amuse her friend.

	“How do I sound?  Do I sound like a proper American Lady?”  She asked proudly of herself. She had been dressing like a society lady for weeks.
	“Yes, Sally.  You sound proper now.  It will go well with that large fortune you inherited.”
	“Mr. Clark, I do not have that large of a fortune.  And I didn’t inherit anything.  You helped me make my money.”  She smiled and patted his hand.
Mr. Clark coughed hard.  He smiled at Sally and lightly squeezed her hand.  Wheezing, Mr. Clark gasped for breath before closing his eyes, his hand relaxed and grew still in hers.  Sally stared at him for a moment.
	“Mr. Clark?”  She questioned.  He did not respond.  “Mr. Clark?”  She whined, pulling her hand back.  She shook his shoulders and he still did not respond.  “Help,” She screamed.  “Someone please, help!”  His housekeeper and staff stormed in.  “He’s not talking.  He’s not breathing.”  She was confused, they seemed slow to move.  She watched in horror as someone pulled Mr. Clark’s blanket over his face.
	“It’s time to go now, ma’am.”  The housekeeper tugged on Sally’s arm and led her out of the room.
	“But he was just speaking with me.”  Sally cried.  Tears were rolling down her cheeks as the housekeeper sent Sally on her way.  Slowly she walked down the street to her home.  She opened the door and stumbled into the drawing-room.  Pearl and Amelia were speaking with someone, Sally’s eyes were unfocused as she walked in.  “He’s gone.”  She said lightly.
	“Who’s gone, dear?”  Amelia asked.
	“Mr. Clark.”  Sally sobbed.  Tears flooded her vision entirely.  “I was there, holding his hand, and then he was gone.”  Her knees felt week as her body shook.  Someone’s strong arms wrapped around her and lifted her off the ground.  Sally rested her head against his chest letting the tears flow, never looking at the man’s face.
	George held Sally in his arms.  Without a word, George carried her up the steps to the small guest room he had seen her exit on the morning of his sister’s wedding.  He sat down on her bed and held the young woman in his arms.  Running his fingers through her curls, George rocked her slightly and kissed her forehead. Picking up a blanket from the foot of her bed George wrapped Sally up like a child and lay her down.  Thinking it was best to let her rest, George left Sally to be.
	He walked down the step, past his sister and her sister-in-law, and out the front door.  The letter that he came to show Amelia and her husband still was in his pocket.  Amelia was trying to convince him to follow his heart and marry Sally, a serving girl, or whatever she was.  The letter in his pocket told him he was right.  Someone in England knew of his sister’s marriage to a man that used to run a whorehouse and that person was using that knowledge to blackmail the Southerton’s and Deacon’s.  They also knew about specific details of George’s fiercely guarded personal life.  He was leaving for London in a few days. Hopefully, he could flush the blackmailer out.
	Sally awoke and dressed herself the next morning.  She went downstairs to have her breakfast and begin her lessons with Amelia and Anabel.  Mr. Clark’s lawyer is sitting with Robert in the parlor.
	“Sally, you remember Mr. Brighten.”  Robert said.
	She nodded her head but didn’t think that Mr. Clark had introduced the man to her.  “Yes, sir.  Good morning.”  Sally extended her small hand to the lawyer.
	“Mrs. Clark.”  Mr. Brighten stood up to shake her hand.  Sally glanced at Robert.  His brows were drawn together in confusion.  She smiled and shrugged at Robert, she would have to explain everything to him later. “I have Mr. Clark’s will and there are several more things I need you to sign.”
	“Does this need to be done right now?”  Sally asked, her voice shaky.  She felt a lump swell in her throat at the thought of Mr. Clark.  “Mr. Clark hasn’t even been buried yet.  And I don’t want to think of legal paperwork.”
	“It’s understandable.” Mr. Brighten continued.  “But your late husband has left you a sizable fortune, along with his home in town and several other properties out west.  There is a lot to go over.  I am afraid that all of this can’t wait.”
	Sally took a deep breath.  “Properties? I own properties?” She questioned the man.  She watched Mr. Brighten open his briefcase and remove stacks of papers.  
	Robert stood to leave.  “I’ll leave you with Mr. Brighten, Sally.”
	Sally held her hand up.  “Mr. Deacon, could you stay?  You have more experience with deeds and financials.  I feel lost.”  She admitted as she sat down across from Mr. Brighten.  Robert sat next to her, placing his hand on hers patting it lightly.
	Mr. Brighten went onto explain that Mr. Clark had invested in a railroad that Sally now had a controlling interest in, there was a mine and a few ranches in South Dakota, and a hotel in San Francisco.  “Mr. Clark had plans to travel and explore.”  Mr. Brighten smiled.  “All of this will be in your name.”
	“Oh.” Was all Sally could say.
	“Shall I assume you have plans to move into Mr. Clark’s residence?”  Mr. Brighten asked.
	“I, oh.” Sally glanced at Robert at her side.  “I don’t know.”  She stared at Robert waiting for him to give her some direction.
	“Sally, this is your decision.” Robert said.

	“But, I…”  Sally mumbled holding the paperwork, doing her best to make heads and tails of everything before her.
	Robert reached over and took the paperwork from Sally.  He scanned the legal forms and smirked.  “Sally, with what Mr. Clark invested for you and the fortune he left you.”  Robert looked up at her.  “Sally you are a very wealthy woman.  You don’t need me to tell you what to do anymore.”
Sally sat for a moment.  She did her best to understand what she was being told.  “I don’t understand.  Why did Mr. Clark marry me?”  She asked Mr. Brighten.  Robert choked.
“Mr. Clark didn’t have any family to leave his fortune too.  He was also afraid that if he left things to his partners, his fortune and estates would be sold off.”  Mr. Brighten replied.  “He believed that if he left everything to one person, his holdings would stay together.  He was sure that if he left everything to his wife, no one could dispute his decision.”
“Oh,” Sally replied again.
“There will be those that challenge you, Mrs. Clark.  Do not make any mistake about that.  But I will be here to help you protect your assets.”  Mr. Brighten replied.  Sally nodded her head.  “One last thing.”  Mr. Brighten stood up.  He pulled a letter from his breast coat pocket and handed it to Sally.  “Mr. Clark left you a letter.  It might answer more of your questions.”  Mr. Brighten took his leave.
“I’ll leave you alone to read your letter.”  Robert said as he patted Sally on the shoulder as he left her.
Sally looked over her envelope.  Sally was scrawled neatly in Mr. Clark’s handwriting.  She opened the letter to see that it was dated the day that they were married.
To My Favorite Pickpocket,
	I hope you are not too angry with me for my deception.  I know I can trust you with anything, but I didn’t want word to get out of your new fortune.  Hopefully, by the time you read the letter, Mr. Brighten will have all the proper documents in place to ensure that everything is legally yours.  I want you to be happy Sally, chase your dreams, travel the world, explore everything till your heart’s content.  Don’t hide away with the Deacons for long.  And don’t delay your plans, you do not know what tomorrow will bring you.  Enjoy yourself.
								Your dear friend,
									Mr. Walter Clark.
She folded the letter, got up from her seat, and walked out of the room.  Sally followed her feet to the front door and continued walking till she crossed the street heading straight to Mr. Clark’s residence.  She stood on the front steps for ten minutes contemplating what to do next when the door opened in front of her.  Mr. Clark’s housekeeper stood in the doorway, the woman jumped at Sally’s presence.  
“Mrs. Clark.”  The woman squealed.  “We were expecting you back last night.”
“I, um, wasn’t…” Sally began.  “I didn’t know…”  She stopped, she wasn’t sure what to say.
“Well, no matter.”  The woman replied standing aside to allow Sally to enter the home.  “You’re here now.  And what were you doing just standing there?  Were you planning on knocking on your front door?”  the woman chuckled.  
The woman wrapped her arm around Sally’s shoulder and ushered her past the parlor.  Sally turned her head spotting Mr. Clark in his casket.  She shuddered as the housekeeper led Sally upstairs.
“Mr. Brighten came by last night.  He explained everything to us, dear.  I’m so sorry that I chased you off the other day.  But you know Mr. Clark.  He does enjoy his little secrets and games.”  She offered Sally a sympathetic smile.  
“Mr. Brighten explained everything?”  Sally asked.
“Yes, dear.  He explained how you inherited everything of Mr. Clark’s, your late husband.”  The woman said. 
“I see.”  Sally replied.  “And what of you and the rest of the staff, Mrs….?”
“Turner.”  The housekeeper smiled.  “Mrs. Turner, dear.  Mr. Clark left us all something, as long as we chose to stay in your employment.”
“Ah,” Sally said.  ‘Bribery’, she thought to herself.  Sally smiled as the housekeeper led her into a large bed-chamber.  Sheets were draped over the dresser, wardrobe, vanity, and chairs.  The bed was made, Sally could smell the fresh linen scent on the sheets.  
“This was the late Mrs. Clark’s chamber.  We thought you might like to stay here, we just started getting things together for you yesterday.”  Mrs. Turner said.
Sally walked over to the window and drew back the curtain.  From where she stood, she could easily see the street and the fence she scaled to get into the home.  She also had a lovely view of the small garden.  “Thank you, Mrs. Turner.  Are there any other arrangements that need to be made for Mr. Clark’s funeral?”  
“No, Ma’am.  Mr. Clark had everything taken care of.”
“Naturally.”  Sally smiled at herself remembering her friend fondly.  He had planned everything out.  “If you don’t mind, Mrs. Turner, I would like a few moments to myself.”
“Of course, dear. Please let me know if you need anything.”  Mrs. Turner said.  

Sally nodded her head and clutched the curtain as Mrs. Turner left her.  She took a deep breath and tried to relax her shoulders.  A clock ticked softly in the next room and Sally remembered the timepiece that was on Mr. Clark’s mantel.  
“How long do you plan on staying at that window?”  Pearl’s sarcastic voice sounded behind her.
Sally jumped and turned around.  Pearl and Amelia stood behind her.  Sally blinked her eyes and noticed that the position of the sun had changed, she had been standing at the window for hours and it was now late afternoon.
“What are you planning on doing, Sally? You can’t stare out the window all day.”  Amelia said to her.
“I don’t know.”  Sally said.  “I’m not sure I want to stay here.”  She continued. 
“Yes, you have that trip with Anabel soon.”  Amelia replied.
“No, that’s not what I mean.”  Sally said.  Slowly she turned to face her friends.  “Mr. Clark told me to travel and explore.  I plan on doing that.”
“You’re going to stay in England?”  Pearl asked.
“No.” Sally said with a smile.  “I’m not.  And I’m not going to come back here.  I want to see the world.  I have the means, I might as well do it.”
“Sally,” Amelia began. “Do you remember the trip over here?  You were sick the entire time?”
“I’m sure I’ll get used to it.  Besides, some places you need to travel by train.  And I want to do that.”
“Alright, Sally.  Since you have everything planned.  What are you going to do with the house?”  Pearl asked in her flat tone.
“I’ve thought of that too.”  Sally replied, sitting down for the first time.  “I’ve watched the people go up and down the street.  I’ve seen children that look like they need a meal.  I’ve seen children trying to pickpocket.  I’ve seen people begging in the street.  I’ve been lucky, Pearl.  Robert found me, and Mr. Clark helped me.  I want to open a home for children.  Not a workhouse, but a place for children to sleep, and go to school, and be fed.  Someplace safe.”
“You want to open an orphanage.”  Amelia said.
“That’s all fine and good, but orphanages can be awful places as well.”  Pearl stated.  
“Not if it were run properly.”  Sally said smiling directly at Pearl.
“Who did you want to run your orphanage?”  Pearl asked narrowing her eyes.
“You.”  Sally said sweetly.

“Me?”
“Yes, you and Robert, with Amelia’s help,”  Sally replied.  “I would need to make sure this place didn’t turn into another whorehouse.”  She continued.  Amelia laughed.
“Why me, Sally?”  Pearl asked.
“Because you and I, we know what’s out there.”  Sally said pointing to the window.  “We’ve been those children.”
	“So have I.” Amelia replied.  Both Sally and Pearl looked at her.  “Yes, I did have a place to live, but I was abused.  No child should have to go through that.”
“I don’t like children.”  Pearl said.
“She’ll do it,”  Amelia said.  Pearl frowned.  “I’ll be here to help and so will Robert.  It’s a wonderful idea, Sally.  Who do you need to speak with to get things started?”
“Mr. Brighten I suppose.”  Sally shrugged her shoulders.
“Well, since you are planning on leaving you should probably see him soon.”  Amelia replied.
“I think I will stop by and see him today.”  Sally replied and stood up.  She walked to the door and found Mrs. Tuner lingering in the hallway.  The woman jumped upon seeing Sally.  “Mrs. Turner.”  Sally smiled at the housekeeper.  “Please have all the staff here this evening around seven pm. I would personally like to address everyone.”  Sally didn’t wait for the housekeeper to reply, she left the house followed by Amelia and Pearl.
Sally walked into the Deacon’s townhome with Amelia and Pearl; she started for the steps.  She heard someone clear their throat as she walked by the sitting room.  Slowly she turned to see Mr. Potter sitting there with Anabel.    Mary Beth and Martha sat together in a corner, frowning with their arms folded over their chests.  Their mother, Ann, sat close to her other daughters.  Mrs. Potter surveyed the room silently.  Sally smiled and stepped away from the stairs.
“You’ve finally told your father.”  Sally said.  Anabel frowned and stared at the floor.
“I don’t approve.”  Mr. Potter said quickly.  “I don’t approve of my daughter taking off with some maid and traveling about the English countryside doing God only knows what without supervision.”
Anabel began to sob.  “I tried to explain that there will be a chaperone.”
“And where will you stay, Anabel?  How much will this hair-brained scheme of yours cost me?  Become a titled lady indeed.”  The man scoffed.

“It’s not that farfetched of an idea.”  Sally replied.  “I read about a socialite in New York marrying an English Lord not that long ago.  It was in all the papers.”
“I can read.” The man shouted.  “I’m surprised that you can.”  Martha and Mary Beth snickered at their father’s words.
Sally opened her mouth to shout back at the man; Amelia placed a cool hand on her shoulder.  She had entered the sitting room with Pearl and Robert. “It is a rather common plan, Mr. Potter.  And we made arrangements for your daughter.  There is nothing to worry about.”  Robert said.
“Without speaking to me first.”  Mr. Potter huffed.  “And what of Mary Beth?”  Mr. Potter turned his attention to Anabel.  “Did you think about her, she’s been looking for a husband as well.  And Martha will be having her coming out soon too.”
“Maybe if my sisters were kinder to people.”  Anabel muttered out loud.
“We are kind!”  Mary Beth shouted from the corner.
“Kind?”  Amelia replied.  Mary Beth and Martha stared at Amelia from the corner.  “I would hardly call the gossip that the two of you spread as kind,”  Sally smirked as the other Potter sisters shrunk into their seats.  “Your sister has figured out that social climbing is a matter of making the right connections, not some game you have tried to turn it into.  Anger the wrong people and you and your entire family will become social outcasts.”
“My sisters are the reason why I’m searching for a husband abroad.”  Anabel said.  She turned to her sisters.  “Don’t you realize that we are only welcome in homes because of father?”  Both girls frowned.  “We are tolerated at best.  No good family here wants to be associated with us.”  She looked back at her father.  “Please, let me go.  If I make a good match, my sisters will benefit from it.”  She pleaded.
“But where will you be staying, Anabel?  And who is going to be chaperoning you? Not this woman.” Mr. Potter pointed to Sally.
“Mr. Potter,” Robert began.  “Sally and Anabel will be staying with my brother and his wife.  Lord and Lady Prescott have a fine townhome in London.  Lady Prescott has agreed to take both ladies to various outings during the season.  Also, Miss Edith White, my former governess, has agreed to chaperone the ladies.  Everything has been arranged.”
Mr. Potter pondered Robert’s words.  “And how do I know that my sweet and trusting Anabel won’t get involved with a family that is only interested in her for her money.  I don’t want to worry about her safety.”

“That is where I come in.”  Sally replied.
Mr. Potter crossed his arms and snorted.  “What do you think you can do.  You’re just some maid.”
Robert and Pearl laughed.  “I’m not just a maid.”  Sally said.  “I can find out anything about anyone.”
“I find that hard to believe.”  Mr. Potter said.
“Mr. Arthur Potter.  Your mother was a poor Irish immigrant that took in washing and boarders among other things, to make ends meet.”
“That’s hardly a secret.”  Mr. Potter replied.
Sally leaned in close and whispered.  “But your parents were never married.  Your father was a nameless border that your mother took in.”  Sally stood up and watched as Mr. Potter turned bright red and squirmed in his seat.  “I also know what other things your mother did to keep food on the table.”  Sally smiled knowingly.
“How could you possibly know any of that.”  Mr. Potter choked, pulling on the collar of his shirt.
“You see, Mr. Potter,” Robert said placing a hand on Sally’s shoulder.  “Before I agree to do business with a man, I like to know a little about them first.”  He glanced up from Mr. Potter to stare at Mrs. Potter, still sitting quietly with her other daughters.  “Or should I say, woman.”  He smiled at the lady.  “I had Sally investigate you, Mr. Potter.  She’s the one who found everything out about your business, your family, everything.”
“That’s enough, Mr. Deacon.”  Mrs. Potter stood up from her seat.  “There are things that even our girls don’t know, and we’d prefer to keep it that way.”  The woman straightened out her skirts.  “I see now that Miss Spade is good at what she does.”  Sally smiled.  “And I see that our daughter would be safe traveling in your company.  I am however concerned with my daughter in the company of someone the likes of Lord Prescott.  I have done my investigation on your family, Mr. Deacon.  I too like to know whom I am doing business with as well.”
“Our eldest brother….” Robert began.
“I know all about your brother.  I know about his first marriage.  I even know that Miss Edith White was more than your governess.”  She stared at Pearl, Mrs. Potter’s gaze was as cold and stony as Pearl’s

“Our brother will make sure that Anabel is cared for properly.  Sally will make sure that Anabel doesn’t get involved with any nefarious families.  Miss White will make sure that Anabel is the picture propriety while she is introduced into London society.” Robert said.
Mrs. Potter stepped forward and placed a hand on Anabel’s shoulder.  “You will write every day.  No exceptions, Anabel.”
Anabel jumped from her seat and squealed.  “Thank you.” She cried as she hugged her mother.
“I mean it, Anabel.  And you will behave yourself.  We do get the society pages out here.  Do not embarrass your family.”  Ann squeezed her daughter back.  “Come along, girls.  Arthur, we have work to do.”  Mrs. Potter led her family to the front door.  She paused and looked back at the Deacons and Sally.  “I can trust you to keep our secrets.”  She said.
“If you will keep ours.”  Robert replied.
Mrs. Potter nodded her head and led her daughters and husband out the door.
“Who knew that woman ran everything.”  Amelia said.
“I did.”  Sally smiled.  “Mr. Clark asked me to look into them first.”  She left her friends for the quiet of her room.  
Sally had a meeting with her new staff, a trip to Mr. Brighton’s office, and packing to do.  All she wanted at that moment was silence.  She discussed her idea with Mr. Brighton about turning Mr. Clark’s home into an orphanage.  A place for children to grow and prosper.  He drew up the necessary documentation.  Sally worked out of Mr. Clark’s office while she made arrangements for the townhome.  Many of the staff agreed to stay and Sally made sure they were compensated handsomely for their work.  One afternoon, Mrs. Tuner knocked on Sally’s office.
“Excuse me ma’am. A Miss Mary Beth Potter wishes to meet with you about the orphanage.”  Sally looked up to see the eldest Potter sister smiling behind Mrs. Turner.
“Alright, I suppose I have time.”  Sally replied.  Mrs. Turner stepped aside to allow Mary Beth in.  Sally gestured toward the seat opposite of her.  “And what brings you by, Miss Potter?”  Sally asked.
“Anabel has been talking extensively about your plans to open an orphanage.  I’d like to help.  And please call me Mary Beth.”
“Why?”  Sally asked.
“Why?” MaryBeth repeated.
“Yes, why do you wish to be involved?  I thought this type of work was beneath you.”
“Oh, no, ma’am.  I take care of the paperwork for mama and papa.  I’m sure I could do the same here.”
“But you still haven’t answered why.”
“Because I enjoyed working for father.  But now they want me to concentrate on finding a husband, so I don’t have to work.”  MaryBeth looked down at her lap.  Her hands folded neatly.  “Anabel is right, no one wants to be associated with our family.  I’m tired of searching for someone who would care for me and I don’t want to hold out hope that Anabel will find a proper match that could help me.  I’m getting old and soon I will be an old maid.  I might as well find something proper to do with myself and I believe that helping children would be it.”
“You can’t be much older than I.”  Sally said with a smile.
“Mrs. Clark, I’m turning twenty-five.  I should have a house of my own to care for.”
Sally put her pen and paper down.  Robert and Pearl made sure that Sally had a basic education, but she found the paperwork tedious and overwhelming.  Even when Mr. Clark was teaching her about his businesses, Sally would feel overwhelmed.  Sally was a hands-on woman, not someone to be bogged down in paperwork.  She slid her paperwork across her desk to Mary Beth.  “Mary Beth, if you can make heads and tails of this paperwork you’re hired.”
	Mary Beth picked up the paperwork and looked through them, smiling.  “Mrs. Clark.”  She said as she stood up and extended her hand.  “You won’t regret this.”
Weeks later, Sally was in her guestroom at the Deacons home. She had decided it was foolish to move her things to Mr. Clark’s home if she was planning on leaving the country so soon.  Her trunks were packed with all her new fine dresses and gowns.  Mr. Clark had left her some of Sara’s jewelry, she packed a few things for fancy gatherings.  Amelia stood in the doorway watching Sally pack.
“Are you taking everything with you?” Amelia asked.
“I might as well. I won’t know what I’ll need.”  Sally replied looking over all her belongings that were being packed away.
“Do you plan on coming back?”
Sally stood straight and looked at her friend in the eye.  “No.”  She said.  “I’m going to travel.  I have the means, I might as well see the world.”  She smiled.
“Oh.”  Amelia frowned.  
“I’ll be back to visit.”  Sally crossed the room and hugged Amelia.  “You know I couldn’t stay away from you all.”
“I know, Sally.  But you will be missed immensely.”  Amelia said.  “Robert wanted to see you in his office.  I don’t know what it’s about, but he said that you would understand.”

“Ah,” Sally replied stepping away.   “I should see what he needs right away.”  She smiled as she headed for Robert’s office.
The office door was open, and Robert smiled as she nocked.
“You wanted to see me, sir?” she said.
“Sir?  Really?  I think with what you inherited and what you made on your own, you are wealthier than this former lordship.”  Robert replied warmly.
“Old habits.”  She said smiling at her former boss.
“I wanted to know, does little Sally Spade plan on doing anything other than sightseeing with Ms. Potter?”
“You mean Mrs. Sara Clark.”  Sally corrected him.
“Oh, you are changing your name?”  Robert asked.
“I wanted to make sure no one knew me.  And the original Mrs. Sara Clark was a lovely woman.  Mr. Clark and Mrs. Tuner told me stories about her.  I thought that if I pretended to be Mrs. Sara Clark it would honor Mr. and Mrs. Clark.  They both wanted to travel and never took the opportunity.”  She smiled. 
“Ah, well.”  Robert began. “I have a job for Sally Spade the spy and thief.  Do you think Mr. and Mrs. Clark will allow it?”  He asked.
“Anything for Robert Deacon.”  She said.  “You saved my life.  I would still be in a gutter in London if it weren’t for you.”
Robert motioned for Sally to sit across from him.  Sally sat, her feet crossed at the ankles and her back straight not even touching the chair.  “Already behaving like a lady.”
“It’s easier to stay a lady than to switch back and forth.”
“You might have to with what I’m about to ask.”  He said.  Robert pushed a letter across his desk to her.  “Read this please.”
Sally scanned the letter.  Someone knew Amelia Southerton didn’t die, they also knew that she was working for Robert Deacon in his whore house.  She lifted her head to meet Robert’s gaze.  “This isn’t true. Amelia didn’t do any of those things in this letter.  She was your housekeeper.”  Her voice soft, hiding a rage that she tried to hold back.  Her fist clenched around the letter and her jaw tightened.  “I’ll kill the person who wrote such slanderous things about her ladyship.”  She growled.
“Well, there’s a bit of my old Sally.  In a nice ladylike package.”  He chuckled.
“How can you laugh when someone tells such lies about your wife?”  Her voice rising.

“Sally, I am very angry.  But short of packing up and going back to England, I can’t do anything. Well, I could pay the blackmailer.  I have no intention of doing that.”
“You could come with us.”  Sally replied.  “Anabel and I can delay our trip.  You and Pearl, and Amelia, we could all go back together.”
“I’m afraid it’s not that simple.”  Robert said.
“Why not?”
Robert smiled.  “I didn’t want to say too much, we haven’t even told Pearl.  Amelia is expecting.  
I can’t drag her across an ocean, and I won’t leave her home.”
“You need me.”  Sally said.
“Let me make this clear.  I do not need the talents of Mrs. Sara Clark, as fine as they might be.  I need Sally Spade, the thief, the lockpick, the spy, the cheat, and liar.  Understood?”
“Yes, sir.”  Sally smiled.
Robert pushed a silver hair comb across his desk.  “Here, I had this made special for you.  In case you are somewhere as Mrs. Sara Clark and Sally Spade is needed.”  Sally picked up the comb to inspect it.  “It breaks apart and hooks back together again.  The pieces can be used to pick locks.”
Sally picked up the hair comb and inspected the intricate silver pieces.  They appeared to intertwine and coil together.  She pulled on a piece that was twisted on the end and it snapped off from the rest.  Robert smiled at her fascination. “Very handy.”  She replied as she put the comb back together.
“I thought you might like that.” Robert said.
“Have you spoke to Lord Southerton?”  She asked.
“About the letter, or the tryst between the two of you?” He replied.
Sally felt her cheeks burn as they flushed.  She glanced down at her lap.  “I didn’t realize you were aware of that.”
“I wasn’t until Miss Potter prattled on about it.  I believe she was under the assumption that I already knew, and she wanted to know what I was going to do about it.  She told me everything, how he followed you about, how he accosted you when the two of you were alone, and what happened the night before Amelia and I wed.”  Robert paused, he watched Sally’s face.  Her shame evident as she clutched at the arms of the chair.  Her cheeks turned bright pink as she stared at the floor.  “Sally, why didn’t you come to me?   You could have come back here to work at any time.”

“Pearl wanted me to watch Amelia.  And I didn’t want to leave her, she was miserable in her brother’s house.  She said I was her only trusted companion.  I couldn’t abandon her.”
“But Sally…”
“I can take care of myself.”  Sally stood up from her chair.  “You and Pearl and Sam made sure of that.  He couldn’t hurt me.”  Her entire face was red, and she shook a little.
Robert looked at the woman who stood before him.  She was much different from the dirty urchin he rescued all those years before.  He felt responsible for her.  “I’ll call him out, Sally.  I’ll defend your honor.”
“And what, force Lord Southerton to marry me?  Are you mad?”  She breathed. “He will laugh at you, I’m just a maid to him.  I’m not the daughter to someone important.  You tell everyone he defiled me, and he will tell them all that Sally Spade is just a maid who used to clean up in a whore house.”
“You are important to me, Sally.”  Robert said.  “Besides, you are now Mrs. Clark, not Sally Spade.  You are a wealthy widow.  That does carry some weight.”
“And this happened all before I was Mrs. Clark.  It will do no good.”  Robert opened his mouth to speak.  “Please, Robert.  Let this go.  As you said, I am Mrs. Clark, a wealthy widow.  Sally Spade the whore house maid no longer exists.”
“I believe that there is more to becoming Mrs. Sara Clark than just honoring your late husband’s memory.”  He said.  Sally frowned.  “Alright, Sally.  You want me to pretend this didn’t happen, I will respect your decision.  I will speak to George after you leave.  This blackmailer might ruin some of his business dealings here.  I might also shoot him, I still haven’t decided.”
“Amelia would be furious with you.”  Sally smirked.
“I didn’t say I would kill him.  Just wound him a little.”  Robert smiled.  “Pack this letter away somewhere safe.  You know what needs to be done.”
Sally nodded, picking up the letter and comb.  She headed back to her room to finish her packing.
In the morning, Nancy made Sally and Anabel something to eat and food to take on the journey.  Robert hugged Sally and shook Anabel’s hand.  Pearl and Amelia went with the ladies to see them on their way.  Once they were back home, they met with Robert.  He was pacing the parlor floor.
“We have a problem.”  He said.
“What problem could there be?”  Amelia asked.
“Your brother has left the country.  He left for London a few weeks ago.”

“Why would that be a problem?” Pearl asked.  “London is a crowded town.  I doubt very much that Lord Southerton and Mrs. Clark will run into one another.  Sally and Anabel will be busy attending social functions.  Lord Southerton rarely leaves his office.”  Robert appeared to relax a little and stopped his pacing.
“Unless he decides to call on our cousin.”  Amelia said.
“Then we might have a problem.” Pearl replied.  Robert tensed up immediately.  
Amelia went to his side and put her arms around her husband.  “Do not worry.  Everything will work out just fine.”  Amelia smiled and led Robert from the room.  Her voice was steady and sure, but the look she gave to Pearl suggested anything but.
	Sally set foot on the gangplank walking down to the dock.  She glanced around her surroundings, she had spent many nights out here.  First picking pockets, later running errands for Robert.  Not much hand changed, she was the same Sally but in a different package.  Anabel clutched Sally’s elbow. The girl’s excitement evident in the grin spread on her face.  Eddie stood on the docks waiting for them.  Another woman stood next to Eddie.  The lady tall and slender with grey eyes and brown hair coiled neatly atop her head and tucked under a feathered hat.
	“Sally Spade.”  Eddie squealed as she ran to the young woman.  She squeezed Sally.	
	“Miss White,” Sally replied smiling at Pearl’s mother, speaking in her best American accent.  “It’s Mrs. Clark.” She curtsied at Eddie’s companion.  “It is Mrs. Sara Clark.”  Sally smiled and gestured to the girl at her side. “And this is my cousin, Anabel Potter.”  Anabel bobbed and smiled.  “Her father and my late husband worked closely together,”  Sally explained.
	“Ah yes,” Eddie responded.  “Pearl mentioned you were married.  Come along, Mrs. Clark.” Eddie winked. “Miss Potter, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance.  I’m Edith White.”  Eddie extended her hand to Anabel.  “Call me Eddie, everyone does.”  Eddie smiled brightly and gestured to the elegant lady at her side.  “This is Lady Christine Prescott.” The tall brunette curtsied slightly.
	“It’s a pleasure to meet you both.” Christine smiled.  “Our carriage is this way ladies. The footman can help with your trunks.” Christine directed Sally and Anabel to a great black carriage with the Prescott crest, a red shield with three swords going through it.  
A footman jumped down and opened the door, helping the ladies in.  The walls of the coach were lined in a dark red satin and the seats were covered in a crushed velvet of the same color.  Sally climbed in and rested her head against the wall behind her.

“Ooh, Sally, we finally made it.”  Anabel squealed.  “Sorry.” The young girl corrected herself. “I mean Mrs. Clark.  I keep forgetting myself.”
“It’s alright, Anabel.” Sally groaned with her eyes still closed.  “Everyone here knows who I am.” 
“Then why haven’t you started speaking like your old self?”  Anabel asked.
	“I find it much too difficult to switch back and forth between.”  Sally huffed as she massaged her temples.
	“I’m so excited to finally be here.  This is grand, Lady Prescott.  Isn’t it grand, Sally?”  Anabel giggled clasping her hands under her chin.
	“Anabel, please.”  Sally sighed clutching both sides of her head. “We’ve discussed this.  Mrs. Deacon told you that you shouldn’t prattle on.  And I have yet to recover from our voyage.  I told you how sea travel disagrees with me.”
	Eddie and Christine settled themselves across from their guests.  “When you are settled and feeling better I would love to hear about my cousin, Mrs. Clark.”  Christine smiled and patted Eddie on her knee.
	Sally kept her eyes closed for the duration of their ride to the Prescott townhome.  They filed out of the coach and followed Christine inside.  “Please excuse the mess,”  Christine said leading her guests into her home.  “I’ve hired a few men to help modernize the townhome.”
	“And next she will change my family’s country estate.” Grumbled a voice in the darkened hall.  Lord Prescott stepped forward, leaning heavily on his cane.  He was tall and broad-shouldered like his brother Robert.  His dark blond hair loosely curled past his shoulders and he lumbered toward the ladies.  Anabel squeaked and grabbed Sally’s hand.  “Christine,” the earl pointed at Sally and Anabel.  “who are these two?” He stepped closer to the ladies.  His eyes narrowing as he stared at Sally
	“James, we spoke of this.”  Christine explained.  “This is Miss Anabel Clark from America.  And this is,”
	“Sally Spade.” His gruff tone caused Anabel to shake.
	“No, this is Mrs. Sara Clark.  They are cousins and they are from America.” Christine corrected.
	“Christine, I know who this is.” James pointed at Sally with his cane.  “She works for my brother and she is not from America.  Nor does she have any family.  She is a pitiful street urchin my brother and sister took in.  Miss Spade, what dirty deed does my brother have you doing?”  Sally unraveled herself from Anabel’s embrace and calmly strode up to James Deacon, the Earl of Prescott.  The man towered over her and grunted. “Well, Miss Spade?  I’m waiting?”  Anabel whimpered.

	Sally kicked James’ bad leg as hard as she could, causing the earl to howl in pain.  Eddie laughed heartily as the earl jumped up and down on his good leg.  “It’s none of your damn business why I’m here.” Sally shouted.
	“It’s my house and I have a say as to who stays under my roof.” He shouted back.
Sally stormed off and headed for the darkened stairway.  “I’m exhausted, I’m freezing, and I’m seasick.  Someone, please show me to my damn room.  And why are there no damn lights in this home.”  Sally screamed as she stomped up the steps.
	“I’ll be right up, dear,”  Eddie replied laughing.  “I love Sally, you never know what that girl is going to do.”  Eddie followed Sally up the steps.
	“Anabel, get up here.”  Sally shouted.
Anabel looked to Lady Prescott who appeared to be mildly amused.  She then looked at the growling earl.  “Sorry, sir.”  Anabel offered weakly.  “When Sally’s in a temper like this, it’s best to do what she asks.”  Anabel ran to the stair.  “Coming, Sally.”  She shouted back.
	Christine calmly walked over to her husband with a faint smile on her face.  She wrapped her arms around him, allowing him to lean on her.  “You would find this amusing.” James grumbled to his wife.
	“Let’s go to the sitting room husband.  The mean little girl is gone.  I’ll get you a fluffy pillow for your leg and pour you a brandy.”  Christine teased as she led James off into the sitting room.	
Several hours later after going back and forth with his wife on how she did not inform him who their houseguests were going to be, James sought out the solitude of his office.  Sitting behind his desk with her stockinged feet propped up on top was little Sally Spade smoking one of his cigars.  
	“‘Ello, me lord.”  She greeted him with her full cockney accent and a bright smile.  “Was wonderin’ when you might come in here.”
	“I thought you were sleeping.” He grumbled.
	“I feel much better now. Thanks for askin’” she laughed.
	“Kindly remove your feet from the top of my desk.” He growled as he approached her.  “And stop smoking my cigars.”  He glanced at the door behind them. “Christine does not care for them.”
Sally straightened up in her seat and put her cigar out.  “How did you end up with such a sweet and pretty wife?”
	“Christine required my protection.”  James replied.
	“Ya tricked the sweet thing, didn’t ya.” She smiled.

	“I didn’t trick Christine,” James shouted at Sally making the woman’s smile all the wider.  “Someone was blackmailing her.”
Sally perked up at the mention of blackmail.  “Who would blackmail such sweet woman?  I bet she never hurt a fly.”  Sally asked in earnest.
James shooed Sally from his seat.  She got up allowing him to sit in his desk chair, taking a place in the chair opposite him.  “That’s the thing that’s been bothering me.” James said as he sat down carefully in his chair.  “Christine is a sweet and wonderful woman.  But people knew that the late Lord Denton did not enjoy the intimate company of women.  He had a lover named Mathew Fullcroft.”  He paused waiting for Sally to question him, but she gestured for him to continue.  “Someone was threatening to tell everyone that Lord Denton’s son did not belong to him.  Just the rumor itself would call into question the child’s legitimacy.  The child could have lost his title and fortune, leaving the two destitute.”
	“Why?” Sally questioned.  “She doesn’t seem the type to have enemies.”
	“She doesn’t.  Christine had told the story to Eddie one afternoon and Eddie pestered me to help the woman.  I questioned Christine and she assured me that her son was legitimate.  She explained her arrangement with her late husband.  As long as she provided him with one legitimate male heir, she could have as many lovers as she pleased, as long as she was discrete with her affairs.  Lord Denton would continue with his affair with Fullcroft and everyone would be happy.”
	“An ex-lover, then?” She asked.
	“No, Christine never took one.  She was happy to be away from her parents and Lord Denton offered her complete independence.”
	“Fullcroft, perhaps?”
	“That is what I initially thought.  Christine said that she and Fullcroft were on friendly terms.  When her husband left his lover a sizable fortune, Christine didn’t dispute it.  I questioned the man myself and he does care for Christine in a brotherly fashion.  He was even upset that she chose to marry me for protection.”  He replied.
	“Did the blackmailer continue with his threats after the marriage?” She asked.
	“They sent me a note.  I sent a reply.  I told them to say what they wanted, Christine and her son have my fortune to care for them.  That was months ago, and I haven’t heard back from them since.”

Sally regarded James for a moment before she continued to speak.  “It’s funny that your wife was the target of blackmail.  Your new sister-in-law has also been the target of blackmail.  Your brother intercepted her letter.  Sally handed James a crumpled-up note.
James opened a drawer in his desk and pulled out a letter and laid both letters next to each other on his desk.  “The handwriting is similar.” He grunted.  “Our blackmailer must know both women.”
	“That rules a lot of people out, especially since many believed Mrs. Deacon died when she was sixteen.”  Sally smiled.  “Does your wife have an idea of who this might have been?” Sally questioned.
	James shook his head in response.  “She didn’t, but I believe she was too afraid to think clearly.  And since those threats have stopped, neither one of us have given it any more thought.”
	“So, it could have been you then?”  Sally questioned.
	“It could have been,”  James admitted.  “I did get a lovely little deal from Christine.” He smiled.  “But I don’t know anything about my sister-in-law, and I gain nothing from blackmailing her or my brother.” James handed the note back to Sally.  “And I was right, my brother did send you back here with an agenda.”
	“Partly right.” She replied.  “I’m here to help Miss Potter find a titled husband in need of a fortune.  Someone that won’t abuse her.  Lucky for Robert, he happened to receive this letter shortly before our departure.”
	“And what of your agenda?”  He asked.  “The Sally Spade I know doesn’t do anything for anyone unless there is something for her to gain.”
	“There is nothing for me to gain.” She said.  “I made a few investments when I relocated with Amelia and a dear friend of mine left me his fortune after he passed away.”  Sally smiled. “So, you see, there is nothing more for me to gain as I have everything I always wanted.”
	“No titled husbands for you?” He smirked.
	“Good God, no.  I could never take orders from one of you sniveling entitled little shits.”  She laughed.
	“I do not snivel.”  He replied to her.  “What else does Miss Spade require from me this evening, other than insults?”
	“Nothing.”  She replied.  “Your sister said you were a changed man; I wanted to see it for myself.”
	“I doubt that very much.”  He said.  “If that is all you need from me, I will bid you good night.”  He rose from his seat, suggesting that she should leave as well.

Sally stood up.  “Good evening, my lord.”  Sally walked toward the door.  “Have a wonderful night.”  She smiled over her shoulder.  
	Sally had a little more knowledge than she did upon her arrival.  Tomorrow, Lady Prescott would introduce her and Anabel to a few acquaintances.  As long as she could remember her etiquette lessons, everything would be just fine.  



























Chapter 8 
	George took a morning stroll.  He was doing his best to get out of his house and reacquainted with society since he arrived in London.  He was sure this was the only way he would learn who his blackmailer was.  He even had an invitation to dinner later that evening.  He heard a familiar giggle; he looked up to see Anabel Potter strolling across the street, a smaller woman followed behind her.  He was far enough away that neither woman would be able to see him clearly, but he could see them well enough.  The woman behind Anabel turned around, Sally Spade was in England and dressed as a society lady.  With her hair curled neatly and her fashionable clothing, his lovely Sally was hardly recognizable.  The two women chatted frantically, Sally seemed upset with her companion.  The pair headed to a large townhome and entered without knocking.  George believed he knew the identity of one of his blackmailers, he was convinced there was more than one.  He was sure now that Sally had something to do with it, there was no other reason for her to be in London.  Angered by her betrayal, George stormed off almost running into another woman.
	“Pardon me.” He grumbled to the lady.  He put his hands on the woman’s shoulders preventing her from falling.  “I wasn’t watching where I was going.”  The woman blinked her grey eyes.  “Christine?”  He asked.
	“Georgie?” She smiled and hugged her cousin.  “You’re back in London.”
	“Business.”  He smiled.
	“I hope you can stop by for tea, perhaps today?”  Christine said.  “I remarried not that long ago, I live right across the street.”  She pointed to the townhome he had seen Anabel and Sally enter.  “I’d love for you to meet my houseguests.  Two young ladies from America.  They are friends of my sister-in-law.”  She smiled.
	“I’m sorry Christine, I would love to drop in.  But I’m on my way to an appointment and I have a dinner engagement at Lord and Lady Princeton’s this evening.”
	“Well,” Christine smiled.  “Perhaps I will see you there this evening.”  She said.  “We have an invitation as well.”
	“I’ll see you this evening.” He said to his cousin as she waved at him.  George watched her disappear into her home.  “I’ll see all of you.”  He pulled his new letter from his coat pocket.  It gave him the address to a location by the docks.  He was told to bring money with him.  He smiled.  He was sure that he would be putting this blackmail nonsense behind him tonight.


	“I do not want to sit through another stuffy dinner or watch another piano performance again.” Sally huffed as she threw herself into the chair in front of the vanity.  The young woman’s hair was done, but she still only wore her corset, stockings, and pantlets.
	“But Sally, you promised me.”  Anabel pleaded.  The young girl was dressed and ready to go to a private dinner at another stuffy Lord’s home.  “You said you would help me find a good and honest man.”
	“I have, Anabel.  I have personally investigated every pretentious bastard that we have been introduced too.	  There have been several excellent candidates.  Why don’t you pursue them?” Sally replied, still refusing to move.  She leaned on the armrest of the chair and slouched.  Every night that Sally went out to investigate a potential suiter was a night that Sally couldn’t search for the blackmailer.	
“I haven’t found them all that enticing.”  Anabel said slowly as she examined her fingers.  Sally sat upright and turned around to glare at Anabel.  The younger girl looked immediately away.  Slowly Sally rose from her chair. 
	“You what?” Sally asked.
	“It’s just that some of them are, well…”
	“What?  Anabel, they are what?”
	“Old.” Anabel answered.
	“So?”	
	“And fat.” Anabel continued as she bounced up and down.  “And feminine.”  Anabel wrinkled her nose. Sally stood there with her hands on her hips and rolled her eyes.  “And one told me to stop talking.” Anabel whined.
	Sally threw her hands up in the air.  “Because you talk too much, Anabel.  You talk entirely too much.” She shouted.
	“I know.”  Cried Anabel.  
	“But why do you need me to go with you?  Just go to dinner, bring me back the names of the gentlemen you were introduced to and I will go out later tonight and check upon them.  And for God’s sake, don’t waste my time on a man you are not interested in.”  Sally yelled.
	“I don’t want to sit with those society ladies.  I feel like they are judging me.”  Anabel whimpered.

	“They are judging you, Anabel.”  Sally shook her head.  “Everyone here is judging you, to see if you fit into their society.  Yes, you will be invited to every social outing because you are a novelty.  But you can’t expect these women to accept you into their ranks.”
	Anabel plopped down onto Sally’s bed.  “Please.”  She pleaded.  “Just come with me.  At least until I make a few society friends of my own.  And I promise I won’t make you investigate men I’m not interested in.”
	Sally crossed her arms.  “Fine” She huffed.  “But please make some new friends fast, so I can avoid dining with these people.”
	“I thought you were going to marry one of these fancy lords yourself?” Anabel asked.
	“No, that was your idea.  I want to be left alone.  Speaking of which, please leave so I can get dressed.”  Sally pointed to the door.
	“Thank you.”  Anabel squealed as she ran out of Sally’s room.
	Sally sighed and went about the process of selecting a dress.  Eddie knocked on her door.
	“What was all the yelling about?”  She questioned as she helped Sally into a rose-colored evening gown for dinner.
	“I don’t want to go.” Sally replied plainly.  “I’ve gone out to every tea and social function with Anabel.  And I spend every night investigating potential husbands for her.  I need to chase down Mrs. Deacon’s blackmailer.”  She sighed.  “Robert is waiting for a reply from me.”  Once Eddie had Sally laced and buttoned-up, Sally pulled out a tightly rolled bandaging from her dresser drawer and placed it carefully into her reticule. 
	“I’ll get the trousers and shirt ready.”  Eddie gathered the plain white shirt and tan work trousers that Sally wore every night while she investigated Anabel’s potential husbands.  “Will you be running Robert’s errands tonight?”
	“Yes.  Anabel’s problems can wait.”  Sally replied heading for the hall. “Take everything to the coach.  I’ll change on the way back from this dinner.”
	“Do you know where you ladies are going?”
	“No, some friend of Christine’s.  She said that there might be some family of hers there.”
	Eddie wrinkled her brow.  “That’s odd since we have not met any of Christine’s family.  Strange that she’ll introduce you at someone’s dinner.”
	Sally shook her head in response and walked down the stairs to the front door.  Anabel and Christine were already waiting for them in the carriage.  It was not a long drive to the next home.  Christine introduced them to her friends, and Sally did her best to remember their names, although she did not care one bit who they were.  Well-dressed men were introduced to both Sally and Anabel.  Gentleman asked the ladies if they might care to dance later in the evening.  Sally smiled and gave the best evasive answer she could.  She hated dancing, she couldn’t remember any of the dance steps Amelia tried to teach her, and Anabel always laughed at her.
	George held a champagne flute in his hand as he watched the trio walk in.  Anabel with her distinct giggle, Christine slender and poised and there was Sally.  She was glided across the floor, a vision in her satin gown.  Christine introduced Anabel and Sally to several gentlemen as the crossed the floor.  He felt his grip on the glass tighten while Sally smiled at every gentleman she was introduced to.  It was the same smile she had used to charm him.
	“Georgie!”  Christine said with excitement.  George turned to face his cousin.  She left her group to greet him. 
	Sally stopped in her tracks as Christine waived her and Anabel over.  Sally’s cheeks began to burn as George Southerton turned his gaze on her and Anabel.  “Anabel, no.  I can’t be here.”
	“Don’t be silly, Mrs. Clark.  Lord Southerton will be a good sport.”  Anabel replied.
	“I don’t think so.”  Sally’s voice trembled.  Anabel pulled the reluctant Sally toward George and Christine.
	“George, I’m so glad to see you.” Christine said smiling at her cousin.  “I do believe you know, my guest Miss Potter.”  Anabel smiled and curtsied.  “And this is my other guest,” Sally curtsied as well.
	“Sally Spade.” George hissed through clenched teeth.
	“No,” Christine said.  “This is Mrs. Sara Clark.” She corrected.
	“She is not,” George replied loudly.  “Don’t tell me this woman duped you, Christine.  Her name is Sally Spade and she used to be my sister’s ladies’ maid.  Although there is nothing ladylike about her.”  George spat.
	Christine kicked George in the shin, no one seemed to notice.  She moved in closer to George and pinched his arm.  “I know who she is, Georgie,” Christine replied in a low voice to not be overheard.  “And her name is Mrs. Sara Clark while she is staying with us.”  George stared at his cousin.  “Miss Potter has hired her to do some work for her.”  Anabel smiled again at George.
	“Well,” George said pulling his arm away from Christine and grabbing Sally’s hand, pretending to kiss it.  “This deceitful woman is full of tricks.  I hope you both are careful.”  George stormed off and joined the other guests.

	“We’re done.” Sally said to Anabel.  Anabel’s lower lip began to tremble. Christine shook her head.
	“George will play along,”  Christine replied.  “At least he will for tonight.  I will speak with him tomorrow and demand his silence regarding your identity.”  Christine looked at Sally.  “I know the other reason for your visit.”  Sally tilted her head and furrowed her brow.  “Don’t play daft with me, Mrs. Clark.  James doesn’t keep anything from me and I’d like our situations kept as quiet as possible.”  Christine’s gaze followed her cousin.  Whatever emotion he was feeling upon seeing Sally was hidden as he conversed politely with other guests.  “George hates a scandal, he will keep quiet once he hears the full story.  But I dare not say a word here.”
	Sally nodded her head and Anabel held onto her arm as Lady Prescott introduced the two Americans to her friends.  Soon it was time for dinner and the party gathered in the dining room.  Lovely little place cards with everyone’s name written delicately were at each seat.  Just Sally’s luck, she had to sit next to arrogant Lord Southerton.  George pulled out Sally’s chair and gestured for her to sit.
	“Tell me, Mrs. Clark,”  George emphasized her alias.  “How long were you and your late husband married?”  Sally stared at him in response with her large blue eyes silently pleading for George to be quiet.  “Where did you meet Mr. Clark.” He continued with his line of questioning even though she hadn’t answered his first question.  “There is such an age difference between the two of you.  How did you manage to dupe the gentleman out of his fortune?  He seemed like a sharp man he should have had no problem seeing through a liar like you.”  George smiled at her.  	
Sally looked around the room nervously.  Even though everyone else was engrossed in their own conversations, she did not want anyone to hear what George was saying.  “Shut up.” She hissed.  “Just please shut up.”
	“What terrible language you have, Mrs. Clark.”  He smiled at her.  
	“Please, be quiet.  I will explain everything to you tomorrow.” She replied.
	“I would like the answers now.” He said.  “And I will not stop until you tell me how you stole Mr. Clark’s fortune.”
	“I didn’t steal anything.” Sally whispered.  “I didn’t trick him, I didn’t lie.  Mr. Clark left me his fortune.  He didn’t even tell me what he was doing.  He had me meet him at his lawyer’s office and I was handed a stack of papers to sign.  He never told me what I was signing. I didn’t find out till after he died that he left me everything, even the house belongs to me.  Now please, I will answer any further questions tomorrow.”

	George leaned in close and whispered in her ear. “I don’t believe you.”  Sally glanced around the table to see if anyone noticed their exchange.  The only one who seemed to notice anything was out of the ordinary was Anabel.
	The meal was served; Sally watched as food was placed in front of her.  She tried her best to eat, but her stomach churned.  It was the first time in her life Sally had ever turned down a meal.  At the end of the meal, the hostess approached Sally.  George was still glued to her side.  “Mrs. Clark.”  The older woman approached Sally.  “Was the meal not to your liking?”
	“I’m sorry, Lady Princeton,” Sally’s voice trembled.  “I must confess, I was not feeling well before we left home.  I thought I would feel better when we arrived, unfortunately, I am still feeling ill.  I’m thinking of going back home to rest.”
	“Let me escort you.” George said extending his arm to her.
	“I would hate to be a bother, Lord Southerton.” She replied.
	“Nonsense.” He smiled at her.  “It would be no trouble to take you home.  You are a guest of my cousin.  We are almost family.”  Sally’s stomach turned.  George held out his arm for her, he waited till she took it. “Lady Princeton, would you be so kind as to inform Lady Prescott that Mrs. Clark is ill, and I am taking her home?”
	“Of course, Lord Southerton.  Mrs. Clark, I hope you are feeling better soon.”  Lady Princeton replied.  Sally nodded and left the home on George’s arm.
	George signaled for his driver.  The footman opened the coach door and George shoved Sally inside.  She sat down as gracefully as possible.  She peered outside the window and noticed that they were not heading toward the Prescott’s home.
	“We’re going the wrong way.” Sally stated.  George didn’t answer her.  “This is not the way home.”  She said with more urgency.
	“I never said whose home I was taking you too.”  He replied.
	“This is kidnapping.” Sally said.  “I insist you take me home right now.”  Her voice trembling.
	“You insist.” He laughed.  “Listen to how well you speak now.  Is that my sister’s doing? How did you get her to turn you into a lady?  What lies did you tell Amelia?”
	“I didn’t tell anyone any lies.  This was Ms. Potter’s plan, not mine.”  She insisted.
	“Have it your way, Sally.” George crossed his arm and stared at her.  “I’ll lock you up until you tell me the truth.”  They arrived at George’s family townhome.  George exited the coach and pulling Sally inside.  She tried to fight back, but the confining evening gown made it difficult.

	“I am not telling any lies.”  George led Sally up a flight of stairs.  Mrs. Donovan was waiting for him and the top of the steps.  Her hands were resting on the shoulders of a young boy, no older than eight, with a mop of dark hair and green eyes.  He appeared too thin and nervous, as his eyes darted between George and Sally.
	“Sir, I must speak to you about the young man.”  Mrs. Donovan said.  Her hair was escaping her neat bun and her dress was muddy around the hem.  Sally had never seen the housekeeper appear frazzled and out of sorts before.
	“I don’t have time for this now, Mrs. Donovan.” He replied pulling Sally’s wrist.
	“Miss Spade?” Mrs. Donovan questioned.  
	“The one and only.”  Continued George.
	“Ello.” Sally replied.  Mrs. Donovan shook her head.
	“Lord Southerton, this cannot wait.” Mrs. Donovan chased after George with her young charge in tow.
	“It will have too.”  George said opening a door to an empty guest chamber.  “I have another appointment that I do not want to be late for.”  He pushed Sally inside the room and locked the door behind him.
	“Lord Southerton, William escaped again tonight, and Mr. Donovan and I had a terrible time trying to find him.”  The young man tried to wiggle from her grasp.
	“I didn’t do nuffin wrong.” The boy squealed.
	“Now you have two charges.  I’m sorry Mrs. Donovan, but I must be going.”  He crouched down to the boy’s level.  “Young man, I trust you will behave for my housekeeper for the rest of the evening.  I’ll be back, and in the morning, I will take you out with me.”
	“Why are you so interested in me?”  The boy asked George.
	“William, I’ve already told you why.”  George replied.
	“I don’t believe you.” The boy smirked.  “And no one calls me William ‘cept me mum, and she ain’t here.”
	“I know that.”  George replied softly as he stood up.  “Mrs. Donovan, I need to go.”
	“Lord Southerton, I am not a jailor.  I can’t keep watching people for you.”  She whined.
Sally crouched by the door listening to the conversation.  She watched patiently through the keyhole.
	“Mrs. Donovan,” George shouted.  “I am being blackmailed.  That is why I brought you and Mr. Donovan with me.  I needed staff that I could trust.  Now, please I am late.”  

	“Wait, blackmail?”  Sally repeated.  She started banging on the door with her open palm.  “Wait, Lord Southerton. Take me with you.”  She shouted.  “I can help.”
	“I doubt that very much, Miss Spade.”  George shouted back.  “She’s in on it.”  He pointed at the door addressing Mrs. Donovan.
	“No wait,” Sally shouted.  “Your sister and cousin are being blackmailed as well.  Take me with you.  Robert sent me.”  Sally peered out the keyhole as George disappeared from her view.  “Robert sent me.” She shouted in vain.  “Stupid man,” Sally said loud enough for Mrs. Donovan to hear.  “stupid, stupid man.”  
	Sally pulled the comb from her hair and broke the interlocking pieces apart.  Finding the correct sized piece, Sally inserted the device into the lock and maneuvered the piece around until she heard the satisfying click of the lock opening.  She stood and twisted the doorknob and calmly walked into the hall.  Mrs. Donovan was still waiting in the hall with her charge.  
	“He’s gone?” Sally questioned.
	“Yes, Miss Spade.” Mrs. Donovan nodded.  Sally sighed.
	“Alright, I need a set of men’s work clothing.  And small boots if you can manage.”  Sally ordered.  Mrs. Donovan eyed the girl. “I can help him,”  Sally said pointing in the direction that George left.  “Please trust me. I believe he is in trouble.”  Mrs. Donovan gave a turs nod.  “I’ll watch the boy, but you need to hurry.”
	Mrs. Donovan handed over her charge.  Sally looked the boy over.  His clothing was hanging off him, but he was clean.  “You’re from a workhouse, ain’t ya?” She asked the boy nodded. “Lord Southerton take you in?”  Again, the boy nodded.  “He feeds you and gives you a clean place to sleep?”
	“Yeah.” The boy replied.
	“So why run away?” Sally asked.  
	“He told me a story and I don’t believe him.” The boy replied.
	“I’ve known Lord Southerton for a bit.  He does not lie.” She said.  “You should trust him.”
	“He locked you in a room.” The boy said smartly.
	“I never said he wasn’t stupid.  Besides, I never said I could be trusted.”  Sally laughed. She ran her fingers through the boy’s dark mop of hair.  The boy flinched at her touch.  Before she could reassure the child that she would not hurt him, Mrs. Donovan returned with Sally’s change of clothing and a pair of boots.

	“This is the best I can do on short notice.”  Mrs. Donovan handed Sally a rough work shirt and a brown pair of trousers with worn boots.  “I hope they fit.”
	Sally accepted the bundle.  “Do you happen to have a hat?” Sally asked.
	Mrs. Donovan put her hands on her hips.  “Is there anything else her ladyship needs?”
	“No, just a hat.”  Sally laughed.
	“Get me a hat and a change of clothes, Mrs. Donovan.  Can you spare a pair of boots, Mrs. Donovan?  Watch my little waif, Mrs. Donovan.  And don’t let anyone escape their locked rooms, Mrs. Donovan.  I’ve had it, I’ve absolutely had it.”  Mrs. Donovan mumbled shaking her hands in the air as she stormed off looking for a hat.
	“She’s always mean.” The boy said.
	“No, young man.  Mrs. Donovan is a busy lady and she’s tired.  It doesn’t help that she’s been asked to chase after a little boy that wants to run away.” She replied.  The boy stared at the floor.  “I’m Sally Spade.” She held out her hand to the boy.
	“I’m Billy.” He replied with a smile shaking Sally’s hand.  “Lord Southerton calls me William and Mrs. Donovan calls me Master William.  I don’t like to be called that.”
	“Well, Master Billy.”  Sally giggled.  “I’m going to change my clothes, and you should probably be in bed.”
	“Alright, Miss Sally.  Will you be here in the morning?” He asked eagerly.
	“I might, Master Billy.  See you in the morning.” She smiled returning to the room George locked her in earlier.  
	Sally struggled with the laces of her gown as Mrs. Donovan entered with her hat.  The housekeeper assisted Sally with the laces.  “And how did you end up here dressed as a fancy lady?”  She asked Sally.
	“It’s a long story involving a feather-brained scheme of Anabel Potter.” Sally replied.  “And Mr. Deacon has me doing some work for him.”
	“It’s this blackmail business, isn’t it?”  Mrs. Donovan asked.  Sally nodded her head.  
	Once she was out of her gown, Sally quickly dressed in the rough work clothing.  She had grown to appreciate the silks and satins she wore, but there was nothing like the freedom of pants and a simple shirt.  The clothing was a little big, but it would make do as she tightened the belt around her waist.  She took the hat from Mrs. Donovan and carefully tucked her hair underneath.
	“Do you know where he is going?” Sally asked.

	“No, but he might have something written down in his office.  He’s had plenty of strange visitors as of late.” She replied.  
Sally followed Mrs. Donovan downstairs to George’s office.  Most of the office was neat and presentable, except for George’s desk.  Paperwork littered the top; Sally rummaged through the paperwork until she found what she was looking for.  A scrap of paper with the date, time, and location were scribbled on.
“This must be it.”  Sally exclaimed.  “I know where this is.”
“I’ll have Mr. Donovan hire a coach.”  Mrs. Donovan left Sally in the office.  She opened the desk drawer and found George’s cigars and matches. She grabbed a couple of cigars and a box of matches and shoved them into the pocket of her borrowed trousers.  Mrs. Donovan returned a few moments later.  “A coach is waiting for you outside.  Here,” She handed Sally a small pistol.  “it’s old, but it still fires.  I hate the thought of you going after him in such rough company.”
“Mrs. Donovan,” Sally replied smiling.  “I am rough company.  Wait for me, I hope to be back soon.”  
Sally ran outside, she gave the driver the address of where she was going and hopped into the plain black coach. She told the driver to let her off about a block from the address and instructed him to wait, promising him a large sum of money for his trouble.  Sally tried her best to sit still.  Based on the address alone, Sally knew this wasn’t a place to be alone at night.  Lord Southerton didn’t seem the type to frequent this part of town.  He had no idea what he was getting into. The longer her ride took, the more Sally worried about the state she’d find Lord Southerton in. Finally, the coach stopped. Sally snuck down back alleys and side streets until she found what she was looking for.  George was being held by two street tuffs and another was beating him senseless.  A man she recognized was shouting instructions to the other thugs.
“Beat him good, boys.  If the gent won’t follow directions, he has to be taught a lesson.” The grimy ring leader said.
Sally stood off to the side, out of everyone’s line of sight.  Sally struck a match on the side of the building and lit one of the cigars. “Ello, Jackie.” She took a drag from her pilfered cigar.  “Did ya miss me?”
Jack slowly turned to face Sally.  “Run along, Miss Spade.”  He replied.  “Ya got no business here.”

“But I do have business here.” She took another long drag from her cigar and puffed the smoke out.  “That gent’s my good friend’s brother.  I can’t have you ruining his handsome face like that.”
George picked up his head, his body was limply balanced between the two thugs.  “Sally run home.  You don’t belong here.”  
Jack laughed.  “Listen to the gent, Sally.”  He drew in a sharp breath.  “You don’t belong here.  Leave now.”
“Make me.” She laughed.  
Jack nodded to his men.  “You heard the girl, make her.”  
The two thugs holding up George let go and he fell to the ground.  All three men charged her.  Sally waited for them, keeping her back to the wall.  One man swung at her face, she ducked, he hit the brick wall howling in pain.  Sally crouched low and hit one man in the crotch.  She laughed as he fell to the ground crying like a baby.  The second man wasn’t easily stopped.  She ducked his blows, but each time she tried to land a hit of her own he easily dodged her.  Out of frustration, Sally drew the pistol and shot the man in the belly.  He fell over bleeding.
“Run away, Jackie.”  She turned to face her old boss.  “I have lost my patience this evening.”  Jack ran away, leaving his one man to die in the streets.  She tucked the pistol back into her waistband and ran over to George.  “Can you walk?” He looked up at her, his face covered in blood and his suit was torn.  “You need to get up we have to go now.  Where is your driver?”
George shook his head.  “I hired one.” He replied as he slowly stood.  Sally wrapped her arm around his waist and pulled him along with her.
“I have a man waiting down the street.”  She continued to pull him along to their coach.  The driver jumped down and opened the door for them.  “I’ll pay ya double if you don’t ask any questions.”
“Didn’t see a thing, miss.”  The driver tipped his hat at them.
The door closed behind them and Sally did her best to examine George in the dark.  He fidgeted struggling to stay out of her grasp.  “Stop wasting energy and sit still.” She ordered.  George looked at her, swallowing hard before he sat still.  She ran a finger down his cheek as his eyes fluttered shut. 
	Mr. and Mrs. Donovan was waiting for them on the steps.  Billy stood behind Mrs. Donovan, peering from behind the housekeeper’s skirts.  Mr. Donovan helped George out of the carriage and was helping him upstairs.  Sally turned her attention to the boy.  “I thought I told you to go to sleep, Billy.”  
	Billy gave her a sheepish grin.  “I can’t, too much fun tonight.”  
	“Go to bed Billy.  I’ll tell ya all about it in the morning.” Sally told the eager little boy.

	“Really?  Ya won’t leave anyfin’ out?” Billy asked.
	“Every little detail.  Now go to bed.” Sally pointed up the steps and Billy ran off to bed.  Sally waited for the boy to be far enough to not hear her.  “Mrs. Donovan, can someone get a doctor?” 
“No doctors.” George grumbled as Mr. Donovan helped him upstairs. 
“Bandages then.” Sally said. “And perhaps something antiseptic.” 
	“Yes, Miss Spade.”  Mrs. Donovan replied.  Her voice was shaking as she ran to the kitchen.  Sally ran up the stairs to help Mr. Donovan with George.  She found Billy standing in the doorway of George’s chamber watching as Mr. Donovan did his best to get George out of his tattered clothing.  She tapped Billy on the shoulder and signaled he boy to leave.  Billy ran to his room without another word.
	Sally entered, George looked at her.  “Get her out of here.”  His voice was harsh, but he strained to speak.  Mr. Donovan stopped what he was doing to look at Sally.  She placed a hand on his arm.
	“Mr. Donovan,” She replied softly.  “You and Mrs. Donovan have been working hard with little to no help.  Let me take care of him.”  He regarded her for a moment.  Mrs. Donovan came in with the supplies Sally asked for.  “Thank you.  Now, get some rest, both of you. I’ll call for someone if there are any problems.”  Sally promised.
	“It’s just the two of us, Miss Spade.”  Mrs. Donovan replied.
	“You better rest.”  Sally smiled and handed the pistol back to Mrs. Donovan. As the Donovan’s left her alone with George, Sally shut the door behind them.
	“I don’t need you.” George hissed as Sally dipped a cloth in the hot water.
	“Shut up.”
	“I said I don’t need you and I want you to get out.” George tried to rise from his chair, but he fell back into it.
	“Stupid man, stupid, stupid man.  You don’t know what you need.” Sally wrung the water out of the cloth and walked over to George.  Gently she wiped his face examining his cuts and bruises.  One cut about his right eyebrow continued to bleed.  Sally held his chin in her hand and stroked his cheek with her thumb.  He grabbed onto her wrist.
	“Why?” He croaked.  “Why would you follow me?  And how did you find me?”
	“You wrote the address down and left it in your office.  You have no idea what you were getting yourself into.”
	“And you do?” 

	“These are my people.” She replied.  “I know what they want, and I know how they think.” He squeezed her wrist and closed his eyes.  Sally dabbed at the cut oozing blood above his eye.  “Your sister’s being blackmailed.  And so is your cousin.  Robert has asked me to help find the person sending out the letters.”  She said.  George opened his eyes to stare at her.  
	“I thought, I thought it was…” George started to speak.
“You thought it was me blackmailing you?  Why would I do that?  Your sister is a good friend of mine and her husband saved my life.  I would never do something to anyone in her family.” George stared at her for a moment. “You’re a stupid man, George Southerton.” Her hands were on her hips and she grinned at him.
“And you’re vulgar, Miss Spade.”  He replied.
“Didn’t stop you from begging me to go to bed with you.”  She placed her hands on the hands on the arms of his chair and leaned over him.
“I didn’t beg.”
“I don’t remember it that way.”  She smiled again.  “Let’s get you cleaned up.”
“There’s a tub and running water through there.”  George pointed to a door behind her.  
Sally turned around and entered the bathroom.  She fiddled with the faucets and began drawing a bath for him.  Sally came back and knelt at George’s feet, removing his socks and shoes.
“Alright, stand up a little slower this time.”  Sally helped him out of his chair and helped him out of the rest of his clothing and carefully led him to the bath.  George slid into the hot water.  Sally kicked off the boots and pulled off her over-sized shirt and knelt on the floor behind him.  She ran her damp fingers through his hair.  George’s body relaxed in the hot water and his eyes drifted close.  “Don’t fall asleep.”  She said.
“Why?” He asked her. 
“Just until I’m sure you don’t have a concussion.”  She answered him.  “I want to be careful.”
“Do you know anything about concussions, Sally?”  He tilted his head back to stare into her upside-down face.
“No.” She smiled at him running her fingers through his hair. “But I know people have gone to sleep with one and not have woken up.” 
She carefully examined his body for more cuts and bruises.  The only thing that looked hurt was his face and a few bruises to the abdomen; nothing appeared broken. Sally rested her hands on George’s shoulders.  George reached for her hand examining her delicate fingers.

“Why?” he asked.  “Why come for me? Why would you put yourself in danger for me?”
“It’s what I do.” She said softly. George continued to hold her hand. 
“I locked you in a room.” He said quietly.  Thinking for a moment he asked, “How did you get out?”
“I picked the lock.”
“Aren’t you full of hidden talents.” He said turning her hand over.  “I’m sorry, Sally.  I shouldn’t 
have done that.  I shouldn’t have forced you into my carriage.  I shouldn’t….”
“If you didn’t do any of those things, you might not be talking right now at all.”   She said. 
“You shot a man.”  He said.
“Yes, it was him or me.  I like me better.”  
“I didn’t know you could…”  He paused.
“Could what?”  She asked.
“You fight like a man.  Who taught you that?”
“Sam.”  She said.  “He worked for Mr. Deacon in the club.  Miss Pearl thought I should learn how to take care of myself because I’m small.  She thought I would be hurt easily.  This wasn’t the first time I’ve gone toe to toe with Jack and his men.”
“How long have you known him?” George asked.
“I met him when I was about William’s age.  I ran away from a workhouse and he taught me how to pickpockets.  I have the right size hands for picking pockets and locks.”  She wiggled her fingers in front of his face.  He playfully swatted her hand away.  “Mr. Deacon caught me picking pockets outside his club.  He put me to work for him.  First as a scullery maid, and I ran his errands, spied on people, anything he asked.  Then Miss Pearl sent me to watch over your sister.”    Sally ran the cloth over his face and down his neck as gently as she could.
“And you do whatever they ask of you.”  George said.
“If Mr. Deacon and Miss Pearl didn’t take pity on me, I’m sure I wouldn’t be alive.  When Mr. Deacon asked me to find the person blackmailing his wife, there was no way I could refuse.
“What about Mr. Clark?”  He asked.  “How did you end up with his fortune?”
“I told you. He left everything to me.  He asked me to come to his lawyer’s office.  I was handed a stack of papers and told to sign everything.  Then he took me in front of a Judge and married me.  I didn’t know what he was doing or why until after he died.  His lawyer said something about trying to keep all his properties and investments from being sold off.”

“What are you doing with everything?”  He asked her.  Her hands rested on his shoulders.  He put his hand on top of hers.
“I don’t know.  I turned his townhome into an orphanage, but I don’t know what I’ll do with everything else.  I suppose once this blackmail business is over and I help Miss Potter find a suitable husband, I will have to inspect everything myself.  I suppose as long as I don’t sell it, it doesn’t matter what I do with everything.”  She said as she curled her fingers around his.  He kissed her fingertips lightly.   She pulled her hand away.  “How do you feel?”  she asked.
“Better.” He replied.  
Sally pulled the drain and stood up offering George her hand. Reluctantly, George took her hand and stepped out of the bathtub.  He watched Sally’s eyes glance down.  When she looked back up, George smirked, knowing what she was looking at.  Her cheeks turned pink, his hand still in hers.  Quickly she let go and she grabbed a towel that had been hung on the back of the door.
He smiled at her, holding the towel in his hands and refusing to cover up.  Sally’s tightened her lips into a thin line, her eyes growing unbelievably large.  “There is a dressing gown hanging in my wardrobe.” He said softly to her.  Sally dashed into the other room.  He laughed at her.
“Why are you laughing at me? This isn’t funny.” She replied to him.
“Yes, it is.”  He snickered.  She returned and handed him his dressing gown as she turned her back to him.  “I watched you navigate a room full of socialites tonight and not skip a beat.  I watched you threaten several men who outweighed you, and you didn’t bat an eye.  And now you blush because I’m naked.”
“I didn’t mean to look.” She spoke sullenly.
“You’ve seen me naked before.” George put on his dressing gown and closed the distance between them.  He placed his hand on her bare shoulder and ran it down her arm.
“It was dark.” Her voice was barely audible and shaky.
“Well, what do you plan to do to keep me awake?” He asked her as they walked back into his bedchamber.
“Cards?” She offered.  “I’m good at card games.”
“I don’t think I’m interested in a card game.”  He took a seat in his chair.  Sally walked over to the window, pulling back the curtain she looked out into the street.  The sky was hazy and purple.  “What are you thinking about?”

“Mr. Clark.”  She said.  “I’ve tried not to think of him that much since the funeral but talking about him….”  She trailed off.
“What about him?”
“How grateful I am to him.”
“The fortune he left you.”  George said.
“No, I mean yes.  He gave me a last name.  I didn’t have one before.”  Her fingers twisted through the velvety drapes.
“Then what is Spade if it’s not your name?”  He asked.
“I saw it on a card.  I like the shape.  Jack told me what it was, and I made it my name.”
“Don’t you remember your own name?”  He asked.  
She shook her head no.  “I barely remember my mum.  I’m not even sure the woman who took me to the workhouse was my mum.”  She said still staring into the street below.  “Jake gave me a trade, Mr. Deacon and Miss Pearl gave me a fighting chance, but Mr. Clark gave me his name.  Even if he didn’t leave me his fortune, I will always be grateful for my name.”  Sally reached into her pocket and pulled out another cigar lighting it with the matches.
“Where did you get the cigars?”  George asked.
“Your desk.”  She said taking a puff.  “Would you like one?”
“You stole from me.”  He complained.
“I saved you.”  She said.  She looked at him with a grin. 
“Come here, Sally.”  He said.  She walked over to him.  George reached for her arm and pulled Sally into his lap.  He expected her to fight him, she sat calmly in his embrace.  Taking her cigar away from her, he put it out on the table next to him.  George ran his hands up her thighs.  “Take these off.”  He said tugging at the waistband of her trousers.  “They look funny with your pretty corset.”  He rested a hand on her back and pulled at the dangling cords from the corset.
“I can’t.”  She replied.  “I took me knickers off to put these on.”
He laughed and then pulled her close, kissing the exposed cleavage.  “Take them off.”  His voice was a low guttural growl.  Sally gasped as his tongue flicked between her breasts.  She stood up and pulled the pants down, kicking them aside.  She pulled on the tie on his dressing gown and opened it up, exposing his growing erection.  Sally straddled George and he quickly untied the laces of her corset pulling the garment over her head.  “That’s my bad little Sally.” 

	George pulled her closer, pressing her body against his running his fingers down her back and grabbed her bare bottom.  Sally bit her lip as she ground her hips into his hardened member.  George squeezed tighter and Sally flicked her tongue on his bruised lower lip.  She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and bent her head to his neck trailing kisses and light nips with her teeth up to his earlobe.
	“Georgie,” she whispered breathlessly, “I want you.”  George gasped as she lifted her hips and lowered herself onto his throbbing cock.  Slowly she rocked back and forth smiling as his breath quickened.  
“Sally, my sweet Sally.”  
He pulled her into him, sucking on one breast and squeezing the other.  Sally threw her head 
back and moaned loudly.  She rocked her hips harder and faster moaning with each thrust.  George grabbed ahold of her hips and held her tightly.  He allowed Sally to have her way with him.  The pleasure of her body outweighing the pain from his beating.  He felt her body clenching around him and he spent himself inside her.  Sally slumped over his shoulder, her body shaking and limp.  George wrapped his arms around her and ran his hands through her silken strands.
“I suppose you’re going to run out in the middle of the night.” He whispered.
“No, I promised Mrs. Donovan I’d keep an eye on you all night.” She smiled as she traced her finger down the side of his face.  “Although I didn’t have this in mind.”
“What did my lovely Sally have in mind?”  He questioned.
“I promised to take care of you, George.”
“You did, Sally.  You’ve taken very good care of me.”  His fingers tracing her spine then he squeezed her bottom.
“I think we don’t have to worry about a concussion.” She laughed.  Sally lifted herself from his lap and took his hand gently tugging him.  George rose from the chair as Sally tugged his fingers and smiled.  Sally dropped his hand and pulled his dressing gown from his shoulders.  George pulled her close and captured her mouth with his.  Sally stood on her tip-toes to reach him.  George’s arms were around her, exploring her body.  
“My offer still stands.”  He whispered.  Sally pulled away, but George was reluctant to let her out of his arms.
“George, I can’t.” She shook her head.  “I can’t belong to someone.  I will stay the night, though.”  She offered.

“Mmm, last time you told me that, you ran out in the middle of the night.”  His face was fallen, and his chest ached.
“You were not hurt the last time.” She replied leading him over to his bed.
Sally turned down the linens sliding into his bed.  George slid in next to her and caressed her side.  She smiled but said nothing more to him.  George was determined to do everything he could to make her stay.  His eyes were starting to shut, and his mind refused to focus until sleep finally overtook him.
Sally curled up to George’s warm body.  The thought of running away was tempting, but she did promise Mrs. Donovan she would watch after George.  She owed that to Mrs. Donovan and George deserved better too.  He deserved a woman who was at his beck and call, not her.  She never would let anyone tell her what to do.  Even as his mistress where he would give her everything that she desired, it would all come at a cost.  George would have his own rules for her and she would not follow them.  It would break his heart, but so was what she was doing. Sally settled in for the night deciding she would have a frank conversation with George in the morning.
Something poked George in the shoulder.  It was not painful, but persistent.  He was not sure what time it was, but his face was throbbing.  Gingerly, George opened his eye and saw his sweet little Sally curled up next to him.  A wave of relief washed over him, she stayed as she promised.  Again, something poked George in the shoulder.  He rolled over to see William standing by his bed.  The young boy smiled.
“Mrs. Donovan’s looken’ for ‘er.” The boy pointed at the sleeping Sally.
George pulled the blankets over Sally’s head.  “William, you shouldn’t be in my room.”
“But Mrs. Donovan is angry and she’s looken’ for ‘er.” William frowned.
“Mrs. Donovan can be angry.  This is my house.” George shouted.  The boy jumped back, and Sally wiggled next to him.  George took a breath to control his temper.  Sally poked her head above the covers.  “I’m sorry, William.  Please let Mrs. Donovan know that we will be down shortly.”  Billy ran off.
Sally sat up next to him, clutching the linens to her chest.  “I didn’t think you took in strays.” 
“He’s not a stray.” George looked down at his blanket, not able to make eye contact with her.  “William is my son.”  
Sally made a soft “oh” sound.  
“I was married to his mother. A long time ago.”  
“How did he end up in a workhouse?” She asked.

“Don’t, Sally.  Don’t judge me.  I didn’t know about him.” George snapped. 
Lightly Sally placed her fingertips on his arm.  “George, I wasn’t judging you.  Those places are terrible.  They’re no place for small children to grow up.”  George regarded her for a moment.  
“I didn’t abandon my wife and son.” He replied softly.  “Molly was the daughter of one of our maids.  We were about the same age and we grew up together.  We married in secret when we turned eighteen.” His voice trembled, he stopped speaking.  Sally waited patiently for him to continue. George regained his composure to speak.  “We were able to keep it a secret for a few years.  My father finally found out and was furious.  He told me that Molly didn’t care about me, she was after our fortune.  He paid Molly handsomely to disappear and I believed that he was right, Molly didn’t care.  I didn’t know she was pregnant when she left.  Molly passed two years ago; my family’s solicitor contacted me and told me about the child.  We recently found him, confirmed the boy’s birth certificate.  He is my son.”
“I’m sorry George.  I’m sorry you went through that and I’m sorry your son had to spend any time in one of those places.”
“At least now Amelia will stop harassing me about settling down and having an heir.” He smiled a little.  George wrapped his arm around Sally, she curled up to him under his arm.  This was heaven to him now.  Kissing the top of her head he softly said, “We should get dressed and face Mrs. Donovan before she comes up here and drag us out.”
She laughed softly and kissed his cheek.  “All right, Georgie.  I wouldn’t want to cause her any more stress.”
George agreed and stretched his long limbs out of the bed.  A folded pair of pajamas were neatly placed on the back of an armchair.  Gingerly he dressed, picking his dressing gown up from the floor he wrapped that around him.  Sally sat on the bed, wide-eyed, watching the process.  Her linens and blankets still tucked around her chin.  George looked over his shoulder and smirked.
“Still shy?” he asked her.
Sally climbed out of the bed and walked around the room fully nude gathering up her things from the night before.  George gazed at her; the ache in his chest he felt the night she first refused him returned.  He wondered briefly what he could do to change her mind.  Sally pulled the shirt and trousers on quickly and headed out the bedroom door; George was quick on her heels.  A frazzled Mrs. Donovan met them in the hall.  Billy was close behind her.
“Lord Southerton,” The housekeeper cried.  “I simply cannot work like this.” She gestured to the boy behind her.

“You told me to stay where you can see me so I am.” Billy whined as he mimicked Mrs. Donovan’s movements, rubbing his temple at the same moment she rubbed hers.  The boy smiled at his game.
“Not only are Mr. Donovan and I running your entire home, but you’ve also asked me to play governess to this child while you run around at ungodly hours doing who knows what and then you spend the rest of the night with your mistress.” Mrs. Donovan huffed.
“I am not his mistress,” Sally replied crossing her arms.  “I took care of him last night like I promised.”  George smirked at Sally’s response.  Billy giggled.  
“I don’t care what you are to him, but you spent the night in his bed.”  Mrs. Donovan replied crossly.  “And now your friends are here looking for you.”  She turned her head to look at George.  “Along with your cousin.”
“Christine is here?” George asked, his voice shaking.
“Yes, she brought her entire household.” Mrs. Donovan shouted.  “And I have to track you both down, only to find out the two of you spent the night together. Now I must make and serve tea.” The woman threw her hand in the air and so did Billy.  The boy laughed.
Sally grabbed Billy by the arm and pulled her over to him. “Stop that.” She scolded.
“But, I was doing what I was told.” Billy smiled.  Sally looked at him intently.  She could now see the resemblance between father and son.
“You will not torment Mrs. Donovan any longer.” Sally said. “You will do what she tells you and you will mind your father.”  She waited for George and Mrs. Donovan to go downstairs and greet his guests.
“He told you that same lie?” The boy asked.
“If Lord Southerton told you that he is your father then it is true.”  Sally responded.
“Are you his lady?” 
“No.” Sally replied.  Her lips in a tight line.
“Then why was you in his bed?” Billy asked.  George stopped on the steps and turned to the boy.
“William,” George said sternly.  “That is enough.  We don’t ask those kinds of questions of a lady.”  Billy opened his mouth to continue his line of questions when Mrs. Donovan stormed off toward the kitchen.
“The boy needs a strap to the backside.” Mrs. Donovan grumbled as she walked by them.

Billy immediately shut his mouth and trembled.  Sally knew what the boy was afraid of.  Beatings were a regular punishment in the workhouses.  She wrapped her arm around the child protectively and looked up at George.  “He could use a good governess.”  
George’s shoulders slumped. He stood aside to let Sally and Billy into the drawing-room first.  Four ladies and one gruff gentleman were waiting for the pair.  Young Anabel Potter jumped out of her seat and ran to Sally, throwing her arms around the petite woman.
“Sally!” The girl squealed.  “I was so worried about you.”  Anabel stepped away.  “Sorry,” she apologized to Sally.  “Mrs. Clark, we were very concerned when you didn’t come home last night.
“Anabel, everyone here knows who I am.  You don’t need to call me Mrs. Clark.” Christine and James sat together on a small seta, scandalously close to one another and holding hands.  Eddie sat next to Mrs. Hunter, Christine’s former caretaker.  Eddie had a broad grin on her face, the woman loved watching a scene.  “Why did you bring everyone with you?”  All eyes were on her and George.
“Because I told Lord and Lady Prescott of your former relationship with Lord Southerton.”
“What, why?” Sally raised her voice.
“Good Lord, Anabel Potter knows.” George mumbled.
Anabel glanced at George and ignored him. “I was concerned about you.” She replied, patting Sally’s hand. “But I see you took care of him for yourself.”
“I told you I didn’t need to be here, Christine.” James barked.
“I didn’t do that,”  Sally replied jerking her thumb at George.  “And you know I can take care of myself.”
“I told you this would be fun, Dolores.” Eddie patted Mrs. Hunter on the shoulder.  “We don’t get to have much fun at our age.” Eddie clucked.
Mrs. Hunter took a deep breath and blew it out slowly.  “Eddie, my idea of fun is sitting quietly doing my needlepoint and drinking my tea, alone.”
“I need to sit.”  George said rubbing his temple.  He took a seat in an overstuffed royal blue armchair.
Sally looked at Billy, he was still clinging to her.  “Why don’t you go up to your room and play with your toys?”  She suggested.
“I ain’t got none.” Billy replied.
George sheepishly glanced at Sally.  “I haven’t had much time to take the boy out.”  He said.  Sally rolled her eyes at George’s excuse.  She had heard it a dozen times or more while she was in the employment of George’s sister.

“I already know what’s going on.”  Billy replied.  
“Oh really,” Sally folded her arms across her chest while addressing the boy.  “what do you think is going on.”
The boy held up his fingers and began counting off.  “You’re lying about who you are, thems your sisters,” Billy pointed to Anabel and Christine, “one of thems is your mum,” he pointed to Mrs. Hunter and Eddie, “you’re his mistress,” he pointed at George, causing the man to turn red, “and he’s in trouble with some bad blokes.” Billy smiled, proud of himself for piecing it all together.
“Um, not quite,” Sally responded to the smiling boy.  “I’m not his mistress” she jerked her head in George’s direction, “and I don’t have a family.  But since you insist on snooping into everyone’s business have a seat and keep quiet.” She pointed to a chair in the corner. 
 Billy sulked into the corner, crossed his arms, and sat down.  Sally took a seat next to George, crossing her legs at her ankles, keeping her back straight, sitting like a dainty society lady.  George smirked at the thief turned debutant.  Sally scowled at him while he stared at her.
“George,” Christine began.  “we were concerned when you ran off with Mrs. Clark.” She said demurely.
James laughed and slapped his wife on the knee.  “You and Anabel were concerned.  I knew better.  And stop with that ridiculous name.  We all know what her name is.” James grunted and looked around the room.
“It is my name.  I was married.”  Sally huffed.  She took a deep breath. “I’m glad you did come.” She stood up and reached into her pocket, producing George’s blackmail letter.
George noticed the letter she held in her hand.  “Wait, where did you get that?”
	“From your desk, George.”  Sally smiled, he scowled in response.
“You steal my cigars and my personal letters.  I thought I had everything locked up.” He grumbled.
“Locks won’t stop Sally.” James laughed.
 “I told you this last night.”  Sally crossed the room to James and handed him the note.  “Look familiar?”  She asked James.  
Christine also glanced down at the note, her eyes reading over the words, and then she looked up at the boy sitting in the corner.  “That’s the same handwriting as the person who sent me letters.”  Christine said.

“The same as Mrs. Deacon’s note.” Sally smiled.  “That’s three family members being blackmailed by the same person.”
George sat with his arms folded across his chest.  He was trying to recall the conversation he had with Sally the night before.  Her story of blackmail, why she was in London.  Then he remembered, he had watched Sally shoot a man.  His face was still throbbing, he couldn’t concentrate, nor could he follow what Sally was trying to say.  He leaned his head back in his chair.
“Lady Prescott,” Sally said.  Christine was still watching the boy in the corner.  She turned her head to pay attention to Sally.  “Since you have spent the most time in London Society, who would know that Lord Southerton had an heir, Mrs. Deacon worked in a whore house, and your late husband enjoyed the company of men.”
Christine’s brows furrowed.  “That is a very short list indeed.”  Her eyes narrowed slightly.  “There are only two people I know who knew that Amelia was alive and where she was hiding before she left the country.  But I didn’t even know that George had children.” 
“Child,” George said holding up his index finger.  “I have one child.  He is legitimate, I married my maid.”  He took a breath and gingerly rubbed his throbbing temple.  “Father and Mr. Long, father’s solicitor, covered that one up, and he wouldn’t have told a soul.”
“Are you sure, Georgie?”  Christine asked.  “Are you sure Mr. Long didn’t inform anyone else?”
George thought for a moment.  “Couldn’t be Mr. Long.  I confirmed Amelia’s death with him.  He would have no idea that my sister was alive with your parents.”
	“And you are sure that Mr. Long isn’t behind this.” Christine replied.
	“What about Aunt Beatrice?” George shouted as he tried to stand up, grimacing in pain.  “Your mother was torturing my sister, and your father was doing God knows what to her.  I’m sure they were very familiar with your late husband’s depravities.”
	“My Fredrick was not depraved.”  Christine rose out of her seat and shouted back.  “He was a good, kind man.  He took care of me when no one else wanted to be associated with me.”  
James reached for Christine’s hand and gave it a gentle tug.  “Sit down and calm yourself, Christine.” He spoke softly.  “We need to stop placing blame on each other and work together to ferret this blackmailer out.  They won’t stop until there is nothing left of our families.”  Christine’s eyes were brimming with tears and she sat next to her husband.
Mrs. Hunter, who had sat quietly during most of the conversation spoke up.  “Lord Southerton, if I may, Lady Prescott did not know what had transpired in her parents’ home.  She had eloped with Lord Denton shortly after your father’s funeral.”  Her eyes narrowed as she took in George.   Mrs. Hunter adjusted her spectacles and leaned forward in her seat.  George squirmed in his seat under her gaze.  “But if you would have chosen to attend your father’s funeral, you would have been aware of that.”  She sat back in her chair, her spine a stiff iron rod.  “If you would have done your duty, you would have been able to take in your sister.  Instead, you left a child to grieve alone for the loss of a parent.”  Mrs. Hunter also looked at the wiggling child in the corner.  “Doing your duty doesn’t seem to be the sort of thing you take seriously.”
	George looked down at the floor and frowned.  What Mrs. Hunter said was true.  He didn’t attend his father’s funeral and left his sister’s care in the hands of his aunt and uncle, whom he knew were in horrible financial trouble. The thought of his sister filled him with more guilt.  He didn’t care for her properly when she finally arrived on his doorstep.  Then there was William, sitting in the corner quietly under Sally’s direction.  It was the first time that the boy had followed someone’s directions.  He couldn’t respond to Mrs. Hunter’s accusation.
	“Madame,” Sally said to Mrs. Hunter.  She stepped in front of George, blocking him for the woman’s glare.  “while I can’t defend all of Lord Southerton’s actions, he is a dutiful man.  He did care for Amelia when she arrived at his home.  And he is trying to care for his son.”
	George listened to Sally speaking on his behalf and smiled a little to himself.  “Thank you, Sally.” He whispered.  She didn’t turn around to acknowledge that she heard him.  He reached out to touch her fingertips; her delicate fingers enclosed around his.
	Eddie, who sat listening to everyone arguing stood up without a word and crossed the room. She walked over to the boy and sat down next to him, wrapping an arm around him.  Eddie spoke to him quietly and the boy smiled at her.
	“She used to be my governess.” James offered gruffly.
	“Your former governess still resides in your home?” George asked.
	“She is Pearl’s mother.”  Christine responded.
	“It seems that I’m not the only one with a few secrets in their closet.”  George responded.
	“Yes, but no one bothers to blackmail me.”  James said.  “They’re all too damn afraid of me.”
	“And you’re proud of that, aren’t you, dearie?”  Eddie said from across the room with a big smile.  She stood up, just as abruptly as she had before.  She held Billy’s hand and he stood with her.  “I am taking Master William on a walk.”
	“Right now?” George questioned.

	“Yes, now,”  Eddie replied, not understanding that her behavior was completely erratic.  “We are going to have a little discussion about his education and the young man could use the fresh air.”  George starred at her, not knowing how to respond to her.  “If I am going to teach the young man, I need to know how much he already knows.  And children need exercise.  He told me he’s been stuck inside since you brought him here.”
	“It’s dangerous outside.”  George protested.
	“It is not. I’ve done this for years.”  Eddie held her head up high.  “Come along, Master William, we shall go on a walk.”  Eddie marched out of the room with Billy in tow.  George was left sitting with his mouth hanging open.  He had no words to say.
	“Ladies,” James stood.  “we should take our leave and let Lord Southerton have control of his home once again.”  Christine, Mrs. Hunter, and Abigail rose from their seats.
	“But what of my son?”  George asked.
	“It seems you have a new governess.”  James replied.  “And if she brings the boy home with her I will be sure to send him back to you.  Sally, will you be joining us, or would you like me to send your things here.”  He grinned at her.  George felt his heartbeat a little faster.
	Sally frowned at James.  “You’re horrid.”  She replied.  “Go ahead without me, I’ll be a little longer.”  Sally didn’t stay to watch her friends leave.  She went in search of Mrs. Donovan and found the frazzled woman in the kitchen.  “I have good news.”  Sally told her.
	“I am wealthy, and I will never have to work again.” Mrs. Donovan said holding a fresh cup of tea in her hands.
	“Sadly, no.”  Sally smiled. “Billy has a governess and he will no longer be in your care.”
	“Humph.” Mrs. Donovan snorted. She placed her hands on her hips.  “He’s not the problem.”  She waved her arms in the direction of the doorway.  “It’s Lord Southerton.”  She said.  “Mr. Donovan and I can’t run his entire household by ourselves.  But the man refuses to hire any new staff because he’s afraid to trust anyone.”
	Sally shook her head. “That won’t do.”  She crossed her arms and tapped her chin with her finger.  “I know how particular Lord Southerton is with how his household should be run.  The two of you can’t run things up to his standards.”  She thought for a moment.  Mrs. Donovan waited for the girl to finish.  “Put in an advertisement.  I’ll speak to Lord Southerton.”
	Mrs. Donovan tilted her head.  “Aren’t you both chummy after last night.  Or did you forget he tried to lock you in a room because he was sure you were the one behind all this mess.”

	“No,” Sally whined.  “I can take care of this for you.”
	“I see, you plan on bedding him again.  I don’t need that kind of help, Miss Spade.” Mrs. Donovan hissed.
	“I have no intention of spending another night with Lord Southerton.”  Sally defended herself.
	“I’ve heard that from you before, Miss Spade.” Mrs. Donovan clucked.
	“Just take out the damn ad.” Sally shouted as she stormed out of the kitchen.  She ran to the bedroom George had locked her in to collect her personal belongings.
	Sally found George in the drawing-room.  He hadn’t moved since everyone had left.  He picked his head up and smiled as she approached him.  Gingerly he rose from his seat, he reached out and tucked an errant blonde curl behind her ear.  Sally stepped back, George’s smile faded.
	“Lord Southerton,” She began.
	“Sally, after last night I think you can call me George.” He tried to smile.
	“George,” Sally started again.  “I spoke to Mrs. Donovan and she needs help.”
	“I know.” He replied sheepishly.
	“I told her to take out an advertisement for staff.”  
“Sally, I can’t.”  He tried to interrupt her.  
“George, I will make certain every person that she hires is decent.”
“Don’t you have enough to do?” He questioned her with a smile.  The urge to pull her into his arms was strong.  “You are investigating bachelors for Miss Potter and you are trying to track down a blackmailer for my family.  Plus, you have your secrete identity to worry about.  Aren’t you afraid you will stretch yourself too thin?”  
“Since I’m doing the same thing for Anabel, this shouldn’t be any different.”  She smiled.
	“Let me help you track down the blackmailer.” He suggested.
	She laughed at him.  “George, you stick out like a sore thumb.”  Sally playfully pushed him.
	George folded his arms and leaned forward. “You’re the master of disguise.  You can help me not to stand out.”  
	Sally nodded her head.  “Alright.  You find yourself some other clothing and you can come with me.  But I won’t save your ass again.” She poked her finger into his shoulder.  Sally pulled the cap she had folded up in her back pocket out.  She scooped up her hair and pulled the cap on her head.  “I need to go back.”

	“Could you stay with me?” He asked her.  His voice was barely above a whisper.  George closed the gap between them, reaching out to her he caressed her arm.
	Sally bit her lower lip.  “I can’t.”
	“Just for the rest of the day?” George asked.  He leaned in to kiss her.
	“No,” she replied, pushing herself away from him.  “That’s not possible.”
	George’s mouth was in a tight line.  He needed to find a way to see her again.  “Alright, Sally.  When will we start our search?  Tonight?”
	“No, Lady Prescott is escorting us somewhere tonight.”  Sally was stepping away from him.  “And you should rest anyway.”  She took a few more steps toward the door.  “I’ll let you know when I go out.”  
	Sally left him standing in the drawing-room by himself; he heard her whistling as she headed out the door.  George sat back down and closed his eyes, briefly dozing off.  He heard the front door open and the sound of his son’s and Eddie’s voices in the hall.
	“We are back.”  Eddie’s sing-song voice pierced George’s thoughts. The older woman beamed at George.  Billy was holding her hand and smiling.  Eddie had a colorful carpet bag in her other hand.  “I stopped home and found some of my old supplies.” 
George looked up at the happy woman and his son.  An idea formed in his mind.  “Eddie, do you know where my cousin and the ladies are going tonight?”
	“Yes, Lord and Lady Prescott are taking Miss Potter and Mrs. Clark to the opera.”  Eddie smiled, George rushed out of the room.  “Where are you off too?” She asked.
	“To make sure my box is still open at the opera.”  George paused for a moment and turned to see his son still holding Eddie’s hand.  “Miss White…”
	“Eddie.”  The woman sang back.
	“Yes, Eddie. You have more experience with children than I.”  His mouth tightening into a thin line as he pondered his request.  “Perhaps we can wait on Williams lessons for another day.  Would you accompany me to the shops?  I am afraid that William arrived on my doorsteps with nothing but the clothes on his back.  He needs,” George thought for a moment.  “everything.  The boy needs everything.”
	“I would be happy to help, Lord Southerton.”  Eddie smiled.  “Lady Prescott already has a governess for young Freddy.  I am happy to be useful.”  She looked at Billy, the boy was still holding her hand.  “Have you had anything to eat this morning?”

	“Yes, miss.” He responded.
	“Well, I am famished.  Help me find the kitchen and we will have a nice cup of tea and maybe some cakes.”  She said letting the boy lead her to the kitchen.
	George smiled as the pair walked off.  They passed Mrs. Donovan, who was rushing toward him.  The woman’s mouth was firm, her face appeared grim.
	“Lord Southerton,” She began.
	“Yes, I know.  I already spoke to Miss Spade, advertise for staff.” He replied to her.
	Mrs. Donovan took a breath and clasped her hands in front of her.  “The staff wasn’t the only thing I wanted to speak to you about.”
	“Yes, Miss White will be handling William for right now, so you won’t need to bother yourself with him.”
	“Lord Southerton,” She began again.  “My husband and I have been in your employment for a very long time. And I make it a point not to involve myself with your personal business.”
	“And I appreciate that.” He said.  
	She held up her hand to indicate that she was not finished speaking to him. “But, I can’t condone what you have done with Miss Spade.”
	“Mrs. Donovan.” He said sternly.  “It is not your place to condone what I do and with whom I do it with.”
	“I understand, sir.  But, Miss Spade is inexperienced.”  George snorted.  Mrs. Donovan tightened her mouth.  “Sir, I know you understand my meaning.  Miss Spade may have a sharp tongue and thick skin, but she does not know how things work between a gentleman of your standing and the working class.”  Mrs. Donovan looked away from George, she wrinkled her nose and frowned.  “I like Sally and I would hate to see the girl get hurt.  She was a loyal companion to your sister and for some unknown reason, Sally took it upon herself to come to your aide after your abominable treatment of her.”
	George found himself nodding in agreement with his housekeeper.  “I know.  I promise that I won’t hurt Miss Spade.”  His answer seemed to please Mrs. Donovan as she left with advertisements.  George headed for his chamber.  He promised he would leave Sally Spade alone, but he said nothing of courting Mrs. Sara Clark, the wealthy American widow, who happened to be friends with his cousin.
	Sally whistled as she traveled down the street, her gown draped over her shoulder. She reached the Prescott’s home, threw open the front door and strode in as if the home belonged to her.  Sally heard voices, one distinctly male, coming from the Lady Prescott’s newly remodeled sitting room.  She entered unannounced and was surprised to see another man sitting next to Christine.  Anabel was sitting across from the pair giggling.
	“Sally,” Christine exclaimed with a bright smile on her face.  “Come and meet my dear friend, Lord Matthew Fullcroft.”  Sally paused in the doorway.  Christine usually referred to her as Mrs. Clark.
	The thin blond man with attractive features with high cheekbones and soft blue eyes smiled at her.  “Miss Spade,” He said. “I have heard so much about you from your friends.  I am glad I have a chance to meet you.”  He extended his hand to her.  
Slowly Sally crossed the room and shook his hand.  “How do you do.”  She replied remembering to use her American accent, doing her best to curtsy in a pair of breeches.  Sally glanced at Christine.
“Don’t worry, Sally.  Matthew has been my dearest friend for ages, Freddy introduced us.”  Christine replied.
“Freddy and I were lovers.”  Matthew responded with a smile and a wink.  “Christine and I have a history of sharing secrets.”  
Sally relaxed a little.  Anabel grabbed Sally’s arm and pulled her onto the setae with her.  “Matthew is an absolute stitch.”  Anabel responded. Sally hurriedly sat next to Anabel.
“I’m sure.”  Sally replied eyeing Lord Fullcroft, remembering that he was still a suspect as Christine’s blackmailer.  “Lod Fullcroft, how long have you known the Southerton family?”  Sally asked.
“George Southerton?”  He wrinkled his brow.  “I met the older gentleman before he perished, but I haven’t had the pleasure of meeting his son.  He moved to America several years ago, correct?” 
“Yes,” Christine responded.  “but he’s recently returned.”  The woman smiled.  Sally frowned.  She didn’t want Lord Fullcroft to know George had come back to London.  
“Miss Spade,” Lord Fullcroft went on.  “you don’t think that I am the one blackmailing sweet Christine, do you?”  Sally’s face turned red.  “Christine is a close friend of mine and she knows enough of my secrets to ruin me.  I would never do anything to hurt Christine or her family.”
James stopped into the sitting room mumbling as he went through Christine’s desk.  “Fullcroft.”  He grumbled in acknowledgment.
“And how is that beastly husband of yours?”  Mathew asked Christine as he ignored James with a smile.
“James is not beastly.” Christine snickered.  “He cares for Freddy and me very much.”
Matthew took Christine’s hand and kissed it lightly.  “You should have taken me up on my offer instead.  You are my dearest friend and I would have cared for you and Freddy as well.”

James grumbled at the desk.  He gave a sideways glance to his wife and he winked at her.  “Sometimes, Fullcroft, a woman wants more than just a friend.  There are certain things that I can do for Christine that you could not.”  He stomped out of the room.  Christine turned a deep crimson at her husband’s admission.
Matthew was still holding Christine’s hand.  “Does he treat you and Freddy well?” He asked earnestly.
“Yes, Matthew.  He is good to me and treats Freddy like a son.”  Christine’s flush began to fade.  
“I must be on my way.”  Matthew stood.  “It was a pleasure to meet the infamous Sally Spade.”  He bowed to Sally.  “Ladies, I will see you at the opera tonight.  Will Lord Prescott be joining us tonight?”
Christine shrugged.  “It’s not a pastime he enjoys, but he needs to get out of the house more often.”
“Well, I hope to see him there.” Matthew placed his hat on his head, bowed to the ladies once more, and took his leave.
Anabel glanced over her shoulder and waved to Matthew on his way out.  “Where is Eddie?” She asked Sally.
“Eddie is helping Lord Southerton with his son.  The boy has not had the best opportunities and is a little unruly.  I hope the child isn’t too much for Eddie to handle.”
“If Eddie was able to handle James and his brother, I’m sure she’ll be able to manage one.”  Christine offered.
“Billy runs away often.”  Sally replied.
“We were worried when you didn’t come home last night.”  Anabel said.  “I told Lady Prescott that you and Lord Southerton had a sordid history.”
“It is not sordid, we do not have a history.”  Sally’s face was turning red and her voice was growing louder.  “And I wish you would let me keep my business to myself, Anabel.”
Anabel frowned and mumbled an apology.
“Pearl and Amelia already informed me of your history with George.”  Christine offered.  Sally’s frowned deepened.  “They were worried for you, especially when they learned that George was also traveling to London.”  Christine added.
“Why must everyone be involved in my business.  First Mrs. Donovan and now the both of you.  I wish everyone would leave this alone.” Sally replied.

“Sally, we are only concerned about you.”  Christine explained.  “There is a sort of code of morals that we all must uphold…”
Sally stood up from her seat.  “I don’t follow any social morals.  I am a grown woman, with my own mind and I shall do what I please.”    She stormed out of the room and upstairs.
Sally ran to her room and threw herself facedown onto her bed.  She was exhausted from the night before and everyone’s line of questions.
“Sally Spade, throwing a temper tantrum?” James laughed from the doorway.  “Such hysterics.” He chided.
“I am not hysterical.” Sally shouted into her pillow.
“Yes, you are.”  He smirked as she looked up.  “Don’t tell me this is all about that Southerton twit.”  Sally’s face began to blush.  “It is.”  He laughed.
“It is not.” Sally replied.
“Don’t bother yourself with that man.  He is an arrogant, egotistical bastard.”
“People say the same about you.” 
James huffed.  “But my title is higher and that makes me better.”  Sally glared at him, but James laughed at himself.  “Sally don’t get involved with men like him.”  He said in a more serious tone.  “They will not see the value in a woman like you.”
Sally’s eyebrows drew together.  “What do you mean a woman like me?” she hissed through clenched teeth.
“Men like Southerton…”
“Like you,” Sally interrupted.
“Men like Southerton,” James continued louder this time. “they see a pretty underclass woman and they only see a toy to amuse themselves with.” James wrapped both hands around the top of his cane. Sally sat up and looked at him.  “Lord Southerton does not see beyond your face, he doesn’t see your value.  A titled man would never love you the way you deserve.”
Sally’s mouth was in a tight thin line while she thought.  “Your father did.” She replied softly.
“He was a rare man.” James said.  “Be careful, Sally.”  James nodded his head to her as he left the room.
Sally was left alone with James’ words.  She knew George didn’t value her, she was his sister’s servant and later his plaything.  James was right, and so was everyone else.  No titled man would love her if they knew who she was.  It would force Sally to live a lie for the rest of her life, that was not something she wanted to do.


That evening the little group attended the opera.  Christine was able to coax her husband out of the home.  Much to James annoyance, Lord Fullcroft attended with them escorting Anabel to the Prescott box. Upon their arrival, James grumbled to his wife that he would be in his box.  Sally was excited at first.  She had never seen an opera and she enjoyed music.  She would also be able to sit and relax, no forced small talk, no manners to remember, and no constantly reminding herself how to speak.  However, she found the opera to be extensively dull and was constantly dozing off.  Anabel elbowed Sally’s rib cage and Sally jumped up with a start.  Her companions were staring at her.
“I need some air.” She mumbled, excusing herself from the group.  
Sally wandered the halls and fanned herself by an open window.  When she was sure she was sufficiently awake to sit through the rest of the performance, Sally headed back for their box.  Unfortunately, she had taken so many turns that she was lost in the hallways.  Whistling to herself, Sally wandered on.
“Proper ladies shouldn’t whistle, Mrs. Clark.”
Sally froze and turned toward the voice.  George stood in front of her, smirking. His face still bruised from the night before.  “Lord Southerton.” She replied softly.  Remembering her manners, she curtsied.  “I must apologize for my rude behavior.  I lost my way back to our box and I became a little nervous.”
“The second act is starting soon.  Would you care to join me?  It would be a shame if you missed it.”  He offered her his arm and smiled at her.
Sally’s stomach fluttered as her heartbeat rapidly.  She knew she should politely decline his offer and head back to Lord and Lady Prescott’s box, but she slipped her hand through the crook of his arm and allowed him to lead her away.  George led Sally inside his box, a servant stood next to the curtain and opened it for them.  
“See that we are not disturbed by anyone.” George said as he offered the man a few coins.  
The man nodded his head to George and Sally stepped inside.  George gestured for her to have a seat.  Sally glanced around the dark surroundings as she twisted her fingertips.
“I should probably go back, Lord Southerton.”  Sally said, her voice quivering.
“Nonsense, you’ll miss the performance.” He replied.  “And we are alone, you may call me George.” He stepped closer to her, blocking her exit.

“Honestly George,” she smiled nervously. “I’m not the least bit interested in the performance.  I don’t understand anything that is going on.”
“Good.” He smiled as he wrapped his arms around her slender waist, pulling her body against his.  “You won’t miss anything then.”  
George captured her mouth with his, nibbling lightly on her bottom lip.  Sally felt her body melt into him, his erection pressing into her.  She desperately needed to feel his touch again, part of her mind worried about being caught by her friends.  George trailed kisses down her neck and along her collar bone.  Flames were igniting across her skin where he kissed her.
“Georgie,” She gasped.
“Mmm, Sally.” He breathed.  Their voices were barely audible over the orchestra below.  Strands from the overture wafted up to their balcony.
“We’ll get caught.” She whispered.
“No, we won’t be disturbed.” He assured her.
“But your cousin and Anabel, they will worry and search for me. They told me to stay away from you.” Sally pushed out of his embrace.  George caught her wrist and pulled her close once again.  He trailed a finger down her neck and delicately brushed her heaving chest.
“I don’t give a damn about Christine and Miss Potter.  I don’t give a damn about what anyone says I should and shouldn’t do.  I need this.” He kissed her again, breaking it quickly.  “I need you, Sally.”
Sally pulled George into her, crushing his mouth with hers.  George gently guided Sally to a chair and knelt between her legs.  Tugging on her corset, George managed to free her breasts.  Greedily he kissed and suckled her breast.  His hands pushing up her voluminous skirts to her thighs.  Sally sucked in her breath and bit her lip as George untied her pantlets, tugging them down her legs and tossing them aside.  She sat in front of him, exposed and ready for him.  He slid his fingers through the curls between her legs, finding her entrance slick.  Sally moaned when his fingers slid inside her.
“You’re wet for me Sally.” He smiled up at her.  “Have you been thinking of me all day?” he asked.  Sally nodded her head, her voice refusing to work.  “Good.” He said as he pulled his fingers out of her. George licked her cream from his fingers.  Sally’s eyes widened.  “I love the taste of you.”  He sighed pushing her legs farther apart.
Sally suppressed a squeal as George licked her little bud.  Her hands, that had been clenching the sides of the chair, grabbed his hair, urging him to taste more of her.  He threw her legs over his shoulder, pulling her closer to get a deeper taste of her suckling and nuzzling her delicate flesh.  Sally arched her back, almost rising out of her seat, as George’s tongue thrust deep inside her.  Her fingers curling tightly in his hair as a fire exploded through her body.  Sally’s body vibrated as George tightened his grasp around her waist, devouring her like a fine wine.  George waited for Sally’s breath to slow and he nibbled at her inner thigh.  He wanted to leave a mark on her, something no one else would see.  He bit down on the tender skin of her thigh.  George was surprised she did not scream, her body stiffened as she gasped.  He looked at his handy work and kissed the mark he left behind, she was his to touch and no one else’s. 
 George smiled at the bewildered girl, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her to the floor with him.  Kissing her, he thrust his tongue into her mouth.  He wanted to make sure she could taste herself on his tongue.  Her fingers fumbled with the buttons on his shirt, her hands traveled down to his breeches.  George helped her undo his trousers.  Sally nipped his bottom lip as her hands wrapped around his velvety erection.  She caressed him as he groaned, she bit his lip harder.
“I want it.” Sally breathed.  “I want your cock inside me.  I want to feel you inside me.”
Quickly George maneuvered her around, forcing her onto all fours.  He thrust himself as hard as he could, deep inside her.  She moaned his name as he tightened his hold on her hips and slowly dove inside his sweet angel.  He wanted to make her scream his name, he wanted to torture her body with his pleasure.  Slowly he continued his lovemaking, feeling her clench and then slicken around him.  He held her still and let the pleasure pulsate through her.
“Wait,” She said.
“Whatever for, Sally?” He teased, pulling himself out and slowly pushing back in. “Aren’t I giving you what you want?”
“Yes,” Sally moaned.  “But I want you in the chair.  Sit in the chair for me, Georgie.”
George laughed and pulled himself out of her again.  Obliging her, George sat in the chair expecting her to sit on his lap.  Seductively, Sally crawled to him on her hands and knees.  He smiled as she placed her hands on his legs, spreading them apart to give her access to him.  Sally caressed him and gently took his manhood in her hands, carefully stroking him.  Sally kissed the head, and took his shaft in her mouth, running her tongue the length of him.  George groaned her name as she sucked him and drug her fingernails across his thighs.  He watched her taking him in her mouth, he never wanted this moment to end.  Sally continued to let her tongue pleasure George until he began to pulsate in her mouth.  George shuddered as he watched Sally swallow every last drop of him.  She looked up at him and smiled.  Her eyes were deceptively innocent, but her smile belonged to a temptress.
“Sally Spade, you undo me.” He said caressing her cheek with his fingertips.

“And you’ve ruined me, my lord.  I suppose we are even.” She smiled at him as she pushed herself off the floor. 
 Sally did her best to rearrange her dress.  George stood up as well, pulling his trousers back on.  He glanced at her pantlets on the floor and kicked them under his chair.  Sally didn’t seem to notice him while she franticly looked for them.
“You should be on your way.  We wouldn’t want to worry my cousin and Miss Potter.” He said.
“But I can’t find my knickers.” She sighed in frustration. 
George gathered her into his arms and kissed the tip of her nose.  “I love it when you call them that.”  He smiled as he readjusted a few of the curls that hung at the nape of her neck.  Sally’s hands rested lightly on his chest. “No one will know you’re not wearing knickers.  It will be our dirty little secret.”  He grabbed one of her delicate hands and kissed her wrist and escorted her out of his box.  “Until next time, Mrs. Clark.” He smiled at her.
“There shouldn’t be a next time.” She replied.
“You are correct, there shouldn’t,” George waited for her to leave.  Sally glanced over her shoulder and smiled as she left him.  “but there will be.” He said allowed to himself.
Sally returned to Lord and Lady Prescott’s box.  She plopped herself into her seat.  Anabel gave her a strange look.
“You were gone for so long.  What happened to you?”  Anabel asked.
“I got lost.” Sally replied focusing on the stage.
“That is a long time to be lost.  You missed much of the performance.”
“Miss Potter,” James grumbled to the young girl.  Anabel sheepishly glanced back at him.  “Shut it.” He uttered in a low growl.
Anabel squeaked and shrunk back in her seat.  Sally smiled to herself.  She could enjoy the rest of the abysmal performance and try her best not to think about her missing clothing.  
Sally must have been gone longer than she thought because the opera wrapped up quickly after she arrived back to her seat.  She followed Lord and Lady Prescott out into the hall.  Anabel followed close behind, prattling on endlessly to Lord Fullcroft. Sally wondered how she would find the chatty girl a husband.  Finding an eligible bachelor would be the easy part, finding a man who could listen to Anabel’s constant talking would be difficult.  Perhaps she could find a def man to take her. Bless Lord Fullcroft, she thought, for indulging the girl.  Anabel began squealing and waving her arms wildly.  Sally turned her head to see what Anabel was doing.

“It’s Lord Southerton,” The girl cried out.  “Hello.” She shouted through the crowd of people.
“Anabel, no.  That’s not polite.” Sally whispered loudly. Lord and Lady Prescott saw George as well.  Sally watched George look up at them.  His eyes locked on hers and he smiled as he headed for them.  Sally’s face immediately began to flush.
“Miss Potter,” George said as he kissed the girl’s hand.  “How lovely to see you again.”
“Lord Southerton, this is our friend, Lord Fullcroft.” Anabel said gesturing to the man at her side.
Mathew smiled. “I knew your father.” Mathew said. The older gentleman regarded George. “If I’m not being too forward, may I ask what happened to you? Those are some nasty bruises.”
“Bare-knuckle boxing. Nasty habit, but one of my vices.” George replied. James snorted.
“I did not know you would be at the opera as well.” Anabel smiled.
“It was a last-minute decision.” He replied.
“Last minute my ass.” James grumbled and then winced as Christine kicked his ankle.
George turned his attention to Sally.  His gaze burned through her.  George took her hand into his and slowly brought it to his lips, kissing her lightly.  Sally’s lungs refused to work.
“Mrs. Clark.” He said in a husky voice.  “It’s always a pleasure to see you.” 
He held onto her hand and stared into her eyes.  Sally head a squeak and realized it came from her mouth.  James tugged on her elbow.
“Let’s go, Mrs. Clark.”  James gripped pulling her away from George. “It has been a long day and I wish to get home.”
“Then I won’t keep you.”  George replied, staring only at Sally. He nodded his head at James and Christine before leaving.  “It was a pleasure to meet you, Lord Fullcroft. Prescott. Miss Potter.  Cousin.”  George turned and left.
Sally traveled with her companions back to the Prescott townhome.  No one spoke to her about the odd moment that transpired with George.  Even Anabel kept her mouth shut.  Sally stared out her window at the dark London streets as she twisted hair around her finger.   Arriving home, Sally was stopped by James.
“A word, Miss Spade.”  He said leading her to his office.  Sally wordlessly followed.  “Lost?”  He muttered.  “That was the best you could come up with?”
“I was lost.” She replied.
“Do you have any idea how long you were gone?”
“Long enough so I didn’t have to sit through more of that singing.  And I really was lost.”

“Lost with George Southerton.  I warned you, Sally, you will get hurt.”
“Why do you care? What’s in it for you?” Sally crossed her arms across her chest and wrinkled her brow.  
“Because,” James shouted back. Sally tightened her fists, preparing for a fight.  James changed his tone.  He looked down at his desk as he tapped the top with his finger.  “You are important to my brother and sister.  Robert sent you here to help me after my accident with Margarete.  You came here every day even though I shouted at you and fought with you.  You have become a part of our family and I won’t sit by and let someone take advantage of you.” He placed a large hand on her shoulder.
Family was something Sally never considered herself to have. One of the most threatening Lords was telling her he considered her part of his family.  She smiled.  “Like a sister?” She asked.
“More like a distant cousin.”  He replied.  “Get some rest, Sally.  You still have a blackmailer to catch.  And I believe that Miss Potter is waiting for you to find her a husband.”  He smiled.
“I think I’ll have better luck finding the blackmailer.”  She smirked.
“No doubt.” James agreed with her.
Sally smiled and traipsed lightly up the steps.  Anabel held her door open and her large brown eyes could be seen peering through the crack.  She opened her door wider, poked her head into the hall, and opened her mouth to speak.  Sally walked by, not even glancing at the girl.
“Shut it, Anabel.” Sally shouted.
“Shutting it, Miss Spade.”  Anabel called back with a giggle and she shut her chamber door.

Chapter 9

	Sally was up and ready to conduct business.  She was dressed in one of her old, black working dresses.  In the foyer, a footman was holding a silver tray with a cream-colored card placed upon it.  
	“This came for you, madam.” He bowed as he held the tray for her.  
There was a letter with Sara Clark written on it.  She reached for it with a wrinkled brow, no one had called on her since she had arrived.  “Mrs. Clark” was neatly scrawled on the envelope.
		“My Dearest Mrs. Clark, 
			In your haste to rejoin your party last evening, you left behind your knickers.  They are in my possession.  If you want them back, you must visit with me for afternoon tea today. 
You’re good friend,
-G.S.
“Cheeky bastard.” Sally mumbled to a surprised footman.  She placed the letter back on the tray. Grinning to herself she glanced down at her dress.  Sally would have to make a change to her attire if she was to see her good friend G.S.  Smiling as she ran back up to her room, Sally knew exactly what she would wear to afternoon tea.
	Sneaking into the Southerton townhome was easier than Sally had expected. She had arrived an hour before tea, a small bag dangling from her arm.  William was occupied with Eddie and his lessons.  Mrs. Donovan was busy interviewing staff, staff that Sally would be expected to investigate tomorrow.  Sally watched from a hidden alcove as George would leave and re-enter his office.  He would pace the hall and run his fingers through his hair with a shaking hand.  Eddie had called to him, and he headed for the nursery.  Sally took the opportunity to sneak into the office, leaving a note of her own on his desk.
		“Meet me upstairs,
						-S.S.
	All that was left for Sally to do was to wait for George.  She slipped her work dress over her head she wore a tightly laced sapphire corset and matching satin pantlets.  Sally kicked off her boots and sat in George’s armchair.  She dropped her bag to the floor and waited for George to find her note.
	George left his meeting with Eddie and headed back to his office.  The woman was going on about William.  She seemed pleased\, but truly George could not concentrate on what Eddie was saying.  He was waiting for Sally’s response, but she had not sent him one.  He worried that Prescott or his cousin waylaid his note to her.  Stepping into his office, he spotted a folded slip of paper on his desk.  George read the brief missive and ran up the steps.

	Sally sat smoking a cigar, waiting patiently for the door to open. She leaned back in the chair, draping her legs over the arm.  Her hair cascading down her shoulders, her chest heaving in anticipation. She only wore her corset, stockings, and pantlets.  George walked into his room eyes wide and mouth open.
	“You’ve kept me waiting.”  She said, her voice soft and purring.
	“Me?” he replied.  “I was expecting your reply hours ago.  Are you smoking one of my cigars again?”  
	“I don’t like your tone.” She smiled.  “Lock the door.”  Her voice calm and even.  George turned to lock the door.  Sally placed her cigar in a holder she had set on the table.  “Good, undress.” 
	“Sally, I…”
	“I didn’t permit you to speak.  Undress for me, Lord Southerton.” She folded her arms across her chest and sat up straight.  “You need to be punished.”
	“Alright, Sally.  I’ll play your game.”  George tugged at the buttons on his shirt, removing it and tossing it to the floor.  He kicked off his shoes and dropped his pants.
	Sally watched, her smile growing wider.  She reached into her bag, producing a few lengths of rope and a black riding crop.  “On to the bed.” She ordered.
	“Sally do not toy with me.”
	Sally swiftly smacked George across the thighs.  George winced, she smiled.  “On to the bed now.” She said more forcefully.
	George obeyed and laid down onto his bed.  Sally laid the riding crop at the foot of the bed.  She straddled George as she tied each hand to the headboard.
	“Sally.  What are you doing?”
	“Shh,” She placed a finger to his lips and then forced it into his mouth.  He sucked on it, flicking his tongue across this tip.  Sally groaned.  “I love that tongue of yours.”
	“What are you going to do to me?” His voice was shaky.
	“Punishing you.” Her wicked grin on her lips.  
She brought her mouth down onto his hard, nipping at his lower lip with her teeth.  His breath catching in his throat.  Sally bit harder, George cried out in pain.  She sucked at the bruised lip, massaging it with her tongue, he panted.  Kissing him again, she forced her tongue into his mouth.  He had no way to stop her and she was enjoying her power.  She broke her kiss, George was already breathless.

“When I am finished punishing you, you will be begging me for more.”
“Yes, Sally.” He sighed.
“Yes, Mistress.” She corrected.
“Yes, Mistress.” George smiled.
“And Lord Southerton, if you make much more noise I’ll have to take off my damp knickers and shove them in your mouth.”
“Yes, Mistress.” 
“But you’d like to taste my wet knickers, wouldn’t you Lord Southerton.”
“Yes, Mistress.”  George smiled.
	“Say it, Lord Southerton.” She ordered.
	“I want to taste your cunny.” He groaned.
	“Lord Southerton.” She looked down at him.  “That is awful langue.” She chided.  “Tell me more.”
	“I love the taste of your cunny.  I want to suck the juices from your cunny.  I love to watch your face when you come in my mouth, Mistress.”  He stared at her.
	“Beg for it, I want you to beg to taste my cunny.” She demanded.
	“I want it, Mistress.  Please let me taste it.” George begged. His mouth open, he was breathing hard.
Sally settled herself with her legs to either side of his face.  Slowly she lowered herself to his mouth.  George licked her through her knickers.  She could feel the heat from his tongue through the material.  George sucked her nub of flesh and Sally groaned in delight.  His tongue circling the flesh as he sucked on her.  Sally grabbed onto the headboard as she began to throb in his mouth.  Chest heaving, body throbbing, Sally let George taste her.  She carefully got up and pulled the soaked material down.

	“More.” He breathed.  “I need more.”
	Sally lowed herself to his mouth again, now bare.  George slid his tongue inside her, licking her tart and sweetness groaning as he tasted her.  Sally did her best not to buck her hips as another round of pleasure pulsed through her.  She glanced down, George was watching her as she cum in his mouth.
	“You do have a talented tongue, Lord Southerton.” Sally sighed.  
George responded by groaning and sucking on her again.  Sally moaned loudly as her body pulsated with more delight.  She got up again and laid down pressing her body onto him.  Sally kissed and licked his lips.
“Is this my punishment, Mistress?” He said between kisses.  “You can’t punish by making me do something I enjoy.”
	“Lord Southerton, I’ve only begun to punish you.” She whispered in his ear.
 Her teeth nipped his earlobe.  George sucked in a breath and Sally suckled it.  She reached down and pinched his nipple, rolling it between her fingers.  His breath quickening.  Sally bit his neck, George’s body stiffened underneath her.  She licked his wound and kissed it gently; George sighed.  Sally dragged her nails down his chest.  The ropes tightening as George pulled at his bonds, his breath coming harder.  Sally licked him from his stomach to the chest.  He let out a soft moan.
	“What did I say about noises?” She replied trailing soft kisses on his chest.  Sally sat up, letting him feel her wetness on his hardened erection.  George bucked his hips against her.  “No, no,” she said.  “You’re not allowed to have this yet.” She slid herself the length of him.
	“Please, I need to be inside you.” His voice was raspy. 
	“Mm, you didn’t call me Mistress.  I will punish you more.”  Sally smiled.
	“Sorry, Mistress.   Please, I need you.  I need to feel you.”
	“I’ll have your cock when I’m ready for it.  You will wait for my cunny, patiently, while I punish you.”  
	Sally slid further down, licking her dampness from his erection.  She heard George suck in a deep breath.  She let her tongue travel to his inner thigh, George held his body rigidly.  She glanced at him and waited for him to look at her.  Once she had his attention, she bit down onto the soft flesh while she cradled his leg.  George held his breath. He held himself as still as possible while Sally bit and sucked on the flesh of his thigh, giving him a matching bite mark on his thigh.  He wrapped his fingers around the ropes and pulled.
	“You will not be able to break free, my lord.” She smiled, gently kissing the mark she had made.  Sally watched his body quiver with anticipation for her touch.  A small bead of damp glistened on the tip of his erection.  Sally sucked the tip, licking the little bead away.
	“Please, please, please, Sally.” He groaned.  “I can’t take much more of this.”
	“Oh, my darling Lord Southerton.  I can do this all day if I wanted.”

	“No, you can’t, Sally.” His eyes mad with want, his voice raspy as his breath was rapid.  “I will get free from my bonds.  Eventually, you will let me free or I will break free, and then you and your sweet little cunny are mine.”  Sally ignored him, kissing and licking his thighs.  “I will tie you up Sally, I will tie hands to your feet and force you to take all of me inside you. I will drain my cock inside you. And I will be harsh, Sally.  I will pound into you hard and fast. No more gentle lovemaking.”
	“Really, my lord.”  Sally stroked his erection and kissed his balls.  “What other torment do you have for my sweet little cunny.”  She spoke softly, and George shivered.
	“I will leave you tied and spread for me.  And I will spend all my days making you wet for me.”
	“How will you make me wet for you, my lord.”  She purred.
	“I will tie you to my chair, and I’ll make sure your legs are spread wide.  I’ll lick and suck your sweet cunny and I’ll wait till you’re ready to come and I’ll stop.”
	“That does sound like torture.  You know how much I enjoy your masterful tongue.”  She licked the length of his cock and stopped, waiting for him to continue.
“I will stop, and I’ll wait for your body to stop quivering.  You quiver before you come, did you know that?  And then I’ll start licking you more and more.  I won’t stop.  Even after you come for me, I won’t stop.  You will beg me to stop licking you.  And when I’m tired of licking you, I will force you to take my cock in your mouth.”  George groaned as Sally licked him again.  “Oh, God, please Sally.  Take me in your mouth.”  His breathing hard.  “Please, I didn’t mean all those things.  Please take me in your mouth.  I can’t take much more of this.”
Sally sat up and slid herself down onto his cock as hard as she could.  She was still damp from his tongue and his threats of torture made her even slicker.  George moaned loudly.  “Is this what you wanted?”  She asked as she slid herself up and down even harder.
“Yes.” He groaned.
Sally rocked herself hard and fast, letting out a loud moan.  “You wanted to feel my sweet cunny on your hard cock, George?”  George grunted, pulling on his restraints again.  “You want to feel me come on your cock, George?”  She didn’t wait for a reply.  Sally shivered, tightening and throbbing around him.  His body bucked beneath her, thrusting and groaning as his body spasmed.  Sally leaned forward and kissed his damp forehead.  “Did you drain your cock inside my cunny?” She whispered.  George only nodded his head.  His eyes shut, his breath slowly returned to normal.  “Dear Lord, Georgie.  What did you do?” She said trying to pick the knot from his restraints.  George could only turn his head and smile.  Sally sat up and walked over to where she had dropped her boots.  “You lucky, lucky man.” She replied as she pulled the knife she hid in the back of her boot.  Sally returned to cut his bonds.

“I am lucky.  I am the luckiest Englishman ever.  The most beautiful woman ever tormented me until I come.” He replied as he rung the feeling back into his hands.  The skin on his wrist was raw in places. He grabbed Sally and pulled her into his arms.  “And what is all this?”  He said tugging at her corset.  “How can you hide your beautiful tits from my mouth?”  
Sally laughed.  “Georgie, your language today is horrific.” She smiled.  “Cunny, tits?  When did you start speaking this way?”
“When this foul-mouthed little maid with a sweet cunny and beautiful tits arrived on my doorstep with my sister.”  He traced her mouth with his finger.  “Where did you come up with the idea? Tying me up and torturing me like this.” 
“Some of Robert’s patrons had strange requests.  You’d be surprised by some of the lords that enjoy being beaten with ridding crops.” 
“I thought little Sally Spade was a good girl and didn’t participate in bawdy acts.”  He said.
“There was one gentleman in particular that paid me handsomely to watch while another girl beat and humiliated him.” 
“Watch only, you seemed to know what you were doing.” He smiled.
“I only watched, but he was there several times a week.”
  “And I think you cut those ropes, so I won’t tie you up.” He kissed her lips lightly.
“No, I liked how you said you would torture me.  You might have to tie me up sometime.” She kissed him back.
“I think I will.” He kissed her deeper.  “I think I will kidnap you and tie you to my bed. I can have my way with you every night.”
	“George,” Sally sighed brushing the hair out of his eyes. “We’ve discussed this.”
	George held her tightly, kissing her.  “You came back today.  You didn’t have to.”
	“You stole my knickers.” She whined, pushing on his shoulder.
	“But you didn’t have to.  You didn’t have to come to my private box last night either.”
	“George, when you look at me the way you did last night I can’t breathe.”
	“My lovely Miss Spade, please show me how I look at you to steal your breath away.  I promise to steal it away every night.”  George nibbled on her neck.
	“Georgie,” Sally gasped as his teeth gently nipped the soft flesh of her neck.  “I have a job that I promised to do.”

	“Good, I’ll help you.” He smiled and kissed her along her jawline.  “Since we have a common goal.  I can be of assistance with finding the blackmailer.”
	“Are you forgetting the other tasks that I have?  Miss Potter is still in search of a titled husband.  It has not been easy.” Sally giggled pushing George away.
	“She can marry William.” He pulled her back into his embrace.  “Problem solved.”
	“Billy is just a boy.”  She tried to wiggle away.  George kissed her again, successfully rolling Sally onto her back.  He poised himself above her.  “Anabel will never agree to that.”  Sally wrapped her legs around him.
	“Now she’s just being difficult.  That’s a viable offer she’s received and she’s turning it down.”  He rocked his pelvis against her.
	“You’re the difficult one.  You refuse to take ‘no’ for an answer.” She smiled.  George grabbed for her hands and pulled them over her head.
	“I will keep you here by any means necessary.” He thrust himself into her, Sally groaned. “I will do whatever it takes to keep you.”  Sally arched her back; she matched the rhythm of his hips crying out in ecstasy.  He smiled before kissing her.  “Stay with me, be mine.  Anything Sally wants, Sally will have.”  He kissed her, losing himself completely to her.
	“Sally wants to be her own person.  I don’t want to belong to anyone.” She replied.
George didn’t know what to say to her.  That was her excuse every time.  She didn’t want to belong to anyone.  “Sally,” He began.
	“George, I’m wealthy in my own rite.  Why would I agree to be someone’s mistress?  There is nothing you could buy me that I couldn’t get for myself.”
He pursed his lips, but gently placed a kiss on her forehead.  “You are right.”  He replied to her.  “There is nothing that I can purchase for you that you could not get for yourself.  But I will think of something that you need from me, something only I can provide for you.  And you will stay.”
	“I doubt that.” She replied.
A fist was pounding on his chamber door.  Mrs. Donovan’s voice was shouting from the hall.  “Lord Southerton.”  She tried the locked knob.  Both Sally and George began to shuffle from the bed.
	“Yes,” George answered, glad Sally had asked him to lock the door.  “What is it?” 
	“Lord Prescott is demanding to see you, sir.”  Her voice was shaky.
	“Tell that fool that I will break down this door if he does not come out now.” James shouted in the hallway.  Sally’s eyes went wide, she mouthed a silent ‘no’.

	“Um, yes, Mrs. Donovan.  Let Lord Prescott know that I will be down shortly.  Please bring tea to the library.” George responded.
	“Pleasantries won’t be necessary.” James grumbled loudly.
George and Sally waited for the sound of James and Mrs. Donovan to disappear from the hallway.  “He knows I’m here.”  Sally said.  “He told me not to see you again.”
	“Did you tell him you were here?” George asked.
	“No, but James is cunning. He will put things together.”
	“Then let me go downstairs. You can sneak out the back once I have Lord Prescott’s attention.”  Sally nodded in agreement.  “What are your plans this evening?” He asked her.
	“I have a blackmailer to find.”
	“Good, I want to come with you.” He pulled her in for an embrace.
Sally rolled her eyes and smiled.   “We were invited to a ball this evening and I thought I might be able to do some investigating there.”
 	“Do you think that’s wise?” He asked. “You aren’t afraid of being caught?”
	“Not if I ask the right questions to the right people.” She smiled.  “It’s at Lord and Lady Canterbury’s home.  I’m assuming you have an invitation.”  He nodded.  “Then the respectable Mrs. Clark will see you tonight.”
“Alright.  I don’t want to keep Lord Prescott waiting.”  George said.  He broke their embrace and started to dress.
	“You don’t want to keep James waiting.”  Sally laughed, dressing as well. 
	George nodded and walked into the hallway, closing the door behind him.  He met James in his library.
	“What could be so important, that you had to scare my housekeeper, Prescott.”  George said.
	“Stay away from her.”  James growled.
	“I don’t know…”
	“Shut up!”  James shouted as he tossed the note George sent to Sally. “Don’t play stupid with me.  You know who I’m talking about.”
	George crossed his arms and scowled.  “Don’t you have a wife to worry about?” 
	“Because you are my wife’s cousin, I will ignore what you just said.  Sally is important to my brother.  I will not see that girl be hurt but someone like you.”
	“That girl’ is old enough to make her own decisions.  Let her decide what she wants to do.”

James stepped closer to George, almost nose to nose. “Leave Miss Spade be.” He growled.
	“Or what?”  George smirked.
	“I am fully prepared to defend her honor.”  James replied.  “If you hurt or embarrass that woman, I will call you out.”
	George laughed.  “You, the most immoral man in all of England will call me out if I embarrass a woman who used to be a maid in your brother’s whorehouse.”   Immediately after he said the words, George regretted them.  This is what Sally was afraid of, someone not respecting her talents.  She was so much more than the maid that arrived with his sister and if she heard him speak like that, he knew she would never speak to him again.
	“I should strike you now.”  James’ voice was full of rage.  George heard it, stepping away from James.  “You deserted your wife, leaving her to care for a child on her own without a penny to her name.”
	The mention of George’s late wife struck a nerve.  “I didn’t know about the child and my father told me she abandoned me for money.  I am taking care of my son now.  If I would have known she was carrying my child things would have been different.”
	“You will not see Sally again.” James threatened.
	“Get out of my house.”  George pointed for the door.  James snorted and turned on his heels, leaving George alone.
	George stormed out of his library, his head spinning.  He stomped down his hall in a blind rage almost knocking Mrs. Donovan to the ground.  “Sorry.”  He mumbled as he helped to right the woman.
	“Oh, Lord Southerton.”  She replied.  “Now that you are free, I would like to discuss Miss Spade’s...”
	“No.”  George shouted at her.  “I will not discuss Miss Spade with you or anyone other than Miss Spade.  What the two of us do behind closed doors is no one’s business but our own.  Have I made myself clear, Mrs. Donovan?”
	Mrs. Donovan stood with her mouth hanging open.  “I understand, sir, but…”
	“But what?  You will call me out if I embarrass Miss Spade as well?”
	Mrs. Donovan wrinkled her brow and squared her shoulders.  “I wanted to let you know that I have reviewed Miss Spade’s list of acceptable hires and I plan on bringing more staff on shortly.” She replied red-faced.

	George’s jaw went slack.  He made several attempts to say something to cover for his stupid outburst, but no words would come out.  Mrs. Donovan made a ‘humph’ noise and walked around him leaving George standing alone and looking like a jackass.  “But I love her.”  He finally said.  The words he had been searching for since he met Sally.  He had fallen completely in love with the bewitching woman and he was sure she did not feel the same.  That was the only reason why she was so quick to leave him.  She had made it clear that she would not belong to someone, she did not want or need his money, and he had no idea how to make her stay with him.  He needed time to think of some type of arrangement that Sally would agree to, but he didn’t think he had time.  George left for his chamber to think of something to convince Sally she needed to stay with him.
	George arrived early to Lord and Lady Canterbury’s home.  He wasn’t the first guest to arrive, but there weren’t many guests either.  Making small talk with the hosts and the few other guests, George waited for Sally’s arrival.  A vision of beauty, Mrs. Clark's arrival was announced with his cousin’s and Miss Potter.  George relaxed a little when he realized that Lord Prescott didn’t attend as well.  Instead, Lord Fullcroft was escorting the ladies.  Anabel clung to Matthew’s arm, the pair giggling together while Sally rolled her eyes at the two of them.  Sally swatted Matthew’s arm with her fan before venturing on her own.  He watched her gracefully cross the room while she fanned herself, her gown matching the exact color of her eyes.  He couldn’t stop staring, George wasn’t her only admirer. Other gentlemen flocked to Sally, one of them was Lord Canterbury himself.  George was able to corner Sally alone.     
	“Mrs. Clark.” He smiled at her as he picked up her empty dance card that dangled at her wrist.  He signed for the first and second dance.
	“George!” She hissed through clenched teeth.  “What are you doing?  You shouldn’t sign for two dances.  People will talk.”
	“How else will I get you all to myself in public and still look respectable?” He smiled.
	“I don’t even dance well.”  She said. 
	“You are dainty.  I’m sure I won’t mind if you step on my feet.  And if you don’t want to look suspicious, I suggest you allow a few more gentlemen to sign your dance card.”
	“Ah, George.  I see you’ve met the lovely Mrs. Clark and convinced her to dance.”  Lord Canterbury said.
	George turned to the man and smiled.  “I’ve known Mrs. Clark for some time now.  We were practically neighbors in Philadelphia.  I worked with her husband on many projects.”  Sally could only smile in response.  “I was just telling her she needed to be more social.”  Sally quickly flashed George a frown.
	“Well, Mrs. Clark.”  Lord Canterbury said.  “I hope you allow me dance number,” He looked down at her card and saw George’s name on the first two lines, “dance number three.”  Lord Canterbury gave George a sly wink as he walked off to greet other guests.  
	“George?”  She whispered.  “Now everyone will talk.”
	“About what?”  Anabel said.  She and Matthew had snuck up behind them.
	“George signed my dance card.  Twice.”  She hissed.
	George turned to Anabel and signed for the third and fourth dance on her car.  “Problem solved.  I am dancing with Miss Potter twice as well.” 
	Matthew picked up Sally’s card and signed for a dance as well.  “I already signed Anabel’s card.” He smiled.
	“I didn’t come here to dance.”  Sally said.  
	“I did.”  Matthew said.  “Christine is drumming up support for her husband’s charity and I need something to occupy my time.  You don’t think that the blackmailer would be here?”
	“It’s possible.”  Sally said.
	“Good,”  Matthew replied.  “Hopefully when the dancing is done, I will be of some use to you.”  
The beginning strains of a waltz started, and George picked up Sally’s hand leading her to the dancefloor.
	“George, I’m not good at all.”  Sally whispered.	
“Just relax and follow my lead.”  He said.  After a rocky start, Sally seemed to pick up on the steps.  “Why do you think that our blackmailer might be here?”  He asked.
“Do you remember that lord I told you about that paid me to watch him.”  She said.  George nodded.  “That’s him.”  Sally tilted her head in Lord Canterbury’s direction.  The older gentleman was dancing with Anabel.  The younger woman frowned and tilted her head at something Lord Canterbury said to her. Canterbury leered and smiled at Anabel.
“She’s not in any type of trouble?”  George asked.
“No, he wouldn’t force himself on a young woman.  He likes to be spanked by young women.”  Sally said.  George’s jaw hung open.  “For God’s sake, don’t stare like that.”  Sally said.
“Why would you think he might be blackmailing my family.” George asked.
“Because he was there the night that Amelia snuck downstairs.  He might have seen her.  He might have recognized her.”
	“I don’t know, Sally.  Lord Canterbury has known my family for years.”
	“It’s still worth checking into.”  She said.  
They’re first dance ended and drifted into their second.  Sally was easily keeping pace with George.  He stared intently into her eyes, smiling softly at her.  “I meant to tell you earlier, you look stunning.”
	“Stop.”  She smiled.
	“I mean it.  I should have told you last night as well.  And the night before.”
	“You mean the night you threw me into your carriage and tried to lock me in a room.”  She teased.
	“Sally, there is something I should tell you.  But I’m not sure how to say it.”
Before he could say another word, their second dance was ending, and Lord Canterbury was tapping George on the shoulder.  “I believe it’s my turn.”  The round man said.
	“Mrs. Clark.” George began as he took Sally’s hand and kissed it.  “It was a pleasure as always.”
	Before she could say anything, Lord Canterbury was swirling Sally across the floor.  “Mrs. Clark, I must say that you look familiar.  Have we met before?”
	“Have you been to Philadelphia?” She asked.
	“No.”
	“Well, unfortunately, this is my first trip abroad.  My late husband promised to take me traveling, but we never got the chance to travel together.”
	“Ah.” The man said and he tried to pull Sally closer.  “Have you ever wanted to take a hairbrush to someone’s backside?”  He asked.
	Sally understood what he had said to Anabel that made her frown.  “I’m sorry?” She asked pretending to be confused by the question.
	“Never mind.  I’m just a silly old man.” He said.  
Sally smiled and did her best to follow Lord Canterbury through the dance.  He was not as graceful a partner as George leaving her to stumble through a few steps.  The older gentleman even managed to step on her toes.  She was grateful when the dance was over, and Matthew was taking his place.
“Oh, thank God.” She said smiling at Matthew.  “I thought for sure that dance would never end.”
“Anabel mentioned that Lord Canterbury was heavy-footed.”  Matthew smiled.  “She also mentioned that he asked her a very strange question.”
“Let me guess, he asked her if she ever had the urge to smack someone’s bottom with a hairbrush.”
“Mrs. Clark,” Matthew said with a smile.  “You are most intuitive.”
“Hardly.  He asked me the same question.  He frequented Diablo’s club.  He enjoyed having the younger girls spank him with all sorts of objects.”
“And how does Mrs. Clark know this bit of information?”
“Mrs. Clark doesn’t.  Sally Spade does, and she worked for Robert Deacon.  Lord Canterbury enjoyed having someone watch him get spanked.  And I believe he might have seen Amelia Southerton at the club as well.”  Sally replied.
“You think he is our suspect.”  Mathew said.  
Sally nodded.  “But it's worse than that.  I think he recognized me.” 
“That isn’t good.”  Mathew replied.  “Why don’t you, Anabel, and George poke around downstairs.  Christine and I will try to keep the Canterburys occupied.”  He said as he maneuvered them around the room.  They were dancing close to Anabel and George.  “Southerton,” Mathew said.  “I was having the most interesting conversation with Mrs. Clark.”
“I imagine it was as interesting as the conversation I had with Miss Potter.”  George smiled as Anabel smirked.
“I think he recognized me.”  Sally said.  George’s smile quickly faded to a frown.
“Why don’t you take the ladies to cool off while Lady Prescott and I keep Lord Canterbury busy.”  The orchestra began to fade.
“I believe I can handle that.”  George said as they walked to the side.  Mathew bowed to the ladies and left to find Christine.
“Where should we start?”  Anabel asked as George led them down the hall.
“His office.”  Sally said.
“Why there?” Anabel asked.
“If you were keeping incriminating evidence about someone, you would want to keep it where you could easily find it, but others couldn’t.”  Sally said.
“That’s if he’s keeping anything here at all.”  George replied.
“For our sake, let’s hope he is.”  Sally said.
The trio walked down a long corridor trying different doors as they went along.  One went to a broom closet, another went to a powder room.  George came upon a door that was locked.  
“I think I might have found it.”  He said.  Sally walked up to the door.  She fiddled with her hair comb till two pieces broke off in her hand.  She slid the picks into the lock.  Hearing the satisfying pop and click of the lock opening, Sally removed her picks and opened the door leading to Lord Canterbury’s office.  Walking into the room Sally went to a large oak desk in the middle of the room.  The drawers on the desk were locked ask well.  She fiddled around with the drawers opening each one.
“What are we looking for?”  Anabel asked.
“Anything suspicious.”  Sally said.  “Like money deposited into an account, notes, letters.  Anything that would stand out as not ordinary business deals.”  She said as she continued to open all his dresser drawers.
“What about threatening letters addressed to Lord Canterbury?”  Anabel asked.
“And large withdrawals from a bank account.”  George added.  He sighed and his shoulders slumped.  “Sally, I don’t think Lord Canterbury is our man.”  
Muffled voices were heard in the hallway getting closer to the door.  They could hear Christine’s voice in the hallway.  “Lord and Lady Canterbury, please there is nothing suspicious going on.”  George, Sally, and Anabel froze as the office door was opened.  
“I knew I recognized you.” Lord Canterbury growled pointing a finger at Sally.  “You worked in that whorehouse that burnt down a few years ago.”  Sally stayed silent and raised her eyebrow.  “Well, if you’re trying to get money out of me too, you’re too late.”
“Lord Canterbury, Mrs. Clark isn’t trying to get money from you.”  George said.  “My family is being blackmailed and Mrs. Clark has been assisting us.”  
“That doesn’t explain why you are in my private office.”  Lord Canterbury grumbled.
“I think all of you should leave at once.”  Lady Canterbury said.
Anabel rushed to Christine’s side and handed the letter that was addressed to Lord Canterbury.  Christine read through it quickly, paying attention to the handwriting. Matthew stood at Christine’s side and placed his hand on her shoulder.  “Lord Canterbury, I think we are looking for the same person.”  She said handing the note to Lord Canterbury.
“We thought you might be the one responsible for blackmailing our family.”  George said.
“Why would I blackmail your family.” Lord Canterbury said.
“Because I knew you recognized me.  And If you recognized me, I thought you might have recognized Amelia Southerton.”
“My sister, sir.”  George said.
“But your sister died years ago.”  Lady Canterbury said.
“Unfortunately, that is what my parents wanted people to think so they could steal her inheritance."  Christine replied.
“Lord Winthrope sold my sister to Robert Decon to clear his gambling debt.”  George said.
“She was only his housekeeper.”  Sally said.  “She wanted to make extra money one night and snuck downstairs.  She didn’t do anything, but we thought you might have seen her.”
“Your sister,” Lord Canterbury began.  “She was the little red-headed maid.”  George and Sally nodded.  “Lord Winthrope offered her to me as well.  That bastard.”
“How can we trust you to keep our secret safe?”  Lady Canterbury asked.
“Lord Denton and I were lovers.”  Mathew offered.  “Someone started a rumor that his son was not a legitimate heir.”
“I married my maid when I was eighteen.  I fathered a child with her.  My father paid her to disappear and my son was raised in a workhouse.”  George said.
“And someone is spreading rumors that Amelia Southerton worked in a whorehouse on her back.”  Sally added.  “We have nothing to gain by selling your secrets.”
“I can’t take much more of this.”  Lady Canterbury cried.  “When will it stop?”
“Don’t pay them anymore,”  Sally said.  “I will find them.”
“You could also stop asking ladies about their opinions on hairbrushes and bottoms.”  Anabel replied.
“Roland!” Lady Canterbury hissed to her husband.  “We discussed this.”
“Yes, but I need….”
“Why not have your wife do it?” Anabel suggested.  “She’s not going to tell anyone.”
Lady Canterbury’s face bright red.  “I wouldn’t know…I couldn’t…how would one….”
“Lady Canterbury,” Sally said.  “Let’s take a walk.”  She clutched Lady Canterbury’s elbow and walked slowly with the lady down the hall.  Sally whispered to her while Lady Canterbury’s face turned a brighter shade of red.  The lady fanned herself while Sally explained what to do.  After a long discussion on hairbrushes, Sally rejoined her friends.
“Well, that went nowhere.”  Anabel grumbled.
“I’m not so sure.”  Mathew said pointing to a grimy little man that was poking Lord Canterbury in the chest.  The gentleman called for a few of his servants to drag the man out.  Sally immediately smiled at seeing Jack forcibly removed from the townhome.
“Sally, do you know who that is?”  Mathew asked.
“Yes, I do.”  Her smile was even wider.  “Lord Fullcroft, care to join me for a drink in an unsavory location?”
“I get to accompany Miss Spade on an adventure?  How delightful.”
“Lady Prescott.”  Sally had to wave to get Christine’s attention.  She seemed transfixed on the spot where Jack had stood.  
“I’m sorry.”  Christine smiled.  “What did I miss?”
“Mathew and I are going to visit an old friend of mine.  I think its best if only two of us go.”
“Yes, of course.  Take my carriage.  Anabel and I will ride home with George.”  Christine smiled.  George frowned.  “I thought you would take me with you.”
“Not tonight.  Jack will recognize you.”
“But how are you safe dressed like that?” George asked gesturing to Sally’s ball gown.
“He won’t expect me to be dressed like this.  And I’m taking Mathew as my escort.  We will be perfectly safe.  You and I can go out another night.”  Sally said.  George frowned as Mathew offered Sally his arm.
Matthew led Sally to the Prescott carriage giving the driver the address to The Three Arms Tavern.
“Do you have an idea of what we’re going to do?”  Matthew asked.
“Ask questions for now.” She said.
“And do you think anyone will answer us?”
“My friends will.” Sally smiled.
They arrived at Sam and Holly’s tavern, the couple walked in gathering strange looks from the other patrons.
“I’m starting to feel a little overdressed.”  Mathew confided in her.
“Don’t worry.”  She smiled as she led him to the bar.  They waited patiently for the busy barmaid to acknowledge them.  The woman turned around and gawked at the well-dressed pair.  “Ello, Holly.”  Sally grinned at her.
“Sally?”  Holly’s eyes grew wide.  “Where did you get…how did you…. My God, if Sam could see you right now.”
“Where is Sam?  I thought he would get a good laugh out of this.”  Sally replied.
“He had to step out.”  Holly said as she stepped around the bar to hug Sally.  “You look fancy.  Are you pretending to be a fancy lady now?”
“Not quite.  I am a fancy lady.  I married a rich old man.”  Sally said.
Holly glanced at Lord Fullcroft.  “Not me.”  He said.  “Although I do find Mrs. Clark to be utterly charming and amusing. 
“I’m a widow.”  Sally quickly explained.  “Holly, this is Lord Fullcroft.  Do you have a minute to spare for us?”
“For you?  I always have time.”  Holly led Sally and Matthew a private room.  Shutting the door behind her Holly said, “What brings you here?”
Sally opened her reticule and pulled out the blackmail letter addressed to Mrs. Deacon.  “Have you heard anything about this?  It was sent to Robert’s new wife.”
Holly quickly read through the letter.  “I haven’t heard about anything, but people don’t brag about blackmailing wealthy families.”
“Jack’s involved somehow.”  Sally said.  “But he’s not the blackmailing type.”
“I don’t think Jack could spell most of these words.”  Holly said while Sally sniggered.  “Handwriting is too fancy.”
“The letters were sent by someone who was educated.”  Matthew offered.  “Does this Jack fellow know anyone like that.”
“You mean a gentleman?  Jack don’t usually deal much with that type.”  Holly said. 
 Sally frowned.  “No, a gentleman wouldn’t be caught dead in one of Jack’s places.  He must be a middle man, but that doesn’t make sense either.  He wouldn’t be answering to someone.”
"Stop in tomorrow afternoon."  Holly said.  “Jack has been coming in every week at that same time.  ‘Celebratin’’, he says.  He spends a lot of money on drinks here.”
“Now that Lord Canterbury is no longer paying him, Jack might not have a reason to celebrate.”  Sally said.  “Thanks, Holly.  I’ll be back tomorrow.”  She took Matthew’s arm and the pair left quietly.
“I was prepared for more excitement than that.”  Matthew replied.  “The night is young, Mrs. Clark.  How shall we entertain ourselves now?”
“Let’s go back to Lord Canterbury’s.”  She said as they got into the Prescott carriage.
“I’m sure the ball at Lord Canterbury’s is finished.”
“I didn’t say anything about the ball.”  Sally smiled.
When they arrived again at Lord Canterbury’s, guests were gone, and the home was dark. “I told you no one would be here.”  Matthew said.
“That’s fine.  We can sneak in.”  Sally replied hopping out of the carriage on her own.  She led Matthew to the side of the house.  The pair snuck into a garden that led to a veranda.  She peeked in a window and saw the office they were searching for earlier.  Luckily, the window was open a crack, and Sally was able to push the window open enough for the two to sneak in.  Sally climbed in first and Matthew followed.  
“Now what?”  Matthew asked.
“We sneak around till we find Lord Canterbury.” She replied.  The door opened and Lord Canterbury walked in.  “Or we could wait.”  She smiled at Matthew.
“Madame!”  He shouted.  “This is the second time I have found you sneaking through my personal belongings."
“I wasn’t going through your belongings this time.  I wanted to ask you a question.”
“This couldn’t wait till morning?”
“And run the risk of you refusing to see me?  No, this is important.”  Sally said.
“What is so important that you needed to disturb me now?”
“Would you possibly have other friends or acquaintances that are also being blackmailed by the same grimy little fellow you threw out of here earlier?”
“Why? So, you can blackmail them as well?”
“No.”  She said placing her hands on her hips.  “Tell them to stop paying the man.”
“He’ll ruin us.”  Lord Canterbury said.
“No, he won’t.  Jack doesn’t deal with secrets.  Gambling, prostitution, and other illegal vices, but not secrets.  I don’t think he knows a damn thing.  I think he’s collecting money for someone.  Stop paying him.  Then the real person blackmailing everyone will get desperate and sloppy.”
“That grimy little worm will blab everything.”
“I know Jack.  He won’t talk.  Who would listing to a grimy little worm?”  She smiled.  “Tell your friends not to pay him.”
Lord Canterbury stepped aside to allow them to leave.  “Mrs. Clark,” He began.  “I can trust you to keep this meeting and everything know about me confidential.”
“Lord Canterbury, you know that Mrs. Clark used to work in a whorehouse.  I’ll keep your secret if you can keep mine.”
“And I will not find you in any more of my locked rooms.”
“Of course not.”  Sally replied.
Lord Canterbury stood aside to allow Sally and Matthew to leave.  He followed behind them.  Sally had a suspicion it was to make sure they left his home.  Sally and Matthew climbed back into the Prescott carriage.
“What else can the amazing Mrs. Clark do?”  Matthew asked once they arrived at the Prescott townhome.
Sally reached for the doorknob, it was locked.  “Bugger.”  She swore softly under her breath.  “You’re about to find out.” Sally led him around to the back of the home and the kitchen door, also locked.  She pulled her comb out of her hair and found pieces that would fit inside the lock.  She quickly wiggled around her lock picks and opened the back door.
“How did you do that?”  Matthew said.
“Jack taught me when I was young.”
“You made that look so easy.”
“It is, now.  But it took me a long time to get it right.  You have to work quickly to make sure no one sees you do it.”  She led him into the kitchen and down the hall.  Lord Prescott spotted them on his way to his office.  
“A normal lady would knock on the front door.” He grumbled.
“Why would I do that when sneaking in the back is just as easy.”
“And now you are introducing Lord Fullcroft to your nasty habits.”  James said.
“You have to admit that she makes it look easy and fun.” Matthew replied with a smile.  He took Sally’s hand and kissed the top.  “Thank you, Sally, for an entertaining evening.”  Sally unlocked the front door for Matthew and waved her goodbyes.
James stayed in the hallway, his arms folded over his chest.  “I warned your friend to stay away.” He said.
“Why would you tell Matthew to stay away?  He’s your wife’s friend too.”
“You know who I mean.” He leaned forward.  Sally huffed, rolling her eyes.  “It seems he didn’t heed my warning.”  James handed Sally a note from George.  Sally read through the note quickly.  George wanted to help her and was upset she had gone without him.  
“I promised he could help me.”  Sally replied as she walked into James’ office.  James followed closely behind.  She grabbed a pen from his desk and wrote a response to George. ‘Meet me where I found you…’ she wrote before she resealed the note.
“Why do you want his help.  I can help you better.”
“No, you can’t.  You’re too recognizable.  And when we first talked about this you said that told the blackmailer to do as he pleased.”  James blocked her path.  “James, I’ve had a long day and I have work to do tomorrow.”
“I called him out.”  James said.  
“I wish you would stay out of my private life.”  Sally said.  James stepped aside letting her through.
“I want you to be careful.”  He said.
“I’m always careful.”  She said as she walked out of the office.






























Chapter 10

	Sally leaned against a wall in the alley waiting for George to arrive.  She had told him they would meet at dusk, and she was hoping that her instructions weren’t too vague.  She had worn her men’s breeches and shirt, with her locks tucked neatly under her cap.  She pulled the front of the cap low over her face, she no longer looked like a boy.
	“Tug at your cap all you want.” Sally heard a voice behind her say.  She stood up straight as a hand gently squeezed her shoulder.  “You are a vision in this light.”  George breathed in her ear.
	Butterflies circled her belly as a chill went down her spine.  Strong hands circled her waist as she was picked up from the ground, her back hit the wall.  George’s mouth crushed hers as his tongue teased at her lips.  He pulled her legs around his waist and he pressed himself against her. She ran her hands up his chest, taking in the rough fabric of this shirt.  He broke the kiss and smiled at her, Sally’s mouth was swollen and her eyelids heavy.  
	“Did I do well?” He asked her.
	“Always.” She breathed hard.  Her eyes were still half-closed.
	“You’re not even looking.” He laughed and kissed her again lightly.
	Sally opened her eyes fully and took in his attire.  The rough work shirt, worn breeches, and old leather boots were on the noble lord.  “Yes, you did well.” She smiled.  “Are they Mr. Donovan’s?”  She asked. 
	“Yes,” he replied.  “I have to admit that I think these breeches are becoming on you.”
	“Really?  Why is that?” She asked.
	“There isn’t much of a barrier.”  He said pressing himself into her harder.  Sally groaned as she felt his erection rubbing her.  One of George’s hands cupped her bottom, with the other he pulled at the neckline of her shirt as he looked down at the bindings she had wrapped around her chest.  “Oh dear, what did you do to those precious things?” He asked pressing a kiss to her collar bone.  George ran a finger along the top of her bindings.
	“Don’t fiddle with that.”  She giggled.  “It takes too long to wrap everything right.”  Sally placed her hands onto George’s shoulders and tried to push herself up.  It was no use, George pinned Sally to the wall grinding himself into her.  His face was buried in the curve of her neck.  “Put me down, George.”  Her breath was heavy.  “We have somewhere to be.”
	“Sally.”  George breathed.  “Please, I need you.  Just one more time before we go.”

	“George, we have an appointment, and we can’t keep him waiting.”  She tried wiggling from his grasp, her back scraping the wall.  
George pulled away. “Him?” He questioned. His brow furrowed.
	“Yes, a friend of mine is waiting for us and we are going to be late.”  Sally replied. George frowned.  She ran a delicate finger across his cheek.  “You’re not jealous, are you?” Sally smiled.
	“No.” George said, but the continued frown on his face told her otherwise.  He gently put her down.
	“C’mon, George.”  Sally grabbed his hand.  “Let’s go.  You’ll like Sam.”
	Sally dashed out of the ally with George on her heels.  “Where are you taking me?”  He asked her.  She didn’t answer but ducked into a little tavern.  It was dark inside and crowed with guests laughing and enjoying a pint.  Sally caught the attention of the buxom woman at the bar. The woman smiled at her and motioned for Sally to go thought the back.  Sally led George to a private meeting room, the woman from the bar followed them pulling a door shut behind her.  A large man was sitting at a lone table.  He stood up and smiled, wrinkles gathered around his eyes and mouth.  A few gray hairs lined his beard, but it was still the same Sam she knew.  His arms were opened wide and Sally ran to him for a bear hug.
	“That’s my Sal.”  Sam said kissing the top of Sally’s head.  “The wife said she didn’t recognize you in those fancy-dress clothes the other day.”
	“Good, I didn’t want anyone to recognize me.”  Sally smiled.
	“She looked like a whole other person.”  Holly replied with a large smile.  George cleared his throat.
	Sam looked up.  “Sally, who’s your friend?”
	“This is George.”  Sally replied.  “He’s also being blackmailed.”
Sam nodded his head and then looked back to Sally.  “So, he’s a part of the same family?”  He said. Sally smiled.  
	“We don’t get many fancy lords here.”  Holly smiled.
	“Mr. Deacon always came in.”  Sally responded.
	“Mr. Deacon is different.”  Sam replied.  “How is he, by the way.  Did he find Miss Lee?”
	“Yes.”  George spoke up.  “Miss Lee, Amelia, is my sister.  There are only a few people here who knew she was still alive.”

	“This is strange, Sam.  The Southerton family have a few skeletons in their closet, but nothing like some other families we knew.  I can’t understand why anyone would blackmail them.  Even Lady Prescott, she’s the sweetest lady I’ve met.  I don’t know who would want to hurt her.”  Sally said.
	“I’ve looked over the letters.”  Sam stated.  “Holly seems to think they were written by a woman.”
	“I said the handwriting looked flowery.” Holly defended herself.  “I didn’t say for sure it was a woman.  You know how some of those lords are more like ladies.”  Holly glanced at George.  Her face reddened.  “Sorry your grace.”  She curtsied.  “I didn’t mean no disrespect.”
	George laughed.  “It’s alright.  And please call me George for now.  Have you found anything that might lead us to the culprit.”
	“One of Sally’s old friends was bragging about how much coin he got for beating up a lord.”  Sam said glancing up at George.  “That must have been you.”
	“He stole my purse while his thugs beat me.” Grumbled George
	“That was Jack.”  Sally replied.  “I tracked him down and followed him to the Lord and Lady Winthrope’s townhome.”
	George scowled.  “Why didn’t you tell me this, Sally?”
	“We already discussed the possibility of your aunt and uncle.  I thought we agreed that they were the most likely culprits.  I have tried to see if Lady Winthrope would take tea with me, but I haven’t had a response from her.”
	“How do you plan on making them stop?”  Sam asked her.
	“There is a dinner party in a few weeks that we have been invited too.  I was able to sneak a peek at the guest list.  Lord and Lady Winthrope are on the guest list.”  Sally answered.  Holly excused herself to check on their customers.  “Would you care to escort Mrs. Clark?”  She asked George.  Before he could answer her, Holly poked her head back in the room.
	“That bloke from the other night is in here, Sally.  He’s bragging about more money.”  Holly said.
	“I’ll go see him.”  Sam said.  “I know he’ll recognize Sally.”  
	George and Sally followed Sam out of the room.  They took a table in the back corner where they could watch everyone coming and going.  Sally ordered them a couple of pints, so they didn’t look suspicious.  Sally caught Holly’s eye and the barmaid nodded.  Jack sat at the bar bragging loudly of his good fortune.
	“I’m going to kill him.”  George breathed.  Sally placed her hand on his.

	“Let’s wait for him to do something stupid first.  He wouldn’t be talking like that if he didn’t have a few of his mates watching out for trouble.”
Sam approached Jack and gave the man a big smile.  The two conversed for several minutes.  Sam smiled and slapped him on the back.  “Next rounds on me.”  Jack shouted.  The tavern broke out into thunderous cheers and applause.  
	George looked at Sally.  “What do we do?” He asked her.
	“Enjoy our free drink.”  She replied with a sly smile.
	“Sally, I’m serious.  I’m tired of waiting for something to happen.  I can’t live like this anymore.”
“Serious?  You tell me you’re serious when earlier you were trying to get me to take my pants off for you.”  She rolled her eyes as she pulled her hand away from his.  George grabbed her hand and squeezed it.
	“Sally, you have been the only bright spot in my life these past few weeks.”  George pulled her hand closer to him, Sally’s mouth opened but no words came out.  Two large mugs of ale were slammed on the table in front of them.  Foam from the ale sloshed over the sides.
“I’m not interuptin’ somethin’, am I?” Sam questioned them.  George and Sally look up at a frowning Sam.  Sally pulled her hand away from George.
	“No, Sam.  George wanted to start a fight with Jack, but I told him it wasn’t wise.”  Sally replied.  
Sam pulled out a chair from their table and turned it around to sit down in the chair backward.  “No, it’s not wise.  Jake has his people outside waiting for him.  I’m sure that there is one or two inside as well.”  
	“He seems in a chatty mood.”  Sally responded.  “I wonder if he’ll talk with an old friend over a few drinks.”  She stood up with her drink in hand.  Before anyone could stop her Sally was crossing the tavern to meet Jack.
	George jumped out of his seat to follow her.  Sam stood up and placed a large hand in the middle of George’s chest.  “She’s better than that.” Sam scowled.
	“I know.”  George replied.  “She’s is wonderful, and I couldn’t have gotten this far without her help.  I won’t let anything bad happen to her.” 
Sam glared at George then gave him a reluctant nod letting the gentleman go.  George watched as Sally sauntered up to the bar and sat next to Jack.  He stepped close enough to hear them.
“’ Ello, Jackie.  Seems you came into quiet a large sum of money.”  She smiled at Holly as the barmaid busied herself behind the counter.

“What’s your game, Miss Spade?”  Jack ask her.  “You disappear and show up again in my territory rescuing a gentleman.  You have a new boss now?”
“Sally doesn’t work for me.”  George replied taking a seat on the other side of Jack.
“What do you want.”  The thief grunted.
“I want to know why you are blackmailing my family.” George said.  He followed Sally’s lead, keeping his voice calm and watching Holly. The barmaid seemed to be surveying the situation for any trouble.
“I ain’t blackmailing no one.  I’m collecting my debt.”
“I don’t owe you a damn thing!”  George’s raised his voice earning a warning glance from Sally.
“Never said you did.”  Jack’s voice was calm and even as he took a sip of his drink.
“You’re doing someone else’s dirty work?  Jack, that’s beneath you.”  Sally chided.  Jack slammed his drink down on the table, spilling the amber liquid everywhere.  Holly rushed over to refill his drink.  Sally smiled at his reaction.
“It ain’t ‘im I’m after.” Jack growled.  “And I ain’t doin’ no lord’s dirty work.”
“Then who, Jack?”  Sally questioned.  “Who’s sending out these letters?”
Jack scowled, reluctant to give any information.  “Fine, you want to know?  Lord Winthrope owes me a lot of money and he only has a few more weeks left to pay me.  He sent out the letters with instructions to have all money delivered to me.”
George frowned, gripping his mug tighter.  Sally watched George carefully.  “Who paid you tonight, Jack?  I know it wasn’t him.”  She indicated to George.
Jack shrugged her shoulders.  “Some pretty thing, don’t know her name. Tall woman, too thin for my likes.  She came to the club, dropped her coin purse, and begged me to stop.  Almost broke my heart to see the lady weep like that.”
George was growling.  “Thanks for the drink, Jack.”  Sally placed her drink back on the bar and hopped from her seat.  She walked behind George and grabbed his arm.  “And I wouldn’t count on any more of that money from Lord Winthrope coming through.”  George stayed. Sally, yanked again on his arm.  “Let’s go, now.” She hissed.
“I can’t believe she paid him.”  George growled.
“Let’s go, George.” Sally urged.  She pulled him out to the street as George cursed under his breath.
“We were supposed to ignore them, we all agreed.”

Sally swung herself around and slapped George across the face.  His right cheek stung.  “Get yourself together.”  Her voice slow and steady.  “Just come along and we will speak to Lady Prescott together.”  
George rubbed the imprint of her hand.  He stared at her, not able to say a word.  George nodded and let her lead him.  She led him through allies and side streets in silence until they arrived at Lord Prescott’s home.  Sally threw the door open and stormed into James’ study, still holding George’s hand in her own.  James looked up from his work and stared at them with an angry glare.
“She’s paid him.” Sally spat the words from her mouth.  James opened his mouth.  “Your wife has been paying the blackmailer.”
James pushed himself out of his seat.  “Christine!” He bellowed.  His wife stepped calmly into his study.
“There’s no need to shout, James.  I was right across the hall.”  Christine glanced at her cousin, husband, and Sally.  The smile faded from her lips.
“I told you I would protect you and Freddy.”  James yelled pounding the desktop with his fist.  “Why, why would continue to pay the man who was blackmailing you?”  
Christine trembled with fear.  “The letters kept coming.” She cried, tears rolling down her chin.  “He promised that the letters would stop.”
“No, they wouldn’t.” James replied.  “People who do that don’t stop once you pay them.”
“But,” 
“It’s your father, Christine.  The man you delivered the money to, wasn’t the person blackmailing you.”  George hissed.  “Your father owes that man money.  And you were the only one paying that scoundrel’s debt.”
Christine looked from face to face.  “I don’t understand.  How is this my father?”  She questioned.
“Lord Winthrope owes Jack money, it’s probably a gambling debt.”  Sally replied.
“Probably?”  George snorted.  “Defiantly.”  Sally elbowed him in the ribs.  George jumped and rubbed his side.
“Jack said your father is running out of time to pay back his debt.”  Sally continued.
“What happens if my father doesn’t pay him back in time?”
“I didn’t ask.” Sally said.
“Do you care?”  George asked.  Christine gasped.

“For once I agree with your idiot cousin.”  James barked.  Christine frowned at him.  “After everything you told me about your parents, after all he’s done now.  Do you care what happens to him?  You ran from their home for a reason, Christine.”
“I was tired of being protected.”  Christine replied.  “I thought I could take care of this on my own.”  She sniffed.
“You saw what they did to me when I tried to take care of this on my own.”  George said.  
“I need to have a word in private with my wife.  Please excuse us.”  James growled.  
Christine’s lips tightened in a firm line as Sally and George walked past her.  Sally shut the door behind her.  George listened at the door.
“He won’t hurt her if that is what you’re worried about.”  Sally said.  George looked up at her.  “James loves her.”  Sally walked toward the stairs.
“Where are you going?”  He asked her.
“My room, I need to remove these bindings.”  She replied.  
“Hang on,” He said chasing after her, quickly catching up to her on the steps.  Sally didn’t slow her stride and continued up to her room. 
“What, George?  What do you want?”  She walked into her room.  George entered and shut the door behind him.
“Sally, you’ve punched me in the ribs.”
“I pushed you.” She replied as she lifted her shirt.
“You’ve slapped my face.”
“You deserve worse.” Sally began to unwind the bindings.
“There is a clear imprint of your hand on my cheek.”
“You are overreacting.” Sally huffed as she tugged at the last of her bindings.
“You tied me to my bed and tortured me.”  George smiled as Sally’s hands dropped to her side.  She turned around to face him.
“You stole my knickers.” She hissed.  “And you enjoyed it.”  
George pulled Sally into his arms, lifting her off the floor to make her eye level. Her arms wrapping around his neck.  “I have half a mind to return the favor.”  He kissed her neck, running his tongue down to her shoulder.
	“You wouldn’t dare.” 

	“I dare to do many things since I’ve met you, Miss Spade.”  George carried her over to her bed, gently laying her down.
	“Like taking advantage of an innocent girl?” She questioned, a smile was on her lips.
	“You were never innocent.  Inexperienced, yes, but my lovely Sally was never an innocent girl.”  He kissed her deeply, she moaned as he pressed his body into hers.  “Admit it, you wanted my attention from the moment we met.” He whispered in her ear.
	“Yes.” She whispered back.  
	“You want me now.”  George ran his hands down the side of her body, kissing her between her cleavage and planting kisses on her stomach right above her trousers.
	“Yes, I want you now.  George, I need you.”  She cried out.  “I need you.”
	“I will give you everything.” He whispered as he tugged her trousers past her hips.  George finished undressing Sally.  
Kneeling above her, George admired her naked body.  Her golden locks fanned out over the pillow; she rested one hand above her head and placed the other on his thigh.
“What are you doing, Lord Southerton?” She giggled.
“Admiring a beautiful lady.” He replied running a thumb across her nipple.
“You once called me a vile base thing, Lord Southerton.  That’s not exactly a beautiful lady.” Her brow.
“I’m sorry, my lovely.” He reached down, pulling Sally into his arms.  “I was cruel to you and I was lying to myself.  Can you forgive me?”  George ran his hand through her hair, pulling her head back.
“Make love to me, Georgie.” 
George kissed her, thrusting his tongue into her mouth.  Gently he pushed her back onto the bed.  Sally wrapped her legs around his waist, moaning as he slid inside her.  George wanted to draw out their lovemaking, but her body felt like bliss.  He felt her pulse around him as she arched her back and softly called out his name.  
	“Sally, my sweet Sally.”  His mouth claimed hers, nibbling her lip, tasting her.  Her arms around his back as she drug her nails across his skin.  She clenched around him moaning and he joined her in bliss.
“We shouldn’t have done this here.” She smiled, almost laughing softly.  “Lord Prescott will be angry.”

“I don’t give a damn about Lord Prescott.” He kissed the corner of her mouth.  “I need you, Sally.”
“I see that.” She replied softly.
“No, that’s not exactly what I mean.”  He rolled to the side, pulling her into his arm.  
“What do you mean, then?” She settled herself against him as George kissed the top of her head.
“I don’t want things to end, Sally.”
“We’ve already discussed this.” She sighed.
“Sally, I want you to stay with me.”
“I’ve already told you no.” She lay her face on his chest.
“But you won’t tell me why.” He caressed her arm.
“I won’t be a kept woman.” 
“But I’m….”
	“I will not belong to you.”  Her voice rose as she sat up.  George pushed himself up.
“Sally, it’s not like that.”  He replied.
“Then what is it like, George.” She started to yell.  “You give me a little house somewhere while I sit and wait for you to come to me whenever you feel like it.”
“No, I didn’t say that.”
“No, the last time you wanted to hide me in your chamber, so no one would know about me.  Is that what you want? Your dirty little secret that will never see the light of day.”  Sally jumped out of the bed and grabbed her dressing gown, wrapping it tightly around her.  
“My love, you can come and go as you please.  I don’t want to lock you away.”  He swung his feet out of the bed, stood up, and took a few steps toward her.  Sally backed away.
“Don’t call me that.”  She hissed pointing her finger at him.
“What is wrong?  Sally, I love you.”
“You say that, but you expect me to be the other woman while you take a pretty wife and show her off to society.  I won’t have it.”  She yelled.
“What wife, Sally.  What are you talking about?  I’m not married, and I wasn’t intending too until….”
“Until you find the perfect society girl.  I will not be your mistress.” 

“I don’t want a damn boring empty-headed society girl.”  He shouted back, grabbing his clothing and tugging his trousers on.
“Get out!” She screamed at the top of her lungs.
“Gladly.” He said, his shirt bawled up in his hands as he reached for the door slamming it behind him.
Pulling his shirt over his head, he strode down the hall.  Anabel poked her head out of her chamber.  George stopped and looked at the nervous girl.  “Miss Potter, when she feels like being rational, would you please tell Miss Spade to come to see me?”  Anabel nodded her head and stepped back into her room, leaving the door open a crack.  “Irrational woman.”  George muttered to himself as he walked down the steps.  He stopped in front of Lord Prescot’s office, the door was still closed, soft mummers could be heard.  Putting his hand on the doorknob he quickly withdrew it.  He decided not to intrude upon the couple’s privacy.  As much as he did not care for Lord Prescot, the man did seem genuinely devoted to Christine.  Now George only had to prove to Sally that he loved her, and he was not willing to let her out of his life.



Chapter 11
	Two weeks, it had only been two weeks since Sally had thrown George out of her room.  Anabel had come to her straight away to repeat what George had said.  Sally had laughed it off, she would never be rational when it came to George Southerton.  
Balls, theater invitations, fetes, were all being delivered to the townhome for them to attended.  Anabel begged Sally to accompany her to all the events, but Sally couldn’t bring herself to leave her room.  Christine had escorted the young girl to a few outings, but it seemed that Lady Prescot was becoming ill and was not able to go out that often.  
Finally, an invitation to a dinner party arrived and Anabel begged Sally to take her to it.
“Please, Sally.  I can’t sit here one more night.”  The girl whined.
“I don’t want to go, ask Lady Prescot.” Sally sat on the edge of her bed with one hand on her stomach and the other on her head.  Her stomach was constantly rolling, and her head was pounding.  She was beginning to suspect she had contracted the same illness as Lady Prescot.
“Her ladyship is not sure she will be attending.”  Anabel replied.
“How much longer will she be sick?” Sally groaned.  
“A while longer I suppose.” Anabel grinned and stifled a laugh.
Sally looked up an Anabel.  “What in God’s name does that woman have?  She’s passed her illness to me.” 
Anabel’s eyes widened as she bit her lower lip.  She tilted her head to the side.  “Lady Prescot is not contagious.”  The girl snickered.
Sally’s eyes narrowed.  “Fine, I’ll take you.  But if Lord Southerton is there…”
“He won’t be.” Anabel interrupted.
“How do you know?” Sally asked.
“George rarely leaves the house.” Anabel smiled again.
“You’re on a first-name basis with Lord Southerton?  He said he didn’t want a society girl.”  Sally frowned and looked away from her friend.  Her face reddened at the thought of Anabel and George together.
“I think of George as more like a brother.  I check on him every day when I help Eddie with William.  Besides, he says I’m too chatty.  Are you going to go see him?”
“No.”  Sally replied.  “I’m exhausted, Anabel.  If we are going out tonight, I will need to get some rest.”

“Alright.”  Anabel replied, and she left Sally alone in her room.
Anabel walked down the stairs and out of the home.  Her paced quickened once she was outside.  Rushing down the street, Anabel didn’t stop until she reached the Southerton home.  The girl flung open the front door without knocking.  Mrs. Donovan was in the hallway.
“Miss Potter, did you forget your manners this morning?”  The housekeeper scolded.
“No, ma’am.” Anabel smiled as Mrs. Donovan.  “I have important news for Lord Southerton.”  She clasped her hands together and giggled.
Mrs. Donovan pointed to George’s office and sighed.  “Down the hall, Miss Potter.”
Anabel waived as she sprinted to the closed door, throwing it open. Her hands rested on the doorframe.  George looked up in surprise.  “I have news.”  The girl squealed, shutting the door behind her.
Mrs. Donovan stood outside the door.  Eddie slid up beside her.  “What is all the fuss?” Eddie asked.
“Miss Potter has news for Lord Southerton.” Mrs. Donovan stated.
“Well, I hope it’s good news.  He’s been a grumpy pain in the ass.”  Eddie folded her arms across her chest.  
“Judging by Miss Potter’s exuberance, I would guess it is good.”  
George’s door opened, his hand on the knob, and his other arm wrapped around Anabel’s
shoulder.  “And you’re sure she is?”  George asked the girl as she nodded her head.
“And she has no idea.” Anabel giggled. 
George looked at the ladies waiting for him in the hall.  He faced Anabel, placing his other arm on her shoulder.  He turned her to face him.  “And you will keep this quiet.  Just in case we are wrong.”
	“But we’re not.” Anabel protested, pouting slightly.
	“We can’t have her upset with either of us.”  He smiled at her.  Anabel nodded in agreement.  “Remember, this is just between us.  Do not tell anyone.”  Anabel sucked her lip into her mouth and made a motion of locking her lips shut with a pretend key.  “Good girl.”  He replied.  “Now go back to my cousin’s home and keep an eye on things so you can keep me updated.  I’ll see you tonight.”
	Anabel squealed a high-pitched “Excuse me” as she ran between Eddie and Mrs. Donovan.
	“Care to share the news with the two of us?” Eddie smiled at George.  “We can keep a secret too.” 

	“Not right now, Miss White.  Excuse me, ladies, I have something that needs my attention.”  George replied as he withdrew back into his office with a large smile on his face.
	“It must be about his Sally.”  Eddie turned around to head back to the nursery.
	“What else would have him smiling like an idiot.”  Mrs. Donovan replied.
	“Care to wager what it’s about?” Eddie smiled.
	“No, Miss White.  I do not condone gambling.  But if I had to guess, I believe that we shall be having a new addition to our household.”  Mrs. Donovan walked away from Eddie doing her best not to smile.
	Sally spent her day in bed, refusing all food.  Everything made her ill.  Later in the afternoon, Christine came up to Sally’s room with a teacup in her hand.
	“Still not feeling well, Sally?” Christine asked.  Sally groaned, nodding her head.  “Here,” Christine handed Sally the cup.  “This always helped ease my stomach pains.”  Christine smiled.
	Sally accepted the cup.  “You’re feeling better.”  She mumbled to her drink.  Sally cautiously took a few sips of the hot brew, expecting something bitter.  Instead, she was greeted with a sweet peppermint tea.
	“It comes and goes.” Christine smiled.  “I might even join you and Anabel this evening.”  She reached out and patted the top of Sally’s head.  “Don’t let it set too long.  It is better hot.  Should I send someone in to help you dress?”
	“Yes, please.”  Sally replied taking another sip.
	Christine stepped into the hall where Anabel and George waited.
	“Well?” Anabel asked.  Christine placed her finger to her lips and motioned for them to follow her to her chamber.  No bed was left, only her wardrobe and desk.  Christine kept the room as an office.  George sat nervously on the edge of a chair. His hands folded in his lap while his fingers twitched.  
	“I think you’re right, Anabel.”  Christine replied.  Anabel smirked at George and George folded his arms across his chest. Christine frowned at Anabel. “We should still keep things quiet. George, what are your plans?”
	“I’ll try to talk with her tonight.  She’s been avoiding me.”  
	“Don’t startle her off again.”  Anabel scolded.  
	“Alright.” Christine scolded them both.  “George, do your best to stay out of her sight tonight.  Anabel, keep holding your tongue.” 

Anabel nodded and followed George out. She wrapped her arm around his, swinging it as she walked by his side.  “I’m glad we have become friends, George.”
“Miss Potter, you and Miss Spade have completely turned my world upside down.” He grumbled.  Anabel’s smile began to fade.  George chuckled.  “And I wouldn’t have it any other way.”   He leaned over and kissed the top of Anabel’s head.  Disengaging himself from Anabel’s arm, George placed his hand on the doorknob of the front door.  “Good afternoon, Miss Potter.” He smiled as he was leaving.
Sally sat on her bed slowly drinking the tea Christine had brought her.  Taking a deep breath, Sally thought she heard George’s voice outside her door.  She shook her head; she was hearing the man’s voice everywhere.  Determined to prove herself wrong, Sally walked to her door throwing it open.  She heard George and Anabel’s voice as the pair headed downstairs.  Anabel’s arm wrapped around George’s.  The two of them looking like a comfortable couple.  He had found his society girl, just like she said he would.  Sally watched the pair say their goodbyes and then George leaned down, kissing the top of Anabel’s head.  Something inside Sally shattered.  George was professing his love for her days before and now he kisses her friend.  They both betrayed her.  The old Sally would have chased after him, fought with him, hurt him.  This thing that she was now felt foreign.  She was weak, sick, and useless.  Hot tears streamed down her face; she gasped for breath as her chest heaved.  Hard waves of nausea rolled through her stomach as she fought to keep everything inside.  
Sally turned on her heels and ran back to her room, slamming the door behind her.  She would attend the dinner tonight and then she would pack up everything and leave.  She paced the room as her thoughts whirled around her head.  She couldn't watch her friend and her former lover become engaged and marry.  London society made her ill, she understood now what Amelia had told her.  Everyone was fake smiles and scheming.  Even her closest friend.  She had two choices, go back to Philadelphia, and live with Mr. and Mrs. Deacon.  Or she could move to a quiet house in the countryside.  She wouldn’t have to leave her country and she had plenty of money to spend the rest of her life in comfortable obscurity.  Her mind made up, Sally began packing her belongings.  She would leave tonight after they returned from their dinner.




Chapter 12
	George sat in the parlor with other gentlemen as they waited for dinner to be announced.  He had asked a servant to let him know when Mrs. Clark arrived.  The young man that George pressed with his task wound his way around the room arriving at George’s side.
	“The lady in question has arrived, Sir.”  The young man spoke in soft tones.
	“Good, tell her that Mr. Robert Deacon is here and waiting for her in the library.”  George pulled out a few coins and handed them to the young man.  “Let her know that it is important we speak now.”  The young servant ran off and George got up and walked to the library.
	Sally smiled as her heart ached in her chest.  Her stomach still turning, she barely spoke to Anabel or Christine.  James had even accompanied the ladies. He questioned her a few times, but Sally assured him that she was fine.  A young servant approached her once she was away from her group.
	“Excuses me, Ma’am.”  He bowed in front of her.  Sally smiled at the boy.  “Mr. Robert Deacon is here waiting for you in the library.”
	“Mr. Deacon?”  Sally’s eyebrows drew together in confusion.  “Are you sure he is here?”
	“Yes, Ma’am.  He said it was important he speaks to you now.”  The young man directed her down the hall to the library.
	Sally found her way to the library.  She peeked around to see if anyone would notice her walking in.  Cautiously she opened the door, careful to close it quietly behind her.  No fires were lit; no lights showed.  Sally moved away from the door, careful not to bump into anything.
	“Mr. Deacon?”  She whispered as she waited for her eyes to adjust to the darkness.  “I can’t see anything.”  She heard the lock on the door click softly behind her.
	“Good.”  George said grabbing Sally, pulling her into him.  His mouth finding hers in the darkness, his hands running up and down the delicate curves her body.  “Sally, I’ve missed you.”  He murmured in her ear.  “Don’t leave me like that again.”
	Sally placed her hands on his shoulders, shoving him away.  “Don’t you dare speak to me, Lord Southerton.”
	“Sally, I thought by now you would be willing to listen to me.  I know you need me.”
	“I do not.”  She hissed giving him another shove.  “Where would you get an idea like that.”
	“I love you Sally, and I want to spend my life with you.” George reached for her hand, Sally pulled away.

	“Don’t you speak lies to me!” She cried.  “I saw you with Anabel today.  What are you planning, George?  Marry the sweet society miss and have you’re dirty little Sally behind closed doors.  I already told you I won’t have it.”
	“You think I want to marry Anabel?  She’s a child.  I don’t even think of her the same way I think of you.”
	“You don’t need to lust after your bride.  She needs to be respectable, and that is what Anabel is.”
	“Sally you’re not listening to me.  It’s you I want.”
	“That’s right, I’m not listening to you.  And I refuse.”  Sally pushed her way past him, unlocking the door.  “Goodbye, George.  I won’t be your Sally anymore.”  She said as she walked away from him.  “Stupid man, stupid stupid man.”  She muttered.
	“Mrs. Clark.” A woman called Sally.  
She turned to see a pretty dark-haired maid calling to her.  The woman was standing in a darkened alcove and was waiving at Sally to come over to her.  Sally walked over to the woman.
“Hello, Miss Spade.”  Jack stepped out from behind the maid.  “Don’t you look fancy.” He smiled showing off his rotten teeth.  
Sally tried to back away, but her corset and skirts hampered her movements.  Jack grabbed her, pulling her in.  Before she could scream, a dirty rage was shoved over her mouth.  Sally inhaled a mouthful of chloroform and the room around her spun.
“I told you this would be easy.” Sally heard the woman say to Jack.
George sat down to supper and stared at Sally’s empty spot frowning.  ‘Silly woman.’ He thought.  ‘She must be pouting somewhere.’ But the more he thought on it the more he realized that Sally was not the type of woman to pout.  He looked up to see Christine and Anabel exchange nervous glances as they looked over Sally’s empty seat.  Even Lord Prescott seemed surprised by Sally’s absence.  If they didn’t know where Sally was, there was cause for concern.  
The servant he had enlisted to deliver a message to Sally quietly walked up to George, coughing softly to catch George’s attention.  
	“I was asked to deliver this to you, my lord.”  The servant passed the note to George.  The young man had a worried look on his face.
	‘I have your Sweet Sally.  Bring plenty of money to your uncle’s home to get her back.’

	“Do you know who gave this to you this?” George asked.  His hands trembled causing the paper to shake and words to blur.  He looked over at his cousin’s party.  Christine was watching the interaction between George and the servant.
	“It was a man and a woman.  The man had rotten teeth.  The woman was dressed like one of our maids, but I’ve never seen her before.”
	“Jack.” George whispered.  The young servant looked confused.  George pressed another coin in the servant’s hand.  “Thank you.”  George said as he rose from the dinner table.  Christine was still watching him.  George tilted his head to the side, Christine placed her hand on her husband’s arm as she whispered to Anabel.  The three followed George out of the home.
	“What happened?”  Christine asked.
	“Your father.”  George growled through clenched teeth.  “He had Sally kidnaped.  I knew this wouldn’t stop.”  He paced on the sidewalk.  “I told her we needed to do something drastic to make this stop.  Now she’s in trouble.”
	“Sally will be fine.”  James replied.  Christine shook her head no and whispered in her husband’s ear. “Oh.” He replied to his wife.  He scowled at George.
	“I need your help.”  George said to James.  “Please, I can’t, I won’t.”  His chest heaved as he spoke.  George took a breath, forcing the air out his lungs slowly.  “I would die if something happened to her.”
	“We will do everything we can.”  Anabel smiled.
	“You will make sure my wife gets home safely.” James growled at the girl.  Anabel stepped closer to Christine.
	“James, let me face my father.”
	“Do not argue with me, Christine.”  His voice harsh.  Christine opened her mouth to argue, James stepped closer to her.  He placed his hand on the back of her neck and kissed her lightly on the forehead.  “I won’t see you get hurt either.  Go home with Miss Potter.”
	James walked with George to Lord Southerton’s carriage.  “You will make this right, Southerton.”  He growled.
	“That has been my plan all along.”
Christine stood on the pavement with her arm linked through Anabel’s.  Her eyes locked on her husband and cousin as they climbed into George’s carriage.
	“Are we going home?”

	“Miss Potter, I thought you knew me better than that?”  Christine smiled at Anabel as her carriage pulled up to them.  The footman jumped down to help the ladies in.  Christine gave the man the address of her father’s home.  “And see if you can take us to the back of the home.”  The man nodded to Christine as he helped her in.
 	Christine and Anabel arrived at the Winthrope townhome shortly after George and James.
	“Are you sure you want to go inside?” Anabel asked.
	“Miss Potter, I fear that if I do not put a stop to this personally, my father will continue to hurt our family.  I will not stand by and let that happen.”  
	Anabel nodded and let Christine lead the way through the kitchen.  There were no lights anywhere inside.  Christine fumbled around in the dark moving toward the countertops and kitchen drawers.  She knew there had to be candles and matches somewhere in the room.  Finding what she was looking for, Christine produced two small candles and a box of matches.  She lit one candle and handed it to Anabel. Glancing around quickly, Christine wrinkled her nose.  Used crockery littered the countertops and table.  When she looked closer at the table, Christine was sure she could sign her name in the dust.  Mrs. Hunter had told her how bad her childhood home had become, but it hadn’t prepared her for the mess in front of her.  The smell of something rotting wafted from the cellar below.  She turned toward Anabel waiting for the young girl to ask questions; Miss Potter smiled politely. Christine headed for the stairs and Anabel followed.
	“Be careful on the stairs.  There is a broken step here somewhere.”  Christine said leading Anabel up a crumbling staircase that was once used by servants.  Judging by the amount of filth littering the kitchen and dust in the stairwell, there probably weren’t any servants left.  Christine held out a hand and Anabel took it, following Lady Prescott closely.  Close to the second landing, Christine paused.  Holding her breath, Christine could hear the voice of her father whispering with a woman.  She did not recognize the woman’s voice.  The ladies stayed hidden on the steps.
	George and James had arrived at the home a few minutes before Christine and Anabel.  The men had barged in the front door, running up the steps.
	“Where is she?” George shouted.  “What have you done with my…”  George stopped.  The maid standing next to his uncle sneered at him.  She had dark curly hair, very similar to his son’s.  “Molly?  They told me you died.”  He questioned.  The woman began to laugh.
	“You don’t remember me, do you?”  She laughed.  “No, you wouldn’t have even noticed me.  I’m Jane.  Your late wife’s sister.”

	“You sent your nephew to a workhouse?  I would have cared for him.”  George glared at the woman.
	“That brat was not my problem.  And you took such great care of him before Molly died.”
	“I didn’t know about him.  If Molly would have told me…”
	“You would have what?  Taken her in after you threw her away?  Given her more money?”
	“I didn’t throw Molly away.  My father told me she left.”
	“She left because your father told her if she didn’t leave our mother would have been turned out.  She left to save us.  And your father let my mother go anyway.”
	“I didn’t know.”  George growled.
	“Now you do.”  The girl laughed.
	“Give me back Mrs. Clark.”
	“Who?  Oh, you mean that dirty little pickpocket turned wealthy widow?  How did Mrs. Clark manage that one?  I’d love to try that trick myself.”
	“Uncle Charles shut that woman up.”  George shouted.  Charles shook in front of them.  
	James lunged forward, grabbing Charles by the collar hoisting the man to his feet.
	“You, spineless idiot. Where is the girl?”  James shook Charles.  The thin man clutched at James’ hands.
	“She’s safe,”  Charles grunted.  “She’s in the other room.”
	Christine perched on the top step with Anabel close behind her.  She could see the outline of her father dangling from her husband’s grasp; Christine could see that her father was pointing to her old bedchamber.  She rubbed her abdomen and stepped slightly out of her hiding spot.  James turned his head and made eye contact with his wife.  James moved, blocking her father’s view of the door.
	“Is she alone?”  James shouted.  Christine heard a thud, she could only assume that it was that sound of her father being hit or dropped.
	“No.”  Charles grunted.  “Jack is with her.”
	Christine stopped quickly, Anabel bumped into her.  Christine glared at the girl.
	George couldn’t see what James was looking at in the hallway, but he did see movement.  Jane continued to snigger.  George gave the girl a shove, Jane landed in a rickety wooden chair and squealed.  Quickly, George untied his cravat knelt and grabbed Jane’s wrists yanking her hands behind her.
	“What do you think you’re doin?”  She hollered.  George bound her wrists together behind the chair.

	“From what I’ve heard about Uncle Charles’ perversions, you should be used to this by now.”  George replied as Jane struggled against her bonds.  
Standing up, George walked into the hall.  James followed, dragging Charles along with him.
“Christine.”  Charles smiled as he saw his daughter waiting in the hall.  “I had nothing to do with this.  You must believe me.  Tell your husband.”
“I have nothing to say to you.”  Christine replied.
James glared at Anabel.  “I told you to make sure she got home safe.”  
Anabel stood up straight and squared her shoulders.  “I was told to do whatever Lady Prescott told me to do.”  Anabel shrugged.  James growled in response.
George stormed into the room; Jack was sitting in a chair facing the door.  He held Sally on his lap, her hands bound behind her back and her mouth was gagged with a dirty rag.  Jack had a pistol in hand, the other hand clutched at Sally’s hair yanking her head back.  George saw the tears in her eyes and knew Jack was hurting her.
“I hope you gents brought your money.”  Jack grinned at them.
“Let her go.” George said.  His voice low.  
Jack laughed and yanked harder on Sally’s hair.  She shut her eyes and winced.  “You want this thing?”  Jack shook her head with his hand.  “She’s nothin’ but a pick-pocket and a whore.”
“Do not call her that.”  George stepped closer.  “Do not ever call her that.”  He shouted at Jack.
“Easy now.”  Jack turned the pistol on Sally, cocking it and pointing it at her head.  “I don’t have a problem blowing her pretty brains out.  Just give me my money and I’ll go away.”
“And you’ll kill her if we don’t pay you.”  James said.
“Yes her, then him.”  He waved the gun at Charles before pointing it back at Sally.
“For God’s sake, just pay the man so he can leave.”  Charles sniveled.
“What about you, pretty one?”  Jack addressed Christine.  “You came to me, begging me to stop
with the letters.  You’ll pay, or I’ll kill your father.”  Charles looked at his daughter.
	“He can hang.”  Christine replied.  “We came here for her.”
	“Then we’re all in agreement.  Give me what I want, and you can have your little whore back.”
	“Hand her over.”  George said through clenched teeth.  “Give her to me unharmed before I give you a cent.”
	“That’s not how these things work.”  Jack clicked his tongue and shook his head.  George growled.

	Anabel stepped further into the room, pushing herself between George and James.  She reached into her purse that dangled at her wrist pulling out a few banknotes flashing them to Jack.  “We do this on three.”  She said as she shoved the notes back into her purse, pulling it off her wrist.  Jack stared at her.  “You count if you like.”  The girl smiled.
	“Alright,”  Jack replied as he stood up, pulling Sally to her feet.  “One.”  He pushed Sally slightly as Anabel raised her purse.  “Two.”  He said with a smile.  Anabel pulled her arm back and she smiled at him.  Jack wrinkled his brown.  “Three.” He shouted as he pushed Sally.  
At the same time, Anabel hurled her purse directly at Jack’s head stunning the man.  He dropped his gun.  Charles scrambled for the pistol, but Christine pushed him out of the way picking it up for herself.  George caught Sally as she stumbled across the room.  He carefully led Sally out into the hall, taking the rag out of her mouth.  Anabel followed and began picking at the rope tied around Sally’s wrists.
“How could you.”  Sally gasped.  Tears streaming down her face.  “The both of you making plans together and then you show up here.”
Anabel stopped what she was doing.  “Together?”  She questioned.
“Sally believes that you and I intend to marry.”  George sighed.
“God no.”  Anabel laughed as she continued to pick at the knot.  “Sorry Georgie, I don’t fancy you that way.”  The last of the knot came loose.  “I’ll wait downstairs.” Anabel said as she headed back to the kitchen.
George wiped the tears away from Sally’s face.  “Sally, I don’t know how many times I have to tell you.  I have no intention of marrying Anabel.  I only want you.  You haven’t been yourself lately.”
“I don’t need you or anyone else telling me what’s wrong with me.  I have caught the same illness as Lady Prescot.”  She tried to push out of his grasp.
“Sally, there is only one way you could have the same illness as Lady Prescott.  My cousin is expecting a child.”  George tucked a loose curl behind her ear.  
Before he could explain any further, they heard the pistol being shot.  Sally jumped, and George pulled her into his arms holding her tight.  A few moments later another shot was heard.  The only screams were the muffled cries of Jane across the hall.  Anabel was sprinting up the steps as George cautiously pushed the door open.  Both Anabel and Sally stood behind him.  James stood next to Christine with his arm wrapped around her.  He held the pistol in his left hand.  The bodies of Lord Winthrope and Jack lay on the floor.  

	“What happened?”  Anabel squeaked.  Christine opened her mouth to speak, her hands shaking.
“Her father fought her for the gun.”  James said.  “I grabbed it away from him and it accidentally went off.”  Christine shook her head.  “Then that one,” James waived the gun at Jack’s body.  “tried to take the gun away from me and I shot him.  Anabel run and find a constable.  Someone needs to make a report about what happened here tonight.” Anabel was running for the front staircase without another word.
“No, James.  You can’t.”  Christine cried out.
He leaned in, kissing his wife.  “I will always protect you. It was an accident and self-defense.  You have nothing to worry about.”
	“What if…”  Christine began.
	“No one would dare do anything to me, Christine.”  Jane’s wailing continued to grow louder.  “Someone shut her up.”  James grumbled.  
They heard a thump coming from the room Jane was tied up in.  George stepped into the hall to check on Jane.  He saw her laying on the floor, she had broken her chair and her bonds had come undone.  	
“What did you do?”  Jane shouted as she stood up.  She ran past George without waiting for him to respond.  Pushing past Christine and James, Jane threw herself on Charles’ body.  “No.” The girl wailed.  “How could you do this to him?”  She shouted at James.
“He was a wicked man.”  Christine responded softly.  “And if you thought he cared for you then you are a fool.”
The sound of the front door opening and closing made them pause.  Footsteps were soon heard on the stairs and Anabel was shouting from the top.
“I found someone.”  Anabel wheezed.  George looked to see Anabel leading a constable to the room they were all crowded into.  “I found two. One of them went back to the station to get an inspector.”  She smiled as she took a deep breath.  
“There is no need for an inspector.  There is nothing to solve.”  James grunted.
“Take him away,”  Jane shouted pointing at Lord Prescott.  “He killed my love in cold blood.”  She cried.
“What happened?”  The constable asked.
“They’re murderers.  All of them.”  Jane cried louder.

“She kidnaped me.” Sally said softly to the constable.  Ignoring Jane, the constable turned his attention to Sally.  “My name is Mrs. Clark.  I was at a party this evening.  And that woman,” Sally pointed to Jane, “With the help of that man,” Sally pointed to Jack’s body, “drugged me and brought me here.”
“She’s a liar.”  Jane howled.
“It’s true.”  George responded.  “Mrs. Clark is telling the truth. We were at a dinner party together when Mrs. Clark disappeared.  I received a note to come here with money for her release.”  George reached into his pocket.  “Here it is.”  George handed the note to the constable.  
The young officer looked over the note.  “I’ll need to take a statement from everyone in the room.”  He said.
“The kitchen is down the back stairs,” Christine said.  “We can start a fire and sit there comfortably.”  
The constable agreed, and Christine led the way.  Each of them gave a statement.  The only one who’s statement did not match was Jane.  An inspector had arrived, and they all went over their stories individually.
After the last round of questions, James crossed his arms over his chest.  “Inspector, it is late, and the ladies should be home.”
“Yes,” The Inspector replied.  “You are right, Lord Prescott.  I have one more question that I need to be answered.”
“Yes, Inspector.  Anything we can help you with.”  James replied.
“Where is Lady Winthrope?”  he asked.
 Christine turned her head and stared at Jane.  “Perhaps Jane could answer that question better than we can.” Jane squirmed in her chair under Christine’s gaze.  Christine did not move as she stared at the maid.  “Go ahead, Jane.  Tell the inspector what happened to my mother.”
“I stabbed her with a kitchen knife.” Jane said.  “She hit me, and I stabbed her.  She bled to death over in the corner.  Charles helped me throw her body down into the cellar.”  Jane pointed to a dark stain in the corner of the kitchen. 
The constable in the kitchen helped Jane to her feet and led her to the front door.  “Alright, the ladies are free to go.”  The inspector said.  “If you gentlemen would kindly follow me the station, I have a few more questions.”

“No.”  Christine said.  “I won’t go home without you.”  She held onto James’ arm.  “I’m coming too.”
“Christine, go home and get some rest.”  He kissed his wife.  “You need to sleep.  George and I will be home before you know it.”  He turned to Anabel.  “Miss Potter, I trust you will follow my directions this time.  Make sure Lady Prescott gets home and goes to bed.”  Anabel nodded her head and linked her arm with Christine.  Lady Prescott reluctantly let go of her husband and followed Anabel out.
“Inspector,” George began.  “Might I escort Mrs. Clark to the carriage?”  The Inspector nodded his head and George walked over to Sally.  She had sat down in the corner by the fireplace watching the fire crackle.  She didn’t move an inch as he approached her.  George held out his hand to Sally.  “Mrs. Clark?”  Sally jumped and stared at his hand.  “Mrs. Clark.  It is time to go home.”  Sally placed her petite hand in his and he helped her up, leading her to the front of the house.  She quietly walked by his side.  A coachman waited to help her in the carriage with the others.  
“Lord Southerton,” The Inspector said.  “It is time to go.”  George nodded his head and went with James and the Inspector.
Christine sobbed the entire carriage ride home.  Anabel held her hand and did her best to comfort the lady.  Sally sat quietly in the corner across from them.  She was still trying to process George’s words to her before the shots were fired.  Christine wasn’t ill, she was expecting a child.   She thought about all her symptoms.  Sally tried to figure out when her last cycle was; she looked out the window and shook her head at her reflection.  
Their carriage stopped at their townhome and Sally exited the carriage without speaking to anyone.  Sally quietly walked into the home.  Eddie was awake in the sitting room.
“You three are late.  Where is my beastly stepson?”  Eddie asked.  
“Eddie,” Sally stood in front of Eddie.  “How did you know you were expecting?”
“Well, I was late of course.”  She said tapping her chin.  “Then there was the horrible morning sickness.  I was retching all day long.  I could hardly eat a thing for months.  I wonder why it’s called morning sickness when you’re sick all day?”
Sally pushed passed Eddie and ran up the steps to her room slamming her door shut behind her.  Sitting on her bed, Sally rested her head in her hands. Her plans to escape were ruined and it was all George’s fault.

“Sally.”  Anabel knocked on the door.  “Can I come in, please?”  She didn’t wait for a response as she pushed to door open.  Sally sat still on the bed.  “I know, Sally.  I know what’s happened.”
“Does everyone know but me?”  Sally asked as she stared at the wall.
“Just me.  And George.  And Lady Prescott.” She replied. Sally cringed.  Anabel walked over to Sally, urging her up from the bed.  She carefully pulled the pins from Sally’s hair, pulling the curls down, lightly with her fingers.  “Let’s get you ready for bed.” Anabel suggested softly as she helped Sally out of her gown.  Sally was able to finish undressing herself and Anabel handed Sally her nightgown.  “I’m going to sit with Lady Prescott.  She is distraught.”  Anabel said as she left the room.
Sally sat on the edge of her bed pointing her toes at the floor.  She thought about Lady Prescott sitting in her room waiting for her husband.  She didn’t understand how the pair met and why a gentle lady such as Christine would consent to marry Lord Prescott, but Sally could see the love the pair had for each other.  She rose from her bed and left her room, padding softly down the hall to the room Lord and Lady Prescott shared.  Anabel had left the door open a crack, Sally peaked her head in.  
Christine sat on the bed with her head in her hands sobbing as Anabel tried to comfort her.  Shame knotted in her chest.  Sally had been through much worse than her current situation.  She had enough money to care for herself and a baby.  Watching Christine cry for her husband’s safety made her ache.
“Lord Prescott is a powerful and resourceful man.”  Sally said.  Christine looked up and offered a weak smile to Sally.  “Say his name anywhere and there will be those that quake in their seats.  And those who aren’t afraid of him, haven’t met him yet.”  Sally sat down on the other side of Christine.  
“You should get to sleep, Lady Prescott.  Your husband will be home soon, and he will be upset that you weren’t properly cared for.”
“You should be resting too, Sally.”  Christine replied.
“I’ll be fine.  I can take care of myself.”  Sally smiled.
“George will care for you and the child, Sally.”  Christine said.
“No, I’m not going to be a kept woman.  I’ll be fine on my own.”  Sally said.
“What are you planning to do?”  Christine questioned her.
“Disappear for a bit, have the baby, and find somewhere where we can live comfortably.  I’m sure I can find a place where no one has heard of Mrs. Clark.”
“Sally,” Christine began.

“No,” Sally interrupted.  “I was taking care of myself for a long time.  I don’t want to feel like I owe someone something.  Besides, I can’t stay here.  Too many people know me as a widow.  If I stay what will I look like?  It's best if I leave, I already have it planned.”  She patted Christine’s hand.  “You should lay down and relax some.”  Sally rose from the bed.  “Anabel, help me get Lady Prescott into bed.”
Anabel helped Sally tuck Christine into her bed.
“I don’t want to be alone.”  Christine whispered.  Anabel glanced at her friend.  Sally shrugged as she climbed into the bed next to Christine; Anabel followed suite.  The trio fell promptly to sleep in the oversized bed.

















Chapter 13
“This was not what I was expecting to find when I came home.  But I can’t complain.”  Lord Prescott’s voice boomed from the doorway.  His voice loud enough to wake the three sleeping ladies from his bed.
Anabel was the first out of the bed to allow Christine to run to her husband.  She smiled at the tired earl and ran down the steps spotting Christine’s friend, Matthew, waiting in the foyer.  Anabel stopped and curtsied at the gentleman.
“I heard there was a scuffle last night.”  Matthew smiled at her.
“Yes, Sir.  There was.”  She said as she tried to walk past him.
“And look at you still dressed in your evening finery. Where are you off to in such a rush?”
“It’s Sally, Sir.  She’s leaving, and I need to warn Lord Southerton.  She’s carrying his child.”  Anabel blurted out.  
Matthew placed his hand on Anabel’s shoulder.  “You go warn Lord Southerton.  I’ll see what I can do to stall Mrs. Clark.”  He smiled.
	Anabel ran back to the Southerton townhome.  She frantically knocked on the front door until Mrs. Donovan let her in.
	“Miss Potter, Lord Southerton is not accepting any visitors this morning.” She frowned at Anabel
“I need to see George right away.”  Anabel bounced up and down and the balls of her feet waiting to be let in.
	“Lord Southerton just came home and has gone up to his room.  And he…”
Anabel pushed her way past Mrs. Donovan.  “I’m sorry.”  She shouted as she sprinted up the steps
	“Miss Potter,” Mrs. Donovan shouted back, following Anabel up the steps.  “Miss Potter, you must leave now.”
	Anabel paused at the top of the steps.  “Mrs. Hunter.  I realize that George just came home because Lord Prescott just came home.  They were both taken in for questioning in regards to the death of Lord Winthrope and a man named Jack.  George has to come with me now because Sally is leaving.”
	“Why is that of any importance.  Miss Spade is free to go wherever she likes.”
	“It’s important because she is carrying my child.”  George stood in his doorway still dressed from the night before.

	“We have to stop her, George.” Anabel grabbed George’s hand, pulling him along.  “She’s angry, and she won’t listen to us.”
	“What am I going to do?”  George asked following Anabel.  “I can’t lose her, and I can’t lose another child.”
	“Lord Fullcroft is there now.  He’s trying to stall her.  She said she was ready to leave this morning and I’d believe she’d go.  Sally knows how to disappear.”  The pair left the townhome and ran down the street gaining odd glances from passersby.
	Returning to the Prescott townhome, Anabel and George found Sally and James in a heated argument.  Christine was doing her best to stand between the two.  Mathew was trying to lead Sally away from James.
	“Do not tell me what I can and can’t do.  I will go where I please.”  Sally shouted.
	“Be reasonable, Sally.  It’s not just you anymore.  You cannot take off and run where ever you want to.  If Lord Southerton wishes to care for you, you need to let him.”  James shouted back
	“Can we sit down and speak civilly over breakfast?”  Christine pleaded.
	“Sally,” George said.  Sally and James turned to look at Anabel and George.  “I’m begging you, please stay.  You will not have to worry about anything.”  George dropped to his knees in front of her, clutching the skirt of her nightdress.
	“You have ruined everything, George Southerton.”  Sally hissed between clenched teeth.  “I had plans.  I was going to do things and be someone. I do not need your help and I don’t want to see you again.”  She pulled herself out of his grasp and stormed up the steps.  Everyone stood in stunned silence. James held out his hand and helped George to his feet.
	“For such a small thing, Mrs. Clark is deceptively strong.” Matthew mused allowed.
	“You can’t let her leave.”  George pleaded to James.  
	“I don’t think there is anything I could do to make her stay here.”  James replied softly.  He reached for his wife, pulling Christine close to him burying his face in her hair.
	“Let me talk to her.”  Matthew responded.  
	Without waiting for anyone to say anything, Matthew walked up the steps to Sally’s room knocking gently on the door.  He waited patiently for Sally to come to the door, he heard her feet pad across the floor.  The door opened, and Sally peeked out at him.
	“Mrs. Clark.”  He smiled at her.  Sally’s face was tear-stained.  “I have a business opportunity to discuss with you.  Might I come in?”

	Sally considered Matthew’s request for a moment.  Slowly she opened the door allowing Matthew inside.  She gestured toward the chair in the corner of the room.  “Have a seat.”  She said.  Her voice almost a whisper.  Sally sat on the edge of her bed while she waited for Matthew to begin.
	“Mrs. Clark” He began.  “I am no longer the young man I was when I first met Freddy.”  Sally sat and stared at him, puzzled.  She didn’t say anything in response.  Matthew cleared his throat.  “What I mean to say is that I have already lost the love of my life and I don’t think that I could ever replace Freddy.”
	“I’m sorry, Sir.”  Sally interrupted.  “You said you had a business proposition for me and I’m not feeling well.  Could you make your point quickly, so I could rest before I finish packing?”
	“Yes.”  Matthew continued.  “But if you accept my offer you won’t have to do any packing, at least not today.”  He smiled.  “I am old, and I have never had an heir or been married for that matter.  I am making you the same offer that my Freddy made to Lady Prescott.  Marry me, you will have my name.  We will raise your child like ours.   You will not be embarrassed, and I will have a companion.  You may have affairs, you may carry on with George for all that I care.  Just don’t embarrass me.”
	Sally crossed her arms and contemplated his offer.  “You wish to make me a proper lady?”  she asked.  Matthew nodded his head.  “Everyone will think my baby is yours?”  Again, Matthew nodded.  “Why?”
	“Mrs. Clark, I am lonely.  And I could never replace Freddy.  But you are a delight and I believe that we could amuse each other for some time.”  He responded.
	“Alright,”  Sally replied.  “When will we do this?”  She stood up.
	Matthew glanced at Sally’s belly.  “We mustn’t wait too long.”  He said.  Sally followed his gaze and rubbed her abdomen.  She nodded her head in agreement.  Matthew stood up and walked to Sally, gathering her dainty hand in his.  He kissed the top gently before releasing it. “You should take Christine and Miss Potter to the dressmakers soon.  Have something fine made up for our wedding.”  Matthew left her to sit quietly in her room.
	Everyone was waiting patiently in the parlor for Matthew to return.  George stood up as Matthew entered the room. “Did she agree to stay?”  He asked Matthew immediately.
	“Yes, she did.”  Matthew smiled.  “She’s agreed to be my wife.”  The color drained from George’s face.  Matthew put his arm around George.  “Lord Southerton, we have a lot to plan and very little time to do it.”  He looked at Anabel.  “Miss Potter, you should change and join us for tea.  Bring Mrs. Hunter with you, for propriety.”  
Chapter 14
	Sally sat with the dressmaker the next afternoon.  Christine and Anabel accompanied her.  Sally ran her fingers over the fine fabric while frowning.
	“Lord Fullcroft is a wonderful man.”  Anabel smiled at Sally.
	“I know.”  Sally sighed.  “This wasn’t my plan at all.”  She picked up a bolt of white satin.  “How fast can you make something out of this?” Sally questioned the dressmaker.
	“We are in a bit of a predicament.” Christine clarified.  The dressmaker gave them a knowing smile.
	“We can have it ready in a week.”  The woman smiled at them.  “For a price.”  The woman wrote the cost of the dress on a slip of paper, folded it, and handed it to Sally.  Anabel stood over Sally’s shoulder and read the amount.
	“That is ridiculous.”  Anabel raised her voice.
	“It’s fine Anabel,”  Sally replied.  She ran her finger across the fine fabric remembering her first wedding to Mr. Clark in the cramped office.  She was still wearing her maid’s uniform, her hands shaking as her friend slipped the ring onto her finger. Sally wanted to be wearing something beautiful this time around.  “I will take it.”  Sally smiled at the seamstress.  “Make me look like a princess.”
	“We will do our very best.” The seamstress smiled back
	Sally turned to leave the shop, her smile beginning to fade.  “I believe we are done for the day, ladies.”  She said.
	“Sally are you alright?”  Christine asked.  “You’re not feeling ill again?”
	“I feel fine.”  Sally replied.  Tears began to well in her eyes as she frowned.
	“Your face says otherwise.”  Anabel said.
	“It’s another marriage of convenience.”  Sally said.  “This is not what I came here for.  I didn’t want to be a companion for an old man.”
	“Matthew will treat you well, Sally.”  Christine replied.
	“I know.  And he’s not that old either.  He has been more than kind to me.  He’s laid down all his expectations of me.  He’s even told me I could continue to see George if I wish.  Not that I wish to see Lord Southerton ever again.  But it’s not…” her thoughts trailed off as she wiped her eyes.
	“It’s not what you wanted, is it?” Anabel asked.
	Sally shook her head ‘no’ and then giggled softly.  “Matthew took me to the jeweler yesterday afternoon to have my finger measured.  It was a little old man who exclaimed that my fingers were entirely too delicate to support the weight of any of the gemstones Matthew had picked for me.  Matthew was angry, but I just laughed.”  Sally shrugged her shoulders.  “Matthew will be a good husband to me and he promised to keep me amused if I taught him how to pick locks and pockets.  He said it might be a fun party trick.”  
The ladies continued to Christine’s townhome.  Anabel wrapped her arm around Sally as they walked.  Matthew was waiting for them in the drawing-room.
“Ah, there is my beautiful bride to be.”  He smiled at Sally.  She smiled nervously back, suddenly feeling foolish for her prewedding jitters.  “I have good news.”  He continued.  “It seems that a distant relative of mine also had dainty fingers.  I took her wedding ring to the jeweler and he said he can resize it to fit you.  I hope you don’t mind something second hand.”
“No, not at all.”  She replied, the smile still weak on her face.  “Everything I own now once belonged to Mr. Clark’s first wife.  There was no family to leave it to.”
“Good.” He replied and kissed the top of her forehead.  “You should get some rest.  Miss Potter and Lady Prescott will take care of the rest of the wedding arrangements.”  He turned her around and urged her to go to her room.  Anabel and Christine stayed behind.  They watched Sally ascend the stairs.  “How is she?”  He asked Anabel and Christine.
“Sad.”  Christine answered.
“She still loves him.”  Anabel replied.
“Then things should work out just fine.  Miss Potter, would you care to accompany me to Lord Southerton’s?  I believe he could use some cheering up.”  Matthew held out his arm for her.
“A young lady should have a chaperone.”  Mrs. Hunter sat up from the setae, placing her needlepoint on the table next to her.
“Yes of course.”  Matthew smiled at the elderly woman.  “And what about you, Christine?  Will you be joining us as well?”
Christine smiled and tapped her lip with her index finger.  “Let’s see, Sally is resting.  You, Anabel and Mrs. Hunter are visiting my cousin, Eddie is still occupied with William and Fredrick is with his governess.  I think I will spend the afternoon with my husband.  I’m sure he can think of something to amuse me with.”  Christine blushed as she watched the trio leave.
The day before the wedding and Sally was exhausted.  She was happy that her friends and future husband were taking care of all the arrangements for her, she didn’t think that she had the strength to deal with any of it.  A package had arrived her in the morning.  Attached was a card that read, “Something blue.”  She smiled as she opened the box, a delicate Safire necklace was inside.  She picked it up and admired the dark blue stones in the light.

“That’s lovely.”  Christine said.  “Who’s it from.”
“Matthew.”  Sally smiled.  “He has been very thoughtful.”  
“Have you finished packing?”  Christine asked.
“Yes, I am ready to leave.”  Sally replied.
“Good, we shall be leaving within the hour.  There is an inn we shall be stopping at a short ride from the chappal.  After the ceremony, Matthew will take you to your new home.”
Sally felt her mouth stretch into a thin line.  She nodded her head and left Lady Prescott alone in the sitting room.  Sally wandered about the home and found herself in the library; she began scanning the titles of the books.
“The carriage will be leaving soon.”  James said behind her.  Sally jumped, knocking a book to the floor.  “You must not be feeling well if I can sneak up on you.”  He mused.
“Sorry.”  She muttered reaching for the book.
“Let me get that.”  He bent over, picking the book up for her.  “What are you sorry for?”
“I don’t know.” She shook her head.
“Are you sure you are making the right decision with Matthew?”
“What other choice do I have?”
“I could think of one.”  He smiled.  
“I don’t want to be….”
	“Kept, yes I know.  But he loves you Sally.  Wouldn’t you rather be kept by someone that loves you or married for convenience?”  He asked.  Sally shrugged her shoulders.  “Think about it.  You still have till tomorrow to change your mind.”  James turned to leave.
“Can I ask you a favor?”  Sally asked.
“For the talented Sally Spade, anything.”  He replied.
“Could you give me away?”
“Really?”  He asked.  “You would like me to give you away?”  
“Well, Sam can’t leave the tavern.  And there is not enough time for Robert to get here.”
“Third choice?” He smirked, and Sally smiled at him.  “Yes, Sally Spade.  I would be happy to give you away.”  He held out his arm and Sally took it.  “It’s time to go.”

	Sally did her best to rest in the carriage, but the bumpy motions made her stomach roll.  Once at the inn, she thought she might be able to rest, but sleep was elusive.  Instead, she tossed and turned while she listened to Anabel snore.
	In the morning Anabel and Christine helped her into her new gown, arranging her hair and securing her veil.  The trip to the church was thankfully short.  James waited for Sally at the back of the church.
	“Are you sure this is what you want?”  He asked again as they walked down the aisle.
	“No.”  She replied softly, trying her hardest to see through the material of the veil.  “But I’ve made my choice and I will go with Matthew.
	“Even though you still love George?”
	Sally felt a tear roll down her cheek.  No words would come out of her mouth.  James stopped in front of the alter, answering the pastor’s questions.  Sally could not see Matthew’s face through the thick lace of the veil, only the outline of him.  She felt him grab her hand, something felt different in his touch.  The minister began speaking, Sally couldn’t concentrate on his words.  She felt Matthew’s hands wrap around hers squeezing them gently.  The minister continued, but all Sally heard was James’ voice repeat “Even though you still love George?”
	“Sally,” Anabel hissed.  “It’s your turn to answer.”
	“Yes, I’m sorry, yes, I do.”  Sally had missed the entire moment lost in her thoughts.  Matthew slipped the delicate ring onto her finger, a blue sapphire to match her new necklace.
	“You may now kiss the bride.”  The minister said as Sally’s veil was lifted.
	Sally braced herself for an awkward kiss with Matthew.  She looked up at her new husband’s face and saw George standing in front of her.  His arms closed around her waist as he bent to kiss her, scooping her up till her toes no longer touched the ground.
	“I love you Lady Southerton.”  He whispered in her ear.
	“But, I, what…” George had placed her back on the ground and was holding her hand leading her quickly down the aisle and out of the church.  She stopped moving and pulled back on his hand as they stood in front of his carriage.  A footman was ready at the door.
	“Get inside Sally and I will explain everything.”  George said nudging her along.  She did as she was told and sat down.  George sat down next to her and pulled her into his lap.
	“What happened to Matthew?” She asked.
	“He’s inside, we’ll see him soon with the rest of the guests.”

	“But his ring?” She held up her hand examining the ring that had been placed on her finger.
	“It belonged to my mother.  She was petit like Amelia.”  He caressed her cheek with the back of his hand.  “Matthew told me about all your jewelry belonging to the late Mrs. Clark.  I saw the necklace when I went to pick up your ring.  I hope you like it.”
	“I’m still confused. I thought I was marrying Matthew.”
	“You didn’t hear the minister say my name during the vows?”  He asked.
	“No, I was preoccupied.” She replied.  “How did this happen?”
	“This was all Matthew’s idea.  He and Anabel planned the entire thing.”
	“All of you tricked me.” She frowned.
	“My love, you would not listen to me.  I tried to ask you to marry me.”
	“You did not.”  Sally protested.
	“I tried, but you always interrupted me.”  He pulled her closer, running his thumb across her cheek.  “You are my wife now.”  He whispered as he kissed her.  Sally sighed softly.
	“You can’t hide me away.”  She replied.
	“Yes, I can.”  He said, pulling her close nibbling on her neck.  “I plan on locking you away, so no other man can look at you.  You are all mine.”  His mouth found hers, kissing her with passion and relief.  His tongue flicked across the seam of her lips until her mouth opened.  
	“Georgie, I love you.”  She grabbed a hold of his jacket pulling him closer to her, kissing him.  “I’ve missed you.” She murmured on his lips.  Tears welling up in her eyes as his hands traveled her body.  “I’m so sorry.”  She began to cry.
	George ran a thumb down her cheek, wiping her tears away.  “Don’t cry now, my love.”  He said as he began to rearrange her dress.
	“But...”
	George placed his index finger to her lips.  “It doesn’t matter anymore.  You are my wife.”  He smiled as he rubbed her belly.  “And you are having my baby.”  He laughed.  “You have made me happy again, Sally.”  He kissed his bride.
	“I will never be like any of these fancy ladies here.”  
	“My brother-in-law ran a whore house and my sister was a housekeeper.  I don’t care what you used to be.  As far as anyone knows you were Mrs. Clark, a wealthy widow from Philadelphia.  And now you are Lady Southerton.”
	“What if someone finds out?”

	“I don’t care.  I know who you are and that is all that matters.  Besides, who would dare to snub the close personal friends to Lord and Lady Prescott?”  He smiled tucking a curl behind her ear as he kissed the tip of her nose.
	Anabel stayed behind to wave the happy couple off.  She felt a hand on her elbow.
	“Miss Potter, you must be proud of yourself at how well you pulled this off.”  Mathew said.
	“This wasn’t my plan.  This was your plan.”  She replied.
	“Yes, but without your help and planning, this would not have gone so smoothly.”
	Anabel laced her arm through the crook of his.  “I believe you are giving me too much credit, sir.”  She laughed.  Matthew laughed as well.
	“Have you found a suitable husband yet?”  He asked.
	Anabel’s face fell.  “No.”  She replied as she looked at her shoes.  “And my father is demanding that I return home.  He will not finance any more of my adventures in London.”  She sighed.  “I am afraid that I will have to leave my friends behind.”
	“I believe that I might be able to help.”  Matthew led Anabel away to his coach.
	“You know someone looking for a wife without manners or social graces?”  She snorted.
	“Miss Potter, I meant what I said to Sally.  I am lonely, and I can’t bear to replace Freddy.”
	“What about Lady Prescott?”  She asked.
	“Lady Prescott has a new husband and another baby on the way.  Call me a selfish old man, but I would like to have a companion that could give me more of their time.  And we have gotten along well these past few weeks.  What have we to lose?”
	“Is that a proposal?”
	“Young lady, don’t make an old man get down on one knee.” He laughed.   “I will take you all over the continent.  We will have grand adventures.  Same rules that I offered Sally.  You may have as many lovers as you wish as long as you give me an heir and do not embarrass me.”
	Anabel paused, she held out her hand to shake his.  “Alright, you’ve got a deal.  But we need to marry before my father can interfere.” 
	“What are you doing tomorrow afternoon?”  He asked.
	“I didn’t have anything planned.”
	“Good.”  He replied.  “Now let us join the happy couple.  We can take care of our nuptials tomorrow.”


Epilogue.
	“Sally,” William whined.  “You promised to show us your trick.”  William held the hand of Georgette, his half-sister.  The young girl was three and a half.  She had her father’s brown hair with the hints of red but had the overly large blue eyes of her mother.
	Sally was exhausted.  She glanced down at her rounded belly and ran her hand over her abdomen, noticing her swollen fingers.  Her wedding ring had been taken off many weeks ago.  “Billy, I’ve shown you the trick a dozen times.  And I’ve watched you do the trick yourself.”
	“But it takes me too long.”  The young man whined.  “I’m trying to keep Georgette amused for you.”
	“Georgette would be amused with a handkerchief.”  Sally replied.  “My fingers are too swollen to do the trick properly.”
	“Fine.”  William huffed.  “C’mon Georgie, Eddie brought sweets for Mrs. Donovan yesterday.  I know where they're hidden.”
	“Stay out of Mrs. Donovan’s sweets, young man.”  Sally shouted at the pair.  William picked up his sister and ran off as they giggled together.
	Sally sat back down in her chair in George’s office.  George was taking care of the paperwork from their country estate.  He insisted that she stay by his side.  She ran her hands over her abdomen while the baby kicked her.  “I never did thank you.”  She said.
	“For what?”  He said looking up from his work.
	“You gave me a family to call my own.  A real family.”
	“I told you years ago I would think of something you couldn’t buy yourself.”  He smiled at his wife. Sally didn’t bother to point out that any man could have given her children.  But George loved her, valued her as a person, and sought her input.  That was something not every woman could say.  And because of him, Sally had a sister, cousin, nieces, and nephews.  	
	“Lady Southerton,” Sally perked up at the sound of Mrs. Donovan’s voice.  “A very distraught Lady Fullcroft is waiting for you in the sitting room.”
	“Yes,” Sally said struggling to rise from her chair.  “I heard Lord Fullcroft passed away last year.  I was expecting Anabel here much sooner.”  
Finally managing to rise to her feet.  She followed Mrs. Donovan down to the sitting room. Anabel was draped over their setae bawling hysterically.  Her limp brown hair hung in her face.  The young woman had always appeared well put together since her marriage to Lord Fullcroft.  Looking Anabel over, Sally assumed the young woman slept in her clothing.  Matthew would not have allowed Anabel to leave the house in such a condition.  Anabel picked up her head, dark circles rimmed her puffy eyes.  Sally could see that Anabel had been living in the same dress for days.
“Sally,” Anabel sniffed between sobs.  “I’ve lost everything.” She cried.  A small toddler sat at her feet playing with Anabel’s bootlace.
“Oh, Anabel,”  Sally said patting the young woman’s hand.  “I’m so sorry about Matthew.”
“It’s not just losing Matthew.”  Anabel sobbed.  “His cousin is trying to get the title and fortune.”
“What about your son?” Sally asked gesturing to the boy on the floor.
“He’s adopted.” Anabel cried picking the boy up from the floor.  “It was all done legally, but Matthew’s cousin said that our child isn’t a legitimate heir.
“Oh,” Sally replied. “Let me speak to Christine.  Maybe there is something Lord Prescott….”
“I went to Lord Prescott myself first.”  Anabel took a deep breath wiping her eyes on the sleeve of her blouse.  “There was nothing he could do.  Matthew’s cousin is well within his right to contest our child’s inheritance.  Sally, he’s trying to take the stipend that Matthew set up for me. I will have nothing, no place to live, no food. I don’t know what to do.” 
“Anabel, you and your son are welcome to stay here as long as you like.”  Sally said.  Anabel nodded her head.  “Mrs. Donovan, could you please find a room for Lady Fullcroft and her son.”
Sally watched her friend follow Mrs. Donovan upstairs. She had made a promise to Mr. and Mrs. Potter years ago to make sure Anabel was safe.  She didn’t intend to go back on her word.  George walked into the sitting room his brows drawn together in confusion.
“Was that Anabel I passed in the hall?”  He asked.  
Sally nodded.  “Matthew’s cousin is trying to take the Fullcroft estate, title, and fortune.  She’ll be penniless if he succeeds.”  
“She can stay as long as she would like.” George replied wrapping his arm around his wife.
“I wish there was more I could do for her.  There has to be something we can do to stop Matthew’s cousin.” Sally said as they walked together down the hall.
“All you need to do is rest for now.”  George replied.  Sally nodded her head but continued to stare down the hallway after Anabel.  “I mean it, Sally.”  She turned her head to look up at him, blinking her blue eyes.  “I know that look, and don’t pretend to be innocent with me.  You and the baby come first.  Then you can try to solve Anabel’s problem however you choose.”
“Even if it is a hair-brained scheme?”  Sally asked with a smile.

“I assume if it has anything to do with Anabel, it will be.”  He kissed her forehead and walked with his wife down the hall.


		
