WIDOWER’S AURA
A St. Fleur Novel, Book #1
By: AJ Renee
Widower’s Aura
A St. Fleur Novel, Book 1
By: AJ Renee
AJ Renee on Facebook
AJ Renee on Twitter
AJ Renee on Instagram
AJ Renee on Goodreads
www.AJRenee.com
ajreneeauthor@gmail.com

Copyright 2016 AJ Renee
Edited by Cassie Robertson
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
e-ISBN: 9781310675584
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional and/or are used fictitiously and are solely the product of the author’s imagination. Any similarity to persons living or dead, places, businesses, events, or locales is purely coincidental.
ALSO BY AJ RENEE
ST. FLEUR SERIES:
Widower’s Aura
Always Mine
Duplicity
No Going Back
Taxed by Love
Complications

LOVE IN SCRUBS SERIES:
Joshua
Jason
Wes

BRODERICK COVEN SERIES:
Cursed Love
Cursed Sight
Cursed Whispers
Cursed Touch
Cursed Luck

ALUMBRA PACK SERIES:
Rebel
Bold ~ Coming 2022
Fierce ~ Coming 2022

OTHER TITLES:
Finding Love at the Falls… (Short Story)
Beauty Unmasked
Winter’s Surprise
Unlucky in Love
Not Playing Fair
Seduced by Magic: A Steamy PNR Anthology
A Deadly World: Vampires in Paris
Billionaires Club
Fractured Fairytales Book One
Take Two: A Collection of Second Chance Stories
Table of Contents
Also by AJ Renee
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Also by AJ Renee
Dedication
In memory of Lindsey.
The footprints you left in my life are deep and the sound of your laughter will never fade from my memory.
Prologue
The latest pop song on the radio broadcasted a man begging his lover not to give up on them. As the sun beamed through the windshield, Sofia wondered about what it would be like to love someone that much and hold on with both hands. Of course she’d dated in New Orleans and cared about the few boyfriends she’d had, but had she loved them? Okay, she loved a couple, but she had never been “in love.” She refused to settle, and no matter how much she had tried to be in love with those sweet husband-material guys, it had never been enough. Her heart was never in it with any of them.
Ahead of her, the heat came off the asphalt in waves, creating a mirage. The road, of course, was in desperate need of repair. One of the downsides of living in a poor state was that no matter where you drove, the road was pot-hole-ridden. At least she was almost home. Home. She’s always had a place to lay her head down, but now she wouldn’t have to worry about people at work knowing where she lived. In St. Fleur, she wouldn’t have to watch her rearview mirror to make sure she didn’t bring work home and, in turn, endanger her life.
The steering wheel vibrated in her hand, and her head shot up from the navigation system. “Seriously! What now?”
At least smoke wasn’t rising from the hood. With the turn signal on, she eased the full car onto the unpaved shoulder. Taking a deep breath, she looked up. There stood the “Welcome to St. Fleur” sign, mocking her. Although could she really blame the sign? The last three years had been one sad, depressing joke. Honestly, she was surprised she’d lasted those three years. She had watched enough people come and go to know she was the anomaly.
Taking a breath, she reminded herself that the past was just that—the past. “Right now is only the present.”
Too bad this present seemed to include a flat tire mere miles from her new home. From the car, she grabbed a bottle of water and the jack. She set her mind to fix the flat so she could arrive at her building and unpack. As she unscrewed the last lug nut, she heard the unmistakable sound of a pickup truck. She wasn’t in the mood to deal with some country boy thinking she was a damsel in distress. It was too damn hot and humid, not to mention her stomach was about to eat itself alive. She really should have had a real breakfast and not just a banana on the run.
Focusing on the task at hand, she dragged the tire off, bit by bit. Maybe putting twenties on her car hadn’t been the smartest idea. The crunching of boots on gravel got louder. Oh yay.
“Hi, do you need any help?”
Sofia looked up through the shades of yellow illuminating the aura and was surprised to find not some country boy, but a woman. “Uh, no, I think I’m good. I almost have it off now.”
The brunette was dressed in cowboy boots, cut-off jeans, and a black tank top. Her light brown eyes indicated that she didn’t quite believe Sofia. “Well, I don’t mind helping. If anything, it will get you out of this heat. I’m Lindsey, by the way.”
“Sofia.” Not looking at the woman, she continued with the stubborn tire.
“You new to town? Or visiting someone?”
Lindsey inserted herself without invitation on one side, and Sofia shifted as they lifted the tire up and off. Yup, definitely faster with her help.
“New to town actually.” They carried the tire to the back of the car and set it on the ground. “I bought a building on Main Street.” Sofia opened the trunk and moved things aside to get to the spare. She nodded toward the flat tire on the ground. “Thanks.”
Lindsey slipped her hands in her back pockets. “Oh, the one next to Whiskey’s?”
“Yeah, the pub with the amazing muffulettas.” She rolled the spare over and began putting it and the lug nuts back on.
Lindsey sat on the soft grass next to her and crossed her legs. “Yeah, that’s Jaime Lynn’s specialty. You’d never believe it since it’s never on the specials board. Oh, and you can take the flat to Rocco’s on Decatur. He’ll fix it right up for you.”
“Thanks, I’ll do that after I unpack.” At that moment, Sofia’s stomach let out the loudest growl. She felt her cheeks flush and placed a hand on her stomach.
“Sounds like you’ll need some food first,” Lindsey said with a smirk and giggle that made her look younger. “So where are you moving from? What are you going to do with the building?”
Sofia stopped and studied Lindsey’s face. Sofia had lived in the South long enough to know the difference between a nosy person and a person who was innately curious.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to—”
“No, it’s okay. I lived in New Orleans, and I plan on living in the apartment upstairs and running my business downstairs.” Sofia stood and wiped her hands on her jean shorts. She reached into the car for her purse and removed a business card. She handed it to Lindsey then went to verify that all the lug nuts were snug before she lowered the car.
“‘Orchid Photography, Sofia Brazier, Weddings, Birthdays, Events, Children.’ Wait, Brazier?” Lindsey giggled.
Sofia sighed. “Yeah, I know. I’ve gotten teased all my life.” She took a drink of water and put the cap back on. “My family came from France and settled in the New Orleans area after the Civil War. Or so I’ve been told.” With an inward groan, she pushed those thoughts back.
Lindsey stood and brushed the dirt from her bottom. “Well, it was nice meeting you, Sofia! You can find me at the library in town or my house. It’s the small two-bedroom cottage on James Street by the large white house with a wraparound porch.”
With a smile and a wave, Lindsey walked back to her pickup. Her skin wasn’t quite porcelain white, but she wasn’t exactly tanned either. Shorter than Sofia’s five seven, Lindsey was curvy and had a figure most women envied. Not that Sofia had any issues with her own athletic build. She enjoyed food and in turn found running soothing, not just to stay in shape but to ease her mind. The truck pulled away, and with a honk and wave, Lindsey drove off.
After Sofia hoisted the flat tire into her car, she put her things back in the trunk. She got in her Cadillac CTS, turned her music on, and drove the last few miles home.
Chapter 1
Two years later…

Sofia unlocked the door and stepped inside as she juggled her mug of hot tea and laptop. After placing everything on her desk, she ran back upstairs to her apartment to retrieve her external hard drive. She took one last look around for anything she may have missed and headed back down. She didn’t have any time to spare before her nine o’clock consultation for an engagement shoot.
She opened the blinds and changed the water in the pink roses’ vase on the desk she used for consultations. The shrill sound of her cell phone stopped her mid-step to the drink table. The name flashing on the screen made her smile.
“Hi. Make it quick because I’m running behind and I have an appointment coming in”—after a quick look at her watch, she cursed under her breath—“ten minutes.”
“Well, hello to you too! I just wanted to confirm that we’re meeting up for lunch at Whiskey’s today?” Lindsey asked.
“Damn, I forgot today was Wednesday. This week has been crazy. Can we make it dinner and I’ll buy the drinks?” Sofia fumbled through the tea bags on the drink table and plugged in the electric kettle.
“Hmm…” Lindsey laughed and ended on a sigh. “I suppose… but you’re buying dessert as well. Just don’t let me forget to tell you about the hunky man I just saw outside the house next door this morning. Yum!”
Sofia laughed and set the coffee to brew. “Okay seriously, I gotta go. See you at six.” After hanging up the phone, she grabbed her portfolio and flipped it to the engagement section.
She really should have gone to bed on time last night instead of watching that movie on Lifetime. Now she was running around with her head cut off and would be anxious with this new client. Well, possible new client. She would have thought after starting her business two years ago and making it a success, she’d be less neurotic about it all. Nope. If anything, the idea of it failing after she’d poured every cent into the building and equipment made her palms sweat, heart pound, and bile rise.
Looking around, she made sure the office was presentable. After sitting down at her desk, she brought her tea to her lips, willing herself not to look at the clock. “Breathe in. Breath out.”
Pride bubbled up as she looked around at her work framed on the walls. The walls were painted a beautiful deep red, and black frames showed off her favorite pieces. Near the entrance, a couple stood in a green field scattered with wild flowers, looking into each other’s eyes. Over the refreshment table, a toothless grinning baby girl dressed in a pink tutu sat in the studio Sofia had set up in the back room. A black-and-white picture featured a woman on her seventy-fifth birthday. Beautiful laugh wrinkles around her eyes and mouth showcased the beauty of life and aging: marriage, kids, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Sofia hoped one day to look like the sweet great-grandmother. That hung to the right of the little girl.
Behind the consultation desk was Sofia’s favorite picture—a bride with her head tilted back as she laughed, her veil blowing in the wind. Had Sofia tried to capture that exact moment, she would have failed. She often found herself daydreaming of being that happy blushing bride. It was from her first shoot, and she remembered feeling honored to capture the couple’s special day. She had been elated with the pictures she captured on that late day in May, and that was when she quit questioning her decision to move away from New Orleans and start her own photography business. The couple had been so pleased with her work that they referred family and friends to her.
The bell chimed on the door, and she looked at the clock. Right on time. She turned as blues, purples, and reds clouded her vision momentarily. The couple stepped just inside the door and took a moment to look around before they spotted her.
She walked to the couple and extended her hand in greeting. “Hello, you must be Clinton and Daphne.”
Dressed in khaki slacks and a white button-down dress shirt, Clinton looked like an average-looking thirty-something-year-old man with cropped dirty blonde hair. His shy brown eyes darted around the room. His fiancée, on the other hand, had a beauty Sofia wouldn’t have paired with him. Daphne had natural wavy red hair flowing over her shoulders, blue eyes, porcelain skin with a sprinkle of freckles, and a curvy body that could just barely shop in the plus-size section. Daphne looked into Clinton’s eyes for a brief moment, and Sofia saw it. Love like that could be easily captured, and in that moment, she ignored her initial impression that they didn’t pair well. These two people belonged together.
“Hi. Yes, and you’re Sofia?” said the beauty as she entwined her fingers with his.
“Yes, I am. Nice to meet you. Please, come sit down. Would you like some tea? Coffee? Or water?” Sofia stepped toward the table.
“Two waters, thanks,” Daphne answered for them.
After bringing them their water, Sofia sat with them at the consultation table. “On the phone, you were interested in an engagement shoot. Here are some of the engagement pictures I’ve done. Please go ahead and take a look.” She turned her portfolio in their direction and sat back as they flipped through the pictures. “Is there something specific you guys would like done? Any specific poses?”
Clinton looked at Daphne. As with most couples, their decisions concerning the photo shoot were made by the woman. The men were happy as long as the women were happy.
“Well, I came across your website’s link on the Louis Bontemp Plantation website’s affiliation tab,” she said.
“Yes, I’ve done a few weddings there and even one christening. If I may?” Sofia retrieved the portfolio and flipped through the pages. “These are the pictures I took for one of the weddings there.”
She placed her hands in her lap to hide the nerves coursing through her. Two years of consultations and she still got nervous, never knowing if they would like her work. Sofia forced herself to sit back and let them browse. She observed the couple while giving them time to look. When she focused on Clinton, he gave off a variety of blues that told her he was a mellow man. He was what some would describe as the strong, silent type. Each time he focused on Daphne, his blues melded with her reds and purples. Reds like those were typical of hot-blooded people, which was always entertaining to see with redheads. It fascinated Sofia to see the person’s aura match the stereotype. Seeing the trace of purple helped her understand that these two viewed themselves as soul mates and that they were loyal to each other. That made Sofia happy.
“Sofia?” The couple stared at her, apparently confused and almost ready to bolt.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I guess I got wrapped up watching you two. I assume you’ve been together a while?” Sofia inwardly cringed at being caught reading their auras. They didn’t know that she was doing that, but she knew that people tended to get nervous under her intense stares. At least she had become better at it and had improved at recovering after being caught reading.
“It’s okay,” Daphne said. “Yes, we have, two years now. Can you tell us about the packages available and your rates?”
“Yes, here’s my list of packages and services.” Sofia slid over the sheet. “May I ask what you two do for a living?”
“I’m a veterinarian, and Clinton is a freelance writer for a few newspapers,” Daphne said looking at Clinton with pride and love shining through her eyes.
Sofia jotted down the details in her notebook. “Oh, that’s nice. Do you have a pet you’d like to include in the shoot? Or something from work or your hobbies?”
“Well, we did meet at a masked Mardi Gras party, and we’d love to include something from that if possible,” Daphne answered. “And we have a dog who we consider our baby.”
“Oh, that’s wonderful! What kind of dog? What’s his name?”
“His name is Cuddles, and he’s a pit bull terrier. He came into my clinic a year ago as a rescue,” Daphne smiled.
Sofia held back a laugh and wrote down the details. “I love the idea of masks, so I’ll look into finding some for your shoot. If you think of any other ideas, you can just let me know and I’ll see if we can incorporate it. This information will help me understand you both.” Sofia’s mind turned with a variety of possibilities, her favorite being the beautiful, intricate masks she had seen in a shop last time she was in the market in New Orleans.
An hour later, Sofia walked them to the door with a photo shoot scheduled in two months’ time. Sofia fixed herself more tea and took it to her desk then powered up her laptop. As the warm tea coated her throat, she thought of the couple and smiled. It would be a fun engagement session. She mentally relaxed and forgot the couple for the time being.
Her next appointment wasn’t until the afternoon, but she had plenty of work ahead of her. She had two shoots’ worth of pictures to sort through and edit. One was of a wedding and could have as many as two thousand pictures, so she settled in for a long day.
Sofia pulled out a container that held her SD memory cards and found the one she needed. She created three folders: one for the originals, a second for the mediocre pictures, and a third for the ones she knew the couple would want. After connecting her external hard drive, she backed up all the pictures and labeled the folders accordingly.
From previous experience, she knew looking at the total would only frustrate her, so she clicked on the first one and got started. The first picture she took was of the groom and his father in the changing room prior to getting dressed. From past clients, she’d learned that these photos would sometimes hold the most value as parents died. She made edits as they were needed and moved from picture to picture.
After a while, her phone chimed, reminding her of her next consultation. She sat back and lifted her arms for a stretch. She had an hour until her potential client would show, and she still needed to eat.
Sofia grabbed a water and walked to the small kitchen. From the fridge, she got the fixings for a sandwich. While she could run over or call in an order at the pub next door, she tried to limit how often she ate out. She didn’t like to waste money on a daily basis, and this way, she could splurge occasionally without any reason to feel guilty.
Leaning against the small counter, Sofia bit into her sandwich. Her phone, which she’d left on her desk, beeped with a text. She put the food down and walked over to get it. Taking a step back to the kitchen, she heard the distinct sound of the front door’s jingle. After entering the front room, she found one of the neighborhood kids with an armful of chocolate. The poor boy would have sore arms by the end of his little excursion.
“Hi, Miss Brazier.”
“Hello, Jake! Whatcha got there?” Sofia smiled.
He shifted his feet to accommodate the weight in his arms. “I wanted to know if you would like to buy some chocolate to help the school raise money for new books and a new sign.”
Sofia’s friendship with Lindsey kept her informed about the books, and she’d heard about the sign from Jaime Lynn. Apparently, some of the high school football players had gotten drunk and crashed into it after the bonfire following their weekly football game. Luckily no one was hurt. Well, if you didn’t count the sound beating they got from their old-fashioned mothers for getting caught not only being drunk but streaking down Main Street prior to the crash.
Had they not crashed into the sign, only a handful of people would have known about the streaking. She laughed at the memory of poor Bobby Benson, his pants around his ankles, after the football player’s girlfriend caught him kissing one of the cheerleaders. Well, in his defense, the cheerleader had attacked him with kisses. After that, Sofia had closed her curtains and gone to bed. She was thankful she’d missed seeing the minors streaking. Those memories wouldn’t have been fun to wash from her mind, and most of those boys worked in various areas of town.
“Sure, how much are they?” Sofia reached into the desk for the cash she kept on hand.
“One dollar each, ma’am.” He shifted back and forth as he tried to relieve the weight in his arms.
“Here you go. I can pick which ones, right?”
“Miss Brazier, this is a twenty—”
“Yes, it is. Now may I please have ten with peanut butter and ten with peanuts?” She and the girls were having a movie night soon, and her friends would be happy to help her consume the treats.
“Yes, ma’am,” he said with big round eyes. He gave her the twenty candy bars, said his thank yous, and walked out to find the next willing person.
Sofia saw the time and realized she needed to get ready for her next client. She refilled the electric kettle and turned it on. She put out more tea bags and put on fresh coffee to brew. Once she was satisfied with the drink table, she turned her portfolio to the birthday section. While she didn’t use her personal desk for consultations, she didn’t like leaving it cluttered, so she tidied it up. After saving things again, she grabbed the hard drive and SD cards and put them away. Satisfied that everything looked good, she made herself some more hot tea then sat down and mentally prepared for her next possible client.
When the door opened, a woman in her sixties, surrounded with various oranges in her aura, and another in her forties, with a dirty-gold-colored aura, walked in and looked around.
Sofia stood and walked the ten feet to greet the women. “Hello, ladies. Welcome to Orchid Photography. I’m Sofia Brazier.”
They were both the epitome of Southern ladies. The older woman was dressed in a pale blue skirt suit and matching blue pumps. She wore subtle makeup, and her hair, once honey-blond, was now streaked with gray. Her eyes, while stern, were kind, and the orange hues Sofia saw around the woman indicated that not only would she be charming and kind but also honest.
On the other hand, her companion was the opposite. She wore a red dress cut to mid-thigh with plenty of bosom on display. Blond dye covered her natural chestnut color, and her lips were stained a bright red that matched her dress. Even her jewelry was showing off. The gold hues that surrounded her aura were splattered with spots of gray and black, and arrogance rolled off her in waves. The gray and black spots multiplied when she looked at the older woman. The envy and hatred she held for the older woman was restrained in only the way a Southern belle was bred.
“Miss Brazier, it’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Savannah Theriot, and this is my daughter-in-law, Bridget Theriot.” The woman nodded in Bridget’s direction as she extended her perfectly manicured hand.
After shaking both women’s hands, Sofia gestured toward the drinks. “Pleasure to meet you both. Please, have a seat. Can I get you something to drink? I have tea, coffee, and water.”
“Yes, please. Tea for myself and…?” Savannah looked to Bridget for her answer as she walked to one of the seats.
“Water,” Bridget mumbled as she turned on her heels.
Sofia set their drinks on the table then sat down. “Please tell me a little about what you’re looking for.” She brought out her pen and notebook to take notes.
Savannah dipped the tea bag in the hot water and cleared her throat. “Well, we’re hosting my mother’s eightieth birthday party at the Marguerite Dubois Tea Room in the French Quarter. Eighty of her closest family and friends will be there.”
Sofia jotted down the location and number of attendants. “Do you live in New Orleans?”
“No, our family resides in Baton Rouge. My mother has an estate on St. Charles in New Orleans and spends half of the year in that home.”
St. Charles Avenue, where the homes were not only beautiful but worth millions. Many celebrities owned homes in that area, but those who lived on St. Charles were primarily families with old money who had lived there for quite a few generations. Sofia loved riding the streetcar through that area. She’d taken several pictures there before becoming a professional photographer and found it inspiring.
“Do you think she would like some pictures taken on her estate? Or did you have something particular in mind?” Sofia looked between both ladies. Had she not looked, she would have missed the look in Bridget’s eyes.
“Oh, I hadn’t even considered that a possibility.” Savannah’s face lit up with excitement. “I think it’s fabulous. Maybe we can do that on a separate day. I hoped to have some family portraits taken—generation shots would be lovely as well—but maybe we can do traditional portraits on a different day.”
“Is it safe to assume she’s aware of the party?”
“Oh yes, I wouldn’t like to give her heart a jolt,” Savannah told her. Her eyes briefly filled before her upbringing kicked in.
Sofia gave her a small smile and turned to Bridget. Again, Bridget hid a smirk at the thought of the woman dying. The promise of an inheritance had the power to make some people heartless. Obviously, the younger woman looked forward to the elder woman’s death.
Sofia nodded in acknowledgment. “Is there anything else you have in mind?” Normally Sofia followed up with the packages available, but with women of Savannah’s social standing, mentioning prices wasn’t always viewed as polite.
“No. I heard wonderful things about your work from Mrs. Gerard. I look forward to you working for us.” At that, Savannah stood and extended her hand.
“That’s wonderful to hear! It makes me happy to know she liked my pictures. I enjoyed working for Mrs. Gerard,” Sofia smiled.
Sofia walked them to the door then shook both of their hands. She watched Bridget as they walked to the black Mercedes sedan parked across the street. Even if she couldn’t read auras, Sofia would have noticed something was off with the woman.
Once the women reached their car, Sofia went back inside. She took the dishes to the kitchen sink, then she headed back to her desk. Firing up her laptop, she opened the images she had started working on earlier that day. She slipped off her shoes and tucked her legs under her as she prepared to edit more pictures.
Chapter 2
Sofia clicked back and forth between color and black and white, not quite sure if the picture of the flower girl would be more appreciated in the classic tone. As she debated, the office phone rang and drew her out of her work.
“Orchid Photography, Sofia speaking.”
“At least I know you’re alive. Want to tell me why you’re standing me up?” Lindsey asked with an annoyed laugh.
Sofia’s eyes shot up to the clock. It was half past six. “Crap! I’m sorry! Let me save this and I’ll be on my way.” She moved the cursor over the disk icon on her screen.
“Yup, this will cost you the appetizer as well,” Lindsey huffed and hung up.
Sofia looked around for her cell phone as she finished backing up her work. Where had she left it now? She hurried to the small kitchen off the back room and found her phone by the fridge—next to her barely eaten sandwich. At that moment, her stomach made its protest. She shut the blinds and locked the door before rushing to the kettle. She unplugged it, snagged her keys and laptop, and went upstairs to her apartment. Her purse was sitting on the counter when she finally found it. She grabbed it and ran out the back door, flying down the stairs to the pub.
Ten minutes after Lindsey called, Sofia walked into the pub next door and scanned the room for her. She found Lindsey in their usual booth in the corner. On her way to their table, Sofia waved at a few of the locals enjoying a meal.
Ms. Rose waved back and called Sofia over to her table. As Sofia walked over, she noticed a baby in a high chair and a woman she assumed was the mother.
“Sofia, I want you to meet my niece, Hailee, and her daughter, Becca.” The older woman with kind eyes pointed toward the younger woman and baby.
Sofia extended her hand. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. Your aunt has been talking about your visit for quite some time now.” She turned and smiled at the older woman, who was obviously overjoyed by the company. “I hope the three of you are enjoying your time together. Be sure to take Becca by the library for story time. Lindsey enjoys reading to the children who come in.” She pointed in Lindsey’s direction.
“Hailee, Sofia is a photographer and owns the building next door. While you’re here, maybe you can have pictures taken of Becca?” Ms. Rose asked her niece with a touch of hope in her voice.
“You should come by. I’ll squeeze you in if you’d like,” Sofia offered. She didn’t want the young woman to feel obligated, but Sofia would welcome the business. Photographing the adorable baby with big sky-blue eyes, pink full lips, and barely-there strawberry-blond hair would be fun. From her little experience with babies, Sofia estimated she was six to nine months old.
“Thank you,” Hailee said noncommittally.
“Enjoy your meal, ladies. It was nice meeting you, Hailee and Becca.” Sofia waved then made her way to the booth where Lindsey waited.
The memory of coming in for a meal after her flat tire was still fresh in her mind. Unlike downtown New Orleans, Sofia couldn’t smell urine and vomit outside of the building. Jaime Lynn, the owner, had been covering the bar until Jesse arrived for his shift. The smell of alcohol and fried food blended with the smell of oak, and Sofia had ordered a delicious muffuletta, sweet potato fries, and a soda as the locals stared at the new girl in town.
In some of their eyes, she was still the new girl, but many had accepted her presence in the town about nine months after her arrival. Noticing Jaime Lynn, Sofia turned her course from the booth to the bar instead.
“Hey, Jaime Lynn. Are we still doing movie night on Friday?” she asked.
“Yeah, we just need to decide on whose place. I just bought The Proposal with Ryan Reynolds–yum. I’ll bring it,” Jaime Lynn said, wiping down the counter.
Sofia looked down the bar to where Jesse poured Mick another drink. Sofia noticed Jesse’s eyes take in Jaime Lynn’s body as he passed her to grab another beer for Old Man Bert. Sofia held back her smirk—somehow Jaime Lynn was oblivious or immune to Jesse’s interest.
“Okay, I’ll check with Lindsey,” Sofia told her friend as she smiled at the other bartender. “Hi, Jesse.”
Sofia walked the last few feet to their booth and slid into the seat across from Lindsey. “I’m so sorry, Linz!”
“Mmhmm, sure, you are…” Lindsey’s eyes sparkled as she teased her friend. “If I didn’t already know what a workaholic you are, I’d be offended you forgot about me. How’d your day go?”
“Well, thanks to staying up past midnight watching a movie, I woke up late. Then I had to rush to get ready for my nine a.m. consultation. An interesting couple at that; she was all hot and fire while he was calm and reserved. I expect to have fun on that one. Then I spent most of the day editing the Wilcoxson wedding photos from last weekend. I had a consultation for an eightieth birthday party, then followed that with more editing and a phone call reminding me of what an awful friend I am…” She ended her recap with a smile and giggle. “I really am sorry—so what am I buying us for an appetizer?”
At that moment, Jaime Lynn walked up with a basket of fried pickles. Lindsey smirked at Sofia and nabbed the first one.
“So, ladies, whose place for Friday night?” Jaime Lynn asked.
Sofia threw Lindsey a questioning glance.
“We can do it at my place. It'll give us time to ogle the new hottie next door.” Lindsey raised her eyebrows suggestively.
“I think someone needs to get laid.” Jaime Lynn laughed then seemed to grasp the rest of Lindsey’s words. “Wait, what new hottie?” Jesse called Jaime Lynn to the bar and she sighed. “Never mind, I’ll just wait. I’ll see you two there, and I’ll bring the movie.”
“I think I agree with Jaime Lynn. So how was work?” Sofia asked, grabbing a pickle and the menu.
“It was good. Today I took some books over to the school,” Lindsey said between bites. “I don’t know why you bother looking at the menu. You pick the same thing every time.”
“Do. Not,” she grumbled as her eyes shifted from the sandwich section to the seafood section. Then she looked up. “What are—?”
Sofia’s mind blanked when her eyes landed on him. He had a strong square jaw, green eyes, full kissable lips, and short dark hair—wait a minute. Sofia focused on his aura, and nothing—not one color shone through. Odd. Her eyes moved down to his broad shoulders. His gray shirt wrapped around his biceps and abs for a snug fit. She took in his jeans, which fit in all the right places, and his dirty Timberlands. As her eyes traveled back up his length for seconds, she was startled to find those same green eyes watching her.
“Hello? Sofia?” Sofia faintly heard Lindsey’s voice begging for her attention. “Mmm… that would be the new hottie next door.” Lindsey’s snicker reached Sofia’s ears as she felt a kick to her shin.
“Ow!” Sofia turned accusing eyes at Lindsey. “Why did you kick me?” Before she had even finished the sentence, her eyes were searching the pub for the strange man. She found him a few booths down from them, his back turned to her.
“Are you okay over there? And it was an accident.” Lindsey was just barely able to finish the statement without laughing. “While I know he’s hot—like so hot it makes me want to rip off my own clothes—I’ve never seen you like this.”
“He’s hot indeed, but I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m not acting weird,” Sofia muttered and focused all her energy on the menu in front of her.
“You two ladies decide on food? Although I don’t know why I ask. This one picks the same muffuletta each time,” Joana, their waitress, asked.
“Actually, I’d like the fried catfish with fries,” Sofia told Joana and stuck her tongue out at Lindsey.
“Real mature, Sof. While I’d ask if hell froze over, I think I know the why,” Lindsey said.
“Oh, and can you see if Jesse will make me one of his yummy Long Island iced teas?” Sofia asked. “That would be great!” Sofia thanked her as the waitress nodded and turned to get Lindsey’s order.
“Can I get a cheeseburger, well done, and Caesar salad, please?” Lindsey grabbed her water and added, “A chardonnay too, please.”
Sofia watched Lindsey fold up the menu and place it back in the napkin holder. Lindsey sat back and looked Sofia over. She raised her eyebrow in question when Sofia finally looked her in the eyes.
“What?” Sofia cleared her throat as she shifted under Lindsey’s questioning eyes. She would tell her about the oddity with the hottie, but she wasn’t quite ready yet. “Ugh, I don’t want to talk about it, okay?”
“Fine. Although you know I expect an explanation eventually. I assume it’s about the hunk three booths down from us.”
Looking down at her hands as she fiddled with a napkin, Sofia barely nodded. Just then, their waitress dropped off their drinks and set them on the table. Sofia took a sip of the Long Island iced tea and looked over Lindsey’s shoulder at the man who occupied her thoughts. She hoped this wouldn’t cause her new life any complications.
Sofia choked on her drink as the room’s temperature changed and goose bumps covered her from head to toe. It didn’t happen often, but when it did, it always startled her. She looked at Lindsey, then their eyes scanned the pub. Before they could find the source of the change, everything returned to normal.
“Well, that was different,” Sofia told Lindsey as their meals appeared.
“Yup.”
After a few moments of silently eating, the two friends relaxed.
Lindsey said, “Do you want to go to the French Quarter on Saturday?”
“Sure. I wouldn’t mind looking for another painting for the apartment.” Sofia pushed her empty plate aside. “I also want to look at the Mardi Gras masks. I might be able to use some for the engagement shoot I booked today. Do you want to go for a run before we drive out?”
“Definitely, it’s been a while. I know I’ll need it after whatever treats we consume Friday night.” Lindsey looked over at the bar.
Sofia laughed. “Forget the beer. You know we’re getting the brownie sundae.”
After sharing the large brownie sundae, the two friends stood to leave. Sofia took a quick look around the room but didn’t see the mysterious man who would surely occupy her thoughts tonight. Not seeing an aura around the man had been unsettling. It wasn’t a bad omen necessarily, but it was the first time it had ever happened.
The women waved good-bye to Jaime Lynn and stepped outside. The night air was still hot and humid, but a light breeze blew through the trees. The electrical lights that resembled old-time gas lights cast a glow upon the street. They brought a charming atmosphere to the town that she’d claimed as her own. Only a few people strolled along the street at this time of night—most were home tucking their children in or relaxing. Sofia considered doing the same. A hot bath and her latest romance novel would ease her muscles after sitting in front of the computer most of the day.
“I won’t be around tomorrow. Any chance you can swing by and take Deogee out at lunch time? I have to attend a training class at LSU,” Lindsey asked about her adorable chocolate Labrador.
“Yes, that’s fine. Drive safely and call me if you have any issues.”
At Sophia’s building, the friends said good night, hugged, and went in separate directions. Sofia walked by the front of her shop, verifying the door was locked and the blinds were closed. She rounded the corner of the building and walked to the back, where she climbed the stairs to her apartment door.
Stepping inside, she smelled the sandalwood vanilla candles, a comforting and relaxing scent. She locked the door, set her things down, and went to the bathroom. She turned the faucet on, filling the large Jacuzzi tub she had installed after buying the building. It was one of the few indulgences she had allowed herself when she remodeled.
She stripped, grabbed her book, and slipped into the tub. Tomorrow would be another long day.
Thirty minutes later, she drained the tub and began her nightly ritual. After lying down in her bed, she said her prayers and envisioned her guardian angels taking guard at each corner of the building, their white wings open wide, creating a barrier around her. After giving them her thanks, she closed her eyes and dreamed of green eyes.
Chapter 3
The early morning sun trickled in her windows. Sofia stretched her arms above her head, arching her back, and pointed her toes. Minutes later, she walked the few feet from her bed to the adjoining bathroom to wash her face, brush her teeth, then put on tinted moisturizer and a dab of eye makeup.
Her kitchen wasn’t big by any means, but it was large enough for the two-bedroom apartment. The electric kettle had been filled the night before, so with a flick, her water began to heat. She removed a variety of berries from the fridge. After adding the hot water to her oatmeal, she mixed in berries and a banana from the basket on the counter. Then she pulled a mug down from the cabinet, poured in water, and added a tea bag. She sat by the window at a two-seat breakfast table and watched the sun rise, enjoying the peace and quiet.
Once she had cleaned up, she returned to her room and dressed in the clothes she set out Thursday night. On Fridays, she allowed herself the luxury of a nice dark pair of boot-cut jeans. Her rose-colored sleeveless blouse ended at her hips. She dressed the “casual” look with a pair of black wedge sandals, a gold bracelet on her right wrist, and a gold watch on the left. Rose-colored teardrop earrings and a matching necklace that lay midway to her cleavage completed her look. After one more look to verify she still looked professional, Sofia grabbed her things and walked downstairs.
As she turned the lights on to her shop, her phone rang. She removed it from her back pocket and checked the display.
“Good morning, Mom.” She filled the coffee pot and electric kettle with water.
“Hi, sweetheart. How are you?” her mother’s soothing voice asked.
“I’m doing well. Getting the shop ready to open up. How are you?” She turned the machines on and glanced over the drink supplies the table held.
She sighed. “I’m well.” Sigh. “I’m not holding you up, am I?”
“No, I’m running early today. Is everything okay?” She knew her mom had something on her mind. If she ignored the sighs, her mom would only sulk more. She walked to the consultation table and removed the vase.
“Everything’s fine, dear… are you sure you made the right choice in moving? Aren’t you lonely?”
Ah. They didn’t speak often, but when they did, the conversation didn’t change too much.
“Mom, I am happy. I love this town. I have friends here, and my business is thriving. I love what I’m doing.” In the kitchen, Sofia threw away the dying flowers and put the dirty vase in the sink.
Her mom sighed again. “Yes, you mentioned that last time. It’s just that I miss you and you’re so far away. I can’t help but feel you’ve been running away ever since you met that woman.”
Holding back her own sigh, Sofia said, “Mom, ‘that woman,’ as you so kindly put it, is my grandmother. And I’m not running away from anything. I’m not that far away either. It’s an hour drive to your house and only a little farther to the city.”
“No, my mother was your grandmother—”
“Mother, please don’t start. It is possible to have more than one grandparent. Maw Maw’s been gone five years now. My relationship with my grandmother has no bearing on the love and affection I will always have for Maw Maw.” Feeling tired, Sofia sat at her desk. “Look, I’ll be going down to the Quarter tomorrow with my friend Lindsey. If you would like, we can meet for coffee and beignets in Metairie in the afternoon.”
“Oh, that would be nice. Maybe I can invite Anton. He’s such a nice, handsome young man. Did I tell you he’s a lawyer at Bennet and Benoit, the law firm?” Her mother sounded excited.
Sofia placed her hand on her temple, rubbing away the headache her mother had a knack for creating. “Mom, I would really prefer you didn’t invite him. I have no interest. I would love to see you, and I don’t need any matchmaking.”
“Honey, once you meet him, you’ll see how great you two could be—”
“No, Mother.” Sofia stood to pace the room. “I appreciate the offer, but no thank you.” After taking a deep breath, she spoke in a more agreeable tone. “Mom, I have to go. Someone’s at the door. We’ll see you tomorrow afternoon. Love you! Bye.”
“Bye, honey. Love you too,” her mother said, sounding defeated.
Swallowing a frustrated scream, Sofia settled on growling and slid the phone into her back pocket. Once they had been best friends, and her mother had supported all of Sofia’s endeavors without question. Nowadays, she felt her mother had become a professional at aggravating her. Everything had changed that fateful day she sat her mom down and told her she wanted to find her biological parents. Sighing, Sofia shoved her emotions back down. Bringing them up only made her heart ache. Ending the conversation with the polite ploy of a potential customer had stopped a sure fight from occurring.
After looking at the time, she opened the blinds, unlocked the door, and headed to her desk to edit. No harm came from opening early.
Hours later, Sofia had one DVD with images of the Wilcoxson wedding and another of a maternity shoot. Every spare minute available between appointments yesterday had been spent on the Wilcoxson photos. The early start to her day today allowed her time to double-check her work. She submitted the order for the prints and moved on to editing other shoots. The door opened just as she opened the file to submit another order of prints.
She looked up through bursts of yellows, greens, purples, and pinks and saw Ms. Rose, Hailee, and Becca on her mother’s hip. All three were dressed in their Sunday best. An elegant blue blouse and matching blue slacks paired with black flat dress shoes took a few years off of Ms. Rose. A flowing lavender dress fitted Hailee’s curves and ended just above the new mother’s knees.
“Wow, you ladies look beautiful!” Sofia turned her attention to Becca, dressed in a white dress with yellow daisies stitched on it. “Are you going dancing?” she asked the baby and received a big grin in return.
Ms. Rose patted her hair and smiled. “Hello, Sofia! We were wondering if you had time to take some pictures for us today?”
Sofia looked at her watch then smiled at the ladies. “Of course, I can squeeze you in. Please follow me.” Stopping at her desk, she selected a clean SD card. She guided them to the studio then grabbed her camera and inserted the SD card. “Are there any poses you have in mind?”
Sofia plugged in the lights and picked the black backdrop.
Ms. Rose looked at the other two. “Well, I know I’d love a picture of us three, one of the two of them, and one of Becca.”
“Yes, but I’d also like a picture of Aunt Rose and me.” Hailee bounced the little girl on her hip, keeping her entertained.
“Easy enough.” Sofia smiled. “Let’s get started with the picture of the three of you, then of Becca solo, Hailee and Becca, then you two. That way Becca doesn’t get too antsy.”
“Smart choice.” Ms. Rose stepped forward onto the backdrop.
Sofia kicked her wedges aside and began directing them on how to pose, working as quickly as she could. Previous experience had taught her that children only cooperated for so long before the tears and tantrums began. After manipulating the ladies for ten minutes, she gathered some flower props and placed Becca in the middle. The baby squealed in delight as she was given permission to play with the pretty “toys.” After a few minutes, Hailee joined Becca in the limelight. Mother and daughter glowed in the relaxed environment. Finally, Sofia did her best to capture the respect and mutual love between the three generations.
As Sofia gathered the props and set them aside, she said, “That’s a wrap, ladies.” She glanced at her watch as she slipped back into her shoes. “Would you like a quick peek to see how these turned out?”
Obviously delighted, Ms. Rose looked between Hailee and Sofia. “That would be wonderful!”
Sofia retrieved the camera’s SD card, unplugged the lights, and walked to her desk. Normally sneak peaks of the shoots were impossible to work in, but Sofia was enjoying spending time with the ladies and baby. She brought her laptop and wireless mouse to the consultation desk, then they sat down and watched as Sofia clicked through the pictures and edited some of their favorites in seconds.
Twenty minutes later, Sofia walked them to the door and gave Becca a kiss on top of her sweet head. After they’d left, she returned to her laptop to finish editing their shoot. A short time later, she finished and put in the order for the pictures.
The rest of her day involved editing and placing some orders. When three o’clock hit, she closed early and retreated upstairs. Sofia cleaned up a little, grabbed her purse, and the candy bars she’d bought from little Jake Sanders, then she headed to her car. She cranked up her rap music and pointed her Cadillac toward the library.
Five minutes later, she was walking up to the brick building that used to be a plantation home during the Civil War. It was two stories and had large windows in the front. The addition to the left had housed a large kitchen originally, but it now contained the children’s section. Sofia visited the building on a weekly basis to see Lindsey.
Sofia walked to the large desk in the front. Lindsey’s office was tucked away in the back corner, but she spent most of her time at the circulation desk. Today Sofia found Mandy, a junior at the high school, working the desk.
“Hey, Mandy. Where’s she hiding?” Sofia asked.
Mandy looked up from sorting books on the cart. “Hi, Ms. Sofia. She went upstairs to get a couple of romance novels. I hear y’all are having a movie night tonight.”
“Yeah, we’ll be at Lindsey’s. Jaime Lynn’s bringing the movie.” Sofia walked over to the periodicals next to the desk. She grabbed the weekly tabloid that chronicled the lives of young celebrities who partied too hard, and flipped through the pages with no purpose. “How about you? Any plans tonight? Isn’t there a football game?”
The sound of footsteps on the stairs made Mandy look up as her boss returned with four books in her arms. “Yes, there’s a game, but I’m not going. I’m going to the movies instead.”
“Hi, Sof!” Lindsey said as she came down the last few steps. “Let me check these out and we’ll close down and head out.”
Sofia leaned against the counter as they discussed movies that were coming out soon. In no time, all three were walking out. “Let me give you a ride, Mandy.” Sofia said as Mandy started walking toward town.
“Thanks, that’d be great!” Mandy said changing directions.
“Bye, Mandy. Sof, I’ll meet you back at my place.” Lindsey told her and climbed into her truck.
A few minutes later, Sofia pulled off across from Whiskey’s to let Mandy out.
“Oh look, that’s the new girl,” Mandy said. “Well, bye. Thanks again for the ride!”
“Bye. Have fun,” Sofia called as Mandy closed the door. She gave the new girl a glance then drove over to Lindsey’s house.

* * *

Sofia gave the door a quick knock before opening it and found Deogee running over to greet her. His tail wagged with excitement, slapping against everything that got in its way.
“Hi, sweet boy,” She gave his head a quick scratch.
“Hey, lady!” Lindsey called from the kitchen, located in the back right corner of the house, as she poured two glasses of wine. “How was your day?”
“Good, Ms. Rose and her niece came by for a quick shoot.” Sofia placed her purse and keys on the counter by Lindsey’s mail. Deogee followed her into the kitchen and veered to his designated corner, which held a comfortable dog bed. “The baby, Becca, did great! Such a cute, sweet baby.”
Sofia walked over and took the glass offered. After a sip, they both sighed.
“That’s a good one. We haven’t had it before, have we?”
“Nope. I picked it up yesterday while I was in Baton Rouge,” Lindsey said with her head in the fridge. She pulled out some cheese. “Okay, so I gave you yesterday and most of today. What the hell was up with you Wednesday night? You looked confused when you saw the hottie. Confused wasn’t the emotion I expected from you when you saw those hot buns.”
Lindsey placed the cheese on the cutting board and began cutting slices. Sofia looked at her. She wasn’t surprised her friend had gone straight to the matter on her mind. She must have been squirming with the need to ask but respected Sofia’s need to wait. Sofia popped a piece of cheese in her mouth as she remembered seeing the new guy. She took a sip of wine, letting the flavor burst on her tongue, and felt the warmth fill her belly.
“He had no aura…”
“He had no aura? Wait, what? What do you mean he had no aura? How can that be?” Lindsey rattled off in one breath. The cheese knife in her hand waved around as she punctuated each question.
Seeing her friend react the way Sofia felt was refreshing. It was one reason the two of them hit it off so well. Tired, Sofia sat on the stool at the island. “I know, it was really odd. I’ve never had that happen before. I mean, I’m sure he has one, but I couldn’t see it.” Sofia looked into her wine glass, seeking the answers but finding none.
“What do you think it means?” Lindsey popped a piece of cheese in her mouth and leaned back on the counter, her eyes trained on Sofia.
“I have no clue. I doubt I’ll see him too much around town, it’s not like he has a need for a photographer. I’m just trying to forget it even happened.” Sofia refilled her glass of wine then topped off Lindsey’s glass.
Leaving her glass on the island, Sofia walked to her purse and removed the chocolate she’d brought. All the while, she attempted not to think of his green eyes. Those eyes had haunted her thoughts since she saw him, but she would keep that fact to herself.
Sofia could feel Lindsey’s eyes on her back. While the two of them hadn’t been friends long, they knew each other well. She bet Lindsey had figured there was more to tell. She could read Sofia’s body language better than her own mother could. Luckily, Lindsey wouldn’t push. Sofia wouldn’t be surprised if she was teased over this in one way or another though. She heard the low rumble of a giggle escape her friend’s lips.
“What are you laughing at?” Sofia inspected her shirt for wine or cheese then looked over her shoulder and spotted movement. Turning to get a better look, she regretted it instantly.
Through the window, she spotted the man who had occupied her thoughts and dreams. She wiped her damp hands on her jeans, hoping Lindsey didn’t notice. Taking a deep breath, she willed herself to turn away from the man just as a knock sounded on the front door. She heard the door open. Deogee jumped up from his comfortable spot and ran to the door with a bark. Once he spotted the intruder, he raced back to the kitchen in hopes that one of them would feed him a treat.
“Hello? Who’s ordering the pizza tonight?” Jaime Lynn called as she closed the door. “Who is that hunk next door?” Her shoes clunked onto the floor next to the door, and the floor boards creaked as she made her way to the kitchen. “I’ve never had a neighbor look that good.”
Sofia and Lindsey started laughing, and Jaime Lynn joined in.
A few moments later, the hunk forgotten, Sofia grabbed her cell phone. “The usual pizzas?”
Lindsey and Jaime Lynn both nodded. While Lindsey poured Jaime Lynn a glass of wine, Sofia placed an order for a ham and pineapple pizza and a pepperoni and jalapeño pizza. “Twenty minutes until Jonny will deliver it.”
“So, Jaime Lynn… how’s Jesse?” Lindsey sent Sofia a conspiratorial look.
They both caught the moment of tension that passed through Jaime Lynn’s body before she composed herself. Anyone else watching would have missed the change.
“He’s fine, I guess. Comes in on time and does his job,” she answered in the blandest tone as she shrugged.
“That’s good,” Lindsey said into her glass, holding back her amusement.
Sofia deliberately looked away to hide the smirk and shake of her shoulders. While they both would love to tease Jaime Lynn more, they also knew she would only lock up and get into a bad mood for the rest of the night. They had no idea why neither Jaime Lynn nor Jesse had taken their professional relationship to the personal level. Something must have happened to stop them from admitting their strong attraction.
“So, Linz, how’d the training seminar in Baton Rouge go?” Jaime Lynn asked, removing the attention from herself.
“Good. Just went over a program that I’d love to have but can’t justify for our library. I also talked to their library administration about piggy-backing off some of their online periodicals for the locals doing online classes. Too bad copyright laws won’t make that easy. Although if I can get them to provide a free or cheap membership, that could fix the issue entirely. I’m sure there might be a couple more options, but that’s what I got for now.” Lindsey’s eyes brightened with excitement over the possibilities.
“Good luck with that, let me know if you need any help.” Jaime Lynn told her and grabbed the movie from her purse.
Sofia watched as Jaime Lynn gave a longing look at the cover box. “Do you need a room?”
“I wish! Unfortunately, it looks like I’ll be sharing him with you guys tonight.”
Sofia chuckled as Jaime Lynn removed the disc from the case and went to put it in the player.
At the sound of a car door closing, all three heads turned toward the front of the house.
“I bet that’s Jonny.” Sofia grabbed her wallet and headed to the front.
Meanwhile, Lindsey ordered Deogee to stay so Sofia wouldn’t have to juggle the pizzas and the excited dog. Deogee sat on command and concentrated on Sofia as she exited the kitchen.
Sofia opened the door and stepped onto the porch as Jonny climbed the stairs with their pizzas. “Hi, Ms. Sofia.”
“Hi, Jonny!” Sofia handed him the money. “How’s school?”
“Good, ma’am.” His eyes struggled to remain on her face as they fought to take in her breasts.
“Thanks again and stay out of trouble.” She winked at the boy and watched him head to his car after nodding an acknowledgment.
When she turned to go inside, her eyes locked onto green eyes. He had shed his shirt, and she could see his tanned broad shoulders. Her eyes traveled down his chest to the trail of hair that started at his belly button and disappeared under his jeans. At the sight of him, her heart sped up. Glancing at his face, she saw he was tense, almost angry. The frustration coming off him in waves had her retreating into the house. After closing the door, she leaned on it for a moment.
That’s where Lindsey found her. “Hey, are you okay?”
Looking over Lindsey’s shoulder, Sofia spotted Jaime Lynn and pushed off the door. “Yes, peachy!”
She walked the pizzas into the kitchen. As the thundering of her heart slowed, Sofia heard the front door open. She could imagine the look Lindsey gave Noah, thanks to her protective nature. Sofia poured rum into a shot glass as Lindsey entered the kitchen.
“Oh, dear. I didn’t know we were partying tonight. Are you going to hog it or share?” Lindsey removed another shot glass and gave Jaime Lynn a questioning look before grabbing a second.
If they were going to drink, they might as well have some fun doing it.
“To friends!” Sofia cheered a second before shooting back the shot of rum.
“To friends!” the others answered, following it with their own shot.
Making herself at home, Sofia pulled out three plates and filled each up with a slice of each pizza. She opened the fridge and grabbed a beer, leaving her wine for later.
Sofia went to find a comfortable spot in the living room. Taking her lead, the others picked up their plates and found spots on the couch.
“Jaime Lynn, did you want a beer?” Lindsey called on her way back to the fridge.
“No, I can’t. After the movie, I have to return to Whiskey’s. I have to close it down tonight, so that shot and this glass of wine is it for me,” Jaime Lynn grumbled.
“Okay, I’ll bring you a water instead.” Lindsey called out from the kitchen.
“Is everything okay? Doesn’t Jesse usually cover you on our movie nights?” Sofia asked and bit into her second slice.
“Yes. I guess he has plans tonight he can’t get out of…” She rolled her eyes.
Oh, look at those colors change. It looked as though Jaime Lynn was feeling… sadness? No, jealousy. Ha. Jesse’s plans must involve a lady. As Lindsey returned with her beer and napkins, she and Sofia shared a knowing look. It didn’t take a special gift for Lindsey to notice the change in their friend.
They started the movie and pushed their thoughts aside to enjoy Ryan Reynolds on the screen. After finishing her pizza, Sofia switched back to wine. She brought the cheese and chocolate into the living room and placed it on the coffee table. The alcohol warmed her body and she relaxed into Lindsey’s comfortable chair. About two glasses ago, she’d settled on using Lindsey’s guest room, a common occurrence on movie nights. She planned to keep herself at a nice constant buzz.
About three quarters through the movie, Sofia’s phone rang in the next room. The girls playfully “hushed” her as she went to see who was calling. Looking at the time and the display, her stomach flipped and her heart jumped into her throat.
“Hi, Sheriff. How can I help you this evening?” Sofia looked toward the living room. Nothing like the sheriff calling to sober her up.
“Hi, Sofia. I’m sorry to call you this late, but we have a little problem at your building.”
Lindsey and Jaime Lynn joined her in the kitchen just as Sofia sat on the stool before her knees gave out. The worst possible scenarios played in her mind: fire, break-in, death…
Her eyes shot up to her friends. “Okay, what’s going on, Sheriff? I’m over at Lindsey’s.”
“Well, how about you come on down and meet me here? There’s been some vandalism. I can send Deputy Jolie to pick you up if you’ve been drinking,” he offered in his Southern accent.
Having heard the last part, Jaime Lynn said, “No, I’ll take you.” She picked up her purse and headed toward the door to put on her shoes.
“Jaime Lynn will take me. We’ll be there in five.” Sofia ended the call. After she’d gathered her things, her bare feet slapped on the floor as she headed for her own shoes. “I’m sorry, Linz…”
“It’s fine. Text me later.” Lindsey hugged her friends good-bye on the porch.
Walking down the driveway to Jaime Lynn’s car, Sofia heard a noise and found him getting in his truck. A shiver ran up her spine with promises of more to come.
Chapter 4
Jaime Lynn turned onto Main Street, the tension in the car escalating when they noticed the sheriff’s cruiser parked in front of Sofia’s building. As Jaime Lynn drove closer, Sofia began to notice an image on the brick wall. Her hands tightened into fists at the thought of someone defacing her building, but as she focused on the vandalism itself, her anger started to ebb. The artistic expertise surprised her and filled her with awe.
After parking Jaime Lynn’s car at Whiskey’s, they walked over to meet the sixty-something-year-old sheriff. Once they stepped onto the sidewalk in front of her building, Sofia spotted the sheriff wearing his usual jeans, tan cowboy boots, and a white button-down shirt with a bolo tie.
“Sheriff Randy,” Sofia greeted the man with salt-and-pepper hair and weather-worn skin. Her eyes locked onto a young teenage girl with sad brown eyes sitting on the curb.
“Hi, Sofia. Let me show you the damage done,” the sheriff said, his thin lips pulled up into a small smile.
They walked down some and stopped in front of an orchid. It was an incomplete rendition, but she could recognize the flower she’d named her business after well enough. It was easily three feet in diameter with a finished border, and the shading was about halfway complete. Jaime Lynn excused herself when her phone rang and headed back to the pub.
Sofia looked from the piece to the young girl wearing jean shorts, a gray tank top, and scuffed Converse shoes, and back again. The shading went from black into a pinkish-purple. Once it was complete, Sofia expected it would have been a beautiful mural. Although the fact that someone had defaced the building she called home and had worked so hard to renovate made her eyes narrow.
The sound of boots on the pavement drew Sofia’s attention away from the wall. Sofia glanced at the young girl, whose lips were drawn tight with tension at the person’s arrival. A shadow rounded the corner toward them a moment later, followed by its owner.
“Lexi,” a cold hard voice snarled, drawing Sofia’s attention.
She regretted it the moment her eyes locked on his green eyes. Seriously, what the hell was he doing here?
“Sofia Brazier, this here is Noah Tyler.” The sheriff walked over to shake hands with the man. Noah’s height dwarfed the sheriff’s average height and made his medium build look scrawny in comparison. “And this here Lexi is his daughter, the artist behind your vandalism.”
The man reached out, and when their hands touched, thousands of bolts of electricity ran over her skin. Her eyes rounded and his narrowed. Unlike Sofia, he didn’t just react in surprise but in anger. She had never met this man, yet each time she saw him, he seemed to loathe her. What the hell was his problem?

* * *

Noah had to let her hand go. He would either strangle Lexi for her latest act of rebellion or take this woman right here, right now with the sheriff and his daughter to witness it all. Since he couldn’t let himself do either, he shoved his hands into his pockets. He looked down at Lexi and saw the sadness under the rebellious glare she sent him.
She hadn’t always looked at him that way. Once upon a time, his little princess would jump in his arms and give him a fierce hug and would vow to love him “forever and ever.” Nowadays, he was lucky if she said two words to him. Things had changed over the last two years, and he was trying his hardest, but that didn’t seem to matter to Lexi or his family.
Now this woman, who he’d seen for the first time two days ago, was occupying his thoughts night and day. No, he wouldn’t do that to Vanessa. No matter how smooth her skin looked, or how exotic her high cheeks looked, paired with her knowing eyes, or how that luscious mouth called to him. No. No, he didn’t deserve to feel these things, and he should be whipped for even letting his dick twitch at the thought of what those lips could do or how those breasts would feel in his calloused hands.
He looked at Lexi to force himself to focus on the matter at hand. She sat on the curb with her dark long hair, so much like her mother’s, braided over her shoulder. No matter how much she was hurting or how pissed she was at him, this behavior was unacceptable and had to stop now.
He raised an eyebrow as his eyes took in Sofia’s large breasts that would fill his hands perfectly. “Brazier?”

* * *

In a matter of seconds, Sofia noticed a flash of pain followed by anger cross the man’s face. When he turned to the girl sitting on the curb, his face flickered with sadness followed by… annoyance? Frustration? Without a doubt, Noah was a complex man. If she could see his aura, it would be flashing color after color as one replaced another as the dominant. Maybe it was better that she didn’t see one, no matter how much of an oddity that was for her. Sofia watched his eyes travel over her face and down to her breasts, desire burning just under the surface.
“Yes.” Men always seemed to fixate on her name and large breasts. She noticed the sheriff smirk until she glanced between the men and they both composed themselves. Where was that shot of rum now? “Sheriff? What happened?”
“Uh, yes, Lexi here is Mr. Tyler’s daughter. I was doing my rounds and spotted her painting this on your building. Since she’s a minor, I called her father and you,” he said in his authoritative voice. The sheriff cleared his throat. “I need to know if you would like to press charges, Sofia.”
Lexi regarded her with fear and surprise. Her naturally green aura was dim with spots of black. The girl was hurting and reminded Sofia of the adolescents she’d tried to help in the city. Sofia noted that what set Lexi apart was that she was sorry. Not sorry that she had been caught but sorry that she had caused trouble. Interesting.
Looking at Noah, it didn’t seem like he was going to bail Lexi out of this. She admired that he was forcing her to face the consequences. Sofia walked over to the orchid, admiring the girl’s talent.
Sofia returned to the group. “How old are you, Lexi?”
Lexi looked around at all the faces and stood. “I’m fifteen.”
“You’re a talented artist…” Glancing at Noah, Sofia observed pride bubble up briefly until his eyes moved to the orchid and sadness filled them. “Sheriff, I won’t press charges…” Sofia watched Lexi exhale in relief and Noah’s eyes rounded in surprise. “But—”
“But?” the sheriff asked as all eyes questioned her.
“But I don’t think she should be let off. I suggest some community service.” Sofia noticed the teen accept her punishment with a hint of annoyance. Good, her impression was right—the girl wasn’t a delinquent. “She can do her work with me. I think forty hours should about cover it.”
“With your background, I think that’s a fantastic idea, Sofia.” The sheriff nodded in approval of the “sentence.”

* * *

“Wait, what makes her so suitable to administer community service?” Noah grumbled in annoyance. He agreed with the idea—it was better than his baby girl ending up with a juvenile record—but this meant more contact with the woman. If the little he had seen her already had his body humming, he was sure to combust from more contact.
The sheriff looked to Sofia for the answer.
“Well, seeing the circumstances, I could press charges and give Lexi a juvie record or she could accept some community service with me. I own this building and have a photography business. I could put her to use. Seeing as I used to work as a juvenile probation officer, I have seen both sides to this coin. If you’d rather I…” Sofia hinted.
“No. Lexi will come by on Monday after school and start working off her hours. I’ll clean up the paint and have your wall restored by tomorrow. It should come off if I get started on it soon. Lexi, let’s go.” He nodded at his daughter and began walking toward the front, where he’d parked.
“Thanks for not pressing charges. I’ll be here on Monday,” Lexi muttered and followed her father.
Noah reached his car and watched his daughter get in on the other side. If he said one word to her right now, he was bound to blow a gasket. In his mind, he could hear Vanessa’s voice telling him to calm down.
Taking a deep breath, Noah glanced up at the building he had driven by a few times now. That temptress owned this place, just his fucking luck. All the places Lexi could have pulled this stunt and she had picked the building owned by the woman making his insides crazy.
After spending the day working on the house, he had been looking forward to relaxing with a beer. Now, thanks to Lexi, he’d spend the night trying to get that damn paint off the brick.

* * *

“It’ll do her good to have you as a role model,” the sheriff drawled as he walked to his cruiser. He hopped in before Sofia could ask him why.
After everyone left, Sofia stood on the street, inspecting the orchid. The girl not only had an eye for beauty but a talent in recreating it. The orchid was clearly significant to the young girl, and in time, Sofia planned on finding out why. Intuition told her it was no coincidence Lexi had painted an orchid on her business. Sofia’s mom loved orchids. She herself thought they were pretty, but she’d felt compelled to name her photography business by the flower’s name, and not because of her mom. She wondered if it had anything to do with Noah and Lexi?
The day’s events came crashing down on her, and thanks to the alcohol earlier, she was ready for bed. Sofia headed to the outside stairs to her apartment. Remembering Lindsey, she texted her friend that she was fine and would tell her all about it tomorrow when they met up for their run.
After setting her alarm, Sofia knew that green eyes would haunt her dreams once again.

* * *

Noah felt the hair on the back of his neck rise before he even saw her. Her skin shimmered with sweat. A bright blue tank top hugged her breasts, short black athletic shorts clung to her curves, and bright blue sneakers covered her feet. The woman’s legs went on forever. He indulged in a brief fantasy of running his hands up those tan legs, hips, and up to her ample breasts. As his pants got tighter with a growing erection, he forced himself to turn and grab a drink of water.
For his sanity, Noah wanted to ignore her presence. Too bad he needed to speak to her. He couldn’t ignore what she was doing for Lexi. “Excuse me, Sofia?”
“Hello, Noah.” She smiled and continued to the bottom step of the house’s porch.
Noah walked toward her. “Can I talk to you?”
Her eyes locked on his with discomfort, “Yes?”
When they were a few feet apart, her smell hit him hard. Her sweat had yet to mask the sweet smell of peaches. She wasn’t covered in the strong perfume smell so many women seemed to bathe in. He noticed she wore no makeup either. The woman was truly stunning. He placed his hands in his pockets and rocked back on his heels.
“I wanted to thank you for what you’re doing for Lexi. You had every right to press charges, but I’m very grateful you didn’t. She’s a good kid…” He looked up at the second floor of his house, almost expecting to see Lexi standing at her window. “She’s just had a rough time, and I can’t snap her out of it. I hope this close call does it.” He found himself wanting to tell Sofia more, but there was no point. Lexi would do her time with Sofia, and he would walk away with as little contact as possible.
Her head tilted to the side, Sofia’s knowing eyes pierced him. “Sounds like you both have been having a rough time.”
Her comment took him off guard. “Yes. No. Yes.” Noah struggled to breathe at the thought of how rough these last two years had been. When he looked at Sofia, he expected a confused look or even pity but not compassion. Yet her eyes sparkled when she gave him a small smile. Why did he always feel as if she was looking through him or reading his mind?
“I look forward to working with her. She may have vandalized my building, but she’s truly talented.” Sofia thought back to the drawing. “By the way, I noticed there was barely a trace left this morning. Thank you for cleaning it up.”
Noah shrugged the comment off as he registered a noise. Looking up, he found his neighbor leaning against the doorway with a mug in her hand, staring him down. “Does she always look—?”
“Mean?” Sofia laughed.
Wow, even the woman’s laugh was sexy. Seriously, he was a grown-ass man and was finding himself aroused by the slightest thing this woman did.
“Nah. She’s just protective…” Sofia said as his body tensed. She took a half step closer, and he stiffened impossibly further. That only made her laugh more. She turned and started walking toward Lindsey. “Oh, and you’re welcome,” she called over her shoulder. The carefree look on her face stole his breath.
Noah watched her walk away—her breasts weren’t the only ample things on her body. He bit his tongue to prevent it from falling out of his mouth as he watched her hips sway with each step. Cold. Shower. Fuck, what the hell was wrong with him? He’d seen beautiful women in the last two years, but none had had this effect on his body.

* * *

Sofia had tossed and turned most of the night. After giving up on sleep, she had dressed and made herself a breakfast smoothie. Filled with unspent sexual energy, she put on her running shoes and started her run early. Normally running the short distance to Lindsey’s calmed her mind, but the moment she came upon Lindsey’s house and felt better, there he was working on his porch.
As she walked up Lindsey’s driveway, Sofia kept her eyes focused on her goal of reaching the door while feeling his eyes on her. When he spoke, she was forced to turn toward the sound. Arousal hit her immediately at the sight of him in his jeans and the way his T-shirt molded to his upper body. What she wouldn’t do to see those muscles bunch under his shirt once again.
Sofia couldn’t help but laugh at him. The man couldn’t decide whether to be mad at her or attracted to her, and she was sure he was just as affected as she was.
Sofia stepped onto the porch. “Hey, girl. Are you ready?”
Lindsey drained her mug. “What was that all about?”
“Let’s get going first,” Sofia said.
“Okay, I’ll be right back.” Lindsey ran inside.
Sofia glanced back at Noah. That man was unlike any other. No one, not even Miguel, her ex-fiancé, had made her body vibrate like Noah did. Too bad she had to tread carefully. She would have Lexi under her wing, and from past experience, she knew that juvenile delinquents could be emotionally unstable. She wanted to help the girl, and having a relationship, sexual or otherwise, with her father could make things worse.
Lindsey walked out and locked up. Sofia took one last look at Noah as he walked inside the house. She knew this could be her most challenging “case.”
“The usual route?” Lindsey asked, shaking out her muscles.
“Yup. If we want to make it to the Quarter, we don’t want to take the longer route.”
When they reached the street, they started to jog. Sofia controlled each breath and focused her energy into each stride. Today the humidity was low and the sun was shining through the trees lining the road. Without the shaded path, they wouldn’t be able to complete a steady run. A mile in, they settled into a comfortable pace.
“What happened at your place?” Lindsey asked between breaths.
“Lexi, the hunk’s daughter, vandalized my building.”
Lindsey’s steps faltered as that bit of news registered. “Wait, what? He has a kid?”
“Yup. She’s also incredibly talented.”
Lindsey raised an eyebrow at her. “Uh oh, what’s that supposed to mean?”
“Just that. I didn’t press charges. She’ll be doing community service with me instead.” Sofia picked up the pace.
Lindsey quickened her pace to keep up, clearly watching Sofia from the corner of her eye. Sofia observed her friend consider it from all sides. She liked to think that Lindsey understood her well enough to realize she’d made this choice for Lexi. The father—well, he provided eye candy. A slow, calculating smile formed on Lindsey before she hid her face from view.
The smile wasn’t lost on Sofia. This conversation was just in the beginning stages, same as whatever was happening between Noah and her. Once they hit their halfway marker, they headed back into town.
“Don’t let me forget to call my mom when we get to the Quarter. We’re meeting her for coffee and beignets on the way home,” Sofia said between breaths.
“Mmm, beignets… okay. Sounds good.” Lindsey glanced at her watch as a truck drove by on its way into town. “Guess we should speed up to prepare for them.”
Sofia nodded, and they picked up their pace to a run. They usually ran for endurance and not time, which allowed them to talk, but now they had no room for conversation. All their focus was on the road ahead as their legs ate up the distance to Lindsey’s house. The town grew bigger ahead of them, and Sofia’s affection for the small town made her heart swell. She hoped to one day meet a man and raise a family here. Her body thrummed as the image of green eyes, dark hair, and a purely male man came to mind.
Imagining what those rough, strong hands would feel like on her body, Sofia broke into a sprint. How his full lips would feel moving down her neck… her nipples tightened at the thought.
Sofia’s eyes focused ahead of her as she shook her mind free of the desire suffocating it. They turned onto Lindsey’s street, and what she saw didn’t help. Noah, now shirtless, was washing his truck. The breath she was barely taking in from her sprint caught and forced her body to stop. Bending over with her hands on her knees, she gulped in air and tried to calm her body.
Seconds later, Lindsey stopped next to her. Hands on her hips, Lindsey glared at Sofia as she tried to supply her muscles with the oxygen of which they had been deprived.
“What. The. Hell. Sof?” Lindsey panted.
Straightening, Sofia walked the last distance to Lindsey’s. “I felt like a double order,” she said, using the beignets as an excuse.
Lindsey looked at her with an eyebrow raised. “Yeah, sure.” She nodded toward the neighbor now facing them with his arms stretched overhead, using the hose to rinse off the suds. “By double order, you mean you were thinking about that sexy-ass man and that hose of his?”
Sofia choked on her laughter at her friend’s all-too-accurate comment. “Yeah, you caught me.” She placed her arm around her friend’s waist as they walked up the driveway. Laughing, she begged, “May I please have some water before I head home?”
“Yeah.”
They went inside, and Lindsey grabbed her a drink.

* * *

Noah watched them disappear into the house. He would be lying to himself if he denied that her laugh stirred something inside him. Well, something outside of him too. Looking down, he shifted his erection through his jeans to alleviate the pressure.
Earlier he had stepped outside to leave for the supermarket, but the sight of his neighbor and Sofia starting their run down the street had stopped him. The blue shirt Sofia wore molded to her torso as those shorts cupped her perky ass. His hands twitched with the need to grab those firm cheeks. He could thank the designer of those shorts for displaying every curve.
Noah stood transfixed as he watched them round the bend in the road and he could no longer see them. Looking at the time, he decided that he should wash the truck. Never know when it’s going to rain, right?
He shook his head at the blatant lie to himself. Their voices had traveled earlier, and he’d caught the mention of a shorter route. He had every intention of seeing that body on its return.
A throaty laugh drew Noah’s attention like a siren calling a man to his death. The sound aroused him and left him drying his truck with a raging hard-on. Desire hadn’t flicked through his body in two years, but picking up dinner at Whiskey’s and seeing that woman changed it all. His body’s reaction had been immediate, going from zero to sixty as blood rushed to his groin. His response had caught him off guard and left him stunned when he noticed her across the pub. He stood rooted to the spot, a blessing in disguise or else he would have grabbed her and hauled her off like a caveman.
As he finished drying the truck, the object of his desire walked outside the house. She waved at him then ran in the direction of her house, he assumed.
“I thought you were going to the store?” Lexi asked in a soft voice, choosing that moment to walk outside. She’d been quiet since her ride home last night.
Noah’s head had almost popped off when he received the sheriff’s call. How the hell had his daughter, the straight-A student who never talked back or stayed out past curfew, gotten to this point? The image of the orchid came to mind, and he remembered. His wife had died, that’s how. His baby girl had been hurting as much as he had. Images of his beautiful wife merged with the images of the siren who now occupied his thoughts.
If Lexi had painted anything but that orchid, he would have probably strangled her. But the wind left his sails the moment he’d seen the painting.
The beautiful young lady in front of him looked so much like her mother. She was the reason he’d moved them to St. Fleur. She deserved a new start. They deserved a new start. Vanessa would want them to be a family, but without her, it was hard. Things needed to change though, because he refused to let both of them down.
“I decided to wash the truck first.” He looked at his watch and realized it was lunch time. “Baby girl, you want to go get some lunch with me?” He held his breath as he waited for her response.
Lexi was visibly startled by her father’s question. “Yeah, sure, I could eat.”
A white flag was raised between father and daughter, a new chapter, and they both took a breath. His heart felt marginally lighter.
Chapter 5
The whole drive over to the Quarter, they talked about normal stuff with no mention of Noah. Lindsey excitedly told Sofia about a grant the library had received that would help buy a couple more computers. Sofia mentioned a few photo shoots that she was looking forward to.
Sofia pulled into a parking lot between the French Quarter and the Mississippi River then drove around until a spot opened up. With the sunshade in place, she took a quick look to make sure no valuables could be seen then stepped out of the car into the warm, humid day.
“So they want you to photograph the old woman’s birthday party?” Lindsey jumped right back into the topic at hand as she stepped out of the Caddy.
“Yeah. She’s turning eighty. Her daughter seemed sincere about it all—” Sofia called over the car’s hood.
“But?”
“But… the granddaughter-in-law? Is that even a term? Anyway, the daughter’s daughter-in-law was there. She gave me the vibe of being a money-hungry bitch waiting for the woman to die so she could get her hands on whatever inheritance existed. Her aura was this gold that, in her case, tells me she is very lavish. She probably hosts things to show off their wealth,” Sofia explained.
They neared Decatur Street, and the music that played on various street corners and out of shops grew louder. Lindsey rolled her eyes and cocked her eyebrow in disbelief. “It amazes me the amount of people who think that just because they marry into a family with money that they stand to get any. Ugh!” Lindsey fumed as a growl escaped her lips.
“I know. I could tell the daughter was placating the younger woman. I bet the son asked his mom to play nice. I have a feeling that when I meet the ‘birthday girl,’ she’ll be old but not dimwitted.” Sofia passed a man painted in silver doing the robot.
“Are there any other types of golds?” Lindsey dodged the crowd forming.
“Yeah, there are other golds. Sometimes I can see that color around artists, usually the perfectionists.” Sofia walked around two men sitting on a wall. One held a cardboard sign that read, “Why lie? I want to buy beer.”
“So where did you want to go first?” Lindsey asked as she looked ahead to their possibilities. Talk of auras, spirits, and supernatural things was as natural to them as talking about the weather.
“Well, I’d really like to find a painting, but I don’t want to walk around with it and dropping it off in the car is out of the question.”
“Okay, so let’s hit up the market first,” Lindsey offered, turning in that direction.
The women walked down the street, passing a variety of stores and street performers. They window-shopped as they made their way toward a series of vendors selling souvenirs in the form of shirts, key chains, shot glasses, and more. The face masks for sale reminded Sofia of the upcoming photo shoot with Daphne and Clinton.
“Don’t let me forget I need to get some masks. I think there’s a shop near Jackson Square that had some beautiful ones,” Sofia told her as they began browsing and melding into the heavily crowded tourist section.
After an hour of walking around the tourist trap, Lindsey purchased a fleur de lis key chain, a pair of sunglasses, a fleur de lis spoon holder for her stove, and a variety of seasonings she wanted to test out. Sofia found a mug in bright colors that said “New Orleans” and showcased the hot spots of the Big Easy, a pair of fleur de lis earrings, and hot sauce claiming to be as hot as the devil’s balls.
The day was gearing up to be a hot one with the humidity higher by the river. Carrying their shopping bags, they stopped at a vendor and bought a bottle of water and tea.
“Oh, look at those!” Sofia pointed at a store with intricate masks as she capped her raspberry tea bottle.
“Wow, beautiful. Won’t they cost a fortune though?”
Lindsey had a point. “I have an idea, but let’s first go see if I find ones I want.” Sofia took a quick peek into her purse and spotted what she needed. She closed her purse and walked into the store with masks decorating every surface.
Browsing, Sofia found a beautiful mask covered in black lace. Deep purple feathers swooped up over the right eye hole and became shorter as they reached the bridge of the nose. The same shade of purple created swirls at the bottom of the mask, each pointing toward the outer edge. A small purple jewel hung from the bridge of the nose. With its delicate and feminine design, Sofia could envision Daphne wearing it. A quick look at the price relieved Sofia. The mask was priced higher than she hoped to spend but not by a lot.
Conjuring up an image of Clinton, Sofia peered around for something with less flare to complement his cool personality. A deep blue color caught her eye. It would fit the man beautifully. Black satin wrapped the majority of the mask and a delicate deep blue lace formed the outline. A quick peek at the price tag revealed that this one fell in her budget.
Sofia approached the attendant with a green aura splattered with yellows. From the moment they’d stepped inside, the woman had kept a close eye on them.
“Hello, how can I help you?” the woman, who was around their own age, asked.
“Hi, I was wondering if your shop advertises?” Sofia asked the woman sporting black hair pulled into a ponytail, wisps of hot pink tinging the tips.
“Yes, we run a small ad in the paper and we have a website.” She handed Sofia a card with a clip art image on it. It was just what Sofia had hoped for.
Feeling more confident, Sofia asked, “Hmm… can I assume you’re the owner?”
“Yes, I am. Is there a problem?” The woman looked between them. When she drew herself up to her full height, her white sleeveless blouse exposed a sliver of pale skin above the thin material to her black skirt.
If she wasn’t careful, this woman would shut her down in an instant. Sofia’s eyes found Lindsey a few away. “Linz, come over here, please.”
Lindsey walked over with unsure steps.
Looking between her friend and the woman, Sofia spoke, “I believe she thinks we’re one of the many con artists who come through town.”
Sofia slid her card across the glass case as the woman narrowed her eyes at them. After pulling her phone out, Sofia flipped through the gallery to her favorite pictures.
“Orchid Photography?” The woman relaxed a little bit as she looked at Sofia with confusion.
“I’m a photographer. My business is in St. Fleur. I have an engagement shoot I’ll be doing, and I found two masks in here that I hoped to use. Problem is, they’re a bit too much for my budget. I was hoping we could come to some sort of deal.” Sofia turned her phone toward the woman and flipped through the images slowly. “Here is some of my work.”
“May I?” The woman picked up the phone and swiped through each image. “These are nice.”
Sofia watched as sadness clouded her eyes for a moment. Custom shops could charge more for their handmade crafts, but they didn’t always make enough to advertise properly. This only hurt them, since their business was singular.
“I can’t afford to pay for a photographer. What kind of deal do you propose?”
“Well, this particular couple is placing their engagement photo in the paper. If the masked picture is used, I’ll remind them to include a credit for the masks. If you can lower the cost of the masks, let’s say by twenty percent, I’ll offer you an hour-long photo shoot free of charge. I’ll also grant you a CD with the images and the copyright to them so long as you give Orchid Photography credit for the photos.”
The woman’s eyes rounded in surprise at the offer. She swiped through a few more pictures and handed the phone back. “I’ll give you twenty-five percent off if, in addition to what you just said, we continue a working relationship. You only use this store for masks, and I’ll send you clients as well.”
Sofia casually wiped the sweat off her palms and put out her hand. “Deal. I’m Sofia Brazier, by the way.” Sofia wrote her personal number and email on the back of the card.
“Anastasia Martin.”
“Anastasia, I’m interested in these two masks.” Sofia grabbed them both and brought them to the counter. “I was also wondering if you have masks for pets? A dog in particular.”
“A dog?” Anastasia giggled. “No, I don’t have any for pets in general. Do you know the breed?” she asked with a tilt of her head.
“Pit bull.”
“Hmm… give me a second.” Anastasia walked around the store, glancing at her products, then disappeared through a curtain to the back. She returned with a simple black mask that was smaller than most but with larger eye holes.
When Anastasia put it in Sofia’s hand, she noticed it wasn’t simply black. It had some subtle detailing. It was perfect for what she needed. Sofia laughed. “Wow, this will actually work.”
“I was playing around with sizes and made the eye holes a little too big. I couldn’t make myself throw it away either, so I finished it.” Anastasia smiled, her eyes sparkling with excitement.
“Well then, I’ll take all three. Call me when you want to set up that photo shoot, okay?”
After ringing up the orders, Sofia and Anastasia wrote and signed a simple contract, suggested by Lindsey. The women left and stepped back onto the street.
“Well, wasn’t that convenient?” Lindsey said.
“No kidding. It worked out that we both could use the business.” She smiled. “Now time for some art.”
Sofia relaxed as they perused the artists selling their work along the front of the church. The art was colored in vibrant reds, blues, purples, yellows, and greens. She loved most of them. Too bad she didn’t have the space or money for them all. One artist, in particular, had the style she wanted.
The artist stood back as tourists admired his work. Gold filled his aura, but unlike the money-grubbing granddaughter-in-law, his was thanks to his artistic gift. Sofia called him over when she spotted a piece she loved. The man was talented, but his prices were inflated to get more out of the tourists who came through. After negotiating the price down by fifty dollars, she watched him lovingly wrap the piece.
“Wow, that’s a beautiful painting.” Lindsey watched the image of brightly colored two-story buildings that belonged in the French Quarter disappear behind the brown paper.
“Yeah, it is.” Sofia handed the man money and took the painting from him.
“Time to go?” Lindsey asked as they turned onto the side street that would take them back to Decatur.
“Yeah, but we still have to meet my mom. Whom, of course, we forgot to call.” Sofia cursed under her breath and stopped under the shade to retrieve her cell phone. She called her mom and agreed to meet in an hour.
Before they walked away, a woman said to Sofia, “Excuse me, ma’am.”
She sat at a small table like someone would find in their backyard with two folding chairs. Sofia was surprised by the silver aura surrounding the woman, something rare for a self-proclaimed street psychic in the Quarter.
“He’s the one for you,” she said.
At that statement, both women bristled and looked at each other. Since neither friend had mentioned a man in hours, except for the artists and noticing a few of the performers on the street, they questioned who exactly “the one for you” was.
“Excuse me?” Sofia muttered.
“The man with the girl. He’s your other half,” the woman told her with kind, knowing eyes.
Sofia looked at Lindsey and stepped forward cautiously. “I’m not sure who you’re talking about. What man and what girl?”
The woman laughed, and her wise eyes sparkled. “Oh, but you do, honey. The man whose aura you don’t see.” At that, the woman winked.
Goose bumps covered Sofia’s body, and she licked her suddenly dry lips, wishing she still had her tea.
“Sit down, sit down. I’ve got your attention now, don’t I? I have the gift.” She looked left and right as she yelled, “Unlike these other nuts out here.” She harrumphed when a woman claiming to be psychic lost a possible client thanks to her remark.
Curiosity winning, Sofia sat down as requested in the small metal chair.
They sat in silence, observing each other for a few moments before the woman spoke. “You’ve been gifted with the ability to see auras, but this man’s is obscure to you?”
“Yes, I can’t see his aura. He’s the only person I’ve never been able to read,” Sofia whispered, sliding closer to the woman.
“Would you want your husband to be able to read your emotions? Good or bad?” The woman cocked her eyebrow.
“No, I suppose I wouldn’t. Not that I’d keep important stuff from him, but I can’t imagine each change in my emotions being helpful to him. I’d actually expect it to cause more problems,” Sofia rambled.
“Exactly. When my Richard was alive, I could only see faint signs of his aura and even then it was only when he was sick. Although when he permitted me, I could do readings on him as well. Soul mates are tuned into each other in such a way that auras are of no consequence. Being gifted like we are, it would only cause us needless problems.”
“Okay. Well, thank you.” Sofia pulled out a ten dollar bill and stood to leave.
“No, keep it. Whatever you do, don’t let him turn from you. He thinks he needs to be punished for what happened, but it’s not what the woman wants. The girl will come around as well. She just needs love.”
Sofia nodded, acknowledging she understood, and grabbed her bags. She took a step and noticed the woman grab Lindsey’s wrist as they crossed in front of her.
“You too have a gift, though not as developed as hers.” The woman nodded in Sofia’s direction. “Changes are coming to your life as well. He’ll be there soon enough.”
With that, she let go. Stunned and apparently not knowing what else to do, Lindsey nodded at the woman and quickened her pace. When they reached the main street, they looked over their shoulders and saw no sign of the old seer.
Sofia watched the people they passed in silence. Lindsey looked as confused as Sofia felt. Gifted people existed, she was proof of that, but Sofia was a natural skeptic. Lindsey had confided in her about moments when random information—things she had no reason to know—would “pop” in her mind. Hell, there were moments Sofia would pull information out of her ass that was spot-on. Other times, they had experienced unexplained drops in temperatures. Those were generally when a spirit visited. It was strange when it happened and so rare for her that she didn’t care to label herself by it. One thing she couldn’t deny was the rainbow of colors she saw daily around people. The only thing as natural as breathing to her was trusting her instincts.
As they approached the car, Sofia noticed Lindsey’s aura calm. Sofia felt the hamster in her own brain take off at rapid speeds as it attempted to process what the woman had dumped on them. The friends put their bags into the trunk and slid into their seats. For a minute or two, they sat with the windows down. The only sound was the AC cranked up as it chased the heat away.
“Well, this has been a special morning…” Sofia put the car in reverse.
Lindsey laughed at her understated comment. “Ugh, yeah, something like that. Only us, right?”
“No shit.” Sofia laughed and pointed the car at the exit. She looked at the console and noticed they would have just enough time to meet her mom if the traffic lights were in their favor. “While I’m glad to have some information about the auras, I’m ready to wash it all down with some coffee and beignets. I. Am. Starving!” Sofia’s stomach let out a loud growl of agreement as she maneuvered through the streets. “You haven’t met my mom yet, have you?”
“No. I was visiting my aunt in Alexandria the only time she’s come to visit you.” Lindsey shifted in her seat. “What’s she like?”
“I couldn’t tell you. She’s been so hot and cold since I decided to look for my biological mom seven years ago.” Sofia’s heart ached from all the ups and downs they had experienced since the day she came home and told her mom what she was going to do. At least she’d had the decency to give her a heads-up.
“Well, that sucks. You had every right to find her. It’s not like you quit loving her because you were trying to find your biological family.”
Lindsey always understood her unspoken feelings, and Sofia smiled at her friend in thanks.

* * *

As soon as Sofia pulled into the parking lot, she spotted her mom’s Honda Accord. It was a champagne color and still held up after many years of use. She wasn’t surprised the car was empty. It was too hot to sit in the car, and gas cost too much to sit in it with the AC running.
Scanning the customers of the small restaurant, Sofia spotted her mom in the middle. Waves of auburn hair tumbled to her shoulders. Jeans and a white polo shirt fit her small frame, and her pale pink toes peeked out of sandals. Looking up from her phone, her mouth turned up in a smile as she noticed her daughter.
“Hi, Mom.” Sofia bent down and kissed her cheek. “This is my friend, Lindsey, that I told you about. Lindsey, this is my mom, Olivia Brazier.”
“Nice to meet you, Mrs. Brazier.” Lindsey extended her hand in greeting.
“Please call me Olivia. Nice to meet you too, Lindsey,” she told her, returning her hand to her lap.
The waitress dressed in a white paper hat, white shirt, and black pants spotted their arrival and walked to their table. After they placed their order for three orders of beignets, two coffees, and an orange juice with the woman, she walked away.
“How are you doing, honey? I’ve missed you!” Olivia asked, her hazel eyes filled with concern as she placed a hand on Sofia’s knee.
“I’m good, Mom. You could always pack a bag and come stay a weekend.”
The waitress placed their drinks down on her way to clean up the latest powdered sugar mess.
“How are you supposed to meet a nice man and start a family in that small hillbilly town?” Olivia grumbled as she stirred sugar into her coffee.
Lindsey choked on her juice at the mention of a nice man.
Sofia glared at her before turning back to her mom. “Mom, St. Fleur isn’t a hillbilly town. I’ve told you that. It’s a very nice and friendly place. You’d like it if you visited for more than one meal.”
Olivia glowed with excitement, and Sofia realized her error in not addressing the first part. Olivia’s face lit up with a smile, removing years from it. “You met someone?”
“Uh, yes—no. Not like you think,” Sofia stammered.
“What kind of answer is that? Lindsey, what is my flustered daughter talking about?” Never one to talk in circles, Olivia cut straight to the chase.
The orders of beignets arrived and were placed in front of each of them as Sofia glared at Lindsey.
“Well, ma’am, um, there is a new man in town—a hunk really—but his daughter just vandalized Sof’s building.”
Olivia blew out a gust of air in exasperation, blowing the powdered sugar off her beignets everywhere. “Sofia Lynette! Really? Of all the people? You would be attracted to a delinquent’s father. You are too young to be with a man who has a daughter. One with criminal tendencies at that. What are you thinking?”
Sofia swallowed the bite she was working on, kicked Lindsey in the shin, and placed her hand on her mother’s hand punctuating each point she made with a frantic movement. “Mom! I am not seeing anyone. There is an attractive man who happens to have a daughter who decided to use my building as a canvas. He isn’t old. He’s around our age.” Sofia waved between Lindsey and herself. “I wish you could have seen it. She has a lot of talent. I plan on mentoring her.”
Sofia picked up her coffee as a shield, letting the warmth soothe her. Looking over her mug, she watched Lindsey fiddling with the last beignet on her plate. Oh, she should strangle her.
A deep sigh escaped Olivia. “Well, I don’t like the sound of it at all. I suggest you don’t get involved with him.” As a thought occurred to her, she leaned in, “You know who’s coming back to town? Gregory.” She smiled and raised her eyebrows at Sofia.
“Oh, Mom, no. Please stop. I know you mean well, but I don’t need your matchmaking. I especially don’t want any matchmaking to an arrogant ass.”
“Sofia, language! He is a nice young man. I don’t understand why you didn’t date him.”
“Well, if we ignore the fact that he is indeed an arrogant ass, he’s also a lying sack of—”
“Sofia Lynette!”
“Dung! He’s a lying sack of dung who took me out on a date, kissed me, and forgot to mention he had a girlfriend. So no, I will not date Gregory.” Looking at Lindsey, Sofia found her friend’s eyes filled with humor.
“Oh…” Olivia’s lips stayed rounded into an “o.”
Sofia’s shoulders sagged. “Mom, I know you mean well, and I love you for it—really, I do—but please stay out of my love life. Or lack thereof, since it doesn’t even exist at this present time.” Softening the blow Sofia held one of her mother’s hands in both of hers.
“Okay, honey. I’m sorry. I just miss you, and I don’t want you to be lonely.” Olivia’s eyes sparkled with unshed tears.
“I’m not lonely, Mom. I have friends like Lindsey and Jaime Lynn. The business is doing great, and I meet interesting people all the time. And yes, there is a new hunk of a man who has provided some eye candy, but that’s it. Lexi, his daughter, is hurting, I don’t know about what yet, but I really do think she’s a good kid I could help.”
“Okay. I trust you, honey,” Olivia told her with a tight nod.
“The crazy part is of all the things she could have painted, it was an orchid. It was a beautiful rendition. You’d have loved it. I think it means something to her, maybe even to Noah. He seemed to deflate when he saw it.” Sofia traced an invisible orchid on the napkin.
“Do we know anything about the mom?” Lindsey asked, jumping into the safe topic.
“I haven’t heard anything.” Sofia searched for answers in her coffee mug. “My guess is she’s out of the picture or dead.” Tension built around them as Sofia’s mood became serious.
“Lindsey, what do you do?” Olivia asked, changing the subject.
“I’m a librarian. I run the local library,” Lindsey said with a big smile.
“Oh? I can’t imagine there being a library outside of the schools there. Does it stay busy?” Olivia asked.
“Well, if I shut it down for a day without prior notice, I’d have complaints. We hold story time for the little ones and various groups use us as a place to meet. We also supplement books to the schools since they don’t have a varied selection.”
After ordering another round of drinks, the women shared a few more laughs. The conversation strayed from Lindsey to local news and gossip. Sometime later, Sofia reminded her mom to come visit her soon before they said their good-byes.
Chapter 6
The weekend came and went for Noah. Lunch with Lexi had been a big step in the right direction, but a lot of silence had flowed between them at the town pub. She’d quit staring daggers at him and looking at him as though he’d kicked her nonexistent puppy. In his mind, that was all a good sign. Although, he was still pissed about her little rebellious act on Sofia’s building.
He hadn’t seen Sofia since Saturday morning and didn’t want to admit to himself that he had watched the house next door all weekend. Disappointment filled him from not seeing the woman, which only brought on a rush of guilt for even thinking about another woman.
Now Monday, his nerves were wrecked by the thought of seeing her. He was supposed to pick up Lexi after she put in some hours in the afternoon, and he was attempting to keep his mind busy. Fixing Ms. Rose’s toilet wasn’t the distraction he needed. Luckily, he was putting in some hours with his best friend Marc’s construction company out in Metairie.
It seemed like forever ago since he’d separated from the Air Force—where he worked as a cop—but in reality, it had only been since Vanessa’s untimely death. After separating, he’d felt lost and didn’t know what he wanted to do. Thanks to Ms. Rose and Sheriff Randy, he became the town’s handyman after one job here and there, turning it into his new career. He supplemented his funds by working with Marc’s company occasionally, but let’s face it—once a cop, always a cop. He missed it, but he’d promised Lexi, and himself, that he’d always be there for her. He wouldn’t have been able to keep that promise with the rotation of deployments that fell on security forces.
Noah had chosen the town of St. Fleur after considering hundreds of government jobs in various cities. The possibility of joining a police force never crossed his mind though. Working as a handyman could leave things tight financially, but the close proximity to New Orleans and even Baton Rouge allowed him to work out of town. Fortunately, he and Vanessa had been frugal with their money. Buying his home had been easy, and if he needed it, he still had money to lean on. St. Fleur gave him space from his family’s constant hovering but didn’t cut them off entirely.
Driving past Sofia’s closed sign on his way to a job, Noah became consumed with frustration. A quick glance at the time told him she was probably out getting lunch, but the rational thought didn’t stop his foul mood. He longed to see her blue-green almond-shaped eyes and… dammit! He had to quit thinking about Sofia and her exotic face. He groaned and hit the steering wheel as his mind moved onto the luscious body he couldn’t quit dreaming about. Thanks to that woman, he walked around with an embarrassing hard-on just about every moment of the day. She was off-limits, but his dick didn’t seem to care.
Before pulling onto the highway, Noah picked up the phone and let Marc know he was on his way.

* * *

Sofia grabbed the next set of SD cards and backed them up to her external hard-drive. She was excited to work with Lexi and had spent her Sunday thinking of ways to put her to use. No shoots were scheduled until later in the week, and having an assistant for them would help move things along. Lexi would miss one since she would be in school, but the others would work. Although, Sofia would have to talk to Noah about the shoot on Saturday in New Orleans.
The thought of Noah made her stomach flip. In addition to Lexi, Noah had occupied her thoughts all weekend for a whole different set of reasons. Sofia had attempted to ignore what the woman in the square had said about Noah’s muted aura. Sofia wasn’t naïve. Many people who claimed to be psychic were more con artists than gifted, but the woman was spot on. They hadn’t approached her, and her instincts and aura-reading skills told Sofia she was the real deal.
Sofia tried to shrug off those possibilities. Thinking about it was pointless. Kind of like planning your wedding without being engaged. Anyhow, who said she even wanted to be with Noah?
She straightened her back, determined not to think about him. Sofia picked up the hard drive and walked to the fireproof safe where she stored her camera and important images. Just as she set the lock on the safe, the door chimed.
“I’ll be right there!” Sofia called, closing the safe’s door. Walking into the front room, all her determination flew out the window at the sight of Lexi.
Dressed in a vintage Beach Boys T-shirt, dark jeans, and her Converse shoes, Lexi stood in the middle of the room looking around, lost in the sea of portraits that decorated the walls.
“Hello, Lexi.”
Startled, Lexi’s ponytail flew around as she turned to Sofia, revealing a fresh makeup-free face. “Hi.” Lexi’s eyes moved from Sofia back to the pictures. “Did you take all of these?”
“Yes. This one here is my favorite.” Sofia stepped toward the image of the bride on the wall.
Lexi looked from the bride to the others. “I think I like this one the best,” she admitted, pointing at the old woman.
“Why?” Sofia moved next to Lexi. “Why’s it your favorite?” After looking at the portrait a moment, Sofia turned and faced the young girl.
“Well, the black and white makes each line in her face stand out. It, uh, captures her and keeps her frozen in time. Her smile is incredibly sweet. She makes me think of a grandmother who would tell a kid stories or bake cookies with them,” Lexi said.
Sofia smiled. “That’s exactly why I fell in love with that picture. You have an eye for beauty. Please sit down.” Sofia gestured to the chair next to her desk.
Lexi followed her to the back corner where Sofia had set up her laptop on the desk. Lexi took sure steps, her confidence unwavering. She showed no fear and lacked the typical defensive teen stance when facing a punishment.
“Okay, we both know why you’re here. Before we get started on what I’d like from you today, I know you don’t know me and don’t trust me, but do you care to tell me why you did what you did?” Sofia asked as she seamlessly fell back into the role of a probation officer.
The girl looked over Sofia’s shoulder with a faraway look.
Sofia gave her a few minutes to gather her thoughts. “Lexi?”
“Sorry. Um. I don’t know,” Lexi answered, shifting her eyes. “I am sorry.” Her brown eyes made contact with Sofia’s. For a second, Lexi’s eyes filled with unshed tears before she briefly closed them and cleared them. If Sofia hadn’t been watching, she would have missed the emotion.
“Okay. I will tell you one thing—I won’t accept any lies from you while you work with me. If you don’t want to tell me why, say so. In time, you’ll see that you can confide in me. I don’t think you’re a bad kid. I’ve worked with enough of them to know the difference. You did a stupid thing, but I want to give you the opportunity to make things right.”
Lexi held the eye contact, and Sofia saw her accept the truth in Sofia’s words. Lexi nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
“You are a creative and talented person, and I plan to put those skills to use.” Sofia pulled out a tablet, notepad, and pen. “I need you to find some locations where I can do photo shoots. Please use the tablet to look up information. Write down the places you find and any contact information that will be useful.” She handed the things to Lexi, who sat in a chair at the edge of the desk.
“Okay,” Lexi drawled with surprise at the task.
Sofia hid a smile as she realized the girl had expected worse. “Unless you’d rather clean the bathroom, kitchen, or maybe even pass out fliers?” Sofia teased.
“No! This-this is fine.” Lexi pulled the items closer.
“If you have any questions, feel free to ask. If you’re thirsty, you can grab a drink from the table, and you can leave your stuff in the kitchen. I’ll be sitting here editing photos in the meanwhile.” Sofia turned to her laptop.
With her backpack in hand, Lexi walked away and headed for the back rooms. On one side was a photo studio the size of a small bedroom. A variety of backdrops, props, and a lighting kit sat to one side. A spot in the middle of the room had been designated with an X for those getting photographed. Through another door, Lexi would find the small kitchen where Sofia told her to leave her things. It had enough room for the table and two chairs that occupied the wall opposite the fridge, sink, and cabinets.
Sofia stared at the screen as Lexi returned. A photo of a girl, Lexi’s age, was open. She watched from the corner of her eye as Lexi looked over the room. After a moment, the teen walked to the drink table and grabbed a bottle of water.
Placing the bottle at her feet, Lexi sat down, then she pulled up the web browser on the tablet. She wasn’t a delinquent, Lexi had simply made a mistake. One that would have been handled differently had she been caught red-handed by a big city cop. From the corner of her eye, Sofia watched Lexi diligently look from the framed pictures to the ones being worked on. Sofia occasionally glanced at Lexi and the tablet to make sure she wasn’t on Facebook or checking her email. For two hours, they worked side by side.
Sofia saved her work and shut her laptop down. Leaning back in the chair, she observed Lexi, who was focused on her notes. Sofia realized she’d been caught staring when Lexi set down her pen and looked up.
Sofia pointed toward the notepad. “What did you find?”
“Well, I had a hard time starting because I wasn’t sure what you wanted. I tried thinking of places where I’d want to be photographed, and that helped. I searched for plantations that are within an hour of here and made a list.”
“Smart girl. You can actually make that a two-hour window from here.” Sofia watched as Lexi made a note on the pad. “Anything else?”
“I brainstormed general places like parks, natural waters, tourist locations, any monuments, or museums. I’ll look up places off that list next,” Lexi said with bright eyes and excitement in her voice.
“That’s great. You can start on that tomorrow. Do you know when your dad’s coming to get you?” Sofia cleared her throat, hoping it would erase the eagerness from her voice at the thought of the girl’s father.
Lexi looked at the clock with surprise. “Um, I’m not sure, but I can just walk home if you’re done with me today.”
“Don’t be silly. I have beef stew in the Crock-Pot, and it should be done by now. Let’s close up and go upstairs to eat. I’ll put a note on the door for your dad. After we eat, you can work on your homework until he comes to get you.”
“No, I don’t want to impose. I’m used to being home alone. It’s okay,” Lexi whispered as she examined her hands.
“You won’t be imposing. It’ll be nice to have some company.” Sofia stood and started closing down.
She closed the blinds and put a note on the door that told Noah to go to the back door for Lexi. The closed sign went up, and the coffee and kettle machines were unplugged, then she ushered Lexi to the door that led upstairs. Her backpack in hand, Lexi followed Sofia up the stairs.
“It smells great!” Lexi blurted as the aroma of the stew greeted them.
“It sure does. I’m starving,” Sofia said and noticed Lexi checking out the apartment.
“Want a tour?” Sofia asked, removing her shoes.
“Sure. Your place is really nice. Dad doesn’t have a touch for—” Lexi waved her hand at Sofia’s more feminine touches.
“Thanks, come on.” Sofia gave her a small smile wishing she could soothe the sadness that accompanied her comment.
Lexi followed Sofia and saw a variety of art throughout the apartment. “These are really nice.”
Sofia entered the kitchen. “Thanks, I love collecting pieces from the local artists down in the French Quarter.” She stirred the stew then added water to the rice cooker and turned it on. “The rice will be ready in twenty minutes.”
“Okay.” Lexi looked around and noticed the breakfast table against the window.
Sofia watched Lexi place a napkin at each placemat before putting her hands on her hips. Twirling around, Lexi’s eyes darted from one cabinet drawer to the other until Sofia opened the silverware drawer. Lexi smiled in thanks and grabbed spoons for each of them then placed them on the table.
“Thanks! What do you want to drink? I have soda, water, and milk.” Sofia leaned back against the counter.
“Soda, please.”
Grabbing two sodas from the fridge, Sofia headed toward the small table. “How do you like St. Fleur? I bet it’s hard being the new girl at school.”
With nothing else to do, Lexi sat at the table and opened her soda. “I’m used to being the new girl, so it’s not too bad.”
Happy to see the teen opening up, Sofia continued. “You’re used to being the new girl? How’s that?”
“Dad was in the Air Force. I’ve been to…four schools now.” She shrugged and looked out the window.
“Oh. That must have been hard.”
“Nah, I’m used it. You learn quickly who the bitches are and avoid them.” Realizing her error, Lexi looked at Sofia with horror and blurted, “Sorry!”
Sofia nodded at the apology. “I’ve only been here two years myself.”
“Two years?” Lexi asked her with surprise, turning from the window to Sofia. “But-but you seem so at home here, as if you were born and raised.”
“Nope. I was born in New Orleans and raised in Metairie. I needed a change and liked what St. Fleur could offer me. So I took a chance on this building and tried something new. I can’t imagine being anywhere else,” she said as she grabbed and filled plates.
“Wow.” Lexi took the plate offered and inhaled the delicious aroma. “Mmm, this smells really good!”
“Thanks, I hope you enjoy the taste as much as the smell.” Sofia winked and delved into her own meal. “What kind of food does your dad make?”
“Steak. He also cooks a mean burger, but that’s about it.” Lexi shrugged.
“Oh man, that has got to get old quick.” Sofia swallowed and looked at Lexi, “How about you? Did—uh—did your mom teach you how to cook?”
Lexi glanced up from her plate before looking back down, pushing her food around. “I can cook macaroni and cheese, chicken, chicken nuggets and hot dogs. Nothing like this yummy stew.”
“Well, we can’t have that. I’ll have to show you some simple meals you can put together sometime.” Sofia smiled, sending her a wink.
They ate in companionable silence with few words spoken. Sofia sat back with her soda when she’d finished her meal. Today she had learned there was a lot to the girl in front of her. Her instincts about the girl were right. She wasn’t a criminal in the making but a teen crying for help. A knock on the door drew her attention away from Lexi. Sofia looked back at Lexi, noticing she had become withdrawn. Sofia put her dishes in the sink on the way to the door.
Finding Noah on the other side wasn’t a surprise. What was a surprise was her body’s reaction. It didn’t seem to matter how many times she saw him, her body reacted each time. A strong need to be in his arms overcame her as she vibrated with sexual awareness. A layer of sawdust covered his shirt, jeans, and boots, and he smelled of dust, sweat, and man. It was intoxicating. She had never been one to enjoy the smell of dirty, sweaty man, but this one seemed to break all her norms.

* * *

Sofia opened the door in a plum sleeveless button-up blouse tucked into a black pencil skirt. Her tongue darted out and ran along her lips. Shifting his weight from one leg to the other, Noah shoved his hands in his pockets. One thing was for sure—the woman was going to kill him. Sofia stood barefoot in the doorway, and he managed to dwarf her just-above-average height. He took a moment to appreciate the rise and fall of her large breasts before his eyes traveled back to her eyes. Desire reflected in them. He was sure she’d find the same in his own.
“Hello, Noah. Please come in.” She turned and went inside.
“I’m sorry I’m late picking up Lexi,” he said, following her. His eyes traveled down the firm body in front of him. The instant they landed on her round, firm ass, his dick hardened. He shifted himself to avoid embarrassment.
“Don’t be. We were just finishing up dinner. She’s been a pleasure,” Sofia told him over her shoulder.
Noah barely registered where he was when her scent drifted to him. She wore a soft perfume, but it mingled with her own smell of peaches. He’d never liked the smell of perfume, but whatever the mix coming off Sofia was had him wanting to see if she tasted as good as she smelled. The thought of savoring her skin, especially the sensitive spot at the back of her neck that he bet would make her shiver, made his erection swell further.
“Lexi, your dad is here,” Sofia said, entering the kitchen. “Have you eaten dinner?” she asked Noah as she dug around in her cabinets.
The mention of Lexi was like a bucket of cold water thrown on him. Good. He shouldn’t be thinking about any woman other than his little princess.
“Oh, you don’t have to trouble yourself,” he told Sofia when he spotted her filling an extra container with stew. His stomach growled in protest as it registered the smell. A home-cooked meal that he didn’t prepare and didn’t come from the pub? He barely held back a groan. He bent and kissed Lexi on the cheek. “Hi, baby girl.”
“Hi, Dad.” Lexi took her dishes to the sink then washed them and set them to dry on the rack.
Neither told Lexi not to wash the dishes. Noah saw Sofia’s pleased smile as Lexi took the initiative. He was glad to see his daughter helping out after having a meal at Sofia’s.
Noah glanced around the bright kitchen. The walls were painted a cheerful yellow, the counters were white marble, and her cabinets were a pale wood. The appliances were steel and had been recently upgraded. In the corner was the simple breakfast table they had been eating at. She kept the décor simple with grapes and vines. The counters were clean of clutter save for one counter where a phone, keys, and purse sat. The woman was organized, that was for sure.
Standing in the corner, he watched them work seamlessly. His chest tightened, and he ignored any possible reason for it. After Sofia put a portion aside for him, she put the leftovers into containers and placed them next to the fridge to cool. Lexi removed the empty liner from the Crock-Pot and threw it out. Sofia grabbed a paper towel and spray and wiped down the counters. He felt useless.
Noah turned to the other doorway and peered in. The room wasn’t overly feminine, but the simple touches made his heart ache for Vanessa. A beige leather couch was pushed up against one wall under a large mirror. Matching throw pillows lay by the armrests, and a burgundy throw had been thrown on it haphazardly. In the last two years, his own home had lost these feminine touches without Vanessa's presence.
“I’ll be in the car,” Lexi called out just before the door closed.
His eyes scanned the room and noticed the simple blond-colored coffee table and matching side tables with black lamps.
“She’s a good kid,” Sofia whispered from behind him.
Noah’s body tightened with need at the sound of her voice. A fog lifted as he focused on the entertainment table that held a large flat screen TV, DVD player, and a receiver for the speaker set.
Noah hadn’t even realized he’d walked into the living room. “She is. It’s why I was so surprised that she painted your building. She’s been withdrawn and acting out in small ways, but not like that.” Noah sighed with defeat. “She hates me…” He didn’t know why he’d just poured out those thoughts.
“She doesn’t hate you. Why would you think that?” Sofia asked.
Turning, he found her watching him with an emotion he couldn’t describe. “I wasn’t there when her mother was murdered. I should have been there. Had I been home, Vanessa wouldn’t have gone to the store for milk and gotten killed in a carjacking because I would have picked up the milk on my way home. But I was deployed, and I couldn’t get home to Lexi for two weeks…” Noah’s pain was still there, but it wasn’t as strong as the guilt that still ate at him.
Stepping forward, Sofia wrapped her arms around his waist and placed her head on his chest. His steady heart beat under her cheek as his short breaths filled his body. Sofia’s touch absorbed the pain traveling through him, her touch a balm he hadn’t expected. Noah couldn’t believe he’d told her any of it. Since he’d refused counseling, he had never mentioned any of this to anyone. Yet here he stood in Sofia’s apartment, and everything came tumbling out. He couldn’t seem to stop himself. Her warm body wrapped around him, driving out the cold that had been lying dormant. Without prompting, his arms held her to him. She was soft where he was hard, reminding him he hadn’t held a woman in a long time.
She comforted him, and he took the gift she offered. They stood like that for a minute before Sofia pulled back and looked into his eyes, igniting the fire that would consume them. His mouth came down on hers, ravishing her. Her startled gasp created an invitation, and he slipped his tongue in to taste all of her. She tasted sweet, like honey. Her smooth tongue glided along his and gave back as much as he did. In the back of his mind, he knew he shouldn’t be kissing this woman, but his body latched on, devouring her like food or water.
His hands slid down her back to her sides. Grabbing her hips, he pulled her core against his straining erection. Sofia clung to him. The bite of her fingers on his shoulders produced a deep growl as he ravished her mouth. Their bodies fused together so tightly that he couldn’t have slid a sheet of paper between them.
Drunk off the kisses, Noah’s hands ran down her sides to her hips. The feel of his erection against her was too much, he wished he could feel more—feel all of her.
Her hips began moving, looking for relief. Noah hissed out shallow breaths the moment he felt Sofia grind against his dick. The sound brought him back to the present, reminding him of where he was and why. Placing his forehead against hers, his eyes closed as he tried to calm his raging hormones. Glancing down, he stared into the depth of Sofia’s blue-green eyes. They reflected the same wild, just barely contained desire. He was relieved to know that he wasn’t the only one affected by their crazy attraction.
“I…” Noah cleared his throat, shame washed over him when he realized he’d almost taken Sofia with his daughter waiting in the car. Her rosy and plump lips were proof he had been rough with her. Noah rubbed the pad of his thumb across her lower lip. “I’m sorry… I hope I didn’t hurt you. I should have never…” He stepped back from Sofia and shook his head. “Thanks for feeding Lexi. Good night.” Noah just about ran out of the apartment.

* * *

At the sound of the door closing, Sofia sat on the edge of the couch. After Lexi had walked out, she found him standing in her living room, lost in his thoughts. Her heart broke at the grief and guilt that consumed him. She couldn’t bear the heartache that Noah and Lexi had been living with.
Feeling his pain, she hadn’t been able to stop herself from wrapping her arms around him. She had been worried for two seconds that he would push her away. Shocking them both, he not only didn’t push her away, he held her to him.
That was until the simple act of comfort became more—so much more. Her fingertips came to her lips where she could still feel his lips ravishing her. That was the only way to describe his kiss. No other man had made her feel like he needed her to breathe.
The feeling was intoxicating. Coupled with the feeling of his hard, thick length against her, she couldn’t have stopped her hips and core from seeking out more, needing him to fill her.
When Noah had stepped away from her, he drew all her warmth with him. Sofia hugged herself, hoping to hold in some of the heat, but it was useless. That kiss changed everything.
Chapter 7
Climbing into the truck, Noah tried ignoring his body. He felt as though he had kicked a dog from the way he’d denied himself the pleasure of Sofia’s body. Turning the key in the ignition, he glanced at Lexi playing a game on her phone.
“So how’d it go today?” Noah muttered, backing up the truck.
“Good.”
“Do you have homework?”
“Yes.”
Noah raked a hand through his hair. Her one-word replies would drive him to drink one day. He took a deep breath. “Lex, I’m trying here.”
Silence.
“What did Sofia have you do? Clean toilets? Wash windows? Count paper clips?”
Lexi laughed and looked at him. Noah watched the laughter leave her face and thought about his baby girl. Noah wasn’t stupid. The way their relationship had gone after Vanessa’s death was his fault. His grunt replies and half-hearted questions since moving back to Louisiana had pushed her away. Noah’s love for Lexi was undeniable, but when Vanessa had died, a part of him had died as well. His grief changed him, making it so Lexi lost not just one parent but both of them.
“Uh, actually no. I did research for her.”
He turned onto their street. “What do you mean, research?”
“I googled locations for photo shoots. I looked up plantations today. I plan on looking up parks, water spots, museums, stuff like that tomorrow.”
Noah looked at Lexi and was thrown by the excitement he saw in her eyes. She could have been looking up inmates, and he wouldn’t have cared as long as he could hear a little bit of the old Lexi. If a couple of hours with Sofia did this, he could only imagine what more time with her would accomplish. But she was wreaking havoc on his body, so while Lexi got rebooted, he needed to avoid the sexy woman.
He parked in his driveway and they made their way up the stairs. Once he’d pushed open the door and motioned for Lexi to enter, she shoved something into his hands. Looking down, he found that while he might have run out of the apartment as though the hounds of hell were chasing him, Lexi had made sure to grab the food Sofia had set aside for him.
“Thanks.” He stepped inside and closed the front door. “Are you going to go do your homework?” He removed his boots and put them on the shoe rack in the foyer.
“Yeah. I’m going to shower first though.” She grabbed her backpack after placing her shoes next to her dad’s and headed upstairs.
Noah took the food to the kitchen and set it at the breakfast bar, then he grabbed a spoon and a beer. After the first bite, he knew he was a goner. Not only was the woman gorgeous, but she was giving his kid a break, she kissed like a goddess, and God save him—she could cook. He moaned around the next bite just before he scrubbed his face with his hands.
“What am I supposed to do now?” he growled to himself.

* * *

Sofia had managed to keep it together every day since that kiss. It probably helped that Noah was avoiding her. So far, each day Noah texted Lexi at six o’clock on the dot to say that he was outside in the truck. Sofia drew comfort from that. The man had her on edge ever since that scorching kiss in her living room.
The front door chimed, and Sofia checked her watch. She bit into a carrot just as Lexi entered and placed her backpack in its usual spot.
“Hi, Lexi,” Sofia said between carrots.
Lexi grabbed a handful of carrots from the bag Sofia offered. “Hi, Sofia.”
“Did you have a good day?”
“Mmhmm,” she mumbled as she chewed.
Sofia noticed a slight blush on her cheeks. “Oh. So nothing new or exciting today?”
Lexi shrugged her shoulder. “I plead the fifth?”
Laughing at the girl, Sofia mentally applauded her for not lying. Sofia tuned into her aura and saw that the blush was most likely thanks to a boy. “Come on, I’ve got a client who’s coming in in twenty. You get to help me with a photo shoot today.” She put the bag in the fridge.
Sofia went into the studio and began prepping. “Those are the props I’ve gathered so far. These are backdrops. I have mainly solid colors like black, white, marble gray, a brown beige one, and just a few of the cheesy ones for kids,” she told Lexi as she pointed out the areas. “Honestly, I’ve never had a helper here in the studio, so you might end up just watching, but I want you in here just in case. Maybe you’ll learn something new.”
Lexi nodded and walked around the room, studying the props. “So what kind of shoot is this?”
“Senior pictures for Jaxson Jolie.” Sofia watched for the realization to kick in. Jaxson was one of the more popular kids at the high school and was a good-looking guy.
“Jaxson… Jolie…?” Lexi stammered like a blubbering idiot.
Sofia laughed. “Lexi and Jaxson sitting in a tree…”
Lexi looked mortified.
“I’m just teasing you, Lex,” Sofia said between laughs.
The doorbell chimed, and Lexi stood as straight as a pin. Sofia stopped laughing and placed her hand on Lexi’s shoulder. She squeezed it before she walked away.
“Hi, Jax. Come on back, hon,” Sofia told the boy in the doorway.
“Hi, Ms. Brazier.” He strode in with a garment bag over his arm. He wore dark blue slacks, black dress shoes, and a white button-up long-sleeved shirt. His sandy-blond hair was clean and had been recently cut. He gave Sofia a kiss on the cheek and entered the studio.
“Jaxson, this is Lexi. She’s my assistant.” Sofia’s introduction landed on deaf ears as the teens eyed each other.
He said, “Hi.”
Lexi mumbled, “Hey,” just before she turned to the backdrops and grabbed a marble gray one. After pulling it forward, Lexi cleared her throat and looked from Jaxson’s body to the backdrops. “How’s this, Sofia?”
She had to give it to the girl for pushing her attraction aside and getting straight to work. Jaxson, on the other hand, struggled to keep his eyes from running up and down her body. Ah, teenage hormonal angst at its best. Sofia covered a giggle with a cough as she got back to work.
“Yes, that one is a great start.” Sofia watched Lexi pull the backdrop all the way out and set it up. The girl was a natural. Sofia picked up her camera and checked the SD Card.
Jaxson pulled out a tie and cleared his throat. “I don’t suppose you know how to tie a tie?”
Sofia looked at Lexi, who stared at the tie as if it were a snake.
“Umm… I can. My mom always had me practice on Dad.” Lexi took the tie from his hand.
Ignoring the attraction between the teens, Sofia told Jaxson to sit once his tie was on. Lexi stood back and watched as Sofia took a variety of pictures. They changed the backdrop twice, but the first one Lexi picked had been the best one.
It wasn’t long before the shoot was done. Lexi unplugged the lights and put the backdrop away. Jaxson placed his suit jacket back in the garment bag and loosened the tie. He took one last glance at Lexi.
“Bye, Lexi,” he called, giving the girl a devastating smile.
“Bye,” Lexi answered with a shy smile.
He kissed Sofia on the cheek. “Thanks, Ms. Brazier. Mom said to send her the bill.”
“You’re welcome, sweetie. Please tell your mom hello.” Sofia waited until Jaxson had walked out of the building. “He’s a good-looking young man…”
Lexi blushed. “Yeah, I guess.”
“He’s a good kid. Do you have any classes with him?”
“No, he’s a senior and I’m a sophomore. I just see him around school. He collects the attendance sheets from the teachers during sixth period.”
“Oh okay.” Sofia looked around the room to make sure everything was in order when an idea formed. “Lexi, you’ve done great these last couple of days. I have a little project for you.” She handed Lexi the camera, and Lexi looked confused. Sofia grabbed an SD card from her stack and passed it to her. “I want you to walk down Main Street and take pictures. I’ll give you thirty minutes, then I want you back. You know my camera is important to me, but I trust you with it.”
“Um, okay? Is there something specific you want?”
“Nope. Just whatever inspires you. Anything you feel deserves being photographed.”
Lexi put the strap around her neck, nodded at Sofia, and walked outside.

* * *

Forty-five minutes later, Lexi returned. Knowing all too well how one could get lost in time when they were photographing, Sofia hadn’t been concerned.
“I’m so sorry, Sofia.” Lexi handed the camera over. “You said thirty minutes and it’s past that.”
Waving the apology away, Sofia asked, “Did you have fun? Any good shots?”
Sofia removed the SD card and put it in her laptop. Flipping through the pictures, Sofia was pleased with her little experiment.
“You did a great job, Lex. I wanted to see how you fared. You have an eye for beauty and did a great job capturing it. I especially like this candid in front of the hardware store of Old Man Bert and Max talking on the bench.” Sofia tweaked the picture from color to black and white and cropped it a bit. “Look at it now.”
“Wow. I took that?” Lexi said with awe.
“Yep. Okay, I have a photo shoot in New Orleans on Saturday. I’m going to talk to your dad about you going. After seeing these, I’ll bring my old DSLR, and I’ll let you have a hand in taking pictures for the birthday party when you aren’t helping me.”
“Really?” Excitement flowed through Lexi’s voice.
“So long as your dad gives us the okay.”
The girl glowed as she sat at her usual spot at the desk. The next hour passed in companionable silence as Lexi did more research until she pulled out some homework.

* * *

That was how Noah found them when he peered through the window. He had managed to stay away from Sofia for almost three full days. He couldn’t get that kiss or that woman out of his mind. She sat in front of her computer, her eyes focused on the screen. He could barely see what she wore, but his dick didn’t care. It was like a puppy happy to see its master at the end of the day. Noah groaned—his body really had a mind of its own. The sound of a horn blasted, and he jumped. When Noah turned to find the offending owner, he felt as guilty as a peeping Tom.
“Hiya, Noah. How’s it goin’ in there?” Sheriff Randy asked with a knowing smile.
“Hi, Sheriff. It seems to be going well.” Noah scratched his head as he thought about the changes in Lexi in such a short time. “Really well, actually.”
“Oh yeah? And how’s Lexi?” The sheriff tilted his head and laughed before continuing on down the road.
“What’s so funny?” the sexy voice that occupied his dreams asked.
Noah stood to his full six feet four inches and turned toward Sofia’s questioning eyes. “Uh? Huh? Oh, nothing.”
“Are you coming in or staying out here?” Her eyes roamed down his body.
He looked between Sofia and the door. “I came for Lexi.”
“Well, that’s good because I didn’t think you came for pictures.” Her eyes danced with humor just before she turned and went inside, leaving him to figure out what he was doing.
“Ah hell,” he mumbled and followed her in.
“Hi, Daddy!” Lexi called as she put her papers into her backpack.
The endearment made his heart swell. “Hi, baby girl.” His eyes moved from Lexi to the pictures on the walls.
“Doesn’t Sofia take awesome pictures?” Lexi told him with barely contained excitement.
Noah’s eyes traveled from the pictures to Lexi and ended on Sofia’s face. “Yeah, awesome.” Did Sofia notice his voice get husky too? “Ready to go grab food next door, kiddo?”
Lexi looked between him and Sofia. “Sofia, wanna come? I know you mentioned having leftovers but wouldn’t a muffuletta be yummier?”
Noah’s eyes narrowed on the back of Lexi’s head in horror. “Lex, I’m sure Sofia has plans already.” He shoved his hands in his pockets and took a step back, bumping into the door.
“I would love to. Thanks, Lexi. I’ll close down and follow you guys in a few.”
“Great! See you there!” Lexi said with a huge grin.

* * *

Oh, the girl was good. Sofia walked Lexi and Noah to the door and locked up after turning the sign to “Closed.” She looked down at her clothes and figured she’d be wicked.
Fifteen minutes later, after taking the fastest shower in history, Sofia walked over to Whiskey’s. She had lathered on lotion, spritzed a bit of her Amore perfume, and put on minimal makeup. Before she stepped into the pub, she pulled out her phone and texted “We have a date tonight. Be ready in an hour.” After a glance down, she fixed her cleavage and walked in.
Noah was in the middle of ordering a beer at the bar when Sofia walked in. Her nipples tightened at the force of the desire in his eyes as they roamed down her body. Noah spoke to Jesse, who then put two drinks in front of him. Noah threw back the whiskey, grabbed the beer, and returned to the booth just as Sofia slid in next to Lexi.
“Wow, Sofia, you look great!” Lexi said.
“Thanks, I have a date later.” Sofia smiled.
Noah’s hand was like a vise around the beer, yet somehow it didn’t shatter. Sofia noticed his eyes move to her lips, his hips shift in his seat, and a painful grimace shine only for a moment.
Lexi sighed, “Oh.”
Sofia heard the disappointment in Lexi’s voice and at the same time watched Noah redirect his gaze to his daughter. Could she have possibly won the girl over already? No, it was too soon.
Sofia caught the flash of anger cross Noah’s face at her mention of a date. Seeing that he was disturbed by the idea of her with another man pleased her. The man was sex on a stick and had been avoiding her like the plague ever since the kiss that had rocked her world. She wasn’t one to play games, but she had a feeling this man needed nudging. In the short amount of time she had spent around Lexi, her affection for the girl had grown. Now the father was… well, she didn’t quite know how to describe him.
Annabelle, one of the young women who worked part-time, walked over, her eyes zeroing in on Noah. “Hi, darlin’. What can I get you tonight?” She turned her back to Sofia and pointed her breasts toward Noah’s face.
Sofia and Lexi turned toward each other and snickered.
“The Mean Burger, medium, and a baked potato fully loaded please,” Noah told Annabelle while he narrowed his eyes across the table at them.
“Can I please have a muffuletta with chips and a water?” Sofia told the woman’s back.
Annabelle reluctantly turned toward Sofia and Lexi as Lexi ordered a simple cheeseburger with Cajun fries. When Annabelle walked away, Sofia and Lexi coughed as they tried to calm themselves.
“What’s so funny?” Noah asked.
“Dad, didn’t you see how she drooled over you? I swear, if you would have turned your head an inch, her boobs would have been plastered to your face. Just gross.” Lexi groaned, shaking her head.
Noah looked from Lexi to Sofia’s breasts at the mention of “boobs.” Sofia noticed the blank look on his face, somehow he had missed the woman’s advances. He shrugged and tipped back the beer.
“I think he missed it.” Sofia winked at Lexi. “So, Noah, I need to know if there would be a problem with Lexi joining me on Saturday at a photo shoot I have in New Orleans.”
“Please, Dad! Sofia’s going to let me take pictures too!” Lexi pleaded.
“Umm…” Noah looked between both questioning faces. “I’ll think about it. I don’t remember if I have to work.”
“Well she can drive with me obviously, and it would be from nine to twelve or so. It’s for a woman’s eightieth birthday party. Just let us know by tomorrow afternoon.”
Noah nodded and looked at Lexi. “How was school?”
“Good. Same old, same old…”
Sofia turned toward the teen. “Isn’t homecoming soon? Are you going to the dance?”
Lexi’s eyes darted between Sofia and her dad. Then she focused on her hands as she raised her shoulders with indifference.
“Did you want to go?” Noah sat up a little. “You can go if you want…” A flash of sadness crossed his features. Whether it was because she hadn’t brought it up to him or because his daughter was growing up, Sofia didn’t know.
“I can take you to find a dress if you want. Lindsey and I can doll you up for the dance,” Sofia offered when it dawned on her that without her mom, Lexi would probably feel lost during the rite of passage. Noah did the best he could with the girl, but sometimes a woman’s touch was needed.
Lexi’s eyes lit up at the suggestion.
Annabelle walked up to their table with their meals. After placing each one down, she turned to Noah. “Can I get you anything else, darlin’?”
“No, thank you.” He returned to the conversation at hand. “That’s a great idea. If you want to go, baby girl, that’s fine with me, and if Sofia wants to take you shopping, I’ll give you some money to buy a pretty dress.”
Effectively dismissed, Annabelle pouted as she turned away to the next table, but not before shooting Sofia a dirty look.
“We could even go shopping after the photo shoot on Saturday if your dad says you can go.”
Lexi looked between them. “That’s a great idea. Maybe if I can go on Saturday, we can shop in the city.”
“All right, all right, I concede. You can go. Man, if this is you two after a handful of days together, I don’t want to see how you gang up on me later. I’m not going to have a chance in hell against you two.”
Sofia looked at Noah, wondering if the future implied in his statement was a Freudian slip. Tipping her water back, she kept looking at him over the glass.

* * *

Noah couldn’t seem to keep his eyes off of Sofia. The red lace halter she wore didn’t leave much to the imagination, so when she spilled a bit of water he watched the droplet slip between her large breasts, and he almost swallowed his own tongue. He imagined chasing it, wondering how it would taste on her silky skin.
His poor dick couldn’t take any more. Ever since he spotted her walk in the pub in those curve hugging jeans, revealing top and strappy heels that brought her tits closer to his face, he’d been acting like a hormonal teenager. His balls ached from the many times he’d sported wood and lost it in the little time they’d been sitting. He’d have to take himself in hand to help ease the pain. He chugged the rest of his beer, hoping to cool his overheated body.
Lexi’s eyes rounded. “Dad, are you okay?”
“Yeah, just thirsty,” he mumbled, feeling bad for worrying Lexi. She had seen him drink beer plenty of times, but he had never downed one like that in front of her. Between the simmering rage in his blood at the image of Sofia on a date with some scumbag, and the desire to lick the water droplet off her beautiful breasts, he was losing his damn mind.
Noah could feel Sofia studying him and as she tilted her head, he felt his eyes wander back to her breasts. This time, he noticed her nipples had tightened into peaks. If possible, more blood pooled in his dick. He could probably use it to drive a nail into a two-by-four by now. He’d never been so hard in his life.
Sofia stood in front of the table to let Lexi out of the booth, then someone else squeezed by and pushed Sofia at an angle. She laid a hand on Noah’s shoulder to steady herself, so he placed a hand on her hip. It was either that or risk her falling into Noah’s lap. Not that he’d mind in a private setting. The image of her—naked, wet, and willing—as she straddled his lap popped in his mind.
“Sorry about that.” Her voice thick with her own desire broke into his fantasy. Letting go of Noah, she went back to her seat.
“It’s fine. You okay?”
After nodding, she drank some water. Noah’s focus moved to the column of her neck as she swallowed.
Noah cleared his throat. He felt off-balance around this woman. “So, um, how long have you been a photographer?”
“Two years professionally. I’ve been taking pictures since I was about Lexi’s age.” Sofia pushed her empty plate aside and sat back. “What did you do in the military?”
“Security Forces.” At her blank look, he added, “I was a cop.”
“Oh, I’m sure that was interesting. Do you miss it?”
“Yes, but I’d leave it again in an instant to be here for Lexi.” He shifted in his seat as he found more room in his pants again. He thought back on how Lexi hadn’t brought up the dance on her own. His girl was growing up, and he really wasn’t sure how to proceed. Thankfully, Sofia had been there to help.
“I bet. She’s a great kid.” Sofia stood to let Lexi back into the booth. This time, Sofia’s napkin slipped to the floor and she bent over to grab it.
Noah groaned under his breath. The woman would put him in an early grave. The way her jeans hugged her ass made him want to run his hands over the curves and fill his hands with those cheeks. He remembered the feeling of her body responding to him, grinding against his dick. Stop it, dammit!
What kind of father was he to be in a constant state of arousal with his baby girl two feet from him? He stole Lexi’s drink and took a long pull of the cold beverage. If anyone asked what he just drank, he wouldn’t have been able to answer them. His poor balls were blue by now, his stomach was cramped, and he felt awful.
“Dad, are you feeling okay? You don’t look too well.”
Noah took a deep breath and let it go. “I’m good, just had a stomach cramp. Maybe ate too much.”
Sofia looked at him with concern before lighting up her phone to look at the time. “Well, good thing we’re done. I’m actually running late and need to go.”
She reached into her purse and grabbed some bills. Noah’s hand grasped hers when she laid the money on the table and pushed it away as he shook his head.
“Thanks,” she said and got out of her seat.
Moving closer to Noah, her eyes spotted the obvious thick ridge of his dick as it tried to tear a hole through the fabric. Looking up, she caught Noah’s heated look. Remembering how his erection had felt against her body made his pulse speed up. He stole a glance toward Lexi then met Sofia’s eyes again with a pleading look. There was no way he could get up in his state of arousal, especially if Sofia kept looking at him with desire.
Sofia ushered the teen toward the door. “Come on, Lexi. Tell me what kind of dress you’re thinking of for homecoming.” Sofia glanced back one more time and fuck if her tongue didn’t dart out, gliding along her lip.
Meanwhile, Noah chugged Sofia’s leftover water. Focusing on the table so as not to watch the sway of her hips, he took a deep breath.
“Baseball, football, soccer, you have the right to remain silent, article fifteen, kittens, puppies…” he mumbled under his breath until he felt his dick go down enough that he could stand without embarrassing himself. Each step was agonizing. His poor balls couldn’t take any more of the hard-on-hard-off effect.
When he caught up with the women, they had just stepped outside and were talking about sequins. Sofia saw him join them, and her eyes shot down involuntarily, making his dick twitch. When her eyes darted back up in surprise, he scowled at her.
“Um, okay, I better go,” Sofia said. “I’m late.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot you mentioned a date… have fun,” Lexi told her in a deflated voice, clearly not realizing Noah was staring Sofia down.
Apparently, neither of them was happy about the “date.”

* * *

“Thanks, sweetie, see you tomorrow.” Sofia gave Lexi a quick hug and hightailed it to her private parking spot in the back.
On the way to Lindsey’s, her mind kept returning to Noah. The man was something else. He was sweet and caring with his daughter and incredibly virile with her. She didn’t know if he was always that way or if it was her. She squirmed in her seat, trying to scratch at an itch only Noah would be able to scratch—or lick. She giggled at the thought and fanned herself with her hand. Pulling into Lindsey’s driveway, she spotted her friend sitting on the stoop and glaring daggers at Sofia’s Caddy.
“I’m so sorry!” she told Lindsey as she got in the car.
“Uh huh. You better have a good excuse after you tell me what movie we’re catching.”
Sofia began backing out just as Noah pulled in next door. When he spotted her, confusion followed by another dark scowl then relief flashed across his face. Smiling, Sofia waved at the man.
Lindsey turned her whole body in Sofia’s direction. “Actually, how about you tell me what that was all about?”
“Well, what had happened was…”
“Oh, buddy… spit it out.”
Sofia rehashed the dinner she’d just had and how Noah had been avoiding her all week. By the time they arrived at the movie theater, Lindsey had forgiven her for being twenty minutes late.
Chapter 8
On Saturday morning, Noah had been pacing the bottom floor when he heard her car turn into the driveway. If Lexi had been watching TV downstairs like normal, he wouldn’t have been behaving like an idiot. When he stepped outside, Sofia was still climbing the steps to his porch, wearing a pair of black slacks and a black sleeveless blouse. When Noah’s eyes finished their travel over her body, his eyebrow rose in question.
“I like to blend into the background when I’m photographing.” Sofia’s hair was pulled back into a tight bun and her face held minimum makeup, just how he preferred it.
His eyes took her in again, noticing her simple black loafers before he acknowledged her comment. “How was the date?” Damn, he hadn’t intended to bring that up. Just because he had been thinking about it every time he’d seen her this last week didn’t mean she had to know that.
“It was good, although she never buys me popcorn.” Sofia smiled, raising an eyebrow in challenge. A pair of diamond drop earrings that matched a necklace around her slim throat shimmered in the early morning daylight. Elegant and all business.
Noah opened the door and shouted for Lexi to come down. When he turned back, he caught Sofia checking him out. He couldn’t help but puff out his chest in male satisfaction.
“So are you going to go back to ignoring me this week?”
She was a feisty woman, but damn, was it sexy. He leaned against the porch with one bare foot on the banister. “I wasn’t ignoring you. I’ve been busy.”
Sofia stepped closer to him, and his heart beat faster. This woman had occupied his thoughts night and day, and while he hated that fact, he couldn’t stop it. With Vanessa, things had been different. With her, he’d felt a slow burn that grew from a long friendship as teenagers. Sofia, on the other hand, made him feel as if he’d been dropped into a building that was on fire and on the verge of collapse. He’d never felt so alive.
Even though it was irrational, he felt guilty. Lexi had only seen him with Vanessa. He worried she would hate him and accuse him of forgetting her mother.
As he was lost in thought, Noah stared off into the distance. After a moment, Sofia placed her hand on his back and her cheek on his shoulder. His body tensed before relaxing a moment later.
Sofia’s hand rubbed his back in comforting strokes, but his dick didn’t care. It seemed to think she was touching him for a different reason. Noah tried to ignore the pleading appendage and found himself laying a kiss on Sofia’s forehead. Straightening, he turned so he could lean his elbows on the banister.
“So what’s the plan today?” He nodded toward the house as Lexi gathered her stuff.
Her eyes dimmed, sadness filling them when he took a step back. He wasn’t sure what the hell was going on between them, but he didn’t intend on confusing Lexi with their intimate position. Not that they hadn’t already had more intimate moments.
“Well, the birthday party is at the Marguerite Dubois Tea Room in the French Quarter.” Sofia watched Noah raise an eyebrow at her. “Yeah, I know, it’s an exclusive place. Well, we have to bring my stuff in and get a feel for the party’s set-up. We’ll work the party for a few hours, then I planned to take Lexi for lunch and dress shopping at one of the malls in Metairie.” Sofia looked up as the door opened.
Lexi walked out in ballet flats, black jeans, and a navy blue blouse. “How’s this?” She did a quick turn, her ponytail flowing through her spin. “You said dark colors, right?”
Sofia nodded. “Subtle but dressy. Perfect.”
Noah pushed off the banister and walked to Lexi. “You look beautiful, sweetheart.” He put his arm around her shoulders and placed a kiss on top of her head. When he looked up, his eyes met Sofia’s.
“Dad, is it still okay if we go dress shopping?” Lexi’s face was makeup-free, save for some lip gloss, making her look more like a child.
“Yes, baby girl. Here. I forgot to give you some money.” Noah pulled some bills out of his wallet and placed them in Lexi’s hand.
Lexi hugged Noah and whispered, “Thanks.”
“Have fun today, but listen to Sofia, okay?” He winked and gave Lexi a warm smile.
Lexi nodded and stepped to Sofia’s side. “Will you be doing any shopping?”
Before Sofia turned to Noah, he could have sworn she winked at Lexi. “Maybe. I have a dress I like, but I could always use another one.”
“Have another date?” Noah teased.
“Yeah. I’ll actually be going dancing.” She headed to the car to prevent the giggle from bubbling up. “Bye.”
“Bye, Daddy!” Lexi called and waved from the car.
Noah waved at the car and attempted to tamper down his jealousy. He didn’t know this woman, but he’d felt more jealousy over her than the whole time he had been with Vanessa. Since their relationship had lasted over fifteen years, that spoke for itself.

* * *

“Okay, we’re scheduled to be here for three hours, and it’ll fly by. I’ll need you to stick by me for the first half hour, then you can take the other camera and a clean SD card and see what pictures you can get. Stay out of their way, and blend into the background. You’ll need to rely on the zoom. Check in with me every thirty minutes unless I tell you otherwise. Oh, and don’t eat the food. Here, take this bottle of water. Any questions?” Sofia rattled off as they stood in the corner of the “Tea Room,” which was more like a ballroom. The room was about half full of guests waiting for the birthday girl to show.
Sofia’s chest filled with pride as Lexi pushed her shoulders back after a deep breath. The girl pushed whatever fears she had been experiencing aside and donned a mask of confidence. Nodding to Sofia, Lexi took a sip of water from the bottle she had just received.
“Okay, let’s do this. There’s the daughter in the salmon-colored skirt suit set.” Sofia took one last inventory of what they had and approached the woman.
“Ms. Brazier! Thank you again for doing this for us,” Savannah Theriot said before shooting Lexi a questioning glance.
“My pleasure, Ms. Theriot. This is Alexandra Tyler—Lexi, for short. She’ll be assisting me today.”
“Nice to meet you, ma’am.” Lexi gave her a polite smile and shook the woman’s hand.
“If you’ll excuse us, we’ll get started.” With that, Sofia found a spot near the edge of the room and began working.

* * *

An hour into the gathering, when Lexi hadn’t followed Sofia’s instructions to return in thirty minutes, Sofia looked around the bustling room and found her taking pictures near the back right corner. Lexi had proven herself to be a good kid, so Sofia wasn’t too concerned until she saw Lexi’s aura flash with shock, confusion, anger, and determination. Between the rainbow of colors and the expressions on Lexi’s face, Sofia figured she was upset with Bridget, who stood nearby.
Sofia stepped toward Lexi when she saw the girl remove her phone and push a couple of things on the screen then return it to her back pocket. The look on Lexi’s face was so much like her father’s that Sofia decided to stand back and wait for her to come back. When she noticed Lexi had almost made her way back, she caught sight of Savannah approaching from the other direction. Both reached her at the same time, and Lexi stood back, allowing Savannah to speak.
“Sofia, we’d like to do some family pictures in about ten minutes.”
“That sounds great. I think that area over there would make a nice backdrop. Is that okay with you?” Sofia pointed at a cream wall that was sliced about three-quarters of the way down by a white molding and had navy paint under it.
“Perfect. We’ll meet you by the wall in ten,” Savannah told them and walked away.
Turning to Lexi, Sofia noticed Lexi now seemed unsure of herself. “Follow me.” She led them to a spot where no one was nearby for quite a distance, thanks to the food and drinks being replenished. She casually gestured to the direction Lexi had come from. “Talk.”
“Oh um… here.” Lexi pulled out her phone, lowered the volume, and played a one-sided conversation.
“Baby, I know, I miss you too!—Just remember, I’m doing this for us.—If this old bat would just die, then I could wait a bit then divorce him.—Just think how rich we’ll be when that inheritance gets cut, and with no prenup, it’s ours!—Oh, baby, I know. I miss you being inside me too!—No, baby, he’s not you. He makes my skin crawl.—Nobody makes me scream like you do, baby—”
Having heard enough, Sofia stopped the crude audio file from continuing another two minutes.
“Sofia, I’m sorry. I know I shouldn’t have, but it was a gut reaction. Please don’t be mad,” Lexi pleaded with her eyes cast down.
“I’m not mad, but this is a tricky situation. I gotta figure out what to do, if anything.” Sofia looked around the room and noticed the family gathering by the agreed-upon wall. “Okay, let’s get these family pictures done. Please help me get everyone situated for the portraits, then take some pictures from other angles.”
Lexi nodded and followed Sofia.
Another hour passed as they did the family pictures then moved on to more pictures of the party. When Savannah approached her again, Sofia had a better idea of what to do.
“Sofia, thank you so much for doing this. I’m sure you got wonderful pictures today, and I can’t wait to see them.”
“Thank you, Savannah. I’ll let you know when I have the pictures complete and ready for viewing.”
When Savannah turned to walk away, Sofia knew it was now or never. This could be the wrong thing to do, but her instincts told her to do it. After years of seeing auras, sometimes ghosts, and having gut feelings, Sofia learned to trust her gifts. “Savannah, can I please have a moment of your time?”
The woman gave her a questioning look but nodded and followed Sofia to a more private spot.
“Okay, normally I don’t get involved in family affairs, but I feel I should bring this to your attention. If it upsets you, I am truly sorry and know that this stays private.”
“Okay, I’m confused—” Savannah started.
Sofia gently laid a hand on the woman’s hand to stop her from continuing. “Lexi, come here please.” She put her hand out for the phone.
Lexi opened it and put it on the desired screen before handing it over.
“There is something you don’t know about me,” Sofia told Savannah. “I see auras. When you came into my shop to inquire about this party, I saw both yours and Bridget’s, just as I see everyone else’s in this room. Nothing new or different, but—”
“Bridget…” Savannah whispered as her body stiffened.
“Yes, Bridget’s reactions to your mother bothered me. Like I said, it’s none of my business, but you and your mother have been so sweet and kind to me, unlike her. When Lexi brought me this, I felt you deserved to hear it.” Sofia looked at Lexi, who was visibly uncomfortable but stood her ground.
“Ma’am, I was taking pictures and minding my own business, but I heard something and my gut told me to record it.” Lexi shrugged uncomfortably.
Savannah looked around to make sure their conversation was still private before nodding toward the phone. Sofia watched the woman’s reactions as she listened to her daughter-in-law talking to someone who was obviously a lover and not her son. Savannah had been bred in society and would keep her calm, but underneath, she was clearly a mama bear ready to attack. When the file ended its full four minutes and thirteen seconds, Savannah took a breath and stood to her full frame.
“Thank you. I had a feeling something was off, but you just gave me the proof.” She hugged Sofia and turned to Lexi. “Thank you for having the courage to do that. Always trust your gut feeling!”
“The file will be too large to send to you through email or text. What do you want to do?” Sofia asked.
Savannah pulled her slim phone from her pocket and opened up the recording application. Sofia replayed the file in its entirety to record onto Savannah’s phone.
“My son will want to hear this. Unfortunately, there is no prenup, but…” She gave them a brilliant smile. “Bridget has never been set to receive a dime of my mother’s inheritance.” Savannah thanked them before leaving them.
Sofia hugged Lexi. “Great job, Lex. I’m so proud of you.”
Lexi beamed at Sofia before setting out to put all the equipment away.

* * *

The drive to the mall was filled with chatter about the party and the pictures they had taken. Since neither had eaten at the party—apart from a piece of cake that Savannah had a server bring them—they were starving and headed straight for the food court. Sofia bought them some spicy fried chicken strips, coleslaw, biscuits, and drinks.
After a few minutes of companionable silence, Lexi pushed her empty plate aside. “So, um, what are auras?”
Sofia chuckled. “I wondered how long until you asked me. Auras are the energy fields around a person. Every person has an aura—sometimes one color or multiple colors—and the person’s mood and personality shine through it. Like, when I first saw you sitting on the curb after you did what you did, yours was green and it had spots of gray and black. For some people, the gray or black tells me that they’re negative or just bad people, but with you, I could tell you were depressed, sad. It was just blotches here and there. Your green wasn’t vibrant, and green auras usually belong to people who are creative. The orchid on the wall gave that one away.” She winked across the table. “People with green can also be hard-working and nature-loving.” She took a sip of her drink.
“Are all green aura people the same?” Lexi asked.
“Nope, everyone’s different. While the colors can mean a few things for one person, it’s not necessarily across the board. I get a gut feeling as to what the color is telling me about the person. I’m human, so I can be off some, but for the most part, I’m really close.”
“Wow, okay.” Lexi looked at her drink and fiddled with the straw. “I guess that’s pretty cool.”
“It’s all right. It’s not something I advertise. Reading people’s auras is not who I am but rather a part of me. Anything else you wanna know?”
“Nope. Thanks for sharing.”
Sofia nodded at the teen and stood to dump their trash. “Ready to find a purdy dress?” She giggled.
Lexi’s eyes lit up. “Yes!”
“Good. Here’s hoping I can find one too. I’d hate to wear the one I wore last year.” Sofia winked.
“Wait… are you chaperoning the dance?” Lexi’s eyes rounded as Sofia nodded with a smile.
Leaving the food court, Sofia put her arm around Lexi’s shoulders. “You did a great job today, not just with the pictures and the professionalism you showed me, but for listening to your instincts when you overheard Bridget.”
“Thanks. I wasn’t sure if you’d be mad. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but I was shocked by what I heard. I didn’t know what to do, so I recorded it on the off chance that it needed to be passed on,” Lexi told her as they walked through the mall.
Sofia placed her arm around the girl’s shoulders and squeezed. “You did great! That was a tough situation.” When she looked down at Lexi, her heart swelled. The teen had been through a lot with losing her mother during some of the toughest years, and she had a great head on her shoulders. “You know what? I bet your mom would be very proud!”
They walked into a department store and headed to the evening gowns in the back. Sofia saw Lexi swipe at a few tears, and she knew the girl was trying to stay strong.
“Did you decide on a color? You mentioned wanting a long dress, right?” Sofia asked.
“Yes, a long one. Maybe pink? Or red?” Lexi said with excitement.
“Okay, just remember we have a few other stores we can check out if you don’t find one you like. Also, make sure to stay within budget of what your dad gave you.”
They spent the next hour and a half trying on dresses. Lexi, like Sofia, didn’t feel the need to look at every dress in every store, so they were able to get through several stores in those ninety minutes. After they’d found dresses, Sofia dragged Lexi to a shoe store and bought her a pair of heels that matched Lexi’s rose-colored strapless dress.
Out in the parking lot, Sofia cranked up the AC as far as it would go. Thanks to Louisiana’s unforgiving humidity and heat, her clothes were pasted to her body.
Lexi pulled her seat belt on and adjusted her hair from a ponytail to a messy bun. “Thanks again for the heels and taking me dress shopping. I know Dad would have taken me, but it was nice to have a woman’s help. Mom would have loved shopping for homecoming dresses. I know she would have loved to have you as a friend.”
“Aww, it was my pleasure, sweetie. I had a lot of fun, and I got a pretty dress too!” Sofia smiled as she thought about Noah’s reaction to the stunning dress she’d bought to chaperone the dance. The candy-apple-red halter molded to her curves and contained her large breasts with minimal cleavage showing, plus the hem fell just below her knees—it was for a high school dance after all.
“You mentioned Lindsey and you would do my hair and makeup?” Lexi asked shyly.
“Yes, we will. Would it be all right if you go to Lindsey’s to get ready? Your dad can come by and take pictures afterward. We can drive you to the dance since Lindsey and I have to chaperone.”
“I’ll make sure it’s okay with him, but I don’t see why not.”
Almost an hour later, they pulled into Lexi’s driveway.
Sofia felt disappointed when she didn’t see Noah’s truck. “Your dad’s not home? Are you okay alone?”
Lexi looked at her watch. “Guess not. He said he would be home by now, but he must be running late. I’ll be fine.”
“Okay, if you need anything, call me or go next door to Lindsey’s.” Sofia gave the girl a hug before watching her enter the house with her bags.
Deciding to drop in unannounced, Sofia moved her car over to Lindsey’s driveway. After a moment, Lindsey walked out with two bottles of water as she pushed Deogee back inside. The women sat together on the banister of the porch.
“How’d today go?” Lindsey asked.
“Good. We both found dresses, and I got her some nice heels. She’s such a sweet girl, Linz.” Sofia took a sip of water, then the sound of two trucks pulling in next door had her turning in their direction.
“Mmm, look who’s come home,” Lindsey whispered with a wink.

* * *

When Noah pulled onto the street, the first thing he spotted was Sofia’s car next door. He hadn’t stopped thinking about her since that morning. Hell, if he was honest with himself, he hadn’t stopped thinking about her since he met her, and he especially hadn’t stopped thinking about whoever she was going to go dancing with. Just like that, his lust was replaced with a jealous possessiveness. After closing the truck door, he stalked over toward the women watching them. Then he noticed that Marc, who had pulled in after him, was by his side.
“Hi, Noah.” Sofia said. Her voice scratchy, she lifted the bottle and took a sip of water. “I just left Lexi about five minutes ago.”
“How’d it go?”
“She was great! I can’t wait to see the pictures she took, and she handled herself like a pro.” Sofia gushed. “We also found our dresses.”
“Yeah, now Sof won’t have to wear the same one from last year,” Lindsey chimed in with a giggle.
Noah hadn’t even really seen Lindsey. Somewhere in his mind, he’d noticed she was there, but her presence eluded him as he was drawn into Sofia’s orbit. When he turned to ask Lindsey what she meant, he found her and Marc in some sort of stare-off. Lindsey’s back was straight as a rod as Marc’s eyes took in her breasts, but he looked spitting mad. His eyes were almost black with his obvious desire for Lindsey.
Noah looked at Lindsey to see what his friend saw. He noticed she was in shorts that left nothing to the imagination and a tight tank top, with no bra, that displayed her small breasts. Her nipples were pulled into tight nubs and poked through the material. Turning to Marc, he found him looking at Noah as though he could kill him. What the fuck?
“Is it okay if Lexi gets ready here? Lindsey is going to do her hair and makeup, then we’ll take her to the dance,” Sofia blurted, nodding toward Lindsey.
“Who’s ‘we,’ and why will you be taking Lexi to the dance?” Noah grumbled and turned away from his childhood best friend that was currently plotting his death.
“We, is Sof and I, and because we’re chaperoning?” Lindsey quipped as she turned her attention away from Marc.
“Lindsey?” Marc’s head tilted.
“And you are?” Sofia stepped closer to Lindsey in a protective gesture.
“Oh, sorry. Sofia, Lindsey, this is Marc. Marc, Sofia and Lindsey. So you’re chaperoning?” Noah felt confused as the jealousy in his body cooled.
Sofia smiled at him. “Yup.”
“You said you were going dancing.”
“I did. I’ll be dancing at the high school homecoming dance as I chaperone said dance.” Her smile brightened, and she gave a shrug. “You weren’t specific.”
The woman was toying with him. If they didn’t have witnesses, he’d bend her over his lap and spank her ass. The idea of doing just that made his dick harden. She looked down and saw it too. The little minx licked her lips in reaction.
“Can I speak—” Noah started before he heard his front door open.
“Hi, Daddy! Uncle Marc!” Lexi flew down the stairs, across the yards, and leaped into Marc’s arms.
“Hi, baby girl. Did you have fun today?” Noah asked.
Marc said, “Hi, princess!”
“I had a great day with Sofia! My dress is so pretty, and you should see Sofia’s. It’s—wow! Oh, and I just got off the phone with Angie, and she asked me to stay over after the dance. Can I, Daddy? Please?”
He was so happy that his girl was back to herself that he couldn’t deny her anything at that moment. “Yes, you can.”
“Thank you, Daddy!” Lexi jumped from under Marc’s arm into Noah’s.
“Come on, I want to show you my dress and the shoes Sofia bought me. Bye, Sof!” After a quick wave, Lexi slipped an arm around each man and pulled them toward the house.
Noah looked over Lexi’s head at Sofia and gave her a smile that spoke volumes.

* * *

Sofia watched the scene with lightness in her heart. She felt Lindsey slip her hand through her elbow at the same time that goose bumps covered her body.
“It’s so sweet!” Lindsey whispered.
Sofia nodded since she didn’t think her voice would work at that moment.
Sofia watched as the tan, Hispanic man with short cropped hair hung on Lexi’s every word. He fit tall, dark, and handsome to a tee. He was hot, but he didn’t set her panties on fire like Noah did.
Now, Marc with Lindsey? She could see a fire igniting between those two. She was too tired to bring it up now. She had to head home to unpack her gear. She wanted to devote tomorrow to working on today’s pictures and watching TV.
“I’m exhausted. I’m out of here too.” Sofia gave her friend a quick hug.
On the way home, she put in an order at Whiskey’s for dinner. Seeing Lexi with Noah made her ache to be a part of their family. He was a wonderful dad, and Sofia felt as though his wife was looking down on them with love. When she’d first met them, they seemed so lost, but in this short time, things had somehow changed.

* * *

One early morning, Noah set out for a run in the hopes of running into Sofia. There had been a few mornings he had caught sight of her running by his house. It didn’t matter that the alarms in his head were going off, he wanted to talk to her.
After a mile or so, Noah gave up on seeing her this morning and decided to focus on running his body ragged. The projects he had to work on that day wouldn’t bring him the mental and physical exhaustion he needed. Noah couldn’t think of a time in his life where his body had been this tied up with sexual frustration.
Looking up, Noah spotted a figure in the distance. Picking up his speed, he pushed his body to the limit and smiled to himself as he recognized Sofia immediately.
Closing in on her, she turned her head at the sound of his shoes connecting with the ground. “Noah?”
“Hey, Sofia. Cool morning, fall’s coming.” Noah inwardly cringed as he mentioned the weather.
“Yeah, it’s getting nicer.” Her eyes crinkled with laughter.
When he had hoped to run into her, he hadn’t even considered what he would say to her. What the hell was wrong with him? Unsure of himself he ran by her side, surprised at her easy yet quick pace.
“How are you liking town?” she wondered, her eyes shimmered with appreciation as they moved down his chest.
Noah forced his eyes forward when they began to drop to her breasts. The thin material showcasing two tight nipples. “It’s nice. Close enough to the family without having them hover. I thought I was going to lose my fucking mind if we stayed there any longer.”
Sofia laughed, her eyes sparkled with amusement. “Shoot, I know how that goes. I still get calls from my mom asking if I’m sure moving out here was for the best. ‘Mom, it’s been two years!’”
“I can’t imagine Lexi not being close by. It will be hard the day she does move, but I can’t imagine hounding her like my family did to me.” Noah looked around and noticed they were already nearing her building. Frustration consumed him that he wouldn’t have more time to talk to her.
“Even if she moves away you can visit each other,” Sofia said.
“Yeah. Moving is an easy way to see who makes the effort to visit you.”
“It really is,” Sofia slowed as they approached Whiskey’s. “Did you want something to drink?”
Noah looked at his watch and realized he was almost out of time. Cursing his luck, he said, “No, I can’t. Thanks for the offer but I need to get back. I have a few jobs I’m expected at this morning.”
Sofia’s eyes dimmed, a tight smile crossing her face. “Sure, see you later.”
“Rain check? Maybe I’ll “run” into you again.” Oh God, he thought. What was wrong with him and these lame ass jokes?
Sofia giggled, “Sure, see you later.”
Noah nodded and watched her jog toward the back of the building. She smiled at him over her shoulder and gave a little wave.
Forcing his legs to move, Noah ran the last bit home at a furious pace. He pushed aside the image of Sofia in tight workout clothes and the way he wanted to explore her body. The burn in his muscles and lungs took center stage as he pushed himself to the limit, driving away his desire, at least for the time being.
Chapter 9
“There, that should do it,” Lindsey declared as she hair-sprayed Lexi’s hair one last time.
“Oh wow! Thanks, Lindsey! You made me beautiful!” Lexi looked at herself in the mirror. Lexi’s dark hair was pulled to one side with soft, natural-looking waves tumbling over her shoulder. Rosy lip gloss accented Lexi’s full lips, and the eyeshadow and eyeliner highlighted her brown eyes. Lexi belonged on a magazine spread.
“You are beautiful. We just emphasized it.” Sofia told the teen.
“Okay, dresses—then let’s get out of here before we’re late, and Principal Roux lectures us on the importance of time.” Lindsey grabbed her ivory cocktail dress with a square neckline and black ribbon that wrapped under her breasts.
Sofia slipped into her dress and shoes and found Lexi standing in front of the mirror. Reflecting back at the girl was a look of awe. Sofia’s heart constricted before swelling with pride. A month had almost passed, and Sofia had enjoyed every minute with Lexi. The girl had a great head on her shoulders. She was respectful, sweet, kind, and hard-working. Her parents had done a fabulous job raising her. Her mother would be so proud of her.
Sofia blinked back the moisture that had gathered in her eyes, and her eyes locked with the girl's. Unable to do anything else, Sofia walked the couple feet and hugged Lexi. Looking at the girl in the mirror, cheek to cheek, she cleared her throat.
“You really are beautiful. I’m very blessed to have you in my life. You’re such a great kid!” Sofia's voice was heavy with emotion.
“Thanks, Sof.”
“Hey! No tears! Are you trying to undo the last two hours? All right, group hug!” Lindsey embraced them both. “Okay, no more mushiness. Let’s go have some fun!”
“You know, you’re a bit too cheery about a high school homecoming dance,” Lexi said with a giggle.
With a shrug, Lindsey gathered her cell phone and house keys. “Come on, ladies. We still need to go let Noah see Lex.”
Once they walked next door, Lexi grabbed the bag for her sleepover just inside the door and called Noah. A moment later, he stepped outside and his feet became rooted to the spot. First, his eyes landed on Lexi.
“Wow, you look beautiful, honey!” Noah said as Lexi did a quick spin. “You’re growing into a beautiful young lady. Your mom would have loved to see this,” he whispered, his voice thick with emotion.
“Thanks, Daddy!” Lexi gave him a hug. “I miss her too. Thank you again for letting me go. I know I don’t deserve it after everything.”
“Not deserve it? Of course you do, baby girl. Just make sure you continue being the good kid I know you are. Have fun tonight, and if you change your mind about the sleepover or need me, just call.” He let her go after one last squeeze.

* * *

His eyes locked onto Sofia’s. Noah tried swallowing but failed. His mouth, which had been fine a moment ago, now lacked even a drop of saliva. The woman was phenomenal. Her hair swept away from her made-up face in a twist, left her long neck exposed. The dress hugged her body and made his hands itch to run up and down those glorious curves. Oh man, her breasts… those breasts were magnificent. If the woman looked this good in clothes, he could only imagine what she looked like out of them. Not that he hadn’t imagined that a hundred times by now. Thankfully the jeans and T-shirt were enough to cover up the proof of his growing desire. He forced his eyes to Lindsey, who also looked beautiful and happened to be giving him a laughing smile.
Noah cleared his throat. “Ladies, you look wonderful.”
“Thank you,” they told Noah in echo.
“Okay, picture time!” Sofia said.
Sofia accepted the camera from his hands. Their fingers briefly touched, shooting a bolt of pleasure down to his groin. His eyes shot to hers as she took a deep breath.
Taking a step back, she lifted the camera to her face. Noah watched her relax, all distractions disappearing on the other side of the lens. He’d never seen her work and witnessing it was a gift as she captured Lexi’s special day.

* * *

Her heart had expanded at his reaction to Lexi. No one on earth could deny that this man adored his daughter with every fiber of his being. But when his eyes turned to hers and traveled down her body in a caress, she’d thought she would combust on the spot.
When Sofia looked up after flipping through the pictures she’d taken, she found herself alone on the porch with Noah. After a quick glance at her car, she found Lindsey and Lexi smiling with a mischievous twinkle in their eyes.
“Um, here’s your camera. Please email me a copy.”
“You look amazing.” Noah’s husky voice drawled as his eyes, filled with desire, drank their fill.
“Thank you.” She breathed, her chest rising as it filled. Noah’s eyes focused on the movement. Her tongue ran along her lower lip. “I better go…”
Noah stood rooted to the spot as Sofia turned and headed for her car. She hadn’t missed the way his eyes darkened when her tongue glided over her lips. It was a good thing they’d remembered they weren’t really alone.
Sofia backed out of the driveway and half-listened to the clicking of Lexi’s phone as she texted a friend and Lindsey sang along with the radio. Sofia had seen Noah every day this past week. He hadn’t ignored her like when he had given her space but rather came inside the shop to pick up Lexi. Some days Lexi hadn’t finished her task, and they would chat. It didn’t matter about what: the weather, St. Fleur, places they had been and lived. He was not only the hottest man she had ever laid her eyes on, but he was also sweet, charming, and funny.
Sofia had already fallen for Lexi. The girl brought an ache to her heart with the desire to be a mother. The man… well, he still held himself back. They had explosive chemistry, and Lexi hadn’t missed it. Just a day ago, Lexi hinted at Noah being lonely and needing to get out and date. Sofia had known better than to comment and moved the conversation along.
A few minutes later, Sofia turned into the high school’s parking lot.
Lexi said, “You should ask my dad out.”
“What?” Sofia shrieked as she looked between Lindsey and Lexi’s reflection in the rearview mirror.
“You should ask my dad out. It’s obvious you guys have the hots for each other, and he’s not manning up. You guys would be great together,” she answered in such a matter-of-fact way that Lindsey’s face split with the biggest smile.
“You know, she’s right. Noah isn’t manning up and asking, so you should do it.” Lindsey snickered, getting out then letting Lexi out.
Sofia sat a second longer in complete shock. She knew Lexi had noticed the attraction, but to have her say that she should ask her father out was not something Sofia had expected. When she stepped out of the car, Lexi observed her in such a way that she almost forgot the girl was only fifteen.
“Tell me you’re not attracted to him, and I’ll shut up. Remember, no lies between us.”
Damn, the girl was good. “I am attracted to him, but it’s just not that easy.”
Lexi turned to Lindsey. “‘Noah, would you like to go out to dinner with me?’ Yup! That’s pretty easy to say.”
Lindsey burst into a fit of laughter as she looked between Lexi and Sofia. “Oh man, she’s got a point, Sof.”
Sofia narrowed her eyes at Lindsey and turned to Lexi. “I don’t see you asking Jax out.”
“Sof!” Lexi’s eyes rounded and darted around to make sure no one had overheard their conversation as they neared the entrance to the school’s gymnasium.
Sofia only shrugged her shoulder and slipped through the gym’s doors.
“Ms. Brazier, Ms. Roman, you’re late. Chaperones were to have been here twenty minutes before the start of the dance not at the start of the dance,” Principal Roux chastised.
“Sorry, Principal Roux,” Sofia and Lindsey replied simultaneously.
Lexi’s laughter rung out from the direction of the table taking the students’ tickets.
“Ms. Roman, please supervise the refreshment table, and Ms. Brazier, I would like you to make sure the children aren’t getting carried away with their dancing.” Principal Roux turned on her heel and spotted her next victim.
Once they were out of earshot, they burst into quiet giggles.
“Guess I’ll see you later,” Lindsey said before she turned left to stand by the drink table.
Sofia walked around the edge of the dance floor a few times. She spotted Jaxson watching Lexi across the room. Somehow Lexi could see that Noah and Sofia were attracted to each other, but she missed that Jax was attracted to her. “You should ask my dad out.” Lexi’s words came to mind, and a playful smile spread across her face.
Taking her time, Sofia made her way toward Jax, who ignored advances from other girls. Lindsey grabbed Sofia’s attention by waving a napkin at her, and Sofia winked. Lindsey laughed and shook her head as Sofia descended on the teen.
She stood shoulder to shoulder with him. “Hey, Jaxson! Having fun?”
“Yeah, it’s all right.” He rubbed the back of his neck.
Sofia caught the direction of his eyes before he tried to cover up his error. “She looks beautiful, doesn’t she?”
A rosy blush crept along his cheeks. “Who?”
“Lexi, the person you’ve been watching for the last five to ten minutes.” With a smirk, Sofia raised her eyebrow, daring him to deny the claim.
His whole face flushed as his eyes moved between Sofia and Lexi.
“Go ask her to dance.”
His wide eyes turned to Sofia. “Do you think she’ll say yes?”
“Mmhmm, I do. Now get!” She laughed as she bumped him with her shoulder.
“Thanks, Ms. Brazier.” On unsure steps, he walked in Lexi’s direction.
Sofia watched as the boy approached Lexi, her friends looking on with envy. Lexi nodded then placed her hand in his, and he guided them to the middle of the dance floor. Lexi glanced over, her eyes bright with excitement. Sofia smiled at her then resumed her chaperoning duties.
After finding a spot to watch the teens, Sofia glanced around, wondering if Lindsey was as bored as she was. Then she spotted Lindsey flirting with the history teacher. Smiling at the couple, Sofia hoped something good would come out of it for her friend.
Two and a half hours later, the teens had been trickling out of the dance for about fifteen minutes when Lexi said her friend Angie’s mom had arrived to pick them up. Sofia gave Lexi her keys so she could retrieve her overnight bag from the car. Lexi ran out and came back shortly wearing a pair of jeans and a T-shirt. Bag in hand, Lexi handed Sofia her dress and keys.
“Have fun and be good. Remember what your dad said—call him if you need him, ‘kay?” Sofia reminded her and gave her a quick hug.
“Will do. Did you send Jax over to me?” she whispered.
“I saw him watching you, so I may have helped him along,” Sofia answered with a smile.
After a quick nod and a moment of thinking that through, Lexi thanked her and strode toward the exit where Angie waited.
Sofia walked up to Lindsey as she exchanged her phone number with the history teacher. The man gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and turned to them both.
“Good night, ladies,” he said before leaving.
“The history teacher?”
Lindsey smiled. “Yup. Derek seems nice enough.”
“Good for you. It’s about time you have a date. It’s been what, seven months?”
“Eight, but who’s counting?” Lindsey chuckled.
After Lexi left, they had to stay until every teen was picked up. Luckily their duties didn’t involve cleaning up. Principal Roux thanked them for volunteering and moved on to the next chaperone.
Twenty minutes later, they pulled into Lindsey’s driveway.
“So do you think Mr. Roux gets dismissed after his husbandly duties?” Lindsey snorted on a laugh.
“Poor man, I bet he does.” Sofia shook her head. “Oh, did you see Jax and Lexi dancing?”
“Yup, sure did. I also saw you talking to him just before he approached her.”
“He kept watching her from across the gym with puppy dog eyes. I figured I’d give him some encouragement.”
“You think Noah will mind Lexi dating a senior?” Lindsey asked.
That brought Sofia’s eyes to the house next door. He had minimal lights on, but they were enough to see that Noah was bare-chested and leaning on the porch banister, watching them.
“No idea. Jax is a really good kid though.”
Lindsey stepped out of the car asking, “You coming in?”
Sofia did the same. “No. I’m going to go drop off Lexi’s dress with Noah.”
Raising her eyebrows suggestively, Lindsey puckered her lips in silence and called, “Good night, Sof. Night, Noah!” After a quick wave, Lindsey disappeared into her house.
Sofia felt naked as she walked to the porch next door. Noah’s gaze, like a caress, traveled down her body, leaving goose bumps in its wake. Reaching the top stair, she found his eyes smoldering with desire.
“Hi. I saw you, so I figured I’d bring you Lexi’s dress.”
He raised an eyebrow at the dress in her hand.
“She didn’t want to take it to her sleepover, so she changed before leaving the dance.”

* * *

Noah nodded. His throat was dry, and he felt like an ass for not responding with words, but he couldn’t help it. When the car pulled into the driveway next door, his body had reacted immediately to the knowledge that Sofia was near. As she approached the house, moonlight bathed her skin and she looked like a goddess. He wasn’t just affected by his dick’s quick hardening, but also an overwhelming need to see her, touch her, taste her. God forgive him, he just needed her.
For the last few weeks, rather than texting Lexi about his arrival, he had come in to get her so Sofia wouldn’t accuse him of avoiding her. Originally he had been ignoring her, but he figured if he could see her, then he could prove to himself that she was just another woman. Too bad that had blown up in his face. They had talked each day, and her smile, laughter, and even when she looked at him as though he was an idiot only made him realize how much he enjoyed being around her. The conversations were always brief, but they gave him a glimpse of what their relationship could be like. The guilt of moving on after Vanessa lessened as well, although he still feared that Lexi would lay into him and accuse him of forgetting her mother. He could never forget his first love.
“Do you want a beer?” Noah’s gruff voice asked.
“Sure,” she said. The pent-up sexual energy between them inflated like an invisible elephant in a very small room.
Sofia turned to stare off into the clear night, and Noah headed inside with the dress. He threw the dress over the back of the couch on his way to the fridge. As he closed it, he thought about the moon casting its glow over her silky skin. With the beer in hand, he opened the door and his steps faltered. Forcing them to move, he stepped behind her and handed her the beer.
“You look like a goddess…”

* * *

His warm breath fanned across her exposed neck, sending a delicious shiver down her body to her toes. She took the beer and tipped it back, hoping it would cool her fevered skin.
“You shouldn’t have come here…”
Stiffening, Sofia tried to turn to face him but found herself trapped between Noah and the porch. His hands rested on each side of her on the railing. Testing the space, she casually wiggled. With no room, her ass rubbed against the very large erection trying to break free.
“So damn beautiful,” he whispered into her hair.
His soft lips trailed kisses down her neck and back up to the shell of her ear. Sofia's head fell to the side giving him full access. She felt warmth pooling low in her belly as Noah left a trail of fire along her neck. His hands ran up her arms to her shoulders, and goose bumps formed along her flesh as her nipples puckered up. The combination of his slow, lazy kisses and his breath along her neck made a moan escape her mouth.
“You taste so sweet, like peaches and cream. When you walked up here with the moon shining on you… mmm…” Noah nipped her neck. His tongue flicked out and soothed the sting. “I thought I was dreaming. No one could be this sexy, yet here you are…”
Turning Sofia to face him, Noah took a good hard look at her. His tongue slipped out and ran along his full lips. Her tongue itched with the need to follow the same path. She wanted to taste him and to touch him everywhere.
Sofia’s breath became ragged when she saw his heated eyes. No man had ever looked at her with such naked desire. He stepped forward, closing the last bit of space between them. The heat of his hands pierced the thin fabric over her hips. His fingers rubbed small circles, digging in a slow massage.
“I need to taste you,” he leaned forward and captured her lips. One swipe, two. “Mmm, so soft…”
Noah swiped the seam of her mouth with his tongue as his thumbs grazed the bottoms of her breasts. She gasped, and Noah deepened their kiss. Their tongues slid against each other’s, picking up the urgency that had built since the moment they ended their first kiss what felt like months ago. Her hands skimmed over his strong shoulders. One dug into his hair as the other one rubbed a trail of heat from the base of his neck to his jaw.
Although this wasn’t their first kiss, Sofia was struck by how different it felt. Noah was driving her crazy with his slow perusal of her mouth as his hands did their own exploring. She could feel his control slipping. When his hands moved up her sides, her hips felt cold as he lit her skin, inch by inch, with his heat. Her breasts ached, heavy with need, demanding attention and being denied as his hands moved down to cup her ass. Her disappointment evaporated when one hand slid back up, cupping her chest over the dress.
“Oh god—your tit fits perfectly in my hand…” Noah kneaded the sensitive flesh. “Perfect, absolutely perfect…”
Sofia couldn’t contain the gasp that escaped as his thumb skimmed over the hard pebble.
Heated green eyes bore into her glazed eyes. “You liked that, did you?”
Teasing her hard nipple with his thumb made her core clench. Sofia pressed her thighs together, hoping to alleviate the ache.
“Yeah, you definitely like that. I wonder what you’ll do if I—”
Noah tugged her skin-tight dress up to the tops of her thighs and lifted her to the banister, stepping between her legs. He unzipped the dress and moved aside the material that somehow contained her large breast. Dipping his head, his tongue flicked out, tasting her skin as he slowly worked his way to her nipple. When the first swipe of his tongue glided along her nipple, Sofia grabbed his shoulders for leverage and Noah groaned with approval.
The warmth in her belly grew with each swipe of his tongue. Her eyes popped open as the cool night air caressed her damp flesh, and she blinked away the passion clouding her vision.
“So damn beautiful…” He placed the breast back in the dress and removed the other.
Noah kneaded one breast as his mouth returned to her lips. As Sofia held on, her nails dug into his shoulders. Moving along her jaw and down her neck, he tasted the flesh and nipped at her skin. Her breath came out in shallow puffs as her arousal intensified. Noah rubbed his dick against her pelvis, showing her what she did to him.
When Noah moved his mouth to pleasure her other breast, Sofia whimpered. “Oh God…”
“I love hearing your sexy purrs…” he whispered around her nipple.
With one swipe of his tongue, then two and three, her clit throbbed and she clenched her thighs tight to alleviate the pressure. Noah nipped her nipple and sucked on it, and she was a goner. Sofia held on as stars burst in her eyes. The rush of blood pounded through her ears as the orgasm took hold of her with full force.

* * *

She was absolutely beautiful. Her dress hugged all her curves, and her skin tasted so sweet. She didn’t douse herself with perfume. The little she did have on mixed with the scent of her skin and had him holding back a groan.
Taking shallow breaths, Noah tried to control himself. His body begged to have Sofia under him, but the last thing he wanted to do was scare her off. He was done denying that this woman meant nothing to him. She meant something, but he wasn’t prepared to explore what it was exactly—especially not right now. Moving his hands up her sides, he memorized every spot he touched.
“That was the most erotic thing ever.” Noah kissed her with all the passion flowing in him. He couldn’t believe she had climaxed from him just touching her breasts, but he wasn’t complaining. “How about we don’t give the neighbors any more of a show?”
Noah covered her breast, put her on the ground, and fixed her dress. Her legs wobbled when she took a step forward. He lifted her into his arms and cradled her body close as she sucked in air, recovering from the orgasm that had washed over her.
Noah resumed kissing her as he opened the door to the house, pulled her inside, and kicked it shut.
The bottle of beer was left forgotten on the porch.
Chapter 10
Noah carried Sofia up the stairs and into his master bedroom, all the while never breaking their kiss. He placed her at the foot of the bed then pulled away briefly to look into her eyes for any signs of doubt or regret, but he only found desire. After a quick kiss, he worked his lips down the column of her neck, savoring her taste.
He wrapped one arm around her waist, the other seeking out all the skin it could touch. Noah kissed her hard, devouring her mouth as her soft, yielding lips opened to his tongue’s invasion: dueling, taking, giving.
Their shallow breaths and her zipper gliding down to the top of her backside were the only sounds echoing off his bedroom walls. Noah found the button holding up the halter as Sofia’s hands roamed down his back and slipped into his jeans. A groan of pleasure escaped his lips and his dick pulsed, begging for her attention, as her greedy hands grabbed his ass.
“God, you have a great ass,” Sofia whispered, her tongue licking, kissing his chest as her hands took their fill of the firm muscles.
Tasting, sucking, and nipping the flesh along her neck, he memorized every scent and taste that was Sofia. Her body shivered under his touch, goose bumps forming on her skin. Noah stepped back to look at her, her nipples hardening into points from the cool AC before her hands rose to cover herself.
Noah took her hands and brought them down to her sides. “No, please don’t. Your breasts are better than I’d been imagining.”
His eyes took their fill as Sofia’s chest rose with each shallow breath. After Noah let go of her hands, he pulled the dress free from her hips. The dress crinkled as it pooled at Sofia’s feet, and Noah helped her step out of the sea of red. She stood in front of him in only a small thong, the black lace triangle covering her folds. Noah thought of the many ways he wanted to touch her and give her pleasure.
Raising a finger, he circled the dark red skin of one breast and then the other. “Beautiful. You really are stunning, I can’t even tell you how many times I’ve imagined what you looked like underneath it all, but this is much better.” He picked her up and laid her down in the middle of his bed.
Noah unzipped his jeans and kicked them aside, her eyes flashed hot at the tent in his black boxer briefs. Taking himself in his hand, he stroked his length and watched Sofia bite down on her soft lip. Noah kneeled on the cool sheets by her feet and reached for one of her ankles. He kissed his way from her toes and the inside of her foot to the strap at her heel. He undid it, removed the shoe, and then gave her other foot the same attention. Noah placed her foot on his shoulder, and his eyes followed the silky skin to the apex of her thighs. His dick ached, begging to fill her.
Tonight could quite possibly be his only night with Sofia. Noah vowed to himself to take it easy, to enjoy, and savor every inch of her. Noah kissed one leg from ankle to mid-thigh and then the other. Her hands grabbed the sheets at her sides, her breasts swaying.
When Noah’s lips planted a chaste kiss to the outside of her panties, Sofia’s hips flew off the mattress. He moved her hips back to the bed, running his tongue along the wet material and his nose flared at the scent of her sex.
“I need—” she whimpered.
“Tell me. Tell me what you need,” Noah demanded, pushing his sanity to the limits.
“More.”
No longer happy with the material in his way, he gave them a good yank then threw the destroyed fabric aside.
“Hey, those were new—” she told him, annoyed. All other protests died on her tongue when Noah pushed her legs apart.
A blush covered her whole body while she lay there exposed to his gaze. He settled between her legs with no intention of moving any time soon. Her center glistened with her excitement, her clit was swollen and pink, and without any hair in his way, he was able to take a moment to memorize the view. He dipped his head and swiped his tongue along the sides of her folds, his eyes locking onto hers. Using his fingers to open her up, he fastened his mouth over her core. His tongue lapped up her juices, and he moaned in approval.
“Oh God, you’re so sweet…” he groaned against her. The vibrations of his words sent a shiver throughout her body.

* * *

Sofia lay in shock at Noah’s obvious enjoyment. This wasn’t her favorite part of sex. Oral sex had never brought her to climax, but his mouth made her feel things. She forced herself to relax until she felt his tongue flick her clit, then she nearly jumped off the bed. Her reaction only encouraged him to do it again, and this time, he fastened his mouth over her agitated nub, holding her to his face.
She screamed as her eyes crossed at the new pleasure. Her hands fisted the sheets on each side of her, and her thighs rose to cradle Noah’s head in place. He increased the tempo as she squirmed under his mouth. Her moans and pants grew louder until he pinched her nipple.
“Oh my God….” She screamed as stars exploded across her eyes, her blood pounding in her ears. Her body convulsed with each lick on her clit as he brought her back from the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced.
When Sofia came down from her orgasm, Noah smiled and kissed his way up her body.
“How did you—” Her question once again lodged in her throat when his lips circled her nipple.
Her eyes rolled back at the pleasure coursing through her body. Her hand fastened his head to her breast while the other dragged her nails along his shoulders. Noah was nestled between her legs as he feasted on her, and she felt his hard length against her thigh. The build-up in her belly stunned her as he suckled her nipple. Noah pinched the other and nipped at the one in his mouth.
“Oh… God!” she cried as her body arched involuntarily and another orgasm consumed her body.
He didn’t give her time to recuperate. He sheathed his erection with a condom he’d found in his nightstand, and in one swift move, he buried himself to the hilt.
“You feel so damn good!” He groaned against her ear before pulling his hips back and pumping back into her warmth.
Noah took her mouth, mimicking each stroke of his dick. Clamping down, she hoped she could make him feel as good as he was making her feel. Sofia held on as his movements became more frantic with need. He pulled back, and the look in his eyes made her come all over again. One, two, three more pumps and Noah’s body jerked with his release before he collapsed on her.
They lay in a heap as their breaths slowly returned to normal. Sofia ran her hands up and down his back in a soothing nature. She wasn’t sure how she even had the energy to lift her arms. Their sexual encounter was nothing like she had experienced in the past. Her nipples had always been a hot button for her, but she had never climaxed from oral sex. Not only had Noah brought her to orgasm, but it was the strongest one she’d ever had, including the one on the porch.
“I’m sorry, I must be crushing you…” Noah removed himself from on top of her.
She felt the loss immediately. He discarded the used condom in the wastebasket by the bed and pulled her into his side.
They lay in silence, one of her legs draped over his as her hand roamed the expanse of his chest, and his hand caressed her arm.
“Wow…” Sofia gasped in a hoarse voice.
“Yeah, wow.” Noah placed a chaste kiss on top of her head. “So do you always scream that loud?”
“I did not scream!”
“Baby, don’t be surprised if Lindsey heard you.” The endearment flowed out naturally.
Sofia’s heart did a little bit of a trip at his use of “baby” before she groaned into his chest. “Shit, she’s not going to let it go either…” She burst into giggles.
“Probably not, and I’m sure I’ll get more death stares.”
Pulling back, Sofia looked at him. “She doesn’t give you death stares!”
“Um, yeah, she does.”
“Well, she’s protective.”
“So you’ve said.”
“Um- can I ask you a question?”
“After all of that?” he chuckled.
“I thought you hadn’t been with anyone after—”
“I hadn’t. At least not until you.” Noah tilted her face up. “What’s going—oh, you mean because of the condoms?” Sofia nodded. “Marc. He’s been very vocal about me needing to get back into the dating scene. After one of his “pep” talks, I found he put a box on my bed.”
After a moment, Sofia felt Noah’s body stiffen as he laid his forearm across his eyes. A pained groan came next. She grabbed his arm and brought it down so she could see him. “What is it?”
Troubled eyes stared back. “Lexi. She’s going to hate me if she finds out—”
Sofia laughed.
He growled in frustration before standing. “I’m glad you find this funny.”
“No, wait, come back here,” she told him, patting the bed. Noah laid back down next to her, and she straddled him, his erection ignored but nestled between them. “Lexi will be fine.”
“No, she won’t… how do you know?”
Sofia avoided his eyes as her hands roamed his chest. “Well, when we were heading to the dance, she told me to ask you out on a date…”
Noah stared at Sofia. “What?”
“She apparently noticed that we ‘had the hots for each other,’” Sofia said, using her fingers for air quotes then shrugging. She brought her hands back to his chest and let her fingertips glide in sensual movements as she enjoyed the feel of his skin.
“Well now—okay.” Noah rubbed his hands up to her hips and back down to her thighs. “You realize your hands are making me crazy, right?”
Sofia’s lips formed an “o.” “Well, in that case, I guess it’s my turn.” A naughty smile formed before she kissed his chest. Planting wet kisses, she worked her way down his body to the erection in need of attention.

* * *

“If you keep your hands to yourself, we can get a solid three hours of sleep,” Sofia scolded Noah as his hand snaked around her to grab her breast.
After their second session of lovemaking, they’d fallen asleep briefly before Noah had her primed and ready in a half-awake state. Sofia hadn’t realized a person could come that many times. To say the man had stamina was an understatement.
“Mmm… baby, you just feel so good!” he said into her ear, sending heat straight down to her core. His erection was back and nestled between her legs, pulsating as he rubbed against her.
Sofia whimpered. “I thought men couldn’t have multiple orgasms. How are you still even awake? How is he still working? Are you battery-powered and failed to inform me?”
She turned into his arms. Sofia couldn’t seem to deny him. Her body was sore and exhausted in the most delicious kind of way. She would need a hot shower in the morning to soothe her aching muscles.
Noah hooked her leg over his hip. “Last time, I promise. I just can’t get enough of you…” He plunged into her warmth.

* * *

Eight o’clock came too soon. Sofia needed to shower and beg Lindsey for a change of clothes. If anyone saw her leaving Noah’s house in last night’s dress, it would be all over town. Lindsey wouldn’t judge her. Tease her mercilessly? Yes, but no judging. When Sofia stretched her overworked body, she felt Noah’s hand on her breast, and she jumped clear across the room.
Leaning on one elbow, his hair a sexy mess from their lovemaking, he asked with a seductive smile, “Why are you running away, baby?”
“Don’t you baby me! You know exactly why. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go shower—alone!” she added at his eager eyes. Secretly pleased with his insatiable desire, she worried he’d kill her with pleasure if she gave in.
Sofia wanted a long hot shower, but she knew that was impossible. She worried Lexi would come home early, and she feared if she stayed in the shower too long, Noah would decide to join her. The thought brought a grin to her face, but she had to tamper it down. Last night had been incredible. She had honestly not planned on staying the night, but there she was. Worked into exhaustion, she’d fallen asleep in Noah’s arms after every bout of sex before he eventually coaxed her out of sleep and they ended up tangled in each other’s arms once again. Good thing she’d left her car at Lindsey’s. No one would question it there.
She shut the water off and dried her body as Noah walked into the bathroom in his glorious naked state. At the sight of him, her mouth watered.
When she bit her lip, his dick rose. “Sof, you better stop looking at me like that before I bend you over right here…”
Her eyes snapped up, and she rushed out of the bathroom. “Can I use your cell?” she shouted from the bedroom.
“Yeah, it’s probably in my jeans on the floor.”
Hearing the shower turn on, Sofia spotted the jeans by the door. Dialing the phone number from memory, Sofia searched for one of Noah’s long T-shirts.
“Hello?” Lindsey answered uncertainly.
“Hey, Linz—”
“Hello, yourself. I was just thinking about you, seeing that your car is in my driveway, and you’re not here.”
“Yeah, about that—”
“Oh, you don’t have to tell me where you are. I can guess that Noah’s late-night screamer was you?” Lindsey burst into a fit of laughter.
Sofia covered her face with her hand. “Oh, God.”
“Oh God all right. Apparently, you did some serious praying—all night long—”
“Um, you think you can bring me a change of clothes? Pretty please!”
“Yeah, I’ll be right over. Just know this isn’t the end of it. I need to hear about that fine-ass man next door and how he had you screaming,” Lindsey said before hanging up.
“Told you, you screamed.” Wearing nothing but a towel around his hips and an arrogant smile, Noah leaned against the door frame. Water dripped from his hair down his neck and chest. Mouth. Watering.
Sofia plopped back on the bed and covered her face with embarrassment. Lowering her hands when the bed dipped next to her, she found Noah’s heated gaze on her face.
“So beautiful—and let me tell you, you look hot in my shirt.” He dipped his head forward and gave her a tender kiss before moving to his closet for clothes.
The doorbell rang, and Sofia hurried to answer it. Thankful for the peephole, she confirmed it was Lindsey. How much would that have sucked if she had answered his door in his T-shirt to someone else from town?
“Here ya go. Nice shirt by the way.” Lindsey winked and turned to walk back to her house.
“Thanks!” she yelled before closing the door.
She headed back to Noah’s room and took it in for the first time. In the middle sat the bed and its tangled sheets. A nightstand on one side and a chest against a wall. The walls were bare, and a dresser devoid of any knick-knacks was against the far wall. The room was neat and tidy if she ignored her dress, shoes, and his jeans on the floor.

* * *

After ignoring the sound of the shower and the images of Sofia covered in suds, Noah pulled a random T-shirt over his head as the last night’s activities came rushing back. It had been amazing. She was amazing. Somehow every time he turned around, he had an erection that could pound nails. It didn’t seem to matter that he had come countless times. They could have sex like that on a daily basis, and he feared he’d still have a raging hard-on. He couldn’t seem to get enough of the woman.
Noah looked down at his semi-erect dick. “Sorry buddy, playtime’s over.”
Walking into his room after dressing, Noah found Sofia sliding her arms into a maroon tank top. She wore jean shorts, and her feet were still bare, although he saw the flip-flops by them. Her relaxed clothes made his chest ache, but before he could question it, he pushed the feeling into the far recesses of his mind.
“So um, Marc is coming over later and I’m barbecuing some burgers. You and Lindsey are welcome to come over and hang out. Lexi texted me while you went downstairs. She wants to stay at Angie’s for dinner, so she won’t be home until this evening. Unless of course you already have plans?” he rambled nervously. Why were his palms sweating over this invite when he had just spent the better part of the night exploring her body? God, that body. That woman.
“No—”
“Oh, okay,” Noah quickly spit out and turned toward the door, needing to hide his disappointment.
Sofia coughed, drawing his attention. “No. No, I don’t have plans. I’ll see if Lindsey wants to join us.”
Noah studied her a moment, he didn’t want her coming back unless she really wanted to. After seeing her sincerity he relaxed, the corners of his mouth tipping up. Sofia smiled shyly, reminding him of how beautiful the woman really was. He needed to touch her, to hold her, to kiss her.
He stalked to her and pulled her by the waist, crushing her body against his as he captured her lips in a slow, seductive kiss. After a minute, he placed his forehead against hers as they regained their normal breathing. He forced himself to calm his raging libido. While all he wanted was to take her back to bed, their time together had proven that there was more to them than their physical attraction. Sofia wasn’t a means to an itch, even if she did a fantastic job scratching it.
“I better go…” She stepped back to grab her things.
Noah nodded and walked her to the front porch, where he took her chin in hand and placed a quick kiss on her lips. “I’ll see you around three then?”
“Sure.”
Noah watched her leave and realized the next few hours were going to drag. “Ah, hell.”

* * *

After leaving Noah’s, Sofia visited Lindsey, who thoroughly quizzed her on the night before. Lindsey learned about the barbecue invitation, which she couldn’t turn down since A) she loved a barbecue, and B) it meant she wouldn’t have to cook for one. A few hours later, the friends headed to the local grocery store down the street from Sofia’s to pick up beer.
“Man, I still can’t believe that happened,” Lindsey said, standing in front of the beer cooler.
“I can’t either…” Sofia grabbed a twelve-pack of Hefeweizen.
After she placed it in the cart, they continued, then Lindsey went back and grabbed the last one off the shelf. Sofia raised an eyebrow at her friend.
“I’m all out at home. We can always have a couple before the barbecue.” Laughing, the friends moved down the aisle.
“I bet Suzanne will comment on these if she’s the one at checkout,” Sofia said as they entered the chips aisle.
“‘Ladies don’t drink,’” Lindsey imitated the woman’s Southern drawl.
Sofia grabbed chips and salsa and made a mental note to grab a few avocados to make guacamole. When they rounded the corner toward the produce, they almost rammed their cart into Jaxson, who exited the next aisle with an empty cart. He wore his Belles Groceries polo and his name tag pinned over his left breast.
“Hi, Jax. Did you have fun last night?” Sofia asked with a knowing smile.
“Yes, ma’am, I did. Thank you.” His cheeks turned a shade of pink, and he attempted to escape as politely as he could, but Lindsey wasn’t having any of that.
Lindsey put her hands on her hips. “So are you going to actually ask her out?”
“Umm…” His voice cracked with embarrassment even though he’d obviously finished that part of puberty.
“Because if you do, you better treat that girl right. We think you’re a good kid and your mama raised you right, but if you hurt her, it won’t be just her daddy who’s gonna speak with you…”
Sofia startled at Lindsey’s tone. Lindsey had spent less time with Lexi than Sofia had, and she hadn’t realized Lexi had fallen into the protected circle of those Lindsey loved.
He bobbed his head up and down. “Yes, ma’am.”
Sofia put her hand on his arm. “If you do like her, I suggest you pursue her. You’re a sweet young man. But like Lindsey said, your mama taught you well, so please don’t hurt her.” With that, Sofia squeezed his arm, smiled, and pushed the cart forward.
After gathering the last of their groceries, they walked to the register where Suzanne sat. The woman was in her fifties, not a gray strand in her black shoulder-length hair. Her glasses hung around her neck and a book sat in her lap.
Lindsey placed their items on the counter. “Hello, Suzanne.”
“Lindsey, how are you? I haven’t seen you in service. Is everything okay?” the woman asked with concern as she placed her book under the counter.
“I’ve been well, thank you,” Lindsey said, avoiding the question regarding church.
“Hello, Sofia. How’s business?” Suzanne asked as she grabbed an avocado.
“Good, thank you. How’s your family?” Sofia put the beer on the counter and anticipated Suzanne’s reaction. Lindsey began to cough as they both tried to contain their laughter.
“They’re well, thank you. Jimmy’s doing well at LSU, and Mary’s enjoying her new job in the city. Matt has been complaining about some back pain, so I haven’t let him come in to help out here.” Suzanne gasped, “Oh dear, ladies, is all this beer for you two? I hope not, because you know that ladies don’t drink. You two aren’t alcoholics, are you? Do I need to add you to our prayer chain? Are you depressed because you’re spinsters?”
Lindsey chose that moment to go buy gum from the gumball machine, leaving Sofia to deal with the inquisition. Looking at Lindsey, Sofia caught her expression in the reflection of the glass and narrowed her eyes.
Sofia took a deep breath and answered in her most cordial tone, “No, Suzanne, we aren’t alcoholics. I don’t think we’re spinsters either, thank you. How much do I owe you?”
After paying, they walked the groceries down the street to Sofia’s apartment. She let them in, and they placed the beer in the fridge after grabbing one each, then they went to the living room to relax. The grocery store wasn’t far from her apartment, but after carrying two twelve-packs and three bags of groceries between them, their arms were in need of a break.
“You do realize I’m going to get you back for abandoning me and making me answer all of Suzanne’s questions.” Sofia slipped her legs under her and lifted the beer to her lips.
Shrugging her shoulder, Lindsey tipped back her beer. “If I didn’t walk away, I would have been bent over laughing my ass off, and since I didn’t want to offend the woman, I left you to deal.”
“Okay, just know you’ve been warned.”
Chapter 11
Noah took a sip from the bottle after pouring some beer in the bowl. After washing his hands again, he delved into the mixture, rolling out even-sized balls of meat. Music played from his phone on the counter, and his head moved with the beat.
Six hours had passed since he had seen Sofia, and he couldn’t wait to see her again. Last night had been amazing. Each time he rolled over in bed and found her curled up next to him, he couldn’t help but lose himself in her. She’d matched him move for move and gave as good as she got. The thought of sliding into her warmth made him crush the ball in his hand at the same time he heard the front door open. Looking down, he saw the ridge of his erection pushing against his jeans.
A moment later, Marc stepped into the kitchen with a twelve-pack of beer and a grocery bag. He laughed. “Happy to see me? Although I’m sorry to inform you, you can’t have this piece of ass, man.”
“Shut the fuck up.” Noah finished rolling the final ball. “The patties are almost done.”
“Cool. I brought some jalapeño-cheddar-stuffed brats that we can cook too. Want me to turn the grill on?” Marc asked, reaching for the sliding door off the dining room.
“Actually no, we need to wait.”
Clearly confused, Marc closed the door and headed back the way he came. “Wait for what? If you plan on doing something with that hard-on, it better be after I leave.” Marc made himself comfortable at the breakfast bar and looked from the food to Noah. “Lexi having a friend come over too?”
“No.”
“Are you—blushing? What’s up with you?” Marc asked as the doorbell rang.
Noah looked up at his friend then down at his dirty hands. “Um, can you get that?”
Marc got up and grabbed a beer on his way to the living room. Noah heard Marc open the door. He quickly washed the sticky raw beef off his hands and made his way there.
He heard Marc question, “Hi?” Arriving, he noticed Marc staring out the open door.
A throat cleared. “Can we come in please?”
The sound of Sofia’s voice sped Noah’s heart as he pulled the door from Marc’s grasp. “Hi, Sof, Lindsey, come on in. Sorry about Marc. He seems to be—I don’t know what he is.”
“Hi, Noah. Thanks.” Sofia stepped into the house.
Now that she’d arrived, even with her unsure smile, something inside him settled. Noah noticed the tight grip she held on the beer as she held it to her chest like a shield.
“Thanks for bringing beer.” Noah grabbed the bottle opener from the drawer. “Would you like one now?”
Both women nodded.
“Do you want a glass, or is the bottle fine?” Noah’s eyes fell on Sofia, whose cheeks were sporting a sweet blush. It reminded him of the glow her body sported post-orgasm.
“Bottle.”
“Glass.”
Noah opened the bottles and gave one to Sofia. Reaching into the cabinet, he grabbed a pint glass, then he poured the beer in it for Lindsey. Nerves frayed, he poured the liquid too quickly but managed not to spill any.
“Shit. Sorry about that.” After passing Lindsey the foamy glass, he turned to gather what he needed for the grill.
“Damn, Noah, you gave her a lot of head,” Marc said, referring to the foam at the top of the glass.
“That’s fine, I don’t mind head.” Lindsey brought the glass to her upturned lips. Then she ran her tongue over her upper lip to gather the foam.
Chuckling, Noah watched as Marc’s eyes became glued to Lindsey’s mouth. He noticed Sofia watch their friends and laugh. The sweet sound reached down into a deep part of him that hadn’t been stirred in years.
“Marc, can you light the grill for me, man?” Noah asked as he sliced a tomato.
With a grunt, Marc took his beer outside.
“Thanks for the invite.” Lindsey sat on the barstool Marc had vacated before their arrival.
“No problem.” Noah smiled.
Sofia looked around the kitchen. “Can I help you with something?”
“Can you grab the paper plates? They’re in the cabinet by the fridge.”
Noah and Sofia worked together as if they had been doing it for years. They exchanged subtle touches here and there, still unsure around their friends.
“So, Noah, before you lived here, what did you do?” Lindsey asked.
The sliding glass door opened, and Marc entered the house.
“I was a cop in the Air Force,” Noah said as Marc slid onto the stool next to Lindsey.
“Oh okay, were you stationed at Barksdale?” Lindsey asked.
“No, I was at Peterson in Colorado.” He finished cutting some red onions.
Sofia pointed a bun between the two men. “How’d you two meet?”
Marc laughed. “We met in junior high when I pantsed Noah in front of Vanessa, who he happened to be trying to ask out at that exact moment.”
“Vanessa?” Lindsey asked.
Noah visibly tensed. Sofia cleared her throat as the mood shifted.
“His wife,” Marc said.
Sofia placed her hand on Noah’s back in a soothing gesture. The muscles that had bunched began to relax almost immediately. Sofia smeared a light layer of mayonnaise on the buns. “Where’d you guys go to high school?”
Noah threw away the unused bits of vegetables. “Saint Andrews, in the city.” He looked up and saw Sofia raise an eyebrow at Lindsey.
“Where’s the bathroom?” Excusing herself, Lindsey went down the hall.
Noah gathered his grilling tools. “How about you, Sof? Where did you go to school?”
Sofia shifted from foot to foot. “Washington High.”
“Oh. So what did you do before you moved here?” Marc asked as Noah watched her from the corner of his eye.
“I worked for the city as a juvenile probation officer.”
Noah noticed that her shoulders, which had tensed up earlier, were now relaxing again.
“Really? So I’m assuming you got a criminal justice degree somewhere?” Marc asked.
“Yes.”
“Where?”
Noah couldn’t help but mentally applaud Marc for asking the questions he hadn’t thought to ask.
Sofia looked at her beer before looking between both men. “Loyola.”
Lindsey returned at that moment. “So how about dem burgers?” She placed her arm around Sofia’s waist and gave her a brief squeeze. The move was protective, leaving Noah feeling like he missed something.
A moment later, Noah walked to the back door, his brain trying to understand how Sofia had gone to the dumpiest high school in the city, yet managed to get into an expensive and prestigious university like Loyola. He’d have to remember to ask Sofia about that later. She was obviously uncomfortable about the topic, so he would wait until they were alone.
Balancing the tools and plate of patties in one hand, Noah opened the door. “Marc, can you grab the cheese and the rest of the stuff? I have the table outside so we can build them out there and eat.”

* * *

After the men stepped outside, Lindsey turned to Sofia. “You good?”
“Yeah, I’m sure they’re churning over the question of how I went to Washington Heights and managed a degree from Loyola,” Sofia spoke into the bottle.
Washington High was not in a nice area. Hell, even people from the bad areas shied away from it. Her mom had busted her ass to send Sofia to a private school across town, but Sofia told her no. She made do and had wonderful teachers who also made do with the scraps they had been given to teach the kids everyone expected to end up working the streets.
“Well, we knew it would come up. It’s not a big deal, you know. Just because your grandfather was once the mayor and he’s connected to every damn thing in the city doesn’t mean you were handed anything. Noah won’t look at you differently.”
All Sofia did was look at her friend skeptically before turning for the door. “I guess we’ll see.”
Stepping out of the house, Sofia took a breath and braced herself. Better that this came out now rather than when she fell for him. Hell, she was already tumbling down that rabbit hole.
Sofia walked to the railing and leaned against it. When she looked up at Noah, he watched her with a worried expression. She gave him a tight smile and tipped back the bottle.
Noah turned up the music on the back speakers, and after a quick look at the food, he came to Sofia’s side. He placed his fingers under her chin and turned her face to meet his eyes. “You okay, baby?”
“Yeah.” Her eyes looked into his, searching.
“Hey, don’t do that. You’re shutting down on me, and I feel like it’s for something I haven’t even done.” After giving her the sweetest kiss, he placed his forehead on hers. “Please don’t shut me out.” After another quick kiss, he turned and went back to the grill. A few minutes later, he removed the patties from the heat. “Burgers are ready!”
Needing a moment to herself, Sofia went inside the house as Noah put the plate of cooked meat on the table. Sofia stood at the counter, popping open a beer, when the door slid open. She followed Noah with her eyes as he placed a dirty dish in the sink then moved across the kitchen to where she stood rooted to the floor.
Noah blocked Sofia in with a hand on each side of her on the counter. He placed an innocent kiss on her lips before nudging her face up and locking eyes with hers. “Please don’t look so sad. You’re here to have a nice, relaxing afternoon. You don’t have to answer any questions you don’t want to.”
Sofia lifted her hand to his cheek. “I just don’t want you looking at me differently.”
She pulled him down and kissed him passionately. The muscles under her fingers tensed as she ran her tongue along his lower lip. His hands gripped her hips, his fingers biting into her flesh before sliding to her backside and grabbing her ass. His growing erection pressed against her belly.
The kiss went from hot to scorching in a matter of seconds. The food and guests on the back porch were forgotten as their hands searched for warm skin. Labored breathing and moans filled the kitchen. Noah placed her on the counter’s edge, and her legs wrapped around his waist instinctively. Pulling up on Noah’s shirt, Sofia’s hands froze at the sound of a soft chuckle before someone cleared their throat.
“Um, I didn’t realize we’d be getting dinner and a show.” Marc laughed.
“Fuck off, Marc!” Noah growled with frustration.
“Food’s getting cold,” he said and shut the door as he laughed harder outside.
Noah placed his forehead against hers as they tried to calm their hormones. What was it about this man? He’d almost taken her in the kitchen with their friends just a few feet from them, and she didn’t give a damn.
“I’m sorry about that,” he whispered.
With a nod, Sofia lifted her lips to Noah’s for a quick kiss then slid off the counter. She checked that her clothes covered all the important parts and stepped out of the coverage his body provided. Sofia sighed. “Well, they’re not going to let us live this one down, will they?”
“Nope. I’m not worried about it though. Are you?” He wrapped his arms around her waist and brought his lips to her neck.
She leaned back into his embrace before turning in his arms, her hands on his chest. “No.”
Sofia looked into his eyes, and this time, her smile reached her eyes when she kissed him. Noah stepped back, gave her the beer, and grabbed her hand before he walked them toward the patio.
“Guess we’re making this public.” Noah squeezed her hand and ushered her toward the food.
“Guess so.”
Joining their friends, they went and fixed their burgers. Sitting in a patio swivel chair, Noah placed his beer on the table next to him. He snagged Sofia by the waist before she could sit in the chair to his right, and he pulled her into his lap, grabbed her beer, and placed it next to his. One long arm wrapped around her waist and the other dug into his plate.
“Eat, baby,” he insisted between bites.
Startled, Sofia looked at Lindsey, who gave her a bright smile, while Marc seemed at ease with their display of affection. Noah’s arm squeezed her just as his lips kissed her neck. Her body relaxed, and she followed his direction to eat.
As the guys talked about a construction project they were working on for Marc’s company, the women ate in silence. With no distractions, Sofia ate her food rather quickly. Within moments of finishing, Noah grabbed her plate and set it next to his own. He handed her her beer, pulled her legs across his lap—tucking her into him—and relaxed.
Sofia relaxed after folding herself into him. She was tired after he’d kept her up most of the night, and to be honest, if Marc and Lindsey weren’t around, they’d be upstairs instead. Under her, he hardened as if he had heard her thoughts, and a quiet giggle escaped her lips.
“Did you hear me, man?” Marc’s voice, half annoyance and half amusement, said.
“Nah, sorry, what was that?”
“I wanted to know if you could help us with that charity project?” Marc added, “You know the one Mrs. Blanc is heading with the women’s shelter? They need an addition to their building to house counseling for teens or some shit like that.”
Sofia tensed almost immediately. Lindsey’s eyes widened before she began coughing. What the hell?
“This is the free labor job you told me about a few weeks back?” His hand rubbed Sofia’s thigh. His other thumb traced circles on her hip as he cradled her body.
“Yeah. She said they’d pay for the supplies if we could provide the manpower for free. I figured you might be interested in helping a women’s shelter,” Marc said, shifting his eyes toward Lindsey.
“Yeah, just tell me when and I’ll work my schedule around to be there.” Noah gripped Sofia’s chin, turned her face up, and looked into her eyes. Sofia bit her lip and felt Noah look past her defenses. Running his thumb across her lip, he bent his head and kissed her. “You know we’re going to talk about it, right?”
Sofia was pretty sure she knew what he was talking about, Mrs. Blanc, aka her biological grandmother. Before she could answer, Lindsey’s phone rang with a country ringtone. Sofia’s gaze flew to her friend, happy to have the moment sway them away from the topic at hand. When Lindsey smiled at her screen, Sofia noticed Marc’s eyes narrow on her friend.
“Hey,” Lindsey said sweetly when she answered. “Good—Yeah, that would be nice—How about Whiskey’s?—Okay, See you soon.”
“Who was that?” Marc barked.
Lindsey’s body snapped at Marc’s tone. “None of your damn business.” She looked down at her watch before turning, “Sof, you think you can come help me get ready?”
Sofia looked from Lindsey to Noah. “Sorry, baby.” She placed her hands on his jaw. Leaning in, she kissed him, telling him with her lips that she promised to make up for bailing on him. “Yeah, girl, let’s go.”
“It’s fine. Maybe afterward we can do something. I haven’t heard from Lex yet today, so I’ll call and let you know,” Noah’s husky voice replied.
Sofia stood and gently pushed Noah back down. “No, we’ll see ourselves out. Bye, Marc.”
“Bye, Sofia. Lindsey.” The latter came out on a growl.
“Bye,” Lindsey mumbled at Marc before she gave Noah a smile. “Thanks for the invite, Noah.”
After Lindsey stepped into the house, Noah told no one in particular, “At least she found a new victim for the death stares.”
Sofia laughed as she followed Lindsey inside and made their way out the front door.

* * *

Sofia hadn’t been home long when her phone rang. A quick look at the screen showed her Noah’s number. “Hi.”
“Hey, baby. So Lexi’s staying the night at her friend’s again. She actually just left. Marc’s in a pissy-ass mood, and we are almost out of beer. Do you think you can pick us up and we can go to Whiskey’s?”
Sofia glanced at her watch—it was almost seven. “Yeah, that sounds good. I’ll come and get you in thirty.” The line went quiet for a few seconds. She looked at her phone and realized Noah hadn’t hung up.
“Thanks. So um… I can’t wait to see you. If Marc wasn’t staying the night, I’d tell you to pack a bag, but I don’t expect you’d want to with him here.”
“Yeah, no. It’s bad enough Lindsey heard me last night when she lives in the house next door.” Sofia heard his chuckle, and it warmed her through and through.
“Okay, we’ll be ready for you in thirty.”
“Okay.”
Sofia went into her closet and pulled out a nice curve-hugging pair of jeans that complimented her ass and a blouse that showed off a sexy amount of cleavage, and she set them on her bed. She grabbed a matching bra and thong in black lace and headed to her bathroom to clean up. Noah wouldn’t see them, but they made her feel sexy.
Thirty minutes later, Sofia pulled into Noah’s driveway. Noah opened the door in a nice pair of jeans and a dark blue untucked button-down shirt.
Noah’s eyes darkened, “Wow. You look great.”
He took one long stride to reach her, and his mouth came down on hers with enough pressure that sent a rush of heat through her, desire pooling in her belly. His fingers dug into her hips before roaming back to cup her ass and squeeze.
Marc chuckled from the doorway. “Geez, you two need a damn room.”
Noah pulled away, his eyes crinkled with laughter. He gave her a chaste kiss and grabbed her hand.
“Hey, Marc,” she told him before taking a good look at him. Hot damn, the ladies at Whiskey’s wouldn’t survive two men of their caliber. “You look hot!” Her eyes returned to Noah’s and found them narrowed. Oops, maybe she should have kept her mouth shut. “What? He does! The women at Whiskey’s won’t survive the night with you two dressed—well, dressed like that.”
Still nothing from Noah’s stone-like expression. She looked at Marc, who rocked back on his heels and laughed.
“I like her,” he said and walked past them to Sofia’s car.
Sofia moved into Noah. “Oh come on, I’m here for you.”
Grabbing him by the neck, she pulled his face down and gave him a toe-curling kiss, ending it by sucking on his lower lip. Her hand grabbed his ass before she turned and walked to the car, a growl sounding behind her.
After Noah folded his six-foot-four-inch frame into the car, Marc teased, “So, Sofia, seeing that you think I’m hot and all, when will you be done with this chump so we can ride off into the sunset?”
Sofia looked into the rearview mirror and saw the laughter in Marc’s eyes. He was just baiting Noah, which of course worked.
“Marc. Shut. The. Fuck. Up. Or so help me, they won’t find the body,” Noah told his long-time friend with a growl.
Sofia and Marc burst into laughter, which only made Noah’s mood darker. She grabbed Noah’s hand and squeezed it as she drove to Whiskey’s. After parking the car in her usual spot, she rounded the car to Noah’s side. Smiling at him, she locked the car after Marc closed the door.
Marc looked around with puzzlement. “Um, you got private parking here, or are you risking being towed?”
Noah pointed out the building to their left. “Sofia owns this building. She lives upstairs and runs her business downstairs.”
“Ah, okay. So Sofia, you ready to skip town?” Marc laughed.
“Get your own woman. She’s mine. God knows I waited long enough.” Noah tucked Sofia into his side and draped his arm over her shoulders.
He only removed himself from that position to open the door for her. Sofia wasn’t worried about the banter between them now. She could tell that her initial comment had made Noah uneasy, but she had also made it known who she wanted.
She’d chaperoned a dance twenty-four hours ago, and now she was out with Noah and his best friend, teasing him as if they had been together for ages. His “God knows I waited long enough” comment wasn’t lost on her, and it made her heart fill with emotions she wouldn’t allow herself to even consider. Things were too fresh, too new. She preferred walking slowly into a body of water that could swallow her whole versus drowning because she decided to jump into the deep end, but it seemed her heart had different plans. Her mind refused to contemplate any other possibility.
Chapter 12
After they stepped into Whiskey’s, Sofia saw Derek at the bar. When she spotted the second drink next to him, she took a quick look around to see where Lindsey was hiding. Noah gently pulled her toward an empty booth, but she squeezed his hand and let go.
“I’ll be right back,” she said and walked to the bar. “Hey, Jesse. Derek. Where’s Jaime Lynn?”
“Hey, Sof. She’s in the back with Lindsey. What’s the story there?” Jesse nodded at the booth as he flipped the dishrag over his shoulder. Popping a beer open, he walked it over to Old Man Bert, who sat at his normal stool. She bet his moves could be performed in his sleep.
She shrugged a shoulder and smiled at him. Sofia turned to Derek. “Have fun tonight.”
After winking at the history teacher, she walked back to Noah. There she saw Annabelle leaning into Noah while displaying her twins. Marc wasn’t at the booth, but with a quick look around, she found him at the old-school jukebox tucked in the corner.
“Darlin’, what can I do for you?” Annabelle asked Noah in a sex kitten voice.
Sofia rolled her eyes at the blatant innuendo.
“Jack and Coke.” He looked over her shoulder and spotted Sofia. He began to stand, a difficult task since Annabelle had planted herself firmly at his side. “Baby, what do you want to drink?” he asked letting her slip into her seat.
Glancing at Annabelle, Sofia observed not only the fury on the waitress’s face but black filling in her aura. As she sat beside Noah, Sofia looked from Annabelle’s face to Noah, who only had eyes for her. “A cosmo would be great, thanks.”
Annabelle walked away in a huff when she realized she’d lost Noah’s attention, not that she ever really had it.
Noah placed his arm around Sofia’s shoulder and rubbed circles on her arm. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah, just seeing if Jaime Lynn was in and saying hello to Jesse and Derek.” She nodded toward the bar.
Noah’s eyes drifted down to her breasts and darkened before he tipped his mouth to her ear. “You are so damn beautiful.”
“Bet you tell all the girls that,” she teased.
“Nope. Only the one I haven’t been able to stop thinking about since I first saw her right here.”
Sofia didn’t know how to respond to that, and luckily she didn’t have to. As Marc slipped in across from them, Annabelle returned with their drinks. She reached across Noah to place Sofia’s drink on the table and, in the process, shoved all her cleavage in his face. The look of disgust on Noah’s face made Sofia need to cover her laughter at the audacity of the woman.
Sofia placed her hand on Noah’s thigh as Annabelle asked, “Would you like anything else, sugar?”
Noah didn’t get a chance to answer since Marc thought to chime in with, “See, sweetheart, you should just run away with me.”
Annabelle must have not noticed him until that moment because when she did, her eyes bugged out. Her tongue licked her cherry lips, and she looked him up and down. Moving closer to Marc, Annabelle pushed her breasts in his direction. “And what can I do for you, sugar?”
“Whiskey, neat,” he answered her with a quick glance at her before returning his attention to Sofia and the bear growling at him.
“I get off at eleven,” Annabelle hinted, not being too subtle.
“Seriously, what do you see in him? I bet he won’t even dance with you,” Marc teased.
Annabelle, on the other hand, glared at Sofia and turned on her heel. Sofia looked around as the pub filled up with locals. Tables had been moved to allow some space for couples who wanted to dance. Jaime Lynn and Lindsey stood at the bar.
She took a sip of her cosmo before answering Marc. “He’s damn good in bed, that’s what.”
Noah brought his drink down from his lips and laughed. Grabbing her chin, Noah tipped her lips up for a kiss. “Best answer, baby. Now, Marc, knock it off.” Noah returned his lips to hers, adding a quick swipe of his tongue.
“Well hot damn, look at this here. You’ve been holding out on me, Sof?”
Jaime Lynn’s voice slowly penetrated the haze that formed each time Noah kissed Sofia. Sofia cleared her throat. “Hi, Jaime Lynn. I see it’s picking up.”
“Noah,” he told Jaime Lynn as he extended his hand.
“Hi, Noah. Lindsey just told me all about you. Apparently, I have to get news through the grapevine.”
“Lindsey?” Marc asked.
“Yeah, Lindsey. The brunette over there with the blond man.” Jaime Lynn turned toward Sofia. “I’m surprised it took Derek this long to finally ask her out. About damn time. Well, I better get back to the bar. Looks like Jesse’s gonna need the extra hands tonight. Do you need anything else? Fried pickles?”
“Oh God, yes!” Sofia answered.
“Ha! Yeah, Lindsey told me about that too.” Jaime Lynn laughed and walked away.
Covering her face in mortification, Sofia curled into Noah’s chest as his body trembled with laughter. “Oh God.” Her muffled voice rang out loud enough that Noah laughed harder.
Marc turned to Sofia. “So… I’m guessing you’re a screamer?”
Sofia lifted her face as Noah stopped laughing.
Noah and Sofia glared at Marc. “So why are you so jealous?” She asked and nodded toward Lindsey and Derek sitting at the bar. Lindsey’s head was tilted back as she laughed and her hand was on Derek’s arm.
Annabelle returned with Marc’s whiskey and placed it on the table. When Marc turned to her and mumbled, “Thanks,” she gave it another go. “You’re welcome, honey. Anything else I can do you for?”
Sofia’s body trembled with laughter. Marc looked from one woman to the other, clearly wondering what was up. He took a quick look over Annabelle’s shoulder, and Sofia saw him spot Derek pushing a loose strand of hair behind Lindsey’s ear. Anger and jealousy flashed around Marc before he turned to Annabelle.
“Well, darling, how about you bring me another whiskey, neat?” Marc asked her in his most charming voice.
Annabelle visibly brightened and shifted forward, offering him another view of her breasts. “Coming right up, honey.” She turned and sashayed back to the bar.
“She’s not very original, is she?” Sofia asked.
“No, she’s not.” Noah tipped her head back and gave her a kiss that was interrupted by “kissy” noises.
Pulling back from Noah, she spotted Jaime Lynn walking away and the fried pickles on the table. Sofia grabbed a pickle. Closing her lips around it, she moaned as she savored the flavor before chewing.
Noah watched the display and lowered his lips to her ear. “What I wouldn’t do to hear you moan like that in my bed again…”
His tongue darted along her ear, and the combination of what he’d said, his breath, and his tongue had Sofia’s panties growing damp.
Noah threw back the rest of his drink and stood, grabbing Sofia’s hand. He hauled her up with him. “Come on, it’s time to dance.”
Sofia’s heart fluttered. He could dance? She followed him to where a few couples swayed on the dance floor to a country love song. Noah stopped and turned, pulling her into his arms. His hands tugged her hips in, cradling them against his body. Sofia ran her hands up his chest in feather-like strokes before linking her fingers behind his neck. Rubbing his chin along the side of her head, they swayed to the music.
Sofia relished the feel of his hard body against her own. A shiver ran through her as her mind drifted to memories of the night before. Noah’s mouth came down to her ear, sending another ripple down her body.
“I tried to stay away, but after last night, I can’t think about anything but keeping you close,” Noah whispered in her ear. “I haven’t stopped thinking about your silky skin or how sweet you smell.”
Sofia pulled her face back and looked into his eyes. She had been reading people since she could remember, and while she couldn’t see his aura, she knew it cost him to admit that. She kissed him before tucking her head under his chin.
“You going to tell me why you froze when you mentioned you graduated from Loyola? We’ll get to how you went from a no-star school to an elite in a second.” He rubbed her back soothingly when she tensed in his arms. When she relaxed some, he returned his hands to her hips and pulled back enough to watch her answer.
Sofia sighed. “Where should I start?”
“Well, since we’re in public, we can just start with the part about school. The rest can wait until we’re alone.”
“Okay… well, my dad died when I was little. Mom worked hard to take care of me, and I worked hard to make things easier on her. I made sure I got great grades, and once I could work, I could afford an additional class or two at the community college. I was hoping it would help me get a scholarship at a good school. Honestly, I had never thought Loyola would be interested in me, but I still put in an application. I got in, and I wasn’t sure how I would be able to afford to go there. But that spring I made certain choices, and because of them, I got help from family. So I went.”
Noah was an observant man. She noticed his eyes narrow briefly when she’d condensed her explanation. A pub wasn’t the place for the heavy stuff, and if things worked out between them, he’d have the full story.
“I’m sorry about your dad. How’d he die?” Noah kissed her forehead.
“Thanks. It was a long time ago. An oil rig accident.”
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“No, just me. Mom and Dad couldn’t have any. I was adopted. I still feel very blessed that they wanted me.”
“Oh. That must have been hard.”
“For some maybe, but not for me. They told me when I was little, but they never treated me like I was anything but their flesh and blood.” She smiled. “How about you? Any brothers or sisters?”
“Two sisters. Pains in my ass, but I love them. Marc’s always been like my brother from another mother.”
They both looked over and spotted Marc flirting with Annabelle until he noticed Derek get up and go to the bathroom. Then Marc excused himself and strode over to Noah and Sofia.
“May I cut in?” he asked Noah, who narrowed his eyes.
“Watch your hands, bud,” Noah warned Marc with a growl before walking away.
Marc chuckled. “I haven’t seen him like this in a long time. I’m relieved to see him acting like his old self. Thank you, Sofia.” He dropped a kiss on the top of her head.
“Uh…” Not knowing how to respond, she nodded and smiled back.
“Is that Lindsey’s boyfriend?” he blurted.
“Derek’s a date.”
“Nothing serious?” he asked with an intensity Sofia had not expected.
“Not as of right now, no. Why?”
“Good.”
“Wait a minute, you were just flirting up a storm with Annabelle, who may I mention is staring daggers at me right now.”
Smiling down at her, Marc gave her another quick kiss on the head. “Thanks for the dance, Sofia. I’m feeling kind of thirsty. You want anything?”
Just like that, he walked backward toward the bar, or toward Lindsey, to be specific. Sofia laughed and shook her head before returning to Noah at the table, where Annabelle was trying for round two. Once Sofia was close enough, Noah reached for her hand and tugged her onto his lap. The quick move had him mere inches from the overeager waitress’s cleavage.
He placed a kiss on Sofia’s neck. “Do you want another drink, baby?”
Sofia shifted and wrapped her arm around Noah’s neck to stabilize herself. She looked up at the waitress’s angry face and tensed at the enormity of the negative colors flowing around her. “Um… water, please?”
Annabelle turned on her heel before Sofia had even finished her “please,” and Sofia was pretty sure she heard “bitch” tumble under the woman’s breath.
“So what did Marc want?” Noah interrupted her thoughts.
“Something about being glad to see you being yourself again, but I’m pretty sure he only wanted to get info on Lindsey and her date.” Sofia nodded toward the bar where Derek, Marc, and Lindsey stood.
“Probably. I have never seen him be such an ass to a woman. Well, once before, but that was when we were kids. She was the little sister of a best friend of ours. Wait a second…”
Noah turned and narrowed his eyes on the trio. Lindsey, who was obviously annoyed with Marc’s presence, grabbed Derek’s hand and tugged them out of the pub, presumably to the movie they had planned on attending.
“Holy shit.”
“What?”
“What’s Lindsey’s last name?” Noah asked as Marc slipped onto a stool at the bar and threw back another shot.
“Roman. Why? What the hell is going on in your head?”
Noah burst out laughing. He put his head on top of Sofia’s as his body trembled. Sofia couldn’t help but smile at his transformation. He seemed to be enjoying himself over whatever knowledge he had just gained.
“Okay, come on, baby. Why’d you want to know?” Sofia pleaded.
“Oh man! So I don’t know if either of them realize this—and I can’t believe I didn’t figure it out earlier—Lindsey is the only female to ever affect Marc like that.” His eyes pleaded with her to understand.
“But you just said…” Understanding dawned on Sofia. “Oh man! Wait until—”
“No, don’t say a damn thing to her. They’ll figure it out eventually, and I’m going to enjoy every bit of this in the meantime.”
“That’s messed up.”
“No, it’s payback. Marc needs to be knocked down a notch,” Noah told her as another woman approached Marc and the two flirted.
“How you folks doing tonight?” Sheriff Randy asked.
Noah and Sofia had been so wrapped up in their talk that they didn’t notice the sheriff and his date approaching them.
“Hello, Sheriff. Ma’am.” Noah acknowledged the woman with salt-and-pepper hair standing next to the sheriff.
“Please call me Cindy. I’ve heard a lot about you, young man.” She blushed.
Sofia was amused by the way Noah had the young and old blushing, yet he didn’t seem to notice his effect on the women around him.
“I sure hope you brought her here to dance,” Sofia teased the sheriff.
“Yes, ma’am. We men have to take care of our little ladies. Date nights keep the marriage alive,” he said with a wink.
“Oh, Randy, they don’t be needing our advice, honey. It was nice seeing you again, Sofia. Nice to finally meet ‘cha, Noah.”
Noah chuckled. “Be sure to show her a good time, Sheriff.”
Sheriff Randy shook his head in amusement and led his wife to the dance floor.
Jaime Lynn walked up with a water and another Jack and Coke and placed them on the table. “Annabelle put the order in and disappeared. Sorry it took so long, guys.”
“No problem. Is it busy?” Sofia asked.
“Eh, it’s not bad, but it’s not great. Noah, your friend there is kinda cute. He got a woman?” Jaime Lynn asked.
“That I know of he’s free, but I know how ladies roll, and I suggest steering clear of that one.” He chuckled.
Jaime Lynn looked between them with confusion clear on her face. “Why do you say that?”
“Well, each time you look at Marc, the bartender seems to seethe more. I’d say you got yourself some unfinished business. But also, we aren’t quite sure what’s up between Marc and y’all’s friend Lindsey,” Noah offered.
Sofia tensed at Noah’s observation about Jesse and Jaime Lynn. Jaime Lynn looked at her accusingly.
“Don’t even look at me like that, I haven’t said anything. Hell, I have nothing to say since you’ve never told me what is up between you two,” Sofia exclaimed.
“Ladies, we may act dumb, but us men notice things. If you don’t believe me, go sit next to Marc and see if the bartender says or does anything.”
Jaime Lynn didn’t even respond but rather walked up to the stool next to Marc. From afar, Noah and Sofia watched as Marc turned up his charm and Jesse stared him down.
“See, told ya,” Noah bragged. “Normally I stay out of this kind of shit, but I know how women can get, especially over a man. It was best to lay it all down.”
“Yeah, we’ve noticed the chemistry between those two, but we have no clue why it hasn’t developed into more.”
Done with the topic, Noah turned her face and captured her lips in a scorching kiss that made her toes curl and her nipples harden.
His lips left hers before he whispered into her ear, “How about we leave Marc at my place and come back to yours?”
Sofia’s heart raced at the promise of another night with Noah. “Wouldn’t that be against the bro-code?” Every fiber in her body agreed with his idea though. She didn’t really care about the bro-code.
“Well, figuring he’s got about one to two more drinks until he’s three sheets to the wind, I don’t think it really matters.” He gave her a smile before grabbing her hand and standing. He held her hips, giving her legs time to steady, then put one hand on her lower back and guided her back to the dance floor.
The dance floor was filling up, so Sofia put her hands around Noah’s neck, and he pulled her in tightly against his hard body. She felt his lips and tongue on her neck a second later. The touch was quick but held promises for later.
The next song had the dancers lining up to do a line dance.
Noah stopped and grabbed Sofia’s hand, pulling her away from the dance floor. “Yeah, I don’t do that shit. Sorry, baby.” Sofia laughed loudly, and Noah stopped his steps to look at her. “What?”
“Oh man, I don’t either, but you looked terrified.” She pushed him toward their booth and slipped into her seat. When Noah didn’t sit, she looked at him questioningly.
“Be right back.” He kissed her and walked off to the bathrooms.
Sitting back, Sofia took a sip of her drink as she watched the townspeople unwind. She looked up in time to see Rocco slip in across from her. A few years older than her, he was a handsome man who kept to himself mostly. He was a nice guy.
“Hi, honey.” His smile lit up his gray eyes.
“Hi, Rocco. How have you been?”
“Good. Business is good. So I guess I missed my shot, eh?” he asked quickly and quietly as he ran his hand through his sandy-blond mop of hair.
“Excuse me?” Sofia whispered, unsure she’d heard him right.
“Just wanted to say I hope he treats you right, honey.” With that, he stood back up in time to bump into Noah.
The look on Noah’s face told them that he hadn’t missed that last comment. “I will.” He slid back into the booth and watched Rocco walk away.
Sofia finally spoke after a few minutes of silence. “That was unexpected.”
She really hadn’t expected that from Rocco. She had only talked to him the day she moved to town—when she needed her flat repaired—and a quick hello here or there.
“No, it’s not, baby. Since I first saw you, I couldn’t get you out of my head. You turn heads wherever you go.” After telling her he’d be right back, he went to the bar to see Marc.
I couldn’t get you out of my head. She had no idea how to handle that comment. She’d been with Noah for close to twenty-four hours, and everything felt right in the world. She was too logical to allow herself to think too far down the road though. She would enjoy the present while she could.
Sofia watched Marc and Noah at the bar. They spoke and smiled before Noah clasped his friend on the shoulder and walked away. All the women in the bar watched Noah confidently maneuver through the tight tables as he walked back to Sofia. Her breath caught—he was beautiful. She finished her drink as he stepped up to their booth.
Reaching out a hand, he asked, “Ready to go, baby?”
“Yeah,” she breathed.
Noah must have heard the needy reply because his eyes darkened and zeroed in on her lips. She put her hand in his and followed him back the way he’d come.
“Almost done and we can head out.” Marc told them with a husky voice that Sofia assumed indicated how inebriated he was.
Sofia glanced down the bar and found Annabelle a few customers down, talking to Jesse. Standing on the bar people put their feet on, Annabelle tipped her breasts at Jesse. She placed one arm under her breasts to help perk them up further. Sofia’s eyes shifted to Jesse, who briefly looked down but must have felt Sofia looking over. Jesse looked up and smiled at Sofia then nodded at Annabelle before putting an open beer in front of her and walking over to Sofia, Noah, and Marc.
“Hey, darling. How were the fried pickles?” Jesse asked as Noah placed his arm around her shoulder and pulled her into his side. Jesse apparently noticed the claim and his lips twitched.
Sofia laughed. “Hi, sweetie. They were tasty as usual. Busy night?”
“Been good.” Jesse dried a glass before putting it away and grabbing a shot of whiskey for Noah. “On the house. You take care of my girl here.”
Then he moved on down to a few others and filled their drinks. Sofia looked up at Noah, who seemed confused for a second before shooting back the peace offering. She squeezed his waist and leaned forward to look at Marc.
“You okay to walk, hon?”
“Sure am.” His eyes sparkled as he placed some bills on the bar and stood.
Sofia gave him a once-over and saw that he indeed could walk—barely, but it would do. “Okay, let’s go, boys.”
Sofia made it two steps before Noah took a long stride and placed his arm around her shoulder and tucked her back into him. When she took a quick peek back to see if Marc followed them, she didn’t miss his approval.
They got into the car and headed back to Noah’s. Marc hummed some song under his breath, and Noah had his phone out.
“Lexi said she’ll be home by ten tomorrow morning,” Noah told no one in particular.
“Good, I’ll get to see my princess before I head home,” Marc said.
“She’s such a good girl,” Sofia acknowledged more to herself than to the men in her car.
“Hell yeah, she is!” Marc yelled from the backseat.
“Who was that guy tonight with Lindsey?” Marc grumbled after a few minutes of silence.
Sofia glanced over at Noah then at Marc in the rearview mirror. “His name is Derek. He’s a teacher at the high school.” Not sure what else to say—not that she knew much more—she quit talking.
It wasn’t the first time she was thankful for the short drive from her place to Lindsey’s. She put the car in park, unsure what to say or do, but she didn’t have to worry about it for long. Noah got out of the car.
Marc stepped out then bent down and stuck his head back in. “Thanks for tonight, Sof. You two lovebirds have fun.”
Before she could even begin to blush, Marc was walking up to the porch and Noah folded himself back in and shut the door.
“You still sure about tonight?” Noah asked seriously.
“Are you?”
“Yes.”
Sofia put the car in reverse and headed back to her place.
Noah fiddled with her radio, first by raising the volume, then by lifting her phone and flipping through her music. “Huh.”
“What?” she asked.
“Nothing.”
“No, really, what?”
“I guess I didn’t peg you for a fan of rap music,” Noah admitted as he settled on a popular rap song.
“I’m full of surprises.”
Sofia pulled into her parking spot and stepped out of the car. Noah’s phone dinged as they walked up the stairs. As he checked his phone, Sofia unlocked the door and let them in. She went into the kitchen, grabbed two sodas, and handed one to Noah.
“Do you want to go to the city tomorrow? I have a client meeting at one, but we can do lunch with Lexi then walk around downtown,” he offered.
Sofia watched his expressions. She could see he wanted her to say yes, and honestly, she was interested if it meant spending more time with him. Sofia took a sip from her soda and smiled. “Sure.”
Sofia walked into the living room and sat down, pulled her shoes off, and curled her feet under her. Noah watched her get comfortable from where he stood, leaning on the entrance to the room. Sofia focused on the remote and not on his hungry eyes. She pressed buttons on the remote before music played over her speakers.
“I don’t think I’ve seen anyone look that sexy sitting on a couch,” he told her.
Sofia blushed. Her body thrummed with not only nerves but also the sexual energy that seemed to always flow between her and Noah. She couldn’t help remembering their first kiss. It happened in this room what seemed like ages ago, even though it had only been weeks.
“Do you want to watch a movie?” she blurted, her heart pounding against her ribs. Sofia tried ignoring the need to have her dirty little way with him.
“Sure. Pick something.” He pushed off the wall and headed to her. Noah sat on the couch while she scanned her few DVDs. After pulling out Family Guy, she inserted her favorite disc.
Sofia returned to the couch and sat next to Noah. He didn’t hesitate to wrap his arm around her and pull her into his side. Sofia placed her hand on his waist while her head was cushioned by his shoulder.
“You are just full of surprises,” Noah told her.
“What? Because I like cartoons?”
“Yeah. Most women would have taken this as an opportunity to torture me with a chick flick.”
“Well, I’m not most women.”
“No—no, you aren’t.”
Chapter 13
After one episode of her show, Noah had removed her soda from her hand and tipped her face up to him. He gazed into her eyes and lowered his lips to hers. His eyes darkened with desire before closing, his tongue making its journey inside. The kiss was heartbreakingly tender at first, one hand at her chin and the other on her face as his thumb caressed her cheek.
Mere seconds after Sofia turned her face to deepen the kiss, Noah hauled her onto his lap. Her legs straddled him as his hands began their exploration. Sofia’s hands roamed his chest, making their way to his head where her fingers ran through his hair. Raising her arms, she helped Noah pull up her shirt.
The kiss momentarily broken, he stared into her aroused eyes. Sofia lowered her lips to his jawline, she rained kisses down his neck to his Adam’s apple, and her tongue teased it. Noah growled at the contact. His hands found her ass, his fingers biting into her flesh as he stood. He blindly searched for her bedroom, holding her body tightly around him.
Bringing her lips back to his neck, she licked and nipped the flesh. Noah found her room and lowered Sofia onto the mattress. He unbuttoned her jeans and returned his mouth to hers as his fingers lowered her zipper. The harsh noise stood out against their moans.
Noah trailed kisses along her jawline and down her neck. Sofia tilted her head, giving him better access. His hands moved from her sides up to her breasts, which were barely contained in her bra. His fingertips grazed the tops, teasing her as his lips began a lazy route down her collarbone to where his fingers drove her crazy.
Sofia arched her back, her nipples hard pebbles, and her breasts heavy with need. Noah smiled at the offering as his erection thickened and pushed against the front of his jeans. His lips moved down the valley of her breasts to her stomach. Reaching the spot where the lace of her thong met skin, Noah’s tongue flicked out, tasting her soft skin. Grabbing her jeans he yanked them off in one smooth move and threw them behind him.
He took a moment to admire the sexy woman in front of him, lying in nothing but a matching bra and panty set. Sofia’s hooded eyes watched him as he listened to her shallow breaths. After sliding off her panties, he ran his hands up her legs and pushed her knees apart. In the dim light, he could see her sex wet with excitement, and his dick twitched in anticipation. Gotta wait your turn, buddy.
He ran his tongue from her opening up to her clit, and Sofia’s response was a guttural moan as her hands grasped the sheets. Noah lowered himself and fastened his mouth on her center. His moan filled the room as her sweetness exploded on his tongue. He undid his zipper and button to relieve the pressure on his poor dick as his tongue’s slow strokes made love to her. His hand wound up her side and removed her breast from its cup. As his tongue glided along her clit, his fingers found their intended target and rolled her nipple between his thumb and finger.
“Oh—My—God!” Gasping, Sofia bucked and thrust her breast into his hand, begging for more sweet torture.
Noah smiled. Her body was made for his, and he loved bringing her pleasure. He lazily circled her clit with his tongue until she opened her eyes and looked into his. He fastened his lips on her clit, sucking on it as his fingers rolled her nipple, and made her shatter in mere seconds.
Sofia lay still under him, recovering after coming so hard. After rising to his knees, Noah ripped open the condom wrapper, his hands shaking with the need to fill her. Her eyes fluttered open as he wrapped her legs around his waist.
“Look at me, baby,” Noah told her as the tip of him met her center.
The moment her eyes returned to his, he filled her. He brought his mouth down and kissed her hard, his hips pumping in and out of her in slow, agonizing strokes. The tenderness he felt in his heart was something to think about another time. Noah’s hand slipped behind her, unclasping her bra with practiced finesse.
She moaned into his mouth as his body came down on her, her nipples rubbing against his hard chest. As his pace increased, Sofia wrapped her arms around him, meeting him move for move. Their labored breathing intensified and her sex clenched around his dick as she got closer to coming.
“Oh!”
“Wait for me, baby!” Noah grunted as his hips pumped frantically.
He captured her mouth, and at the contact, he cried out. Noah’s body came hard as Sofia bucked under him with her own release.
Breaking their kiss, they gulped for air as they recovered from their ecstasy. Neither said anything for some time. Noah leaned his weight on his forearms as Sofia’s hands ran up and down his back.
Sofia lifted her hips to Noah’s and moaned. Noah chuckled then held her to him and rolled onto his back, never losing their connection.

* * *

Sofia woke to Noah’s warm body wrapped around her. Last night’s activities came to mind and she smiled. The moment she moved from Noah’s arms, she expected to feel how truly sore her limbs were.
“Morning…” Noah’s husky voice whispered into her neck before he placed a kiss there.
“Morning…” Sofia pressed her backside into Noah’s front.
“Mmm… baby, you trying to kill me?” He laughed as he turned her onto her back then nestled between her legs.
Sofia gazed into his sleepy green eyes and smiled. “Want some coffee and breakfast?”
“Sure, but let’s shower first.”
Shower they did. At some point, Noah had grabbed another condom and brought it into the bathroom. After making love to her against the wall of her shower, he lathered her loofah and washed her body. Noah even washed her hair and rubbed her muscles, trying to ease the ache those hours of lovemaking had caused. When he finished, Sofia washed him, taking extra care of her newfound favorite body part. Noah turned the water off before she could do more than rinse him off.
“Coffee…” he warned as his eyes darkened with his arousal, not that his heavy erection wasn’t already telling her that.
After dusting off her coffee machine, Sofia set it to brew. While she enjoyed a cup occasionally, her go-to drink was green tea.
Noah walked into her kitchen with bare feet and wet hair, wearing a black undershirt and jeans. He tossed his crumpled shirt on the counter next to her purse and gave her a brief kiss. “Go finish getting dressed. I’ll get the coffee poured when it’s done.”
“Okay.” She walked back to her room in nothing but a robe. Her body was sore in a delicious way. She slipped into a dark denim skirt and white chiffon tank top and grabbed a pair of black wedges.
A few minutes later, she walked back into the kitchen. Noah sat with his mug next to her little window and watched the sun rise higher.
“You have a nice view…” His eyes landed on her. “You look beautiful, baby!” Noah grabbed her hand and pulled her onto his lap. He gave her neck a slow, sweet kiss before he placed her coffee in front of her. “You smell delicious.”
“Thanks.” Sofia sipped her coffee. “Wow, you made this perfectly.”
“I remember watching you make it for yourself one day in the shop,” he told her with a shrug. “Do you mind if we go pick up Lexi from her friend’s instead of her being dropped off?”
“Sure. Does she know to be ready?”
“Yeah. They’re eating breakfast now. She said she’d be ready to go in fifteen.”
“Are you hungry? Want a banana?” Sofia asked as she stood to find herself a banana. She couldn’t start her day on an empty stomach.
“Sure, I’ll take a banana.”
“Does Lexi know I’ll be with you?” Sofia asked between bites.
“Nope.”
Okay. That would be fun. Not. While Lexi had given her blessing for them to go on a date, Sofia wasn’t quite sure how she’d feel about the sleepovers.
Noah stood in front of her and tilted her head back. “Why are you biting your lip?”
“She’s going to know…” Sofia whispered.
“Well, since it’s our business and she’s the child here, does it really matter? Plus, she likes you,” Noah whispered across her lips before rubbing them with his own. “Time to get going if we want to grab lunch before my meeting.”

* * *

Sofia pulled her car into the driveway of Lexi’s friend’s house. Lexi, who had her phone in hand, looked up with surprise followed by narrowed eyes.
“Hey, baby girl,” Noah called after stepping out of the car. “Did you have fun?”
“Hey, Daddy. Yeah.” Lexi climbed into the back, and as she buckled up, Sofia told her hello. “Hi.”
Sofia anxiously looked between Noah and Lexi. Noah reached for Sofia’s hand and rubbed circles on it with his thumb.
“Did Uncle Marc leave already?” Lexi asked no one in particular.
“Yeah, he left about thirty minutes ago. He said he’d see you next time,” Noah told her. “He had to go back earlier than he had planned.”
Sofia watched in her rearview mirror as Lexi gave a small nod.
Most of the car ride into the city was spent quietly. Sofia and Noah talked about her old job in the city and the burn out rate in the criminal justice field. Noah told her about places he had been thanks to his military career, and Lexi took a cat nap in the back with her earbuds in. It was normal in many ways.
Lunch was simple, in a hole-in-the-wall shop that Noah had been eager to return to. When they walked out Sofia admitted, “If not for you taking us there today, I wouldn’t have stepped foot inside. A shame because the food was amazing, we need to go back soon.”
With their full bellies, and close to being in a food coma, Noah gave Sofia directions to his meeting. He had a folder on his lap that he had grabbed from his house on their way out of town, and he was going over some things in it.
Sofia pulled into the parking lot and looked at Noah. “Is this it?”
He looked up from his papers. “Oh, that was fast. Come on, let’s take a look around. I’ve got fifteen minutes until the meeting.” He unbuckled and got out. Always the gentleman, he held the door open with one hand and the folder in the other as he waited for Lexi to exit the car.
Sofia looked around as they walked up the path. Noah noticed her body tense up before he heard someone say, “Mr. Tyler?”
They all turned and Noah said, “Oh, hello, Mrs.—”
“Sofia?” the woman dressed in a smart blue skirt suit with her hair in a neat chin-length bob asked.
“Hello, Grandmother.” Sofia stepped forward and hugged her.
Noah looked between the women in confusion. The shape of their eyes and lips matched, as did the stern look he had seen them both use. Wow.
“Fancy seeing you here, dear. How did you know I would be here?” Mrs. Blanc looked at Sofia then at Noah and Lexi with confusion.
“She’s actually here with me, ma’am,” Noah spoke up after finding his voice. Stepping forward, he grabbed Sofia’s hand and threaded their fingers.
“Oh?” Mrs. Blanc’s eyes shifted between them. “And who is this young lady?”
Before anyone could reply, Lexi stepped forward and stretched out a hand. “Alexandra Tyler, ma’am. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Lexi is Noah’s daughter.” Sofia said, a sweet smile for his baby girl on Sofia’s pretty face.
“Lexi?”
“Yes, ma’am. It’s a nickname my mother was very fond of. I’ll go by either,” Lexi answered with an air that dared Mrs. Blanc to question her mother’s memory.
“Your mother?” Mrs. Blanc asked.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And where is your mother, my dear?” she asked, looking between the three of them before putting the weight of her gaze back on Lexi.
Noah noticed it. Just as he began to step forward with anger rising, Sofia squeezed his hand and shook her head at him. He was just about to argue with Sofia when Lexi spoke up.
“She’s dead, ma’am.”
Mrs. Blanc studied Lexi for a moment before she wrapped her arms around her. “I am sorry, my dear. Very, very, sorry. I had a daughter once, and she too is dead.”
“But you’re her grandmother—Sofia, your mom died?” Lexi asked, her eyes darting back and forth.
“No—” Sofia began.
Her grandmother jumped in. “Sofia’s mother, my daughter, died a few years ago. Her adoptive mother is still well, I hope?” She finished her question with a well-meaning look.
Sofia nodded. Noah watched her, realizing there was much he still hadn’t learned about the woman he was falling in love with. Love? Pushing the question aside, he noticed Lexi’s eyes grow with understanding and compassion.
“Sofia doesn’t mention me much. I expect she worries people will look at her differently when they learn she’s the grandchild of the ex-mayor.” Mrs. Blanc straightened up. “Well, enough family history. Come this way so I can show you what I’d like done.” Just like that, Mrs. Blanc commanded everyone’s attention.
Noah let go of her hand and followed Mrs. Blanc, pushing back the many questions he had. Not only was his reputation on the line, but so was Marc’s and his company’s. Noah didn’t need to mess up this pro bono project. The women who used this facility needed him to compartmentalize this new information.
Thirty minutes later, they had worked their way back to the parking lot. Sofia and Lexi had spent the time following them around and imagining the new design.
“Thank you again, Noah, for meeting me today and for providing free labor for this project,” Mrs. Blanc said.
“Really, it’s no problem. It’s our pleasure to help such a cause.”
“It was a pleasure meeting you, Alexandra,” Mrs. Blanc told Lexi before turning to Sofia. “My dear, I hope you will come by to visit us soon. We have missed you since your move.” After a brief pause, she eyed Noah’s arm around Sofia. “I hope you will bring Noah and Lexi with you.” She leaned in and kissed Sofia’s cheek.
“We’ll plan on something soon, Grandmother.”
With a smile and a wave, her grandmother turned and got in her car.
“You okay?” Noah whispered.
“Yeah…” she answered.
He tipped her mouth up for a quick kiss. When they turned, they saw Lexi leaning against the car with her phone in her hand and a faraway look in her eyes. None of them said anything before they left.

* * *

The drive to the market was short. Noah spent the ride jotting down notes in his folder then emailing Marc on his phone. Lexi had returned to her earbuds and watched the scenery go by. Sofia, on the other hand, wasn’t sure how she felt. On the one hand, she was glad they weren’t acting strangely about her grandmother or pestering her with questions. On the other hand, she felt guilty for not providing that information sooner. Although, how much sooner could she have told Noah? It wasn’t as though they had been together long, and well, the information hadn’t come up with Lexi.
Sofia sneaked a glance at Noah, and he gave her a smile and a reassuring squeeze of her thigh. Well, Sofia’s past wasn’t some dark secret, and he was being incredibly sweet about it. In the past, others had clung to her in hopes of charming her family. She supposed this was one way to figure out if she should pursue this with Noah, whatever this was.
Once they got to the Quarter, she parked the car but didn’t move. Noah turned to her but said nothing. Lexi seemed to notice the tension change in the car and removed her earbuds. She caught Sofia’s eyes in the rearview mirror before Sofia took a breath and stared off into the distance.
“My biological mother got pregnant with me at sixteen. Her parents didn’t approve of the ‘match,’ so, needless to say, the pregnancy was unacceptable. My father… well, from what I was told, he was a piece of work. Barely nineteen, he accepted the money his parents paid him to go along with the adoption, and they sent him away for college. This was all right before my grandfather officially ran for office, so he wasn’t too happy with my mother for getting pregnant and putting a black mark on his family platform.” Sofia curled her hand with anger at the pain her mother had endured.
“My parents adopted me and Dad died when I was little. Mom busted her butt to take care of us. When I turned eighteen, I decided to find my biological parents. I didn’t harbor any negative feelings toward them, but I was curious. Mom wasn’t too happy when I told her that I had been looking. It was a closed adoption, so she didn’t know anything about my biological family.
“When I went to go see my mother, I learned I was about three years too late. She had died in a car accident, killed by a drunk driver. Grandmother was very happy to see me. She hasn’t forgiven herself for how she pushed for the adoption. My mother became clinically depressed after she gave me up and never married. Her relationship with her parents was strained, at best. No one knows where my father is.
“After I graduated high school, I sent my application to Loyola. Without my knowledge, Grandmother not only put a word in for me, but she set it up so that upon graduation, the entirety of my loans was paid off. I didn’t learn any of this until my first payment was denied and I received a letter stating that the loan had been paid in full by Sofia Brazier. After looking into it, I learned of a trust fund in my name. Grandmother had opened it on the day I was born.
“Nowadays, I try to see Grandmother often. She wasn’t too happy I moved away but has been supportive of me regardless. She’s still trying to make up for what she calls ‘her biggest failure as a mother.’ My grandfather… well, when I am around for a visit, he’s kind, but he has a hard time with how much I look like my mother and how he had a hand in the outcome of her life after she gave me up. My real mom and I are still trying to get back to where we were before my ‘betrayal’. She was always my best friend, and I hurt her by looking up my parents without her knowledge.
“I never tell people about any of this since people act weird about it. As far as I’m concerned, they’re just my grandmother and grandfather, who happens to be the ex-mayor of the city, and they’re active members of this community.”
After a few minutes of silence, Lexi asked, “Your mom is Jocelyn Blanc?”
Sofia’s eyes shot up to the rearview mirror. “How’d you—”
“The Jocelyn Blanc Women’s Center,” Noah added.
“I didn’t know…” Sofia slumped in her seat.
Noah pulled her hand into his. “Your grandmother opened the center a few years after you were born. Her daughter was really struggling. The center caters to young mothers but also to women trying to get out of bad situations. They provide counseling that specializes in depression. Now I understand why it’s so important to Mrs. Blanc.”
“Thanks for bringing me today. I wouldn’t have ever known.” She squeezed his hand and sighed. “I could use some beignets—we ready?”
He nodded and got out of the car so Lexi could get out. After a moment, Sofia stepped out of the car, her purse in hand. Noah walked around to her, lifted her face, and after taking a quick peek into her eyes, placed a kiss on her forehead.
“Ready?” he asked, draping an arm over her shoulders and pulling her into his side.
Sofia nodded and looked around Noah to Lexi, who was on her phone. “Yeah, can we get beignets first?”
“Yeah, Daddy, can we please?” Lexi joined in.
“If that’s what my girls want.” Noah draped his other arm around Lexi and pulled her in for a side hug.
After the brief hug, Lexi removed herself from under Noah’s arm. Sofia noticed her pull out her phone and fall in step behind them. Something was up with Lexi, but Sofia figured if she wanted to talk about it, she would.
“Do you come down here often?” Noah asked as they maneuvered between the people on the sidewalk.
“Not really, although lately, it feels like it. While we’re down here, I have a shop I need to go to.” Sofia explained her new business arrangement with Anastasia Martin, the owner of Veiled—the handmade mask shop.
They got to Café du Monde, and as normal, the tables were filled and a line had formed.
Lexi pointed at a jewelry stand. “Mind if I go to that vendor right there?”
“That’s fine, baby girl. Just don’t take too long.”
She gave them a quick nod before she rushed off.
Noah turned Sofia into his arms, placing his hands on her hips and bringing her in close. “You sure you’re okay, baby?”
“Yeah. Thanks for being okay with everything.” Sofia focused on his ear.
“Hey, look at me.”
Sofia raised her eyes to his.
“I don’t care who your family is. I’m dating you for you,” Noah promised.
“We’re dating?” Sofia whispered as her heart began to race as if it were in the Indy 500.
“Noah?” a woman asked.
Noah’s body tensed against hers. She watched Noah’s eyes move from her face to someone behind her. Turning, Sofia was struck by the woman’s beauty. Her features—dark long hair with highlights and brown eyes—were very familiar, but Sofia couldn’t place them. The woman’s aura had splotches of gray that darkened as her aura pulsed. Sofia looked back and forth between the two for what seemed like forever, but it was only a second or two.
Noah froze with surprise. “Natasha—”
“I see you moved on easily,” the woman snarled.
Sofia felt the hurt come off of Noah in a wave as her verbal assault snapped him out of the emotion that held him.
“It’s been two years, Auntie.” Lexi stepped up next to her dad.
Sofia compared them, finally understanding the similarity. Natasha must be Vanessa’s sister. The family resemblance was strong. Noah’s face softened at his daughter’s defense of him.
“Alexandra! Honey, how are—”
“Look Lexi, a table’s open,” Noah said.
“Nice meeting you,” Sofia said, even if she wanted to smack the woman across the face for her awful remark.
Lexi sighed, “It was nice seeing you, Auntie.”
Natasha’s aura flared with anger. When Sofia walked by, the woman mumbled, “Just don’t go get milk…”
Noah growled behind Sofia just as she stopped in front of Natasha. Sofia observed her a moment and saw the pain in the woman’s eyes.
Sofia said, “You miss her terribly, but attacking Noah or me will not bring her back. Lexi needs you and your support, not your redirected grief. Noah did not kill Vanessa, and he surely doesn’t need you or anyone else’s help in beating himself up over things that cannot be changed. I suggest you be mindful of who is around when you’re sharing your unsolicited opinions of Noah’s relationships.” Sofia squeezed Noah’s hand then let go to give them a moment of privacy.

* * *

“That was really low, Tash. I never would’ve expected that from you.” Noah shook his head in disgust and took a step as Natasha grabbed his arm to stop him.
Tears rolled down her face. “Noah—I’m sorry. I just—I didn’t expect to see you with someone who wasn’t Vanessa.”
“For fuck’s sake, Tash, I’m not replacing Vanessa. I could never replace her. I’ve been living in a nightmare, and that woman right there is a ray of fucking sunshine that I don’t deserve. I think you owe Lexi an apology…” Noah loosened Natasha’s grip from his arm and gave it a squeeze before turning and walking away.
Noah’s eyes softened as he sat and joined Sofia and Lexi at their table. Sofia’s hand was on Lexi’s, and Lexi gave her a small smile.
A moment later, Natasha stood by their table. “I’m sorry, Lex. I shouldn’t have said what I said.”
Lexi stared at Natasha, her face tight with emotion, and said nothing.
“Lex, look at me…” Sofia pleaded and waited until Lexi turned her eyes. “Your aunt made a mistake, but you are all she has left of your mom. She misses her too and seeing me with your dad was a shock. Look at her now.”
After a few moments, Lexi’s head tipped up as tears rolled down Natasha's face.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said what I said,” Natasha pleaded. She mouthed, “Thank you,” to Sofia.
“Fine. It was a crappy thing to say, Auntie,” Lexi reiterated as the waiter walked up and took their orders.
Everyone said their good-byes after Natasha made plans to have Lexi come over for a visit. Once Natasha disappeared into the crowd, Lexi pulled out her phone.
Sofia turned to Noah. “You okay?”
Noah’s eyes darkened, and his hand came up to her face. His thumb slid back and forth across her cheekbone. “Yeah, I’m okay now.” Emotion flooded the simple statement. He bent forward and placed a quick kiss on her lips.
They talked about the city as they ate their food, then they headed to Jackson Square. They wandered into Veiled so Sofia could check in with Anastasia. Noah stayed quiet, watching as they discussed getting some pictures done for Anastasia’s products. Sofia turned from them and glanced at Lexi, who was trying on a mask.
“You know what? I have an idea. Lexi come here,” Sofia called. “How do you feel about modeling masks? If your dad’s okay with it, that is.”
“Fine with me,” he said.
“Really? That would be a lot of fun. There are so many beautiful ones!” Lexi shrieked with excitement.
“Anastasia, what do you think?”
“I love the idea!”
“Okay it’s settled then,” Sofia said with a smile.
A few minutes after Anastasia wrapped up some items she chose herself for the shoot, the three of them walked out. Noah carried the bag as they stepped out toward the church. Admiring the artwork displayed, Sofia stopped in front of one artist.
“Wow, that one is beautiful!” she said.
“Looks like the one in your hallway. That is, this is the same artist, right?” Lexi noted.

* * *

“Yes, I love his work.”
Sofia examined his other pieces, then a silver hue caught her eye. It was the woman she’d run into with Lindsey.
“Will you guys excuse me a second?” Sofia muttered, leaving them to wonder why she was weaving through the crowd at a clipped pace.
When Sofia reached her side, the woman declared, “You two are soul mates indeed. His wife and he were special and you won’t replace her, but they didn’t have what you have.”
“I don’t want to replace her.”
“His daughter is conflicted. Be prepared for some struggles. Things aren’t always what they seem to be.” With that, the woman winked and walked away.
Sofia stood in a daze of confusion until she realized Noah and Lexi had caught up to her.
“Who was that? You okay?” Noah asked as he linked their hands.
“Um, yeah. No one. I’m good, are we ready to go?” Sofia stared in the direction the woman had once again disappeared.
On the way back to the car, Lexi asked, “You guys think we can get some Whiskey’s for dinner?”
“Sounds good to me, baby girl,” Noah agreed.
“Yeah,” Sofia muttered automatically as she pondered the woman some more. Be prepared for some struggles. Things aren’t always what they seem to be…
Chapter 14
“I’ll meet you at the table,” Sofia told Noah and Lexi as they entered the pub. Walking to the bar, she noted that tonight Jesse wasn’t behind it—Jaime Lynn was. “Hey, girl.”
“Hey, yourself. I see things are going well with the hunk,” Jaime Lynn noted as she dried a glass.
Sofia looked back at Noah and Lexi before turning back to Jaime Lynn. “Yeah. We ran into Grandmother…”
Jaime Lynn stopped and stared at her. “Do I need to get the tequila?” she asked, reaching for the bottle and a shot glass.
“No, no!” Sofia laughed. “It went well actually.”
“Okay, good.” Jaime Lynn put the liquor back and wiped down the counter. “So do you want a drink, or are you avoiding them?”
“You’re so bad! Two Hefeweizens, please. Where’s Jesse?”
Jaime Lynn grabbed two glasses and stumbled through the pour once Sofia mentioned the man who was obviously keeping her hot and bothered. “Here ya go. No idea. Every other Sunday night, I give him the night off.”
Knowing better than to point out her friend’s attitude about Jesse, Sofia grabbed the glasses and, after a quick thank you, walked back to Noah. As she made her way through the empty tables, she saw Annabelle at their booth. Tonight Annabelle was in rare form. Her right knee rested on the booth seat, and her right arm was on the cushion behind Noah. Her breasts were tilted forward and on the verge of toppling out.
Sofia caught the end of Annabelle’s statement. “…I’m off tomorrow.”
The moment Noah caught sight of Sofia, he jumped up, cutting off Annabelle and almost knocked her down. He grabbed the beers and let her slide in before him. “Thanks, baby. Do you know what you want?”
“Umm, guys?” Lexi nodded toward Annabelle’s back. She had fled the scene in a huff.
“We’ll just tell Jaime Lynn and she’ll pass it back to the kitchen,” Sofia told them.
Lexi shrugged and excused herself to the bathroom. When she returned, Sofia brought up some ideas she had in mind for the photo shoot with the masks. Noah leaned back and grabbed a strand of Sofia’s hair and played with it. She glanced over her shoulder with a smile, and he took a swig of his beer.
Sometime later, Annabelle returned with a tray full of their meals. She showed no finesse and bit out, “Need anything else?”
Lexi asked for more ketchup to replace the empty one on the table.
“Mmhmm,” Annabelle muttered and stomped off to the back.
“Geez, she needs to control that attitude,” Lexi noted.
After Annabelle returned with the ketchup, the meal went off without a hitch and they discussed their plans for the week. Sofia observed Lexi and hoped that whatever the teen held back, she would figure out soon. Noah put money down to cover their meals and drinks, then he moved out of the way to let Sofia up. On the way out, Sofia stopped briefly to say good-bye to Jaime Lynn.
Annabelle was flirting with a good-looking man eating his meal at the other end of the bar. As Sofia passed him, he stopped midsentence, a sexy smile spreading. Three feet behind Sofia, a deep growl escaped Noah. She politely smiled at the man and walked to the door. Turning toward her car, Sofia noticed the door to Whiskey’s was still open. The man at the bar watched her leave with his back to Annabelle.
Sofia and Noah spent the drive to his place talking about music, and Lexi, who had been focused on texting again, had a full-blown attitude by the time they arrived. Sofia had watched as her aura jumped around with her emotions. She put the car in park, and Noah gave her a quick kiss. It was sweet and tender but controlled with Lexi nearby.
“Good night,” Noah whispered before he unfolded his body and exited the Caddy.
In the rearview mirror, Sofia noticed Lexi watching her closely. Lexi’s aura confirmed the shift in emotion. Seeing the teen upset about what she had encouraged only two nights prior confused Sofia. “Night, Lex.”
She stepped out of the car, dipped her head to mumble a quick “Night,” and walked off into the house.
Noah observed Lexi stomp into the house. Walking around the car to Sofia’s side, he placed his arms on the frame and bent in after she lowered the window. “I thought you said she was cool with the idea of us? Maybe I should have spoken to her first…” His voice was thick with concern as he stared off into the dark.
“She did. I don’t know what’s going on. Does she always spend that much time on her phone?”
“She’s a teenage girl. Don’t they all spend that much time on their phones?”
“Touché. I’ll let you know how she is tomorrow,” Sofia said before he closed the distance and kissed her again. This kiss was different—it left her dazed—and the smile on Noah’s face told her he knew what he had just done to her.
“Bye, baby.” His voice husky with desire as he walked off.
Sofia sat there, watching his departure. Putting her finger on the button to raise her window, she heard a cat call in the distance. Then she spotted Lindsey in the shadows of her porch. Sofia’s eyes returned to Noah’s house just as he waved at Lindsey before stepping inside. A quick look at the clock told her it was getting late and she’d regret this tomorrow, but she shut the car off and walked over to Lindsey’s.
“Noah and Sofia sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G…” Lindsey sang.
Sofia laughed. “Real mature, Linz.”
“Have you guys been together since last night?”
“Yup.” Sofia hopped up on the porch railing.
“Damn, girl.”
Sofia nodded and delved into the day’s events. Lindsey listened and interrupted with questions and comments, but she let Sofia get it all out.
“I can’t believe his sister-in-law was such a bitch! I noticed Lexi stomp her way inside after you guys arrived. I thought she wanted you to date Noah? What’s with her?” Lindsey asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe I’ll get to ask her tomorrow. Enough about me. How was the date with Derek?”
“It was nice. You saw us at Whiskey’s. By the way, I’m never forgiving you for bringing Marc there. Then—”
“Wait a minute, how is bringing Marc there my fault? The boys ran out of alcohol and wanted to go out. You were on a date. Does it really matter if Marc was there? And what the hell is up with you two? I’ve seen dogs and cats get along better.”
“Nothing. Whatever. It doesn’t matter.” Lindsey sighed, raising her eyes to the moon.
Sofia jumped down and wrapped an arm around Lindsey’s shoulders for a quick side hug. “You know I’m here when you want to talk about it.”
“Yeah, I know. Thanks, Sof… Derek is sweet. He didn’t even bring up the glares Marc sent him. I could tell he was getting kinda scared though.”
Sofia laughed. “Well, I’d be scared too. Will you be seeing Derek again?”
“I don’t know. He relaxed after we left and went to watch the movie, but it wasn’t the same exactly. Guess we’ll see.”
“Don’t worry about it. He’d be lucky to have you. I better get going or else I’m gonna have a shit morning.”
“Yeah, I better go let Deogee out one more time so I can go to bed. I hadn’t heard from you all day, so when I heard a car, I decided to be nosy,” Lindsey admitted with a wink.
“Let’s do lunch this week. Text me a good day,” Sofia said as they hugged good-bye. “Night, babe.”
“Sounds good. Night, sweetie,” Lindsey said as she stepped inside.
After walking back to her car, Sofia headed home. The day had not only been long but emotionally exhausting after her run-ins with her grandmother, Noah’s sister-in-law, and the woman in the square. Annabelle was becoming more annoying, and she worried Lexi didn’t accept her and Noah together.
When she got home, she grabbed the bag of masks from her trunk and headed upstairs. She fiddled with her keys as she searched for the right one and stopped dead in her tracks with the key in hand. The potted plants that decorated her small landing had been trashed. Smashed bits of ceramic mixed with soil covered the ground.
“What the fuck?” Sofia yelled as she observed her surroundings.
She didn’t hear or see anyone. The soil was spread everywhere, and the ceramic pots were destroyed. She looked down the stairs, now noticing the trail of dirt that thinned the farther it got. Whoever had a field day with her innocent plants had left a breadcrumb trail. Sofia took one more look around to make sure she was alone. She flipped her keys around and held the pepper spray hanging from the ring as she followed the trail. Sofia made a mental note to ask Noah or the sheriff to take her to a gun range. She’d never felt comfortable owning a gun, and until she was ready, there was no point in even buying one. She followed the trail of dirt toward Whiskey’s, but there wasn’t enough to confirm anything.
With no real leads, Sofia walked up the stairs and stopped a few steps short of her landing. She pulled out her phone and took a few pictures to catalogue the damage. After she managed to unlock the door and jump into the house with minimal dirt following her in, she put her stuff inside, grabbed the broom and a trash bag, and set out to clean up the latest vandalism.

* * *

Monday was a blur. Lexi didn’t come in because she had a project to work on for school, and Sofia spent most of the day setting herself up for the coming week. In the back of her mind, no matter how much she tried to not think of Lexi as the culprit for her plants’ demise, the possibility lingered. Noah came home late that night, so they only spoke briefly before exhaustion set in.
Tuesday was filled with a shoot and more editing. Lexi came in after school, and her behavior, while moody, was pretty average. Sofia decided not to bring up the plants for the time being and opted for trying to pierce more of Lexi’s armor instead.
Wednesday was spent much like Tuesday, but Thursday packed a punch. It started the same and even included a quick visit from Noah.
Concentrating, Sofia flipped between tabs on her web browser, trying to decide between sites Lexi had found for a maternity shoot. One spot was a large playground located by Lake Pontchartrain. The other was a plantation home with buildings on the back side that depicted slave living, and someone had hung a big tire swing off one of the large oak trees. She was imagining all the possibilities when the doorbell rang in the distance.
“Hard at work, I see.”
A deep voice penetrated her thoughts, and while her mind hadn’t caught up as to whose voice it was, her body was sharp and reacted with an increased pulse.
“Oh, hi!” Sofia exclaimed.
“Hi to you too, beautiful,” Noah told her.
Sofia admired the faded jeans that had begun to tear in spots and the gray T-shirt he wore. It was simple attire, but she couldn’t help feeling jealous that the clothes got to wrap themselves around his body. “I didn’t expect you to come by.”
“Well, I’m not actually here. Just wanted to come by and do this.”
He pulled her out of her chair and wrapped one arm around her waist. Noah held her tightly against him as his other hand cradled her neck. He looked her in the eyes for a second before his lips came down on hers. The kiss was desperate. Sofia tilted her head to the side and opened her mouth as her tongue explored his mouth. Her hands wrapped around his neck. They hadn’t seen each other in days, and her body was in overdrive. The kiss was anything but innocent as their tongues caressed one another and their lips crushed together.
Their last kiss had been days ago, and she was glad to see she wasn’t the only one missing the other’s touch. Too soon, Noah pulled back and placed his forehead against hers. Their breaths exhaled harshly into the quiet room.
“I missed you, baby…” Noah whispered. “Tomorrow, come over for dinner. Today I gotta help Marc out and won’t be home until late in the evening.”
“Okay…” That was all her mind could formulate as it tried to recover from the heated kiss.
Butterflies took flight in her belly as she regained her normal breathing pattern. Her hands fingered through his hair as she pulled back to look in his eyes. Noah’s hands slid down her body, leaving a trail of goose bumps. He grabbed her ass and pulled himself tightly into her. His hardness pressed firmly against her.
“I better go. I told myself I was only coming in to see you really quick, but what I really want to do is to flip your sign to Closed and take you in the back. If I don’t leave now, I can’t promise I won’t haul you away.” Sofia smiled but didn’t move. Noah dropped his face, gave her a tender kiss, and stepped away. “Tomorrow night?”
“Okay. Have a good day, honey.”
“Bye, baby.” Noah turned and rushed out of the shop.
Sofia stood and stared for a few seconds at the path he had taken before she dropped into her chair. She didn’t know how long she sat there with her hand at her lips as she thought about the kiss. Then her cell phone rang, the display reading Lindsey calling.
“Hey.”
“Hey, yourself. Dinner tonight at Whiskey’s,” Lindsey demanded.
“Yeah, okay. Lexi will probably be with me.”
“Sure, that’s fine. See you later.”

* * *

Sofia and Lexi headed next door for dinner after sorting through what felt like thousands of pictures. Sofia had just received two orders of prints, and she never sent them to the client until she’d confirmed the product. It was rare, but a time or two pictures had been either switched or something went wrong and a picture was printed incorrectly. One of the orders was a wedding so it, of course, contained hundreds of photos.
Keeping the vandalism to herself, Sofia kept an eye on Lexi for any signs that she was the culprit. She didn’t want to think her vandal was the teen, especially since Lexi had been with Noah and Sofia practically every second. But something had been on the girl’s mind since the weekend, leaving her troubled. Sofia’s gut told her one didn’t have to do with the other though.
Walking into the pub, they realized Lindsey hadn’t arrived. After waving at some of the locals, they grabbed a booth two down from their regular spot.
“You okay?” Sofia asked the teen, who only shrugged her shoulder and studied the menu. “Okay. Just remember I’ll listen if something is bothering you.”
Acknowledging that she heard Sofia, Lexi smiled.
Sofia leaned back and scanned the pub. It was busy, and she spotted Annabelle talking to a customer. The way she had her breasts tipped forward told Sofia the customer was a male. She watched Annabelle put a knee on the cushion and tip her body to the side to get closer, and that’s when Sofia saw him. She saw the colors radiating his feelings of annoyance and embarrassment, and she felt her own temperature rise.
“Excuse me,” she muttered to Lexi before standing. Sofia plastered a smile on her face as she approached the table.
“Ms. Brazier!” Jaxson cried out with relief as he hurriedly stood and, in his haste, pushed Annabelle away and off the cushion. Sofia watched as she teetered and regained her balance.
“Hi, Jax. How’s your momma?” Sofia asked as Jaxson leaned forward and kissed her cheek. It gave her the moment to glare at Annabelle before Jaxson pulled back.
“She’s good. Would you like to join me?” he asked as he tried to avoid Annabelle’s glare.
“Sure, just for a second. I’m here with Lexi, and we’re waiting for Lindsey.” Sofia slid into the booth.
Once again dismissed, Annabelle turned away in a huff.
“You okay? I cannot believe that woman!”
Jaxson turned in the direction Sofia had just come, a blush sweeping across his face. “Yes, ma’am. She’s not very subtle.”
Following his gaze, Sofia watched Lexi narrow her eyes and turn away quickly.
“Well, she shouldn’t be shoving her boobs in your face. I know your momma taught you to be a gentleman, but you don’t have to take that. Now tell me what’s going on with Lexi?”
Clearing his throat, Jaxson’s eyes widened. “Nothing. I want to ask her to the movies, but her dad kind of scares me. I also think she’s avoiding me. Maybe you were wrong?”
Sofia observed Jaxson and, like normal, was in awe at how the best-looking kid in town wasn’t an arrogant buffoon. “Would you like to join us for dinner?” The words tumbled out before she could consider what Lexi would say or do.
“Thank you, but no. I have to get back to the store. I’m just having a quick break here.”
“Okay, sweetie.” Sofia placed her hand over his, “I’m not wrong, Jax. She’s interested.” Sofia withdrew her hand and stood. “See you later.”
He nodded with a quiet, “Bye, ma’am.”
Sofia saw Lindsey had joined Lexi, so she made a quick detour to the bar, where Jaime Lynn spoke with a customer and Jesse filled orders. Annabelle stood between two empty stools, and Sofia approached her.
“If you want to shove your tits in a man’s face in your personal time, that’s none of my business, but you do not shove them in a teenager’s face. If I see you pulling that again, I will talk to the sheriff myself!” Sofia snapped loud enough for only Annabelle, Jaime Lynn, and Jesse to hear.
“I don’t know what the hell—”Annabelle sneered.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Jaime Lynn asked. “You have ten years on that boy at the very least. Do not make me fire your ass, Annabelle.”
Jesse’s eyes narrowed on the waitress before he shook his head at her and walked away to the other side of the bar. Sofia nodded at Jaime Lynn and returned to the booth.
“Hey, girl!” Lindsey scooted farther in the booth. “Whoa, you okay?”
“Peachy,” she told her friend as her eyes returned to Lexi, who looked mad. “Are you avoiding Jax?”
Lexi’s eyebrows came together in confusion. “No. Did he say that?”
“He seems to think so.”
“Oh my God, you talked to him about me? I can’t believe you!” Lexi stormed off toward the bathroom.
“Great!” Sofia told the empty booth across from her and placed her hand on her forehead.
“Eh, she’ll get over it.” Lindsey raised her glass. “So what happened with Jax? I saw you over there talking to him when I came in.”
“Freaking Annabelle had her tits shoved in the poor boy’s face and wasn’t letting him come up for air. Seriously, he’s still in high school. What’s wrong with that woman? I mean, he’s great-looking but come on!”
“Yeah, he’s pretty adorable. She’s a skank though” Lindsey said making Sofia chuckle.
Just then Lexi came back from the bathroom and slipped back in the booth. Her eyes narrowed on the two of them. Sofia had had enough drama for the day, so she decided not to even get into whatever was the matter with Lexi. If she wanted to talk, she would.
Jaime Lynn came by and stood next to their booth. “So what are y’all eating? Annabelle disappeared, and I’m not quite sure I want her over here right now.”
Sofia gave her a “no shit” look and requested her regular muffuletta. After Lindsey and Lexi put their order in, Jaime Lynn disappeared into the kitchen.
“Derek came by the library today,” Lindsey said with a smile.
Sofia returned the smile. “Oh? How’d that go?”
“Derek?” Lexi piped up, to Sofia’s surprise.
Sofia winked. “Mr. Carpenter, the history teacher.”
“Oh! He’s cute! Most of the girls have a crush on him.”
Sofia watched Lexi’s features soften with the comment.
Lindsey toyed with the napkin in her hand. “Yeah, he is cute but—”
“But he’s not Marc.” Sofia smirked.
“Wait! Uncle Marc? Is that why I overheard Dad telling him to quit being an ass to Lindsey before, and I quote, ‘it bites you in the ass again’?” Lexi offered.
“Lexi, language!” Sofia scolded before bursting into laughter.
“What? Wait, what’s that supposed to mean?” Lindsey asked Lexi.
Lexi only shook her head with a smile. “Dunno.”
Luckily Jesse dropped off the food at that moment, so Sofia didn’t have to lie to her friend.
“Here you ladies go. Need anything else? Maybe a man to run off with?” Jesse asked with a deep voice as he looked at Sofia.
Sofia laughed, as did Lindsey. However, Lexi’s back went ramrod-straight. She crawled back into her mental hole as Sofia told him no. He winked before walking back to the kitchen. Sofia noticed the change in Lexi but said nothing. As they ate, they listened to Lindsey talk about Derek and their planned date for Friday.
Lexi’s phone rang, and she looked from it to Sofia. “It’s Dad.”
“Okay.” Sofia smiled.
“Hi, Daddy—Yeah, we’re at Whiskey’s with Lindsey—That’s fine with me—I’ll ask, hold on.” Lexi spoke into the phone, her eyes trained on Lindsey and Sofia. “He’s on his way home and wanted to know if Lindsey can take me home.”
Lindsey looked at Sofia with confusion. “Yeah, that’s fine with me.”
“Okay, Lindsey will drop me off—I got homework, so don’t worry—‘Kay. Love you too.” Lexi hung up and pushed her plate aside.
“Is everything okay?” Sofia asked as she tried to push away the panic that maybe Noah didn’t want Sofia around Lexi. Before any of those feelings could take root, her phone vibrated on the table. “Hello?”
“Hey, baby. I’m back in town early, and I’m coming over,” Noah declared.
“Oh, okay.” Sofia’s heart slowed down from the panic she had begun to feel. The butterflies in her stomach took flight, making her feel like a teen in the throes of puppy love.
“See you soon.”
“Okay. Bye, honey.” Sofia set the phone aside after he ended the call.
Lindsey pushed her plate away. “What’s going on?”
“Noah’s back in town and is coming over to hang out for a little while since we haven’t seen each other much since Sunday.”
“Oh, okay.” Lindsey leaned back in the booth, nodding in understanding.
Jaime Lynn walked over with their bills just then. “So where’s your… Noah?” She glanced at Lexi as she censored herself. Who wanted to hear their dad being called a hunk?
“He’s been in the city working on a project and is on his way back actually.” Sofia lifted her drink to her mouth.
“Okay.” Jaime Lynn cocked her hip to the side and leaned against the side of Sofia’s booth. “How’s school, Lexi?”
“Good.”
“Mrs. Jolie’s boy, Jaxson, was in here a little bit ago. Do you know him?” Jaime Lynn asked.
The girl turned ten different shades of red. “Yes, ma’am. He collects attendance during sixth period.”
“He’s a good kid. Sweet and good-looking.” Jaime Lynn winked.
“Who’s sweet and good-looking?” Noah asked as he reached Jaime Lynn’s side.
Sofia glanced at Lexi and saw her pleading eyes. “Mrs. Jolie’s boy, Jaxson. Annabelle, our wonderful local man-eater, just about molested the poor boy earlier.”
Lexi’s eyes rounded.
“Seriously? She really has no boundaries.” Noah shook his head in disbelief. “Did he do anything?”
“No. That’s why I went to go rescue him. I told her next time I’ll call Sheriff Randy. Jax is a minor, and she’s got, like, ten years on him.”
“Good job. Poor kid.” Noah noticed the bills Jaime Lynn had placed on the table. He grabbed them then quickly held out cash for Jaime Lynn to take.
“Hey, you grabbed mine!” Lindsey blurted.
Noah winked at her and turned to Sofia and Lexi. “Y’all ready to leave?”
They all agreed, but Lindsey seemed to be pouting.
“Bye, guys. Movie night, my place, next weekend?” Jaime Lynn asked as she backed away.
“Yeah, should be good. I don’t have any plans with Derek,” Lindsey told her.
Noah’s lips twitched as he stepped back and let Sofia and Lindsey out of their booth.
“I don’t think I have plans.” Sofia looked at Noah questioningly.
Noah put his arm around her and squeezed as he placed a kiss on her head. “Sofia will be there,” he told Jaime Lynn.
They walked out to the parking lot, where Noah and Sofia told them good-bye.
“You hungry?” Sofia asked Noah as they walked up to her apartment.
“I’m starving.”
“Oh! Why didn’t you tell me? I could have ordered you food!” Sofia stopped to pivot and head back to Whiskey’s.
Noah grabbed her by the waist and pulled her into him. His hands slid down her sides and grabbed her ass, pulling her tight against him. She felt the hard ridge of his erection against her belly just as his husky voice said, “They don’t serve what I want.”
Noah’s words sent shivers down her body, her core tightened, and her panties dampened. His lips came down on hers, and Sofia’s arms slid up his chest. She held on as the kiss made her knees weak. A moment later, Noah pulled back, and his eyes roamed her face as her tongue swiped at her lips.
He growled. “We better get inside before I take you right here against these stairs.”
Sofia didn’t trust her voice, so she just nodded and walked up the stairs. When they reached the top, she put the key in the doorknob.
“Sofia… where are all your plants?”
Chapter 15
“Umm.” Oh, crap.
Noah looked around and found a couple of pieces of broken ceramic that she had missed and some soil in the other corner. “Sofia, what the hell happened? Where are your plants?”
“When I came home Sunday night, someone vandalized them. The pots were all broken, and there was soil everywhere, all the way down toward Whiskey’s.”
“Why the hell didn’t you tell me? Did you call Sheriff Randy? Did they break in? Are you okay?” Noah barked question after question.
Sofia watched in awe as Noah transformed into the cop he used to be. “I’m fine, honey. I figured it was some kids horsing around causing mischief. Honestly, I forgot to tell you, and no, I didn’t call anyone.”
Noah’s eyes darkened. He was obviously less than pleased. “You need to report it. If anything else happens, you need this on record, even if it is just kids horsing around.”
“I’m aware of that, Noah. I did work within the system,” Sofia threw back as her annoyance increased. “You think I’m happy my shit got smashed to bits? No. It’s one of the damn reasons I left the city.” She turned on her heel and let herself in.
Sofia walked straight back to her room and removed the red pumps she had put on earlier in the day. After sliding off her gray pencil skirt, she threw her cell phone on the dresser and pulled out her comfy blue nightie with black lace edging. She removed her white short-sleeved silk blouse and lace bra before slipping into the nightie. While she did this, she tried to calm down. Noah was only reacting as a cop would, and while he hadn’t been a cop in a few years, his training wasn’t something that could be undone.
As she moved to the bathroom with her used clothes, she spotted Noah leaning against the doorframe with a beer tipped to his lips. She tried not to look at the long column of his neck and how it moved with each swallow. His eyes followed her, and she forced her spine as straight as it would go. She attempted a return trip to gather her shoes and put them away, but she didn’t make it far. His arm snaked out and pulled her against him when she attempted to walk by.
Sofia put her hands against his chest in order keep some distance from him. Noah didn’t seem to notice or care since the arm wrapped around her waist only tightened its hold. The cold of the beer radiated into her side as the hand that held it at her waist lay relaxed, as if his hold was nothing more than a soft embrace. His other hand, now on the side of her neck, tipped her head back, allowing his green eyes to penetrate her own.
“I shouldn’t have been a dick, but I don’t like someone messing with what’s mine. I checked your locks and no one’s been messing with them. Since your apartment is on the second floor, the windows would take a determined person.” Noah watched his knuckles brush against her cheek.
“Look, I’m not a fan of crime, but I’m really not a fan of it when it comes to people I care about. If that makes me a dick, so be it. But if something else does happen, please call Sheriff Randy and then me.” His voice rumbled just above a whisper. “Do you own a gun, something to protect yourself with?”
“No. I’ve never been comfortable with them.”
“Do you want to change that?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Then we’ll find time to take you shooting.”
His hand stilled as he kissed her forehead. Sofia felt her anger ebb away with the sweet gesture. She wasn’t ready to think about his admittance that he cared about her, but her heart fluttered in response.
“I took a picture…” she spoke into his hard chest.
“What?”
“I took a picture of the damage before I cleaned up. I might not have called the sheriff, but I took a picture in case this ends up being more than a one-time deal. I might not have been a cop like you, but I know how to take care of myself. I didn’t work with the adults, but I saw the messed up kids. Hell, I grew up with them. I’m not stupid, Noah. I lived in the ghetto, and what I saw both there and with my plants annoyed me, but it didn’t scare me.”
“I never said you were stupid, baby. I just want you safe. We good?”
Sofia looked up into his eyes and whispered, “Yeah, we are.”
Noah placed the almost-empty beer on the dresser as his mouth captured her lips. Sofia’s arms wound up and around his neck as Noah shifted them, placing her back against the wall. His hands, now on her ass, pulled her tight against his hardness before he picked her up in one swift move. Sofia wrapped her legs around Noah’s hips as he pinned her against the wall. One hand came up and pulled down her nightie, exposing her breast. His fingers rolled her nipple as his lips worked down her jaw and neck.
Noah’s fingers sent delicious tingles from her nipple down to her belly. She felt her sex tighten. Noah’s mouth latched onto her nipple, and Sofia’s head fell back against the wall, her back arched in offering. When his teeth grazed her sensitive flesh, her mouth dropped open as tiny dots floated along her eyes. She heard the harsh sound of Noah’s zipper, then his hand moved to her panties before he ripped them clear off her body. Noah was at her opening, making all thought and argument about the destruction of another pair of her underwear vanish.
“Look at me,” his husky voice commanded.
Too stunned to do anything else, she looked into his eyes as he filled her completely. They stood like that for a second. Needing the friction, Sofia ground against him before his lips crashed on hers in a bruising, desperate kiss. As the kiss got out of hand, so did Noah. He began thrusting into her. What was at first slow and languid became hard and fast. In no time at all, Sofia felt herself on edge. Noah must have felt it because he released her lips and sucked deeply on her nipple. Sofia held on tightly as the orgasm ripped through her body, and she heard Noah grunt along her neck.
Moments later, Noah lifted her off his erection and carried her to the bed, where he pulled the covers back and laid her down. Sofia watched him pull off his T-shirt and toe off his boots before removing the rest of his clothes.
“Scoot over, will you, babe?” he asked. Noah lay down and pulled her body against his side.
Sofia placed her head on his chest as he pulled her leg over his thighs. Noah’s fingers ran up and down her thigh in a lazy maneuver. Their breaths were coming evenly now, and Sofia began to relax in his arms.
“Dammit, Noah, that’s another thong you destroyed!” she grumbled as she remembered the shredded clothing on the floor.
Noah stilled at her comment before his large body trembled.
“Are you laughing at me?” Sofia asked, looking up at his face. She watched as the smirk on his face turned into a brilliant smile.
“I’ll buy you new ones. Or you could just skip them entirely. One less thing between us,” he offered, his laughter now under control.
She turned in his arms and began scooting toward the edge of the bed. Noah’s hands wrapped around her waist and pulled her against his front as if she weighed nothing. She felt his lips against her neck and then against her ear.
“Baby—”
Crash!
Noah was behind her one second and pulling on his jeans the next as he made his way out of her room. Sofia jumped up, grabbed the robe hanging on her door, and followed Noah as she tied the sash around her waist. When she made it to the landing, she saw Noah running barefoot through her small private parking lot toward Whiskey’s. Walking down the stairs, Sofia heard what sounded like something rolling. At the bottom of the stairs, she turned right as Noah was running back.
“Whoever it was is gone. I smelled women’s perfume and heard a light footfall, but I never saw the woman,” Noah said after he reached her side.
Sofia bent down and picked up a metal can. “What’s—”
“A can of spray paint. What the hell?”
Sofia walked to the end of her building and turned to her right. “Oh, my…”
“What the FUCK!” Noah roared.
On the side of the building, where Lexi had once painted a beautiful orchid, was the word “WHORE.” It was spray-painted in thick black letters.
“It’s fresh. Whoever did this was just here—most likely the person I just chased down.” Noah shoved his hand through his hair in anger. “Let’s get inside. It’s time to call the sheriff.” Noah draped his arm over Sofia’s shoulder and pulled her back in the direction they came.
Sofia still had the can in her hand—somehow her grip wasn’t leaving a dent. She had moved away from the city to avoid this crap. Sofia considered the possibility that the vandal was Lexi for two seconds before shaking it away. Lexi had been distant and moody, but Sofia couldn’t bring herself to commit to the idea that Lexi would be that mean.
“He’s on his way over now. Are you okay, baby?” Noah asked, turning her in his arms.
He pulled the can out of her hand and placed it on the counter. Sofia looked around and realized that she was in her kitchen. She didn’t remember the walk back—she had been so wrapped up in her thoughts.
“Yeah. I’m just pissed. Who would write that?” Sofia said as she came out of the fog that had taken hold. She couldn’t just stand in Noah’s arms anymore. Sofia walked to her room and threw on some clothes. “Seriously, who the hell would write that?”
“Baby, I—”
“Fuck! You’re the first man I’ve had in my bed since I moved here. That shit isn’t cool.” Sofia stopped in front of Noah and looked up at his face. “What the hell are you smiling at?”
“First man you’ve slept with since you moved here?” Noah asked with a shit-eating grin as he put his hands on her waist and pulled her near.
Sofia narrowed her eyes impossibly further, but before she could give him a piece of her mind, there was a knock at the door. Noah left her and reached the door first.
Sheriff Randy walked into her apartment once she got to the living room. “Hello.”
Noah tucked Sofia into his side as the sheriff took another step inside. “Sheriff.” Noah nodded in greeting.
“Noah, Sofia.” He looked them up and down with a knowing smile. “I got a call from the office that there was a disturbance here?”
“Yes. Someone vandalized the building again. I heard the person run off toward Whiskey’s, and based on the smell of perfume, my guess is it was a woman.”
“Again? Someone do something since Lexi, Sofia?” The sheriff turned his eyes from Noah to her.
Sofia pulled away and went to retrieve her phone, and shoes for her and Noah, from her bedroom. Sofia flipped through the pictures and showed them what was done with the plants.
“Looks like kids messing around,” Sheriff Randy said while they put on their shoes. “What was done tonight?”
Noah said nothing but turned toward the door and headed around to the side of the building. Sheriff Randy followed, and Sofia trailed behind in a silent procession.
When they reached the graffiti, Sheriff Randy gaped. “Shit! Pardon my French.” He tipped his hat in Sofia’s direction.
“I can get it cleaned off again, and I will as soon as we’re done here. Sofia doesn’t need for the town to see this.” Noah vibrated with anger.
“No, I agree. Sofia, have you had any other problems? Anyone holding a grudge against you?” the sheriff asked with his eyes glued to the wall.
Sofia had kept her phone with her and took a few pictures. “No, I haven’t had any complaints or problems. I spend most of my day in the office, at Lindsey’s, or at Whiskey’s for food. Well, now with Noah too.”
Everyone stood in silence for another beat until the sheriff cleared his throat and turned to Noah. “I really hate to ask this, but where’s Lexi? Could she be against your new relationship?”
Noah’s eyes darkened in anger as he blew out a harsh breath and pulled away from Sofia. “She’s supposed to be at home. Damn it! I’m gonna kick that teenage ass of hers—”
Sofia’s eyes rounded. “Noah, I don’t think—”
Noah’s head swung in her direction and pinned her to the spot. “Don’t defend her, Sofia. Look what she did!” Noah threw his arm in the direction of the wall. He shoved his hands into his barely-there hair and linked his fingers behind his head, his elbows parallel as he stared at the word on the wall. “I’m so sorry, sweetheart.”
“I’ll make a report of this and bring it by in the morning. You guys can tell me what you want me to do then. You going to clean this up tonight?” Sheriff Randy asked Noah.
“Yeah… I’m going to do that and look for Lexi. Thanks, Sheriff.”
“Good night, folks.” Sheriff Randy tipped his hat and walked away into the shadows.
Sofia stepped in front of him, trying to block the word from his view, which was pointless with the height difference. “Noah, I don’t think she did it. Hey, look at me.” She put her arms around his waist and tilted her head back. When he finally did, she told him, “Honey, I really don’t think she did—”
“Sofia, I wish I could believe you. I gotta go to the house and get the stuff to clean this shit up and then track her ass down. This shit is not cool and… fuck…” Noah kissed her forehead and walked away.
Sofia saw his shoulders tense, and she didn’t have to read him, not that she could, to know the man felt defeated.

* * *

Noah pulled his truck into his driveway and jumped out as soon as he’d put it in park and shut off the engine. He barely noticed Sofia rounding the hood and catching up to his side.
Earlier, Noah had stalked off to grab his keys from her apartment. By the time Noah had reached the bottom of the stairs, and dashed toward his truck, Sofia had finished locking up her apartment. Noah put the truck in drive as Sofia jumped in.
“Noah, baby, you need to calm down.” Anger flowed through him, there was no way he could say something without redirecting his anger at her. He couldn’t believe the woman was still protecting Lexi after what she had just done.
“Honey, I really don’t think Lexi did it.” Sofia placed her hand on his thigh.
Noah tightened his grip on the steering wheel and drove in silence to his house. He shut the engine off, ran for the door and let himself in as Sofia chased after him.
“Alexandra Mae Tyler, get your ass down here right now!” Noah bellowed.
He stomped his way up the stairs, and Sofia followed him. Sofia refused to believe it had been Lexi, and God knows he wished he could believe that too.
Reaching a door two down from his bedroom, Noah pushed it open so hard the door slammed against the wall. Inside the empty room was a queen-size bed with a red comforter in one corner at an angle, and a white dresser stood across from it. For a teen’s room, it was immaculate.
“Where the hell…?” Noah yelled as a door downstairs opened and shut.
“Dad, is everything okay? I thought you were hanging out with Sofia? Is she okay?” Lexi’s voice carried up the stairs.
Noah picked Sofia up by the waist and set her to the side as if she weighed nothing. He charged down the hall to the stairs, Sofia on his heels. The fact that Lexi hadn’t been home didn’t work in her favor, the anger inside him rose to dangerous levels.
“Where the hell were you, Alexandra? Why did you do it? How can you even do something like that to Sofia?” Noah started spouting off question after question as he descended the stairs. “What would your mother say?”
Lexi flinched as if she had been slapped across the face.
“Noah, stop!” Sofia yelled as she worked her way down the stairs. Reaching his side, he vaguely heard Sofia’s phone ring.
Lexi’s voice came out small but strong, “What do you think I did?”
“Now’s not a good time,” Sofia said and ended the call.
“Why don’t you tell me why you would write something so awful about Sofia? If you have an issue with us being together, you should have talked to us about it!” Noah thundered.
Lexi’s eyes left her father’s angry face and moved to Sofia’s. “I don’t know what you guys think I did, but I can’t believe you would think I did anything to you.”
Before anyone could say another word, the door opened and Lindsey walked right in.
“Lex, I don’t, but…” Sofia stopped speaking as tears poured from Lexi’s eyes.
Lexi turned and walked to the stairs but stopped at Noah’s chilling voice.
“Where the hell do you think you’re going? There are consequences for what you did!”
“What the hell is going on?” Lindsey finally spoke up.
“I’m not quite sure, but apparently, I’m to blame. There’s been no trial, just judgment. So much for innocent until proven guilty.” Lexi’s shoulders slumped impossibly further as she climbed the stairs.
“Damn it, Alexandra!” Noah yelled before turning on Lindsey. “I thought you were bringing her home?”
Before Noah could launch further into his attack on Lindsey, Sofia stepped forward in between them.
“I did bring her home. Now will someone please tell me what in the hell is going on here and why that child looks like you kicked her puppy!” Lindsey ended with a screech.
Noah grabbed Sofia’s phone out of her back pocket, pulled the picture up, and shoved it in Lindsey’s face. “Look at what she did to Sofia’s building.”
“Oh, my god! Sof!” Lindsey whispered. “Wait, Lexi couldn’t have done that—”
“She did!” Noah insisted.
Lindsey stepped back and looked at them both before turning to Sofia. “Sof, you can’t believe that she did this.”
“Linz, I didn’t think so until we got here and she wasn’t home.”
“Wow! No wonder that poor child’s heart is broken. Parent of the fucking year, Noah! You want to know why she wasn’t home when you got home? Because she was at my house watching a damn movie. She did not do that because she was with me. Un-fucking-believable. Seriously, Sofia?” Lindsey shook her head in disappointment at them both before she went upstairs after Lexi.
While relief filled Sofia’s face, Noah felt all the blood drain from his own. What the hell had he just done?
“Oh God,” he whispered.
Sofia stepped into him and embraced his stiff body. He didn’t deserve any comfort for the way he had just treated his daughter. If Vanessa had been here to witness what he had just done…

* * *

A few minutes later, he walked away and out the back door. Sofia wasn’t sure how long she stood in the entrance of Noah’s house before she heard his truck start up and drive away. She looked up the stairs, slipped off her flats, and made her way to Lexi’s room. She knocked softly before opening the door and found the girl sobbing in Lindsey’s arms. Lindsey gave her a disappointed look that cut Sofia more than anger ever could.
Sofia sat next to them on the bed and placed a hand on Lexi’s back. “Baby girl, I am so sorry.”
Lexi lifted her face and swiped at the tears falling down her face. “How could you think I’d do something so horrible?”
Sofia wiped more tears away. “I didn’t think you did until we got here and you weren’t home, especially after all your moodiness lately.”
“I love you, Sofia. I wouldn’t ever do that to you. I think you and Dad are great together.”
Sofia’s heart clenched at the girl’s admission. “I love you too, sweetheart.”
“I’ve been “moody” because some girls at school have been giving me a hard time about dancing with Jaxson. He hasn’t talked to me since then, but when you sat with him at Whiskey’s, he talked to you.”
“Aww, sweetie. I had to go save him from Annabelle. You’ve seen how she throws herself at men, and Jaxson is too sweet to say or do anything to send her away. He hasn’t been avoiding you. He actually thinks you’re avoiding him.”
The girl slowly composed herself. “Really?”
Sofia smiled at her. “Really. Apparently, he’s also scared of your dad. He wants to ask you to the movies.” Sofia wiggled her eyebrows and watched Lexi fall back and slam a pillow over her face.
“O-gd-ee-wi-eva-e-ee-o,” Lexi mumbled into the pillow before Sofia pulled it off her face.
“Say again?”
“Dad will never let me go. Hell, he thinks I’m a horrible person who did—what did I supposedly do, by the way?”
Sofia sighed and pulled out her phone. “Someone spray-painted the wall where you spray-painted the orchid.”
Understanding dawned on Lexi’s face as she looked at the picture. “Oh, my god! No wonder he thinks I’m scum of the earth. Sofia, I promise you I didn’t do that! Who would do that?”
“Lex, I never thought you did. I just lost my hope when you weren’t home. I’m sorry about that.”
“I understand. I just wish he didn’t think such awful things about me,” Lexi whispered.
“He loves you. When he realized how badly he messed up… well, I’ve never seen that look on his face. Then he left.”
Lexi sat up. “He left?”
“I’m guessing he went to work it off by cleaning up the wall.”
Lindsey spoke up for the first time since Sofia entered the room. “You guys better now?”
Sofia looked at Lexi for the answer.
“Yeah.” Lexi gave them a small smile.
“Umm, one more thing. That wasn’t the first time this week something’s happened.”
“What? What else did someone spray-paint?” Lindsey asked.
“No not spray-paint, but someone destroyed all my plants and their pots in the back.” Sofia pulled up the picture. As they gasped their outrage, Sofia’s phone began to ring. “Hello?”
“Sofia? Sheriff Randy. Did you guys check to see Lexi’s whereabouts?”
“Hi, Sheriff. Yes, we did. She was with Lindsey, so it wasn’t her.”
“That’s what I was hoping, I’m glad to hear that. Is Noah with you?”
“No, he left. I think he went to go clean up the mess.”
“Okay. Have a good night, and be sure to call if anything else happens.”
“Okay, thanks Sheriff. Good night.” Sofia hit the End Call button and put her phone in her back pocket. “Linz, can you drop me off at my place?”
“I’m going with you too,” Lexi declared as she swung her legs over the side of her bed, narrowly missing Sofia.
“Yeah, I can take you guys.”

* * *

Lindsey pulled the car to the edge of the road next to Sofia’s building, and sure enough, Noah was cleaning up. He was a man possessed, scrubbing at the awful word.
“Let me know if you need anything, either of you. Night, guys.”
“Night,” Sofia and Lexi sounded off at the same time.
"Lex, why did you paint an orchid last time?" Sofia quietly asked as they stepped away from the truck.
"It was Mom's favorite flower," Lexi whispered back with a sad smile.
Putting an arm around her, Sofia placed a kiss on her head and moved toward Noah. As they approached, they saw him scrubbing vigorously at the wall with a clenched jaw. All that was left of the word was “ore.”
Lexi walked to Noah’s back, hugged him, and muttered, “Love you.”
Noah stopped what he was doing and dropped his head before he twisted in his daughter’s arms. “I am so sorry, baby girl. So very sorry. Your mom would whip me raw for even thinking you could do this. Sofia tried telling me—”
“Apology accepted, Daddy.”
Noah’s body relaxed, and he lay his head on hers briefly before kissing her hair. His eyes lifted to Sofia’s, and she saw the pain they still contained.
“Sheriff Randy called me. I let him know it wasn’t Lexi.”
“Thank you. We’ll figure out who did it. No one messes with my girls.” Noah pulled her to his side and held them both close.
“Lex, I need to know. Are you really okay with Sofia and me?” he asked.
Lexi’s eyes focused on Noah’s. “Like I told Sofia, I think you guys are great together.”
Sofia’s eyes moistened before she blinked the unshed tears away.
“Okay, baby girl we can talk more about this another day,” Noah smiled. “I’m almost done here. Why don’t you two go upstairs? When I’m done, I’ll get you and we’ll go home.”
“Okay.” Lexi squeezed him and let go.
Sofia pressed into his embrace and gave his lips a soft brush.
“Sofia?” he said.
“Yeah?”
“I swear we’ll figure out who did this,” Noah promised her.
Sofia smiled, “We will.” She went to Lexi’s side, placed her arm around her shoulders, and they walked into her place.
Chapter 16
Just as with the first time, Noah left barely a trace of the spray paint. But when he had said, “We’ll go home,” he meant Sofia as well. It took quite a bit of persuading, but she finally told them good night and locked the door as Noah waited to hear the distinctive click.
Sofia’s Friday morning went smoothly. Printed invoices were ready to be mailed, and she was working on some ideas for an advertisement for Veiled. Anastasia had given her full creative reins, and Sofia didn’t want to let her down. She was completely immersed when she heard her cell phone ringing.
Without looking at the screen, she answered and placed it between her cheek and shoulder. “Hello?”
“Hello, darling. Have I called at a bad time?”
Sofia sat back and gave the caller her full attention. “Hi, Grandmother. I’m just working on a project. How are you?”
“I am well. I was just calling to see if you would like to have dinner together? Your grandfather has one thing or another going on tonight, and I thought that I could come to you?”
“Oh, I—well, that would be great.”
“I’m sorry, did you have plans already with your young man?”
Sofia thought of Noah being her young man and held back a giggle. “Nothing was set, but I’d love to see you.”
“Well, how about you invite him and his daughter? We can enjoy a nice meal at one of your restaurants.”
“Oh, okay. All we really have here is Whiskey’s though, and it’s a pub. I’ll just cook some dinner.” Sofia imagined the logistics of fitting them all in her small apartment. It would be a tight fit, but it would work.
“Oh no, my dear, I don’t want you cooking after being in the office all day. I’m sure your pub will be just fine.” Her grandmother tested the word, and Sofia was surprised to hear her sounding intrigued rather than haughty. “I will be there at six.”
“Okay. I look forward to seeing you tonight.”
“I do too, dear.”
The call disconnected, and Sofia sat there in disbelief. Not only would this be her grandmother’s first visit to St. Fleur since the grand opening of Orchid Photography, but Noah and Lexi were to come along too. Sofia scrolled through her contacts and found Noah’s number. He was working in town refinishing a porch, and she hated to bother him, but she needed to give him a heads-up.
“Hey, baby. Everything okay?” Noah asked with concern.
“Hi. Yeah—well, I think it is. Grandmother just called me.”
“Okay. Is she all right?”
“She’s meeting me at Whiskey’s for dinner at six tonight, and she wants you and Lexi there as well.”
“Okay. We’ll meet you there. Why do you sound freaked out?”
She bit her lip. “Are you sure it’s okay? I can tell her you’re busy.”
“Baby, it’s fine. It’s great actually. Now tell me why you sound freaked out about it?”
“She’s never come here for dinner before. I always meet her in the city or at her house. I’m excited she’s meeting me on my turf, but what if—” Sofia stared into space.
“What if what?”
“What if it’s not good enough?” Sofia whispered. She didn’t even think Noah had heard her until she heard him curse.
“Sofia, it will be fine. You are more than good enough. Your grandmother is tough as nails, but she’s a fair woman. She loves you, baby, and I think it’s great that she wants to come here and have dinner with you. I’ll see you at six, and I want you to quit worrying. I’ve got a few things to finish up before I can head home and clean up, but if you need me, give me a call. I—will see you later.”
“Okay. Thanks, honey. I’ll see you later.”
Minutes later, Sofia still sat with the phone in her hand, thinking about how it had sounded as though Noah was going to say more. Was he going to say ‘I love you’? No. He couldn’t love her. They hadn’t even been together long.
Her stomach growled and pulled her thoughts away from the potential seriousness of their relationship. She had made her lunch earlier but got distracted by work, and now she needed to eat. She grabbed the barely eaten food and took it to the kitchen, away from her work, where she could focus on feeding herself.

* * *

The rest of Sofia’s afternoon flew by. She closed up shop and went upstairs to do a little cleaning and quickly check her appearance. It was Friday, so she was in a nice pair of dark wash jeans with a beautiful burnt-orange sleeveless blouse. She had slipped on a simple black necklace to spruce up the look and wore strappy black wedges. She freshened up her makeup, grabbed her purse, and headed to Whiskey’s fifteen minutes early.
The tables had been rearranged, making room for couples to dance later, and Jaime Lynn was at the bar talking to a man. Sofia found Jesse behind the bar, glancing angrily at the man. She held back the urge to shake her head at their drama.
Jesse saw her and smiled brightly. “Hi, gorgeous. You going to leave Noah behind and run away with me yet?” Jesse asked a little louder than he needed.
Sofia laughed. “While tempting, I’ll have to pass.”
Jesse clutched his chest in a mock heartbreak.
“You’re so bad!” she said, and he lifted a shoulder in a shrug.
“What can I get you, honey?”
“Umm, how about a glass of red wine?”
“Okay, I’ll have it brought to your regular spot then?”
“No. I need a large table actually.” Sofia looked around and found two tables that she could shove together.
“Oh? Having a party and you didn’t invite me?” Jesse asked as Jaime Lynn came up.
“Not a party, but my grandmother is joining Noah, Lexi, and me for dinner.”
Jaime Lynn’s eyes rounded briefly. “Wow. Um, okay then. Anything we can do to help?”
“Nope. I just need that wine to get myself into a happy place. They’ll all be arriving soon,” Sofia said in Jesse’s direction.
“I’m on it,” Jesse told her as he grabbed a glass.
With Jaime Lynn’s help, Sofia scooted the tables together. She looked up and saw her wine was delivered and took a swig. As the wine began to coat her insides, she felt herself relax. She should have known that it would be temporary though. When the door opened at ten till six, in walked her mom.
“Oh God! No!” Sofia mumbled. When her eyes connected with her mom’s, Sofia watched a bright smile form on her face.
She weaved her way to where Sofia sat. “Hi, honey! Surprise!” Her mom leaned forward and hugged her.
“Mom. Hi—what are you doing here?”
“Well, I thought about what you said, and I wanted to come surprise you and…”
Oh god, no way could she deal with the and, but here it comes…
“I’m staying the night!”
“You’re what?”
“Staying the night, honey. You did say I could?” Her mom’s face fell at the possibility of not being wanted.
Sofia quickly recovered and arranged her face in happiness, even though it was being choked by her worry that the surprise visit would land at the same time as… Sofia looked over her mom’s shoulder. Yup, there in the entrance of the pub stood her grandmother.
Sofia cleared her throat. “Of course, Mom. You can stay the night.” She lifted her glass and drank half of it as she looked over the rim to the bar.
Jaime Lynn’s eyes bulged as she told Jesse something.
Her mom noticed various empty settings at the table and began to shrink in confidence of her welcome. “Oh, are you meeting friends for dinner?”
“Yes, actually…” Sofia looked to her mom’s side just as her grandmother reached them. “Hello, Grandmother!”
Her mom stood straight as a rod and turned to see the woman next to her. Her mom wore jean capris and a cotton shirt with a squiggly design containing some gems. Her grandmother was in her usual skirt suit; this time, it was a beautiful deep red. Her mom’s hair was pulled back in a clip, while her grandmother’s was in a bob with not one hair out of place. The two women were night and day, but both loved Sofia. Too bad her mother hated her grandmother.
“Hello, dear. I didn’t know your mother would be joining us. How lovely!” Mrs. Blanc told them with a sincere smile. “How are you, Olivia?”
Her grandmother sat down across from Sofia as Jaime Lynn walked their way with a full glass of red wine. Sofia tipped back the rest of hers and placed the glass aside.
“I’m well, Mrs. Blanc,” her mother said through clenched teeth.
Jaime Lynn placed the glass down, grabbed the empty one, and ran away.
“Please call me Julia. We’re family,” her grandmother told her mom.
Sofia relaxed a bit. She wasn’t sure whether it was because the wine filled every inch of her body with warmth or because of her grandmother’s kindness, but she didn’t really care. The door opened, and Sofia watched Noah and Lexi make their way to their table. He smiled at her, and her insides melted.
“Oh, wonderful. There’s Noah and Alexandra,” Mrs. Blanc told no one in particular.
Noah bent and kissed her grandmother’s cheek. “As lovely as ever, Mrs. Blanc.”
Lexi gave a little wave from her father’s side.
“Young man, please call me Julia,” she said blushing.
Noah nodded and looked between Sofia and her mom with questioning eyes.
“Noah, I’d like you to meet my mother, Olivia Brazier.”
Noah’s eyes rounded just enough for her to see his surprise before he turned to her mom. “A pleasure to meet you, ma’am. I’ve heard so much about you.”
“I’m afraid I’m at a disadvantage, as I haven’t heard a thing about you.” Her eyes darted to Sofia accusingly, making Sofia gasp.
Noah ignored the jab and turned to Sofia. His eyes softened. “Hi, baby.” Bending, he brushed his lips against hers then sat in the chair next to her.
Lexi walked to Sofia’s other side and gave her a quick hug and hello before sitting. Sofia drew strength from their obvious positions of protection. Sofia lifted her glass to her lips and gathered more strength from the liquid courage.
Jaime Lynn returned with a Jack and Coke for Noah. “Annabelle will be with you shortly. Here are some menus.” She winked at Sofia and went behind the bar with Jesse.
The table sat quietly. Noah put his left arm around Sofia and grabbed his drink with his right. Sofia looked over at him and noticed he had on a nice pair of jeans, with an untucked blue button-down shirt. Her mouth watered, and she couldn’t help placing her hand on his thigh and giving it a brief squeeze. He responded by tracing circles on her arm.
Olivia looked between Noah and Sofia, and her eyes softened as she liked whatever she saw. Her eyes traveled to Lexi in confusion before returning to the couple.
“Who is this young lady?” Olivia questioned the table.
“My daughter, Alexandra.” Noah lifted his drink for a sip.
Olivia nodded as she filed the information away. Everyone watched everyone else for a few more moments until Annabelle walked up to Noah’s side. Her breasts rubbed the side of his arm, and he moved closer to Sofia. Julia and Olivia’s eyes narrowed on the woman.
“Hello, darlin’. What can I do for you?” she purred, ignoring the rest of the table.
Lexi shook her head in amusement. Sofia couldn’t believe the woman was still trying.
“Are you ladies ready to order?” Noah asked the table as he dislodged himself from Annabelle’s arm, which had snaked its way to his neck. He watched them nod before he tilted his head in their direction, forcing Annabelle to take their orders.
Once everyone was done, instead of walking to the other side of the table to retrieve the menus, Annabelle reached forward putting her breasts a breath away from Noah’s face. He must have seen the maneuver coming because he turned in Sofia’s direction and stayed that way until Annabelle straightened.
Julia was the first to speak as Annabelle sashayed to the kitchen. “What on earth is wrong with that woman?”
“She has no self-respect,” Lexi said for the first time.
“No, it appears she does not,” Olivia said.
“Did you see her place her hands on Noah?” Julia asked Olivia.
“I thought she was going to fall into his lap,” Olivia chuckled.
“Her bosom is barely contained in that shirt. That is not how a lady behaves,” Julia declared.
“You okay, honey?” Sofia asked Noah as she leaned into him.
“Yeah, but I’m going to have to burn my clothes after tonight.” Noah’s eyes sparkled with amusement.
Annabelle came back around and placed a glass of pinot grigio in front of both Julia and Olivia. Dropping a pen that hadn’t even been in her hand, she bent in front of Noah to retrieve it. The short shorts on her trim body rode higher.
“For the love of all that’s holy, have some self-respect, woman!” Julia told her.
Olivia added, “No one wants to see that!”
Sofia put her fingers against her lips to stop the laugh that boiled to the surface. She coughed to cover it up.
Noah turned to her with a huge smile. “You okay, baby?”
Sofia nodded at him as Annabelle shot daggers at them.
Thanks to Annabelle’s antics, the table relaxed and the conversation unfolded. Noah and Julia talked about the women’s center, and Olivia offered to volunteer some of her time. Lexi shared her interests and how her day had gone. As the crowd thickened, Jaime Lynn brought them their food. The break from Annabelle was a welcome relief.
After putting her used napkin on her empty plate, Julia smiled. “That food was delicious!”
“It was very good,” Olivia agreed. Sofia’s mom was more relaxed around her grandmother than Sofia had expected. It was a nice surprise.
“Mrs. Blanc, would you do me the honor of this dance?” Noah asked.
“Oh?” Julia looked between Sofia and Noah uncertainly. “Yes, I’d be delighted.”
The group watched them walk to the dance floor, Julia’s hand in the crook of Noah’s elbow. Noah spun her around, and she heard her grandmother laugh when her attention was suddenly pulled away by Lexi’s gasp. Her aura briefly jumped around.
“Are you all right, sweetie?” Olivia asked.
Lexi’s round eyes jumped to Sofia. “It’s Jax!”
“Yeah. He’s been over there eating with his momma for the last thirty minutes,” Sofia told her.
“Oh. My. God. He’s coming this way!” she whispered.
“Hello, Ms. Brazier. Lexi,” Jaxson told them when he reached the table.
“Hello, Jaxson. This is my mother, Olivia Brazier.” Sofia nodded toward her mom.
After peeling his eyes away from Lexi, Jaxson answered, “Nice to meet you, ma’am,”
“Nice to meet you too, young man,” Olivia said.
Jaxson’s eyes cut back to Lexi’s.
Annabelle stepped next to Jaxson and rubbed her breast on his arm. “Can I help you, honey?”
“Annabelle! What did I—” Sofia started as she stood. She stopped short when Jaxson’s eyes came to her.
“Ms. Brazier, it’s okay. Lexi, would you like to dance with me?” Jaxson asked, dismissing the woman.
Sofia stood next to Jaxson.
“I’d love to,” Lexi said.
Sofia pulled him in Lexi’s direction as Lexi stood and placed her hand in his to be led away. Sofia saw the moment Noah’s sharp eyes spotted the teens—his body stiffened, but continued his dance with her grandmother.
“I warned you to leave that boy alone!” Sofia snapped at Annabelle, attempting to keep her statement from reaching the entire pub. Each time Annabelle pulled her stunts with Noah, it bugged Sofia and she wanted to say more, but Jaxson was a minor. He didn’t want her attention, and she wasn’t leaving the boy alone.
“You aren’t his mother, bitch,” Annabelle snarled.
“No, but I am. You need to keep your tits off my son!” Rosalind Jolie thundered from behind Sofia.
Annabelle startled briefly before rolling her eyes at Jaxson’s mom.
Jaime Lynn’s voice boomed from behind Annabelle. “Kitchen, now!”
As soon as the kitchen door closed behind their small gathering, Jaime Lynn turned angry eyes on Annabelle. “I know you did not just call one of my customers a bitch!”
Annabelle’s eyes rounded for a moment as she noticed the crowd. Sofia looked around and saw that Olivia and Sheriff Randy had followed them to the kitchen. Annabelle turned toward her boss. “I—”
“I also know you were not just rubbing your tits on that boy—again! I warned you, Annabelle. Get your shit and leave. You’re fired. You’ll get your tips for the night when you pick up your last paycheck.”
“What?” Annabelle shrieked and turned to Sofia. “This is your entire fucking fault. You fucking whore!” Annabelle’s hand flew forward to land a blow on Sofia’s face but was grabbed by a large hand.
“Don’t you dare lay a hand on her,” Noah and Julia appeared, and he growled into the back of Annabelle’s head. “You do not call my woman a whore. Get your shit and leave, or I’ll throw you out my damn self!”
“You throw me out and I’ll tell the sheriff you assaulted me!” Annabelle spat back.
“Annabelle get your stuff, it’s better that you leave on your own.” Sheriff Randy’s country twang called from the corner where he watched the entire scene play out.
“Fine! I’m leaving!” Annabelle screamed in rage. Crossing by Noah, she muttered, “Keep your fucking whore.”
Everything else became a blur as Noah growled and took a menacing step toward her. A hand came out of thin air and connected with the side of Annabelle’s face. The crowd gasped and turned to see Julia Blanc’s arm connected to that same hand.
“Don’t you dare call my granddaughter a whore. She’s not the one throwing herself at multiple men. Her momma taught her self-respect and how to act like a lady. Something you apparently have never learned.” Julia turned on her heel, dismissing Annabelle’s presence, and left the kitchen.
“Out!” Jaime Lynn demanded.
In silence they watched Annabelle grab her things from a cubby and march out in a huff, fury rolling off of her in waves.
Noah turned Sofia in his arms and kissed her hard. “You okay, baby?”
Sofia nodded, and Noah guided her back to her seat.
Olivia finally closed her gaping mouth and turned to Julia once they reached the table. “Thank you.”
“For?” Julia asked.
“For what you said and did,” she replied in awe.
“I only spoke the truth. You took care of and loved my grandbaby like only a mother could. She’s a lady because of you, and no one talks about my granddaughter that way,” Julia told her.
Through tear-filled eyes, Sofia watched her mom pull Julia into an embrace and, after a moment, had it returned. Noah squeezed her into his side, and his thumb swiped at her tears as they spilled. It seemed her mom was getting over her issues regarding her grandmother after all.
“So who’s going to tell me who the hell is that man-child dancing with my baby girl?” Noah’s deep voice growled as the women stopped hugging.
“Jaxson Jolie,” Sofia answered.
Noah narrowed his eyes on Sofia. She knew he expected more information, but she didn’t know how to tread those waters. Luckily, she didn’t have to because at that moment, the teens returned to the table.
“Thank you for the dance, Lexi.” Jaxson pulled out her chair. “Thank you, Jax,” Lexi said shyly.
Jaxson tipped his head at the table and walked to his mom, who now stood by the bar waiting to leave.
“Alexandra—”
“What a nice young man.” Julia jumped in, interrupting Noah.
Lexi smiled at the woman and nodded. Sofia placed her hand on Noah’s thigh and squeezed it.
“He’s very good-looking.” Olivia winked at Lexi.
Sofia saw what the two women were doing and gave them another smile. One that Noah caught and answered with a little growl.
“He’s a good kid,” Sofia added as the door to the pub slammed open.
Someone yelled for the sheriff. Noah tensed at the commotion and excused himself to follow the men back outside.
Once Noah was out of earshot, Lexi relaxed. “Thank you, Sof.”
Sofia put her arm around Lexi’s shoulders. “You’re welcome. You do realize he’s going to interrogate you, right? Did you have fun at least?”
“Yeah, I know,” Lexi muttered as she smiled. “I did have fun, although we were distracted by Annabelle’s little scene.” Lexi straightened and looked past Sofia. “Uh oh…”
Sofia turned and spotted Noah stalking back to their table. He was furious, and she could feel the power of his anger from across the pub.
“I’m sorry, baby, but you gotta come outside,” Noah spoke through clenched teeth as he obviously attempted to control the rage inside him.
Sofia considered the other women and began excusing herself, but they shook their heads and stood to follow. Sofia didn’t know what was going on, but having their support felt good. She felt the eyes of the crowd trailing her. Stepping outside, she spotted the Sheriff standing by Annabelle in an area between her building and the pub.
“Sofia—”
“You’re such a bitch! You ruin everything!” Annabelle spat.
Then Sofia noticed Annabelle’s arms were handcuffed behind her back.
“I’m sorry I didn’t see what was happening until I heard the crash,” Rocco told her.
Sofia let out a sigh and nodded at him. Noah guided her to where she had parked her car. Sofia’s body tensed, and she pulled away from Noah. Walking around her car, she avoided the broken glass covering the ground. Her windshield had a large horizontal crack, and her driver side window was smashed to pieces. The hood of her Caddy had the word “whore” keyed into it.
Sofia felt her blood pressure rising and said nothing as the men watched her turn and go toward Annabelle. When she was about ten feet from Annabelle, a truck skidded to a halt and illegally parked. Sofia ignored it. Before anyone could so much as blink, her arm swung out and punched Annabelle in the face. In the silence, the crunch of her nose breaking was jarring.
“Damn! I wanted to do that!” Lindsey’s voice whined, pulling Sofia back to the surface.
Annabelle screamed, “You broke my nose!” She took a step toward Sofia, but the sheriff stepped in between them as Annabelle bled all over her white shirt.
Wrapping an arm around Sofia’s waist, Noah pulled her back and Lindsey followed them.
“I assume you want to press charges?” Sheriff Randy asked Sofia.
“Yes,” Sofia said as the adrenaline flowing in her started to ebb.
“Assault! I want to press charges for assault!” Annabelle hollered with one hand cupping her nose.
“Assault for what? Between what you did to her car, her building, and her plants, you’re looking at a felony for destruction of property and vandalism. You know that right? I won’t even mention the mess with Rosalind’s boy. Are you sure you want to press charges for assault?”
Annabelle sputtered a variety of sounds before shaking her head and bursting into more tears.
Sheriff Randy sighed, “All right, darlin’. Why don’t we try to figure out who you want to call to get you out of this mess?”
Sofia looked between the sheriff and Noah. “She’s the one who did the other damage?”
Noah turned her in his arms. “Yes. When we got out here, Rocco told us she was spouting off hateful things. She admitted doing the other things when Randy confronted her. How’s your hand?”
Sofia stretched her fingers and wiggled them around. “A little sore but good.”
“That was a great punch, but you’re damn lucky the sheriff didn’t ‘see it.’ Do you need ice?”
“No, I’m good.”
“Okay.” Noah looked between the group of women that had followed them out, Lindsey, Sofia, and the pub.
“Hey, Sof! This calls for some shots! We finally know who was behind all the vandalisms!” Lindsey giggled. She slipped an arm around her friend’s arm and walked away.

* * *

Noah watched them all walk back inside. At least they had finally had their answers. He scrubbed his face with his hands, and exhaustion set in as the events washed over him. With a glance at Annabelle, he wondered how someone ended up in her shoes.
“Noah, we got a problem.” The sheriff said, drawing him from his thoughts. “Rocco, tell Noah what you told me,” Sheriff Randy demanded as he slapped his Stetson on his thigh with one hand and ran his fingers through his hair with the other.
The older man’s demeanor caused a prickle of dread to run up his back. What the hell was it now? His eyes flashed from them to Annabelle who was being helped with her bloody nose. Pride bubbled up at the right hook Sofia had given Annabelle. Damn if Sofia wasn’t lucky Sheriff Randy didn’t handcuff her for it. Thank God for small favors and small towns.
“Yeah man, what’s going on?” Noah asked Rocco.
“I don’t think Annabelle is the only one Sofia needs to worry about.”
Lead dropped into Noah’s stomach, “What happened?”
Chapter 17
After all the drama, Jaime Lynn ordered Jesse to have shots of tequila, sans lemon, on the bar counter ready for them.
Olivia caught Lindsey up on the night’s events as Julia closed their tab, said her good-byes, and left for the city. Noah asked Lindsey to take Lexi home, which bought her more time on the Jaxson conversation, and Sofia watched the girl relax. Sofia and Olivia walked to her apartment, but not before noticing that Annabelle was gone, and the sheriff and Noah were still outside with Rocco.
“I’m going home,” Sofia told Noah when she reached his side and slid her arms around him.
“Okay. If you need me, call. I have a few things I want to talk to Randy about, then I’ll head home.”
“Randy?” Sofia asked him with amusement.
“Yeah.” Turning his charming smile to Olivia, Noah said, “It was a pleasure to meet you.”
Olivia looked between Sofia and Noah and smiled. “The pleasure was all mine. I’m going to go get my bag. Sof, take all the time you need.”
They watched her walk away, and Noah used his thumb and finger to pull Sofia’s face up to him. “You sure you’re okay? Tonight was jam-packed with emotional crap.”
“Yeah. I just want to go to bed.”
“Okay.” Noah dipped his face and kissed her. She wrapped her arms around his neck and melted into his embrace. “Good night, baby,” he whispered against her lips, stepping back once she could stand without swaying.
“Night, honey.” Sofia walked away and noticed her mom standing by her apartment door with a pleased smile.
“Good night, Sofia. Make sure to lock your doors,” Sheriff Randy called from somewhere near her car.
“Good night. Always do.”

* * *

Sofia walked down the street to Belles grocery store. She had considered driving, but she didn’t need much and wanted to be outside in the fresh air. The day had cooled as fall began. Although fall in the South was more of a reprieve from the excruciating heat and humidity they normally experienced.
Once they had gone inside her apartment the night before, she caught her mom up on her relationship with Noah, the escalation to Annabelle’s flip-out, and her grandmother’s real intentions. Her grandmother had finally broken through the wall her mother had built regarding all things Julia Blanc. Being able to talk to her about her grandmother without glares or attitude was liberating.
Her mom stayed for breakfast but headed home afterward with the promise of no more surprise visits. Sofia had enjoyed the visit though, and she no longer felt the weight of guilt for finding her biological family. Things seemed to be finally coming together.
The moment the thought popped in her head, the hairs on the back of her neck stood up.
“Shit.” She swore under her breath, coming to a halt two storefronts down from the grocery store.
She looked ahead and saw nothing. Turning, she scanned the quiet street behind her. Her eyes reached the right side and caught the edge of an aura disappearing behind a corner. She knew it wasn’t Annabelle since the sheriff had called her earlier with an update on Annabelle’s release for her court hearing.
Sofia squinted, hoping to figure out who was there, but past a feeling of maliciousness and familiarity, she wasn’t sure what or who she’d just seen. Her phone vibrated in her back pocket, pulling her thoughts away from the weirdness of her situation.
“Hello?” Sofia’s voice faltered as she returned to walking down to the store.
“Sofia? Baby, you okay?” Noah asked, his voice serious and alert.
“Oh. Hi, honey. Yeah. Just distracted,” she said, not wanting to worry him.
“What are you up to?” His voice eased to a level of huskiness that made her think of what she wanted to be doing.
That only made her laugh as she entered Belles. “Just entered Belles. Need anything?” She waved at Suzanne, who sat at the checkout counter with a book in hand.
“Nothing Suzanne sells.” He chuckled. “Why don’t you come over for dinner tonight? I was thinking of ordering pizza.”
“Okay, what time?”
“Anytime. Although I will warn you, I’m working on the house, but you can keep me company if you want.”
“Okay. I’ll bring lunch. Bye, honey.”
“Bye, baby.”
Sofia walked around the store, picked up a few things she needed and grabbed ingredients to make them meatball hoagies. She was thinking about the person who had obviously been watching her when she came around the corner and walked right into a solid body.
“Ms. Brazier. I’m sorry, are you okay?”
Sofia looked up into Jaxson’s eyes and exhaled a breath she hadn’t realized she was holding in fright. She wasn’t one to freak out, but something wasn’t right. “Oh, Jax! You startled me. I’m sorry, I didn’t see you there.”
“I’m sorry.”
Sofia smiled. “How’d your dance with Lexi go?”
“Nice. I chickened out with her dad though,” Jaxson admitted as he shuffled from one foot to the other.
“When do you get off today?”
“Two. Suzanne closes at five on Sundays.”
“Would you like to join me at Lexi’s for dinner tonight? We’re having pizza. Come by around four thirty.” Sofia hoped she wasn’t sending the poor boy to the gallows.
His eyes rounded before he said softly, “Um, are you sure Mr. Tyler won’t mind?”
Sofia laughed and placed her hand on the boy’s arm. “Oh, he will. But if you want to date Lexi, you’ll have to do it eventually, and I think it’ll be easier for everyone if I’m there. I’m going over there now, so I’ll try to soften him up for your arrival.”
“Okay, if you think so.” A fine sheen of sweat formed on his forehead.
“See you later.” Sofia winked before she stepped around him. She placed her basket on the counter, and Suzanne put her book aside and removed the items. “Hi, Suzanne. How are you today?”
“I’m fine, Sofia. How are you? Did your friend find you yesterday?” she asked with a friendly smile.
Alarms went off inside Sofia’s head, and she stopped moving. “My friend?”
“Yes, your friend came in here yesterday wondering where he could find you. He said he hadn’t seen you in a few years and wanted to surprise you. I’m sorry, was I not supposed to say anything?” Suzanne stopped ringing the items up as her aura shifted with nervous energy. “Maybe he didn’t get to surprise you after all the excitement with Annabelle. The nerve of that woman!”
“Yes, maybe that’s why. Thanks for telling me. Did you catch his name?”
“Um, actually no, I never asked. Shoot, how could I not ask?” she scolded herself as she finished ringing up her items.
“It’s okay. I’m sure it’s nothing at all,” Sofia told her with a forced smile even though everything in her told her something was not right at all. 
She walked outside after saying good-bye to Suzanne. “Crap. What on earth is going on?”
Sofia spent the whole walk to her building with the feeling of impending doom. Something was off, and she couldn’t shake the feeling. She carried her bags to her door with plans to hurry up and head over to Noah’s.
Sofia shut the door, and as she locked it, her head was slammed into the door.

* * *

Sofia was coming to but didn’t open her eyes. She remembered coming into her apartment before someone had slammed her head into the door. Pain shot through her head as she mentally scanned her body for other injuries. Sofia was on the bed with her arms tied above her head. Whoever tied her up had also stripped her down to her bra and panties.
“Nice crib, bitch,” the male voice growled.
Sofia knew that voice. Oh God! She knew that voice. Fear crawled over her, her eyes shot open to confirm the identity.
“Remember me, bitch?” he snarled, his aura pulsed in angry waves.
Sofia said nothing but just looked at the older version of the boy she had once tried to help.
He stopped at the end of the bed. “Yup, I think you do remember me.”
Remember him? There was no way she could forget him. He was the reason she’d decided to leave her job as a juvenile probation officer. Hell, she was amazed she’d lasted as long as she did. Not every kid who came across her desk was hopeless, but he was. She’d had his file for six months, and it had felt like much longer.
For the first three months, he would only glare and utter no more than ten words with each visit. Her job had been to help kids like him fix their mistakes and keep out of trouble. His lack of communication hadn’t made her job easy. She had to rely on what information came from his foster parents, teachers, and the occasional meeting with his overworked social worker.
Robert “Slick” Johnson.
He had been fifteen when she had the honor of trying to keep him out of trouble. He’d been in the system since he was nine. He didn’t know who his father was, and his mother had died after a botched suicide attempt. Well, one could say the suicide wasn’t botched, but she’d had been found soon after overdosing on pills and was left in a vegetative state. Three months later, her comatose body finally gave out.
Slick was sent from foster home to foster home. He hardened with exposure to the bad kids. In some homes, he was beaten by the older kids and even the adults in charge of his safety. By twelve, he started racking up offenses. Shoplifting, fighting, breaking and entering, vandalism, possession of marijuana, and weapons possession all became common occurrences for him.
Sofia had tried her hardest to break him, but it was too late. Having a case with just too many years of bad shit always hurt. He had been molested, and she assumed raped, in one of the foster homes. At that point, his record went from bad to worse.
The day she’d brought up the possibility of his being raped, he blew up and Sofia became a victim. She was in a private meeting room with Slick after he had been brought in for assaulting his foster father.
“Slick, what the hell is wrong with you? There aren’t any other foster homes that will take you,” Sofia scolded.
He sat in the chair, waves of fury rolling off his body. His hands were in tight balls on his thighs, and he stared at the wall behind her head. “I’m not going back,” Slick told her in a hollow voice.
Sofia saw the boy he used to be, before everything in his life went to crap, peek out in fear through his eyes.
Noting a change to his aura, similar to a rape survivor she once met, she gasped. “Did he touch you?” She barely contained her anger that someone could hurt a child. Slick was far from a child by the experiences in his life, but he was one to her nonetheless.
“I’m not a homo!”
Slick exploded from his chair. He advanced on Sofia faster than she had ever thought possible, and he slammed her against the wall, one hand at her throat as he looked down at her chest.
“I didn’t say…” Sofia choked out before he squeezed harder.
His other hand ripped open her blouse. He grabbed her breast roughly, and when his grip let up, she finally managed to scream.
Slick had one hand cupping her crotch when an officer burst into the room. The officer grabbed Slick and slammed him against the wall as another rushed in to check on her. Sofia slid down the wall and held her torn shirt together as she tried to calm her breathing. Tears slid down her face. Not just for what almost had happened to her but for the broken human who had hurt her.
Later that night, bruises covered the column of her throat and her breast. Sofia emailed her boss with her resignation and never returned.
Sofia wasn’t sure what time it was. Slick stood in front of her, anger contorting his features. As he waited for her to answer his questions, she noted his aura had expanded from the last time she had seen him. Her head pounded, and her right eye hurt a hell of a lot. She must have hit the door at an angle. She ignored Slick while she looked down her body again, trying to figure out if he had done more than strip her down to undergarments.
Nothing felt off, which relieved her. “Slick—” Her voice sounded steadier than she felt.
“See, I knew you didn’t forget me,” he sneered as he leaned against her dresser.
Sofia’s heart pounded against her sternum. “Slick, what are you doing?”
“Bitch, because of you, I did time in the slammer,” he yelled. His voice was stronger and scarier than the last time she had seen him.
Sofia studied him as a variety of colors flashed all around him. Shame and pain, followed by self-pity and his need to blame someone other than the man who hurt him, brought him here to her doorstep.
Thankful that he didn’t have a gun on him that she could see, Sofia narrowed her eyes. “No, Slick, because of you, you did time, not because of me.” Sofia’s chest rose and fell as her blood ran hot with fear and anger and she raised her voice to a near scream. “I didn’t slam myself into a wall. I didn’t rip my shirt open and fondle my breast or crotch. You did that.”
Slick jerked back. He placed his hands over his ears like a little boy before he stood straight and glared at her. “Do you know what they do to the new guy? Do you?”
Sofia pushed back the sadness she felt for the boy. She refused to take responsibility for his actions. “You attacked me! All I did was try to help you! If you would have fucking talked to me instead of attacking me…” Sofia pulled on the restraints on her hands, awkwardly lifting her head and torso and leaned forward in anger. Her blood and adrenaline pumped so hard she no longer felt the pain. She didn’t even feel the blood trickling down from her cuts. An eerie calm rolled through her, “I was there to help you. You had almost completed your time. That bastard raped you, didn’t he?”
“Shut up, you fucking bitch!” He paced by the bottom of the bed.
“He did—didn’t he?” Sofia narrowed her eyes, a little piece of her heart broke at the fear and pain that slashed across his young face.
“I didn’t want it. I’m not a homo. He kept saying I was. My dick ached—I’m not a homo!” He talked to himself as he ran his hands through his hair, and his aura pulsed with shame.
“Robert. Look at me!” she pleaded.
“Don’t call me that!”
“Look at me!” Sofia waited until his wild eyes shot up. This was the longest conversation she had ever had with him, and she tried to ignore that fact. “That bastard raped you, and you hurt me because he hurt you. How fucked up is that? Just because you got an erection when he hurt you does not mean you wanted it or liked it. You should have told me he touched you.”
“No. Shut up!”
“No, you little shit! I had nightmares for months after you attacked me. Months. Don’t fucking come into my apartment and slam me against my door and tie me up half naked and then blame me because you fucked up and got sent to jail.”
“If you hadn’t—”
“Look at me, Robert! I didn’t tie myself up. You had a long rap sheet before you attacked me, a law enforcement officer of the court, and the two officers who tried to protect me. Not to mention the count of lewd and lascivious behavior. If you had kept your shit together and told me what the hell was going on, you wouldn’t have added those counts and sent yourself into the slammer.” Taking a deep breath, she watched him begin to deflate. “Slick, what did you think coming here was going to do? You only made all of this worse!”
He was crouched into a ball by her dresser with his arms wrapped around his knees. His eyes were glossy as if his mind had dipped into memories. Time ticked away, and depression dimmed his color as gray and black splotches poked holes in his aura.
Sofia seethed with anger for the man in front of her who had hurt her not once but twice now. She trembled with rage toward the man who had raped him and most likely countless others. Her heart broke for the child he never got a chance to be. Every kid deserves to have a chance at a safe, loving home.
“He fucking raped me…” he said to himself in a whisper.
“So you decided that hurting me was the way to prove your sexuality?” Sofia quietly asked, her anger becoming a living, breathing thing. Sofia’s eyes narrowed, and her voice hardened. “You’re no better than him now.”
“No! I—” Slick jumped to his feet when the front door exploded.
“In here!” Sofia yelled as she watched Slick’s eyes jump back and forth between her and the ajar door to her room.
In a panic, Slick ran to shut the door but flew back as the door was kicked hard against him. Noah stood in the doorway with his 9mm in his hands. If looks could kill, Slick would be dead. Noah’s brilliant green eyes moved to her and traveled over her body. She suspected he was looking for any visible injuries.
“Don’t you fucking move!” Noah’s hard voice warned Slick. Sofia heard a commotion in the entrance of her apartment before Noah yelled, “In the bedroom!”
Sheriff Randy came in with his gun drawn a moment later, and after spotting her tied up to the bed, he pointed it at Slick. Noah took that as his moment to lower his gun and slip it into the holster at the small of his back. He grabbed a blanket and covered her body before kneeling on the bed and working on the ties. She watched Noah’s face and saw all the emotions crossing it as he fought the knotted rope. A shadow fell over them as Deputy Jolie flipped open a pocket knife and handed it to him.
Deputy Jules Jolie was Jaxson’s aunt and went by the nickname JJ. She had natural auburn hair, fair skin, and kind blue eyes that turned to ice when she was mad. Right now, they shone with compassion and respect. “You okay, Sofia?”
Sofia saw Noah’s eyes shift to hers, and she nodded at them. “He didn’t touch me, past undressing me and tying me up. Thanks for getting here before he could do anything else.” A moment later, Noah brought her arms down and massaged them to relieve the pins and pricks she felt as blood rushed back in. Noah still hadn’t said anything, but his jaw was clenched tight, the muscle twitching. He wrapped the blanket completely around her, picked her up, and held her close to his chest.
Deputy JJ put her hand on Noah’s arm, stopping him. “Sofia, are you sure you don’t need any medical attention?”
Lifting her head from Noah’s chest Sofia reassured them, “Only my wrists and head hurt from where he slammed me against the door. I promise that’s all, and Noah can clean those up.”
“Take her to the living room and let me take pictures of that eye and her wrists,” the deputy told Noah. “Then you can get her out of here.”
As Noah reached the door with her in his arms, Slick opened his mouth. “I’m so sorry.” His strangled apology came out as a whisper full of despair.
Noah growled before speaking in a cold, hard voice. “Don’t you fucking talk to her or even look at her.”
Sofia noticed that while Noah had been undoing her bindings, Sheriff Randy had handcuffed Slick and stood over him as he waited for Noah to get her out of the room.
After the deputy made her sit through a few pictures, Noah carried her out of the apartment, down the stairs, and didn’t stop until he sat her in his truck and buckled her in. He hadn’t said a word to her and apparently wasn’t ready to break his silence.
Sofia watched Noah walk around the truck and remove his holster before he sat down and reached across her to put the gun in the glove box. He drove them in silence to his house, where Lexi and Jaxson waited on the porch.
After Noah parked, he came around and picked her up once again. He carried her inside and stood her in front of his shower. He turned the water to warm, still not speaking a word. He unwrapped her and carefully removed her bra and panties before gently guiding her into the shower, then he turned and walked out of the room.
Sofia stepped under the warm spray and let it ease her tight muscles. She knew she should process everything that had happened with Slick, but all she could think of was Noah. How had he found her? Hell, how did he even know to look for her? She had said she was coming over for lunch but hadn’t set a time. He hadn’t said two words to her, and that was what worried her the most.
Sofia lathered her hair with the two-in-one shampoo and conditioner that only men dared using. She remembered Suzanne mentioning a friend looking for her. Now she knew it had been Slick. The edge of the aura she had seen earlier on her walk to Belles must have been Slick watching her.
She grabbed Noah’s body wash and loofah and scrubbed her body raw. Slick may not have “touched” her, but he’d violated her nonetheless. Slick had begun to unravel as she spoke with him, but he could have flipped at any moment. She refused to allow her mind to consider what could have, and most likely would have, happened if Noah hadn’t burst in when he did.
The water began to cool as she rinsed off. When she finished, she turned the knob and reached for a towel. As she dried, the door opened. Noah walked in and closed it behind him. He grabbed a second towel and wrapped it around her body after she pulled her hair up with the first.
Sofia watched his face. “I’m okay, baby.”
His eyes darkened with emotion. Again he said nothing but picked her up and walked her to his bed. Noah pushed back the covers, laid her in the middle, and joined her. He pulled her to his side and hauled the blanket up to their waists. She draped her leg over his and placed her hand on his stomach.
Neither spoke as the minutes ticked by. After some time had passed, Noah pulled her fully on top of him and held her tightly. Sofia knew he needed it, and if she was honest with herself, she needed it just as badly. She had been terrified before she had spoken with Slick. When she had witnessed his aura, his immaturity had given way to her anger.
Sofia pulled her legs up and straddled him, not an easy feat with his strong arms holding her down. She kissed his chest and felt his arms loosen enough. Bringing her forearms onto his chest, she looked down to his beautiful green eyes.
“I’m okay.” She bent down and rubbed her lips against his. “I’m going to be fine, honey.” She felt him release his breath and wondered how long he had been holding it. “Slick didn’t touch me.”

* * *

Noah’s eyes narrowed at the mention of Slick. “Who is he?”
“I’ll tell you everything, but first, how did you know to find me?” Sofia ran her fingers through his hair. He wondered why she was soothing him when she was the one who had been tied up to a bed against her will.
Noah crushed her to him once again, and again she let him. “I almost lost you—” The image of her tied to the bed came to mind, stealing the breath right out of him.
“You didn’t lose me. I’m okay,” Sofia whispered, and Noah only squeezed her tighter.
That position didn’t last long. Noah flipped her in one smooth move and lay between her legs. He placed his forehead on her chest for a moment before he lifted his head and watched her, hoping what he said next wouldn’t make her hate him.
“Last night, Rocco thought he saw someone trying to enter your apartment.” Noah felt her stiffen under him. “He said the moment he noticed the shadow was when Annabelle smashed the driver side window of your car, and the person ran off. He ran into Whiskey’s to get Sheriff Randy. When I got there with Randy, Rocco was trying to get a hold of Annabelle.”
Sofia didn’t say anything as she processed the fact that Slick had tried to get into her apartment the night before. She closed her eyes and turned away from Noah. “He could have hurt my mom.”
Noah’s heart clenched at her withdrawal. He got up. “I failed you, and I’m sorry. Maybe one day, you’ll forgive me.” By the time he finished talking, he was sitting on the edge of the bed. He couldn’t blame her for being upset with him.
Chapter 18
“Wait, what? How’d you fail me?” Sofia got on her knees and went to him. Noah flinched when she placed her hand on his back. He should be comforting her, not the other way around. “How. Did. You. Fail. Me?” she asked.
“He should have never gotten to you. I should have made you and your mom stay the night here, or stayed the night with you.”
“Seriously? What Slick did was not your fault, Noah. I’m honestly surprised it didn’t happen sooner,” she finished with a deflated tone, and Noah turned to her.
“Look what he did to you!” He softly ran the pad of his thumb across her eye and forehead. “If you had been here, that wouldn’t have happened.”
“Noah, for fuck’s sake, I’m okay!”
He turned into her and laid between her legs. “Did you see your face? You are not okay!” He snapped.
“Baby, I’m okay because you found me. Now, please tell me what else happened.”
“After you and Olivia went into the apartment last night, the three of us checked out the area around your building and around town. None of us found the guy trying to break into your apartment. It didn’t surprise us since he had plenty of time to escape. We didn’t even know if he knew Rocco saw him.” Sofia raised her hand to his cheek. Noah turned his face into her palm before kissing it. “Rocco went home after securing your car as best as possible, and Sheriff Randy said he would do one more round before heading home. I had to get home because of Lexi, but I went out after she went to bed. It didn’t sit well with me. I hoped it was just a kid acting up.”
Sofia raised her eyebrow in disbelief, “A kid?”
“Yeah, you must be rubbing off on me. I fucked up because I didn’t listen to my gut.”
“For the love of all that’s holy, you did nothing wrong. Now how about today? How did you find me?”
“Jaxson.” The little punk had saved his own ass when Noah saw the worry in his face when Sofia hadn’t shown up yet. It only added to the sickening feeling that had been building all day in Noah’s gut.
“Okay. Care to elaborate?”
“You invited him over, remember? He likes my baby girl, you know…” Memories of Lexi in the boy’s arms as they danced filled him with sadness. She really was growing up, but it didn’t mean he had to like it.
Sofia burst into laughter. Noah narrowed his eyes, which only made her laugh harder.
“What’s so damn funny?” he asked.
“You are,” she said between breaths as she calmed down. “You’re funny. Yes, I invited him over, but I still don’t understand how he factors into any of this.”
“You hadn’t come by with lunch like you said, which made me uneasy, but I figured something might have come up. I didn’t want to freak you out and make you think I’m possessive.”
Sofia laughed. “You are possessive, but not in a bad way. Go on.”
Noah glared at her. “You didn’t show up, and then Jaxson arrived after he finished work at Belles.”
“Oh? He came earlier than I told him then.”
Noah gave her a look for interrupting.
“Sorry, go on.”
“Thanks. Jaxson showed up, to our surprise. He asked Lexi where you were, and Lexi told him you must have been at home. Jaxson looked worried, and not just because he knows I want to kill him for coming near my baby girl—which we will discuss later. He told me that he overheard Suzanne mention to you that you had a friend in town looking for you. He knew you were coming here, and the fact that you weren’t here didn’t seem like a good thing for any of us. Since I knew someone had been lurking around your place, I called Sheriff Randy on the way there. You know the rest.”
“Wow. I knew I loved that kid,” Sofia said, and Noah growled. “Oh, stop it.”
“Now it’s your turn. Who was that bastard?”
“As you know, I was a juvenile probation officer. It’s not the easiest job, and sometimes not the safest.” Noah nodded before she continued. “I grew up in the ghetto and I made it out on the other side, so I wanted to help those kids straighten out their lives. Robert “Slick” Johnson was put on my ever-full caseload six months before I finally quit and took a chance on St. Fleur.” Sofia told Noah about Slick’s ever-growing rap sheet.
“As you can imagine, no one wanted him in the foster care community or within my department. For the first three months, he said no more than ten words to me. We progressed to a few more words in the last three months, but not by much. Then he was brought in for questioning, and I was in the room talking to him.” Sofia stopped and drew in a gulp of air. “I was pretty damn sure his foster father raped him, but until today, I didn’t know I was right. I tried confronting him…”
Noah kissed her softly. He wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tightly. When he released her, he kissed her again. “What about today?”
“Well, as you know, I went to Belles. I walked back home to drop off my stuff so I could come over, but he was already inside. He bashed my head into the door and lights out for me. I woke up tied to my bed in my underwear. He never touched me past that. He stayed against my dresser. He blames me for being sent to jail.”
“Fuck no! He did that to himself!”
“That’s what I told him. Not much later, you came in on your white horse and saved me.” Sofia smiled.
“White horse, eh?” Noah’s eyes sparkled with mischief. “Baby, I’m so glad you’re safe. If I hadn’t gotten there in time—” The alternative shot a deep pang of pain into his chest. His life without Sofia—it wasn’t something he wanted to consider.
“Stop. You did, and that’s all that matters.” Sofia looked into his eyes, and he saw his own emotions reflect back.
Noah lowered his face and kissed her. This kiss, not like the last few, was filled with promises and desire. His hands held her face then let go and moved down her body. Sofia’s hands slid under his shirt and roved the expanse of his back. She traced the muscles of his back and shoulders, and her leg wrapped around his thigh. Noah pulled his lips from hers and kissed along her jaw and neck.
“I need you,” Sofia whispered.
Her words snapped something inside of him. Noah needed her under him. He needed to feel her life, to know that she really was okay. When his fingers tugged on the towel still wrapped around her, a knock on the door startled them. It was as effective as a bucket of ice cold water.
“Dad! Lindsey brought some clothes over for Sofia,” Lexi’s voice called.
Noah placed his forehead against Sofia’s as he tried to calm his ragged breathing. As laughter escaped her lips and her body trembled under his, his eyes popped open.
“Coming, Lex,” he called. He lifted himself to go to the door but not before Sofia turned into the pillow and lost herself in the laughter. He realized then what he’d said. Noah rearranged his erection and pulled his shirt down to cover it before he partially opened the door. “Thanks, baby girl. Is Lindsey still here?”
“Yeah. She’s worried about Sofia. So am I. Jaxson too,” she whispered. Tears shimmered in her eyes.
“He’s still here?” he growled.
“Stop it! He’s staying for dinner.” Sofia called from the bed.
Noah closed his eyes and leaned his forehead on the frame to the door. Lexi gave him a sweet look.
“We’ll be down in a few so you guys can see she’s okay.”
“Okay, Daddy.” Lexi stood on her tip-toes and kissed his cheek.
Noah closed the door as Sofia sat up in bed with a huge smile. Her hair hung loosely around her face in a damp, tangled mess. She held the covers up to her chest. He was sure that he hadn’t seen her look more beautiful than she did at that moment.

* * *

Sofia watched Noah’s face and the emotions that crossed it. The old woman from Jackson Square was right—being able to read his aura wouldn’t have been a good thing. But she didn’t really need to. Everything was right there in his eyes, plain as day.
She had seen the anguish and anger in his eyes when he found her earlier. He really looked like he felt as though he’d failed her. He didn’t see how he had saved her over a month ago, the moment he walked into the pub to pick up dinner one night. She loved him, and if she had to put money down, she’d bet that Noah loved her right back. The truth made her heart feel light.
“You better get dressed so they can see you’re okay with their own eyes.”
“Okay.” She grabbed the bag he handed her and rummaged through it for her underwear. Lindsey must have gone by her apartment since Sofia had never replaced the set of spare clothes she left at Lindsey’s house.
Noah sat on the bed and placed his hands behind his head as he watched her dress. “So when are you going to explain why I have a lustful teen boy downstairs with my baby girl?”
Clasping her bra, Sofia laughed at him. “He’s a good kid. Lexi’s a good kid. I don’t see the problem.”
“That’s my little girl,” he grumbled.
“She may be your baby girl, honey, but she’s not a baby anymore.”
He grunted as he crossed his arms.
“Look, Jaxson is a sweet, respectful kid. He’s only two years older, and he’s terrified of you. The fact that he showed up early and risked being around you longer than I suggested says a lot. We also owe him a lot of gratitude for helping you piece together me not being here. He’s a good kid, honey. Give him a chance. Lexi likes him, and you don’t want to push her away from him and toward an idiot. She will date eventually, and with Jaxson, you can keep an eye on it all.” Sofia slid into a pair of khaki shorts.
Before Sofia could slip into the red tank top Lindsey sent over, Noah pulled her into his lap. “We.”
“We what?” she asked.
“We will keep an eye on it all. I see the way you are with her. You love her and are good for her—for us. Lexi respects you and loves you. She doesn’t hate me for being with you after Vanessa’s death,” Noah finished in a whisper.
“Honey, you will always love Vanessa. She knows that, and I know that. No one will ever take Vanessa’s place. You are the one beating yourself up over that.” Sofia kissed him.
Noah kissed her back with all he had. Sofia felt him shift, so she straddled him. They devoured each other, and in no time, she could feel his hard ridge press against her sex. His hands gripped her hips and pulled her down so she could feel every bit of his length. He trailed kisses down the column of her neck, and a moan escaped her lips.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
“Those teens have more self-control than you two. Get your asses downstairs!” Lindsey called from the other side of the door.
Sofia shoved her face in Noah’s neck. “Coming!” Sofia called before she realized her error.
Noah’s body trembled with laughter.
“That’s great, maybe now you can get dressed!” she said before the sound of her feet walking away quieted.
“Well, baby, if you’re dressed, then we better get down there, or I will make you come, and I won’t give a damn who hears.” Noah gave her a quick kiss and placed her on the edge of the bed.
“Yeah, we better get down there before we give Lindsey any more ammo to tease me with.”
As they reached the bedroom door, Noah pulled her back into his arms and kissed her forehead. “I’m really glad you’re okay.”
“Me too, honey.”

* * *

Sofia stepped off the stairs and was tackled in a hug. If not for Noah’s steady hand at her back, she would have fallen over.
“Oh my God! I’m so glad you’re okay!” Lindsey told her as she fiercely hugged her.
Noah watched Lexi rush over, wrapping her arms around Sofia. “Sof, are you really okay?”
Sofia’s eyes squeezed shut at Lexi’s softly spoken words. Lindsey stepped away from her, and Sofia pulled his baby girl into her arms. “Yes, sweetie, I’m okay.”
Noah’s hand rubbed Lexi’s head before he spoke, his voice hoarse with emotion. “She’s okay, baby girl.”
Noah watched Sofia kiss his daughter’s head and slide her to her side, refusing to let go. There was no doubt in his mind that Vanessa would have handpicked this woman for Lexi and him.
“I’m glad you’re okay, Ms. Brazier,” Jaxson told her from the entrance to the living room.
Sofia gave Lexi a quick squeeze then walked to him. She kissed his cheek and hugged him tightly. “Thank you, Jaxson, for coming over early and telling Noah. I don’t know if I would be okay had you not.”
Noah watched the teen hug her back. He couldn’t deny that he owed Jaxson. Like Sofia had told him, if Jaxson hadn’t come over early, no one knew what would have happened. When she hadn’t shown up, Noah had pushed his unease aside, hoping she was just running late. But the moment the boy asked where Sofia was and told him someone had been looking for her, Noah was out the door. He hadn’t even considered the fact that he was leaving Jaxson with Lexi. If anything, he watched Jaxson comfort his scared daughter.
“It was nothing, ma’am. I had heard Miss Suzanne talking to you, and something didn’t feel right after you left.”
“I’m glad you listened to your gut,” Sofia told him.
Noah stepped behind Sofia, and Sofia stepped out of Jaxson’s arms. Noah put his hand out to shake Jaxson’s as he said, “Thank you, Jaxson. I—”
“It’s really nothing, sir. Ms. Brazier has always been kind to me, and I’m glad I could help,” he said at the hitch in Noah’s voice.
Noah nodded and pushed the emotion aside. “So what’s this about you liking my daughter?”
“Daddy!” Lexi cried from behind him.
“Sofia, you going to tell us what happened?” Lindsey jumped in to save the teens from embarrassment and a possible lecture.

* * *

On the recliner, Sofia sat on Noah’s lap. She had just finished recounting the events of that morning. Lexi sat next to Jaxson on the couch, and about halfway through the story, she had grabbed his hand. Sofia felt Noah stiffen under her, but she continued with her story and ignored his papa bear mentality.
“Sof, you said you saw someone on your way to Belles. How did you not recognize him?” Lexi asked.
Sofia stiffened and looked around the room. “I didn't see the person, that's why.” She looked at Lindsey, who gave her a nod of encouragement. “This doesn't leave the room, please.”
Sofia explained the aura she saw and answered a few questions about her ability. She looked back at Noah to gauge how he was taking it and found him looking at her with curiosity rather than disgust. He smiled and pulled her back against him.
“What I don’t get is, why now? What made him come after you now after these few years?” Lindsey leaned her elbows on the back of the couch. She had sat next to Lexi for the first half of the story but couldn’t sit still, so she’d been pacing behind the couch.
“Well—”
The front door opened, and Marc stepped inside. Sofia watched as Marc looked around with concern in his eyes. His eyes focused on Lindsey’s ass, which happened to be pointed in his direction, then he zeroed in on Sofia. He stalked across the living room, pulled Sofia out of her comfortable spot on Noah’s lap, and wrapped her in a bear hug.
“Gracias, Dios mio!” Marc spoke into her hair before pulling her away. “You okay, mamita?” He smashed her into his chest again.
“Mmhmm…” she mumbled under the sweet assault.
After another moment, Noah stood to rescue her. “All right, Marc, she’s mine! Get your own,” he said with laughter in his voice.
“Oh, all right. You get all the good ones. First Vanessa and now Sofia,” he told them as he released Sofia into Noah’s arms.
“Oh, I’m sure there’s another good one around here somewhere.” Noah winked in Lindsey’s direction, who rewarded him with a glare.
“Anyways! You were telling us why now before we were so rudely interrupted,” Lindsey spoke from her spot behind the couch with her arms crossed under her breasts.
“Oh, yeah,” Sofia said as Noah sat and pulled her back into his lap. “He’s been in prison. So the day he was brought in for questioning, I figured Slick’s foster dad had done something. Well, Slick didn’t appreciate my stroke of wisdom.” Sofia shared with them about her first assault and how she had quit after that day.
No one spoke for a few moments. Sofia had felt Noah tense under her as she spoke and realized that she hadn’t told him that part upstairs.
“Well, damn. I thought you left because of the drama between your mom and grandmother,” Lindsey said breaking the silence.
“That was part of it, but it wasn’t just them. Honestly, I wanted to forget it even happened.” Sofia laid her head on Noah’s shoulder. Recounting the day’s events had stolen the last bit of energy she had.
Sofia melted into Noah’s body, and he kissed the top of her head before looking at Marc. “Did you fix the door?”
“I put in a new one, and I’ve got the keys to both bolts right here,” Marc said and pulled keys out of his pocket.
“What happened to the door?” Lexi asked.
“Your dad went ‘hulk smash’ through it,” Marc replied before he noticed Jaxson for the first time. His eyes darted from Noah’s to the young couple next to him. “Princess, you want to tell me who this punk is that you’re holding hands with?”
Lindsey coughed to cover her laughter, and Sofia sat straight up. “Marc, you leave that boy alone. He’s a good kid, and if not for him, God only knows how long it would have been before anyone came looking for me. So shut it!”
Marc looked between the young couple and Sofia and Noah before he saw Noah’s shoulder shrug slightly as he pulled Sofia back down.
“Uncle Marc, this is Jaxson,” Lexi said as Jaxson leaned forward to shake his hand. She leaned forward and looked at Lindsey. “Oh, Lindsey, I still can’t believe we missed it last night! Annabelle hit on Jaxson again, and she got fired! Sofia’s grandmother even slapped her.”
“I can’t believe I missed that either! I wish I could have seen your grandmother slap Annabelle. I rushed over as soon as I got Jaime Lynn’s text.”
“Where were you?” Marc asked her in a patronizing voice.
Lindsey’s back snapped impossibly straight. Noah hid his face in Sofia’s back, and his body trembled as he held back his laughter.
“It’s none of your damn business where I was!” Lindsey snapped.
“Maybe you should ask who she was with—” Sofia muttered.
“Sof…” Noah hissed in warning as they watched their two best friends face off.
“Who were you with?” Marc asked.
Lindsey tilted her head back to look at him and placed her hands on her hips. “It’s none of your business what I do or who I do it with!”
“Me cago en tu—we’ll see about that,” Marc ground out as he shoved his hands through his hair. “Noah, call me if you need anything.” Marc turned to Sofia and pulled her off Noah’s lap again, crushing her in a tight hug. “Mamita, I’m glad you’re okay.”
She felt him kiss the top of her head before he let go.
“And you—you hurt my princess, so help me…” Marc threatened Jaxson and pulled Lexi off the couch for a hug. “Be good.”
He gave Lindsey one last glare and left the house.
“Ooh, you’re in trouble, Lindsey. Why is Uncle Marc like that with you? I’ve never seen him be anything but sweet with women.”
Sofia watched Lindsey’s body relax before it collapsed onto the couch. Her accusing eyes darted toward Noah. “Why the hell is he such an ass?”
Noah’s body shook, and a moment later, Sofia heard a deep rumble of laughter.
“What?” Lindsey yelled in frustration.
Noah smiled. “Oh no, I’m staying out of it.”
“Daddy, you know something?” Lexi half accused and half asked.
Sofia didn’t like where this was going, especially since she knew Noah wouldn’t give up the fact that Lindsey and Marc had a history that neither realized. “Lexi, how about you order the pizza? I’m starving.”
Lexi narrowed her eyes when she realized she wouldn’t get any more information on the topic. “Okay.”
Lexi walked out of the room to order the pizzas. Lindsey gave Sofia another hug and Sofia returned it with a warm squeeze. She wanted to be sure Lindsey understood she was indeed okay. Then Sofia walked Lindsey to the door to give her time to prepare for her date. Sofia hoped the history teacher appreciated the opportunity to have another evening with her best friend.
When Sofia walked back into the living room, she found Noah leaning forward, elbows on his knees and his hands clasped, as he gave Jaxson the stink eye. The teen, while obviously scared of the father, didn’t back down. Sofia walked into their line of sight and shoved Noah’s shoulders backward.
“Baby, quit it!” She climbed back onto his lap. “Jax, go help Lexi order the pizza. Sounds like she’s in the kitchen.” Sofia pointed in the direction he should go.
When Jaxson was out of the room, she turned in Noah’s arms. “Really? You’re going to try to fight him for being interested in her?”
“No, but—”
She used the serious tone she used to use on her delinquents. “But nothing, Noah. She may not be my daughter and I might be overstepping my boundaries, but if you push too hard, she will rebel against you. I told you he’s a good kid, and so is she. Just lay down the rules and give them a shot.”
Noah grunted, neither agreeing nor disagreeing.
Sofia sat up in his lap, ready to change the subject. “Noah, what's that package against the wall?”
“Something I got for you but haven't found a good time to give it to you.”
“Oh, um, can I have it now?” Sofia turned to Noah and found a smile brightening his face.
“Go for it.”
Sofia walked to the package and looked over at Noah, who placed his elbows on his knees. She recognized the wrapping and carefully pulled it back. She gasped when she revealed the painting she had admired in Jackson Square with Noah and Lexi.
“Do you like it?” Noah asked shyly.
“It's beautiful! When did you—”
“When you walked away, I bought it. I knew it would go with the others you have.”
Sofia leaned the painting back against the wall and returned to Noah. She crawled back onto his lap and kissed him. Sofia laid her head on his shoulder. “Thank you, honey.”
Noah slumped back in the recliner and pulled her with him. “You're welcome, baby.” After a few minutes, he turned her toward him, his face filled with concern. “Do you want some aspirin?”
“In a little bit. For now, I don’t feel like moving.” Sofia burrowed further into his lap.

* * *

Noah turned the TV to a random channel, and the tension in Sofia’s body released. In no time, he felt her breathing evenly. His mind drifted to the memory of finding her tied to her bed in her underwear. She’d looked so small and vulnerable, but with a hint of steel in her eyes. Noah didn’t know what he would have done to that kid if he had touched a hair on her body past what he had already done. Noah’s blood boiled at the thought of Sofia being hurt.
He hadn’t been there for Vanessa. While he knew that even if he hadn’t been deployed at the time and it would have happened just the same, that didn’t stop the ache in his chest. To think of the fear she must’ve felt in those last moments… No one should have to experience that, especially not his sweet, soft-spoken Vanessa.
He’d never thought he’d find another woman to love. Vanessa had been everything until she gave him Lexi. Then, by losing her, he lost himself until he walked into Whiskey’s and came alive at the first sight of Sofia. He wasn’t an idiot. He knew he had just been going through the motions since Vanessa’s death. He had seen the hurt in Lexi’s eyes. The day Vanessa died, Lexi lost both parents.
Noah looked into Sofia’s slumbering face and didn’t know what he’d done to deserve a second chance. Sofia was strong, kind, and incredibly loving. Loving. Somehow he had not only failed at keeping a woman out of his life, but he’d also managed to fall in love.
Vanessa. How would she feel? Noah looked up and saw Lexi standing in the doorway with Jaxson at her side. Did Lexi see how he felt? Would she be okay with it? He knew she cared about Sofia, but was it enough?
“She’s asleep,” Lexi whispered. Her eyes softened and filled with tears. “We almost lost her, didn’t we?”
Noah’s chest tightened and his jaw clenched, a flood of emotion hit him hard. Unable to speak, he nodded and watched Jaxson put his arm around Lexi to comfort her. The teen guided her to the couch with a tenderness that didn’t exhibit the hormonal motivation of most boys his age.
“We can’t lose her,” Lexi whispered from the couch.
Noah said nothing. Maybe Lexi wouldn’t be so opposed to keeping Sofia after all. Now, if only he could persuade Sofia to stay around.
Chapter 19
After sitting in front of the laptop for so long, Sofia stood and stretched her tense muscles. It was Friday, and a quick look at the clock told her it was time to close down. Lindsey and Jaime Lynn were waiting for her at Lindsey’s for their monthly movie night. It was Jaime Lynn’s turn to host last month, but after everything with Slick, the girls had wanted to keep Sofia close to Noah’s.
Hell, Sofia hadn’t even gone up to her apartment to do more than pack her clothes. The morning after everything happened, she had woken up in Noah’s bed and didn’t complain. But the following day, after fighting Noah on it, she insisted on sleeping in her own bed.
Noah had brought her home and gone to grab a drink from the fridge. Carrying the bag of clothes Lindsey had dropped off at Noah’s, Sofia headed to her room. Only she didn’t make it past the entrance. She stood in a trance, staring at what had once been her private room, a safe place, and memories of the terror Slick had put her through froze her in place.
That was where Noah found her moments later, bent over at the waist, one hand clutching her throat and the other on her chest. Her lungs burned as she tried drawing air into them, tears staining her cheeks. Noah scooped her in his arms and carried her down the hall to the couch.
“Baby, you’re safe. Breathe,” he chanted over and over as he rubbed warmth back into her arms.
When she finally came back from the dark recess of the memories, she noticed her cheeks were warm and sticky from tears that wouldn’t dry. Noah’s eyes were worried and filled with pain. She lifted her hand to his face, and he kissed her palm before resting his head in it.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
“You have nothing to be sorry for.” He rubbed his thumb under her eyes to clear the remaining tears. “Are you okay now?”
“Yeah…” Her heart hadn’t quite calmed, but with Noah at her side, she would recover. She’d done it once before; she would do it now.
“You’re coming home with me.” His eyes were hard, daring her to object. “Tell me what you need, and I’ll pack a bag for you.”
“Okay.” Sofia listed the items she needed, and he gathered her things.
Two weeks had passed at Noah’s, and they’d found a swing to things. They each went to work in the morning and met at his place afterward. Noah, Lexi, or Sofia would cook dinner. They would watch TV together then go to bed, and Noah held her until they fell asleep.
They hadn’t made love since before the incident, as she had come to think of Slick’s attack. Made love. Another new thing to her. She had feelings for Noah, strong feelings, but love? Sofia thought about Noah, and not just in the physical sense that made her sex tingle with need. She thought of his sweetness. He was a wonderful father and an amazing man.
Love.
Sofia pushed the possibility aside. She shut the lights off and locked the doors. Reaching the back of the building, she got into her car with its new windshield and window. Rocco had put a rush on the glass and set it up faster than she could have hoped for. Cranking up the music, she drove to Noah’s.
Sofia pulled onto the street and spotted Jaime Lynn’s truck next to Lindsey’s. Next door, she spotted Noah’s truck, Marc’s truck, and an old, beat-up Honda Acura that belonged to Jaxson. With her help, Noah had warmed to the frequency it was parked at his house.

* * *

Sofia parked beside Noah’s truck and shut the engine off. Noah leaned on the porch with a beer in his hand. Marc stood next to him in nearly the same position. His lips tipped up as she got out. She pushed the seat forward and revealed a full bag. Noah’s body tensed at the sight of the bag, and his face tightened as he looked her over.
He met her at the top of the stairs. “You okay? You know I would have gone and picked up anything you wanted, baby.”
Noah observed her for any signs of distress. He couldn’t shake the image of Sofia tied to her bed, nor could he shake the image of her bent over in a full-blown panic attack. He’d had to temper his rage toward that animal who had hurt her. He should have paid more attention to her bag as it emptied of the things she needed so that she wouldn’t have to go back in there. One day she would, but wasn’t it too early? He had spent the week making things as comfortable as he could for her. His body ached to be with her, but he refused to add to her hurt. He couldn’t stand the idea of bringing back the memories of what could have happened.
“I know, honey. I’m okay.” She placed the bag at their feet and stepped into his arms.
He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her head before stepping back.
Marc stepped forward, pulled her into his arms, and placed a kiss on her head too. “How are you doing, mamita?”
“I’m good,” she said as she stepped back from Marc.
The door opened, and Lexi and Jaxson came out. Noah’s heart clenched at the besotted expression on Lexi’s face when she looked at Jaxson.
“Hey, Sof! Jaxson is taking me to the movies!” Lexi beamed with excitement. “We’ll see you guys later. Bye, Daddy, Uncle Marc.” She gave them each a quick kiss on the cheek and hauled Jaxson to his car.
On cue, both Noah and Marc growled as they stared daggers at the teens retreating backs. Sofia giggled. “Stop it, you two.”
Sharing a look, they turned back to her.
She shook her head at them and gave Noah a quick kiss. “I better get going before Lindsey starts hollering.”
“Have fun,” Noah told her, and Marc raised his beer in salute.
“Bye.”
Noah’s chest tightened as his eyes looked from her retreating back to the bag then up at her as she reached the porch next door. She sent him a little wave before letting herself in.
Marc raised the beer to his lips. “You’re a lucky bastard.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I am. To think I could have lost her to that sick fuck.” His body tensed at the memory, the beer suspended halfway to his lips until he pushed the thoughts aside.
“But you didn’t.” Marc slapped him on his back as they went inside with the bag. “So tell me, hermano, what are you going to do about it?”

* * *

Deogee settled by her lap as Sofia lifted the glass of wine to her lips. The movie credits began rolling as the liquid settled in her stomach.
“Sofia?” a voice penetrated the haze in her head.
“Huh? What?”
“You okay?” Lindsey asked.
Jaime Lynn’s eyes reflected the same concern.
“Yeah, I’m good. Good movie.” Not that she remembered how it ended exactly. When the woman realized she’d screwed up and loved him after the mess she’d made of things was about the point Sofia’s mind began to blur.
Lindsey wiped her tear-stained cheeks. “Good movie? You mean great movie! Wasn’t that so sweet how he…?”
Sofia thought about Noah. So much had happened in a short period of time. She never believed in love at first sight. Hell, she always inwardly cringed when she heard of quick romances. Then he came into her life and she found herself flat on her face, unable to make heads from tails.
“I think you lost her again,” Jaime Lynn told Lindsey before turning to Sofia. “Hey, you know you can talk to us about anything, right?”
Her friends were worried. It was sweet, but what they didn’t understand was that she wasn’t even thinking about Slick and the crap he pulled. When she’d grabbed her things today from the bedroom, she focused on what she needed and managed to avoid another panic attack. She knew she wouldn’t be able to sleep in that bed for a long time. Noah seemed to expect her in his, so for now, she would go with that. When he changed his mind, she’d have to look for a place she could rent and find someone to rent her apartment. Her heart would break if she lost Noah, but that was what she would have to do.
“Guys, I’m fine. Annabelle’s left for the city and Slick’s behind bars. He’s not getting out for a long time.”
“Then what’s the matter?” Lindsey asked.
Sofia picked up her glass and grabbed the half-empty bottle. “It’s a nice night, let’s go to the porch.”
Looking at each other quickly, her friends grabbed their drinks and followed her out. Sofia took a quick glance at the house next door and saw that Marc’s truck was still there. Sofia flipped through the last couple of months since Noah stepped into Whiskey’s. Once he’d gotten past whatever held him back—Vanessa, Lexi, or whatever demons plagued him—and they made love for the first time after the dance, things just “clicked.” She couldn’t imagine not having him in her life. Their relationship was sweet, romantic, intense, and even comfortable. The man was sexy as hell but his heart… his heart was like no other man’s she had been with.
“I think I love him,” she whispered.
Audible gasps echoed around her.
“Think?” they asked in unison.
“Shit, I love him.”
“That’s a good thing, sweetie. Why do you not sound happy about it?” Lindsey asked.
“Are you worried he doesn’t love you back?” Jaime Lynn asked.
Sofia turned and looked at her friends as she shook her head. Their faces blurred with her tears before she blinked them away. “What if what I’m feeling isn’t real? What if it’s from some kind of hero-damsel crap because of what happened with Slick?”
Lindsey wrapped her arm around Sofia’s waist. “No.”
“No?” Sofia asked.
“No. I’ve seen you date before. Not much, albeit, but I have never seen you look at a man like you look at Noah.”
“I wish someone would look at me like Noah looks at you,” Jaime Lynn whispered.
Sofia and Lindsey shared a look but decided to leave it alone for the time being.
“Seriously, Sof, I don’t think what happened with Slick has anything to do with how you feel about Noah. Hell, I wouldn’t even put Noah in the same category as Miguel, and you said you guys were engaged. Can you imagine yourself with anyone but Noah?” Lindsey tipped back her beer.
“No. No one. He’s an amazing father, and I see how much he loved Vanessa. If he could love me even just an ounce like he loved her, I’d be happy,” Sofia confessed as she moved to the steps and sat down.
“Sofia, honey, I’d bet money that he loves you more than an ounce. When he looks at you, he isn’t thinking of anyone but you,” Jaime Lynn told her as she sat on the step below her.
Sofia looked at her two friends. “It’s only been a couple of months since I met him, and less since we got together. Am I crazy? Isn’t this too soon?”
“I don’t think it’s too soon. It’s not like you’re a teenager and haven’t experienced life and don’t know what you really want. But only you know if this is real,” Lindsey assured her.
Sofia nodded and took another drink. The alcohol warmed her insides, and her body relaxed. No one spoke for a few minutes as they each considered their own love lives.
“I think I’m going to sleep with Derek,” Lindsey confessed.
“The hell you are!” Marc roared.
Lindsey jumped up and turned toward Noah’s house. Marc and Noah had managed to make their way to the edge of her house without any of them hearing.
“This doesn’t concern you!” Lindsey yelled back.
“The hell it doesn’t!”
“The hell it does!”
“Children!” Noah scolded in his authoritative voice.
Lindsey glared at Marc, who responded in kind.
“How was the movie?” Noah asked as he reached Sofia and leaned his large frame against the porch.
“Great,” Jaime Lynn answered.
“It had Ryan Reynolds in it. Of course it was great,” Lindsey jumped in after turning her back on Marc and sitting next to Sofia.
“Half-nude at that.” Sofia giggled.
“Half-nude? What was the movie about?” Noah asked before stealing a sip of Sofia’s wine.
“Ryan pretends to be engaged to his boss to help her stay in the US,” Sofia answered.
“Oh, I know that one. It’s where the chick proposes,” Marc answered excitedly, shrugging at Noah’s judging eyes.
“Yup, we didn’t get to finish it last time we got together. Did Lexi make it back from her date?” Sofia asked with a twinkle of mischief in her eyes.
Both men’s eyes narrowed in distaste.
“Yeah,” Noah replied.
Sofia turned to Lindsey and Jaime Lynn, “Lexi and Jaxson had another date tonight. He’s been over almost daily hanging out with her.”
“Oh, that’s great! He’s such a good kid,” Jaime Lynn told them and Lindsey nodded.
Sofia smiled. “He really is.” Noticing Noah’s grumpy face, she rolled her eyes at him.
“We’re going to grill out tomorrow if you guys want to join us.” Noah changed the topic and brushed his lips over Sofia’s. “I’ll see you inside when you’re ready to come home.”
Home. Sofia envisioned what “home” would be like with Noah. Had he slipped up, or was he just being polite about their new roommate situation?
“Okay,” Sofia said.
“Jaime Lynn, do you need a ride home?” Noah asked.
“No. I’ve only had one drink. Thanks.”
“Okay. Good night, ladies. See you inside, baby.” Noah shoved Marc back toward the house.
Once the men went back inside, Jaime Lynn was the first to speak. “Yup, that man is head over heels for you. I’d put money on that, Sof. On that note, it’s time I get home. I gotta open up tomorrow.”

* * *

Sofia made her way into Noah’s room and heard the shower. After Jaime Lynn had left, Sofia chatted with Lindsey for a bit longer as they caught up on the week’s events. She was tired and the wine had made her sleepier, so she left her friend after Deogee went out one last time for the night.
When she entered the house, she’d found Marc passed out on the couch, so she made her way up the stairs with only the moonlight guiding her way. Noah hadn’t touched her for weeks, and she planned on rectifying that tonight.
She slipped off her clothes and stepped into the shower. Noah quickly turned as the door opened and she joined him.
“Oh, I was just finishing up. Here, let me get out of your way,” he told her.
Sofia’s eyes took him in slowly. Had she not seen the beginnings of an erection, she would have felt a blow to her ego. She shook her head at him. Lifting her hands to his chest, she gave him a slight push. “Uh-uh.”
Noah leaned against the tile, his hands in fists at his side. Sofia tilted her head back and water rolled down her hair. Her hands cleared the water from her face. Opening her eyes, she found him mesmerized by the path her hands took down her breasts, stomach, and down to her hips. His erection grew and she heard him suck in air, a storm of emotions reflected in his aroused eyes.
These last two weeks had been pure torture. After that creep had hurt her, Noah had given her space, too much space. She didn’t want this passive version of Noah. It was sweet, but she needed his raw desire. Sofia watched the last shreds of his control slip away, their attraction and desire reaching a boiling point.
Trailing her hands up her body to her breasts, Sofia arched forward. She opened her eyes and turned toward Noah. His jaw clenched as his hands lay by his sides in tight little balls. Noah’s erection stood proudly and twitched with need. His beautiful body glistened as water rolled off of him.
Stepping forward, she ran her hands from his chest to his stomach, and his eyes grew darker with desire. Her eyes dropped to his erection as one finger glided from the tip to the base. A bead of fluid formed at the mushroom top. Bending forward, she flicked out her tongue to lap up the sweet moisture.
Noah’s groan echoed off the tile as Sofia's mouth engulfed his length. She swirled her tongue around the tip before releasing it with a pop. Her lips stretched around him when she pulled him into her mouth once more. One hand pumped him into her mouth, and the other hand cradled his sac. Sofia swallowed, and the pressure around the tip made Noah gasp. One minute she had Noah pressed against the tile, and the next he held her against the tile, her legs wrapped around his waist.
Sofia moved her hips at the feel of her swollen sex against his hard dick. Their harsh breaths filled the air as they explored each other with hands and mouths. She was desperate for his touch, and just when she thought she would have to beg, Noah filled her. Her body, which had been denied for too long, fell apart almost immediately. Noah swallowed her moans as stars burst in her vision. One thrust later, she felt him expand and grunt into her neck as he followed her into bliss.
After weeks of barely any contact, their bodies had refused to be denied. In a matter of moments, they had both found their release. Sofia held him as their breathing calmed. She thought about all the ways he had made her happy since they gave in to their attraction. There was no longer any doubt in her mind that she loved him.
Noah pulled his head back and studied her before his lips came down with a bruising force. She felt his need to possess her, and his body trembled with emotion. Noah brought his face to her neck, and he crushed her in a tight embrace. Knowing he needed this, she held him tightly.
Seconds later, Noah roughly exhaled before he guided her to her feet. Neither said anything as he lathered her body and she washed her hair. After rinsing, he shut off the water and wrapped her in a fluffy towel. He dried her as if she was the most precious thing he owned. Sofia’s chest grew tight with emotion at being treated in such a delicate manner.
When he finished, he picked her up and laid her in the middle of the bed. This time, he made slow, sweet love to her, without the frantic coupling that had happened in the shower.
After their intimacy, Noah opened his eyes and she spoke for the first time since she’d left Lindsey’s. “I love you.” The confession tumbled from her lips without her permission.
Noah’s eyes briefly widened then darkened. She watched as he studied her face. He abruptly stood and walked away from her. In horror, Sofia watched him retreat before she turned on her side as her heart broke in two.
The bed dipped with his weight, and she stilled, hoping she could feign sleep. She would pack her things and go to Lindsey’s. She didn’t want him feeling obligated to provide a place for her. Hell, he hadn’t touched her for a couple of weeks, then she’d thrown herself at him tonight. She swallowed the sob threatening to break free, but she couldn’t stop her body from trembling.
“Hey—” Noah placed a hand on her shoulder. “Baby, what’s the matter?” He turned her to face him.

* * *

When Noah had returned to the bed, he was surprised to hear her whimper and feel the bed shake. He definitely didn’t expect to see her grief-stricken face when he turned her toward him.
“Whoa, what’s the matter?” He lay on her to stop her from turning away from him. He braced his weight on his elbows, and as her first silent tear fell, he realized his mistake. “Baby, please don’t cry…” He muttered a curse. “I guess before I got up, I should have told you I love you too.”
Emotion flicked across her face: hope, confusion, and then anger. Sofia pushed against his chest, her tears falling freely. “Get off me—don’t—don’t you dare lie to me.”
“Sofia, I’m not lying. I love you,” he promised her as he wiped the tears from her face. “Baby, I’m not lying. Please stop fighting me.” He placed his forehead on hers once she stilled under him and drew a breath.
“Then why—”
Noah kissed her, stealing her thoughts with the brush of his lips on her sweet lips.
“I fucked up. I’m fucking this up… can we rewind? Please, I need to hear you say it.”
A few moments passed in silence before she said, “I love you.”
Hearing those words off her lips was a balm to his soul. Smiling, he lowered his face and kissed her tenderly. “I love you too, baby.” Noah extended his body, and his face tightened as he became serious. “I… after Vanessa, I never thought I’d love anyone again. After almost losing you this last week, not only do I know I love you, but I also know I can’t imagine my life without you.” Noah pulled her hand from his face and kissed her knuckles. “Baby, I love you so damn much it scares me, but not as much as the idea of not having you in my life, or Lexi’s, scares me. Would you do me the honor of marrying me?”
Sofia gasped, her eyes darting between Noah’s eyes and his mouth. “What?”
“Will. You. Marry. Me?”
Sofia gaped at him until something caught her eye. She looked down at his hand and found a princess-cut diamond set between smaller diamonds on each side. He had bought it a week ago after his talk with Marc. After nearly losing her, he realized he couldn’t live without her. He knew all too well that life was too short, and he couldn’t wait any longer to make her his.
“Oh. My. God.” She barely breathed as she looked between the ring and Noah.
Noah cleared his throat, “Baby?”
“Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!” Sofia cried.
Exhaling, relief flooded Noah as he looked down at her and smiled. “Yes?”
“Yes! Yes, I will marry you!”
She flipped him onto his back and showed him what yes meant.

* * *

Through her closed eyelids, Sofia could see the light coming in. She thought back to the night before, and her heart skipped a beat as her eyes shot open. Lifting her hand, she gasped at the beautiful engagement ring decorating her ring finger.
“Morning, baby,” Noah’s husky voice called from across the room by the master bath.
Sofia found him standing against the doorjamb naked—every glorious inch exposed for her liking. His arms were across his chest, one ankle crossed over the other. As her eyes came back up his body, she couldn’t help but notice the erection that hadn’t been there a moment before. Her tongue licked her lips unconsciously.
“Hi, honey.” Her voice was thick with desire and emotion. “Not a dream?”
Noah pushed off the doorjamb and stalked toward her as he shook his head. “No.” Pushing the covers off her body, he put one knee on the bed. “Not a dream. Can’t change your mind either.” His lips turned up into a devilish smile as he laid his body on hers.
“Can’t get rid of me now,” she told him and pulled his face down for a kiss.
They explored each other’s mouths slowly until their emotions broke the dam. Hands and mouths tangled in raw need. United by desire and their love, Noah swallowed Sofia’s scream of ecstasy as their bodies came apart into a million pieces.
Flipping onto his back, Noah draped her across his body. She gazed at the ring as he ran his fingers through her hair.
“Happy?” he asked.
Sofia lifted her head with the little strength she had left after their bout of lovemaking. “Incredibly.”

# # #

Thank you for reading Widower’s Aura! I hope you loved Sofia and Noah’s love story as much as I do. You can read Always Mine, book two in the St. Fleur series today!
Join my Facebook group, St. Fleur Belles, for exclusive giveaways and sneak peeks of future books. I really appreciate you reading and telling your friends about Widower’s Aura. Please leave a quick review so other readers can find it too!
Always Mine
A loyal man willing to protect what he can’t have and a tenacious woman forced to choose…

Librarian Lindsey Roman’s life goes from quaint and quiet to dangerously confusing when she finds herself tangled up in a seductive love triangle, caught between her past and the present.

Her love life complicates when a mysterious stranger she couldn’t quite place turns out to be her childhood crush. Then it takes a violent turn when she learns there is a stalker watching her every move in the small town of St. Fleur.

Sexy-as-sin construction worker Marcos Arocho didn’t expect to see Lindsey after all these years. His best friend’s little sister is all grown up and awakening his uncontrollable desire for the first time in nearly a decade.

He knows getting involved with her is not an option, but it doesn’t stop him from being charmed by the woman who secretly stole his heart so long ago.

As her guard lowers, their innocent flirtation leads to something neither saw coming. When passion leads them to the truth, will it be a second chance at first love or the final nail in the coffin of their attraction?
Acknowledgments
There are a lot of people who have supported me on this journey. Since there is no way I can mention every single one of you, I wanted to thank a select few.
Brenda, thank you for helping me work out some of the criminal justice kinks I have lost over the years. I knew you would be my toughest critic, other than myself, and yet you didn’t hate it. You’ll never know the relief I felt. I’ll be sure to keep this out of the girl’s hands, ha.
Julie, you read each mess of a chapter the moment I completed it and still asked for more. You know what Sofia means to me. You encouraged me to continue until the end, giving Sofia the happily ever after she deserved.
Lucy, you read this story and taught me ways to improve my writing. Thank you for helping me up when I fell down in the process.
I’d like to thank Cassie Cox, my editor. You may have made me cry, but your edits were worth every tear in the end. You handled my baby with care and you made her shine.
Carina Adams, thank you for not only suggesting Cassie but also Between the Sheets Promotions. You have been a wonderful mentor and friend in this world of romance.
Between the Sheets Promotions, thank you for being the bridge between this book and my readers. With your help, many have heard about Widower’s Aura.
A.L. Hinds, I’m so glad I met you. With your guidance and knowledge you helped me create a cover I’m not only proud of, but one that fits in with the greats. Thank you!
Angie, there are no words. From the bottom of my heart, thank you for answering my calls and emails. A million and one thank yous for every bit of help you gave me in this process. You and Paul brought me back from the edge more times than I care to admit. Thank you!
Thank you, Paul, for always having my back. A better man I couldn’t call my husband.
Karina, Brooklyn, and Natalie, Mami loves you more than life itself.
Last and certainly not the least, thank you to you, the reader. Thank you for giving me the chance to come into your life and weave this tale for you. I hope you enjoy Sofia and Noah’s story as much as I did writing it. I would love to hear your thoughts so please don’t forget to review it!
About the Author
AJ Renee grew up in a military family and moved around until her family settled in Florida. She graduated from the University of Central Florida with a M.S. in Criminal Justice and a B.S. in Psychology. She currently resides in Virginia and spends her time with her Air Force husband, three daughters, and cat. She loves to travel and see family and friends whenever she gets a chance. She has a love of music, movies, and anything that can make her laugh. AJ believes in reading books with humor and mystery that end in a happily ever after to help ease our minds and hearts of life’s daily struggles.
For news on future releases and to connect with AJ Renee, sign-up for her Newsletter or follow her on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Goodreads, and/or Bookbub. AJ would love to hear from you! You can email her at: ajreneeauthor@gmail.com. Go to www.AJRenee.com for more on her work.
ALSO BY AJ RENEE
ST. FLEUR SERIES:
Widower’s Aura
Always Mine
Duplicity
No Going Back
Taxed by Love
Complications

LOVE IN SCRUBS SERIES:
Joshua
Jason
Wes

BRODERICK COVEN SERIES:
Cursed Love
Cursed Sight
Cursed Whispers
Cursed Touch
Cursed Luck

ALUMBRA PACK SERIES:
Rebel
Bold ~ Coming 2022
Fierce ~ Coming 2022

OTHER TITLES:
Finding Love at the Falls… (Short Story)
Beauty Unmasked
Winter’s Surprise
Unlucky in Love
Not Playing Fair
Seduced by Magic: A Steamy PNR Anthology
A Deadly World: Vampires in Paris
Billionaires Club
Fractured Fairytales Book One
Take Two: A Collection of Second Chance Stories
