









Wildest Dreams
Small Town Love
 
By Mae Nunnally


Copyright 2016 Mae Nunnally




This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.




Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents

#Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Epilogue
About the Author
Author's Note




Chapter 1
Flynn

In the beginning...at the crossroads of section lines five miles south of Wymore is Bethel Cemetery where the Bethel Welsh Church built in 1879 stood until 1960. This church became a hub for Welsh immigrants that made the area their home. It reminded the immigrants of their homeland with the rolling hills and the Blue River. The settlement was located on both sides of Highway 77, joining on the east the Otoe Indian reservation; on the north by Blue Springs and extended three miles both south and west.
Here I sit in Bethel Cemetery at my Grandma Ethel's grave, asking the same questions. Out of all the questions the only one I really wanted answered, was where do I go from here. As far as I am aware I am the last of the MacQuades. As I lean over grandma's headstone and whispered the question again, a strong wind blew from the south, sending a chill up my back. Even with my lined leather jacket that chill went bone deep and then it was gone.
Walking back to my Harley, I stopped and looked up as I heard the unmistakable sound of geese flying overhead. Just another group flying south to escape the cold bitterness of a Nebraska winter, I thought to myself.
As I rode out of the cemetery, the thought once again came to mind; would the MacQuade name die with me? There was no female in my life and there hadn't been for some time now, not since Tina.

Caitlin

Blue Springs had its beginning in the summer of 1857. In 1859, Ruel Noyes and John Chambers, two miners returning from Pike's Peak, came and seeing possibilities to make an attractive frontier town borrowed money to have the area surveyed.  In 1862, Robert Wilson had the town platted and recorded which gave him the opportunity to give clear title to the lots.
Even though I had grown up in Beatrice, Blue Springs had been calling my name since I could remember. Beatrice is a nice enough city, but too crowded for my taste. I love my peace and quiet, which was just one of the reasons I had moved to Blue Springs. Jami was another, we grew up together, went to school together, college and finally moved here together. Jami was following her own dreams; she's finally running her own bakery, something Blue Springs was in need of.  What no one knew however was that I was a silent partner, and with my help she was able to build her little bakery, which doubled as her home.
I tried to convince her that she could continue to live with me, but she argued that I needed my space and quiet. I did need to finish my current novel so my publisher could stop riding my ass.
It’s amazing how some people think that writing a novel is as easy as sitting down and putting words to paper or in my case words to digital paper. I kept thinking, why do I need a publisher, editor, and the rest, but then I'd remember that I really didn't want to deal with all the stuff they did for me. I also knew that this book had to get finished. It’s just that I've had writer's block for weeks now and had to tell Susan I needed more time again. She said it was no problem and ask if I could have it finished by the New Year. That gave me three months; I just hoped it was enough.
Frustrated once again, I shut off my laptop, still unable to add anything to the story. Pushing away from my desk, I stood and decided it was time for some of Jami's home-baked goodness.

Chapter 2
Flynn

Pulling up to F&Z's PC Repair & Service, I noticed Zak was already here. I swear he lives here at times, but then I'm no better. I've spent a night or two here when I hadn't felt like going home, just to be alone.
I stepped in the front door and didn't see anyone, Zak or otherwise, so I called out. "You sleep here again last night?"
Zak popped his head around doorway with his finger to his lips and then pointed to his headset. I nodded and walked on back. Taking a look at his PC screen I could see that he was working with a customer over the phoned, on how to do a system restore. It wasn't something we did a lot of; we preferred to do it ourselves, instead of walking someone thru it.
I was dealing with a customer out front when the phone rang again. A few seconds later Zak came out and said the phone was for me. He took over with the customer I had and I stepped into the back.
After putting the headset on I resumed the call and said, "This is Tech Flynn, what can I help you with today?" I heard a sniffle and a slight clear of the throat.
"Y-yes, my laptop won't turn on and I really need to get to some of the information on my hard drive. Is anyone available to come to my home and look at my laptop and maybe fix it, or maybe just transfer the information to my desktop?" She asked.
I heard another sniffle and knew I'd be making the trip. "I just need your address and phone number and I can leave right away. Assuming that you live in the area, I'll be there in a few minutes."
After writing down the customer's information, I gathered up everything I thought I would need and headed out. Neither Zak or I were really cared for dealing with people, but I tended to do better with the house calls then he, so here I was hopping on my Harley and heading to Blue Springs.
It was a short ride about two miles to Blue Springs and the weather had warmed up a bit so the ride there should be pleasant enough.  Hopefully I'd only be there a few minutes and the ride back would be just a pleasant. I dropped my shades into place as I pulled away and made my way to Ms Katzman's place.

Caitlin

I had no idea what had happen to my laptop from the time I shut it off and went and spent some time with Jami til just ten minutes ago, but I was itching to write and I needed my laptop or at least the information transferred to my desktop. I wasn't completely dumb when it came to a PC, but everything I tried hadn't worked. So, I found myself calling the closest PC repair shop and prayed that they would come to my home and deal with this.
On my second try I got lucky with F&Z's PC Repair & Service. I was surprised someone was available to come out right away. When the second person had come on the line I was momentarily stunned by his rich, deep, Irish accented voice.  And I couldn't help, but put that voice to the face of my current novel's hero, or at least the face and body I had in my head.
I shook my head to clear my thoughts and laughed at myself. Weren’t all computer techs nerds, skinny with pocket protectors and black rimmed glasses? However, I just could not put the voice I heard to that kind of body.
Shaking the thoughts from my head again, I looked around and started to clean up a bit. Now that Jami had moved out I hadn't really cared how my place looked. My work space was the only area that was really clean and organized.
I nearly jumped out of my skin when the knock came at my door. I ran my hand thru my hair as I walked to answer it. Taking a deep breath to steady myself, I opened the door and was glad I was leaning against it. Before I could say anything that deep, sexy voice floated to my ears once again...
"Hello, Ms. Katzman, I'm Flynn from F&Z's PC Repair & Service." He said, with a slight upturned smile.
All I could think was; be still my heart. He had to be six-foot if not taller and long, long dirty blond hair, hair that I was dying to run my hands thru. I glanced past him and saw a Harley sitting out front and thought, no way. This totally blew my image of a computer tech out of the water. I took a step back, opening the door wider and motioned for him to come in. "Yes, please, come in." I took another step back, opening the door even wider. "Thank you for coming at such short notice."
He stepped pass me and to the side and as I closed the door his scent filled my nose and I nearly went weak in the knees. A combination of wood, leather and spice and I knew I would never ever forget it. "This way, everything is in the other room. Can I get you anything to drink?" I said as I led him to my work area.
“No, thank you, Ms. Katzman.” He said. 
I stopped and turned towards him, grateful that he was a few feet away. "Please, it's Caitlin or Cait." He nodded his acknowledgment and I continued to lead him to my office. Once there I stepped aside and said, "Here it is. I really don't care about the laptop working again; I just need what's on the hard drive."
I left Flynn to work and went to the kitchen for a cup of coffee. He had said he didn't want anything, but I decided to bring him a cup anyway, taking a guess I left it black. I set it down away from him so he didn't accidentally knock it over. He briefly looked up and said "thank you" and continued to work. I sat in a chair nearby in case he needed anything from me. I picked up a magazine if for nothing else but to keep my hands and eyes busy.
The breach of silence surprised me a little when he said, "This coffee is awesome, and how’d you know I took it black?"
I looked up from the magazine into a pair for clear blue eyes. Stunned for a few, I finally answered, "Lucky guess, I suppose. Glad it’s to your liking?" He leaned back in the chair for a while, I assumed to stretch his back from being hunched over for so long. "Any luck on my laptop?" I asked lowering my eyes back to the magazine.
"I'm sorry but it's toast, but your hard drive should be fine. I need to go out to my bike and grab a data cable and I'll be able to get you fixed up." He said as he stood up.
He got up and walked away and I couldn't help but watch as he did. Before he reached the door I said, "Just come back in, no need to knock."
He sat his coffee cup down at the door and acknowledged me with a wavy of his hand before stepping outside. He was back a minute later with a cable in his hand.
Thirty minutes later Flynn had things set up and had my laptop's hard drive connected to my desktop. I didn't even know that was possible. He asked if I still wanted everything copied over. Instead of doing so I only had him copy over what I needed. Once everything was done coping over he stood and asked if there was anything else he could do. I asked his advice on what laptop I should be looking at to replace my now dead one. He pulled up a website on my desktop after asking what I would be mainly using it for. He also said that if I wanted to I could get it thru him and only pay what he does. He said he would set it up and make sure everything was running correctly and then deliver it to me. I told him I would have to get back to him on that. He said that was fine and that he'd wait to hear from me.
He stood to leave after gathering his tools. As I stood up to show him to the door he said, "You can keep your laptop hard drive connected that way for as long as you need. Don't worry about the cable; I have a lot of them back at the shop."
"Thank you, Flynn, for everything." We walked to the front door silently. Stopping at the door I said, “I’ll let you know on the laptop. Thank you again for coming right out, you have no idea how much it means to me."
With a no problem madam, he walked out the door and down to his Harley. He looked up once at me and waved before riding away.


Chapter 3
Caitlin

Sitting down at my desktop I left my hands fly, recording down what had swum around in my head since getting back from Jami's. And with seeing Flynn I knew I had to change some things about my novels hero.
It was dark out before I came up for air.  Getting up and stretching, my eyes fell upon the cable connecting my laptop hard drive to my desktop and it dawned on me that Flynn hadn't given me any kind of bill for the work he had done.
I didn't like being in debt to anyone, I preferred to pay my bills right away. I picked up cell to call about the bill, but took notice of the time and figured they would be closed for the day. Putting my cell back down I made my way to the kitchen now realizing I hadn't eaten since the danishes at Jami's. I let the bill issue go for now and I set to work making a late night snack.

Flynn

I hadn't meant to snoop, but it was kind of hard not to when everything Caitlin needed copied over was either .txt or .doc files. I couldn't help but wonder if she was an author. At first I thought maybe a journalist, but she didn't go bat shit crazy about me even seeing the titles of the files. An author made more since especially if she uses a pseudonym to publish under.
Not one to let things bug me for long I sat down at my PC and searched some of the file titles that I could remember. On the second title I got a hit, Silent Woods came up with the name Ida Free. With some more searching I found a free digital copy. Even with reading the brief summary on the novel I knew it was a romance and didn't really care.  
No man who I knew would admit, including myself, that they read romance. In my opinion why not, a story was a story and there was nothing wrong with reading what goes on between a man and a woman. It wouldn't be my first romance that I read and I admit I do enjoy the sex scenes in them, but the entire story is enjoyable too.
I had never read anything by a Ida Free, but from my search I could see that Caitlin wasn't new to being an author for she had a good amount of novels available. She also had a lot of thoughts for future ones, if her laptop hard drive was anything to go by.
Grabbing my kindle I headed to bed to read Silent Woods. I knew I shouldn't being doing this but hopefully reading something by Caitlin would settle these odd feels every time I think about her.  
Caitlin really wasn't my type or at least I didn't think so. All that long, dark, dark, brown hair and chocolate eyes, combined with a body that gave a man plenty to love made my heart race.

Zak had asked for the morning off, so I was running the shop by myself. It was the middle of the morning before I heard someone step into the shop. I shouted, "Be right with you." I saved my place on my kindle and went out front.
When I looked up I stopped dead in my tracks. The woman to the book I had been reading stood right in front of me. First thing that came to mind was that I screwed up at her place yesterday. "Caitlin, did something happen? Did I mess something up with your PCs?" I stepped up to the counter and waited for her reply.
"Oh no, everything is fine for now. It’s just that you left without giving me a bill for your services. I came in to pay you for your time."
I was so relieved when I heard her say everything was fine. I hadn't given her a bill because it was just my time and payment for that was entirely up to me. It was an agreement that Zak and I had since I was the one doing house calls. I left a smile brighten my face and said, "That's because there is none. The only thing I provided was my time and a cable that costs less than a five bucks." I saw her reach for her purse and I assumed it was to pay for said cable. So I said, "Caitlin, seriously you don't owe anything."
She put her purse back on her shoulder, then I saw her square those same shoulders before saying. "Then I'd like for you to go ahead and order that laptop you suggested yesterday. I'm going to need it sooner or later, so I might as well go ahead and get it now. I trust you'll do what you said and set it all up before delivering it to my home?"
Somehow I had upset her, so without argument I said, "Sure, I'll order it right now. I'll call you when it comes in and I should be able to deliver it the following day as long as we don't get too much in to work on."
I watch her nod her acknowledgment and turn and walk out. When she reached the door she turned and said, "Thank you, Flynn. It was nice seeing you again." And then she walked out the door.
I returned to the back room and called myself every name under the sun for pissing the lady off. Then I started thinking about how to make it up to her. My grandpa's words came to me then, there's nothing like a woman scorn.....


Chapter 4
Caitlin

Men! Now I remembered why I made a vowel to stay away from them. I thought they were bad as lovers, they are worse as business owners.
On my way home from an uneventful morning with trying to throw my money at a very stubborn computer tech I had stopped off at Danish Delights and bought Jami out of her cheese danishes and came home to my solitude.  
Now sitting in front of my desktop trying to write the next couple of chapters to my current novel a thought came to mind. If he won't take my money for his services maybe he'd eat my food.
I quickly searched and found the F&Z's webpage to get their email address. I didn't find an email address, but I did find their contact me page. I set about writing up a service request. I figured he would show up for a repair rather than a supper invitation.
After sending in the repair request I got up and retrieved some danishes and a cup of jo. Now I just needed to wait for a reply.
I had just settled down for the night with season 6 of Criminal Minds when my cell starting ringing. Picking up my cell I looked at the caller I.D. and prayed that is wasn't Flynn, that it was his partner. It would make things that much sweeter.
I answered, "Hello." and waited.
"Ms. Katzman, this is Zak from F&Z PC Repair & Service. I see that you've requested a home service call. We won't be able to get to you until tomorrow."
I was almost giddy with relief. My plans would be so much better now. "Thank you for getting back to me so quickly. I realized that it was probably too late for today. Tomorrow will be just fine if I could make one request though."
"You can ask Ms. Katzman, but I can't guarantee anything."
"Would it be possible to get the same young man who came and worked on my laptop the other day? I believe his name is Glenn or something like that" I knew the correct name but figured it would be better to play this up.
"I believe you mean Flynn, madam, and yes he would be the one making the call to your home.  Let me check our scheduling to see what time we have free that would match up with yours."
The line went silent for a moment I hoped he wasn't calling Flynn to set it up. He came back on the line and said. "Flynn is free anytime between 5 and 9 PM, what time would you like for me to schedule him in for?"
I was almost jumping for joy. "I'm going to be busy until at least six so could we set it up for seven?"
"That would be fine, Ms. Katzman, I'll schedule him in for seven then. Also I see here that your laptop should arrive here at the shop by Wednesday of next week. Is there anything else I can help you with?"
"Not at this time, Zak, thank you for everything, I guess all I can do is wait now.  I do so hope you have a wonderful night."
"You are most welcome, madam. G'day!"
"Good bye." I said and hung up the phone. Now all I had to do was figured out what to make for a complete stranger.


Flynn

It had been a long time that I'd awoken with my pole at full mast. I looked down past my six-pack and made the little guy wiggle. I couldn't help the shit eating grin that spread across my face.  Not because the little guy was saluting but because he had a reason to be again.
I didn't think I would ever see him again, he hadn't made an appearance since I lost Tina. Maybe now I could move on. I knew I would never ever forget her, but you couldn't mourn forever.
Looking over at the clock I saw that it was still early, so I grabbed my kindle and decided to read a little before heading into work.
Thirty minutes later I was heading into the bathroom, for a cold shower. Damn, Caitlin could write, made me wonder what her female readers did after a scene like the one I just read. As soon as I stepped under the cold water, I knew I'd be taking matters into my own hands. The cold water was doing nothing to easy the massive hard on I was sporting.
Riding into work I decided to check out the famous Danish Delights that everyone has been raving over. Even Zak said that they had some damn good danishes. Sweets were my weakness, but not many people knew this. It was a little out of my way but if it meant for a to die for danish I was all in.
Luckily when I got there, there was plenty of parking right in front. As I opened the door I was just about flatten with all the delicious aromas. There were desserts of many kinds that filled the cases. As I walked along the counter I knew if I could I would buy everything there. It all looked so damn good. Then I saw a milk chocolate queen walk from the back.  
I was just finishing up looking at all there was, when the chocolate queen said, "Can I get you something, sir." I turned towards her and strolled back to where she stood behind the cash register. "Sure that would be sweet." I smiled. "What would you suggest? I've heard nothing but good things about this place. Better yet give me two of each of your top three sellers."
She turned to grab a box saying, okay. I watched as she wrapped each pastry and placed it in the box. When she was finished she even taped the box shut. It was a nice touch compared to a lot of the other places I've been in.
She rung up the delights and I paid her placing a business card on top. I said, "Keep the change, darling, I'm sure I'll be back if these are as good as everyone says they are, and judging by the aroma in here I'm guess they are if not better." I didn't look back as I walked out and headed to work.


Caitlin

The phone ringing woke me up. Rolling over I grabbed the phone from the night stand. “Hello, whoever you are better have a very good reason for waking me up.” I was most definitely not a morning person, not in the least.
“Kat my dear, dear friend, I think your hunk of burning love just left here.”
“What?” I sat up in bed trying to make sense of what my best friend just said to me. Even if I didn't recognized Jami's voice I would have known it was her, she's the only one that calls me Kat. “Repeat that please.” I said.
“Your big, handsome, tattooed biker hunk just left from here, and I don’t think I have to tell you that he has an awesome backside.”
“Really, please tell me he didn’t hit on you?”  Silently I said a prayer that he wasn’t like so many other guys.
“No worries there Kat, but I do think he has a sweet tooth that may work to your advantage if you are as serious as I think you are about this guy. Might want to pick up or make something special for tonight. And if I had to guess he’s got a thing for dark chocolate.”
Hmm, I thought to myself, so he likes dark chocolate. “Thanks Jami, I’ll keep that in mind.  So how’s things been going?”
We talked until Jami got a customer. Hanging up I promised to call her and let her know how tonight went with Flynn.


Flynn

Grabbing the box of pastries I headed into the shop, hoping that it wouldn’t be a boring day.  Walking in the back door I placed the box on the small table in the break room. Then I continued my way to the front.
Stopping in the repair room I saw Zak asleep on the cot we had set up for whatever reason either of us ended up spending the night at the shop. We never question one another, just left the other alone until we woke up. For some reason the shop was like a sanctuary for us, more so Zak then myself. Zak had a lot of baggage from being a Navy Seal. He would rarely talk about it, but when he did I sat and listened. I quietly stepped over to Zak and pulled the cover up over him that had slid to the floor.
I walked to the front turning on the lights and unlocking the door, opening up for business. I made my way back to the area where we took care of phone calls and sat down at the PC we shared.  Opening up the schedule calendar my eyes went to today, and what I saw made my heart skip a beat.  There in the box for today was a repair request for a Ms. Katzman. It read, desktop PC having trouble, requests home service 7 PM. I tried to remember what Cait had for a desktop. Thinking back to a few nights ago and trying to picture her desktop. If I wasn’t mistaken her desktop was a bit newer than her laptop but not by much.  
I would head out now, but I looked back at the note on today’s calendar and saw that it said, Will be busy until six, so I sat back in the chair and scanned the calendar for the rest of the week.
I was dealing with a customer on the phone when I heard someone come in the front. After telling the phone customer I needed a minute to look something up I put them on hold and leaned back in the chair to see out front and before I could say anything Zak walked by saying “I’ve got it.”  So, I turned my attention back to the person on the phone.
We were closed for our lunch hour when Zak finally mentioned the service call for tonight.
“I’m guessing you took a look at the calendar and saw you have a service call to make tonight?  I’m sorry I haven’t mentioned before now.”
“Not a problem, I just hope it’s nothing serious, Ms. Katzman’s Laptop is fried and her new one won’t be in until next week.” I look up at Zak from doing the crossword puzzle I’d been working on all morning, between customers.
Zak looked back at me and said to my surprise, “Take that Ace Laptop with you tonight. If her desktop is unable to be fixed she can barrow it until we can either fix her desktop or her laptop comes in.”
“Okay, if you are sure.”
“Yea, I talked to her last night and you’ve met her, sounds like she’s just having a shit load of bad luck. We both know what that’s like, why not help her out.”
“Alright, I’ll grab the Ace on my way out.”
We finished up break with the pastries from Danish Delights and headed back to work. Zak took the phone calls and I took care of whoever walked in. We closed up at six and took care of repairing systems that had come in during the day. We turned the phone to the answering system as well. At six thirty I grabbed the Ace laptop and head out to Caitlin’s. I hadn’t had much time to wonder what could have went wrong with her desktop, but I hoped I could get it back up and running.
By quarter to seven I was sitting outside Caitlin’s house. I grabbed my leather jacket from the saddle bags, and slipped it on as I walked to Cait’s front door. I stood at her door and for some reason a round of nerves struck me. I ran my hand thru my hair, and then pulled it out from under my jacket before knocking on her door.  
I stood with one hand in my pocket and the other holding the laptop. I stood slightly turned away from the door son I could study the neighborhood. I had knocked a second time before I heard the lock turn on the door and it open up to a very stunning Caitlin.
She stepped back opening the door wider for me to enter. I stepped in and to the side and waited for her to shut the door. She turned and starting walking and said, “Please, follow me.” She didn’t lead me in the same direction as the last time but into her living room. She stopped just inside, turned and said, “Please have a seat.” Being raised a gentleman I said, “After you, Madam.”
She sat down in one of the chairs, so I took the couch.  Once I was seated she moved to the coffee table in front of me. I gave a little smile even though I wasn’t so sure of this and leaned back into the couch.  
Caitlin was looking down at her hands when she finally spoke again. “I’m not very good at this sort of thing, and I detest liars, which makes this all the harder because I am what I hate, sort of that is. First let me apologize for getting you here under false pretenses. There is nothing wrong with my desktop, and I’m sorry for telling Zak that there was.”
She was looking back down at her hands again, and now I noticed the slight blush that has tinted her cheeks. I wondered if she was nervous because she thought I’d be mad at her for lying.  I watched her for a little while longer before saying. “No harm, no foal. But if there is nothing wrong with your PC what can I help you with?” With just that question I saw her cheeks redden farther. Then it hit me, she was either embarrassed or she was thinking dirty, dirty thoughts. If I had to put money on it I’d say a little bit of both.
I leaned forward and put my hand on top of both of hers to stop her fidgeting, and with my other hand I raised her head by tilting it up by her chin so I could look into her eyes. “What’s wrong, Caitlin?” I asked, searching her face and eyes for an answer.
She brought her eyes up to meet mine and said, “You wouldn’t let me pay you for what you did the other day, so I figured I’d pay you by feeding you. That is if you would like to stay, you don’t hav…”
I stopped her with a finger to her lips. “I would love to stay.” I said. I watched as a sparkle appeared in her eyes. A sparkle that I knew I’d never forget.

It was a wonderful meal, there aren’t a lot of women out there that would home cook a meal now-a-days. The roast was beautifully done with potatoes and carrots and I had never tasted rice so good. She had told me to leave room for dessert; however, I didn’t expect the tiramisu she brought to the table.  
The evening ended with us back in her living room with polite conversation. We kept it casual mostly. I did learn that she was indeed an author, of course I already knew this but I acted surprised. She promised me a signed copy of her current novel as soon as she got copies. For some reason I was actually looking forward to getting the one. She did tell me the title was Whispering Pines, but said it probably won’t be out until next year. She was hoping to have copies by Christmas though. She warned me that is was in the romance genre. I told her that it was fine, that I enjoyed all types of literature.
It was going on eleven before I said that I needed to be going. She walked me to the door and before I walked out I pulled her close and whispered. “You’re so beautiful,” as I looked deep into her dark chocolate eyes. Letting her go and opening the door I said, “Thanks for supper, Caitlin.” If I didn’t walk away at that moment I didn’t know what would have happen, because the moment I felt her luscious breasts press up against me, I wanted to carry her back to the couch and do so much more. I could also feel myself starting to grow hard and having a hard on in jeans wasn’t very comfortable. I didn’t wear tight jeans, but straddling my Harley made for even less room in that particular area. I climbed on my bike and gave a little wave to Caitlin before heading home.


Chapter 5
Caitlin

What have I started? God, he is so sexy, so strong, so muscular, I didn’t expect him to gather me closer, and I definitely didn’t expect the warming sensation that had spread throughout my body. And when was the last time someone told me I was beautiful?  It’s been a really long fucking time, but that’s really my own fault. If I didn’t stay cooped up in this house ninety five percent of the time I might have more interaction with the male side of the species.
Flynn had insisted that he help clean up, which was so refreshing. With nothing to do I locked up and headed to bed. I had promised to let Jami know how things went but being so late I decided to let it go until the morning. I might even get out and drive over to Danish Delights and tell her in person, things were usually slow between ten and noon so it would be the perfect time to tell her everything and I could share the rest of the tiramisu with her.
I was almost asleep when I heard my cell phone chirp, retrieving it from the night stand it read: THANKS FOR SUPPER. IT WAS VERY SWEET OF YOU. SWEET DREAMS.
My heart did a little flip in my chest. I quickly texted back: YOU ARE VERY WELCOME. MAY THE ROAD RISE TO MEET YOU. MAY THE WIND BE ALWAYS AT YOUR BACK. MAY THE SUN SHINE UPON YOUR FACE. AND RAINS FALL SOFT UPON YOUR FIELDS. AND UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN. MAY GOD HOLD YOU IN THE HOLLOW OF HIS HAND.
Thinking of him on his bike made me add the second part. Seconds later his reply said: MAY GOD GRANT YOU MANY YEARS TO LIVE, FOR SURE HE MUST BE KNOWING THE EARTH HAS ANGELS ALL TOO FEW AND HEAVEN IS OVERFLOWING. GOOD NIGHT, BEAUTIFUL.
I put the phone back on my night stand and fell asleep thinking of Flynn.
  
The next morning I grabbed the Tiramisu from the frig and made my way to Danish Delights. I parked around back next to Jami’s Jeep and went inside.
“Honey, I’m home.” I Said as I walked in. Jami turned from the counter and smiled.  
“Good to see you smiling, Kat. How long has it been that a smile was on that beautiful face of yours?” She came back to the table I sat down at and joined me. “What do you got there?” She pointed at the covered plate I had set on the table.
I smiled again and said, “Homemade Tiramisu, from last night’s date with Flynn.”
I was surprised at the laugh that escaped my best friend mouth and couldn’t help but giggle.  After calming herself Jami looked at me with happy tears in her eyes and said, “Lover boy was just in here about ten minutes ago. He bought a dozen of sorted danishes. And before he walked out the door he asked if I’d consider making and sell tiramisu. I told him that wasn’t my thing.”
“Guess I awaken a beast.” I giggled again.
Jami looked at me and said, “Ya know you could make one now and then and I could sell it here for you. Give you a break from all that writing you do and get you in the kitchen with your second love.”
“I’ll think about it. Maybe you could do a questionnaire to see what people would like for you to sell. Come up with five new items and just leave it by the cash register with a pen that way all the customer has to do is mark the ones they would like to see.” I watched the sparkle come into my best friend’s eyes and knew that she would be doing what I just suggested. I also had a feeling my tiramisu was going to be on that list.
“That’s an awesome idea, now I just need to come up with five new items.” Jami got up and grabbed two forks so we could dig into the tiramisu I had brought with me.
 

Flynn

Long dark brown hair framing a beautiful face sitting on top of a blossoming body, with large lovely breasts and a jiggly ass filled my dreams. I was startled awake as the beautiful woman was leaning down to kiss me by my phone ringing off the hook. Shaking my head to clear it I reach over to the night stand and grab the phone more to silence it than to speak to the person on the other end.
Putting the phone to my ear I barked into it, “Hello, you better have a damn good reason to be waking me.”
I instantly felt bad when I heard the soft spoken voice apologizing. Then I recognize the voice and felt even worst.“Marge, I’m sorry.”  Marge is the only other woman in my life beside Caitlin; she took me in under her wing after Grandma died last year. It had been awhile since I’ve heard from her, but then I realized I hadn’t been into the diner in a few days. I usually ended up there every other night if not every night.
Marge’s sweet voice broke thru the fog that seemed to have taken up residence in my head this morning. “No worries, dear, just thought I’d call and check up on you. You going to be coming into the diner tonight?”
“Yea, I’ll be there, might drag Zak along, could you hold the booth in the corner for us? Zak doesn’t like people staring at him all that much.” Maybe someday soon I’ll be talking Caitlin there, now where had that thought come from, heck I wasn’t even sure if we were friends and here I was thinking of taking her to Karl’s.
“Sure, it will be waiting for you, even if you don’t bring Zak.”
“Thanks, Margie.”
“Anything for you, Flynn. I’ll see you tonight; stay safe on that hog of yours.”
And with that she hung up and for some reason I pictured her smiling with a happy little hop in her step. She reminded me so much of Grandma, but then when Grandma was alive you couldn’t separate them. Attached at the hip most people would say.  In everything but blood, Marge and Karl were like grandparents to me now that I have no one. And with that thought it reminded me that I needed to find a wife and make sure the MacQuades didn’t die out. Caitlin came back to mind and the dream that Marge calling had woke me up from.  
I had not seen Caitlin with her hair down yet, she always seemed to have it up in some ungodly fashion. Why can’t woman be natural for a change? I would give my last quarter to see Caitlin with her hair down around her face. I wondered if it was long enough to be a veil covering her breasts when it hung down.  
Before my thoughts continued down the path it had already started I got up and headed into the bathroom for a shower. I needed to be in the shop in a hour. I also wanted to stop by and get some delicious danishes.
When I reached the shop I was surprised that Zak wasn’t in yet. I checked the schedule to make sure he hadn’t scheduled himself off today. Quickly bring up the calendar I saw that he indeed should have been in today. I checked the phone to make sure he didn’t leave a message, there was nothing from Zak. I decided to give him to noon before I gave him a call.
Zak came strolling in, in a hoodie with sunglasses and I knew his reason for being late.  I said nothing and continued on with the customer at the counter. I heard Zak lay down on the cot in the back and wondered why he just didn’t call in. Finishing up with the customer I walked into the back and sat down at the computer, it wouldn’t be the first time that either of us ran the shop by our self.
However, no sooner did my ass hit the chair that I heard Zak say, “Sorry I’m late, bro.” 
Ignoring his apology because it wasn’t needed, not between us, I reached into the side cabinet and pulled out Zak’s migraine medicine. Reading the bottle real quick I poured out the right dose. I walked over to the cot and bumped Zak’s hand. “Here,” I said and place the pills in his hand and wait for him to sit up before handing him a bottle of water. I waited for him to take the medicine before saying, “Ya know you could have stayed home.”
Zak laid back down before replying with, “Too quiet there.” And that was all I was going to get out of him. He had already drifted off to la la land.

It didn’t take much convincing to get Zak to go to Karl’s. Sleeping and not eating all day would make anyone hungry. Adding that the back booth was already being held for us was all I needed to say to get Zak to join me. Marge and Karl worried about Zak as much if not more than me. There are very few people Zak left get close, as far as I knew I was the closest and even I didn’t know everything about him, especially about his time spent in the Seals.
Ever since Zak returned to civilian life five years ago, he tended to be a loner, not that he wasn’t one before going in, but he was even more so now. I try to get him out at least once a week, even if it’s just getting him on his bike and taking a ride with me. Otherwise he didn’t leave his house besides coming in to work that is.
We were sitting just talking waiting for our meals when Zak’s attention was drawn away from our conversation. When I turned to look, I was surprised at just who had caught Zak’s attention.  It was the chocolate queen from Danish Delights standing at the counter talking with Marge. Before I could say anything Zak was on his feet heading towards them.  
Zak had always been someone to go after what he wanted and I couldn’t help to shake my head as he stopped alongside Marge and the chocolate queen.  I thought to myself I should stop calling her that especially if Zak had an interest in the woman. I turned to watch my buddy in action and before I knew it they were both heading my way and thought, nothing like feeling like a third wheel.
Zak slid back into the booth and the chocolate queen slid in beside him. I just stared at Zak waiting for an introduction. Zak looked over at me and I just gave him a blank look, like WTF man. He finally got the hint.
He cleared his throat before saying, “Flynn this here is Jami Kaeser, Jami this is my bro, Flynn MacQuade.”  
I took her out stretched hand in mine and said, “It’s a pleasure.”
Zak continued with, “Jami’s friend will be joining us shortly.”
“Sounds wonderful,” I said.
About five minutes later I saw Jami wave someone over. For some reason I had a feeling who it was.  Jami introduced Zak and then said, “And I believe you already know Flynn.” I looked over and I wasn’t disappointed.
The woman that filled my dreams lately stood right there in front of me. I slid closer to the wall, giving Caitlin room to slide in next to me.  She took the silent invitation, but kept a good distance between us and in that space he placed her purse. 
It finally dawned on Zak, just who Caitlin was. “Caitlin, as in Caitlin Katzman?”
I heard Cait giggle before she said, “One in the same. It’s nice to meet the other half of F&Z's.”
“I guess it’s a small world after all.” Zak said with a smile and a silent look my way returning the WTF man look I gave him before. I also notice some silent conversations going on between the ladies as well.
Just sitting here beside Cait, the little man was stirring. Just what was this woman doing to me, if all I had to do was sit next to her and my cock was begging for attention.
The ladies left us about an hour later. Jami kissed Zak cheek and thanked us. Caitlin did the same and whisper, sorry, for only me to hear.  She dropped a fifty on the table before getting up and thanking us as well. Zak and I watched them walk away arm in arm. 
Before I could say anything Zak shrugged his shoulders and said, “Now that’s a beautiful sight.”
I couldn’t agree more. “Sure is,” I said.
 

Caitlin

I had no idea that Jami was seeing Zak. Zak was handsome in his own way, but kind of dark too.  However, he wasn’t the one that got my engine revving. Seeing Flynn and Zak together is a breath taking scene, one that was really easy on the eyes. Somehow I knew Flynn was in the diner even before I saw him at Jami’s table. A warm tingle had run thru my body as soon as I stepped in the diner.
The hour passed quickly, I really didn’t want to leave but I had to be home soon to get Susan’s call. She would want an update on my novel and I was thrilled that I could tell her that I felt I’d be able to finish it in a week or two. She was surprised and I was glad to finally have this book off my desk. I already knew what my next book was going to be about and I was itching to get started on it. I had jotted down a lot of ideas and had even thought about starting a series of books for my next novels. I did however want some feedback from my fans. I myself didn’t care for cliff hangers; I preferred a complete story for the hero and heroine. I was hoping my fans felt the same way.
After ending the call with Susan I hit my fan page and asked the all-important question. I made it a voting pole and would let it run until I was ready to start my next novel. I still wanted to add at least five chapters to my current book.
I switch to my current novel and set to writing at least half of the chapters I was wanting. I was surprised how quickly the words were flying from my fingers. It seemed like just minutes, when in all actuality it had been a few hours since I had sat down.
I leaned back and stretched out the cramped muscles, leaning back a bit further I heard and felt my back crack I rotated my shoulders, wiggled my fingers and toes before getting up and walking to the kitchen to work out the stiffness in my legs. I poured myself a sparkling water and stared out the window into my back yard.  
Deciding that I wanted to get my current novel to Susan, I sat back down and finished it. It was well into the morning before I typed the finally word. I saved and sent a copy to Jami; she always got to read my stories first. I could always count on her to be completely honest and tell it to me straight about my novels. By next week Susan would have it in her hands and hopefully be published and printed by early December. I should have the first fifty copies off the press by the middle of December. That would give me a week or so to figure out what to write in Flynn’s personal copy. I wanted it to be special, for I felt he was a special person.
Instead of heading off to bed I wrote down some more notes and details and notes for my next story.
I was awaken by knocking on my door. By the time I got there the person was gone, but I looked down before shutting the door and found a white box with a bow wrapped around it leaning again the house. I picked it up and walked to the dining room table before opening it.
What was inside took my breath away; it was a beautiful bouquet of wild flowers. I found a vase and put the flowers in it with the packet of powder that was supposed to keep them fresh longer. I returned to the table to see who had sent them. Opening the card that came with the flowers, I pulled out the little card and there wrote on it was: WHAT FILLS THE EYES FILLS THE HEART. AND MY HEART GETS FULLER EACH TIME I SEE YOU. FLYNN. 
Not wanting to throw the pretty bow away I fasten it to the vase. I took the flowers to my desk since that’s where I spend most of my time, that way I’d be able to smell and see them the biggest part of the day.

It was a few days later when once again there came a knock at my door. I thought about ignoring it for I hadn’t been feeling well. It was a day of lying around in my PJ's and watching whatever I could find on the television. When the knock came again it was with a familiar rat a ta ta.  Most people didn’t knock like that unless they knew the person. Even with this I was debating on whether I wanted any company.  Before I could get up my phone beeped with a new message. Picking it up I read: WHAT FILLS THE EYES FILLS THE HEART. OPEN THE DOOR BABYGIRL! I didn’t bother to reply but drug myself up from the couch and to the door. I opened it, made sure it was Flynn and shuffled back to the couch. I plopped myself back down and turned it to a music channel and turned the volume down, so I could hear Flynn.
He leaned over the back of the couch and kissed my cheek and whispered, “What’s wrong, leanbh cailini?” 
I looked at him with a half ass smile on my lips and said, “Just a little under the weather, mo graii.” I had brushed up on my Irish, just for him.
He smiled back at me and said, “Is there anything I can do? Your laptop is ready to go, just turn it on, password is leanbh cailin.”
“Thank you, let me get you a check for it.  You’re welcome to sit and stay awhile if you can.” I leaned forward and reached down to the floor for my purse, but couldn’t quite reach it. Flynn was around the couch and handing it to me before I could move. It was nice having a gentleman around. They were so far and few between. “Thank you. How much do I owe you?”
I wrote the check and he placed it in his wallet before taking a seat beside me. He turned slightly towards me and pulled me into his arms.  I felt his warmth spread over me and I swear I started to feel better.
I must have dozed off, because when I awoke I was using Flynn’s thigh for a pillow and was covered with the afghan that I kept on the back of the couch. I wasn’t sure if Flynn was a wake or not, I looked up at him and as I did his eyes opened and a smile spread across his face and he said, “I think you needed the nap, there’s more color in your cheeks now. How are you feeling?”
It felt so right lying there in his lap. I was warm, comfortable and most importantly I felt safe. “I think your right and I do feel better.  Sorry to use you as a pillow,” I said.
“No reason to be sorry. I’m glad to be here. If you need I’ll be more than happy to spend the night.” He said as he stroked a finger down my cheek.
I would love nothing more than to spend the night in his big strong arms. To feel his warmth wrapped around me. Yes, I would really like that, but I don’t think we’re ready for that just yet.  We haven’t really been out on a date yet. “That’s kind of you to offered, but maybe another time, maybe if what we have moves past friendship then maybe I’ll consider it.” I smiled up at him and watched for his reaction. What I got was a smile and a nod in acknowledgment.  
Flynn stayed for a little while longer before leaving. He didn’t say anything about seeing me again and neither did I. I did thank him for the lovely flowers. As he walked down my front steps I prayed it wasn’t the last time I saw him. I really wanted things to work out between us, but there was so much we didn't even know about one another. I shut the door locked it and returned to the couch. About twenty minutes later I got a text, it read: I'LL SEE YOU LATER. GOOD NIGHT, LEANBH CAILIN.
I smiled and texted back: GOOD NIGHT, MO GRA, STAY SAFE.


Chapter 6
Flynn

That woman is going to be the death of me, is all I could think as I rode home from her house last night. At least now I knew she wanted the relationship to move forward. I just needed to decide if I was ready to take that next step. At the moment I could honestly say I didn’t think so, there was still a lot that I needed to deal with and to tell her. I wanted to get to know her better and I was sure there were things she needed to tell me as well.
I hadn’t dated seriously at all since Tina. One nighters were fine and the girls always knew that that was all it was going to be. But even that was few and far between, just because I didn’t feel like riding to Beatrice or some other town. There was no way I was going to day anyone from the area, at least not until I met Caitlin.
I was really looking forward to this weekend, Zak and I had planned to just go cruising on our Harleys and more than likely crash at Zak’s cabin.  Basically have a guy’s weekend out, I just needed to make it thru today and tomorrow and then we would be heading out.

I was just walking out my front door when Zak pulled up on his Harley roadster. I hopped on my hog and we were off. We were headed for Zak’s cabin about thirty miles away. The ride was in silence except for when we needed to stop. We had stopped at Karl’s diner and picked up a couple meals a piece and then the local grocery store for some other stuff. We had pretty much filled our saddle bags, with food and a few beers. The cabin had running spring water, so the beer was for the relaxing side of things, and we were within walking distance of a river.
The cabin and land had been in Zak’s family for years. We didn’t need to worry about visitors for the most part. The land that the cabin sat on was about fifty acres; we could even hunt on it if we wanted too. I was pretty sure Zak needed this weekend as much as I did.
Once reaching the cabin and unloading the saddle bags, we settled in on the porch talking about old times. The sounds of nature soon had us both lulled into slumber.
I was awoken by Zak shaking me and whispering, “Get inside, get inside now!” It had got dark out with only the moon for light. I went to get up and again Zak whispered, “Shh, just get inside.”  I didn’t say anything, just did what he said, slowly and quietly I made my way inside.
Zak shut me inside, telling me to keep the lights off and to be as quiet as possible. Before he shut the door he told me where a gun was. He said to get it and not to let anyone in and that he’d be back.
There’s not many people I’d trust my life with, but Zak was one of the few. I just hoped he wasn’t having an episode. All I could do was hope and pray that he was alright and that when he got back ask him, if he had remembered to take and bring him medications.
It seemed like hours before I heard the door open and Zak say, “Sorry man.” He walked over to where I was and sat down in one of the chairs.
“Everything okay,” I asked. I hated guns, but had made myself learn to use one, if for nothing else but protection.
“Yea, I heard something, but didn’t find anything. Hope I didn’t freak you out too bad.”  Zak got up and picked up the gun he told me to go get. I assumed he was going to put it back. A few minutes later he returned and sat back down.
“You alright,” I asked.
“Yea, I will be.” And before I could ask he continued with, “Don’t worry I’m not flipping out, I took my meds, and I brought them along they are in my jacket if I need them.”
He looked at me and I knew he needed reassurance from me. “It’s cool, you know I worry about you. I keep hoping you’ll let me in someday.”
“Someday man, but I really don't think you want to know what I've seen. No one should have to do the things I've done and been apart of. I thought I was tough enough to handle it and look at me. You've yet to see me at my worse.” He said, with his head resting on the back of the chair just staring up at the ceiling. 
Our second day at the cabin was spent hiking, and fishing. I did learn that Zak was a pro at cooking fish. The afternoon was once again spent on the porch well into the night. Zak just started talking and I listened. At first it was about his date with Jami and how she made one of his favorite desserts. I couldn’t be happier for him, he deserved a good woman and from what I knew about Jami she was a nice enough girl. I planned on finding out more from Caitlin. I just wanted to make sure of some things. Zak needed someone that wasn’t going to freak out when he got weird and would be there for him when he got his migraines. 
Zak turned in early. He said that he wanted to be well rested for the ride home in the morning.  I left him have the bed tonight since he refused to take it last night. I spent my night on the couch.
Before leaving the next morning we made sure that we packed up all the perishables as well as the trash. Hopping on our bikes we headed home.
Everything was going well until my bike started to fish tail and that wouldn’t have been so bad but we were headed down hill, I had little choice but to lay my beloved Harley down and kick away from it. If there was ever a time to wish that I had worn my leathers if would have been today. I relaxed my body as I went down and left my bike go and watched it slide down the road as I felt my jeans shredding and the road start to bite into my skin.
I was lying on the side of the road trying not to move as I willed the pain away. The next thing I knew Zak was kneeling along side of me running his hands over me. I tried to move and he ordered me not too and that the ambulance was already on the way. I tried to ask about my bike and Zak said, “Dammit, fuck the bike Flynn, it can be replaced you can’t be! I’ll take care of everything once you are in the ambulance and on the way to the hospital.” I didn’t say anything else nor did I try to get up. I knew it would be worthless with Zak here. A thought came to mind, was Zak a medic? I knew he was in the SEALS and surely they had a medic on their team.
Before the ambulance had arrived Zak had shredded his t-shirt and had wrapped my injuries the best he could. He had also grabbed another one and had held it against my side. Once the ambulance and police arrived he ignored the police until he relayed information to the paramedics and then insisted on helping get me into the ambulance. He argued that they wouldn’t be able to do it themselves, because I was such a big guy. I thought to myself Zak could pick me up himself if he had too. Once I was in the ambulance, he said he’d see me at the hospital as soon as he could and then stepped out to finally speak to the police. As the ambulance pulled away I thought, I sure as hell did trust my life to Zak and I didn’t care what secrets he had. Hell, he probably saved my life just now.
By the time I saw Zak again I was already settled into a room and feeling as if I had been hit by a mac truck. The doctors had offered morphine, but I wasn’t having any of it, not until Zak was there to make sure they didn’t fuck up. There was no way I was going to become addicted to the stuff. If my guess was correct Zak would know if they were fucking up.
When Zak walked in my room he was carrying a bag that I assumed had a set of clothes. He stopped to read my chart before saying, “No morphine? You got to be feeling like death right about now.”
Without batting an eye I said, “Didn’t want anything until you were here to make sure they don’t fuck up. I don’t like drugs of any kind. I don’t think I need it anyway. I would like to get the hell out of here. Think that’s possible?”
Zak looked at my chart again then stepped out of the room. When he came back he had a doctor and a nurse with him. The doctor looked over me before telling the nurse to go ahead and unhook everything. He then proceeded to give the normal you should stay overnight speech, but I can’t stop you if you sign yourself out and all the paperwork. Before walking out of the room he stopped in front of Zak and said, “He’s in your hands now Lieutenant.” I saw Zak nod and I was like, Lieutenant, holy shit!
Once the nurse and doctor left Zak stepped out of the room but stayed at the door while I got myself dressed which was harder than I thought it would be. My body hurt like a SOB and here I was trying to get dressed. I looked in the bag and was so surprised to see that it looked like Zak had picked up the easiest types of clothing for me. I picked them up and also noticed they were a bit bigger than I normally wore. I slid on the boxers and had to stop to let the pain subside before I continued to get dressed.
Zak stepped back in and said, “I bet you wish you would have taken a hit of morphine now.”
I just shook my head in the negative and reached into the bag for the shorts. Before I could even try to put them on Zak grabbed them and said, “Don’t fight me on this and don’t mention any of this in front of the women. And yes I know you’re a grow ass man, but you’re a grown ass man in a world of pain right now. So take the help.” Zak looked at me once before holding the shorts open so I could step into them. After pulling them up far enough so I could grab them he stepped back and left me to finish on my own.
Stopping at the nurse’s station I filled out the required paperwork and thanked them all for their care. Zak and I walked to the elevator and road it to the bottom floor. I looked over at Zak and he just shook his head saying, “You sure you were in the military? I know I’d be out of here too, but you should have stayed overnight.”
I couldn’t help but think that Zak probably would have refused to even come to the hospital.  Then I said as much. “Who you trying to bullshit, you wouldn’t have even came to the hospital. You would have had me tend to what you couldn’t reach and then dealt with everything else.”
Once outside Zak told me to wait while he went and grabbed his truck. While I waited I managed to slide my jacket on. Searching for my phone I came up empty-handed. “Shit!” I said out loud.  Zak pulled up at that moment and opened the door from the inside.
“What’s wrong now?” He asked while looking out at me.
I climbed in, shut the door and asked, “Do you have my phone?”
Zak grabbed a bag from the floor and searched inside before answering me. “Sorry, the only thing in here is your wallet.” He handed over the bag to me.
“Fuck me!” I said. Guess I’ll just have to replace it once I get home. Right now I just wanted to get home and climb into my bed for the next couple of days. “Let’s go home, I'll deal with things later.”


Caitlin

I had just finished putting coffee on when my phone started to ring. Deciding to let it go to voice mail, I turned back to finishing up my breakfast. Sitting down at the bar in the kitchen I remember that I hadn’t heard back from Flynn. Wondering if it was him that had just called I got up and went and got my cell. I dialed into my voice mail and waited to hear the message. To my surprise it was Zak asking me to stop into the shop today ASAP. Without a second thought I placed my breakfast in the frig and headed out. For some reason I got this uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach and I couldn't stop thinking that something had happen to Flynn.
I was walking thru the front door of F&Z’s five minutes later. Not caring if anyone else was in there I shouted, “Zak! Zak what’s wrong?”  
I heard a squeak of a chair then saw him walk towards me from the back. He didn’t say anything until he was in front of me. “I need you to go check on Flynn. Here are his keys and this is directions to his place from here.”
I went to say something, but Zak cut me off with, “Go Caitlin, please, no questions just go check on him. He’ll explain if he chooses too.  Tell him not to worry that I can hand the shop until he’s ready to come back.” I turned to leave and Zak said one more thing to me. “Take care of him, Caitlin; don’t let him push you around. Be firm!”
I got back in my car and read the directions.  Zak had written the directions in steps so I decided to take them one at a time. Ten minutes later I was pulling into the driveway of Flynn’s place. He lived in a beautiful log cabin just outside Wymore. Getting out I grabbed the box of sweets I had picked up from Jami and head into Flynn.
I had no sooner shut the door and Flynn’s voice rang out. “I’m in the living room. Things slow at the shop?” I followed his voice in and to the right and saw him in a chair next to a brightly burning fireplace.
He looked over at me and I saw the shock on his face. “Zak sent me he said……” My words failed when I saw the pain replace the shock as Flynn tried to get up. I rushed over to him, stopping him from getting up. “Oh no, what happen Flynn?  Please don’t get up. Now I understand why Zak sent me, but if you prefer I leave I’ll do that too.”
Flynn settled back into the chair and closed his eyes. The silence stretched on for what seemed like forever. Finally he said, “No. Stay. It’s okay.” He still hadn’t opened his eyes but I did see him relax.
Deciding not to ask what happen I said, “I brought some sweets from Jami’s would you like coffee or milk with them.” I placed the box on the coffee table and waited for his answer.
“You are too kind Cait, way too kind. Milk will do if you don’t feel like making coffee, besides I’ve already had a full pot today. The kitchen is across the house in the back.” He had opened his eyes, I could see the love there, but it was mix with something else... Pain.
Turning, I went in search of the kitchen for glasses and milk. As I walked I couldn’t help but notice the house was very comfy almost as if it had a woman’s touch. Made me wonder about Flynn’s family. Family had been one subject that we both had avoided.  
Finding the kitchen I went in search for glasses. Before I could open a cabinet door I felt a hand on my shoulder and then I was wrapped in his embrace. Being taller than me Flynn rested his chin on my shoulder where his hand had just left and whispered. “Glasses are to the right of the sink.” He held me for a few moments longer before letting me go.
After getting down two glasses I walked over to the table where Flynn had sat down. I sat them down and then got the milk. Flynn had brought the sweets with him from the living room. Pouring the milk I took the seat across from him.
“So, Zak contacted you?”
“Yea, I missed his called but he left a message for me to come into the shop as soon as I could. I left as soon as I listened to the message.” I looked down at my watch and then back up to Flynn. “And that was about thirty minutes ago.”
“It was nice of you to come. I know you’re probably wondering what happen, so I make it short and sweet. I kissed pavement.” He left out a short chuckle then a groan when his side protested.
“Is there anything I can do?”
“Later, I could use some help with redoing my bandages. I have some ointment for the injuries, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“No not at all, whatever you need. Would you like to shower beforehand?” What was I thinking? What would he think with that question?
“A shower would be lovely, I would rather a soak in the tub, but I don’t think that would be a good idea today.” His look was far away for a few minutes then he said, “But if you aren’t comfortable helping that’s fine. It can wait another day until the pain isn't so bad.”
He was giving me a way out, which I appreciated, but no I could do this. Besides he would probably feel so much better after a nice warm shower.  “No, its fine we’ll do that once we are done here if you are feeling up to it. Then I’ll help with your wounds.”
 In the bedroom I helped Flynn strip down to his boxers and left him go from there. I wanted to follow him into the shower and bathe every inch of him, but somehow I knew he didn’t want that.  I knew he wouldn’t stop me or at least I didn’t think he would, but I didn’t want to push things. 
A few minutes later I heard the shower shut off and then I heard Flynn holler for me. I opened the door about an inch and spoke thru it. “What do you need, Flynn?”
“Come on in. Would you please grab me a towel off the shelf to the left there? Just hand it in here so I can cover myself, don’t want to be shocking you with anything you might not want to see just yet.”
I grabbed a towel and did as he asked, however I didn’t leave the bathroom. It was a large bathroom, besides the shower there was a claw foot tub as well as a Jacuzzi tucked back in the corner and of course a duel sink and a toilet. I would die for a bathroom this nice.
I watched as Flynn stepped out of the shower still dripping wet. I couldn’t stop myself from staring at the gorgeous body that stood in front of me. I wanted to lick every drop of water from his body. I felt my nipples harden as a shiver ran up my back. 
Walking over to him I couldn’t help but smile.  I went to his good side and left him lean on me for support as we walked back into the bedroom.  He sat on the bed and told me where the ointment and everything was and asked me to go get it.
By the time I return Flynn had laid back and drifted off to sleep. Slowly I started to tend to the torn and cut skin of his side. I would have been scared when his hand grabbed my wrist if I hadn’t been expecting it. I looked up at him and said, “it’s okay I’m not going to hurt you if I can help it. I just thought I could spare you some of the pain while you slept.”
“Even without the pain you would have woke me.  I’m a light sleeper. I do appreciate the effort though Caitlin. Let’s get this over with.”  
I stayed as long as I could before I left promising to return the next day. Flynn had stayed wrapped in the towel after making sure I was alright with doing so. Truthfully he could have been butt ass naked and I wouldn’t have mind a bit.
Before pulling out of the driveway I gave Zak a call to let him know that I was leaving for the day. That Flynn was resting and that his wounds had been taken care of and that I’d be returning tomorrow to check in on him. He thanked me and said that he would be spending the night at Flynn’s whether he wanted him too or not. I wished him luck and he just laughed. I had a feeling that no one told Zak what to do. I’d have to ask Jami about that.


Flynn

It’s been three weeks since the accident and I haven’t seen Caitlin in two. Zak had taken care of my bike, but I hadn’t ridden it since the accident. I had just pushed it into the garage and left it there. With winter coming I told myself that my truck was the safer bet because of the weather.
Zak only mentioned once about not riding my hog and then dropped it when I told him I just needed a break from it. He just nodded and left it go at that. He knew as well as I did that it was fear more than anything stopping me from getting back on my bike.
I had kept my distance from Caitlin as well I didn’t want my back luck rubbing off on her. Today I decided I needed to go talk to the one person I knew would understand even though she could no longer give me answers. I went and visited my Grandma Ethel. By the end of my visit I was hugging her headstone crying. At one point while crying I could have sworn I felt her arms around me, I felt comforted and smoothed. As I started back to my truck from out of the blue I started whistling Grandma’s favorite song, Britches Full of Stitches. By the time I pulled into Danish Delights I was feeling much better.  
I stepped inside and was greeted by Jami, “Good morning Flynn, it’s such a beautiful day today.”
“Yes, yes it is, Jami. What do you have special today?” I said as I walked up to the counter.
“We got some Tiramisu, and Cherry Parfaits, along with all the usual.”
“Give me two of the tiramisu and a couple danishes as well.” I said.
Before leaving I asked Jami about Caitlin, but all she’d tell me was that even she couldn’t get her away from her home, something about she was working nonstop on her next novel.
Next novel was all I could think about, Caitlin had said that she had just finish her current one and that it should be printed by Christmas. Just what was her hurry for another? But this was her primary source of income, so who could blame her, and who was I to judge.
The day was going slow until we got a call from Wymore Elementary. Since I was the one to go into the field I went to see what they need help with. When I got there the secretary was more than happy to take me to the PC in question and explained what they were having problems with.
After tracking down the janitor I was finally able to get into the room where the modem was so I could do a reset. Thirty minutes later they were up and running again. I filled out the paperwork for the service call and gave the secretary the bill.
I was glad to leave, because now that the secretary wasn’t freaking out she was practically drooling all over me. I could certainly do without women like her. Then a thought came to mind, maybe I should step things up with Caitlin.
I got into my truck pulled out my phone and sent Caitlin a text: MAY YOUR POCKETS BE HEAVY AND YOUR HEART BE LIGHT. MAY GOOD LUCK PURSUE YOU EACH MORNING AND NIGHT. MISS YOU.
I waited a few minutes to see if she’d respond right back, when she didn’t I headed back to the shop.
It was close to closing time before my phone chimed letting me know I had a text waiting. When I read what it said it made me smile. MAY YOU HAVE WARM WORDS ON A COLD EVENING, A FULL MOON ON A DARK NIGHT, AND THE ROAD DOWNHILL ALL THE WAY TO YOUR DOOR. SORRY I’VE BEEN BUSY
I simply texted back: I NEED TO SEE YOU.
Caitlin’s replay came back:	WHEN AND WHERE?
I replied with: NOW @ KARL’S
Cait’s text read, OKAY, and I headed there.
As I walked into Karl’s I glazed back to my usual booth, seeing that is was empty I made my way back to it. As I passed by Margie I whispered that I had a friend coming to join me. She winked at me and as I was sitting down she place two menus on the table. I ordered two Dr. Peppers and waited for Cait to arrive.
I didn’t have to wait long, about fifteen minutes later and I heard the bell jingle at the diner door and then I felt the tingle at the back of my neck. I smiled as she slid in across from me. “What a surprise to see you here tonight,” I said holding back a laugh.
I saw the sparkle brighten in Cait’s eyes and then heard her sigh before she said, “It is a surprise.” And she winked at me.
“How have you been,” I asked.
She leaned back in the booth and closed her eyes and said without opening them, “Shouldn’t be I asking you that? A little birdie told me that you are avoiding a certain hog that sits in your garage.”
I hadn’t expected this from her. I was going to kill Zak. He of all people should understand, but being that he does it’s probably why he would tell others. I knew I’d been avoiding getting back on my hog and riding; maybe I need a little encouragement. “How about this weekend you come over and I’ll take you for a ride?” 
I watched the smile appear across her face and then she answered, “What time, biker boy?”
 “Whenever you get to my place on Saturday, and if you want pack an overnight bag and stay the weekend with me. We’ll go for a ride on Sunday too.” Talk about putting your foot in your mouth.  The invitation was already out there and I couldn’t take it back now.
“Okay, I won’t make any plans for the weekend then.” Cait reached across the table and laid her hand on top of mine.
After enjoying our meal together I paid and walked Cait out to her car. On the drive home I knew I needed to get back on my Harley before the weekend. There was no way I was going to allow Cait on the back without having complete control of myself and the bike.
Once home I didn’t even go inside, I opened the garage walked over to my bike and climbed on.  There was no time like the present to conquer this stupid fear. I’ve rode this Harley most of my life I’ll be damned if I was going to let one mishap ruin it.
I straddled my bike and walked it out of the garage and around so I was facing down my driveway. Without a second thought I started my Harley and rode away. I ended up at Zak’s and for a while I just sat in his driveway. I was just about to fire back up and head home when Zak stepped out onto the front porch. He hollered over at me, “You going to sit there all night or come join me on the porch?”
Kicking the kick stand down I got off my Harley and went to join Zak. As I walked up on the porch I said, “I didn’t plan on coming over here, I just kind of ended up here.”
“You never need a reason to come by, bro. You are always welcome. Good to see you back on the hog. I was hoping you wouldn’t keep putting it off, this is the kind of thing you have to get back on top of and ride.”
I knew he was right, and I was glad he was so supportive. I didn’t know exactly what Zak had been thru, but I knew enough and knowing what I did I knew he was never one to give up on something. He also made it a goal to never be afraid of anything and met things head on. 
It also didn’t help to see a six foot two, one hundred fifty-ish pound, muscular, bald headed, leather and jean wearing dude heading your way, you tended to step out of his way. And for people that knew Zak even a little bit he was also cuddly soft but mean as hell if you screwed with people he cared about.
I stayed for a while, I knew I could stay the night, but I really just wanted to head home and spend the night texting Cait. I said my good byes to my best friend and headed back down the road.


Caitlin

I had started and restarted the beginning to my new novel and so far I just didn’t like it. This was the fifth time I’ve deleted everything and started fresh. Even the little break of grabbing a bite with Flynn didn’t seem to help any. It’s not like I need to start another novel, but I knew if I could just get the beginning down this book would fly onto the screen. There was so much I wanted to write, but the beginning had me at a barricade.
I got up and wandered around my home until the chirp of my cell phone stopped me. I picked it up and read the text from Flynn:	HOWS MY SPECIAL GIRL TONIGHT?
I couldn’t help but smile, Flynn always seemed to know when I needed a pick me up. I replied: BETTER NOW THAT I’VE HEARD FROM YOU.
I sat down in the nearby chair and settled in for what I hoped would be long chat session.
 

I’ve never rode on a motorcycle before and I’ve fretted all week about it. It’s not that I’m afraid, I completely trust Flynn. I’m just not sure how things are going to be with our bodies pressed so close together. I’ve wanted to wrap my arms around him again since I helped him from his bathroom just after the accident. Zak had sent a message by way of Jami, that Flynn had been riding his Harley again, so I didn’t have to worry about him.
I looked at the grandfather’s clock that sat in the corner of my living room and wondered if it was too early to get the weekend started. As the weekend had drawn closer I because more and more anguish about it. This would be our first weekend together, and for some reason I wanted it to be prefect. 
I had packed and unpacked my overnight bag at least three times; changing what panties and bras I had packed in it. I wanted to feel sexy but not slutty if things ended up in the bedroom. I had a few silk sets, but I really wasn’t that type of girl. Finally I decided to be me, not someone I’m not and went with a pretty purple cotton set and a set that had a floral design. For other clothes I went with lounge wear but good enough if Flynn wanted to go somewhere.
  Looking at the clock again and noticing that only a few minutes had gone by I picked up my phone and sent Flynn a text: IS IT TOO EARLY TO START THE WEEKEND?
Still wandering around my home this time with my phone in hand it, I jumped when it chirped; I had a message waiting: ITS NEVER TOO EARLY. I AWAIT UR ARRIVAL.
I didn’t wait another second I grabbed my keys, purse, and overnight bag and was out the door with the biggest smile plastered to my face. Remembering Salem I gave Jami a quick call asking her to check in on him over the weekend. I hoped and prayed he’d be okay, it’s been a long time since I left him alone for so long, maybe with Jami stopping by he'd be okay. I’d make it up to him come Monday with a whole can of his favorite wet food.
Rolling down my window as I headed to Flynn’s I enjoy the late November air. It was actually a pretty nice day for being so late in the year.  It made me glad that I had changed into a pair of jeans, especially for the rides on the back of Flynn’s Harley. I pulled into Flynn’s driveway and shut the engine off, then quickly texted: HONEY I’M HOME!
I hadn’t even got out of my car and he was out of the house and off the porch headed my way. I finished getting out of my car with my overnight bag and no sooner had I stepped out and stood up that I was wrapped in a pair of warm muscular arms. I dropped my bag and wrapped my arms around his waist and rested my face against his chest and couldn't help breathing in his scent. We stood that way for a while before Flynn took a step back and picked up my bag. Gathering me to his side, with his arm draped over my shoulders we walked silently into his home.
We spent the first few hours next to one another on his couch, snuggling and kissing, lightly making out stopping now and then to talk about this and that. He told me that we would go out on his Harley later when the chill of the night had warmed up by the afternoon sun.
I excused myself to use the bathroom and when I came back out Flynn was in the kitchen. When I joined him there I noticed he had dished up some pie. He pulled a chair out for me and after I sat he turned and poured us some milk. Sitting down he said, “I hope you like pears. This is my Grandma’s recipe.”
I had never had pear pie. I did enjoy a nice Bartlett pear from time to time. I picked up the fork Flynn had place beside the plate and cut a piece off and popped it into my mouth. The sweetness exploded over my tongue and throughout my mouth. I couldn't help but moan in pleasure. I smiled over at Flynn and said, “This is delicious, your Grandmother taught you well.”
“Thank you. There is a cherry and peach pie in the frig for later. Grandma was known for her pies in Wymore. Even now I’m asked to make them from time to time.”
I saw the sadness in his eyes, so I simply said, “I can’t wait to try the others. If the pear pie is this good I can just imagine how good the others are. You should be proud, I’m sure your Grandmother would have been.” I finish my glass of milk and got up saying, “I’m going to get some more milk. Want some?” Flynn just continued to look at this pie and shook his head no.
I was standing back up from placing the milk back in the frig when I was gathered into Flynn’s embrace. He leaned close to my ear and whispered, “Sorry,” before letting me go. I stepped back into his embrace, looking up I said, “You have nothing to be sorry about.” I stood on tip toe and kissed him.


Chapter 7
Flynn

I don’t know what had made me make the pies, maybe Grandma was here watching, maybe not, but I did know I was glad I made them. I also couldn’t be happier sharing them with Cait. I hadn’t made them since before Grandma passed away. I didn’t know why I hadn’t especially with the sweet tooth I had. I had also been asked by many towns people and had turned their requests down.
Since meeting Cait, I had been visiting Grandma more and more, expecting answers even though I know she can’t answer, at least not with words. Most people would think I'm nuts if I told them the things that happen at her grave, but then a lot people think its silly to speak to the dead, but I have always believed that your loved ones never left you, you just couldn’t see, hear or touch them anymore. Yep most people would consider me nuts.
Standing now embracing Cait felt so right, but no matter how right it felt there was still a lot that needed to be said. As I rest my chin on top of her head, I closed my eyes and breathed in Cait’s sent. It was a mixture of honeysuckle and orange it always seems to soothe me whenever I catch a whiff of it. At times it takes me back to when I was young and grandma showed me my first honeysuckle vine and how sweet it tasted. We sat back down and finished our pie in silence. Every time Cait would catch me staring at her she would blush and I couldn't help but smile.
 Before leaving on my hog I told Cait that I had someone I wanted her to meet. I saw the baffled look on her face and said, “You'll see when we get there.” I got off my Harley and took her hand and led her back to Grandma and Grandpa's plot. I looked down at the tombstone read it for what felt like the millionth time: Ethel Ann O’Neal – MacQuade, Jack Flynn MacQuade, In Loving Memory, The Best Grandma and Grandpa Ever. I couldn’t help the tears that started to leak from my eyes and slide down my face.
I gathered her in my arms as she cried against my shoulder. It wasn’t until I felt the catch in her breathing that I knew that she was crying as well. I wrapped my arms around her, offering what support I could, and waited for the sobs to stop.
“I wanted Grandma to meet you.” I paused for a few before continuing. “She took care of me since I was three, so you could say she was my mother too. Grandpa died before I was born same as my mom’s parents. Mom and dad died in a car accident which left Grandma to raise me. Grandma didn’t bat and eye, she stepped right up and took care of me. I have no brothers or sisters so I’m the last of the MacQuades as far as I know.”
I let go of her and leaned over the tombstone.  I just stood there waiting for her to say something. Then I heard her say, “Thank you, I wish I would have been able to meet her, she seemed like a sweet woman, let alone very strong. I’m going to guess and say you come here a lot.”
I stood back up and faced her before replying, “Yes, at least once a week.” I took the few steps back to her side and we started back out of the cemetery. As we stepped away from the grave a stiff cold wind blew past. I stopped and smiled and said, “I love you too, Grandma.”
The ride back to my place was pleasant; Cait laid her head against my back and wrapped her arms around my waist. Before I knew it we were pulling into the driveway and into the garage. I told Cait to climb off. I handed her the keys and told her to go make herself comfortable that I’d be right in.
Most people would say I’m nuts if I told them that Grandma was there when the cold winds blew.  They would say that I was imaging it, that it was a conquincidence. How would they explain the same cold wind in the warmer months? Would they deny it even then? I shook my head, did I even care?  I thought for a moment and decided, no I didn’t.  I shut the garage as I headed inside.


Caitlin

I had gone inside as asked only because I knew Flynn needed sometime alone and I did too. I was still shaken by what happen as we were leaving the cemetery. I wasn’t one to believe in ghosts or spirits, but what happen was undeniable. I wasn't sure if I was meant to feel what I felt. However, I couldn’t help but question it. I thought about asking Flynn about it but did I really need too? He obvious felt it was his grandmother’s spirit in the wind. As I heard Flynn enter the house I pushed the thoughts aside, deciding to visit his grandmother on my own and see if the same thing happened.
The evening passed in each others arms on the couch watching movies and sipping drinks. Later Flynn lit a fire in the hearth and we moved closer to it. Flynn placed the couch cushions on the floor in front of the hearth and we made ourselves comfortable on them. The TV was on but we were no longer watching what was on it. Flynn had moved the couch around so we could lean against it as we sat in front of the fireplace watching the flames.
The drinks and the warmth from the fire must have lulled me to sleep, because when I woke I found myself on a bed alone. I looked down over my body only to find myself still fully clothed. As I looked around the room I saw that is was two in the morning. Continuing to look around I saw my overnight bag on a chair next a dresser with a lamp that had been turned down low. The lamp took me by surprise, it as an older kerosene lamp that had the wick barely high enough to be lit. I got up and walked over to my overnight bag and then could make out just how intricate the lamp was and that it was made of glass.
I open my overnight bag and grabbed the night-shirt I brought to sleep in. As quietly as I could I made my way to the shower in the master bathroom. I stepped in the room and stopped, there was another lamp lit giving a soft glow to the room. Flynn lay on his back with his hands interlocked on his stomach. The sheet and blanket were pulled up to just above his waist, so I had no idea if he was completely naked beneath. He was however shirtless which was enough to take my breath away and with the glow from the lamp somehow made him even sexier. He looked so peaceful that I thought twice about jumping in the shower at such an ungodly hour. Praying that I wouldn’t wake him I made my way into the bathroom and shut the door slowly and quietly.  
I was in my own little world caressing myself and it wasn’t until Flynn tapped on the shower door that I realized I wasn’t alone. I felt the heat rise up my cheeks when I thought of just what he could have seen if he would have opened the door. It wasn’t until Flynn knocked a second time that I found my voice. “I hope I didn’t wake you, and I’m sorry for falling to sleep on you.”
“No need to apologize, we had a long day and the warmth of the fire always puts me to sleep too. You didn’t wake me the sound of running water did. I just came to see if you were alright and to hit the head.”  
I finished rising off as Flynn did what he needed. I waited until I heard the toilet flush before asking, “Could you hand me a towel?” A few seconds later he handed a towel into me and without a word he left me alone in the bathroom.
I dried my hair the best I could and my body as well. I draped the towel over the shower frame and slipped on my night-shirt before leave the bathroom. Stepping into Flynn’s bedroom I saw that he was sitting up in bed reading. He looked up at me as I stepped forward and said, “Wow, look at you!” He closed the book and placed it on the night stand before he patting the bed saying, “Come climb in I promise I won’t bite, unless you ask me too.” He said with a cat ate the canary grin on his face.
As I walked closer he moved over in bed and held up the covers inviting me into his bed. He must have sensed my hesitation because he said, “I promised nothing will happen unless you initiate it.” He lifted the covers higher and I could see that he was wearing a pair of flannel bottoms. I took the last step toward the bed and climbed in alongside him.
Flynn slid down so he was lying alongside me on his side. He smiled and pulled me into his arms. I went without hesitation, for some reason I always felt save in his arms. I felt his chin on top of my head and then he simply said, “Sleep, Baby Girl.” We fit so well together, I felt his warmth seep through my night-shirt. I laid there in his arms for a long time and just listened to him breathe.
    

Flynn

I awoke the next morning with Caitlin’s head on my shoulder and her arm across my waist. I laid there for a while just listening to her breathe.  I would have laid there until she woke but I needed to answer Mother Nature’s call. Slowly I slid out from under Cait so not to wake her.
I thought about climbing back in bed, but instead turned to the kitchen and started some coffee and breakfast. Checking the frig I saw that breakfast would be a combination of eggs, bacon and pancakes. I had the bacon in the oven and the pancakes mixed up before I heard Cait. I looked up and watched her approached the kitchen.  She stopped and rubbed at her eye before asking, “Is that coffee and bacon I smell?”
I smiled and said, “It certainly is, I also have pancakes ready to go and eggs if you want them.”  She continued towards me and I motioned for her to sit. “Please sit, I’ll get you a cup of coffee.” I placed the cup of coffee in front of her with the sugar and creamer.
I whipped up two small omelets for us and a half a dozen pancakes. By then the bacon was finished and I added a few pieces to each of our plates.  I placed Cait’s plate in front of her and she dug in with gusto. I was pleased that she was enjoying my cooking.
Later in the day after returning from a walk in the woods I was sitting in the living room when Cait called to me. “Flynn, can you come here, please.”
Before getting up I answered her with, “What do you need?”
“Can you come here, please?” She said without anything more.
“Be right there.” I said as I got up from the couch. Knowing she was in the bathroom I headed there. However as I stepped into my bedroom I saw her lying there in the nude grinning like the Cheshire cat, and with her finger she motioned for me to come closer. Seeing her lying there, her musk filling the room, I was quickly rising to meet her desires.
I walked up the side of the bed and she reached over and ran her hand up and down the bulge my cock had made of the front of my pants. She looked up at me and said, “I think you have too many clothes on.” She leaned over and proceeded to unbutton my jeans and then slowly lowered my zipper.
She leaned back on the bed and smiled before saying, “Strip, biker boy.” I watched her as I did as I was told and saw the surprise when my cock sprung out when I lowered my boxers. Cait licked her pretty lips as he patted the bed alongside her. As I stepped up to the bed Cait leaned forward again and took me in her hand and then kissed the head of my cock. Ounce she laid back down I joined her on the bed, rolling to my side so I was facing her. Cait kissed me then and whispered in my ear. “Show me what you got.” Then she rolled onto her back and took her breasts in her hands and started rubbing and pinching her nipples.
I gently moved one of her hands placing it above her head and then I cover her nipple with my mouth. Gently, I started to lick and suckle it, with my first suckle I heard her breath catch. I smiled as I was enjoying myself and knew that she was enjoying it too. I kept my attention on her nipple for a time before moving over to the other. I was urgently firm, but ignored my need. I was determined that this first time was going to be all about Caitlin.
The afternoon was spent with me showing Cait just how a man should make a woman feel. I took pride in hearing her moans, sighs, and sometimes even the squeals of pleasure that rose from her throat. I lost track of how many times I had made her come and all with touching and stroking. We were just resting I had her wrapped in my arms whispering sweet nothings in her ear when I noticed that her breathing had evened out. I leaned up to see her face and saw that she had fallen asleep. I pulled her even closer and smiled as I dozed off myself, content to just hold Caitlin close.


Chapter 8
Caitlin
					
I sat in Karl’s waiting for Jami to join me thinking about the past weekend. I regretted nothing. I did wonder if I had pushed Flynn too far. I hadn’t heard from him since Monday morning and then it was just a quick message asking if I had made it home.
I sat so I could see Jami walk in and waved her over. “Thanks for joining me.” I said as Jami slid into the booth across from me.
“Not a problem, you know I’m here for you. What’s up?”
Marge brought Jami’s usual ice water and I wait for her to leave before I told Jami my concerns about the past weekend. As usual she told me I was over thinking things that I had done nothing wrong. Even hearing it from my best friend wasn’t enough to lift the worry from my shoulders.  
We sat and caught up over things while we had some lunch. Before leave Jami once again told me to stop worrying so much. As I watched her leave so did my pasted on smile.
I was still sitting there an hour later when Marge slid in and sat across from me. She reached across and took my hand in hers.
“Dearie, what’s wrong? I thought you would be okay once your friend showed but I’ve watched you now for the past hour and can see that you still have something weighing you down. I know we don’t know one another very well, but I’m offering my shoulder and my knowledge and even advice if it is what you need.”
Marge just sat silently and continued to hold my hand, I could tell he was very sincere, maybe it’s what I needed a talk with an older woman. I looked up at her and asked, “Is there somewhere a little more private we could talk?”
She didn’t even hesitate, Marge slide out and said, “Come.” I grabbed my purse and followed her. She stopped and asked the other waitress if she would be able to handle things for a while, then she told her husband that we’d be upstairs if we were needed, but to try and give us at least an hour. He told her not to worry to take as long as we needed, as he turned back to the grill. Marge led me up a back set of steps to what I assumed was where her and Karl lived.
She told me to make myself comfortable as she set about making tea. A few minutes later she rejoined me in the living room with two cups of tea with sugar and cream on the side on a tray. She placed it on the coffee table in front of us and then turned towards me and said, “Take your time dearie, and tell me a little or as much as you like. If all you need is my shoulder, they are big and have held a many of heads.”
I prepared my tea before starting. “I’m sure you are aware that Flynn and I have been seeing one another.” I saw her nod but she said nothing so I continued. “I do like him very much and we spent the weekend together at his place. Which was very relaxing and he was a perfect gentleman.” Again I look up at Marge and she just nodded and smiled.  So I again continued. I couldn't help the blush that spread across my cheeks as I said, “I sort of enticed Flynn into bed. He was very patience and gentle with me.” I stopped for a moment to remember back to Sunday and I realized that as much as he touched and stroked me he never left me return the pleasure. I could feel my cheeks growing hotter, but continued anyway I needed to get this all out. “He never let me touch him in the ways he was touching me, except for right at the beginning. All he kept saying was that he was fine and that it was all about me.” I lowered my head and to my surprise a tear rolled down my cheek.
It was a few moments before Marge spoke and when she did it was a question I didn’t really expect.  She asked me, “How much do you know about Flynn’s past?”
I wiped the tears from my face and excepted the tissues Marge handed to me. I took a calming breath and looked up and answered, “I know that he is the last of his family, that he lost his parents when he was young and that his grandmother raised him. I also know that Zak is his best friend although I don’t know him very well. I know about his accident a few weeks back, I even helped care for his wounds after he got out of the hospital.”
Marge said, “I see. I can tell you this, dearie, you don’t know everything yet, and I will not tell you, for it needs to come from Flynn himself. I suggest you be patient with him Caitlin, I know it may seem like he was distant with your love-making, but I ask you to take it as you saw it, he was indeed caring for your needs before his own. Don’t give up on him, love is a powerful feeling and as soon as he realizes that it is what he’s fighting he'll come for you. I can see that you have fallen for him and if you truly love him, give him time.”
Marge didn’t tell me much, but somehow I felt much better after our talk, she gave me her number and told me to feel free to call anytime or stop in of course. By the time I left the diner was closed so Marge showed me out. I thanked her and walked to my car.
  

Flynn

I had just stepped inside when I heard the familiar ping of my phone letting me know that I had a message waiting. I walked over and read it: WALLS FOR THE WIND, AND A ROOF FOR THE RAIN, AND DRINKS BESIDE THE FIRE—LAUGHTER TO CHEER YOU AND THOSE YOU LOVE NEAR YOU, AND ALL THAT YOUR HEART MAY DESIRE! HOW ARE YOU?
I had been waiting for this message, I knew I shouldn’t have been silent since Monday morning, but I wanted her to make the next move. I replied with: YOUR FEET WILL BRING YOU WHERE YOUR HEART IS. I AM DOING WELL. IT IS GOOD TO HEAR FROM YOU.  HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
I had hoped that it was her novel-writing that had kept her silent so long, but deep down I knew it was something else. I knew it probably had something to do with me.
There was only one person I could talk to, to get answers and advice, so I would be heading down to Karl’s tonight. I needed sometime with Marge, she was the only person I would trust with this topic. I normally would talk to Zak, but not for this.  
When I finally was able to make to Karl’s it was near closing time, an hour or so before, so I sat in the booth and waited. Everyone else eventually left and Marge walked to the front to close up. I knew she hadn’t forgotten about me, so I waited. The woman was just like Grandma, she could tell I was troubled. The lights went out and I listened to her walk towards me.
She didn’t say anything just slid in, in front of me after getting herself a glass of water. I looked up into her concerned eyes and said, “How do you always know?”
She laughed and said, “Mother’s intuition.”
“But you’re not my mother.” I said.
“No I’m not, but I am a mother and I’ve been in your life since before you were knee high to a grasshopper.” She paused to take a drink before continuing. “Tell Margie what’s bother you. If I can’t help you I’ll go get Karl.”
For some reason I didn’t want to talk to a guy, not Zak, not Karl, maybe what I needed was a mother’s love and understanding, so Marge was it.  “You know Caitlin, right?” I saw her nod and continued. “We spent the weekend together last weekend and it was great, but I think I did something wrong. I wanted it to be perfect for Cait. I wanted it to be all about her, so I took care of her, even when things got intimate it remained about her. I had my own needs, but I ignored them.”
Marge didn’t say anything for a while, but when she did she asked me a question. “Have you put Tina in the past?” She held up a finger when I went to answer and continued. “You need to do so in order to move on with Caitlin, you also need to let her know about Tina. She will understand just talk to her Flynn.”
I hadn’t thought about Tina in a while, could it really be that, that’s holding me back, that is coming between Caitlin and myself? “Do you think that’s it?”
“I do, Flynn, you can’t change what happened and I believe Tina would want you to be happy.”
“Thank you, Marge.” I slid out and stood up and waited for Marge to do the same before closing the distance between us and hugged her.  
It was then when Karl stepped out from the back and said with a laugh, “Trying to steal my woman, Flynn?”
I let Marge go and stepped back before saying, “Never, Karl. Marge only has eyes for you” I shook Karl's out stretched hand and was pulled into a fatherly embrace with a couple solid pats on the back.
“Thanks for everything.” I said to both of them before turning and walking out of the diner.
It was late before I walked into my home, but I needed to see Caitlin as soon as possible, so I sent her a text: GIVE ALL TO LOVE; OBEY THY HEART. NEED TO SEE YOU!
I was lying in bed when I got Cait’s reply: LET YOUR HEART GUIDE YOU. IT WHISPERS, SO LISTEN CLOSELY. WHEN?
I replied with: TOMORROW?
When my phone chimed again it read: OK, WHAT TIME?
I smiled and text: CAN I COME OVER ONCE I’M DONE AT THE SHOP?
Seconds later her reply read: YES, I’ll BE EXPECTING YOU.
Our texting continued on for the better part of an hour before she said she was barely staying awake and said goodnight.

 
Chapter 9
Caitlin

I hadn’t been able to sleep last night, so I made use of the time by making not one, not two, but three tiramisus. Once I knew Jami would be awake I took two of them over to her. After putting them away she tried handing me a check for the past ones that she had sold. I handed it back to her and told her to keep it and that if she wanted me to continue to make the tiramisu to just purchase the ingredients since she could get a discount thru the business. She was happy to do so and said that my tiramisus would remain a special on the menu. Everyone knew that the tiramisu was not an everyday item. She had asked me before if she could take orders for whole ones if people wanted to order such a thing, I told her that I would need to know at least a week in advance to make them. It wasn’t that I didn’t have the time; I just didn’t like to be pushed or pressured to make anything.
Jami boxed me up a dozen of her danishes and sent me on my way. She needed to fill the cases for the morning rush. I offered to stay and help but she just shook her head and told me to go home and write a story. I just laughed and left out the back door.
By the time I had returned home I was feeling pretty tired, but then running on no sleep from last night was bound to catch up to me. Wanting to be awake and alert for Flynn tonight I decided to get some sleep now. I shut the blinds and pulled the thick heavy curtains closed like I did when I get my migraines, stripped down to just my panties and climbed into bed.


Flynn

I wanted tonight to be special even though I had decided to tell Caitlin about Tina. Marge was right I needed to let go, but to do that I needed to let Cait in, but in order for me to do that I needed to tell Cait about Tina.
I stopped at the florist on my way and got Cait a bouquet of flowers. I didn’t get roses because for one Cait didn’t seem like the rose type and two Cait seemed to want to be wild and free, so I opted for wild flowers mixed with some pretty white carnations. I also picked up a Christmas cactus it wouldn’t bloom for another month, but the lady at the florist said it would be pretty. She had told me that the blossoms would be white with a touch of pink in some of them. After making the stop at the florist I was glad that I had decided to drive the truck instead of hopping on my Harley.
Deciding to go the whole nine yards I stopped at Karl’s Diner and had Marge pack up two of the night’s specials. As she rung me up, she gave me a wink and wished me a good night. Somehow she knew where I was headed. I was just about to step out the door when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I glanced over my shoulder to see who it was. It was Karl and he nodded for me to step outside. We walked to my truck before Karl said anything.
“Flynn, my boy, tell me, are headed over to that pretty little girl’s of yours?”
“I am, sir, why do you ask.”
“Marge and I had a little talk the other night after y’all had your own. We’re both worried about you, son. You fixing to tell her about Ms. Avery?” 
Karl was always one to get to the point and I appreciated that. “Yes sir, I am, although I’m not sure how to say it.” I said.
“Son, if nothing else just be truthful and straight with that little lady and I think you’ll be fine.” With that said Karl turned and headed back inside the diner.
I holler after him, “Thanks pop.” He acknowledged me with a wave of his hand as he stepped inside not even glancing back at me. I could count the number of times Karl had sat me down and gave me a talking to. He is a man I’ll always respect.
I parked down the street from Caitlin’s and just sat there. I was lost in thought when a tap on the door window brought me back to the present. I looked over and saw that it was Jami. I rolled down the window and she asked, “Everything okay, Flynn?” 
“Yea just tired. You coming or going? I can come back if your heading in to see Cait just don’t tell her I was here.”
“She’s all yours, I’m headed home. The neighbor has family over that’s why the streets so full.” She patted me on the arm and said, “Have a nice night,” before walking away.
I watched her walk a little ways down the street and get in her car. As she drove by she gave a smile and a wave as well as a thumbs up. I couldn’t help but laugh and think that Zak better not mess this one up. 
I hooked the bag from Karl’s over my arm as I picked up the bouquet and the Christmas cactus and stepped out of my truck. I locked the door with my elbow, stepped around it and bumped it shut with my ass. Taking a deep breath I started up the sidewalk when I reached Cait’s door I adjusted holding the cactus to my body with my left arm so I could knock. Taking a step back I once again held the cactus plant in my right hand.
Seeing Cait’s face light up like Christmas, I held out the bouquet and the cactus and said, “These are for you, Leanbh Cailin.” 
She took the bouquet and buried her face in them. She then took the cactus from me and stepped back and said, “Come in.”
I motioned for her to proceed me in further as I shut and locked the front door. She placed the cactus on the kitchen counter and proceeded to search for a vase and then place the bouquet in it. She even took the time to rearrange the flowers before taking them into the living room.
I busied myself with taking the meals out of the bag from Karl’s and placing them on the little table in the kitchen. Cait joined me back in the kitchen and wrapped her arms around my waist and rested her head on my back. I stood up and turned in her embrace. She stood up as well and dropped her arms, until I stood faced her, she then raised her hands and tugged my t-shirt from my jeans before running her hand up and under it. I brought my arms around her and pulled her in as close as I could before kissing her on the forehead.
 Cait leaned up and kissed me back. “Thank you for the flowers, the cactus and supper, makes me glad that I went ahead and made dessert.”
“I’m glad you like the flowers and the lady told me that the cactus should bloom around Christmas.” I stepped out of Cait’s embrace and pulled out the chair for her to sit at the little table that held the meals from Karl’s.
We decided to wait on the dessert and retired to the living room. I really needed to tell Cait what I came here to tell her, but how do I start. After thirty minutes of silence I decided to just jump right in.  
I moved to in front of Caitlin and sat on the coffee table. “Caitlin, I need to tell you something, something that you need to know so we can move on in our relationship if you still want to after I tell you want I need to tell you.” She didn’t say anything just reached out and placed her hand over top of mine, that rest on my knee. I swallowed and continued. “I had a fiancee a few years back, her name was Tina Avery. I loved her with everything I had.”
I watched Caitlin and I saw her eyes widen just slightly, but other than that I saw nothing else, she didn’t say anything either. The silence surrounded us like the dark of night, there was more that I needed to say, but I was kind of hoping that Caitlin would say something, anything.
I was just about to continue when Cait took my hand in both of hers and leaned forward then she said, “Flynn, I can tell this is important to you, and I am willing to listen.” She paused for a few moments then continued, “However, I’m not sure what to say or even if I should, please continue.”
I brought her hands to my lips and kissed the backs of them. Letting her hands go I got up and walked around the living room before returning to sitting in front of her. “Sometimes I don’t think I deserve you.” I smiled at her slightly and continued on. “Tina was the love of my life for almost two years, we were engaged for the last six months before everything ended.” It was getting hard to breathe let alone talk so I took a few moments to compose myself so I could finish what I needed to say. “I was working late at the shop one night when I got a call from the state police. Tina had been on her way home from Lincoln when she was hit from behind, when she braked to avoid hitting a deer. The car behind her hit and spun her car into the on coming traffic. She was then hit by an on coming semi. She was gone before paramedics even arrived at the scene.”
Caitlin covered her faced with her hands, a response I hadn’t been ready for. I moved to alongside her and gathered her into my arms. I heard her whisper, “I’m so sorry Flynn, that’s so horrible.” She removed her hands and looked up at me I thought she was going to cry and there were tears in her eyes when she leaned in close and kissed me. When she leaned back and looked up at me again those tears had spilled down her cheeks.
I pulled Caitlin in close to my side and we just sat there for what seemed like hours. I couldn’t believe how Cait could feel such sorrow for someone she had never met, and it just made me love her more. Still holding Caitlin alongside of me I said, “I haven’t dated anyone since Tina until you and Tina’s been gone almost three years now. I thought we’d be together forever. Grandma was a big help I was just about ready to get back into dating, and then I lost her last year.”
Cait didn’t say anything, just snuggled closer, resting her head against my shoulder with her hand on my stomach. We just sat and listened to the fire crackled in the hearth.
It was sometime later when I took her chin in my hand and lifted her face to mine so I could kiss her. Looking into her eyes I said, “Cait, I don’t want to mess things up between us, you are the first good thing that’s happen to me in a very long time, but I can’t help but feel that I’ll lose you too. Everyone I’ve ever cared about I’ve lost; mom, dad, Tina, and Grandma and I’m not sure but I think I almost lost Zak too and in a way I lost a part of him. He’s never been the same since he came back from being in the military.”
Caitlin stood up and pulled me by my hand saying, “Come on, I think its time for dessert.”


Chapter 10
Caitlin

I wasn't sure what to say to Flynn, he had just laid his heart out in front of me and I didn't want to say the wrong thing. So, I did what I usually did and changed the subject. I had jumped up and pulled him into the kitchen for dessert. I didn't bother to cut the tiramisu but put it in the center of the table and grabbed two forks for us.
We lay in my bed now, Flynn finally fell asleep a few minutes ago and I lay with my head on his chest. Along with all the normal stuff that runs around in my head I have everything that Flynn had told me. As much as I felt alone, I wasn't, I had but to travel north a few miles and I could step into my parents or grandparents arms. I also had Jami, I knew all I had to do was show up and Jami would have no problem closing up the bakery. Flynn however was alone completely, unless you counted Zak, Marge and myself. I wanted to know more about Tina, but I wasn't going to push Flynn. I had no idea what it was like to lose a lover in the way that he had.

I awoke early the next morning. I slowly and quietly untangled myself from Flynn's embrace and made my way down to the kitchen. I set about making breakfast; bacon, eggs, toast and coffee. I was just plating up everything when Flynn walked into the kitchen. “Good morning. Sleep well?” I asked as I poured him a cup of coffee.
He came around me and gathered me in his arms, kissing my neck he whispered, “Would have been nicer if you would have been there to wake up to, but breakfast is a nice touch, so I'm not going to complain.”
He took his coffee and sat down as I carried breakfast over. “I hope you're hungry, there's more bacon in the oven as well as eggs in the pan on the stove.” It was at that moment that my stomach decided to let me know that I needed to shut up and feed it.
Flynn looked over at me smiling and said, “I don't think I'm the one you need to be worried about. You might want to feed that monster I just heard.”
Flynn finished up the eggs and bacon as I packed him a lunch. I included the rest of the tiramisu in his lunch even though he said it wasn't necessary. Flynn grabbed a quick shower and then headed out the door to work.
We didn't make any future plans, he just said I'll see you and kissed me on the cheek before he left. Things were complicated I knew we needed to talk more about Tina and where our relationship was going, but I knew Flynn had to be the one to open up more. I felt there was still more that Flynn wasn't telling me.
For the next few hours I just sat around trying to think of ways to be there and be around Flynn more. Tired of just sitting around and not wanting to work on my novel I got in my car and just drove. Somehow I ended up at the cemetery where Flynn's grandmother was buried. I shut off the car and just sat there for a while. I didn't even know the woman but yet here I sat just feet away from where she had been laid to rest.
Bundling up in my coat, hat and scarf I got out of my car and made my way to the grave. For a while I just stood there staring blindly at the grave. It wasn't until the wind kicked up briefly that I got the feel that I wasn't alone. I wrapped my jacket tighter around me and looked around me I didn't see anyone. I sat down in front of the headstone and just started talking. I told her how I felt about Flynn and my fears. I was sitting there with my head down and my eyes closed with tears slowly sliding down my face. I didn't know what to do and it made my heart ache.
The wind picked up briefly for a few seconds after asking if I should just give Flynn some more time. I had a feeling if was Ethel trying to comfort me. I was about to get up when I heard a noise, there was a few seconds of fear before I heard a voice. I looked to my right and that fear increased until I looked up and searched for a face. I was relieved to see that it was Zak. He offered me his hand as he said, “What are you doing here?”
I took his hand and left him pull me up to his side. He tucked me next to him and headed out of the cemetery. Before I could say anything he spoke again. “We need to talk. Come back to my place.”
When we reached my car and his truck he stepped back and looked at me. He once again said, “Come back to my place.” I just nodded my agreement and watched him walk to his truck. I followed Zak and we ended up at a place much like Flynn's.
Stepping into Zak's place was like stepping into a cave. It was pitch black and on the cooler side. He told me to say where I was for a minute. Soon the darkness faded but not by much I could at least see where things were. I watched as Zak turned on two lamps these too were very dim. He then knelt down at the fireplace soon it roared to life.
He stood and said, “Come, sit and we will talk.”
He sat in the chair next to the lamp and I sat on the sofa across from him. Once seated I said, “I don't understand, what do we have to talk about? Have I upset you in some way?”
I heard a deep throaty laugh before Zak spoken again. “No, we are fine. What I need to tell you deals with Flynn. I was hoping he would have pulled his head out of his ass by now.”
All I could say was, “Oh!” and waited for Zak to continue.
Zak got up and walked away without saying anything when he returned he handed me a glass. “Here, its iced tea,” he said and returned to the chair he was previously sitting in. “Caitlin, this isn't really my place, but being the closest thing Flynn has to family I've taken it upon myself to say what I'm about to tell you. First though what has he told you about Tina Avery?”
I didn't say anything right away just looked at the man sitting in front of me. If you didn't know Zak you would very much run away from him than befriend him. Deciding that I wanted to know more about this woman even if it didn't come from Flynn himself I looked up at Zak and said, “All Flynn told me so far is that she was his fiancee and that she died in a car crash.”
Zak leaned forward with his elbows on his knees, resting his chin on his clenched hands. “I see, he left out one major piece of information. Tina was pregnant with Flynn's child. She was headed to Wymore so they would finalize somethings for the wedding. They were to be married the following weekend. Tina was the sunshine in Flynn's life, he lived for her and would have had no problem dying for her.” Zak paused and took a long drink from his own glass before he spoke again. “I don't know if he still does, but Flynn use to blame himself for Tina's death. Its been almost three years since Tina's death and he hasn't been with anyone more than a night until you, Caitlin.”
I wasn't sure what to think or say, loosing Tina had to have been hard but to know she was carrying their child must have been devastating. “Thank you for telling me, Zak, but why? Why did you tell me all this. Won't Flynn be pissed at you?”
“He can be pissed all he wants. Three years is long enough to grieve. Tina would have wanted him to move on, not shut himself off and build walls around his heart. I have my own ghosts so I know how hard it is for him, but since I met Jami I've realized its time to let the dead rest.” Zak got up and walked over to in front of me and sat on the coffee table. He took my hand in his before he said, “Caitlin, you are good for Flynn, don't let him string you along get in there and fight for him. He deserves to be happy again, but I have a feeling you are going to have to make it happen.”
I'm not sure what made me do it but I leaned forward and hugged the big man in front of me. I also wondered if Flynn knew what a good friend he had in Zak. Leaning back and letting Zak go I said, “Okay, if you think it's the right thing to do I'll fight with everything I have for Flynn. I'm so glad we had this talk. I had thought of letting Flynn have his space, but now I think he needs my love even more.”
Zak stood up and pulled a key out of his front pocket took my hand and dropped it in my palm and closed my fingers over it. He laughed and said, “I knew you were a fighter Caitlin. That is a key to Flynn's place, one you can keep.” He looked at the watch on his wrist before saying, “Flynn won't be home for another four hours. If you want to head to his place and get ready for him I'll make sure you have those four hours more if you need it. Give me your phone and I'll add my number.”
I reached into my purse to retrieve my phone then handed it to Zak. He quickly punched in his information and handed it back to me. He offered his hand to help me off his sofa I took it and left him pull me up. I leaned up and kissed him lightly on his cheek and whispered, “Flynn is so lucky to have you as a friend.” I turned and headed to the door before stepping outside I turned back to Zak and thanked him for the key. He still stood where I left him I couldn't help but wonder if I had stunned him with the kiss. I smiled as I made my way to my car.
Ten minutes later I was pulling into Flynn driveway. Before heading inside I sent Zak a text: GIVE ME THOSE FOUR HOURS, PLEASE. Seconds later Zak's reply read: YOU GOT IT. Grabbing my purse I headed inside.


Flynn

I was helping a customer on the phone when I heard the back door open. Seconds later I heard Zak's heavy footsteps as he approached. He sat down in the chair next to me, leaned back and interlocked his hands on his stomach and just looked at me. I knew he was wanting to talk and I was afraid what he wanted to talk about. Zak didn't get the look he had often, but when he did he had something important to say.
I finished up with the call a few minutes later and as soon as I hung up Zak said simply, “Shut down.” I turned on the answering system and shut down the PC. I swiveled the chair to face Zak and waited.
“Flynn, I know this is none of my damn business, but what are you doing with Ms. Katzman?” He still sat leaned back with his hands on his stomach but now he was tapping his index fingers together.
I had been asking myself this same question for the past several days. Ever since I told Caitlin about Tina this question hasn't been too far from my mind. I appreciated Zak's concern, hell he was dating Caitlin's best friend I'm sure he heard things that Caitlin had said to Jami. “I'm working on it, man. I really am, I want to move forward with Cait, but...” I really didn't know what else to say so I just left the silence linger between us.
Zak left the chair fall forward and he stared at me with the same menacing look. “Dude, you can't fuck this up. Cait is crazy about you. Tina's been gone a long fucking time. I know you loved her, but she gone. Cait is here; solid, strong, warm, and wants to give you all her love. Have you even told Cait about Tina and the baby?”
Not many people knew about the baby just Zak and Marge now that Grandma is gone. I had told Cait about Tina but I couldn't about the baby. “Yes, I've told her about Tina.”
Zak got up and walked over to the small frig we kept in the shop and grabbed two of the few beers we kept in there. Walking back to the chair he said, “But I'm guessing not about the baby?” He sat down and handed me one of the beers.
I cracked the beer open and tossed the lid on the desk. “No, not the baby. Zak she was headed here to me...” My throat grew tight and a lump formed stopping me from saying anything more.
Zak took a long drink from his bottle of beer and set it down on the desk before saying, “It wasn't your fault Flynn you weren't driving either of the vehicles that hit her. You need to stop blaming yourself, she would have been heading here anyway, you were gonna be married the following weekend.”
I didn't know where the anger was coming from but before I could stop it I yelled, “Don't you think I fucking know that?” I so rarely swore that is shocked me and it was even more rare that I lost my temper at Zak.
Nothing was said from either of us for a long time we just sat there and drank our beer. Zak had leaned back in the chair again, but continued to just stare at me.
I swallowed the last of my beer and said, “I'm sorry, bro. I know you mean well and I really appreciate what you are trying to do. I know you care, but no one can fix this for me. I stood and walked past my best friend and stopped to say, “I'm headed home, why don't you do the same?” I didn't wait for him to answer, I just grabbed my coat from the back and walked out.


Caitlin

I was just finishing up and putting the lasagna in the oven when my phone chimed letting me know I had a message waiting for me. Retrieving my phone from the counter and saw that the message was from Zak. I pressed the button to view his message and I swear my heart stopped for a second. Zak message read: SORRY CAIT FLYNN'S ON HIS WAY HOME OR AT LEAST I HOPE SO. THINGS DIDN'T GO THE WAY I PLANNED. HE'S HURTING CAIT, I BROUGHT UP TINA AND THE BABY. I'M SORRY. JUST THOUGHT I'D GIVE YOU A HEADS UP. I'LL MAKE IT UP TO YOU IF YOU HAVE A SHITY NIGHT. I wasn't mad and I was glad Zak thought to let me know. It just re-enforced that I was right that Zak and Flynn were closer than close even if neither of them realized it.
I quickly replied to Zak's message: DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT ZAK I'LL TAKE CARE OF HIM. I LOVE HIM AND I'LL DO WHAT I HAVE TO, TO MAKE HIM SEE THAT. WHY DON'T YOU GO SEE JAMI, GET YOUR MIND OFF FLYNN, HE'S IN MY HANDS NOW.
A message came from Zak: YOU REALLY ARE A GOOD WOMAN CAIT AND FLYNN ALMOST DOESN'T DESERVE YOU, ALMOST. TELL FLYNN I'M SORRY HE'LL KNOW WHAT I MEAN WITHOUT HAVING TO TELL HIM EVERYTHING I TOLD YOU. ALSO PUT THE BLAME ON ME IF NEED BE I CAN HANDLE FLYNN NO NEED FOR HIM TO BE PISSED AT YOU.
I heard a car pull in the drive so I quickly texted back: OKAY, HE'S HOME. And I turned off my phone just in case Zak responded. Tonight I was here for Flynn and I didn't want any interruptions. I set the timer and hurried into the living room.


Chapter 11
Flynn

I stepped into my house and stopped, I got a feeling that something was different. I took a couple more steps in and heard her musical soothing voice, “Welcome home, Mo Gra.” I looked over in the direction of my living room and saw Caitlin lying there on the couch.
“Croi Milisiii, what are you doing here?” I asked as I walked over to her. “It doesn't matter, I'm glad that you are.” I say as I pick her up and cuddle her to my chest. 
First thought was to just turn around and sit down with Caitlin keeping her wrapped in my arms and on my lap, but instead carried her to my bedroom and laid her gently down. I toed my boots off and stripped down to my boxers all the while watching Caitlin watch me. I stepped toward the bed and Caitlin moved over giving me room to lay beside her. She smiled and patted the bed next to her. She didn't need to invite me, I needed her, her warmth, her smiles, her love, her arms wrapped around me feeling her warm breath brush across my neck, I needed her.
Instead of lying down next to her I crawled over top of her with my knees on the outside of her thighs and my hands on each side of her head. I looked down into her eyes and felt my heart crack a little more and I was glad. I wanted the cold icy walls to come crumbling down. I didn't want to lose the best thing that's happen to me in a very long time. I wanted to be free of the pain, I wanted to be free of Tina and the baby, free of the memory of them and that they are gone.
Still looking her in the eyes I lean down and kiss her once, twice, three times before whispering, “I need you Caitlin, please say you'll stay. Don't ever let me go, make this pain go away, replace it with your warmth and love. You are slowly chipping away at the icy cage that surrounds my heart.” I kissed her a few more times before rolling on my back taking her with me. She now sat straddling my hips and I can't stop or help the my erection. I want her, but not sexually, not now, I can't help what my cock wants he's just going to have to wait.
I look up into her shining eyes, “Leanbh Cailin, please tell me you will stay.”
“Yes, Flynn, I will stay, whatever you need I'm here. I will not go unless you ask me too.”
It was then that an alarm starts going off and Caitlin climbs off me and hurries out of the bedroom. A few minutes later she returns, and climbs in alongside me and says, “Sorry, I had to take the lasagna out before it burned.” It was then that I realize that she has been here awhile. I turn to my side and ask, “Just how long have you been here?”
Cait snuggles in close and says, “A while.” She briefly looks up at me before hiding her face in my neck.
“How, how did you get inside?” I keep my voice low and controlled. I had a pretty good idea how, but I wanted to hear it from her, because it would go along way in explaining a few things.
Cait looks up at me again and says, “Don't be mad, but Zak gave me a key. He really does care about you. He also told me a few things. He also asked me to tell you that he's sorry. He said you would know what he's talking about.”
I gathered Cait close and ran my hand thru her hair pushing it off her neck so it was bare to my kisses. I felt her pulse increase as I trailed my kisses from the side of her neck down to between her breasts. Returning to her neck I pause at her ear and whisper, “I'm not mad, not at you, not at Zak. It explains a lot however and there is something else I need to tell you.” 
If it was possible I gather Caitlin even closer before saying, “I told you about Tina, but what I left out was that she was pregnant. I didn't just loose the love of my life but our child as well. We were hoping it would be a boy so the MacQuade bloodline would continue. Very few people knew she was pregnant so its not publicly known.” I couldn't help it a tear slid down my cheek.
Caitlin wiped my tear away with her kisses which only made more fall. A thought came to mind that maybe I needed to cry so I just left myself let go and finally cry. Caitlin gathered me to her bosom and I was more than happy to stay there and let the tears fall until there were no more. Then I heard Caitlin whisper, “Let go, just let it go. I'm here and I'm not going anywhere.”


Caitlin
 
I always felt there was no shame in crying and lying here holding Flynn didn't make him any less of a man. In my eyes it makes him a better man, most men think it shows weakness and so what if it does. Isn't everyone allowed to cry? I meant what I said to him, that I wasn't going anywhere. Ever! I might not know what it's like to loose someone, but I know what it's like to have a good friend to lean on. Flynn may have Zak, but I couldn't see them crying anything out. It just wasn't something grown men did with one another.
I held Flynn until the sobs subsided just running my hand thru is hair and kissing his forehead from time to time. He has been quiet for the last several minutes. Not wanting to bring the subject up again just yet I leaned back raise his chin with my hand and looked into his now dry eyes. I smiled and say, “Hungry?”
He smiles back at me and then runs a hand over this face and back thru his long dirty blonde hair. “Yes. What did you make?”
I leaned into him and kiss him before answering. “Lasagna, it can be warmed back up while the garlic bread bakes. Why don't you grab a shower while I throw everything in the oven.”
I rolled out of bed and headed for the kitchen hoping that Flynn will go take a shower. I always felt better after a nice long shower. Then the image of Flynn all wet and naked came to mind and I felt a shiver run thru me. I set the oven to warm and headed back to the bedroom. When I got there I hear the shower running. I quickly strip naked and silently slip into the bathroom and into the shower. I wrap my arms around Flynn from behind, move his hair to the side and start kissing his neck.
It didn't take Flynn long to turn around in my arms and kiss me. He slips his tongue between my lips searching for mine to tangle with. I run my hands up and down his back. He wraps his arms around me and proceeded to lift me up. He then whispers in my ear, “wrap your legs around me, baby.” I could feel his erection pressing again my belly. I had never made love in the shower before but I was more than willing. As I went to wrap my legs around Flynn he adjusts and I feel him slide inside me. I shudder at the feeling of being filled. I'm in heaven and enjoying every stroke, every wiggle, I can feel my orgasm building. I bite down on Flynn's shoulder to muffle the scream that is about to escape my throat.
I feel Flynn laughing before I hear it and I feel my face heat up. He presses me again the shower wall and rests his chin on my shoulder before whispering, “you know you can scream all you want no one is going to hear you, my closest neighbor is more than a mile away.” 
I didn't know what to say so I just said, “I need to get supper out of the oven.”
Flynn carried me into the bedroom and placed me on the bed. Taking a step back he said, “I don't think your legs are going to let you do that.” He went back into the bathroom and returned with some towels. He places them on the bed beside me and took one to wrap around his waist before heading out to the kitchen to take care of things.
I still sat on the bed when Flynn returned. I was still reeling from the A-MAZ-ING sex in the shower. Flynn knelt in front of me with a towel and started to dry me off. A few moments later he was telling me to lye back. I did as I was told and he proceeded to dry me off. I hear him shift in front of me and then I feel his hands lightly pushing my legs apart. The next thing I know he is stroking and licking me with his tongue. I grabbed the comforter with both hands. What Flynn was doing with his tongue was magical, but before long I was wanting so, so, so much more. I was begging him, “Flynn, please, oh please.” 
Flynn stopped got up, picked me up and tossed me back further onto the bed before crawling his way up between my legs. He picked both my legs up, spread them and push them up toward my head and said, “You want more? Do you need more? Do you want me? Do you want all of me?”
I couldn't help myself I yelled in return, “YES, YES, YES, ALL OF YOU. NOW!” I no sooner got the last word out than he slammed home inside of me, and then started slow full strokes. I thought I was going to die. I looked at him and growled low in my throat and said, “Faster Flynn, faster.... harder, harder....” It was hard to speak as Flynn picked up the pace and as the orgasm took over. A few moments later I felt Flynn let go and then he slumped on top of me.
A few minutes later, Flynn got up off me and refastened the towel around his waist before offering his hand to help me up. He pulled one of his t-shirts from a drawer and helped me put it on. We made our way out to where the lasagna and garlic bread was waiting for us. I sat down in the chair that Flynn pulled out for me. He served us both before seating himself.


Chapter 12
Flynn

The start of the holiday seasons is just a week away. I couldn't help but wonder what Cait was going to do. If she was planning on spending it with family, if she was planning on inviting me. This would be my second Thanksgiving and Christmas alone. I spent last year alone only because I wasn't really speaking to anyone not even Zak after Grandma passing away. I planned on and was completely happy with spending the holidays alone. It isn't a very cheerful time for me and I would hate to ruin someone's joy of the season.
Maybe it was time that I stepped out of the funk and be the one to do the inviting. My cabin isn't very big, but its plenty big enough to invite the few friends I have. The more I thought about it the more I was liking the idea. I wouldn't take their holiday, but maybe the day after so my own pain would be less.
I sat down at my PC and started working on the invitations. I needed to get them done today, so they aren't going to be anything fancy. I typed out the information: where, the date and the time frame. At the bottom I included directions and a quick note letting them know that they didn't need to bring anything. I would have the day before and most of the day of the get together to get everything done. 
I didn't need to worry about the shop it would be closed from Wednesday to Tuesday. When Zak and I opened the shop we agreed that Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years was the only time we would close down the shop. Any other time we had to make sure one of us could run the shop if the other needed off for whatever reason. It was pretty easy since we were the owners and it helped that we had been friends since were kids.
After printing out the four invitations I headed into town. I stopped off and gave one to Jami at Danish Delights and asked her to pass Cait's to her. Next I stopped at Karl's and gave Marge one for Karl and her. With none left but Zak's I headed on to the shop.
Zak was on the phone when I got there so I dropped the invitation in front of him. He took a moment to read it and gave me a thumbs up. I walked away to open up for the day. 
I had just made it to counter when I heard the front door open. Turning around a middle aged man ran up to me with his laptop in hand. “Sir?” He paused to catch his breath. “Sir, could you help me please?” He finally got out. 
“I can see what I can do. What seams to be the problem?”
He sets the laptop in front of me and brings up his briefcase and sets it alongside the laptop before opening it and retrieving a hard drive. Handing me the hard drive he said, “I need the information on this drive put on my laptop. Is that something you can do?”
I loved easy. I took the hard drive and answered the man, “Yes I can, I just need to get a cable from the back. Please turn on your laptop and I'll be right back.”
I stepped into the back and Zak had the data cable already in hand, he handed it to me and went back to the customer on the phone.
 	Thirty minutes later Mr. Chase was walking out a happy man. I had explained that he could keep the hard drive and use it as a back up, but he said that it was fine and that I could do whatever I wanted with it. I thanked him and he handed me a twenty and walked away. I learned long ago that you didn't argue with a customer so I just stuck with explaining, if they let me, and then let them decided what to do.
The day continued on with easy stuff; data transfers, replacement parts, I even showed one older gentleman the basics of his laptop. I wrote down some things and gave him the phone number to the shop so he could call if he ran into any more problems.
Before heading home I needed to stop at the local grocery store and get the items I needed for the holiday meal. This will be my first time cooking all the holiday specials I hope I remember everything. It was a good thing I had all of Grandma's recipes and cookbooks. I had a feeling I was going to need them. Dessert wouldn't be a problem, I had Grandma's pies down pat. I planned on making them the day before and some of the sides because the turkey and ham would take up the ovens the day everyone was going to show up.

It was Wednesday before I knew it and I was still not certain if I should have done this whole get together thing. I picked up my phone and called Marge. She picked up and said HELLO. I took a breath and began. “Marge, I need a favor. Could you come over early on Friday? I have a feeling I'm gonna need some help.”
I held my breath until I heard her giggle, god how could a woman as old as Marge sound like a little school girl? She replied between giggles, “I'm sorry Flynn, Karl's being frisky.” That was something I didn't need to know. “Yes dear, I'll be there noon early enough?”
I thought for a moment then said, “That should be fine. I'll be up by nine so if you get here earlier that's okay. Karl can watch TV while you are giving me a hand in the kitchen.
She giggled again and said, “Done. We'll be there by noon. Don't you worry it will be a splendid meal.”
She hung up but not before I heard her squeal. I couldn't help but laugh and then I thought, I hope Cait and I are like that at Marge and Karl's age. That made me pause for a minute, is that what I really want? And if so why haven't I asked Cait already? It's too soon that's why or at least that's what I tell myself.


Caitlin

I had just got my first shipment in of my novel fresh off the press. The first two books out of the box I took with me to my desk. These books would be for Jami and Flynn. I had been working hard on my next novel, but I had come to a stopping point mainly because I felt my own relationship was at a stand still. I still wasn't sure if I was even going to tell anyone about it. I was thinking of just getting a few printed up for personal gifts for friends and family.
I sitting at my desk with the two books, I open the front cover of the first book and I pen the first dedication: TO MY BEST FRIEND JAMI LYNN KAESER, THANK YOU FOR ALWAYS BEING THERE, FOR ALWAYS PUSHING ME IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION AND FOR KICKING ME IN THE ASS WHEN I WOULD GET STUCK, OR START TO GO THE WRONG WAY. THERE IS NO BETTER FRIEND THAN YOU! I sign it with a heart and simply Kat.
Writing in Jami's book was the easy one, I had no idea what to put in Flynn's. I sat at my desk for what seamed like forever before it came to me. I opened the book that would be Flynn's and wrote my dedication to him: FOR EACH PETAL ON THE SHAMROCK THIS BRINGS A WISH YOUR WAY. GOOD HEALTH, GOOD LUCK, AND HAPPINESS, FOR TODAY AND EVERYDAY. YOU STOLE MY HEART THAT FIRST DAY, I LOVE YOU MORE THAN YOU KNOW. I finish with simply, Love Caitlin.
I leaned back in my chair and reread what I just wrote and smiled. I then proceeded to reach in the top drawer of my desk and removed a tube of lipstick. It had been forever since I wore my black lipstick it was a side of me that I had been hiding. I applied the lipstick and kissed right below what I had wrote to Flynn in his book.

I headed out just before noon knowing Jami would have the bakery closed for her lunch. I stopped in and left Flynn's book with Zak. I had brought an extra with me in case Zak wanted a copy. When I was standing at the counter I decided to just give him the copy. On the inside cover I simply wrote: ZAK, A MAN OF FEW WORDS, LOTS OF ACTION AND A BIG HEART. THE MAN WHO SAVED THE LOVE OF MY LIFE. I sign with xoxoxo, Caitlin.
I watched as he opened and read what I wrote I thought I saw a tear form in his eye. He looked up from the book walked around the counter and pulled me into a big bear hug. Before releasing me he whispered, “Thank you,” and then he kissed my cheek. 
I had wrapped Flynn's book in an old paper bag so it would be a bit of a surprise for him. I walked out of the shop and headed to spend a hour with my best friend.
It never failed after visiting with Jami I always felt so much better and this visit was no different. She was so happy to get my book even though she always got to read my manuscripts before my editor did. I valued Jami's opinion of my stories. I had no idea if Zak would read it but I kind of hope that he will. I'd like a fresh opinion. If I was a betting person I'd bet on Flynn reading it.
While I was with Jami she gave me Flynn's invitation for this coming Friday. I was heading home to mom and dad for Thanksgiving they always throw big get together for Thanksgiving and Christmas.
I was currently sitting in Karl's for a quick bite to eat. Marge had just taken my order and while waiting I decided to text Flynn my answer to his invitation. I WOULD BE MORE THAN HAPPY TO JOIN YOU ON FRIDAY. CAN I BRING ANYTHING? I hit send just as Marge returned with my drink. A few seconds later he replied: JUST YOURSELF, I'VE GOT EVERYTHING COVERED. GOT YOUR NOVEL I PLAN TO START READING IT TONIGHT. I couldn't help but smile at Flynn's text and thought I wouldn't expect anything less from him. 
Marge brought my burger and fries, but instead of leaving she took a seat across from me. She reached across the table and took my hand before saying, “This diner at Flynn's means a lot to him even if he doesn't say so. You are going, right?”
I smiled up at her and said, “Of course I'm going, I just got done letting him know.” I wanted to invite him to my parents for the holiday but had a feeling he would turn me down. Marge went to get up but I stopped her by grabbing her hand. She settled back down and I asked, “If I were to invite Flynn to my go with me to my parents for Thanksgiving do you think he'd go?”
Marge took my hand in both of hers and patted the top of mine. “All you can do is ask, hun. I couldn't say for certain. Ask him, what's the worse he can say? No?”
“Thank you.” I said and left her get back to the other customers. 
I was in the middle of eating my burger when the person that had been on my mind all day so far whispered in my ear, Hug Leanbhiv, and kissed my cheek before motioning for me to scoot over. He no sooner sat down and I felt his hand on my thigh and it was a warm hand at that.
I put my hand on top of his before he could slide it up any further, we were in the diner after all. “Nice to see you too,” I said with a giggle. And when I turned my head to look at him he leaned in and kissed me.
He winked at me and said, “I can't stay, I saw your car out front and decided to stop in and kiss you.” And with that he was gone. I watched him stop at the counter to pick up a bag that was more than likely to go meals for Zak and him.
I waited a few minutes before texting him: WOULD YOU LIKE TO JOIN ME AT MY PARENTS HOUSE FOR THANKSGIVING? I waited to send it because I was hoping he would be driving and would get to it once he was back at the shop. I was pretty sure on his answer, but like Marge said all I could do was ask. 


Flynn

I just hate the holidays, I wouldn't even stay with the woman I love because I didn't want to have to answer her in person if she asked me to join her for the holiday. Now here I sat staring at her text message asking me just that. I had told Zak I forgot something when I read her text and returned to my truck. I have no idea how long I've been sitting here and I'm pretty sure Zak has looked out twice. 
I look up at the back door to the shop and Zak is just standing there looking my direction. I nod at him and climb out of my truck. I prepare myself because I know he's gonna ask, maybe I should just talk to him.
We both step inside and before Zak could ask I say, “Cait wants me to go with her to her folks for Thanksgiving.”
“Jami asked me the the same thing.” He says.
I didn't expect that then I saw the look on his face. “What did you tell her?”
Zak turns and pulls out a chair from the small table we have in the back of the shop before answering. “I told her no, that we haven't known each other long enough yet. Which you and I both know is a bunch of shit.”
I nod my head in acknowledgment and take a seat in the other chair. “I know I should go with Cait, but I can't, not yet.”
“Aren't we just a couple of fuck ups?” Zak says.
“Yea I guess we are.”
“Well you need to tell her Flynn, don't let her hanging, get it over with.” He says as he gets up and heads into the next room.
I pull out my phone and text her what I hope Cait is expecting. I'M SO SORRY CAITLIN, BUT I CAN'T. I HOPE YOU UNDERSTAND.
It wasn't long before her reply was displayed in front of me to read. I DO. NO WORRIES. I'LL SEE YOU ON FRIDAY. I THINK I'LL HEAD UP TO MY PARENTS EARLY SPEND A FEW EXTRA DAYS WITH THEM. My heart was breaking for her, I knew I had hurt her, but all I could think is, it's better than going with her and making a bad impression in front of her parents. She deserved me better than that.


I haven't heard from Caitlin since Monday, and I couldn't help but worry just a little bit. I figured if anything happened I would know by now. 
I have enough to do today that I should be kept busy most of the day. I needed to get the pies and the cake done today so the ovens will be free for the ham and turkey tomorrow.
Climbing out of bed I head into the bathroom. I splash some water on my face to help me wake up. I open all the windows so not only can the place air out and to let the freshness of mother nature in, but also so the place doesn't get too hot with the ovens going.


Chapter 13
Caitlin

I kept telling myself that I not hurt, that I really had expected Flynn's answer, but who was I kidding I was hurt. I hadn't planned on leaving for my parents until Wednesday, but when I read Flynn's answer I just flung some clothes in my suitcase, packed what snacks I had in a cloth sack I had lying around and rounded up Salem and left. I didn't even let Jami know until I was well on my way. And when I did call her, I just told her that I headed out early to spend a little extra time with my parents. I told her not to worry that I'd see her Friday at Flynn's.
Instead of going directly to my parents I pulled to side of the road and called the Holiday Inn Express in Beatrice. I needed time to myself away from everything, away for anything that could remind me of Flynn. I would head to mom and dad's Wednesday evening so I rented the room until then.
I decided it would be like a mini vacation for me. I would take advantage of everything the Inn provides including the indoor pool. The Inn was also pet friendly so that was a bonus. Salem would be spoiled too. 
As I was gathering my stuff an employee of the Inn was walking by and offered a hand. “Good afternoon Ma'am. Can I help you with anything?”
I looked over my should and was struck by his eyes, they seemed so sad. I gathered Salem in my arms and the snack bag and stood up before replying. “Could you grab my suitcase from the back seat?” The young man didn't say anything just opened the back door and retrieved my suitcase.
We walked in silence into the Inn and too the front desk. After checking in and getting my door key the young man continued on with me carrying my suitcase to my room. I handed him the key card to the room and he proceeded to open the door for me. “If you wouldn't mind could you please take my suitcase into the bedroom?” He did so without a word.
When he returned I handed him a twenty and thanked him for his help. He started to leave, but turned around and said, “Thank you, Ma'am, you are very generous. Is there anything else I can do for you?”
The sadness was even in his voice, before I could stop myself I said, “Would you like to talk? You seem to have something heavy resting on your shoulders. I'm a really good listener.”
He dropped his head even further and I heard a sob escape. I gathered him in my arms and hugged him tight. When I did this he just broke down. I led him over to the couch in the living room and sat him down. He was now resting his head on my shoulder with his arms wrapped around my waist just full out crying. My heart was breaking for this young man. I tried again, “Would you like to talk?”
He pulled away and sat up and set about wiping the tears from his face. I handed the box of tissues from the coffee table to him and waited.
After a few minutes and when he had himself back under control he said. “You are very kind, very caring, very thoughtful and I really shouldn't burden you with my troubles.”
 “I wouldn't have asked if I wasn't willing to give you a shoulder. Everyone deserves to be able to let go. Why don't you start with your name.” I sat and waited for what he would say next. I could feel that his heart was breaking.
“George, George is my name, Ma'am.”
“Please, call me Caitlin.” I said. It was then that Salem came up and curled up between us. It surprised me because Salem always kept his distance when it came to strangers.
Minutes stretched into hours as George told me how he not only was just dumped by his girl friend but his little sister just died from cancer. He cried a few more times, before he stood and thanked me once again. 
Before he left I invited him to return to have supper with me tonight. He politely declined saying that he would be working. I then extended the invitation for him to stop by anytime that I'd be here until Wednesday evening.
He hugged me and kissed me on the cheek before turning and opened the door. Before stepped thru he turned back to me and said. “Maybe if I stop by again I can return the shoulder. I get the feeling you could use a good cry too.” And with that he turned and left closing the door behind him.
It was close to midnight when I decided to make use of the hotel pool. I made sure Salem had what he needed and made my way to the pool. I was hoping by waiting and going at such a late hour that I'd have the pool to myself. I stepped thru the double doors and was relieved to see that I did indeed have the pool to myself. 
Since the stay at the Inn was a spur of the moment type thing I hadn't packed my swimsuit so I opted for some shorty shorts and a sports bra, both fit snugly so they wouldn't give any resistance in the pool. I needed the workout and there was nothing like a few dozen laps in the pool to do just that.
I had just got done with my second dozen of laps and was taking a break when I heard someone enter the area. Without looking I said, “I was just leaving, its all yours.” I didn't want to leave I wanted to do at least another dozen laps.
Before I could stand up a familiar voice said, “Please don't leave because of me. I have no problems sharing.” It was George. I glance over towards the doors and watched as he removed his robe and my breath caught. If I wasn't madly in love with Flynn I would definitely jump on that. I watched as he walked to the deep end and dived in and continued to watch has he glided thru the water like he was born to be there. He was covering the length of the pool in seconds. It was a beautiful thing seeing a body one with water.
He finished what must have been ten laps before turning and floated up to me. “Want to join me for a few laps?” When I didn't say anything he raised his hand and ran a finger down my cheek then gently grabbed my chin and gave it a little shake.
I looked up at him and then lowered my eyes to his chest before saying, “Sure, how many do you want to do?”
I watched as he brought his lips to mine. I should have smack him. I should have stopped it. I wasn't sure why I didn't. It was however just a quick peck on the lips. He didn't try to deepen the kiss or pull me closer or anything.
I looked back up at him and before I could say anything he said, “Thank you for earlier, it meant a lot. I know we are complete strangers, but I wanted to thank you.” I tried to say something but he cut me off with, “Please don't read anything more into the kiss it was just meant as a thank you and you looked like you could use it. If it helps think of it as a son kissing his mother, just a show of love nothing more.”
I put my finger over his lips to shut him up so I could get a word in. “George, you just took me by surprise is all and not just with the kiss. You have a gorgeous body and I was mesmerized by the way you are one with the water. Not many people have that. It's rare, and just so we are clear I have a boyfriend and I love him very much. I just wanted to put that out there.”
“Okay then. Laps?” He said as he headed turned to start a lap.
“Sure, I think I have a dozen or more in me.”
We made lap after lap together. After another two dozen laps I stopped and climbed out of the pool. George swam up to the end and watched me. I pulled my robe on and tied it shut. Turning back to George I said, “That was fun, thank you.”
“You are most welcome. Enjoy the rest of your stay at the Holiday Inn.” He said with a smile.
I made my way back to my room with a smile on my own lips. If I hadn't already been involved with Flynn.... George was very tempting. Shaking my head I stepped into my room. After removing my wet clothes and hanging them in the bathroom to dry, I dressed in a pair of panties and a t-shirt. I sank down into the king size bed and before I knew it my eyes grew heavy and I just gave into slumber.

Wednesday came way too soon and I was checking out. I needed to head to mom and dad's. I was leaving the parking lot when I saw George walking towards me. I pulled up to him and rolled my window down. He leaned down and rest his arms on the door. He went to lean in and I turned my head so his kiss landed on my cheek instead of my lips. I sighed. I looked back at him and said, “George, please, I really do love my boyfriend. And you are still hurting from your lost love. Take time for yourself, I'm glad I could listen and be there for you, but I can't be anything more than a friend.” I put my hand on top of his and wait for his reply.
He smiled and shook his head. “You really are amazing Caitlin. I hope your boyfriend knows what he has. If things don't work out you know where to find me.” He handed me a business card and headed toward the Inn. I looked down at the card and read: GEORGE SULLIVAN, HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS, BEATRICE, NE, OWNER / MANAGER.
I reached in the box on the floor and pulled out one of my novels. I pulled up alongside George again and said, “Hey.” He stopped and turned towards me. I opened the book and wrote: THANKS FOR THE GREAT TIME. HERE'S HOPING YOU FIND YOUR HEROINE. I signed it with my cell number and headed it to him and said, “Thanks for everything. This is who I am. If you don't like romance I hope you give it a try for me.”
He took my book, opened it and read what I had wrote inside. He shook his head a little and then looked at me and smiled. “For you Caitlin I would lasso the moon. Safe travels.” And with a wave I watched him walk away and I whispered, Flynn you better not fuck this up or I just might have to come back here and take George up on his offer. I pull out of the inn's parking lot and head to my folks' place. Another thought occurs to me, this is going to be a really, really long Thanksgiving.


Flynn

Marge and Karl had knocked on my door a little after nine this morning, Zak showed up about an hour later. Now Marge was in my kitchen with me and we were going over everything for the third time. Zak sat in the living room with Karl, they were watching some fishing show on TV. The only ones left to show up are Jami and Caitlin. Zak had told me at the door when I left him in that Jami would be joining us later. I was hoping that meant that she was waiting on Caitlin. 
Caitlin hadn't called at all since Monday and the only text I got since then was that she would be returning this morning. I had sent up a little prayer for her to make it home safely. I didn't even care if she in the end decided she didn't want to come over tonight.
Everything was done, but the turkey and ham, Marge and I had agreed not to put the turkey in until around two and the ham later so they wouldn't sit to long before we ate.
It had just ticked pass noon and still no signs of Jami or Caitlin. I had excused myself and went into my bedroom. I stood with my back to the door mentally kicking myself, wondering if I had totally messed things up with Cait. Maybe I should have explained better or maybe I should have just bit the bullet and went with her to her folks for the holiday.
I needed to be alone and being in my own house right now wasn't the place. I didn't say a word to anyone, I just grabbed my coat and walked out. I thought I heard Zak say something, but I kept going. If he wanted me he would follow. I didn't really care I just needed to be alone. I zipped up my coat to the top and then flipped the collar up to defend against the cold winds and just started walking.
The bitter winds bit into my cheeks, but I continued to walk not even paying attention to where I was going. I didn't really have to worry about it because it would take a while to reach s property owned by someone else. Twenty-five acres wasn't a lot but it was when you were on foot.
I didn't know how far I had walked until I looked around. When I realized where I had walked to I felt the tears break free. I had walked to Grandma's favorite spot on the land. She had only brought me here a few times and I remember her telling me that if I ever needed to be alone that this was the place. This place was where a stream  ran thru the property. The water had made a small pond from falling off the rock ledge from above. It was about eight feet in diameter and about four feet deep right under where the water came down off the ledge. 
There hadn't been any rain in the past week or so, so the stream was small but steady. I climbed up to the ledge and sat down and just watched the water flow. The soothing sounds of the water was very calming, but still the tears slid down my cheeks. It had been a long time since I gave into them. I hadn't cried since Grandma died. However the tears that ran down my face were not for Grandma or even Tina, but for Caitlin and the fear that I had really hurt her.
I had no idea how long I had sat in that same spot. I had no idea how long I had been lost in thought, not hearing or seeing anything around me. It wasn't until I felt something on my shoulder and then the shake that followed. I looked up and saw the only person that would dare to follow me, Zak. “How long have I been gone? Or should I ask how long have you been here?”
“If your asking if I followed you like a puppy the answer is no. I didn't track you down until you didn't return after an hour. I didn't hear your truck or bike start-up so I knew you were on foot. But after an hour and a half,and with Marge and Karl asking for the hundredth time if you were alright I couldn't keep saying, he's fine, so here I am.” Zak offered his hand in helping me up, but I waved it away.
“I'm sorry I left you holding the bag back at the house, but I needed this. I hope you know you didn't need to worry.” I walked over and leaned again a tree. Zak did the same.
“I wasn't worried, at least I wouldn't have been until you reached the three hour mark and hadn't returned, then I would have come found you and kicked your ass.” 
“So how freaked out are Marge and Karl?” I asked.
“Karl seems to be okay, he was comforting Marge when I told them I'd come look for you. I told them not to worry.” Zak pulled his pipe from his inside pocket, packed it with tobacco and lit it. I pulled the pack of cigarettes from my jacket and before I could get my liter out Zak step forward and lit it for me.
It was a few minutes later when Zak's cell rang. I listened to his side of the conversation. All I could make out is that it was Jami that he was talking to. When he hung up with her he informed me that she was on her way as soon as she locked up Danish Delights. I asked him if she had said anything about Caitlin being with her. Zak just shrugged his shoulders and simply said, “Sorry dude.”
We were close enough to see my place when we see a car pull in my drive way. Zak says to me that it's Jami and he jogs ahead to meet her. I stopped and just watch Zak and Jami embrace and then kiss like there's no tomorrow. But for Zak that would be normal, ever since he came back from over seas and his time in the military he only lived for the day.
It wasn't until Zak yelled at me that I continued forward even though I'd rather be anywhere but there at the moment. When I was just about to them Jami ran to me and wrapped me in a hug and all I could do was look at Zak. He just smiled and shrugged again. I lightheartedly returned Jami's hug. Before Jami stepped back she whispered, “Don't worry, she'll be here.”
I wanted to believe her, but I just couldn't until I saw her with my own eyes. Jami returned to Zak's side and we made our way inside.
Marge was in the kitchen putting the turkey in when I joined her. I stopped her and took the turkey from her and proceeded to put it in the oven. Standing back up I came face to face with a very upset Marge. In that moment she reminded me so much of Grandma. I saw her hand come up and then she left it drop. Then she said, “Bedroom, NOW!” I hadn't been scolded by an older woman in a long time, but it was a look you never forget.
Once in my bedroom, Marge slowly and quietly shut the door and turned on her heal. She walked up to my side and cracked me across the back of my head. I couldn't help the smurky smile that spread across my face. The next thing I knew I was being led to the bed by my ear. I had never seen Marge this way I knew I shouldn't laugh, but it was comical to me. She stopped alongside my bed and order. “SIT.” I start to say something and she cut me off. “No talking. You get to listen, then you can talk. And wipe that smile off your face.” I brought my hand up to cover my mouth and to muffle the laugh.
She cracked me across the back of my head again and then laid into me. “Flynn Michael MacQuade, don't you EVER make me worry like that again. Do you hear me?” I nodded. “Good. Now what the hell is wrong with you, going off in the dead of winter like that? You could have died out there. If Ethel was here she'd tan your hide. Where do you get off worrying an old woman like that.” She stood with her hands on her hips tapping her foot.
I look up at her and cover my mouth because this is not the Marge I know and it's just so funny to see her so flustered. I swallow the laugh threatening to escape before standing and wrapping her in my arms. I lean down and whisper, “You really need to stop the whole mad thing, it's not you and it doesn't hide your concern very well.” I tighten my arms around her and I feel the sobs start. Great I've went make an old woman cry, if I could kick my own ass I would.
I moved her closer to the bed and we sat down. I pull her back into my embrace against my side. Her sobs came slower I hand her my handkerchief and say. “I'm sorry Margie. Things will be better especially if Caitlin shows up.”
Marge leaned away from me and blew her nose before looking up at me and saying, “What have you done?” 
I look away from the only woman that I could freely open my heart too. “I should have went with Cait to her folk's yesterday, but I chickened out and told her that I couldn't and that I hoped she understood. That was Monday, she hasn't called and the only text I've gotten from her is that she was coming home this morning. I know there's still a few hours before she's expected to be here, but I just have this feeling that I screwed up.”
“Flynn, my boy, you think too much. She was spending time with her family, family that she probably hasn't seen in a year. Maybe she is mad at you, but more than likely she's not sure what to say to you. Is she aware of Ethel, how much the holidays meant to her and you?”
“No, I haven't told her a lot about my family except that they are all dead.” I look over at Marge and see her just shaking her head.
“Sounds like you two need to spend sometime together. A relationship can't grow unless you talk and learn about one another.” Marge got up then and stood in front of me. “Take a few minutes to get yourself together and then come on out and join the rest of us. This is your party so stop being the the party poo-per!” With that she walked away leaving me alone in my bedroom. She even shut the door behind her and I would bet that she would stop anyone one from coming in here.
I was still sitting there when I heard the bedroom door open without looking I just said, “I'm coming Margie just give me a few more minutes.” No one said anything in return so I figured that she left. I put my head back in my hands, I needed to join my guesses, but I just couldn't make my body move.
The next thing I knew I was tackled, instinctively my arms wrapped around the person and then I heard her giggle. I just buried my nose into her neck and cried. She tried to move but I would let her. I just tightened my arms around her and held on. When I found my voice it was a whisper, “I didn't think you were coming, I thought I had messed things up between us.” And the tears continued to fall.
Later when the tears had subsided I roll to my side taking Cait with me and letting her go. She kisses me not once but twice before taking it deeper. She slipped her tongue between my lips and begins seeking mine to play with. When we part we are both short of breath and smiling. She reaches up and wipes away the remaining tears and then kisses each cheek. She reaches pass and behind me pressing herself against me and I drop my head so my face is cradled between her breasts and I breath in her scent. She stays there for awhile before moving back pulling a pillow to and under our heads.
She's smiling at me, but still hasn't said a word. “Thank you for com...” 
Caitlin put her finger to my lips silencing me. “Shh. I'm here now. I missed you.”
I try to speak again, “I'm ju...” but she stops me again.
This time she silences me with a quick kiss before saying. “Please just listen, I need to tell you this and I want you to have an open mind.” I nod letting her know that she had my undivided attention. She continues. “Flynn, I came here tonight because I love you. I realized just how much these past few days. When I left here on Monday I was upset. I didn't go to my parent right away, so I stay at a hotel in Beatrice for a few days. While there I met George. We talked cried on each others shoulders so to speak. He kissed me once, I told him I was in a serious relationship and he apologized and back away. I left the next day and spent the rest of the time at my parents. I did mention you to my parents but that's all. They know we are dating and have been for a while. They are coming down for Christmas and I hope by then you'll be ready to meet them.”
“Can I speak now?” I ask. She shakes her head yes so I continue. “I'm sorry I didn't go with you, I should have, it was selfish of me not to go. Thank you for telling me about this George person, but it doesn't matter you are here in my arms, loving me, holding me, kissing me. You picked me and I'm so grateful for that.” I lean down and kiss her long and lovingly. “Ready to join everyone else? This is my shindig and as I was told by a certain elderly woman I shouldn't be a party poo-per at my own party.” I stand up and off a hand to Caitlin pulling her up against me and hug her tight and kiss her again before we walk out to be with everyone else.
When we stepped out of the bedroom Marge and Zak were in the kitchen preparing the ham for the oven. I whispered to Cait to go sit down and I went to relieve Marge and Zak from doing what I should have done. “Thank you both, but you both can go join the others. I'll finish up here.” Marge turned to me, kissed my cheek and went to join the others. Zak just looked at me and nodded. I nodded back and he left and took a seat beside Jami. After putting the ham in the oven I joined everyone in the living room. There was no where left to sit so I sat on the floor between Cait's legs. She leaned forward and wrapped her arms around my neck and then kissed my cheek before whispering, “I love you.” in my ear.


Caitlin

Thanksgiving with my parents was pleasant as always. They were very interested in Flynn, but I kept things light not giving too much away. I didn't want to say anything that would make Flynn look bad. When they told me that they were planning to come to my place for Christmas it was a shock and of course I couldn't deny them so I agreed. Now I had to plan a Christmas meal I really didn't mind I just hoped Flynn would agree to be there.
When I reached his place and after Zak and Marge were thru telling everything that had happen I wasted no time making my way into Flynn's bedroom and into his arms. I hadn't planned on telling about George, but I didn't want to hide it either. It was just a kiss but still, I felt he should know about it. When I mentioned my parents were coming down for Christmas I felt him tense up a little, but it pasted just as quick. I hadn't expected him to react so well to the kiss with George, but was glad that he did. He hadn't even said anything, it was like I hadn't even told him. I had expected jealousy, what I got was nothing. I wasn't sure if that was good or bad. I just left it go and figured we'd deal with it if it ever came up again.
Soon everyone was laughing and sharing stories, even throughout the meal the stories continued. Most of them were told my Marge and Karl, but I don't think any of us really minded. The rest of us got one or two in, even Flynn and Zak told at least one.
There was so much food leftover that everyone was able to take some home. I went out to move my car out of the way so others could leave, I was hoping to spend some time alone with Flynn. As I was headed back in everyone else was on their way out. Marge hugged me tight and whispered, “Don't give up on him,” and left me go only be gathered into Karl's embrace. He whispered to me, “He needs you more than you know.” I just nodded and smiled up at him when he left me go. 
As I stepped up on the porch Zak and Jami came out. I stepped to the side giving them room. Jami gave me a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek. As she stepped away she said, “Glad you could make it.” Then I heard her giggle as Zak wrapped his arms around me picked me up and spun me around. After setting me back down on my feet he join Jami and looked back at Flynn and I and said, “Don't fuck it up!” I wasn't sure who he was talking to, but it felt like he meant it to both of us.
I stood there long after everyone had left just looking down the driveway. I didn't hear Flynn come out onto the porch, I didn't even remember he was there until he gathered me into his arms and against his chest. We just stood there for a while in each others embrace. Finally, Flynn said, “Let's go inside,” and he led me inside and back to the couch in his living room.

Chapter 14
Flynn

Caitlin has been the only thing I can think about for the last week. I can't help but wonder if I could have lost her to George. I can't even get mad at the guy. The only anger I feel is towards myself. I count myself damn lucky to still have her and over the last week I have come to realize I don't want to loose her. 
I haven't told anyone not even Zak and I don't plan too. I want it to be a complete surprise to Caitlin. I may end up telling Marge, but I'm hoping to get around it. I did need a favor from Marge and Karl and I was hoping that they wouldn't ask to many questions.
I needed to keep the ball rolling so to speak, before I chicken out, getting off my Harley I walk into the diner to ask the favor.
As I step inside there's only one other person and they seem to be taken care of at the moment. I walk up to the counter as Marge comes out from the back all smiles as usual.
“How's the sweetest woman in town today?” I ask as I stand there. 
Marge blushes as usual and swats my arm and she replies with, “As sweet as sweet potato pie. What can I get for you tiger?”
“I was wondering if I could speak to both you and Karl for a moment.”
Marge hollers over at the customer to see if they are okay at the moment and when they nod their head that they are she says, “Come on back, hun,” and she leads me into the kitchen.
I waste no time in putting my plans into action. I give them as little details as possible as to why I need the diner this Thursday. We end up negotiating that they'll close two hours early and that Marge gets to help with whatever I'm doing. I don't really have a choice so I agree, hug them both and toss over my shoulder, “See you Thursday night,” as I walk out of the kitchen and out of the diner on my way to my next step of business.
Five minutes later I'm walking into the local flower shop. In twenty minutes things are squared away here. As I leave the florist, with a spring in my step as light as my wallet, and a smile on my face knowing I'm one step closer to Thursday night and on my way to my next stop.
Just before I'm about to start my Harley and head out to Lincoln I hear a rumble and look up and off in the distance in the direction I'll be traveling I see the dark clouds approaching. I shake my head and smile, even these dark clouds and turn of the weather can't dull my mood. I start my Harley and head home, looks like I'll be taking the truck. I don't mind getting a little wet riding, but Lincoln is a long way away.
I pull the Harley into the garage and jump in my truck, as I'm shutting the door my phone chimes. I take it out of my pocket and see a text from Caitlin. YOUR FEET WILL BRING YOU WHERE YOUR HEART IS. I smile and send her a reply. MARRY A MOUNTAIN GIRL AND YOU MARRY THE WHOLE MOUNTAIN. I chuckle as I start my truck and pull out of the garage.
As I'm cruising up Hwy 77 My Wild Irish Rose comes on the radio. I reach over and turn up the volume and there's a smile spreading across my face once again.
I'm pulling up in front of Kay's when I realize that I have no idea what size ring I need. Not wanting to ask Caitlin I pull out my phone and call the only other person that might just know what size I need, Jami.
The phone rings twice before I hear it pick up. When I hear Jami's voice I release the breath I wasn't aware that I had been holding. “Hello, Jami. Is Caitlin there?” I silently pray that she's not.
“She is...”
SHIT! Okay think, think, think... I cut her off before she can say anything else. “Okay, it's Flynn, don't tell her it's me. Just please answer my question. Okay?” I wait for her reply.
“Okay?”
I can hear her own question in her reply. “My next question will answer all your questions you probably have running thru your head. Do you know Caitlin's ring size?” I hear her quick intake of breath and I smile. It seems like forever before she answers and I hear Caitlin in the back round asking who it is and if she's okay. I pray that she can keep this to herself. I hear Jami tell Caitlin that everything is fine that it's just a customer with an order.
I hear her clear her throat and say. “Nine.” A few seconds later I can barely hear her, but she says, “Don't break her heart or you'll be answering to me.”
I don't even have to think the words just tumble out of my mouth. “I love her, Jami. You have nothing to worry about. I'm sitting outside Kay's in Lincoln.” Before I hang up I add. “Oh, and be free Thursday night and be at Karl's at Eight.” All she says is okay and hangs up.
Before heading into Kay's I send Cait a quick text. ARE YOU MY MOUNTAIN GIRL? Her reply comes seconds later. YES! I text back. OKAY. I pocket my phone and head into Kay's.
An hour later I'm staying at the counter trying to decide between three different rings. Who knew it would be so hard to pick a ring for the woman I love. In the end I pick the one that has three diamonds each surrounded by small peridots. I pay, tuck the small velvet box in my pocket, and head home.

Zak

I'm about to break for lunch when the phone rings. I pick it up as I head to the front door to flip the sign and lock the door. “F & Z's PC Repair, this is Zak. What can I help you with today?”
“Good day Sir, I'm Officer John Sariski from the Lincoln Police Department. Do you have a Flynn MacQuade that works for you?”
For some reason my heart sinks into my stomach. “Flynn is my business partner. He's not in today, is there something I can help you with?”
“We are trying to reach his next of kin. We believe he was in an accident about an hour ago.”
“Flynn doesn't have any family his last known family member died last year. You said you believe, do you not know if he was or was not involved in the accident?”
“Sir, all we know is, it is his truck, the hospital trauma team didn't find any identification on him. We have searched his truck and have only found papers and the business card that I called this number from, so no we are not sure. Would you be willing verify if the man in Lincoln Surgical is Flynn MacQuade or not?”
“Yes, make sure I'm allowed to see him, names Lieutenant Zachary Zappa. I'll be there in about an hour.” I write down the name of the hospital and the officer's name as well as the phone numbers he rattles off to me.
I make a quick stop at home to slip into my camos before getting back on my hog and heading to the hospital. I think about calling and letting Cait know, but I want to be sure its Flynn, even though my gut is telling me it is.
   

Caitlin

I'm so happy for my best friend. Jami couldn't be happier, her face just glows when she gets orders. I'm so glad I decided to help her make her dreams come true. For as long as I can remember she has always wanted this, her own business doing what she loves. It once was my dream too, at least until I found my love of writing.
Jami shuts up shop and we head over to Karl's. We step into the diner and we no sooner sit down in our booth and Marge is at our table. I look up at her and there seems to be a glow about her. “Marge, how are you today? You seem happy.”
She bends down and gathers me into her embrace and kisses my cheek. She stands back up before saying, “It's such a lovely day. What can I get you two?”
After she steps away to get our drinks I lean around the booth to look outside to make sure it was dark and dreary outside, it had even rained earlier. I turn back to Jami and shrug, who am I to burst a kind old woman's bubble, apparently her mood has nothing to do with the weather.
Marge has just delivered our drinks when Jami's phone rings she says little and smiles over at me before hanging up. It's not a minute later and my own phone is ringing. I take it out of my pocket and look at the caller ID, seeing that it's Zak I look up at Jami and say, “It's Zak.” She just nods at me and I answer. “Hi Zak, what's up?”
I hear Zak clear this throat and what I think is a sniffle and for some reason I feel that I'm going to be sick. Before Zak can say anything the words leave my mouth. “Zak, what's wrong? Where are you? Jami's right here if you need to speak to her I...”
He finally speaks stopping my words and train of thought. “Cait, it's Flynn, there's been an accident. I'm standing outside the hospital right now. I've been in to verify it's him and to check on his status. Please come to Lincoln Surgical Hospital, I'll text you and Jami the address.”
The only word that comes out of my mouth is, what, and then Zak is speaking again. “Cait let Jami drive, you are in shock and unsafe to drive. I've already told her, so let her drive. I'll be by Flynn side until you get here.”
I hear Zak hang up and just lower my phone from my ear. Jami takes it from me and hangs it up. It's then that Marge shows up with our burgers, and it must be evident by the look on my face that something's wrong, because she asks, “What's wrong, sweetheart.” All I can do is look over at her, I have no idea what to say.
Jami stands up and leans into Marge and says something I can't hear, but as all color leaves her face I can guess Jami just told her about Flynn.
It only takes a few moments for Marge to regain her composure and she says, “I'll pack these up to go, just give me a minute.”
Jami turns to me and asks, “Is there anything you need to do before we head to Lincoln?”
I finally find my voice again and answer, “No,” but even that comes out no louder than a whisper.
Marge returns to our table with our meals already sacked up in a brown paper bag. She hands it to Jami and asks, “Where is he? We'll be closing as soon as possible and making the trip.”
Jami opens her phone and grabs a napkin and writes on it what I can only assume is the name, address and phone number of the hospital that Zak had text her. She hands the napkin to Marge and hugs her before saying. “Take your time, Cait and I are headed there now, Zak is currently with him.”
I slide out of the booth, bend down and pick up my purse. I gather my phone and drop it into my purse and start to head out of the diner. I need to get to Flynn. Before I can take two steps I'm in Marge's arms and the first tear slips from the corner of my eye as she whispers, “He's tough, he's going to be okay, you'll see. Karl and I will be along as soon as we can.” I just nod my head as she continues to hold me. Marge leans back to look at me and then she's wiping away the tears from my cheeks with her thumbs.
Once Marge steps away Jami slips her arm in mine and we walk out of the diner. We get to my SUV and Jami opens the passenger side door for me. Numbly, I get in and she shuts the door before walking around to the driver's side and slips behind the wheel. She holds out her hand and says, “Keys.” I just hand her my purse and rest my head back against the seat.


Jami

I've never seen Caitlin like this, not even when her dog died when we were children and she loved Midnite so much. Before starting Caitlin's SUV to head to the hospital I take a minute to just look at her. She seems so lost, like she's auto responding to me. And when Marge hugged her she was like a zombie, she just stood there with no emotion, no warmth. If it wasn't for the tears I would have thought she was cold and unfeeling, so unlike the Caitlin I grew up with.
Shaking myself I place the bag with our meals in it on the floor behind my legs along with Caitlin's purse and mine. Before turning the ignition I take one last look over at Caitlin, she's looks almost a sleep and then I see the tear slide down her cheek. Not knowing if she even hears me, I pat her knee and say, “Let's go see Flynn.” I send a quick text to Zak to let him know that we are on our way and I pull out of the parking space and head for US 77 that will take us to Lincoln.


Zak

I sit here by Flynn side feeling so helpless. I know there's nothing more anyone can do. It's all up to Flynn now. I take his hand between mine and rest my forehead again them and whisper, “Come on Flynn, it's not your time yet. You've got a beautiful woman waiting for you.” I hear someone enter the room and without lifting my head I say, “Nothing's changed.” As the person moves closer they reply. “I still need to check, Sir.”
I lay Flynn's hand back along side him and stand. I nod at the nurse and say as I walk out, “I'll be back in fifteen.” Instead of going to the waiting room I make my way outside hoping the cold winds will clear my head. I don't need the past clouding my judgment, not when it comes to Flynn.
I pull out my phone and call Officer Sariski for an update. He tells me that they found the driver of the other vehicle. He is in another hospital and as soon as he is cleared by the doctors he'll be arrested taken to jail. I update him on Flynn and thank him for all that he's done and hang up.
As I'm about to reenter the hospital I hear my name being called. I turn around, Jami and Caitlin are walking towards me. By the looks of things Jami is supporting Caitlin. As I walk towards them I just nod at Jami, she smiles but it's dull compared to her normal smiles she gives me. I stop and call out to Caitlin. “Caitlin, Flynn's going to be okay, he's...” Before I can say anymore Caitlin leaves Jami's side and lunges towards me. I enfold her into my embrace and look up to see Jami's smile and her nodding as she wipes a tear away. I open one arm keeping my other wrapped around Caitlin. Jami steps into my embrace and we all just stand there for a while.
It's not everyday I have two beautiful women in my arms even if they are both crying. I squeeze them both closer into my embrace before saying, “Come on let's go see Flynn.” I keep my arms around them as we make our way into the hospital. I nod at the people who hold the doors open for us, even the ones at the elevator leave us on first. I tell the nurse what level we want as the ladies snuggle in closer and then they both sob and sniffle into my chest. I give the nurse a week smile and she just nods and turns around as the elevator moves upwards.
As we go to walk past the nurses station an elderly stern faced nurse steps in front of us and says, “Just where are the three of you going?”
I really don't want to deal with a badger of a nurse, so I tighten my hold on Jami and Caitlin and look her straight in the eyes. “I am Lieutenant Zachary Zappa, Officer Sariski has cleared me to see Flynn MacQuade.” I use my chin to point to my left and say, “The lady on my left is Flynn's fiancee, Ms. Caitlin Katzman and the lady on my right is my fiancee Ms. Jami Kaeser. Now if you don't mind we would like to go visit and support our friend and loved one.” I don't wait for her reply I tighten my hold on Jami and Caitlin and we walk around the stone faced nurse and proceed to Flynn's room.
I stop in the doorway of Flynn's room and loosen my hold around Caitlin as I whisper to her, “Go, Flynn needs you, talk to him, let him know how much you love him.” A few minutes pass before Caitlin steps away from my side. As she sits down in the chair I hear Jami whisper to me, “We should let them alone.” I nod my agreement and we turn and leave.


Flynn

Familiar voices, as much as I try I can't open my eyes or make the words leave my mouth that I so desperately want to say. As the voices fade away I want to scream, NO COME BACK, DON'T LEAVE, I'M HERE, RIGHT HERE, TALK TO ME, but yet nothing leaves my lips. Then an unfamiliar voice is talking asking me how I am and then telling me what a beautiful day it is. I feel her pat my arm and she says something about my friends as her voice fades away.
The darkness fades away and I see myself standing surrounded by nothing, but what seems to be clouds and then to my right I see a bright light appear. I walk closer to it and the light takes the shape of a doorway. Something is pulling on me begging me to walk thru. I look behind me and there's nothing but an empty area. I step thru the bright doorway and there standing is Tina and she's smiling. She holds out her hand and I walk towards her and take her outstretched hand into mine. We walk together towards yet another bright lighted doorway. We stop just before it and she turns towards me and says, “Flynn love, you must move on, open your heart to Caitlin. I am gone, but you can have such a bright future with Caitlin. Promise me you'll stop wasting time on the past and move on. Make Caitlin your bride and have tons of babies.” I take both of her hands and say, “I promise,” and she fades away.
As I step thru the next archway I feel so much love and warmth and then I see her, Grandma! I fall to my knees and cry. The next things I know Grandma is kneeling beside me and has her arms wrapped around me, her head resting on my shoulder. I whisper, “I miss you!” She pats and rubs my back and says, “I miss you too, but its not your time, to come be with me. You have a beautiful woman waiting for you. You need to fight, fight for Caitlin and your little one she's caring. They need you, don't give up, fight, fight the darkness. Listen for her voice and go to it.”
Grandma helps me stand and whispers, “Listen.” and as I do, I faintly hear her. I hear Caitlin saying, “Please be okay, Flynn I love you, please don't leave me.” The darkness starts to close in on me again, and I start to fight with everything I have.

I blink a couple times as my eyes adjust to the lighting, then I hear the sobs, I look to my right and see Caitlin with her head down resting on the side of my bed. With everything in me I lift my hand and place it on the top of her head and let it slide down to her neck.
She lifts her head and looks at me, her eyes are all red and puffy from crying, but it's her smile that lets me know she's going to be okay. She takes my hand in hers and kisses the back of my hand and it's then I realize we aren't alone. Zak clears his throat and says in a strong and demanding voice, “I'll go get the doctor.” I look towards the doorway and he stops and turns back to me and says, “Welcome back to the living.” He gives me a thumbs up and walks away.
Minutes later Cait is asked to leave so the doctor can examine me. I watch her walk out of the room and to Zak's side. He wraps his free arm around her. He's definitely a sight to see something I always imagined, a girl on both arms and a smile on his face. I can't keep my eyes open any longer, I'm so tired. The last thing I hear is the doctor saying, “Rest, Mr. MacQuade.”


Caitlin

Zak left hours ago saying that he'd be back in a few hours. I'm not worried when Zak says he's going to do something he does it. I hope Flynn knows how good of a friend he has in Zak. Jami fell asleep about an hour ago, so I took one of the spare blankets the nurse left us and draped it over her.
It's sometime later when I feel a hand shaking me awake. I look over and it's Zak. He motions for me to follow him out of the room. I lay Flynn's hand on the bed beside him and follow Zak out. Once we are outside the room Zak hands me a card and says, “This is a key card to the Chase Suite Hotel. The room is paid for, for the next week. I want you to go rest, hopefully sleep, and take Jami with you. I'll stay with Flynn tonight. The room is registered in all our names. I talked with the manager and everything is taken care of, feel free to order room service.” I try to say something but he continues. “And don't worry about cost, lets just say it pays to be a lieutenant.”
I shouldn't be mad at him but for some reason I am. “Can I speak now?”
“I'm sorry, yes of course you can.” He says.
“You really didn't need to do this, but thank you.” I hug him and kiss his cheek before turning and walking back in Flynn's room to wake Jami. 
Jami and I gather our coats and purses and I wait while Jami hugs and kisses Zak. On the way out I fill Jami in on what Zak has done. The only reply I get from her is, “I would expect nothing less,” and she smiles.
Less than ten minutes later we are walking into the Chase Suite Hotel. It's then I have no idea where our room is. I type a quick text to Zak. WHAT'S THE ROOM NUMBER? Seconds later I read his reply. SUITE 7 ENJOY! I spot a map on the wall and I'm shocked that it's basically a bungalow. I look over at Jami and she just shrugs.
We make our way to our suite and walk into a breath taking view; wood floors and ceilings with chandelier lights and a fireplace. Walking into the bedroom the first thing I see is the bags sitting on the bed. I walk over to them and see the cards in front of them. I holler for Jami. “Jami get your ass in here!” She wonders in like it's no big surprise. She stops and smiles at me. “Did you know about this?”
She walks over to the bags picks up the card with her name on it and flips it over and reads it. She then turns to me and says, “Read your card.”
I pick up the card and turn it over, it reads: CAITLIN, I KNOW YOU'LL BE HERE A WHILE. YOU ARE GOING TO NEED CLOTHES. THINK NOTHING OF IT, ITS THE LEAST I CAN DO. THERE IS ALSO A SET OF CLOTHES FOR FLYNN FOR WHEN HE GETS OUT OF THE HOSPITAL. ZAK. I look up at Jami and she steps closer and hugs me and says, “Cait I had no idea Zak was going to do this. You're a friend, you should have expected it.”
“Okay.” Is all I can say and I can't hold the tears back any longer. I turn from my best friend and busy myself with looking thru what's all in the bags. I notice that there is everything even panties and bras.
Without looking up I say, “Go ahead and get a shower first, I'll order us something to eat.” I listen for the bathroom door to shut before I shift to sitting on the beg. After taking a few minutes to compose myself I call room service for two meals. Next I grab my cell and simply text to Zak. THANKS! Seconds later my phone chimes with his reply: YOU'RE WELCOME SEE YOU IN THE MORNING.


Chapter 15
Flynn

I awake and it's dark the only light I can see is coming in from the crack around the door. As my eyes adjust to the dim light I see someone sitting in the corner of the room, by the size of the silhouette I can only guess that it's Zak. Trying to sit up I grunt from the pain and fall back against the pillows behind me. The silhouette doesn't move, but speaks. “Don't be a jackass and ask for help.” Yep that's Zak, never one to mince his words. Once the pain subsides some I say, “Then get your ass over here and help me.” but it comes out more of a hoarse whisper.
Zak walks over to me and hits the nurses call button and says, “Lets see what you are allowed to do. I don't want you busting any of the stitches open.”
After a brief conversation with the nurse I'm allowed to sit up slightly with the help of the bed. The nurse asks if I'm hungry and I realize that I am. She says she'll return with something. Zak warns me that it will be more than likely broth and jello. I didn't really care as long as it soothed the hunger.
I ask about Caitlin and Zak tells me that Jami and her are at a hotel and that they'd be back in the morning. It's then that I remember the ring. “Where is my jacket?” Zak gets up and goes to find out. A few minutes later he returns with a small bag. He says, “This is everything that was on you or in your clothes. The trauma team cut everything off of you, I didn't see any reason to keep your clothes.” He hands me the bag and I could care less as long as one item is in the bag. When I find it I open it inside the bag and smile. 
Closing the velvet box I remove it and hand it to Zak. “What do you think?” I ask.
Zak pops it open and stares for awhile and closes it before looking at me and says, “I think she's going to love it.”
We talk a little while longer about my entire plans that now need to be pushed back. I ask Zak to get a hold of the flower shop and to let Marge and Karl know that we'll have to reschedule. I also ask him to hold on to the ring so Caitlin doesn't find it. He agrees and slips it into his jacket pocket and zips it shut.
Before long I'm dozing off again....

Slowly I'm being shook and I hear a voice I don't recognize. I blink twice to bring everything into view. Now that I'm almost awake the voice asks, “How are you today, Mr. MacQuade? I need to draw some blood.” I look to my left and there stand is a pretty little red-head, she can't much older than eighteen. “Do what you need to do, Miss.” I say to her and continue to watch what she's doing.
She looks up at me just before she goes to stick the needle in and says, “You may want to look away, Mr. MacQuade.” 
It's then that I hear Zak's deep chuckle and before I can say anything he says, “Sweetheart you might as well get on with it cuz he's gonna watch no matter what you say.”
I watch the blush rise up her face but she quickly regains her composure and proceeds with drawling a tube of blood. She is quick and efficient and soon she's thanking me and walking out of the room.
Once she out of ear shot I say, “You embarrassed the poor girl, she was only doing her job.”
Zak shrugs and says, “She's going to have to get use to it if she's going to saying in the profession.” He gets up and sits back down alongside me. “Jami and Caitlin will be here soon, then I'm heading back home. I'll be taking Jami with me, hopefully. You should be released either this afternoon or tomorrow sometime. Everything is looking good so they have no reason to keep you any longer. Officer Sariski will be in to speak to you today around one to get what you remember about the accident.” He held up his hand when I went to say something. “Don't worry if you don't remember anything, I've seen the accident photos and they pretty much speak for themselves and the other driver was drunk. Once you are released you'll be in Caitlin's care, so don't be a pain in her ass. I set her up at the Chase Suite Hotel not too far from here. It's paid for, for the week. You should be feeling a hell of a lot better by then and will be able to make the trip home without too much pain. Those ribs are going to be as sore as a bitch for quite sometime so just be careful.” He leans back and crosses his arms, I know he's done with his little speech.
I chuckle and wince and grab my ribs. “You weren't fucking kidding, shit, I can't even laugh.”
Zak just shakes his head and smirks. “I told you, dude, sore as a bitch.”
“No shit, asshole.” Fuck it I laugh again and hold my ribs, even with the pain it's good to laugh, it's good to be alive. 
Its then that there's a knock on the door and the love of life walks in. She walks up to me on my left side and avoiding my ribs gives me a quick hug and kiss. “Hello, beautiful.” I smile at her. Turning my attention to the foot of my bed Jami stands there. “And hello to the second most beautiful woman in the world.” I get a smack on the foot for that and a smile from Jami.
About an hour later as Zak and Jami are about to leave there's another knock on my door and in walks Marge and Karl. Zak and Jami walk out. Seconds later Zak pokes his head back in and asks Caitlin to join them for a minute.
As soon as the door shuts behind her Marge leans close to me and whispers. “Don't worry about Thursday or the florist, I took care of it. Jane says that whenever you need the flowers to just let her know twenty-four hours ahead of time.”
“Thank you.” I say, what else can I say. “You really didn't need to make the trip.”
Karl speaks up and says, “She wouldn't hear of it, son. As soon as Jami let us know she was raring to go. Took all I could do to keep her home until this morning.” He steps forward and rests he hand on his wife's shoulder.
Marge and Karl stay for awhile then make their exit saying that they'd stay longer, but they need to get back home. I know this and assure them that it's fine. I know the diner is their life. I was surprise to see them at all. Before leaving Marge kisses my cheek and whispers she loves me.


Caitlin

I don't want to leave Flynn, but knowing that Marge and Karl are with him I join Zak and Jami. I look back before stepping out the door and he smiles and nods at me. I return his smile and walk out.
Zak is just outside waiting, we start walking and stop at the waiting room. He looks inside that walks in, I follow noticing that it's empty.
Before I can say anything Zak holds up his hand and says, “Just listen.” I back up a step and nod.
He starts off with, “I don't want to scare you but there are somethings you need to know.” Feeling my legs quiver I sit down in the closest seat. He continues after sitting down alongside me. “Flynn's got two broken ribs and a bunch of other serious bruises, but its the ribs you need to be mindful of, him too. I've already told him all this but you need to know as well.” I nod and he continues. “He's going to be in a lot of pain for the next couple of weeks. He's not going to want to take the pain meds, but make him, at least so he can get some sleep if nothing else. The doctors should release him tonight, but they might want to keep him one more night, let them.”
For some reason I can't help but believe Zak, there's just something in his eyes telling that he knows what he's talking about. “Okay. Anything else?” I say.
He hands me a credit card and says in a commanding voice, “Take it! I have talked to my bank and explained the situation you are cleared to use it for the next week.”
Okay this is enough I understand that Zak is his friend and business partner but this is too much. I drop my hand to my lap without taking the card and look Zak right in the eyes. “Zak, I appreciate everything and I'm sure Flynn does too, but I have money, plenty in fact. I've been an author for a while now and have money that will probably never see daylight. So, please you've done enough, but I'll take it from here. You've already have taken care of the suite, and picked up clothes, I think that's enough. Please believe me when I say I've got this.” 
Zak lowers his head and slips his credit card into his shirt pocket and just stares at the floor. After a while I raise his head by his chin and start to say, “Zak, I'm sor....”
He stops me with a finger to my lips and says, “Your right” and smiles before adding. “It's just that Flynn's been thru hell and before you came into his life it was just Marge, Karl and I that he had after his gram died last year. He's like a brother to me Caitlin, but your right.” He clears his throat before continuing. “If you need me or Jami we are just a phone call away. I'm taking Jami home with me, we both have a business to run.” He stands and turns away.
I stand and lay my hand on his shoulder and walk around to in front of him. Tears are sliding down his face, I reach up and wipe them away. I say nothing about them but understand that no man likes to show weakness in front of a woman. I step closer and hug him with everything I have. Stepping back I look up at him and say. “Go, I'm sure Jami is waiting for you. I've got Flynn. We'll be home next week. I'll let you know if something happens, otherwise don't worry. I'll text you when we head home.”
Zak hugs me back, lifts me off the ground and spins me around and whispers, thank you, before setting me back down. He kisses my cheek and walks out of the room. I gather my thoughts and head back to Flynn.

When I get back to Flynn's room he's sleeping again and a nurse it checking things again. I stop and stand at the door. When she turns and notices me she answers the question that's on the tip of my tongue. “He's fine, Ms. Katzman. It's just the pain medication it's a side effect is all. He should be able to leave this afternoon, but of course his doctor will have the final say on that. He'll probably be asleep for a while if you want to freshen up or grab a bite to eat.”
I move into the room and sit in the chair beside Flynn. “Thank you. Could you suggest a place to eat? I'm not from Lincoln and don't visit often enough to know.”
The nurse pauses before walking out and says, “The cafeteria food isn't bad, but if you want to get out of the hospital for a bit I suggest Louie's. Just exit the main doors of the hospital, turn left and it's about a block down on the left.” She reaches in her pocket and then hands me what appears to be a business card. “Here hand them this and they'll take good care of you.”
After the nurse leaves I look down at the card and it reads: GOOD FOR 1 FREE MEAL, THIS CUSTOMER HAS A LOVED ONE AT LSH. I slip the card in my back jeans pocket. For a while I just sit and watch Flynn sleep until my tummy rumbles letting me know that I haven't had anything since the bagel this morning. I get up and kiss Flynn lightly on the lips and go in search of Louie's.


Flynn

I'm awoke with someone calling my name, it's a voice I don't recognize, then I remember that I'm in the hospital. I open my eyes and it's a man in uniform. I remember Zak saying something about an officer coming to get my side of things. “Can I help you officer?”
“Mr. MacQuade...”
I stop him. “Please, Mr. MacQuade was my father it's Flynn.”
“Alright then, Flynn...”
He's interrupted again, but this time by Caitlin's surprised, Oh. I hold out my hand to her. “It's okay, come, sit.” I turn my attention back to the officer. “Continue please. Caitlin is my girlfriend and she'll hear this sooner or later anyway.”
The officer begins again after a curt nod in Caitlin's direction. “I'm Officer John Sariski from the Lincoln PD. I'm here to take your statement. Please tell me whatever you remember from the accident.”
I sit and think for a minute. “I was sitting at a red light waiting for it to turn green. I was about half way thru the intersection when I was hit. The next thing I remember is waking up here in the hospital. I'm sorry I can't remember anything more. Was anyone else hurt?”
“The driver of the van that hit you was treated for minor injuries and released into our custody. We have pressed charges on your behalf with Lt. Zappa persistence. Now that you are awake and coherent if you wish to change or drop the charges that is your right.” The officer informs me of what the drive has been charge with. 
I feel Caitlin squeeze my hand, I give hers a squeeze back. “That all sounds fine, but I would like to add that he must also go thru rehab for his alcohol addition as well as mandatory AA meetings once the rehab is complete.” I watch as Officer Sariski jots down what I've said.
He looks up once he's done writing his notes. “I will add this to the case. How can I reach you once you are discharge?”
Before I can answer Caitlin speaks up and lets him know that we'll be staying at the Chase Suite Hotel until next week. She also give him our cell phone numbers. Once she's done I ask, “Is there anything else you need from me?”
He thanks Caitlin for the information and then turns back to me. “I think that will be all for now. You may need to appear in court, but I very much doubt it. If this ends up being the case I will contact you.” He steps forward and shakes my hand and Caitlin's. “Thank you for your time today. God's speed with your recovery.” He turns and walks out of my room.
I squeeze Caitlin's hand again and say, “I'm so glad that's over, now maybe I can relax. I slowly move over in the bed and then hold out my arm and say, “Come here” and Caitlin gently climbs in alongside me, being so careful like I'm a piece of precious china. “I'm not gonna break” and I wrap my arm around her and pull her close.
Caitlin is fast a sleep along side me when the doctor steps into my room. I raise my finger to my lips and then point to Caitlin. The doctor walks to the other side of my bed and instead of talking he takes out a small notepad and a pen and writes. He lets me know that he's please with my stats and blood tests from this morning. He ends with that a nurse will be in with my discharge paperwork, but to let my girlfreind sleep, that he understands. He holds the notepad while I write my thanks. He nods and leaves the room as quietly as he entered.
I am so ready to leave the hospital, but being that I'm not cleared to drive, I leave Cait sleep so she's well rested to drive. Minutes later a nurse walks in and smiles. She walks to my side with the paperwork and hands it to me. I motion to her that I need a pen, she hands me hers and I flip over the discharge papers and write if it would be possible to get some clothes. She asks what size and leaves once I tell her. She's back moments later with a set of scrubs. I thank her and she smiles and leaves once again.
I leave Cait sleep a while longer before waking her. Once she is I hand her the discharge papers with a smile. She smiles and wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me. As she gets off the bed she says that she'll go get my clothes. I stop her and with, “The nurse got me a set of scrubs, I just need help getting them on.”
Caitlin walks over and shuts the door and returns to my side before saying, “Okay, lets get you out of his place.”
Forty-five minutes later I'm dressed and we are walking out of my room. We only make it a little ways down the hall before the nurse that brought the discharge papers stops us. “Wait here, you shouldn't be walking.” We continue at the slow pace down the hall and soon the nurse has returned with a wheelchair. “Sit,” she says I briefly think about telling her no, but something tells me she's right I shouldn't be pushing it so quickly. So, I sit down in the wheelchair and she proceeds to push me with Caitlin at my side.
We stop at the nurses station and the nurse calls an orderly over. She instructs him to continue with us that I have been discharged.
We make small talk on the way down and out of the hospital. He stays with me while Cait goes and gets her SUV, and then helps me into the SUV. Before shutting the door he reminds us of care and medication procedures. I thank him and he shuts my door and we are finally driving away.
It takes less than ten minutes to reach the Chase Suite Hotel and our suite. I stop once we are inside and am shocked. “Zak paid for all of this?”
Caitlin leads me over to the couch near the fireplace and answers with, “Yes, he says he got a good deal because of being in the military. He already knows it's too much, but he had already paid for a weeks stay before he even told me about it.”
“Well remind me to kick his ass once I'm better.” I start to laugh but the pain stops me short and I grab my ribs. “Well fuck, I gotta remember not to laugh. It hurts to fucking bad.” I adjust on the couch and hold out my arm for Caitlin to curl up next to me on my good side. Once she rests her head against my shoulder, I feel the tension ease as well as the pain. Moments later I notice Caitlin's breathing has changed and smile, she once again has fallen asleep on me. I smile and decide that I too can use some rest.

Chapter 16
A Week Later
Flynn

The week alone with Cait has been, for lack of better words, great! However, I'm ready to get back home, more than ready actually. The other day while Cait went to wash our clothes I set everything up with Zak, to get things ready at the diner. He assured me that everything would be ready by eight tonight. So now I had less than twelve hours before I ask the love of my life to be my wife.
Not wanting to doze off on the way home I opted to just take Tylenol for my ribs. Both the doctor and Zak had said it would take awhile for my ribs to stop hurting like a bitch, but at least everything else was just about healed. I knew I could look forward to Zak wanting to examine me on a weekly basis. Sometimes it was good to have a friend like him.
By noon we were pulling into my driveway. After getting me settled and making sure I didn't need anything Caitlin said she needed to run home for bit. I told her not to worry about me that I was a big boy and could manage on my own for a couple of hours. She kissed me and jogged out the front door. I couldn't help but watch her heart-shaped ass as she jogged away. Looking at the clock on the wall, I thought to myself, less than eight hours and counting, until that ass is mine forever, hopefully.


Caitlin

I didn't want to leave Flynn alone, but if I was gonna be staying at his place for a while I needed to gather my laptop, and a few other items. I thought about gathering up Salem too, but I told myself that he would be happier at home.
I called and left Susan know that if she needed to get a hold of me to call my cell that I wouldn't be home. I grabbed my charger and threw it in my purse. I threw some clothes in an overnight bag and headed back out the door. Looking at my watch I couldn't believe that almost three hours had passed. On the way back to Flynn's I stopped in at KFC and got a bucket of chicken.
When I pulled into Flynn's driveway something caught my attention on the porch. As I climbed out of my SUV I realized it was Flynn. I walked over and as soon as I was at the step I asked, “Just what do you think you're doing? You should be inside resting.”
He smiled at me and said, “Not a chance it's too nice of a day. Put that stuff inside and let's go for a walk, I have something to show you.”
I hurried inside and placed everything in the kitchen. Back outside he offered his arm to me and I looped mine thru his. He placed his other hand on my forearm and smiled down at me and said, “Come.”
We walked in silence for a while before coming to a small clearing in the woods where a creek fell down over a six-foot high rock formation. Even with it being the beginning of December it was breath-taking here. “I'm guessing this place is special to you?” I ask.
Flynn stood in silence for bit longer before he answered, “Yes, gram use to bring me here, it was our place to come to and just get back in tune with nature. I hope one day it will be ours.”
Ours? Just what did he mean by that. I didn't want to spoil the moment or this beautiful place with any negativity so I left the question unspoken. Soon Flynn offered his arm again and we continued to walk, once again in silence. Some would think the winter season, wasn't very pretty, but here in Flynn's woods it is as beautiful as a spring day with all the flowers in blossom.
It's not long after we are headed back to the cabin that I spot Zak heading our way. It would be hard to miss the man and he seems to be moving at a good clip. I feel Flynn tense up right before we hear Zak's, 'What the hell do you think you are doing?' Flynn stops and chuckles and grabs his ribs and whispers to me, “You may want to ignore the conversation that is about to take place, or cover your ears.” 
Zak stops in front of Flynn, arms crossed and if it was possible I think there would be steam coming out his ears. He looks really mad and he speaks repeating himself. “What the hell do you think you are doing?” Zak pushes me aside and take my place at Flynn's good side and I see Flynn relax and lean on Zak. 
Now I'm mad, did he think I couldn't hold him up? I'm not some fragile flower that would blow away in the wind. I step in front of them hands on my hips. I look at Zak and he grins. He knows what's about to come and looks at the ground. I poke my finger in Flynn's chest and say, “Just how long have you been in pain? I knew this walk was a stupid idea. You let him,” I point at Zak. “carry your weight but not me? I'm no weakling, but if you are too pig-headed and stubborn to lean on me then maybe you don't need me to help with anything else.” I turn and walk away, I don't look back, but continue towards the cabin. Neither of them say a word to stop me, but I hear Zak say, 'Way to go asshole.'
I'm heading out to my SUV after getting my purse and keys, Flynn and Zak are just reaching the edge of the cabin. I wait until they are a bit closer before saying, “Zak don't you dare stay and help that fucker. If he can't lean on me he doesn't need you either.”
Flynn goes to say something, but stops after just saying my name. I get into my SUV before looking at them again. They have made it to the porch, I start the engine and back out and head home.


Flynn

I hadn't meant to piss Caitlin off, but it was all part of the plan for tonight. I just hope Jami can talk her into going to the diner, especially now that I've managed to tick her off.
Zak did nothing but chuckle and laugh once she left and say, “Man you've perfected that, pissing her off and you aren't even engaged yet.” As soon as Caitlin was out of sight Zak let me go. I was in pain, but nothing so bad that I needed a crutch. We went inside and Zak filled me on that Marge was busy getting the diner ready for tonight. 
Zak did stay because I needed a ride into the diner, there was no way I'd be able to ride my Harley and my truck was still being repaired. We were now just two hours away from me popping the question. I wanted to be at the diner early so we planned to leave in an hour. I still hadn't figured out how I was going to ask her, but I knew it had to be good. I just hoped that Marge didn't over do it with the decorations, but even that didn't matter since we had been away for a week the flowers shouldn't set off any bells when Caitlin and Jami walked in tonight.
Zak let me know that Jami had added an engagement cake to the list of items and that Marge had her own little surprise waiting. The only thing I knew for sure was that no matter what I was getting down on one knee, broken ribs or no broken ribs. I was doing this right and that meant kneeling in front of the woman who I love.
When we arrived at the diner and walked in the front door all I could do was smile. Marge came from the back and just looked at me. I had managed to dress myself into a pair of black jeans and an emerald-green button down shirt with my leather jacket over top, I was going to wear a tux, but Zak said to leave the monkey suit for the big day. The next thing I knew Marge was in front of me and I leaned down best I could for her kiss and then she led me into the back.
I stepped thru the door to the kitchen and there sat a very beautiful cake. Marge said what I had already guessed, that Jami had made it. There was a card laying next to the cake, I picked it up and turned it over and it read: DON'T FUCK THIS UP. I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO MAKING YOUR WEDDING CAKE. I couldn't help but smile. It was then that Zak walked in and said that Jami had just texted him that they would be there in an hour.
The dining area tables were pushed to the far side leaving the rest of the room empty. If everything went the way I was hoping that empty space would be, being used as a dance floor.
It wasn't long before we saw Cait's SUV pull up outside the diner. Everyone but Marge was in the kitchen she had planned to explain why the tables were pushed all together, that they planned to give the floor a good scrubbing. I just hoped Marge could contain her excitement.
I heard Marge greet them and ask if they would be having their usual. She took them their drinks once they were seated in the booth. Then she walked to the door and flipped the sign to closed and locked the door. She turned back with a big o' smile on her face. It was my job to deliver their food. Jami was to get her to close her eyes until she was told to open them so I could get into place down on one knee alongside Caitlin, ring case open and smiling. I was going to need support due to my ribs so I had asked Zak to be there. He was more than happy to lean a hand if need be.
Marge came into the kitchen and said, “show time” and walked over and into Karl's arms. I hope when Cait and I get to be their age she'll still be walking into my arms just like that.
Zak's phone beeped, he looked up at me and said, “As long as Cait doesn't peak this should go off as planned.” 
Standing up I picked up the burgers and fries and headed out front. Cait sat with her eyes closed tight with a pretty little smile on her face. I stepped up to the booth and Jami said, “Keep your eyes closed Cait don't open them until I tell you too,” and then she smiled up at me and nodded. I set the plates down in front of them and then proceeded to get down on one knee with Zak's help, opened the box and held the ring toward Cait. I nodded to Jami and she said, “Okay Cait you can open your eyes and look to your left.”
Once she turned and looked at me I said, “Caitlin Ida Katzman, you would make me the happiest man alive if you would be my bride.” I felt Zak brace me just before Caitlin flung herself into my arms and kissed me. Tears started flowing down her cheeks as she kissed me again and again then said the three letter word I'd been praying for, “YES!”
Zak broke our moment with a firm and commanding, “Bro, you need to get up.” And it was like Cait had totally forgot about my ribs, a surprise look came across her face and she stood up and asked, “Are you alright?” I nodded and Zak helped me up. I was no sooner standing and Cait was back in my arms.
The night continued on with the six of us enjoying the dancing and the cake. I envied what Marge and Karl has as I looked over at them just swaying to the music staring into each others eyes. Zak and Jami seemed to be in their own little world too. I was so glad that Zak found Jami, she seemed to make him happy. He rarely smiled but when he was with Jami there always seamed to be a smile on his face and there was a certain kind of sparkle and glow that surrounded them. 
We danced to; I Got You Babe. Cait had her head on my chest with her arms draped around me with her hands in my back pockets and me with my arms wrapped around her, hands interlocked just above her waist and we just swayed to the song that filled the diner.


Epilogue
Flynn

The day after I asked Cait to marry me we drove up to her folks. Cait called and asked her mother to get everyone at their place in Beatrice. I was nervous but then who wouldn't be. We were already engaged and I hadn't met her parents. Cait assured me that at least her mom and dad knew it was going to happen and that they were fine with it. And I have to say it did go well. We stepped into her folks' house and I was immediately embraced by her mother and got a hand shake and a welcome from her father. Minutes later I was at ease with her folks, but just as I was relaxing I heard a door and running footsteps coming towards us. Caitlin grabbed my hand and whispered, “Here comes Iona.” Before I could say anything arms were wrapped around my neck and a kiss smacked to my cheek. 
Once Iona ease up on the death grip and the pain subsided in my ribs I said, “Nice to meat you too, Iona.” I winced when she once again leaned on me and kissed my cheek. Loretta was on her feet pulling her daughter off me with stern words, “Iona dear, Flynn is still recovering from a terrible car accident.”
I saw the worry appear in Iona's eyes and I said, “I'm fine, just a twinge, it will ease. Really Iona I'm fine you didn't do anything.” She then bent to me barely touching me and whispered, “I'm sorry” before taking a seat on the love seat. 
We stayed the night, and returned home the next morning.

Caitlin and I decided that we weren't going to wait to get married, so we planned a Christmas wedding. Once we had decided that the wedding would take place on my property back at gram's favorite spot, we divided up what needed to be done. We needed to get invitations out and find a priest. Caitlin took on the invitations since she had family to invite down and I went in search of a priest.
I called up Zak and asked if he knew anyone personally. “Hey, you wouldn't happen to know a priest that would be willing to marry Caitlin and I Christmas day would you?”
I heard Zak chuckle before answering, “Maybe.” I wondered what could be so funny, but before I could ask him he said, “What time?”
“Two PM if possible.” I said.
All Zak said was, “No problem” and I heard him chuckle again. I passed it off as he was with Jami.
“We will be getting married back by the stream in the woods so whoever you get might want to wear boots.”
“That won't be a problem, bro, it's covered don't worry.” he said.
I wasn't worried, not really, Zak has never let me down and I don't think he's going to start now. With the priest issue marked off my list I could get down to the food. I called Marge and she said that they would be delighted to do the cooking and asked if there was anything special that she should make. I told her that I trusted her judgment and choices.


Flynn
(Christmas Day)
(The Big Day)

The day I say I do to the most beautiful woman on earth is here and surprisingly I'm not too nervous. I'm standing in my bedroom in my tux, just staring into the mirror. It's really happening, Caitlin will soon be my wife. Marge, Karl, Jami and Zak had arrived about an hour ago. 
My thoughts are interrupted with a knock on my bedroom door and then Zak says, “we are headed out to the spot, Cait just texted Jami and said that they will be here in thirty  minutes.” I thank him and wait a while before leaving my bedroom to go stand on the porch to wait for Cait and her family.
About twenty minutes later a limo puts up and I see Cait's father step out. I step off my porch and head down the driveway. Thurston turns to help the ladies out and I say, “If that's Caitlin please wait.” He turns back towards me. “I'll take Loretta and Iona with me, Caitlin knows the way so she can walk in with you.” My soon to be father-in-law nods and turns back around and helps his wife and Iona out of the limo.
Once they are out he says, “Son.”
“Dad.” I say with a slight hesitation to my voice.
He smiles says, “Go, Caitlin and I will be along in a bit.”
Loretta and Iona step forward and I offer them each and arm. They both slip their arms thru mine and we head back to the stream. I was glad that I had laid down the wooden walkway. It made it much easier for the ladies in their heels. As we walked back to the stream I heard Loretta start to sniffle, I looked over and saw her wipe away a tear with the tissue in her hand. I stopped walking and kiss her cheek and said, “It's okay to cry, mom, you're allowed too.” 
She looked up at me and said, “I'm so glad Caitlin found such a handsome and kind young man.”
Once we reached the stream the ladies left go and joined Jami. Worry seeped into me when I didn't see the priest. I pulled Jami aside and asked, “Where's Zak and have you seen the priest? Zak said he had the priest thing taken care of.”
I heard a noise to my left and Jami smiled and said, “Both answers are to your left.”
I turn to my left and saw only Zak and then I noticed the way he was dressed. He was in all black and then I noticed he wasn't wear a tie, but a clerical collar and he had a book in his hand. I walked over to him and said, “Don't tell me you're a priest too? Just another of the many things that are Lieutenant Zachary Zappa?”
Zak just smiled and said, “Yes, another benefit from the military. Not many priests want to go out on the battle field, so I did what I needed to do be give soldiers all that they needed and if that required that I become a priest, so be it. So, yes I am a legal priest and would love to marry my best friend to the love of his life.”
“You never cease to amaze me, my friend. Thank you.” I said and pull him into a brotherly hug. We then walked up to where the creek ran off of the rocks and waited for Caitlin and her father. That wait wasn't long. As they drew closer they stopped and Thurston lowered Caitlin's veil and then continued towards us. They stopped in front of me and Thurston passed Caitlin's hand to mine and said, “Take care of her son.” I nodded my acknowledgment and Caitlin and I turned and stood in front of Zak as the last notes of; In Your Wildest Dreams faded away.
We smiled as the rest of our lives together began....
DEARLY BELOVED: WE HAVE COME TOGETHER IN THE PRESENCE OF GOD TO WITNESS THE JOINING TOGETHER OF THIS MAN AND THIS WOMAN IN HOLY MATRIMONY....

THE END


About The Author

	Mae Nunnally lives in the small town of Kaufman, Texas with her husband Michael. They have no children, but do have one dog and one cat.
	Besides writing Mae enjoys sitting down with some yarn and hooks and creating afghans and blankets as well as baby and toddler clothes.  She also enjoys putting her feet up with a good book with the dog at her feet and the cat in her lap. 



Author's Note

If you enjoyed reading Wildest Dreams please take a look at my other stories and remember anything is possible and not just in your wildest dreams.

Steamy Windows
Into The Night – Part 1
Into The Night – Part 2
Into The Night – Part 3
Into The Night – Part 4

 











