Wild Weekend
by Leigha James

© 2020 - Leigha James

Chapter 1
"Mother, how could you!" Willow admonished.
"What are you so upset about? I didn't sign you up for the show," her mother said, dismissing her second eldest (and least favored) daughter's concerns, "Skye doesn't mind, do you Baby Blue?"
Skye, who minded tremendously and hated the nickname Baby Blue, just smiled meekly, "Of course I don't mind Mother."
Willow rolled her eyes but gave up the fight. She knew how Skye hated it when she argued with Mother. And poor Skye was upset enough already. Plus, really, what was the point? Mother would have her way no matter the cost anyhow. Willow retreated to her and Skye's bedroom as Mother droned on and on about the stupid dating show that she was forcing Skye into.
"It's called Wild Weekend. Twenty hot, local women compete over one wild weekend for a dream date with Mr. Texas himself, Justin Hillsong! The heir to the Hillsong Sausage empire! He's worth millions Baby Blue. I sent the production people a few of your headshots, filled out a questionnaire, and you're in! I knew the lord didn't make you so pretty for nothing!"
At that moment Rowan and Clover, the two youngest Asher sisters, burst into the room in a flurry of activity and sound.
"Is she going to do it Mother?" Clover, the younger and the leader of the two, demanded in a fit of giggles.
"Of course she is!" Mother exclaimed, and the three, Mother, Clover, and Rowan, all squealed with delight.
It was then that Dawn, the middle of the five Asher sisters, entered the living room. She froze when she heard the squealing of her sisters and mother and pulled an abrupt about-face, receding into the shadows of the kitchen. Skye, who watched her go, wished for about the millionth time that she could be that invisible to her mother and youngest sisters.
As they sat alone in their shared bedroom later that evening, Skye expressed her true feelings to Willow, her best friend and closest confidant, "I can't believe that she's still on this whole find me a rich husband kick. If only Daddy was in town; he'd put a stop to this nonsense. Why does she always plan her schemes for when he's away?"
"Of course she plans them for when he's away. Daddy's the only one that she's afraid of. And that's only because he controls her purse strings. You could give Daddy a call," Willow suggested.
Skye sighed, "No, no. I don't want to be a bother. He always looks so tired lately. I wish he'd never taken this travel job; I don't think it's good for him to be away so much."
"Nor for us," Willow added, "As Mother's becoming downright wretched in his absence. I can't wait for August when I go back to college."
Skye, who would be entering her senior year at a local university, sighed, "I wish that I'd picked an out-of-state school like you did. Then Mother couldn't meddle in my life anymore. Do you know what the sad thing is though? She has a reason for meddling; I haven't had a date in months."
"Who knows, maybe things will work out and the sausage king will be the answer to all of your, um, needs," Willow suggested.
Skye laughed, "You're terrible."
-----
Friday afternoon found Skye and Willow driving into Dallas for the first day of filming for Wild Weekend. Skye was understandably nervous. She was so nervous in fact that she had stood up to Mother for once and insisted that Willow, and Willow alone, would accompany her to the show's taping. Mother had agreed, begrudgingly, with Skye's promise that all of the Asher women could attend the taping of the final round... if Skye made it that far.
Willow glanced over at Skye in the passenger seat. She was fiddling with her purse, a sure sign that she was nervous. But she looked amazing. All of the Asher ladies had worked together to help Skye select her outfits for the weekend; one casual dress for Friday evening, one jeans and blouse look for a Saturday afternoon adventure, a sexy dress for Saturday night, a sweet dress for Sunday brunch, and an evening gown for the Sunday night dream date. Hair and makeup looks were planned and re-planned. All with the understanding that Skye could be eliminated at any point, the remaining hopes and dreams (and ensembles) dashed.
For her part, Willow still thought the whole thing was ridiculous. But Skye had been softened to the idea by the excitement of Mother, Clover, and Rowan.
"I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little excited to meet him. You know, just to see," Skye admitted.
"Of course," Willow said with a smile, "just to see."
The sisters pulled onto the studio lot and parked before heading towards the reception area. Skye, who was the undisputed jewel of the beautiful Asher sisters, looked even more amazing than usual. She wore her long honey blond hair in loose waves, the baby blue of her dress exactly matching the shade of her eyes and highlighting her tan skin and long legs.
Skye bit her lip nervously, "You're sure the skirt's not too short on this dress?"
Willow considered the hemline, then counseled, "Honestly? It is a bit short. But if this whole dating show is worth doing, you might as well do it right."

Chapter 2
Skye and Willow entered the reception area, a standard drab waiting room lined with rows of utilitarian chairs and coffee tables stacked haphazardly with ancient magazines. Around half of the seats were already occupied by a dozen tall, beautiful, predominantly blond contestants and their assorted friends and relations. Skye checked in at the counter while Willow scoped out the crowd. Though comprised mostly women, there were a few fatherly looking folks in the group, and even what appeared to be two well-dressed young men in the corner, though their backs were pointed towards Willow so she couldn't be sure of their ages.
Once Skye had finished filling out the registration forms, the sisters moved by unspoken agreement towards two empty chairs in the far corner of the room. As they crossed the space, several people stared unabashedly at Skye, sizing up the competition. No one spared Willow a glance; she clearly wasn't a contestant.
It's not that Willow herself wasn't beautiful. For she was. But she had an understated kind of beauty. The kind you don't notice across a room. The kind of beauty that producers don't put on reality TV.
The sisters took their seats and waited. One by one the other contestants trickled in. Finally, all twenty women were present and accounted for. Yet still, they waited.
"They said four o'clock, right?" Willow asked Skye, breaking the silence in their section of the waiting area.
"Yes. Why, what time is it?" Skye asked.
"I'm not sure. There's no clock and my phone is dead," Willow admitted, "But it feels like we've been waiting forever."
"It's four-thirty," a man seated in front of them offered, turning. He was in his late twenties, with a handsome, friendly face. He smiled at Skye, a lopsided, boyish grin.
"Thank you," Skye said to the man, returning his smile.
"You are so very welcome," he said, clearly a bit dazzled, "What is your name?"
"Skye," she said, smiling shyly, "And this is my sister, Willow. What's your name?"
"I'm Justin. And this is my friend, Heath," Justin said, indicating the man to his right. Heath turned to regard them. Completely disinterested, he nodded vaguely before returning to ignoring them.
"Well thanks again for the time," Skye said.
Justin opened his mouth to say something more, but stopped short as the door to the studio finally swung open. The hum of conversation in the waiting room died instantly as everyone turned their attention to the door.
A woman walked in and in a loud and ringing voice began, "Ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank you for coming. This way please."
They entered the studio and the contestants were led away to complete even more pre-filming paperwork. As they separated out the participants from the observers, Skye was surprised to realize that Justin from the waiting room was in fact the man of the hour himself, Justin Hillsong. Willow, who was more observant than the bright but oblivious Skye, had known from the start who he was. He had said his name was Justin after all. Plus, he was everything that the prize on a dating show should be: charming, built, and roguishly handsome.
The families and friends were led to a waiting area where they would be able to observe the action on a series of television monitors. Willow noticed that Justin's friend, Heath, had set up his laptop at a small table in the far corner of the room. He was tall, dark, and would have been good-looking if it wasn't for the haughty look on his face. She chose to sit in an alcove with a power outlet and a good view of the large television screens. The fact that it was far away from Justin's taciturn friend was a nice bonus.
After another long wait, the monitors finally sprang to life, and the contestants could be seen milling around on a large studio stage. Willow noted that Justin and Skye were chatting in a chummy way, off to one side all by themselves. Willow smiled. Skye had this in the bag.
The director announced that the production crew would be running some sound checks before filming could begin. In the interim, Willow decided to wander the corridors to try to find something to eat. She was starving. She couldn't believe that it was nearly six o'clock and they hadn't even started filming yet. She explored a network of confusing hallways before finally finding a sign directing her to a vending machine alcove. While she was pondering her selection, Willow heard the voices of two men passing in the hall. They paused just outside of her line of vision, clearly oblivious to her presence.
"That Skye is beautiful, isn't she? I think she's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen," the first man said. Willow, recognizing his voice as Justin's, smiled to herself.
"She's quite pretty, I'll give you that. Too bad that all the good-looking women are on set with you; I'm stuck in that shabby waiting room with their mothers," the second man complained. Willow deduced that this voice must belong to Heath. His voice sounded just as arrogant as his face looked.
"It's good for you to play second fiddle for once. Builds character. And I don't know, Skye's sister Willow is quite pretty as well," Justin said.
"She's passably pretty but not exactly in the same league as the women I date," Heath said icily.
"You really are a prick, you know that? Look, I've got to get back to set. Wish me luck," Justin said.
"Good luck, I guess. But I still think this whole thing is ludicrous," Heath grumbled, and Willow heard his voice fading as he walked on down the hall.
While his words definitely stung, they had little lasting effect past the initial shock. Willow was pretty, but not a showstopper. And that was just fine with her. She'd never wished for beauty like Skye's. She knew the price that her sister paid. And as she wouldn't date Heath if he was the last man on Earth, she considered his low opinion of her a blessing.
 -----
Willow returned to the waiting area. The crew was still working on microphone checks. Apparently, this was going to be a long night. She retrieved her phone from the table, unplugging it from the charger that she'd plugged in earlier. She had just opened her solitaire app when an approaching form caused her to look up.
"Excuse me, but do you happen to have a charger I can borrow for a bit? I've forgotten mine and I see we have the same kind of phone," he smiled at her. Perfectly straight pearly whites. A politician's smile. "I'm Justin's friend, Heath."
Willow forced a smile of her own, "Sure," she unplugged the charging cable from the wall outlet and handed it to Heath. Then, doing her very best to keep her voice as casual as possible she said, "It's an off-brand. Passable, but probably not in the same league as the chargers you're used to."
Heath's smile faltered, "Uh, thanks," he said before turning to go back to his own table.
Willow returned to her game with a smirk. She couldn't wait to tell Skye about the hilarious incident when she saw her later.

Chapter 3
Filming finally wrapped just before midnight. It had been a long night and both Willow and Skye were exhausted as they climbed back into the car. Surprising no one, Skye had advanced to the second round. The remaining twelve contestants had been instructed to meet at the studio at noon on the following day. A charter bus would then take them to the mystery location for filming of the next round.
"So?" Willow asked as she pulled out of the studio lot and onto the road.
"Oh Willow, he's perfect," Skye gushed, "He's handsome and charming and easy to talk to. He's humble and kind."
"And loaded," Willow added.
"Oh stop. You know I'd never date someone just because they had money," Skye said.
"I know that. But the money doesn't hurt," Willow pointed out.
"That's true," Skye conceded, "I just can't believe I met him through one of Mother's schemes. It'll be quite the story to tell our grandkids, that's for sure."
"Grandkids?" Willow asked incredulously.
"He's the one," Skye said simply.
"'The one' is some desperate dude from a Bachelor rip-off?" Willow asked.
"Hey. Don't talk about my future husband like that. Ugh, I'm starving. Let's stop and get something to eat."
"Ok. Want anything specific?" Willow asked.
"I'm fine with whatever you want. Did you talk to Justin's friend Heath at all?" Skye asked.
"Yep. He's an egotistical turd," Willow informed her sister.
"Uh oh. What happened?" Skye asked.
Willow told her sister the story of the conversation that she'd overheard and her subsequent jab at Heath.
"Do you think he knew what you were hinting at? Like, do you think that he knows that you know what he said?" Skye asked.
"I sure hope so," Willow said, "maybe next time he'll make sure no one is around before he talks shit."
"I'm sorry that he said that. Are you ok?" Skye asked.
"Oh, I'm fine. I don't care what he thinks. And this way I don't have to pretend to like the guy just because he's friends with Justin. I do wonder though if anyone's ever told him that he's considerably less impressive than he thinks he is."
"Willow," Skye warned.
"What?" Willow asked innocently.
"Play nice."
"Who? Me?" Willow said with a mischievous smile.

-----
Willow and Skye arrived for the bus the following day, both dressed in ensembles hopefully suited for whatever adventure the production crew had in store for them. They boarded the bus and noted that all of the seats in the immediate vicinity of Justin's were already filled. When Justin saw Skye he waved enthusiastically, and she smiled sweetly back before the sisters took seats near the front of the bus.
When everyone had been boarded, the producer finally announced the mystery location; they were headed to the State Fair.
"I thought the fair didn't start until next week," one of the contestants called out.
"It doesn't. But we've arranged for a special pre-opening preview that we think you're going to enjoy."
Skye glanced nervously at Willow. Willow squeezed her sister's hand in a reassuring way.
Once at the fairground, the cameras were set up and the contestants were assembled in front of Justin. Justin, grinning in his charming way, began to speak once the director called "action."
"Ladies, I want to thank all of you for being here today. I want you to know that I have enjoyed getting to know each of you, and I can't wait to get to spend more time finding out what makes each of you who you are. As you know, I'm a country boy at heart. And the woman that I want by my side has to love the country life just as much as I do. And to me, nothing is more country than horses."
Willow closed her eyes and groaned internally as Skye's hand clutched at her arm. Why did it have to be horses?
"So today you ladies will be learning barrel racing from who I consider to be the best barrel racer on the planet; my little sister, three-time state barrel racing champion Jessie Hillsong!"
The director called cut and instructed the contestants, and the contestants alone, to reconvene in the horse barn. Friends and family were asked to remain behind.
Skye immediately turned to Willow, "I can't do it Willow! Horses hate me!"
"Horses do not hate you," Willow said calmly.
"They do so!" Skye moaned.
"Skye! Pull yourself together! You can do this. You freaking out is why horses hate you."
"I thought you said that horses didn't hate me," Skye pointed out.
"Well, I was lying to make you feel better. Just calm down and you'll be fine. Remember, they can sense fear!" Willow commanded, turning her sister in the direction of the barn and giving her a gentle shove.
Skye squared her shoulders resolutely, took a deep breath, and marched towards the horse barn with the air of one who was headed for certain doom.

Chapter 4
A production assistant informed the friends and family that they were free to mill about the fairgrounds for the next two hours as the contestants prepared for the three o'clock barrel racing competition. The results of the barrel racing would determine which of the ladies would move on to the next round of the show.
For the first time, Willow felt unsure about her sister's chances of winning the competition. Up until this point she had thought Skye a dead ringer, but she had never counted on horses.
It had all started when Skye was five and the pony at the spring carnival had bucked her off. Then there was the horse at the petting farm who'd ripped out a largish chunk of Skye's hair when he'd mistaken it for hay. Follow that up with the horse at summer camp that had refused to even let Skye get onto its back, and a lifelong fear of horses was solidified. Willow was actually impressed that her sister was even willing to try climbing into the saddle again. She must have really liked Justin for him to be worth all this trouble.
Willow decided to take a walk around the fairgrounds to kill some time before the barrel racing. She'd been to the fair before, of course, but it'd been years. Something about seeing the nearly deserted fairgrounds through an adult's eyes made her feel slightly melancholy.
As she approached Big Tex, the fifty-five-foot tall iconic statue that was the symbol of the fair, Willow noticed Heath approaching her.
"So this is Big Tex," he said as he came to stand beside her, "When Justin first told me about the existence of this monstrosity back at Yale I told him that we had to come see it straight away. I can't believe that I let eight years get away before I made it here. He truly is hideous."
"That's a bit harsh. I'd say he's mildly creepy at worst," Willow said, "Is that where you know Justin from? Yale?"
"Yes. We got our MBAs together. So listen, you took off before I could give you back your phone charger last night. It's back in my car. I'll get it to you when we get back to the studio," Heath told her.
"It's no big deal, you can keep it. It's just a cheap one from the dollar store," Willow said dismissively.
Heath's eyebrows raised ever so slightly, "Yes. I believe I remember you saying something about that. But still, if I borrow something, I like to make sure I see it safely returned."
Willow gave him a half smile, "And is that out of a boy scout-esque desire to always do the right thing, or out of a desire to never be in another's debt any longer than required?"
"Both I suppose," Heath said.
"I see," Willow noted simply.
"So, I heard that they're going to fire up the big Farris wheel. Want to go check it out?" Heath asked.
"As delightful as that sounds I have a phone call to make, but I'll be sure to meet up with you later for the charging cord," and with that Willow escaped from Justin's repugnant friend and walked away.

-----
"Hello?" Mother demanded.
Willow steeled herself, "It's me."
"Well? What's the mystery adventure? Are you watching them right now? Is she nervous? How's she doing? Is her hair holding up?"
"Mother!" Willow interrupted, "If you'll give me a second I can tell you what's going on. No, I'm not watching. But Mother... it's barrel racing."
"And barrel racing is?" Mother asked irritably, like Willow should have known that she wasn't familiar with the sport.
"...It's on horses."
"What? What? Oh, I knew it was all going too smoothly! Horses? It's all over!" Mother was in instant hysterics.
"Mother! Calm down!" Willow commanded, pulling the phone away from her ear to avoid permanent hearing damage.
"It's a setup! There's no way they didn't know that she's deathly afraid of horses!" Mother wailed.
"Now Mother, how could they know that she's afraid of horses? Was there a section on the application asking contestants to list any pathological fears? Or do you think they ran some sort of surveillance?" Willow asked sarcastically before she could stop herself.
Mother turned off the waterworks instantly and spoke next with cold venom, "Well, it's nice to know that at a time like this my own daughter sees fit to make fun of me. In the middle of a panic attack."
Willow rolled her eyes skyward, "Mother, just calm down, ok? There's no point in freaking out before anything happens. Let's just hope by some miracle that Skye manages to pull this off. I'll call you once the competition is over, ok?"
"Oh, of course, I see how it is. No, no, don't worry about me. I'll be just fine. And if I don't answer when you call, don't worry. I'm sure that the chest pains aren't anything to worry about."

Chapter 5
Willow arrived early enough to secure front-row seating for the barrel racing competition. She nibbled at her nails, feeling on edge. She still thought this dating show was the stupidest idea that Mother had ever had. And she was fairly certain that Justin would, like so many other boys, prove to be an epic letdown. But she still didn't want to see her sister fail.
Through the passageway leading to the arena's staging area, Willow could catch occasional glimpses of the contestants in the back as they awaited their turn to ride. She saw Skye, now decked out in a cowgirl hat and boots that must have been provided by the production team. The knot in Willow's stomach grew tighter.
Shortly before the event was set to begin, Willow noticed Heath enter the arena. To Willow's great irritation he headed directly towards her.
"This should be interesting. Does your sister like horses?" Heath asked as he sat in the empty seat directly next to her. He didn't even leave a buffer chair.
Willow sighed, "Not exactly."
She was spared further questions about her sister's equestrian past by the loudspeaker crackling to life.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, we want to welcome you to the Wild Weekend Barrel Racing Extravaganza! Before we go forward with our contestants we wanted to start off with a little exhibition by the lovely Miss Jessie Hillsong!"
The announcer cued up The Pistol Annies' "Hell on Heels" and Jessie roared into the ring. The hooves of her horse pounded like thunder, smoky clouds of dirt billowing up behind. Her crimson hair streamed out like fire. She rounded the barrels with precision accuracy and set a blistering pace. When her round was completed, she danced her horse lithely across the ring to the appreciative cheers of the crowd.
The first contestant ran a clean, albeit clumsy round, garnering an appreciative "woo hoo" from Justin. The next contender was faster, but she knocked over a barrel, ruining an otherwise impressive running. Each woman's round was accompanied by a song. One woman's song was "Feel Like a Rock Star" by Chesney and McGraw. Another's was "Tornado" by Little Big Town.
One by one the contestants took their turns until there was just one woman left to ride: Skye. Willow had an ominous feeling that they'd purposely saved the best for last.
"Our final contestant for this afternoon is the lovely Skye Asher!"
When "Somethin' Bad" by Miranda Lambert came on Willow groaned. She could only assume then that the practice session had not gone well.
The horse sauntered into the arena as a terrified Skye clung desperately to the reigns to maintain her seat in the saddle. The horse, clearly knowing its duties despite being handicapped by its rider, slowly rounded the barrels. Halfway through though he gave it up as a bad job and took off at a trot towards the judging stand. Calling "Woah!" in a shaky voice, Skye tried to regain control and slipped to one side, her opposite foot coming loose from the stirrup. The crowd gasped, but Skye somehow managed to right herself.  Then, to put the finishing touch on the performance, the horse stopped, turned tail, and pooped basically right at Justin's feet.
The arena roared with laughter as Skye grinned, shrugged, and blew Justin a kiss. Justin rose to his feet, clapping enthusiastically and whistling.
Willow laughed along with the crowd and shook her head. Only Skye could manage to make a disastrous performance like that look good.
Once the riders had dismounted (some had more difficulty with this challenge than others), it was time for Justin to select the six contestants that would move on to the next round. Willow's stomach was in knots. She could only imagine how poor Skye must be feeling.
First one name then another was called. But not Skye's. Finally, there was only one spot left. The crowd held its collective breath as Justin prepared to announce the final name.
"The final woman that I'd like to join me in the next round is... Skye," there were a few murmured noises of discontent, "Now, I know that her performance probably wouldn't win any prizes in a traditional barrel racing competition, but she tried really hard and looked great doing it. Plus, I don't think I've laughed that hard in years. Skye, will you join me?" he smiled at her and the air between them sizzled as their eyes connected.
"Of course I will," she said, then she crossed to the winner’s area, leaving the rest of the women to be thanked for their time and wished the best of luck on their future quests for love.

Chapter 6
"I can't believe I made it through the barrel racing round!" Skye exclaimed as the sisters drove home to change for the next event, "And I can't believe my luck on this next one. After the horse disaster I'm so grateful that all I have to do now is drink and dance. Like, I'm already good at that stuff. I really think I have a shot at winning this Willow!"
When the production team had announced that the next segment would be filming at The Candleroom, both sisters had been ecstatic. The high-class dance club was one of their favorite hangout spots in the city.
They made it home, dressed, argued with Mother about whether Willow should change into an uglier dress in order to make Skye look better, got stuck in traffic, and ended up being ten minutes late to the club. They parked illegally and rushed to the door, hoping that their tardiness wouldn't hurt Skye's chances.
Heath, who was already three beers in, watched the Asher sisters enter the room and approach the table where he sat with Justin and Jessie. Skye looked beautiful, as usual. But it wasn't Skye that Heath was watching.
Willow was in a dress for once. A cruelly short dress that showed off her amazing legs. And she'd done something to her eyes. Makeup, he guessed. Well whatever it was, he liked it.
"Skye!" Justin cried, jumping to his feet when he saw her approach and gesturing towards the empty seats at his table.
Skye returned his smile easily as the sisters joined the group.
"Skye, you met Jessie, right?" Justin said eagerly.
Willow took in Jessie Hillsong. She was pale, beautiful, and cold as ice. Willow disliked her immediately.
"Yes! Thank you so much for trying to teach me barrel racing even though I'm absolutely hopeless with it," Skye gushed, her desire to befriend Justin's sister evident in her tone.
Jessie smiled her frozen smile, "Not everyone grew up surrounded by horses like Justin and I did. You did the best you could given the circumstances, I'm sure."
Justin asked Skye to dance, and a camera crew that Willow hadn't noticed before followed them to the floor.
"So, Willow," Jessie said, her voice not even approaching friendly, "Are you as terrified of horses as your sister is?"
Willow smiled calmly, "No."
"So, you ride then?" Jessie asked, raising an eyebrow.
"No, not regularly. But I have ridden horses before."
"Hmm," was Jessie's reply.
Willow was confused. She wasn't sure what Jessie's problem was, but the woman clearly did not want to be friends. Perhaps she was just one of those women who didn't like other women?
"I myself can barely stay in the saddle," Heath joined in unexpectedly, breaking the tension by reminding the women of his presence.
Jessie smiled doe-eyed up at Heath, "Yes, but you weren't born here. You're a northern city boy. No one expects that you'd have horse experience. You really should take up Daddy's offer for you to stay for a few weeks before you head back to New York. Then I could teach you how to ride. You work too hard."
Willow almost guffawed out loud. Oh, Jessie wanted to teach Heath how to ride alright. So that was her problem. She had a thing for Heath and was all rabid squirrel about it.
Jessie returned her attention to Willow, "Heath's a big player in the New York real estate scene."
"My father is a big player actually. I just work for him," Heath clarified.
"Yes. But one day it will all be yours," Jessie smiled, a hungry gleam in her eyes, "So Willow," Jessie asked, prying her eyes away from Heath, "What do your parents do for a living?"
"My mother is a retired Vegas showgirl and my father is a garbage man. Now, if you'll excuse me, I think I see my friend over at the bar," Willow said, before rising to leave the table.
"Well those Asher sisters are certainly... interesting," Jessie said to Heath as soon as Willow was out of earshot.
"I suppose," Heath replied in a bored tone.
"Their parents are a showgirl and a garbage man? Not exactly classy occupations," Jessie continued.
"Not exactly," Heath acknowledged.
"Skye is sweet, but obviously a complete idiot. I mean, what self-respecting southern woman can't work a horse? And Willow... Did you see how short her skirt was? She's clearly jealous and trying to steal the spotlight from her sister. Too bad she's not even good looking."
"I dunno," Heath mused.
"You don't know what?" Jessie demanded, her eyes sparking.
"I think she's kind of hot," Heath said. Then he fished his phone out of his pocket and began checking his email.
And Jessie was left to seethe.

Chapter 7
After an evening of drinking and dancing, Skye and two other women were selected as finalists. When the cameras were finally turned off, Skye snuck off to the parking lot. Justin joined her shortly thereafter, and the two retired to Justin's place to continue their evening.
Willow was walking towards the door of the club to head for home when she was accosted by Jessie.
"Some night," Jessie said, "It's so great that your sister made it to the last round. I always knew she would of course."
"Of course," Willow replied, wondering what Jessie's game was. Because calculating women like Jessie always had a game.
"I still can't believe that Justin let himself get talked into this silly little show," Jessie said.
Willow just smiled.
"He's too kind-hearted for this sort of thing really. Always wants to see the best in everybody," Jessie obviously expected a reaction. When she didn't get one, she continued, "My brother is a smart man, but he has a tendency to lose his head when he sees a pretty face."
"Is that so?" Willow asked.
"Heath's known Justin for a long time and he understands Justin's character better than almost anyone. So, of course, when Heath found out that Justin had gotten himself roped into this he hopped on his private jet and headed here straight away," Jessie said, her admiration for Heath evident in her tone.
"It sounds like Heath is a good friend," Willow stated.
"Oh, he is," Jessie went on, her voice tender, "Justin is lucky to have Heath as a friend. His consideration and advice benefit Justin immensely. Men like them do have to watch out."
Willing to play Jessie's game in the interest of getting the conversation over as quickly as possible, Willow took the bait, "Watch out for what?"
Jessie smiled sweetly, "Why for gold diggers of course."
Willow was spared the obligation of attempting a civil reply by Heath's arrival on scene. She snatched the charging cable that he was holding out in her direction from his hand, and left the building. Then she fumed the whole way home at what could only be interpreted as Jessie's insinuation that her sister was only interested in Justin for his money.

-----
Skye never made it home that night. But she did send a quick check-in text asking that Willow bring Mother and the sisters to the studio for the final taping in the morning.
Willow was not looking forward much to being cooped up with Mother and all three of her younger sisters for the day. She loved them, of course. They were family. But they also drove her absolutely crazy. Willow had always wondered why her father had chosen to marry Mother. Daddy was sweet tempered and intelligent and humble. Mother was... not. She suspected that he had married for form over function, but she tried not to judge him too harshly for it. He was only a man after all.
They made it to the studio with minimal bickering. Though Willow tried to steer her family to an area as far away from the one occupied by Heath and Jessie as possible, Mother insisted on a table front and center. All Willow could do was hope that they'd keep their voices down. She didn't care a bit for what Heath and Jessie thought of her or her family, but she wasn't sure to what degree their opinions would influence Justin's.
Mother being who Mother was, Willow's wish that she'd keep her voice down was completely unrealistic. Instead, Mother struck up a boisterous conversation with one of the other mothers in which they passive aggressively compared the assets of their respective daughters. To make matters worse, Clover and Rowan spent most of the day taking selfies in front of various objects around the studio for their Instagram account. And Dawn crossed her arms and sulked, as Dawn was wont to do.
All in all, they didn't come off looking too great. More than once Willow spied Jessie's mocking smirk from across the room after Mother had said something especially absurd.
But Willow's favorite moment from the day had to have been when Mother went on for thirteen excruciating minutes about how much money she figured Justin was worth based on the numbers that she could find online.
Willow wanted to melt into a hole.
In spite of the horror show going on behind-the-scenes, on set things couldn't have gone better. The final segment was a series of compatibility challenges designed and administered by Susan Feelgood, relationship counselor to the stars. By the end of the episode she was pronouncing Justin and Skye the most compatible love match that she'd ever seen. Skye was crowned the winner, and she and Justin were immediately whisked away for their fantasy date.
Willow packed up Mother and the girls and left the studio, thrilled to be putting the weekend behind her.

Chapter 8
"First we took a helicopter tour of the city. Then we had a private wine tasting at some crazy exclusive winery. After that, we spent the night at a secluded villa with a private pool and hot tub. The bed was bigger than our whole entire bedroom. We had tons of crazy sex. Best. Night. Ever!" Skye exploded as soon as she burst into their bedroom the following morning. Her hair was a mess and she was still in the dream date dress from the night before.
"Good morning to you too," Willow, who had been sleeping, grumbled.
"More like great morning! How was quality time with the girls yesterday?" Skye asked as she began to undress.
Willow should have told her sister right then about the unfortunate gold digger theory that she feared Jessie was going to float Justin's way. But she decided to hold off. Telling her now would only ruin the euphoric afterglow that she was currently experiencing. Willow could tell Skye later. "Oh, it was fine. Mother was outlandish, Dawn pouted the whole time, and the other two just admired themselves in their phones."
Skye laughed, "So, business as usual."
Willow smiled back, "Pretty much. I'm so glad that you had a good time. Do you think you'll hear from Justin again?"
"Of course! He's going to call me this afternoon. We're going to set up a plan for the weekend. He wants to take me to see his ranch. But in the meantime, I'm going to bed. I don't think I've ever been so tired. Good night sissy. Or day. Or whatever," Skye said with a yawn as she headed towards her bed.

-----
But Justin didn't call that afternoon. Or the next. At first, Skye reasoned that he must have gotten held up somehow. But eventually she recognized the blow-off for what it was. Mother, of course, wailed on and on as if she herself had been the one left brokenhearted.
Skye didn't talk about her anguish of course. She never talked about sad things like that. She tried to play it off like it was just another breakup. But Willow knew differently. She could see it in the quiet times when she'd catch her sister staring off into space. She could see the sadness in her eyes. Skye had thought that Justin was something special, and his rejection had hurt her deeply.
Willow of course had her suspicions of what had caused Justin to have so drastic a change of heart. But wouldn't telling her sister what had happened just cause further pain? Her misery had been orchestrated by her own family, and she herself, Willow, had surely started it all with her snarky comment when Jessie had asked what their parents do for a living.
Though things in the Asher household looked bleak, there was one bright spot: Daddy finally came home.
Aside from Skye, her father was the only person that Willow had ever confided in. She told him of all that had occurred with Skye and Justin, Heath and Jessie, and Mother and the girls.
"I'm just not sure that I did the right thing by not telling Skye about Jessie's implication that she was only interested in Justin for his money," Willow explained.
Dad was thoughtful for a minute, "Why didn't you tell her?"
"Because I didn't want her to be hurt any worse than she already was... And I felt guilty that it was my fault."
"It wasn't your fault that the boy didn't call. If he took the words of friends over what he saw with his own eyes, then he's a fool. And if he can't handle a little craziness in the family tree, well then... it clearly wasn't meant to be."
"I should have told her Dad. I would have wanted her to tell me, even if it hurt," Willow said.
Dad mused, "Perhaps you should have told her. But you can't be faulted for wanting to protect her feelings."
"I have to tell her now though, don't I?" Willow asked.
Dad just smiled. Willow sighed, hugged him, and then left to find Skye.
Skye was upset when Willow told her. Not upset with anyone specifically. Just upset with the situation on the whole. She forgave her family as they intended no harm and were largely acting as was in their nature, unfortunately. She forgave Heath and Jessie because they were looking out for Justin's best interest. And she forgave Justin because he was only acting on misinformation provided to him by his friends. She was full of forgiveness. Skye always was. But she was also full of heartbreak.
She forgave Justin, and in spite of it all she still felt tenderly towards him in her heart. But she wouldn't chase him. If the time that they'd spent together hadn't been enough to convince him of her pure intentions, than that was that. She busied herself with preparations for the upcoming school semester and tried to pretend that everything was fine.
When Willow left for her own university she did so with a heavy heart. She hoped that when she saw her sister again at Thanksgiving, Justin would be a distant memory.

Chapter 9
Columbia University is situated in the heart of New York City. Though quite the change from the small town that she was raised in, Willow loved the loud and bustling atmosphere of Manhattan. She was in her sophomore year at the university now, and had long before decided that she would be relocating to The Big Apple permanently once she'd graduated.
She fell into the comfortable routines of school once again. Classes, hanging out with friends, and her part-time job at the school library. 
In early November, the library director asked Willow if she would be willing to take on additional hours over the next few weeks. The library's annual fundraising gala was coming up, and the dean's nephew, who was heading the planning committee, was in need of an assistant to help him with the final preparations. Thinking that the project sounded fun, Willow quickly agreed.
Later that week she arrived at the library for her first scheduled meeting with Mr. Haverschmidt, Dean Genaro's nephew. She was early, so she spent the excess time wandering the bookstacks, her favorite pastime. She was meandering absentmindedly through the geography section when she suddenly became aware of a man across the library. His back was to her, but even without seeing his face she recognized him right away. Heath. 
Willow found it rather unsettling that he had made such an impression on her that she could instantly recognize him from across a crowded room.
But maybe it wasn't him at all. She had to know. 
Stealthily, she circled the outside of the library, hoping to sneak a peek at his face while remaining hidden herself. She lost sight of him as she passed through the psychology section, took a blind corner near astronomy, and nearly collided with Heath.
"Willow!" he said, clearly surprised to see her.
Willow cursed herself for her carelessness, "Hello Heath."
"What are you doing here?" he asked, taking in her face again. Small nose, large eyes. Pert mouth. He hadn't realized until that moment how badly he'd wanted to see her again.
"I work at the library. I'm a student at Columbia," Willow informed him.
Heath looked confused, "I didn't know you went to school here," he said.
"I don't think you ever asked where I went to school," Willow pointed out.
"No. But I distinctly remember Jessie saying that I work in New York. You'd think that you would have mentioned that you went to school in the same city where I work and live."
Willow shrugged, "I guess I just didn't think to mention it. It's a big city. A lot of people live here. What are you doing at Columbia anyway? I thought you were a Yale boy."
"Oh, I am. My aunt is the dean here and I'm planning this charity gala thing as a favor. She's actually the reason I didn't go to school here. I love her, but she can be a bit much," Heath explained.
Willow's stomach sank, "Your aunt is Dean Genaro?"
"Yes, why?"
Willow forced herself to remain calm. Damn fate and its cruel tricks! "Well, in that case Mr. Haverschmidt, you're looking at your new assistant. The library director asked me to help the dean's nephew out with whatever he might need to prepare for the gala, so I am at your disposal."
Heath swallowed hard, hoping that she wouldn't notice. When he spoke, his voice was steady and calm, "Excellent. There's a good deal to be done yet and only a few weeks to go. First off is seating. Do you happen to know how many chairs the library has in storage?"

-----
Preparations for the gala went well enough over the next couple of weeks. Willow and Heath fell easily into the role of collaborators. They were both organized and driven people, and they found their communication styles compatible, though Willow worked to maintain a frosty edge towards him.
When Professor Stoddard sent her an email the Monday before the gala requesting a private meeting, Willow didn't think much of it. He was her academic advisor after all, a role he took seriously. Over the past year he'd asked Willow to meet with him during office hours on several occasions so that he could offer personal critiques of her work and general advice.
"I hear that you've taken on a new role at the library," Professor Stoddard started after he'd closed the office door behind them. He was an attractive man in his early forties with intelligent eyes. Willow had never minded the extra attention that he showed her.
"Oh, yes. I'm assisting the gala planning committee chairman with preparations for the event," Willow explained.
"I see," Professor Stoddard said thoughtfully, "And is it true that Heathcliff Haverschmidt is chairing the committee this year?"
"It is," Willow confirmed.
"How well do you know Mr. Haverschmidt?" the Professor asked.
"Oh, not well at all. I've only met him once before this and our interactions then were brief," Willow explained, "Why? Do you know him?"
"Oh yes. It might surprise you to learn that Heath Haverschmidt and I have known each other for a very long time. I hate to even bring the dirty business up as I'm not at all the sort of man to speak negatively of others. But when I heard that he's been working in close quarters with you... I knew that I had to go against my nature and tell all. If something were to happen to you and I hadn't taken this opportunity to warn you... I could never forgive myself," Professor Stoddard said gravely.
"Oh, do tell me what he's done!" Willow appealed, feeling fear rise in her chest at the professor's ominous tone.
"Years ago, when I was a college student myself, I worked for Haverschmidt Holdings. That's Heath's father's company. I was basically an errand boy; getting coffee, picking up office supplies, and so on. I enjoyed the job, and the powerful connections that I was making," Professor Stoddard began.
"Because I ran so many errands, I was issued a petty cash fund which I kept in the top drawer of my desk. One day, I walked into my office to discover a teenage boy rummaging through my things. When I demanded to know what he was doing, he was less than cooperative. I was forced to call security. But by the time they arrived, he was gone.
"About a week later I was informed that my petty cash account, which to that point had always been spot-on, was several hundred dollars short. When I mentioned the boy that I'd seen to management I was informed that the person I spoke of must have been Heathcliff, the owner's only son. When Heath was questioned about the missing money he flew into a rage, denied any wrongdoing, and I was terminated on the spot," Professor Stoddard finished.
"Are you sure he took it?" Willow asked, not knowing why she hoped that he'd say no.
"I reviewed the security camera footage myself Willow. No one went in or out of that office for the entire week preceding the money's disappearance except for Heathcliff Haverschmidt and myself."

Chapter 10
The following afternoon found Willow at an upscale party supply showroom for her scheduled meeting with Heath. He showed up on time, looking handsome as always in a blue button-down and chinos. But seeing him only aroused feelings of disgust within Willow. This was the man who had probably helped Justin's malicious sister drive a wedge between Justin and Skye after all. Not to mention the fact that he was a thief and a liar.
"You ready to get started?" Heath asked as he joined Willow in front of the store.
"Sure," Willow said shortly, ready to redouble her efforts to speak with Heath as little as possible in light of Professor Stoddard's revelation.
They perused shelf after shelf of coordinated place settings, racks of linens in a spectrum of colors, cases of fine silverware. There where platters and chaffing dishes and all manner of correlating décor. Willow made her disinterest in the process evident, deferring to "whatever you think," when her opinion was asked for.
A sample table was laid with Heath's selections. The arrangement was considered, then a few items were swapped with others from the collection surrounding them. Finally satisfied, Heath placed the order.
Relieved to be done with him, Willow wished Heath a good day in front of the store and turned to walk back towards the campus.
"You're walking?" Heath asked.
"Yes," Willow said, turning back to face him. The late afternoon sun caught his golden eyes, setting them ablaze.
"Can I walk with you?" Heath asked.
"Yes," Willow quickly assented, then cursed herself, unsure of why she hadn't even tried to think of a reason to say no.
As they walked back towards the university, Heath felt a warm glow from the knowledge that she walked beside him. He liked the way she walked. She was small, delicate in stature and she moved with a graceful ease. He hadn't noticed how petite she was when he'd first met her. But then again, there was a good deal about Willow that he'd missed upon initial observation.
"Had you ever been to New York before you started at Columbia?" Heath asked by way of striking up a conversation.
"Yes," was the extent of Willow's response.
"You like the school?" Heath tried again.
"Mmmhmm," was what he got.
"What are you majoring in anyway?" Heath asked.
"Political science," Willow replied.
"You like the coursework so far?" Heath asked.
"Yes," Willow replied, allowing the silence that followed to stretch in an intentionally uncomfortable way.
Heath cast around, desperate for a hint of a topic that might illicit more than a cursory reply. He noticed her looking at a three-story Italianate building as they passed by it. Though obviously once beautiful, it had fallen into disrepair. "That's the Millender Building," he said, then added, "it's one of the oldest concrete structures in the city."
"Did you know that its full name is actually The New York and Long Island Millender Stone Company Building?" Willow asked, her chill defrosting just a bit.
Heath was impressed, "I did not. Are you interested in architecture?"
"Not especially. But I like to amuse myself by researching buildings that catch my attention," Willow said.
"And the Millender catches your attention?" Heath asked.
"Yes. I mean, it's a bit rough around the edges," Willow allowed.
"A bit?" Heath asked, raising one eyebrow.
"Ok, it's a craphole. But I can picture what it could be, you know? With a little time and patience. It is too bad that the building is scheduled for demolition. Some community center was trying to raise the money to rehab it, but they couldn't meet the bank's deadline and it was sold to a developer. Can't stop progress I guess," Willow said with a shrug.
"I guess not," Heath agreed.
They walked on, the tension between them falling away as they slipped into easy conversation. At points they lapsed into comfortable silences, the noises of the city all the chatter they needed. Heath felt like he was falling under a spell. He'd never met anyone like Willow.
All too quickly they were at Willow's dormitory. She wished Heath a hasty goodbye, suddenly realizing that she'd broken her resolve about not fraternizing with the enemy. She backed away from him down the path.
"Thursday at ten then? To finalize the seating arrangements?" Heath asked as he subconsciously took two steps towards her in his reluctance to let her go.
"Yep. Ten on Thursday," Willow said before disengaging to enter her building.
Heath walked back to the party supply shop to retrieve his car, alone with his thoughts.

Chapter 11
"If we move Senator Roberts and his wife to table fifteen we can put John and Sally Han at twelve. The Hans know the Talbots, who are already at twelve, and Senator Roberts plays golf with Dr. Shaya who is sitting at fifteen," Heath said as he moved the paper place markers with the corresponding  names around the numbered tables that they'd created out of copy paper.
They both stared at the tables, scrutinizing the placements. They'd been arranging and re-arranging the paper party people for three hours now, trying to find a balance that would suit the needs of all the gala attendees. The names that had meant nothing to Willow at the beginning of the exercise had now taken shape as phantom people in her imagination based on the snippets of description that Heath muttered as he worked through the seating arrangements.
"I think that's it!" Heath exclaimed finally, "Though I will want to sleep on it and give it another look through in the morning with fresh eyes. I'll email you the finalized list before noon tomorrow so that you can make it to the printer for the escort cards and the other files I sent over previously."
"You're one short at table number one," Willow noted, indicating an empty seat at the paper table, "We can just put one less chair there; I don't think anyone will notice if there are eleven instead of twelve. Unless... oh, it's for your plus one of course," she finished, embarrassed.
"Well, actually, that seat's for you," Heath said, "After all of the hard work that you've put into this event, the night wouldn't feel complete if you weren't there."
Willow looked at the floor, "Oh, wow. As much as I'd love to meet Stephanie Jensen and find out if she really does snort when she laughs like you say she does I just... don't know if that's such a great idea. I mean, I won't know anyone."
"And I won't like anyone, which is why you have to go. A friendly face in a sea of phonies would mean a lot to me," Heath said, his smile imploring her.
"Well... alright. It will be kind of neat to see the old place all decked out," Willow said.
"Great! Pick you up at six?" Heath asked.
"I'll meet you here at six," Willow amended.
Heath grinned, "Works for me."
After Willow had left, Heath took a picture of the place setting arrangements before cleaning up the scraps of paper. Mr. Coggins, the library director, approached him. "Everything on track for the big gala on Saturday?" he asked.
"Yes, I think so. Thank you for lending me Willow; she's been an invaluable assistant," Heath said.
"Oh, no trouble at all. She's a hardworking girl, and sweet natured as well. I'm glad I took her father's recommendation and hired her on last year. I normally don't take on freshman aides, but Frank and I have known each other since we both went to Columbia ourselves," Mr. Coggins informed him.
Heath looked confused, "Willow's father went to Columbia? Someone told me he works as a garbage man."
Mr. Coggins laughed, "Frank Asher a garbage man? Well, now. Come to think of it, that's not entirely off base. Frank is an environmental engineer. Top of his field. He's currently working on a prototype that they hope to use to clean up the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. Though I have no clue why someone would simplify that to garbage man."
Heath smiled, "I have no idea."
-----
"Hey Willow," Skye answered on the second ring.
"Hey Sissy! How's things?" Willow asked.
"Oh, everything's crazy as usual. Daddy's off to save the world again, and Clover's failing algebra. Again. Mother is hinting around at signing me up to play the flippin' Virgin Mary in the church Christmas pageant. At Thanksgiving could you gently work that time I got so nervous I threw up on stage into the conversation?"
"The time at the Peach Festival Princess talent show, or the senior class president speech thing?" Willow asked.
"Peach festival. I managed to make it to the bathroom senior year thank God, but that doesn't work in my favor here. I need to get out of this house Willow. I'm seriously considering getting an apartment in the city for the rest of the school year. She's going to give me a nervous breakdown."
"Oh Skye, I'm so sorry," Willow comforted. It had always been like that for Skye. Forced into one thing after another so that Mother could live vicariously through her beautiful daughter.
"Oh, never mind. There's no point in dwelling on it. How are you? How's the gala planning going? You haven't brought that up once since you started working on it. Is the dean's nephew nice?" Skye asked.
"It's going great! Just have some final errands to run tomorrow and we should be all set," Willow said, before quickly changing the subject.

Chapter 12
Willow still wasn't sure that she was making the right decision by going to the gala. While the thought of a fancy night out obviously had her tweeked, she wanted, no, she needed to be done with Heath. Being around him was... dangerous. Not to mention that the thought of buying an off-the-rack dress with zero time for alterations terrified her. Just over both the five foot and the hundred pound mark, shopping had never been easy for Willow. And now she was without Skye, her greatest shopping ally. 
Willow headed for the mall, hoping against hope that she could find an acceptable dress. But store after store just yielded deeper disappointment. Willow was just about to throw in the towel when she finally found a winner. Though the navy dress was floor-length, and the bodice fitted, it was as if the designer had been using Willow's body as a form. The fit was flawless.
She finished her errands, feeling far more excited than she thought she ought to about the upcoming event.
-----
Heath arrived for the gala early, popped inside to say hello to his aunt, then returned to the entryway to await Willow's arrival. The night was crisp; a chilly breeze cut through the starry sky. Heath rubbed his hands together to warm them.
And then she came. And she was more beautiful than anything he'd ever beheld. Together, they entered the building.
The event space, a relatively new addition to the rear of the library, had been draped with strands of golden fairy lights, giving the room a warm, rich glow. The linens, place settings, and other adornments were spot-on, mimicking the neoclassical design of the room. Heath definitely knew what he was doing. Willow found the effect breathtaking. 
Nibbles and champagne circulated as the arriving guests mingled before the formal call to dinner was announced. When the notice was given, the attendees filed in an orderly fashion towards the dining area.
Heath and Willow found their place cards and headed for table number one. Dean Genaro, an imposing woman who to this point Willow had only seen in photograph, was already seated at the table. Introductions were made, and she gave Willow an appraising look.
"Miss Asher. You are the young lady that has been working for my nephew?" Dean Genaro asked. The fact that she said 'working for' instead of 'working with' didn't go unnoticed by Willow.
Willow smiled, "Yes. It's very nice to meet you."
"With your accent, you must be from the south," Dean Genaro stated. It was evident from her tone that she found this to be an unfortunate situation.
"Texas," Willow said, her tone not carrying a hint of apology.
"Hmm. I assume that you attend the University?" the Dean asked.
"I do," Willow confirmed, "I'm a political science major."
"Hmm," the Dean said again, the sound a pronouncement, "An interesting major to leave home so far behind for. And how did you happen upon Columbia Miss Asher?"
"My father attended Columbia. Class of seventy-six," Willow informed the Dean.
"Is that so?" the Dean asked raising her heavily penciled eyebrows, "And what does your father do for a living?"
Willow hesitated, remembering her response the last time that she'd been asked the question. 
"Her father is Frank Asher. He's one of the country's top environmental engineers," Heath offered. Willow looked at him, clearly both surprised and suspicious. Heath just grinned at her.
"An environmental engineer you say?" the Dean said, recalling Willow's attention to herself. She was impressed in spite of herself, "That is a respectable occupation indeed. Are there other Asher children?"
"Yes, there are five us all together. Five daughters. I am the second eldest," Willow replied.
"Five daughters! Goodness! The private school tuition must have been quite a burden for your father on his public servant's salary," Dean Genaro speculated.
"Oh, we went to public school," Willow informed her, finding the Dean's flabbergasted expression at this announcement amusing.
"Hmm," said the Dean.
Willow spent the remainder of the dinner holding her own against the most invasive line of questioning that she'd ever had directed towards her. A less collected woman might have cracked under the pressure, but Heath was pleased to see Willow holding her own against his overbearing Aunt.
To Willow's great relief, Dean Genaro's attention was finally waylaid by a member of the board of directors.
"Dance with me?" Heath asked, leaning close so that only she could hear.
Willow agreed and rose from the table, thankful for any opportunity to escape Dean Genaro.

Chapter 13
Heath took Willow gently by the hand and led her to the dance floor as the DJ keyed up "Perfect" by Ed Sheeran. Heath placed his hands on her hips, his touch making her flesh warm. She looked at him, and their eyes met.
"Your Aunt is something," Willow said, mostly to distract herself from his tawny eyes.
Heath smiled, "As someone who has known her for his entire life, I can say with emphatic certainty that she is definitely... something. I'm sorry if she made you feel uncomfortable."
"Believe me, I am the last person in the world that you need to apologize to for a family member's behavior."
They spun in slow circles, the magic of the night making Willow forget that she hated him, at least for the moment.
"Why did you tell me that your dad was a garbage man?" Heath asked.
Willow replied, "I don't know. Impulsivity I guess. It's not exactly untrue."
"No," Heath admitted, "But it is a purposeful twisting of the facts with the intent to deceive."
Willow made a non-committal head gesture and shrugged, "How did you find out anyway? Some sort of background check?"
"Mr. Coggins told me. It just came up in conversation though, it's not like I was checking up on you or anything," Heath was captivated, "You always keep me on my toes Willow. I've had people try to make me think that their family was more impressive than they actually were, but I don't think I've ever had someone try to make me think that they were less."
He looked deeply into her eyes as the song ended, and Willow hastily excused herself to use the ladies room.
In spite of Willow's repeated protests, Heath insisted on walking her the block and a half back to her dormitory after the gala. The chill had deepened, the breeze nearing wind.
As they approached the entry door to her building, Willow felt foreboding build up inside of her. She attempted a casual weave towards the edge of the path in a bid to increase the distance between herself and Heath, but his stride mirrored hers. Willow gulped.
"The gala was a hit. And I couldn't have done it without your help. Thank you Willow," Heath said as they stopped, now facing each other in her doorway.
Willow tried to avoid his eyes, "It was fun. Thank you for inviting me tonight. Perhaps I'll run into you out in the city sometime."
Heath didn't move to leave, and Willow was finally forced to meet his eyes. He was looking at her, eyes soft, lips slightly parted. He leaned in to kiss her. She could smell and feel the intoxicating heat radiating off of him as he drew closer. She turned her face away.
"I'm sorry," Heath said, taken completely off guard by her reaction, "Did I do something wrong?"
Willow shook her head. Small, nervous shakes. She backed away, "No, no. I'm sorry. I just can't is all."
"Can you do me the favor of telling me why?" he asked, his voice cold. He was clearly hurt by her rejection.
"I just... don't think we'd be a good match is all. I'm sorry Heath. I didn't want to hurt you," Willow said, feeling wretched for being the cause of the hurt look on his face.
But Heath's wounded pride wouldn't allow him to let the subject drop, "I felt you in my arms and saw the way that you looked at me when we danced. A woman doesn't feel like that when she's not interested. Why don't you just admit that my family's wealth intimidates you?"
Willow felt what Skye referred to as 'the patented Willow Asher temper' flare to life. She? Intimidated by him? "Did you ever consider that maybe it's your personality that rubs me the wrong way, not your family's social status?"
"My personality is offensive? Oh, that's rich. I've been nothing but pleasant while you have gone out of your way to be cold to me from the start. What have I done that's so wrong? Wounded your pride with some stupid comment I made to my friend before I even knew you?" Heath asked heatedly.
"How about the fact that you and Jessie manipulated Justin into breaking my sister's heart!" Willow countered, her voice rising in her anger.
Heath froze, taking in the accusation, "I'll admit that I told Justin that I thought dating your sister was a bad idea. After the way that your Mother was talking in the viewing room, who can blame me?"
Willow felt hot tears try to well up in her eyes. She willed them away. There it was. Her suspicions confirmed. She couldn't remember when she'd been so angry, "And the nephew of an Aunt like yours doesn't understand that you shouldn't judge someone based on their family? Do you know why I told you that my Dad was a garbage man? Because I knew that you and that snake Jessie would make sure that it got to Justin. And I wanted him to step up for my sister, show that none of that petty bullshit mattered to him. But he failed. And so did you. Here's a thought; next time try laying aside your preconceptions and taking the time to actually get to know people before you judge them."
"This from the woman who judged me the moment she met me," Heath pointed out.
"Judgement that has since been supported by evidence! And I'm not just talking about you hurting my sister either. I know about what you did to poor Professor Stoddard."
Heath looked confused, "Who's Professor Stoddard?"
"Dave Stoddard? He worked for your father's firm. He told me about how you stole that money and blamed it on him. How he was fired because of you. Yeah, you've been nothing but pleasant."
Heath looked at her as if she'd slapped him, "Well. Thank you for your reply to the question. I'm glad I now know what you truly think of me. Have a good life Willow," and with that, Heath turned and walked away, leaving Willow standing there, fighting to swallow the lump in her throat.

Chapter 14
How could she have let herself forget what an arrogant prick he was? Willow tore at her hairpins, her manicured updo morphing into a deranged poof.
She took off the dress and flung it into the corner, stuffed her toiletries and a towel into a bag, and stalked down the hall towards the community showers. The hallway was mercifully deserted, preventing her from having to hide the nasty look that she was sure was on her face.
She slammed on the shower and climbed beneath the lukewarm flow. As she shampooed, Willow found that the worst of her anger quickly dissipated. Her temper was often like that; bubbling up in an instant, then quickly loosing its potency. And in the place where the anger used to be, Willow began to feel the first twinges of unease with the way that she'd treated Heath. She had gone into the night determined to be nice about blowing him off, but he just couldn't let it go. He'd pushed her... and she'd lost it. She always felt bad after she lost it.
And his face. The way that he'd looked at her when she'd flung the whole Professor Stoddard thing in his face... She'd hurt him. And Willow didn't like to hurt people, even if they were complete jerks.
She went to sleep curled up into a ball, telling herself that her upset belly was probably from eating so much cheese at the gala.
-----
When she saw Heath's email in her inbox the following morning, Willow immediately closed out of the mail application. It took her a solid two hours to build up the courage to finally read what he'd sent her.
Willow,
I'm not sure why I'm sending this to you. I know that your opinion of me is formed, and I'm not the kind of man to want the attentions of a woman whose distain for me is so clear. Let's just call this email a defense of my honor for pride's sake. 
When Justin asked for my opinion of his desire to pursue your sister, I told him that I didn't think it was a good idea. The circumstances of their meeting on the set of a reality television program, your mother and sisters' behavior in the viewing room, and Justin's overall gullible nature were all contributing factors to my recommendation. If you'll recall I only met your sister briefly, and am not so presumptuous to assume that I could judge her character based upon those interactions. 
Additionally, I would like to note that I was in a rather sour mood about the whole Wild Weekend situation from the start. When Justin was first approached with the pitch to star in a dating show, I strongly recommended against it. Justin agreed that it was a bad idea, and I thought the matter had been dropped.
Then all of a sudden I was getting a text begging me to be his wingman for the weekend because Jessie had talked him into doing the show. I was upset that he let his sister push him around again, and I was upset that I had to forgo my weekend plans at the last minute in order to attempt to save my friend from himself.
Perhaps I should have kept my thoughts on the matter to myself. But when a friend asks for my honest opinion, I'm usually in the habit of giving it. However, I assure you that in spite of what you may think hurting your sister did not factor into my decision on how to advise Justin, and I am sorry to have caused her suffering.
And now for your other charge. I'm not sure exactly what accusations Professor Stoddard has laid upon my character, so I am limited in my ability to defend myself. All that I can do is tell you my side of the story and leave it to you to believe who you may.
As children, my sister and I would often amuse ourselves with games of hide-and-seek when visiting our father's office. During one such game I ducked into a cubical that turned out to belong to a David Stoddard. When he happened upon me he threatened to call security and I ran out laughing, finding it amusing that he obviously didn't know who I was. 
At some point after that my father and mother sat me down to discuss a series of thefts that had taken place around my father's office. They explained to me that they had finally tracked down a suspect, but that the accused had blamed an unnamed youth that he had seen in the office. Me.
I told my father the truth; that I had nothing to do with the thefts. My father believed me. David Stoddard was terminated. 
I had no motive to steal. Money was never exactly in short supply in my world, and I wasn't the type of child to find amusement in misdeeds. Not to mention, I was nowhere near my father's office when the majority of the thefts occurred. Obviously though, you are free to believe who you will.
I would also like to take a moment to point out that for someone with such big ideas about not judging people based off of incomplete evidence, you were very quick to take his side against me without even giving me the chance to defend myself. But I guess that's just a manifestation of how you've felt about me from the start.
Anyway, thanks again for your help with the gala, say hi to your sister for me, and don't worry; you won't be hearing from me again.
Heathcliff Haverschmidt

Chapter 15
After her original read through of Heath's email, Willow re-read the twelve paragraphs no fewer than thirty-seven times, trying to squeeze every drop of meaning out of what was said, and inferring countless meanings from the things that Heath had left unsaid.
He'd admitted that he'd hurt Skye. And anyone who hurt her sister was a sworn enemy. 
But she had to concede that his reasoning for disapproving of the relationship was sound. She found comfort in the fact that his judgement had been based more on what he knew of Justin than of what he'd thought of Skye. And as Willow herself had thought the whole idea of finding true love on reality television absurd, could she really blame him for sharing many of the same feelings about the matter as she had?
And what about Professor Stoddard? Was Heath lying? Or was the Professor? And did it even matter? 
Did he hate her?
...did she hate him?
Willow's final class before the Thanksgiving break was Political Theory II; Professor Stoddard's class. When he gave her a warm, knowing smile across the room she made a mental note to request an advisor change at the end of the semester.
-----
Back at home for Thanksgiving, Willow's mood went from bad to worse. Being around Mother and the two youngest sisters had always tested Willow's patience. But Clover's behavior over the holiday was even worse than usual.
"My boyfriend told me that turkeys are so stupid that they will drown themselves looking up at the sky when it's raining," Clover said casually at dinner, placing just a hint of emphasis on the word boyfriend.
"Yeah, that's not true," Willow said around a mouthful of mashed potatoes.
Clover shrugged.
"Oh, you have a boyfriend now Clover?" Skye asked sweetly. 
Mother jumped in. She'd clearly been waiting for the topic to be broached, "Only fifteen and dating a senior! The varsity quarterback no less! You do have such a pretty face Clover, and your womanly form has really been taking shape since you've been skipping those extra snacks. You lose another five pounds and Skye may have a bit of competition for the most popular Asher girl in high school after all!"
Clover preened. Willow gagged. Skye said nothing.
Mother went on, "And Skye didn't have her first steady boyfriend until she was seventeen, isn't that right Baby Blue?"
Skye smiled tightly, "That sounds about right. Dawn, would you please pass the rolls?"
"And you've only ever had the three serious boyfriends Skye," Clover joined in, basking in the glow of the overthrow of the queen, "Have you even dated anyone since Justin?"
Skye declined to respond and poked at her food.
"I'm just saying that you're already twenty-four, with no sign of a prospective husband. You need to stop being so shy or you're going to end up an old maid," Clover said with feigned concern.
Willow gave Clover a withering look. Clover just smiled, switching target, "How about you Willow? Any special guys up at Columbia?"
"Stuff it Clover," Willow snapped.
"I thought not. Maybe my sisters need to take some lessons from me. I'll teach them how to find boyfriends." Clover laughed.
One of the few highlight of the trip for Willow was the Saturday that she spent shopping and reconnecting with Skye in Dallas. Being with Skye was always good for Willow's soul. There was something so refreshing about seeing the world through her sister's rose-colored glasses, even if those glasses were a bit less rosy of late.
But, it seemed that things in Skye's world would soon be looking up. While they were munching pretzels in the food court, she disclosed to Willow that she'd been apartment hunting in secret. And she had finally found a unit that was within both her desired budget and neighborhood. Skye had already paid the deposit, and would be moving in on January first.
Willow was ecstatic for her sister, "Oh Skye! I'm so proud of you for finally doing this! You've only been talking about moving out for years. What finally got you to go through with it?"
Skye had just shrugged and smiled, saying that she wasn't sure.
Though the sisters talked about practically everything that Saturday, Willow never did tell Skye about her and Heath's reunion at Columbia. On some level it was to protect Skye from the associative memories that would surely arise at the mention of Heath's name. But it was more than that. It was as if what had happened between Heath and herself was private. Something that Willow didn't want to share, not even with her sister. 

Chapter 16
Heath couldn't believe that his Dad and Talia had blown them off. Again. He sighed as he tucked the phone back into his pocket, not bothering to respond to his father's "that was tonight?" text message. 
He knew that his father and his much-younger third wife were still in the lovestruck honeymoon period, but this was ridiculous. Heath had purchased the tickets for the show months ago, and had personally entered the December 16th date into his father's digital calendar to ensure he'd remember. Not to mention the reminder text he'd sent him just the day before. Six hundred dollars down the drain.
He turned to Josephina to break the news, but was completely sidetracked when he saw an unmistakable woman across the crowded lobby. He muttered his apologies to Josephina, and pursued the figure. Josephina called after him, but he paid her no attention, weaving in and out of the crowd, growing frustrated when he lost sight of the woman's slight form in the throng. He turned on the spot, desperately scanning the crowd.
"Heath?" came the unmistakable voice from behind him.
Heath turned.
Willow looked stunning in black. He searched her eyes, trying to read her emotions.
"You're here. I can't believe you're here," he said.
"My Aunt and I see the Rockettes every year at Christmas. She's paying the taxi and should be here any minute," Willow fiddled with her clutch, unsure of what to say next, "Are you here alone?"
"So this is where you ran off to," said Josephina as she joined them, her irritation at having been ditched evident. Willow noted with dismay that Heath's date was stunning. She was thin, with a soft, beautiful face. And she was tall. Willow wished that she'd chosen her heels instead of the stupid flats.
"Oh, yes. There you are," Heath said absently to Josephina, never removing his eyes from Willow.
Josephina looked back and forth between Heath and Willow, "Aren't you going to introduce us Heath?"
Heath shook his head as if to clear it, "Of course, I'm sorry. Willow, this is my sister, Josephina. Josephina... this is Willow."
Willow's heart rejoiced. His sister! "It's so nice to meet you Josephina."
Josephina returned her smile, "It's nice to meet you as well Willow! Heath's told me so much about you."
Willow felt an embarrassed flush wash over her. She wondered what, exactly, Heath had told her. Surely not everything if Josephina was smiling at her.
"Oh, look. Here's my Aunt," Willow said, so very grateful for her aunt's perfect timing, "Aunt Lucy, this is my friend Heath Haverschmidt and his sister, Josephina."
Aunt Lucy, a well-mannered woman in her late sixties, smiled warmly, "So nice to meet friends of my favorite niece! The Spectacular is my favorite holiday tradition. Have you seen the show before dear?" she asked Josephina.
"Yes, but not since I was a child. I'm excited to see it again. I am starting to worry about my father and his wife though. If they don't get here soon, they're going to miss the start of the show," Josephina said, turning to glance at the door.
"Oh, that's right," Heath said, "They're not coming."
Josephina's face fell, "He cancelled at the last minute again?"
Heath shrugged.
Josephina's face suddenly brightened, "Oh, I know! Willow and Aunt Lucy, you simply must join us for the show! Heath's gotten us the best seats in the house and it would be such a shame to see two of them sit empty," she looked expectantly at Willow.
"I don't know," Willow delayed, casting Heath a look out of the corner of her eye.
"Please do," he asked her, his voice telling her just how much he wanted her to say yes.
Once Heath had endorsed the idea, Willow accepted the invitation, and she and Heath found themselves sitting side by side during the performance. Sitting so close beside him during the show made Willow feel warm all over. And while they didn't speak during the program, there was plenty of communication. Sidelong glances, rearranged leg positions, and, of course, hand placement. Though their hands never actually made contact during the show, they did share a hand rest through much of the performance, the air in the millimeters between them broiling with the heat. The night air when they stepped outside after the show was a blessing to Willow's overheated skin.
While Aunt Lucy hailed a cab and Josephina took a conveniently timed phone call, Heath and Willow stood alone on the sidewalk. 
"I still can't believe you were here tonight," Heath said to her.
Willow replied, "And I can't believe that you just happened to have two extra tickets for amazing seats on hand. Thank you, my Aunt really enjoyed it. And I did too."
Their eyes met and Willow's heart quickened. But then her phone rang, breaking the spell. She pulled it out and checked. Skye. She clicked it to voicemail.
"Would you like to meet for coffee later? After I see my sister home?" Heath asked her.
Willow smiled, "I think I'd like that."
The phone rang again.
Willow frowned, "Excuse me a moment."
She pulled the phone back out of her pocket. It was Skye again. She answered, "Hello?"
"Willow! Daddy's had a heart attack. Please come home quick."

Chapter 17
It took eight agonizing hours for Willow to finally arrive at the hospital. Daddy was resting when she got there, Skye asleep beside him in one of the hospital's convertible chairs. Silent tears leaked from Willow's eyes. He looked so old and frail, wires and monitors and IVs making the scene almost more than her exhausted mind could handle. He'd been in his forties already when Skye was born, and was now nearing seventy. The thought caused Willow's own heart to constrict. She couldn't bear the thought of losing him.
Skye stirred and saw Willow. She held one finger to her lips, and the sisters silently crept to the hall.
"How is he?" Willow asked.
"He's stable," Skye's voice was hoarse, her eyes puffy, "Mother said he complained that he wasn't feeling well and went to take a nap. When she went to check on him, he wouldn't wake up. It was a blockage in one of his arteries. They did an angioplasty and put in a stint. They said that the surgery went well and they think he's going to be ok," her voice cracked, but she regained her composure, "He was talking earlier for a bit, but then he fell back asleep."
"How did he sound?" Willow asked.
"Tired. But, he's been through a lot, so I think that's probably normal. He said he felt fine, but you know Daddy. He never complains about anything," Skye looked worried.
"He's going to be ok Skye. I'm so sorry I wasn't here. For him and for you. Where's Mother?"
Skye sighed, "I sent her home to get some rest. She's... upset."
"A hot mess you mean," Willow guessed.
Skye nodded, "Thank you for coming so fast. You look exhausted. Come and curl up on the chair next to him for a bit. I could use a cup of coffee and a shower if you don't mind taking over the watch for a bit," she released a shaky breath, "It's been a really long night."
Willow reached out and pulled her sister into a hug. Skye immediately burst into tears. This, of course, caused Willow to start crying again, and the two clung to each other until their sobs finally slowed. Once composed, Skye peeked into the room and blew Daddy a kiss before leaving him with the only person that she trusted to take care of him in this condition.
Willow lay down on the uncomfortable chair, watching the monitors and listening to Daddy's rhythmic breathing. She'd watch him until he woke; there was no way that she could sleep at a time like this.
-----
"Wake up sleepyhead."
Willow peeped one eye open. Then, remembering where she was, both eyes flew wide and she sat bolt upright. Bright morning sunlight streamed in through the hospital window.
Daddy chuckled. Willow was glad to see that he had regained some of his color while she slept. And his voice, though weak, didn't sound pained. He was sitting propped up in bed, a crossword puzzle book and half-consumed breakfast on the bedside table tray.
"You must have been awfully tired to sleep through the herd of doctors and nurses they've got parading through this place every fifteen minutes," Daddy teased.
"Oh Daddy," Willow jumped up and ran to his side before embracing him in a delicate hug.
He chuckled, "I won't break, you know."
"I'm so sorry that I wasn't here," Willow choked, trying not to cry. Daddy pulled her close and rubbed her hair, making soft sushing noises and telling her not to be silly.
"Did Skye call?" Willow asked after she had collected herself.
Daddy nodded, "A little while ago."
"And Mother?" Willow asked.
"Not yet. But Skye did say that Mother had mentioned the word Ambien, so I'm not entirely surprised that she's not up yet."
"On a scale of one to ten, how bad was she?" Willow asked.
Daddy just smiled.
Willow sighed, "Daddy?"
"Yes?" he asked.
"Daddy... Why did you marry her?" Willow finally blurted out.
Daddy's eyebrows raised. Clearly, he was taken off guard by the question. He shifted uncomfortably on the bed as he tried to think of how best to answer.
"When I was young I wasn't looking for a wife. I was married to my work, and I thought that work was the only love that I'd ever need. But then one day I was forty and found that my priorities had changed. I wanted children, and for that I needed a wife. Your Mother was beautiful and exciting, traits that I wanted my future offspring to have," he shrugged.
Willow picked at the end of the hospital blanket.
"Your Mother can be a lot Willow, but I hope that you don't look upon your dear old Daddy's choice of wife too harshly. I don't. When I see my five beautiful, talented, and mostly brilliant daughters, I know that everything played out exactly as it should have. And at least life with Mother is definitely never boring. But, if you want my advice," he looked around the room in a feigned conspiratorial fashion, "When you decide to get married, personality compatibility should probably be a big factor in your choice of spouse."
Willow laughed and hugged him, "I'll try to remember that Daddy."

Chapter 18
It was three days before Christmas when Daddy finally came home from the hospital. The ladies of the house made such a fuss over him that by the end of his first day at home he was begging for a few quiet hours in his library alone. Eventually the China doll treatment subsided of course, and things went pretty much back to normal. The only lasting change that Willow noticed was that Mother, who really did love Daddy in her own crazy way, seemed to be making an authentic effort to keep her dramatics in check. Whether she could keep it up long term or not remained to be seen, but Willow found her feelings towards Mother softened by the fact that she was at least giving it a shot.
Willow was also pleased to find Clover less obnoxious this visit. Though she supposed the fact that Clover's boyfriend had dumped her for her best friend probably had something to do with the deflation of her ego.
Daddy got stronger every day, and at his first check-up after his release from the hospital he was given a glowing report. He would have to take it easy for a while, of course. But it looked like the stint was doing its job and he should soon be feeling as good as, if not better, than before the attack. Even so, Willow casually floated the idea of him taking a few months off from traveling, and Daddy had agreed to think about it.
Heath didn't email Willow once over the holidays. Not that she was checking. Obsessively. Every ten minutes. All day long. He had sent a fruit basket to the hospital though. 
"A fruit basket? Who sends a fruit basket?" Mother had asked when the gift had arrived, spinning the basket in her hands as if she was examining an alien specimen.
When Mother had read Heath's name off of the card accompanying the gift, Willow's heart had jumped. She'd snatched the note from Mother's hand before she even had time to process what she was doing.
Get Well Soon.
Heathcliff Haverschmidt
That had been it. And the note was typed, not handwritten. Willow checked the back of the card.
"Well that was nice of him," Skye noted, though she was clearly confused as to why in the world Heath had sent their father a fruit basket.
Willow didn't bother explaining. 
She'd secretly hoped that their accidental encounter at Radio City had sparked the same feelings in him as it had in her. But as the days passed with no further contact from Heath, Willow saw how deluded she'd been. After the way that she'd treated him on the night of the gala, there was no way that he'd be interested in dating her. He'd only sent the fruit basket out of obligation, of course.
And now she'd never hear from him again.
Only when that thought occurred to her did she understand just how deep her feelings for Heath truly were. The night of the gala was one that she'd regret forever.
-----
The day before she was due to fly out for New York, Willow approached her father's library door and knocked gently.
"Come in," Daddy called, his voice muffled by the solid oak door.
Willow opened the door and padded into the room. Daddy's library was a quiet place. A magic place filled with the scent of memories. She crossed to his great squashy chair and perched on the arm, waiting patiently for Daddy to finish his paragraph.
When he had finished, he looked at her. Reading her emotions in her eyes, he asked with concern, "What's wrong Willow?"
She shrugged.
"Oh, come on now. Don't be difficult. Tell me what's on your mind," Daddy encouraged, setting his novel aside.
"Southern Methodist has a good Poli Sci program, right?"
Daddy considered her for a minute before slowly answering, "Yes. Why?"
Willow shrugged again, "I dunno. I was just thinking that it might be nice to be closer to home is all. And Southern Methodist is right in Dallas."
Daddy looked at her hard, "And this doesn't have anything to do with my heart attack, right?"
Willow shrugged again.
The truth was that she'd been dreading going back to school ever since the moment that she'd arrived at the hospital that night. How could she leave her Daddy so soon after his heart attack? Especially now, when Skye had just moved into her own place? Who was going to look after him?
And what was she going back to New York for anyway? If she was being honest with herself, escaping Mother had been the primary objective in choosing a school so far from home, and the decision seemed childish now.
Her family was here. In New York there was nothing.
Daddy sighed, "You can't stop living your life because you're afraid that I'm going to die Willow. Because guess what? I am going to die."
"Daddy!" Willow protested.
"Now, I didn't say that it was going to happen today. But sure as sunset it's going to happen eventually and there's not a damn thing that you or I or anyone else can do about it. Go back to school. Live your life and give your dear old Daddy a call once in a while to tell me all about it. Besides," Daddy said, patting her knee as he rose to his feet, "I have a prototype that needs testing before the end of the month so I'll be flying out as soon as the damn doctors give me the all clear anyway."
"Daddy! I thought you said you would think about taking it easy for a while," Willow scolded.
Daddy shrugged, "I thought about it."
Willow shook her head, knowing there was nothing that she could say or do to change his mind, "I love you Daddy."
He smiled at her, his eyes telling her how deeply that he meant it, "I love you too Willow."

Chapter 19
It was snowing when Willow stepped out of the subway and onto the New York sidewalk. Big, fat, lazy snowflakes coated the streets in dreamy splendor. Willow loved the city most in winter, draped in a coat of white. She decided to walk the long way back to campus to enjoy the scenery and stretch her legs after her long day of travel. Maybe a stroll in the beautiful urban wonderland would be just the thing to snap her out of the funk she still found herself in.
The route to the university took her past The Millender, a fact she didn't consciously acknowledge until the rundown building came into view. As she approached the structure, Willow mused that it looked as she felt; lonely and run down. The thought was not comforting. Willow wished in that moment that she hadn't come back. 
She had almost passed the building when she took one final look and noticed a large sign, newly pasted on the glass next to the building's front door. Curious, Willow crossed the street to take a closer look.
Future Home of the Morningside Community Center
Building a Stronger Community Through Volunteers and Resources
Since 1953 the Morningside Community Center has been connecting unemployed, low income, elderly, frail, and disabled individuals with resources to decrease the burden of their hardships. The Center's currently leased 500 square foot space is woefully inadequate to meet the needs of the community. Made possible through an anonymous donation, the newly remodeled Millender Building will allow for an unprecedented expansion of these efforts, providing a physical space for community education programs as well as space for an on-site emergency pantry and clothing closet for the needy.
The building, as well as funds to cover the cost of the renovation work, have been generously gifted by Triple H Charitable Endowments, an anonymously backed donor-advised fund. The volunteers and individuals served by the center would like to express our most sincere appreciation to the donor or donors responsible for this life-changing gift.
The sign went on to provide information about volunteer opportunities and a phone number to contact if interested. Willow's heart pounded. It was just a coincidence of course. She pulled out her phone, hands shaking so badly that she could hardly type in the phone number.
The woman who answered explained that no, she didn't know who the anonymous donor was. All they had been told was that Triple H Charitable Endowments, which is anonymously funded, would be covering the cost of the building, renovations, as well as providing funds to ensure the basic operating costs of the center would be met for years to come. 
Willow hung up the phone and changed course, heading for the library instead of her dorm.
Two hours later she sat rubbing her temples, frustrated. Though she'd employed all of her considerable research skills to the matter, Willow was still no closer to discovering the identity of the individual or individuals responsible for the gift to the community center. The closest she'd come was a reporter at the Times. The reporter, Trevor Gershwin, had written numerous articles over the past several years extolling the work of the cloaked Triple H. During a phone call with Willow he had actually acknowledged knowing the source of the funds on a personal level.
"If you could even provide me with a hint to point me in the right direction Mr. Gershwin-"
"Trevor," Trevor said, a hint of a smile in his voice.
"Trevor then. Please. I can assure you that I am not interested in harassing the donor. I'm just... a curious citizen is all," Willow explained.
 "A curious citizen?" Trevor didn't sound convinced.
"Ok then. A person with a sneaky suspicion that someone she knows is behind this. A person who just wants to thank them. Not expose them."
"If the courts can't compel me to reveal my secret sources, I hardly think you have a chance, even if you do have a rather lovely voice. But perhaps you can try to talk me into it in person. Are you free for dinner on Saturday? Say, seven?"
Willow had politely declined and ended the call.
And now she was at a dead end.
"Willow?"
Willow turned to find the source of the voice, "Oh, hello Mr. Coggins."
Mr. Coggin's face was full of concern, "Oh Willow, I heard about your father. How is he doing?"
Willow explained that her father was thankfully feeling better. Then, since he was there, Willow decided to ask for his advice on how best to go about finding the source of the funds. She showed him a photo of the sign that she'd taken on her phone, then explained all of the leads that she'd tracked so far, conveniently leaving out any hint of who she suspected the donor to be. Mr. Coggins thankfully didn't ask any questions, instead looking thoughtful as he considered the situation.
"This reporter, Gershwin? You said he acknowledged knowing the donor, correct?"
Willow nodded.
"Start there. Who is he? And more importantly, who does he know?"
Willow thanked Mr. Coggins for his advice and immediately jumped back into it. She typed "Trevor Gershwin" into the search engine on the computer, then hit the images tab. He looked to be in his late twenties. On a hunch, she tacked "Yale" after "Trevor Gershwin" in the search bar and hit enter.
The first picture that came up was of Trevor, Justin, and Heath. Or rather, as the corresponding image description revealed, Heathcliff Harrison Haverschmidt.
Triple H.

Chapter 20
Willow walked home in a daze.
It had been Heath. He'd donated the Millender to the community center, saving it from obliteration. Willow knew how much money the community center had needed to raise in order to just buy the structure, and the figure had included six zeros. The thought made her head spin.
He'd donated all of that money. But why? She couldn't fathom... could she?
She needed a drink. She needed a drink and a distraction and to never think of Heathcliff Haverschmidt again. She broke into the stash of strawberry wine left behind by a former roommate and turned on Netflix to try to take her mind off of him. It didn't work. Several hours later she was sloppily drunk and pacing her tiny dorm room, obsessing over his every fault and merit and becoming more convinced by the second that he'd donated millions of dollars to a cause because she had happened to mention it.
He was smart, thoughtful, sexy as hell, not to mention apparently mind-blowingly rich. And she'd thrown his advances aside with little consideration and even less civility.
And now he hated her. And she didn't blame him a bit.
Willow began to cry. Unable to handle the churning garbage soup of thoughts in her brain any further, she called Skye.
"I'm so sorry Sissy," Willow sobbed when Skye sleepily answered the phone.
Skye sat up, now wide awake in spite of the late hour, "Willow? Are you ok?"
"Me? I'm fine. Perfectly fine. I'm a terrible sister, a terrible human. But I'm fine," Willow said dramatically.
"Are you drunk?" Skye asked.
"Yes. I'm drunk. I'm drunk because I've messed everyone's lives  up. Yours and Justin's and Heath's. Not to mention mine. And I can't cope right now without being drunk. So that's what I am. Is drunk," Willow explained.
"What are you talking about? Are you talking about Heath Haverschmidt? What in the world are you bringing him up for? Wait... wait, does this have something to do with the fruit basket?" Skye asked, trying to wrap her half-asleep mind around what in the hell her sister was rambling about.
"The fruit basket!" Willow wailed, "The ultimate blow off! Nothing says get bent like frickin' cantaloupe cut into the shapes of flowers."
Willow was inconsolable for nearly a minute before finally calming down enough for Skye to talk.
"So," Skye said, trying to piece things together, "You have a thing for Justin's friend Heath, he sent Daddy a fruit basket, and that somehow ruins everybody's lives?"
"Skye, are you even listening? It's all my fault! That Justin never called! Well, my fault and Heath's fault because he never should have stuck his fat face into it in the first place. And also Jessie's fault because she's the worst. Plus Mother and the girls. Oh, and Justin! Like, grow some balls man! But now your heart, it's just, it's broken and I can't love Heath because he hurt you. You know, him and me and some other people. Not that he wants to date me anymore anyway and who can blame him, really?" Willow tried to explain between sobs.
Skye felt more confused by the second. This conversation was going nowhere fast, "Sissy? I need you to calm down, ok? Can you do that for me?"
"Yes," Willow hiccupped, making an effort to collect herself.
"Good. Are you at the dorm?"
"Yes," Willow sniffed, sounding calmer by the second.
"Good. That's good. You need to go to bed Sissy. Go to bed and call me in the morning. Can you do that?" Skye asked, speaking in the soothing voice one uses with a toddler coming down from a tantrum.
Willow nodded, "Yes. But-"
"Willow? Can you call me in the morning? Please?" Skye asked.
"Ok," Willow agreed, finding comfort somehow in being given permission to forget the ordeal for now, "Goodnight Sissy. I love you."
"I love you too," Skye said, then disconnected the call. She stuck her phone on the nightstand and laid back down. Justin, who was lying in the bed next to her, stirred before cuddling in close and mumbling, "Who was that?"
Skye sighed, "It was Willow. She's in love with Heath and feels guilty because it's their fault that you and I aren't together."
"And you don't think this might have been the perfect opportunity for you to tell her that we are, in fact, actually together?" Justin asked wryly.
Several months back Skye had attended a Halloween party with a couple of girlfriends. Justin had just happened to be in attendance at the very same party. When he saw Skye, he knew immediately that he'd made a huge mistake by not calling her after the show. He'd begged for a second shot, and Skye had happily agreed. Due to the familial pressures that they'd both been placed under the first time around, they'd decided to keep their relationship a secret to start. But lately they'd been toying with the idea of letting the cat out of the bag.
"Pffff," Skye puffed into the pillow, "It's three o'clock in the morning. I am not going down that rabbit hole tonight. Especially not with drunken Willow. She gets practically as dramatic as Mother when she's drinking. I am exhausted. And I am going back to sleep."
"Oh, you are, are you?" Justin whispered wickedly in her ear.
And as it turned out, Skye really wasn't as tired as she'd originally thought she was.

Chapter 21
Willow woke with a pounding headache and an empty canister of coffee. Cursing, she headed to get dressed. There was no way that she was going to survive the day without caffeine.
She checked her phone to see what time she'd drunk dialed Skye the night before and groaned, deciding to wait a bit before calling her back to soberly explain her ravings. Poor Skye. Hopefully she was sleeping in after having her sleep so inconveniently interrupted.
As soon as she walked out of the dorm building, Willow saw him.
Heath. Waiting for her on the low brick wall just opposite the courtyard, his hands tucked into the pockets of his parka to ward off the January chill. Her heart constricted. He'd come for her after all.
Heath stood when he saw her, his pink-tinged cheeks the only sign of his extended wait. They crossed the patio towards each other, coming together at the center.
"How about that coffee?" Heath asked.
Willow smiled, "You read my mind."
They fell into step together, Willow feeling giddy at the knowledge that he walked by her side.
"How's your father?" Heath asked.
"Much better, thankfully. He had a blockage, but they put in a stint and started him on some medication. So far, so good. Thank you for the fruit by the way."
"I hope it was ok. I'm never sure in situations like that what I should send, when to reach out, what to say..." he finished awkwardly.
Heath looked so unsure of himself that Willow longed to offer comfort.
"You did great," she assured him.
Heath smiled, warming Willow's heart, as they turned to enter the coffee shop.
He ordered a coffee black, she a cappuccino. They chose to walk through the park as they talked rather than stay in the shop; it was warmish and the sun was out, casting a trillion sparkling diamonds across the snow-covered world.
Willow played with her coffee cup nervously as they walked, not sure how to begin with what she knew she had to say, "I want to apologize for the things that I said the night of the gala Heath. I haven't had the chance to speak with you privately since then, but I need you to know how much I regret my behavior that night. I was acting based on preconceptions and misinformation. I was mean and hurtful. And I worry that you were taken off guard by my rejection because I may have been unintentionally giving you mixed signals."
"I don't know that you can be blamed for me being taken off guard. I think I just wanted you to like me so badly that I misread your signals. And I'm sorry for the way that I acted as well. I just thought things were going to go differently that night, and I was hurt when you rejected me. The Skye thing, well, I guess I should have seen coming. You've told me how close the two of you are. But Stoddard... that was completely out of left field," Heath admitted.
Willow looked at the ground, embarrassed, "I'm sorry for bringing up Professor Stoddard like that. And I'm really, really sorry for having assumed his version to be true without even giving you a chance to tell your side of the story. If I was going to use what he told me as a basis for judgement of your character, I should have asked you about it straightforwardly. Instead I only brought it up in anger to hurt you."
"Are you going to ask me if I took the money?" Heath asked her, his eyes meeting hers. His voice and expression gave no hint that he'd be upset with her if she did.
Willow slowly shook her head, "I don't think I have to. Did you tell your Aunt about him working at Columbia?"
Heath shook his head.
"Why not?"
Heath shrugged, "It's not my story to tell I guess. I didn't know the man then, and I certainly don't know him now. I don't even know what he said to you exactly. It wouldn't have been right for me to tell my Aunt a story for which I have so little firsthand knowledge. Not when the stakes are so high."
Willow smiled to herself. Heath really did hold to high moral standards. In every relationship that Willow had ever been in, her opinion of the guy that she was dating had started off high, then declined as time went on. But with Heath, it had been the opposite. She actually liked Heath better the more that she knew him.
"I walked past the Millender the other day," she mentioned casually, watching him out of the corner of her eye as she spoke.
Heath startled, then tried to pretend that it hadn't happened, "Oh, is that so? Have they torn it down yet?"
"No. As a matter of fact, there's a notice on the door. Apparently, some fabulously rich donor gave the building to the community center," Willow stated nonchalantly, closely observing Heath's reaction to her words.
"Oh, wow. That's amazing. So glad to hear it. Do you want to stop and grab a muffin or something? I'm starving." Heath was clearly trying to change the subject. Willow's heart warmed to realize that even when she was offering him the chance to lay claim to the admiration that he must surely know accepting credit for the act would illicit, he still wouldn't take it.
"I know it was you Heath."
He looked shocked, "What?"
"Trevor Gershwin."
Now Heath looked angry, "That bastard swore he'd never tell."
"He didn't Heath," Willow laughed, "He wrote several stories about Triple H. I called him to try to wheedle it out of him, but he wouldn't crack."
Heath looked confused, "Then how did you find out?"
"You two went to Yale together. Heathcliff Harrison Haverschmidt? What's up with the Triple H thing anyway? Are you a big wrestling fan?"
"My Dad and I used to watch it together when I was a kid," Heath said, grinning in nostalgia at the memory, "One of the only things we ever did together. Triple H was his childhood nickname for me."
Willow looked into Heath's eyes, "Thank you Heath."
"Full disclosure: Haverschmidt Holdings was the developer that bought the property at auction. I'd been on my Dad to give my charity a deal on the property since I found out that he bought the building, and that was months before I met you. I hate when they tear down history," he grinned, "I may have pushed a bit harder for it after I talked to you though."
"You always keep me on my toes, you know that?" Willow said with a smile.
"So before we go forward," Heath said, reaching out to take her hand, "I just want to make sure that we've addressed all these preconceptions and misconceptions that you mentioned earlier. We've got the fact that I told Justin not to date your sister, for which I am sincerely sorry and promise to tell him whatever you want me to about your sister from this point forward."
Willow laughed.
"And," Heath continued, "We've got the Professor Stoddard situation for which I will take a polygraph if you deem it necessary."
"It won't be," Willow smiled.
Heath looked at her, "Is that it then?"
Willow tapped her lip thoughtfully, "The 'Willow's not exactly in the same league as women I date' thing wasn't my favorite."
Heath grimaced, "So you did hear that."
"Oh yes, I heard that."
"Could I, perhaps, have a shot at clarifying what I meant by that statement?" Heath said, his expression imploring.
Willow crossed her arms and raised an amused eyebrow, "You can try."
"What I meant to say," he gently uncrossed Willow's arms and pulled her close to him, "Is that you're not in the same league as the women I used to date."
"That's pretty much exactly what you said before," Willow pointed out as she wrapped her hands around his neck.
"You didn't let me finish. See, the reason that you're not in the same league as them is because you, Willow Asher, are in a league all your own."
She smiled at him, "That was actually pretty smooth Haverschmidt."
He smiled back, his eyes pulling her in, "Well, I was due."
And then he kissed her.

Chapter 22
Due to a labor strike at the production studio, the release of Wild Weekend was delayed several times. As a result, it was nearly a year before the show finally made it onto the television lineup. Willow and Skye held a viewing party to celebrate the occasion at Skye's Dallas apartment. 
The show was cheesy, as expected, but everyone watching enjoyed it none the less. After all, there's something inherently entertaining about watching two people fall in love. But, as much as everyone enjoyed seeing Justin and Skye coming together, the true highlight of the show was the barrel racing event.
Skye was mortified as she watched her performance, but laughed along good naturedly, "I look like an idiot. Whose idea was the whole barrel racing bit anyway? Because I know it wasn't yours Justin. In all the time that we've been dating, I've still yet to see you on a horse."
Justin rolled his eyes, "It was Jessie's idea. She was pissed when I advanced you to the next round after that ride. But by that point, I was over it. I let her do the stupid barrel racing thing so that she could show off in front of Heath, but I wasn't going to let the best girl in the whole show get away over it."
Justin and Skye's eyes met, the spark between them still burning as hot as ever.
Across the room Willow and Heath sat, hands intertwined, Willow leaning comfortably against Heath's chest. The two of them had found to their great delight that they made a fantastic match, and had rarely been parted since the day that they'd kissed in the park.
Willow had moved out of the dorm and into Heath's place with him a mere three months after that fateful day. Dean Genaro, who learned about the living arrangement through a series of pressing inquiries at Heath's family's Fourth of July celebration, had wholeheartedly approved. She'd been a big fan of Willow's ever since her tip-off about Professor Stoddard had revealed a college admission scandal that he'd been running for years.
As the sisters cleaned up together after the party, Skye sighed dreamily, "I still can't believe that Justin an I will have been dating for a year next month."
"And I still can't believe that you were dating Justin for almost three months before you even told me about it," Willow teased as she collected plates and cups.
"Hey," Skye reminded, "If you would have mentioned that you had fallen in love with Heath to me then I probably would have told you sooner. And anyway, everything worked out in the end. Plus, this way we really have a story to tell the grandkids!"
Willow laughed, "That we do. By the way, Daddy wants you to call him. He and his team are finally planning an expedition to the Pacific next spring to test the strainer system that they've developed, and he wants to be sure the dates don't conflict. How's the wedding planning coming along anyway?"
Skye rolled her eyes, "Terribly. I want the botanical gardens, but Mother is really pushing for The Longhorn Ballroom. I just don't understand why she has to have such a strong conviction that everything in life should be just as she wants it to be. Justin's got this gift of talking her into things though, so I'm thinking of putting him on this one," Skye sighed, "We should have eloped like you and Heath did."
At that moment, Justin called Skye's name, and she left to join him.
Willow looked down at her hand, taking in the three-caret stunner positioned on her finger. Hundreds of tiny rainbows danced across it as she turned the diamond in the late afternoon sunlight slanting in the apartment window. Even after months of wearing the ring, a family heirloom passed down from Heath's grandmother, it still dazzled her.
Heath walked up behind her, wrapping her in his arms, "You just about ready to head to the airport? Our flight back to New York leaves in two hours," the whisper of his breath against her flesh sent a tingle throughout her body.
Willow smiled up at him, more dazzled by far by him than by the ring, "Yes, dear husband, I am."

The End
