WIND
Rise of the Elementals
Volume: 1
By M. J. Roberts
Copyright © 2017 M. J. Roberts
Smashwords 2nd Edition

Cover Art and Illustrations
By N. M. Shannon

Copyright © 2017 N. M. Shannon. Used by permission.
Smashwords 2nd Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication
To my loving family for believing in me, and to Gloria, for having the courage to read it first.
Thank you
Map of the Kingdom of Theron

Table of Contents
Title
Dedication
Map of the Kingdom of Theron
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Other Books by M. J. Roberts

Chapter 1
The young Marquis sat upon his mount at the edge of the valley radiating wealth and power. The quality of his deep crimson cloak and matching tunic gave a hint of his wealth, but the magnificent stallion beneath him revealed wealth beyond that of a normal man. He sat on the animal with the skill and expertise of one long used to time in the saddle despite his youth. At twenty, he knew full well his place in the world, and his manner and appearance spoke of the power and wealth at his fingertips. Surveying the valley below him from the edge of the forest filled him with the pride. Winter had passed into spring, and the trees of the forest surrounding the valley bore fresh new leaves that rustled in the wind. The crisp morning air filled his lungs with excitement as he anticipated a full day in the saddle at hunt. His father, Cyril Duchanne, the Duke of Larcond, and his mother, Lady Altheda, were away from the castle at court with the King. Despite their absence, the Marquis knew that he would still have to face the wrath of his sour-faced tutor upon his return, but at that moment, only the freshness of the day and the lure of the hunt mattered. His tutor could rant and rave until the castle fell and he would tolerate it without complaint after a day in this glorious valley. 
He enjoyed the time away from his father and out from under his mother’s watchful eyes. The constant pressure to present the proper image of the House of Larcond was a strain on the young man. As his twenty-first birthday drew near, he knew that his parents expected him to fill a bigger role. They rested all their hopes upon him, their only child, but sometimes he enjoyed just being a man without all the pomp and circumstance. Unfortunately, he rarely got the chance. As the heir to the second ranking province in the land, and unofficially fifth in line for the throne itself, he was nearly always under observation. The island Kingdom of Theron was a large kingdom containing five provinces each ruled by a duke. The of the five dukes sat on the royal council and reported directly to the king. They also governed their province and provided protection for their province. However, the entire Kingdom had known peace for over two centuries. Their only possible enemy, the Kingdom of Ionia, was hundreds of miles away across a violent and turbulent sea. Ships managed the dangerous crossing between the two kingdoms, but only merchants and ambassadors bothered to make the long, perilous journey.
As the Marquis sat and mused about his future, a gentle breeze picked up and tousled his wavy, brown hair. Even the wind seemed filled with promise this day. He loved the wind and often felt the crazy notion that it blew just for him. It was not arrogance that made him feel this way, but something deep inside him that made him feel a part of it. Even as he thought of his love for it, another breeze picked up and he relished the feel of it blowing against his face and hair. Just then, the wind seemed to shift direction and blow directly into his face. He dropped the reins in his lap and raised both hands out with his palms facing forward. A smile flickered across his handsome face as he pressed his hands into the wind and felt its strength as it pushed back. He loved the power in the wind, the invisible force that tingled and pressed against his skin and was oblivious to his snorting mount who did not appreciate the wind blowing in his eyes and nostrils. The stallion stomped his front hoof, but he did not break his position, his training prevented the animal from ever disobeying his master.
A sudden crunching sound in the trees to his left startled the young man out of his reverie. He turned toward the sound but failed to notice that the wind immediately died off as if it too had felt the spell break between them. After studying the darkness between the trees carefully, he could discern no shapes beyond the first few trees. Listening intently, he noticed the sounds of the forest had quieted around him. This disturbed him more than he wanted to admit, and he shifted nervously in the saddle and his hand slid to the hilt of his sword as he glanced all around. Nothing unusual met his gaze, and finding nothing out of place, he began to relax. Strange that the animals and sounds of the forest had grown so quiet, but perhaps he was not the only predator in the area. The thought of hunting boar, bear, or even mountain lion thrilled him to his core and he nudged his mount in the direction from which the sound had come. Slowly he guided the horse forward, paying close attention to every sound and signal of the forest, but the only sounds that reached his ears came from the crunching of twigs and leaves under his horse’s hooves. He stopped again and listened carefully for any sign or sound of movement around him.
Nothing. No sound from anywhere. Fear crept in as he realized that this was the deepest silence he had ever heard in his life. He could feel the hairs on the back of his neck rise as all his senses roared to life and he quickly scanned the area for any sign of trouble. Suddenly, his nose caught the scent of smoke drifting in the still air. He spun around in the saddle and was startled to see a small fire smoldering on the forest floor just feet from his position. He leapt from his horse and rushed over to quench the fire before it could become a raging inferno, but it seemed to burn itself out before his very eyes. As he stood gazing down at the remains of the fire; utterly puzzled at this strange event, a low chuckle reached his ears. Spinning to the right he had just enough time to see a man land nimbly on his feet as he jumped out of the tree in which he had been hiding. Fear rippled through his body, but he was no coward and he stood his ground, his hand on the hilt of his sword.
The other man was not very threatening in appearance, and he cautiously watched as the intruder slowly approached and then stopped a few feet away. His presence was concerning, but his humble attire of homespun wool and relaxed stance helped calm the young marquis’ nerves. The stranger’s white woolen shirt and gray tunic over black trousers revealed a peasant’s rank, but at least everything was clean and well groomed. The peasant held a small whittling knife and a piece of wood in the early stages of carving. He appeared to be in his late twenties, or early thirties, maybe a decade older than the marquis himself, with a shock of red hair like none he had ever seen before.
The other man smiled brightly, “I hope I didn’t startle you too badly.”
“Who said you startled me at all?” The marquis arrogantly replied.
The red-head chuckled again and shook his head. “I have eyes in my head, son. I meant no disrespect by it, so don’t get all riled up on me. Most people never know I’m there at all, unless I want them to, so I’m actually pretty impressed that you did.” 
The marquis relaxed a little at the compliment but wasn’t prepared to completely let his guard down yet. The man looked ordinary, but his accent was unusual. The Marquis had never heard anything like it before. “Who are you and what are you doing on this land?” He demanded in his most authoritative voice.
The man chuckled again before answering, “Name’s Quinn, and there is no need to get all lordly on me. I know who you are, and that this is your land, but it’s urgent that I speak privately with you. That’s why I came out here to wait for you. I have been told that you like to ride and hunt in this area.”
Curiosity got the better of the young man as he wondered why a total stranger would so desperately need to speak with him that he would sit and wait in a forest for him to come along. Besides, he found the stranger’s accent intriguing. He relaxed a little and his tone lost much of its earlier arrogance. “Then speak your mind and know that I will consider what you have to say very carefully.”
Respect shone through on the intruder’s face as he gestured to a couple of low stumps. “Care to sit with me while we talk?” The Marquis nodded affirmatively, and Quinn led the way to the stumps, but waited politely for the marquis to sit before he relaxed on the ground leaning against a stump of his own. He begun whittling again as he started to speak, “I’ve been sent here to talk to you by a group of people few know anything about.” He paused in his whittling to look up at the marquis.
“Go on. You may trust me with your secret if you are not breaking any of the King’s laws. That is the only condition I will give to you.”
“Fair enough. Our group seeks out others for very specific reasons. You might say we look for those most likely to understand our position and need for secrecy. We each have special gifts and strengths that are, well unusual, and for some, unbelievable. However, the proof of my words will be shown to you I promise you that.” Quinn said with an emphatic nod of his head. He was quiet again for a moment as he whittled away on his wood.
“Many years ago, several people noticed strange things happening around them, things that don’t happen to other people. These things were much like what you witnessed a little while ago with that fire. Here you are in woods and suddenly, poof, there is a little fire. You go to put it out, but it seems to extinguish itself. Or, perhaps you start to notice that it rains whenever you start thinking of water. Some notice the ground shake when they are angry. Others begin to feel like the wind responds to their very presence.” Quinn again paused to glance at the young man and nodded approvingly at the startled expression on his face. “I can see that I’ve hit a familiar chord with you and I’m betting it’s the wind that seems to speak to you. Right?”
“I… I… I don’t think I would say that it speaks to me, but some of what you say is familiar.” The marquis haltingly replied.
“You’re right, it doesn’t speak to you. That’s a misunderstanding common in the early part of the gift. The reality is that you speak to it. You command its very presence.”
“No. I refuse to consider that, it is impossible." The marquis stammered, but even as he spoke, he realized that the wind picked up around him and blew furiously toward Quinn. The trees behind Quinn began to bend and sway under the ferocious onslaught.
Quinn put his hand up to shield his eyes and looked around the clearing before his gaze returned to the younger man before him as he chuckled. “Son, I think you just proved my point.” The wind abruptly died away as the young marquis stared at him in speechless astonishment. “What’s more to the point is that you don’t just command the wind. I discovered today that you have command over fire. That’s why that fire started, and that’s how I knew I startled you.”
“No, it can't be…that's witchcraft!” Stephen stammered as he shook his head vigorously.
Quinn shook his finger at him. “Don’t you go shaking your head at me, and there is nothing evil about it. If you think rationally about it, you know I’m right. You were startled because you sensed my presence, maybe you were even a little bit frightened, and your emotions sparked that fire. As a matter of fact, you just might want to put out the one starting behind you right now.” Quinn pointed to the left over the marquis’ shoulder. 
The young man spun around on the stump and stared in astonishment at a small fire smoldering in some leaves about five feet away. He started to rise and stomp it out, but the fire instantly snuffed out as if a giant hand had clamped down and smothered it. Slowly, he turned back to face Quinn, astonishment written clearly all over his face.
“You ready to believe me now, son?” Quinn asked, cocking his head inquiringly to the side.
The marquis slowly nodded, “How do you know it isn't evil?”
“Do you feel evil?” Quinn asked with a chuckle.
“No.” Stephen answered with a quick shake of his head.
“Witchcraft, evil, whatever you want to call it, requires intent. Just because we have abilities that most people do not, does not make us inherently evil.”
“Tell me more, but please call me Stephen. I think you’ve already earned that right, and I find it vastly preferable to ‘son’.”
Quinn laughed and nodded in agreement, “all right, Stephen, all right.”
Stephen was quiet for a moment while he watched Quinn whittle the wood into a small round shape.  “How many of us are there?”
“More than anyone can remember, but no more than three hundred in the whole kingdom I’d say.” Quinn replied thoughtfully.
Stephen nodded, “What are we exactly?”
“Exactly? Well, I don’t know, no one really does. We call ourselves elementals, but that’s just because our gifts, or even powers you might say, seem to center around the elements of fire, water, earth, and wind.”
“How did we come to be?”
“That’s a mystery too I’m afraid.” Quinn shrugged. “About two hundred years ago, a man started the Society of Elementals when he discovered another man and woman had strange abilities much like his own. All three were getting on in years when they realized what was happening and their abilities were not as, … well…., powerful as most of the elementals today. With each new generation, the powers appear earlier and are stronger. Some even have the power of more than one element; like you do Stephen, although, it is extremely rare.”
“Do my parents have this power too?” Stephen asked, angry at the thought that his family might have kept such an enormous secret from him.
“No, not as far as we can tell. The power appears randomly at first. Although recently, as we have gained the power at earlier ages, we have seen elementals marry and their children always have the power.  More importantly, the ability of the parent directly affects the ability of the child. None of us understand it, but that’s the way life is sometimes don’t you think?”
“What do you mean it affects the ability of the child?”
“Well, let’s suppose that two elementals of fairly moderate strength have a child. Their child will have moderate strength, at least. Sometimes, the child is much more powerful than the parents.” Quinn replied as he continued whittling on the wood.
“So, the most powerful elementals come from elemental parents?” Stephen replied, reasoning allowed.
“Now don’t go putting words in my mouth.” Quinn said while pointing his whittling knife at Stephen. “Powerful elementals would have a powerful child, but you are one of the most powerful elementals I’ve seen in your generation, and your parents have no powers at all.”
Stephen nodded, instantly relieved that his parents had not been keeping such a tremendous secret from him, but then he realized that is exactly what Quinn had hinted that he would have to do. Keep the Society of Elementals, and his powers, a secret. Suddenly, a thought occurred to him, “Quinn, what is your element?”
“Me?” Quinn paused a moment, “well, I am the rarest of all. I guess you could say that my power is the element of life itself. I’m known as a light. That may sound like nothing, but for us it is very important.”
“I don’t understand, do you mean you can control light?”
“No, it is a much greater gift, and burden than that. I have the power to see the light of the soul itself, but I also have another unique gift. Most people have a natural hue around their body that blends in with their skin. Elementals, like us, have a bright white hue that moves around them, almost like fire. So, you see, even at a glance I can spot an elemental. That’s how I found you. I saw you in the market last month with your family. Your light is awfully bright by the way, a sign of the power you hold.”
Stephen was instantly pleased and astonished in a youthful sort of way. “What is your other unique gift?”
“Unfortunately, it is easier to show you than to tell you. Do you trust me?” Quinn asked.
 “I suppose I don’t have a choice, do I?”
“I suppose not.” Quinn chuckled. “Alright, let me see your hand.” He said as he reached toward Stephen. Stephen hesitated, but then placed his left hand in Quinn’s. “This will hurt a little.” Quinn said as he took his knife and made a swift, but small puncture in the palm of Stephen’s hand. Stephen flinched, but he did not pull away. Quinn put down the knife and placed his hand over the bleeding wound. He closed his eyes and Stephen suddenly began to feel a warm, tingling sensation stealing up his arm from his hand. After a few seconds, Quinn removed his hand. Stephen was shocked to see the blood on his hand now covered a small, well-healed scar. It looked as if the wound was years old instead of just a few seconds. Quinn suddenly looked tired and leaned back onto the stump.
“Can you heal the dead?” Stephen asked in awe.
“No.” Quinn sighed. “I can only work with living tissue, the soul must still inhabit the body for me to be able to do anything, and even then, I have limits. It takes time and much of my energy to heal wounds. Someone can easily die before I can heal a serious illness or injury.” Quinn laughed, “Don’t look at me that way; I’m not God you know. Oh, and by the way, neither are you and don’t ever forget it. That’s the most important rule of our society, never forget that this is a gift and only use it for good. Remember, it is intent that makes evil.”
“Are there any other rules, I mean, so far I need to keep it a secret and only use it for good, anything else?”
“Just one more, protect each other. We are obligated to come to each other’s aid if possible.” Quinn reached under his tunic and pulled out a small, wooden medallion on an iron chain. He reached over and handed it to Stephen.
Stephen studied the medallion carefully. The carving was exquisite, the work of a skilled woodcarver. There were stylistic symbols representing each of the four main powers around the outer rim, and the center ring contained the symbol for light. Wind was to the left, earth to the right, fire at the top, and water on the bottom. Stephen brushed his hand gently across the design and turned the medallion over. The back featured the words “One heart, One People, One Destiny” deeply engraved into the wood.
“Always remember that you are not the only one at risk. If you expose yourself, you may inadvertently expose us all.” Quinn quietly stated.
“Has anyone ever been exposed?” 
“Yes.” Quinn looked away without commenting further.
“And, what happened?” Stephen encouraged.
“They were put to death. Just as you initially thought of witchcraft, so did the people who discovered them. People fear what they do not understand.” Quinn stood up and stretched his arms up over his head. “I assume you will attend the annual fair at Weatherton in a fortnight?”
“Yes, my family always attends.”
“Good. Every year we meet at the fair. There are so many people that we can gather without anyone noticing. There are smaller gatherings throughout the year, but that is the biggest. Look for the black tent with the symbols on the medallion running down the sides next to the opening.” Quinn started to walk away.
“Wait.” Stephen called out and Quinn stopped and turned back. “Will I see you again before then?”
“No, but you can do us all a favor. Whenever you are alone, practice controlling your energy and emotions. You are much more powerful than you realize. If you let your emotions run free, you could be dangerous to us all.”
“But there is so much more I want to know, I have so many questions.” Stephen interjected, almost begging Quinn to stay.
“You have a lifetime to learn everything ahead of you, Stephen. Relax and take your time. It really is better in the long run.” Stephen nodded and Quinn raised his hand in farewell before turning and disappearing into the forest.

Chapter 2
Stephen thought that he understood responsibility. He thought he had it well in hand, but that was before. He had been raised to rule over his father’s lands, to sit in judgment over peasant squabbles, to solve any problems that might arise, but it all seemed incredibly mundane now. He was bursting with the knowledge of the greatest thing he had ever known, but he could tell no one. His parents had just returned from Court and trying to behave normally around them had been a major struggle. He responded to their questions with the expected answers while working to control the nervous energy bursting inside him, but his mother still sensed something. She lingered by his door when the family went to bed, but she didn’t ask him any questions. The entire family would leave for the fair in Weatherton in the morning. It would only take a day and a half to get there, but it would be the longest journey of his life. There was also no way he would have any privacy during the journey to practice his new-found skill. Over the last week, he had stolen away nearly every day to practice and he couldn’t wait to see Quinn and show him what he had learned.
The first day after he learned of the society and his new gifts, Stephen set off for the forest before the rest of the castle had even stirred from their beds. He returned to the clearing over-looking the valley and started his personal lessons. Wind was the easiest for him to summon and control. All he had to do was picture what he wanted, and he could feel the wind rise. It didn’t take long for him to learn to control the direction of the wind’s force. However, strength was another matter. On the second day, he tried forcing a large tree to sway in the wind, but he quickly discovered that he needed to be very careful when directing the wind against a single object. At first the leaves and branches swayed in a light breeze, but when he raised his hands toward the tree and pictured the tree bending in the wind pushed by his hands he was shocked at the outcome. He must have thought a little too hard, because the tree didn’t just bend, it ripped from the soil and toppled over. That was his first lesson in the use of his body as an instrument to guide the force of his power. If he used his hands, he could direct the wind with incredible force and accuracy. Last night he even managed to move a small boulder, about the size of large melon, completely across the clearing without ever laying hands upon it. Wind was easy, but fire was a completely different matter.
On day one, he sat on a stump for several hours concentrating on a small pile of leaves in a fire pit he had created for safety. No matter how hard he concentrated, no matter how much flame he pictured, the leaves sat in the circle of stones completely unburned. He tried verbally commanding the fire to life, but that just left him feeling stupid and thankful for the privacy of the empty clearing. On the second day, he thought he would make it easier on himself by lighting a fire in the pit and then trying to control it. After he burned through the third fire without seeing the slightest indication of change, he decided to concentrate on putting the fire out. That at least had seemed easy with Quinn.
He thought of the fire going out on its own, but nothing happened. He pictured putting the fire out himself, but again nothing happened. He tried thinking of all the different ways to put out a fire, but no matter how hard he pictured it, the fire refused to go out. He even tried using his hands in a downward motion as he pictured himself smothering the flames, but nothing worked. Eventually, he just focused on the wind. Quinn had to have been wrong. Maybe Quinn had the power of fire and just didn’t know it.
Just two days ago, Stephen had ridden through the town surrounding the castle on his way home from practice in the clearing. He loved the sight of his home. The castle’s walls towered over the far eastern edge of town. Its immense stone walls complete with towers and arrow slits from which archers could rain havoc down upon an invading army. Of course, the castle had known no attackers in over two hundred years. The old moat had been filled in by his great-grandfather and the drawbridge and been removed. A simple gatehouse and portcullis stood at the entrance to the castle now, although guards still walked the parapets on a continual basis.
Stephen rode through the open gate and into the inner bailey without stopping. Everyone was busy preparing the household for the coming journey to the fair. Everywhere he looked people worked furiously, aware that only a few days remained before the journey. The craftsmen’s cottages lining the interior walls were surrounded by wagons and crates of goods already packed and stored for the trip to Weatherton. The castle itself held a commanding position in the center of the bailey. The main stone structure soared three stories into the air, although a tower on the front right corner and another on the back left were each four stories high. The castle was shaped like a large backward “L” with the short leg toward the front, and massive double oak doors at the center. The soldier’s quarters were housed on the first floor to the left of the main entrance, but the doorway into the soldiers housing was out of sight around the left corner of the castle. His own chamber was in the private family wing over the soldier’s quarters. Even now he could look up at the two large windows of his room. A servant took his horse at the front steps and Stephen bounded up them two steps at a time in boyish exuberance. 
Just inside the huge doors was a large landing situated several steps above the hall itself. On his left, was a large stone archway under the family wing balcony that led into a salon. On his immediate right rose a spiral staircase at the top of which was an old guard room at the top of the front tower. It had been converted into a library and was one of his favorite rooms. The expansive view from the tower windows never failed to thrill him with the scope of the ducal holdings. Even from the tower, he could not begin to see the edges of Larcond Province. Straight ahead on either side of the hall were two stone staircases. The one on the right led up to the second and third floor guest suites, and the one on the left to the family chambers and the stairs leading up to the back tower.
Between the right staircase and the landing stood an enormous fireplace large enough to hold six men standing at their fullest height without touching. The fireplace had a spit across its width for roasting the largest of game. Above the fireplace hung an ancient tapestry. The design featured the castle not long after its construction, complete with moat and drawbridge, but there were no other dwellings in sight. When the castle was built, the town did not yet exist. The tapestry left its lofty position just once per year for cleaning and repair.
Directly across the hall under the guest wing balcony, stood the family table running parallel to the back wall upon which hung a giant coat of arms. All the chairs faced back into the hall, in traditional banquet style. Two enormous tables ran perpendicular to the head table in the center of the far end of the room. Each table could seat one hundred people at banquet without bringing in extra chairs. Two doors led out of the hall from the wall behind the family table, one to a large storage area, and the other to the enormous kitchens.
It was a cavernous room, but invitingly arranged with several sitting areas, the largest of which was in front of the massive fireplace. This was the place where the family spent most of their time in the evenings. His mother would sew by the light of the fire and his father would sit and regale his son of their history and the honor of the Larcond family. Unfortunately, the normally warm and friendly feeling of the room was entirely eclipsed by the anger emanating from the man currently pacing in front of the fireplace.
Phelan Winchell, from Jostlen province, had been his tutor for the last six months. His father had insisted throughout his life that he needed more than one tutor so that he could learn a variety of skills and viewpoints. Phelan was his fifth tutor, and by far the most demanding. His father had chosen Phelan, despite the man’s youth, because of his vast knowledge in astronomy and logistics. In theory, this was his last tutor, the one meant to polish him off and prepare him for the challenges of adulthood. He was also the most arrogant and obnoxious man Stephen had ever met.
Phelan’s sour-faced expression haunted his days and any nights he felt were of astronomical importance. Stephen suffered through his lessons, and his archaic views of society, until he felt his mind growing numb. His tutor considered it his responsibility to teach Stephen his value over the “common peasant”, and even had his father dismiss one of stable hands after he learned that Stephen went fishing with him every week. The future Duke, in his opinion, did not mingle with the servants. Unfortunately, his father shared the views of his tutor. Stephen felt that the power and wealth they possessed commanded a concern and care for the peasants, but not tyranny. It was no wonder that Stephen avoided Phelan whenever humanly possible, but this time he simply couldn’t get away.
“Where have you been all day?” Phelan demanded as he whirled around to face him.
“Out riding, as usual,” Stephen bitingly replied, his temper already ignited.
“Your father will not be pleased when I tell him how you have neglected your studies these past few days. You would do well to remember that I am here at his request!” Phelan spat at Stephen, his face turning an alarming shade of red.
“And you would do well to remember that you are speaking to the next Duke of Larcond!” Stephen bellowed in return. Suddenly, the rug next to the fire burst into flames just inches from Phelan’s feet. Phelan jumped back as the flames quickly engulfed nearly half of the priceless rug.
“Fire! Fire!” Phelan screamed as he ran for the water pitcher on the sideboard across the room. Servants began swarming into the room, several holding aprons and brooms with which they began beating the flames on the rug. Phelan poured the water on the last of flames and they all stood and stared at the ruined mess on the castle floor.
“A spark must have flown from the fire.” The housekeeper mused allowed. Several other servants murmured in agreement. Slowly the staff melted from the room, except for the token few who remained to clean up the debris.
Phelan turned to glare at Stephen one last time before making his exit. “We shall see what your father says about this upon his return.” He hissed under his breath as he passed.
No one seemed to notice Stephen’s pale face and startled expression. He stood rooted to the spot as a new idea formed in his mind. It wasn’t a spark from the fire; he knew it as strongly as he knew the feel of his own skin. His anger sparked that fire as surely as if he had taken a match to the rug. He might command the wind with a mere thought, but the power to control fire emanated from somewhere much deeper. It was raw emotion which fueled the flames. It wasn’t excitement at his discovery or his power that kept Stephen rooted to the spot, it was fear. Fear of discovery. If emotion could cause his power to ignite, how could he keep it under control and protect the secret? 
Stephen had risen early again the next morning. As he approached the balcony overlooking the hall, Stephen could hear a chair scrape against the stone. Slowly, he peered over the wooden railing until he could see into the hall but remain hidden to all but the closest observer. Phelan had just pulled up a chair to the family table and was starting to enjoy a large breakfast. He was clearly not planning on losing out on another day to torture Stephen with his lessons. Unfortunately for Phelan, Stephen new of a secret exit out of the castle through his father’s bedchamber, and he was going to use it.
Stephen quickly, but silently, retraced his steps until he reached the door to his father’s suite. He carefully pushed open the solid oak door and peered inside. The room was empty, and he slipped through the opening before carefully shutting the door behind him. He loved his father’s suite. His mother preferred a small suite that overlooked an enclosed garden at the rear of the castle, and as such his father’s suite had a masculine quality to it that Stephen adored. His father’s armor rack stood on a rack in the corner straight ahead. It was empty now, with his father away. The heavy drapes hanging over the window next to the rack swayed gently in the morning breeze.
To his right stood a large armoire made of sturdy oak. To the left of the armoire, stood a door that led to the actual bedchamber. To the right sat a low bench. The fireplace was on the opposite wall from the armoire. An enormous battle axe and mace hung crossed over each other above the fireplace; a vestige of wars fought long ago. Two chairs sat in front of the fire over a large rug. The wall opposite from the door where he now stood had two massive windows which looked out over the courtyard. Between the windows was a table supplied with an ornate set of goblets and a decanter usually kept filled with wine.
Stephen crossed the room quickly and entered the bedchamber. Opposite the door where he entered, stood a massive bed easily large enough for five people. The trunk which normally sat in front of the bed was missing, as his father took it with him to carry his personal belongings whenever he traveled.
He moved over to the wall behind the massive bed and lifted the large tapestry hanging to the right of the bed out of the way. He pushed on the wall and felt the stone slowly swing inward on a track cleverly concealed behind the wall. As soon as he had enough room to slip through, he moved inside the passage behind the wall and shoved the stone back into place. Pitch darkness greeted him as soon as the wall slipped into its notch. It didn’t matter, he had played in this chamber as a child and he had memorized the distance between his current position and the steps leading down to another concealed door which led to a stone-lined tunnel.
Stephen felt his way along the passage until he reached a set of stairs at the end. He quickly moved down the stairs to a large landing that Stephen knew existed within the outer wall itself. To his right was another stone door that exited through the outer wall and opened into the valley behind the castle. The door on his left exited into a small space behind the castle stables. Both doors where invisible to anyone who didn’t know what to look for from the outside. He was soon out through the door on his left and into the early morning sunshine, blinking at the sudden brightness after the pitch-black passage. 
Quietly, he made his way inside the stable where he saddled and readied his stallion. In minutes, he was far from the castle riding with the wind in his face, relishing his freedom. He raced to the clearing and jumped to the ground, renewed from the vigorous ride. He let his stallion graze freely on the dewy grass while he thought of how best to test his new theory.
Once again, Stephen sat on his stump in front of the newly replenished pile of leaves in the fire pit. Stephen began to concentrate intently on the leaves while going over the fight with Phelan in his mind. He could feel his temper rise as he thought of the tutor rising early this morning to catch him and force him to his lessons. The gall of the man! Stephen was well into his musings about his obnoxious tutor before he realized that the leaves to his right, several feet outside of the pit, were smoldering. It wasn’t until they burst into flame that he was startled from his thoughts and stared wonderingly at the fire. 
“YES!” Stephen shouted as he leaped to his feet. Emotion was the key! He had done it! Stephen realized that his fire lessons were now going to encompass lessons in controlling his emotions to prevent unintentional fires. Well, that and making fire appear where he wanted it, he thought as he stomped out the fire before it could spread across the clearing.
For the rest of the day, Stephen practiced starting fires by thinking of strong emotional memories. Even when he succeeded, the fire was never where he intended it to be. After he caught his own clothes on fire, Stephen decided it was time to switch tactics. This time, he began testing how much emotion he could let himself feel before the flames erupted. By dusk, Stephen began to sense a tingling feeling in his body just before the flames appeared. Maybe this was a sign he could use as a warning to keep his feelings in check. He rose and stretched his tired muscles, sore from sitting so long, before mounting his stallion and heading back to the castle. 
This morning, Stephen hadn’t even bothered with trying to exit through the hall; instead he had headed straight for the hidden passage and reached the clearing just as the morning mist had begun to clear. Unfortunately, it was a frustrating day. The humidity was high, and he quickly discovered that his power could not overcome the dampness of the fuel. He debated going back to the castle and practicing on the fire in the fireplace in his chamber, but fear of discovery forced him to abandon the idea. Instead, he spent the day playing with the wind.
By nightfall, he was in the hall awaiting his parents. Phelan paced around the hall but did not speak. Instead, he kept casting evil glances his way which Stephen interpreted as “you just wait and see what I am going to do,” but Stephen just stared right back. Once his parents arrived, Stephen glared at Phelan, challenging him to do his worst. His father was in a jovial mood after a good visit with the King, and Phelan wisely departed the hall without disturbing the peace of the evening. Unfortunately, this left Stephen with nothing to think about but the secret he dared not tell them. It ended up being a long and tense evening, and Stephen was only too happy when his father ordered the household to bed so that they might be fresh for an early morning departure.
The family rose with the sun in the morning, and the entire castle was bustling with activity as everyone prepared for their journey. Wagons stood in a line stretching all the way through town. The fair was an exciting event for everyone. The young men talked excitedly of the tournament games and the young ladies talked of the potential suitors. The tradesmen had been preparing goods for the market for many months in anticipation of the largest crowd they would see all year. Nearly a year’s income would be made at the fair and every craftsmen and trader prepared for it throughout the winter months. The success or failure of the fair determined how many families would survive the coming year. 
It was the Duke’s job to lead the procession from the castle and the surrounding villages on the road to Weatherton. His soldiers provided safe passage from bandits and thieves for the many travelers and their goods. The journey itself began to take on the atmosphere of a fair as more and more peasants, craftsmen, and tradesmen joined the long line of people from every village and at every crossroads they passed. Early dealings occurred along the road as enterprising tradesmen roamed among the crowd hawking their wares. Each stop for rest and food further encouraged the festive crowd as they all gawked at the merchandise and reestablished friendships with travelers they had not seen since this time last year. Stephen felt all the excitement around him, but also had a deep anticipation at the prospect of meeting others like him in the days to come. He could barely contain himself as they traveled, desperately wanting to gallop ahead, but was forced to remain with his parents. Even the fact that he would turn twenty-one while they were away did not excite him as it previously had.
His father boasted to all who would listen on the road of the number of requests for entrance into the tournament games this year. It would be one of the largest tournaments in the history of the province. The Larcond family judged the games as the royal representatives, but Stephen would have a relatively small role. Before the discovery of his new powers, Stephen had resented the fact that his father would not allow him to participate in the games. His father believed that competing in the games was a childish pursuit that would cheapen his authority when he assumed his father’s role. However, Stephen had excellent knowledge of fighting tactics and had officially been knighted at the age of eighteen. Despite his father’s beliefs, he had always wanted to ride onto the field of joust along with his father’s knights, men he trained with on a regular basis. Now, Stephen was secretly glad that he did not have to compete. He would have the freedom to spend his time with the society and away from the tournament fields themselves. 
When his father finally called a halt for the day, and the mass of people began pitching their tents for the night, Stephen was exhausted from the strain and excitement. Even still, he struggled to find sleep on his pallet. Once during the day, he thought he had caught a glimpse of Quinn in the crowd, but he quickly lost sight of him. He had searched for him among the hundreds of tents, but he had not found him again. Still, it was comforting to know that Quinn was out there somewhere. All around him he could hear sounds from the thousands of people and animals sharing this journey. Nearby, he could hear the whoosh of breath from a large animal as it settled in for the night. It was many hours before Stephen’s mind settled enough for him to find sleep.
The next morning, the crowd rose wearily from their slumber, exhausted from a combination of late-night revelry and uncomfortable pallets on hard soil. Stephen’s impatience grew as he waited for his father to give the signal for everyone to move out. It was well into the morning before his father finally raised his arm and the procession began crawling forward again. Around noon, the travelers stopped for the midday meal. Families spread food out on blankets for their children, welcoming lonely, single travelers to share in their bounty. All around, children played happily as they ran between the resting adults. Mothers caught the younger children and put them down for naps under the warm spring sun. Even Stephen’s impatience melted away during the quiet and peaceful time. It wasn’t long before the spell was broken, and his father gathered the group together again and the procession once more took up its ponderous journey.
Not long after they got back on the road, a well-dressed, middle-aged man rode up alongside his father and greeted him warmly. “Good afternoon, Your Grace.” The man stated with a respectful bow of his head.
“Lord Nolan, I did not expect to meet you on this journey. I thought you were still making the final preparations for your voyage.” His father declared as he reached across the gap to clasp the other man’s hand.
“Your Grace, I never miss the annual fair if I can help it. My family always looks forward to the games and entertainment.” Lord Nolan replied as he warmly shook the Duke’s hand.
Stephen had met Lord Kenneth Nolan, the Earl of Larcond, at the family castle many times over the past few years, and he knew that the Earl served as an envoy for his father to the Kingdom of Ionia. Lord Nolan escorted the merchant’s ships back and forth across the sea every year. He quickly grew bored with the conversation and did not at first realize that Lord Nolan had addressed him directly.
“I beg your pardon, what was that you said?” Stephen stammered, startled and embarrassed at being caught not paying attention.
Lord Nolan chuckled before repeating “I said, I hope that you will come meet my son at the fair, I believe that he is only a year older than you. You would have met him sooner, but he has only recently returned from service to the Duke of Idelisa.” Stephen knew that it was typical for a young noble to spend their early years before knighthood training with the knights of another lord or duke. Stephen himself had trained under the Duke of Cathal and the duke’s son had trained under Stephen’s father.
Courtesy required an affirmative response to a long-time friend of his fathers. “Absolutely, I look forward to making his acquaintance.”
“Excellent. I will tell him to look for you at our tent. You won’t be able to miss it. It’s usually the only large black tent at the fair.” The Earl replied with a wink before turning his horse and galloping back toward the rear of the procession.
Stephen stared at his retreating back in astonishment. Now he wished he had paid more attention to the Earl’s conversation with his father. He knew he wasn’t mistaken; the reference to the black tent was not a coincidence. Now Stephen knew at least one more elemental, and probably two if the Earl’s son could be included in the group, and they were even members of the royal line! Stephen was not the only royal elemental; what if the King himself were one too? Lost in his imaginings, the day seemed brighter and the journey less tedious as Stephen’s excitement grew by leaps and bounds.

Chapter 3
The town of Weatherton was in the exact center of Larcond province. While most provincial fairs were held at the Ducal holding, Stephen’s great-grandfather had moved the Larcond fair to Weatherton because of its central location. His wise decision had made the fair the largest provincial fair in the kingdom, second only to the fair in Cathal at the annual Royal Tournament. Only the most prosperous of the tradesmen and craftsmen in Larcond could afford the journey to the royal fair and as a result, most of them focused all their resources in Weatherton. While each province controlled its own valuable commodity, Larcond was by far the wealthiest. The rocky, but fertile lands produced abundant grains and fattened any animal raised upon them. The Piran Mountains to the west and north-west of the province contained rich ores. Between Weatherton and the ocean lay an enormous forest of oak trees which stretched all the way from the northern and western mountain range to the high cliffs that ran along the ocean on the eastern border. The southern border was guarded by the river Perth, a rocky, shallow, and fast-moving barrier between the two provinces. There was only one easy route into and out of the province and it lay in the south-west corner, where the river calmed, and several ferries and bridges traversed the river over a fifty-mile stretch. There, the main road between the town of Larcond and the Royal City in Cathal crossed over a large, ancient stone bridge.
The royal city lay in the center of Cathal province. Although the King lived in Cathal, the day-to-day running of the province was overseen by the Duke of Cathal. The province made a fortune charging tolls on goods and travelers as they passed through the Royal Province. In addition to the tolls, taxes were collected on all goods traded anywhere within the Kingdom. The Piran river, a wide and gentle river, flowed south through the mountains and along the eastern border of the royal city. On the southern edge of the city, the river made a sharp turn to the west. Over the years, the city had spread across the river, to the south, so that now a quarter of the city was on the opposite bank. Several bridges spanned the river, the largest in the center of its eastern border. The massive wooden structure served as the main entrance to the city for travelers from Larcond to the east and Idelisa to the south. The large valley it opened onto on the eastern side of the river served as the location for the Royal Tournament every June.
South-west of Larcond, on the other side of the Perth River, was the province of Idelisa. This province was the breadbasket of the kingdom. A sparsely populated region, everyone within its borders eked out a living through farming. Idelisa’s northern border joined with the province of Cathal. Its eastern border paralleled the Perth River that ran between it and Larcond, while its southern border provided the only easy access to the ocean the Kingdom possessed. Here the land sloped gently down to the ocean providing a large peaceful harbor perfect for shipping. All merchandise and travelers venturing between Theron and Ionia traveled through Idelisa. On the western border, the wide river which traversed Cathal merged with an impenetrable combination of swamp and forest. The swamp ran along the border between Idelisa and its western neighbor, Jostlen. Near the center of Idelisa, the river on the east and the swampland on the west jutted inward. Between them lay a narrow strip of land connecting the northern and southern halves of the province and was known as ‘The Handle.’
The province of Jostlen was the home of Stephen’s current tutor. Its northeastern tip bordered Cathal Province while the southern and western borders rose dramatically only feet from the ocean. The northern border encompassed a large barren desert where no one lived. Most of the province was full of rich prairie land and was famous for the spectacular horses the land produced. Stephen’s own stallion was born on the wide prairies of Jostlen.
North of Jostlen and across the desert, was the province of Gorsedd. Its south-eastern corner connected it to Cathal Province. The western and northern borders met the ocean, although the rocky shoreline and lack of natural harbors prevented ships from landing. All along the eastern border ran the majestic peaks of the Piran Mountains which separated Gorsedd from Larcond. Gorsedd was known for its abundant and valuable spices from which the entire kingdom gained its flavor.
As the travelers neared Weatherton, Viscount Leal Kendall, his father’s vassal overseeing the town of Weatherton, rode out to meet Stephen’s father. Stephen spent the last hour of the journey listening to his father and his vassal discussing the steps the viscount had taken to meet his father’s expectations and demands for the fair. Early estimates suggested that this fair would be the largest ever held. The tournament already had over two hundred registered competitors, with representatives from every province in the kingdom. His father asked about the food stores and arrangements for waste products. The Viscount confirmed that everything was arranged as specified. Next, his father requested information on the variety of goods available at this year’s market. Lord Kendall began listing the fine cloth merchants, furniture makers, spice dealers, livestock venders, jewelers, and even the planned demonstrations by master craftsman advertising their talents as his father nodded in satisfaction.
“Well done, Lord Kendall. I am pleased that you have followed my instructions to the letter, and even added a few I had not thought of.” His father praised the vassal. 
Stephen was impressed by his father’s knowledge of the workings and needs of the province. His father had ruled for nearly twenty years and the province had doubled in wealth under his hand. Stephen knew that he would have large shoes to fill when his father passed away, but that would hopefully be many years in the future.
Just as Stephen spotted a break in the trees ahead, he heard the trumpets heralding the arrival of the Duke and his entourage. As the procession left the shelter of the trees, Stephen shielded his eyes from the light and gazed down upon the valley and the town of Weatherton. The town sat on the eastern side of the valley, opposite Stephen’s current position. Tents covered the valley along either side of the road leading into the town. It was like a multi-colored rainbow spreading itself across the valley. The entrance at each tent flew the flag of the house and province of its owners. Stephen knew that his father’s tent would fly three flags, one for the family, one for the province, and the royal standard. As the King’s representative, the Duke of Larcond possessed the right to sit in judgment over the King’s people and speak for the King as necessary. 
The tournament fields were situated to the right of the road just outside the town, and even from this distance Stephen could see knights practicing the joust, rows of archers firing at targets, and clusters of long swordsmen honing their craft. There was a large pavilion on both sides of the field, and he knew from experience that the royal box was in the one on the left side of the field. All the nobles would sit on the left side; the peasants would fill the remaining seats in the left and all the seats in the pavilion on the right. At this tournament, the peasant seating was covered as well as the noble areas so that the people would enjoy the games sheltered from the heat of the sun. There was a large open area south of the tournament fields and he knew that space was reserved for his father’s tents.
Directly along the road’s edge he could see the temporary stalls erected for the traveling merchants and numerous pens for livestock. A mix of smells floated up from the valley. The strong odor of thousands of animals mingled with the aromatic smells of the spice tradesmen. Roasted lamb cooking over open pits blended with the other smells creating a unique aroma found only at a large fair. Stephen loved this smell. It never ceased to fill him with the same wonder and excitement he had first felt years ago when he gazed upon this valley for the very first time. He could still vividly remember his excitement and awe as he rode down the main thoroughfare on his father’s lap. One would think that the fair would seem smaller now that he looked at it through the eyes of a young man and not as a child, but if anything, the fair loomed larger than ever before.
Thousands of people lined the main thoroughfare as the Duke’s entourage approached. Most peasants rarely saw anyone of higher rank than the local magistrate or a local lord and the site of a Duke and his family was an event all by itself. The pageantry of the Duke’s best knights and servants all wearing the Duke’s colors added to the spectacle. Stephen proudly rode directly behind his father and mother. His father’s four most favored knights rode two abreast before and after the family. The uproar was deafening as the trumpeters led the way and the crowds cheered the Duke and their favorite knights.  Stephen thought the group had traveled slowly before, now it crawled through the market street at a pace that made their earlier journey seem like a race. It took almost an hour to travel through the temporary market and reach the location of their campsite. However, the workman wasted no time driving stakes and placing the center posts for the tents. 
Stephen wandered off toward the market street and sampled some of the food sold by roaming venders while he waited for the workman to finish. He needed to get cleaned up for the banquet that would kick off the festivities that evening and it didn’t take long for the workman to finish and place their belongings safely inside. It was an enormous structure with a front section where his father entertained guests and the family shared their meals. The tent had several heavy cloth partitions separating the various areas. Stephen had his own quarters in the back, and he quickly bathed and changed clothes, glad to be free of his dusty traveling garments. This was the first banquet in which he would sit at the head table with his father and mother. Their table would also be shared by the highest-ranking nobles and the Earl of Larcond and his family. Stephen hoped Lord Nolan’s son would be at the banquet tonight. He relished the thought of spending the evening in the presence of another elemental. 
As the royal representatives, Stephen and his parents had to wait to enter the banquet until after everyone else had already arrived. It was another part of the pomp and circumstance that Stephen hated, even on nights when he wasn’t as impatient as this one. He waited outside the hall of Lord Kendall’s home with his father and mother. They were chatting quietly about the day’s events, leaving Stephen free to let his mind wander. The Viscount’s home was originally a fortress which had served as a staging point for the provincial guard, but much of it had been torn down and a new home rebuilt in wood. It did not have the feel of age and permanence of Stephen’s home, Larcond Castle.
Stephen’s musings were interrupted when two servants swept open the entrance to the hall and the light from within spilled out into the night. Stephen took his place behind his parents and followed them inside to the sound of blasting trumpets. The hall was full of makeshift tables with people crammed into any available space. Already the large crowd inside the hall had increased the temperature dramatically and most of the guests were already sweating. If he were in charge, he would move the banquet out into the open air. On a beautiful spring night like tonight, with the stars shining brightly above, the effect would seem almost magical and the cool air would feel good against the skin.
The family passed through the crowd toward the head table situated on a raised platform at the end of the hall; smiling and nodding to friends and acquaintances as they passed. Finally, Stephen caught a glimpse of the guests at the head table and his heart fell. The Earl was there, but he was seated on his mother’s right. That meant Stephen was seated by the couple on his father’s left, whom he had never seen before. He saw no sign of the Earl’s son. On the Earl’s right sat a woman who was obviously his wife. The Viscount and his wife sat beside her. The couple Stephen would be seated next to were close to his father’s age and an elderly couple sat on their left. His father stepped up onto the platform first and then Stephen assisted his mother up and helped her to her seat before he took his own place on his father’s left side. 
Cyril raised his arms and offered a prayer for the bounty about to be set before them, officially ushering in the start of the fair. At his signal, servants filled the hall bringing platters first to the head table and then to all the others. As soon as the first platter hit the table, the minstrels took up a song and the hall burst into a hundred separate conversations. The effect was a buzzing sound punctuated by the high musical notes of the minstrel’s harp. 
Stephen turned and greeted the man sitting on his left and was astounded to learn that he was Lord Tiernan, the Earl of Cathal; the highest-ranking earl in the entire kingdom. If the King died without an heir, the line of succession followed with the dukes of each province. Cathal first, then Larcond, then Idelisa, then Jostlen, and ending with Gorsedd. If the king and all the ruling dukes died at the same time, then the line of succession moved to the earls of each province in the same order as with the dukes, followed by the highest-ranking viscounts, then the lesser lords. 
According to the rules, Stephen’s father was the third most powerful noble in the kingdom, with only the king and the Duke of Cathal before him. The Earl of Cathal was the seventh, and Lord Nolan, the Earl of Larcond, was the eighth highest ranking noble in land. Stephen would not take his place in the line of succession until he inherited his father’s title and had officially been recognized by the king. As the son of a duke, Stephen held an honorary title of Marquis, granting him higher rank at banquet and royal events than a mere earl, but possessing no real authority.
Stephen was surprised to find the evening very enjoyable as Lord Tiernan regaled him with stories of life at court living in the shadow of the King himself and of his family. Lord Tiernan and his wife had three children; their oldest were twins, a boy and a girl. Both would turn seventeen in October. The youngest, another son, would turn ten in May, just a month away. Stephen nearly burst out laughing when Lord and Lady Tiernan began to argue about the appropriate age for their daughter to officially enter society and begin to except possible suitors. Lord Tiernan felt that his daughter was long past ready, but Lady Tiernan felt that she needed a few more years before she would be strong enough to protect her fragile heart. It was one of the most enjoyable nights of Stephen’s life, despite his early disappointment. Stephen was pleased to offer a promise to visit Lord and Lady Tiernan upon his next visit to court when they requested it at the end of the meal.
Stephen was surprised when his father leaned over and whispered in his ear that he was not feeling well and wished to retire early this evening. He couldn’t help but notice that his mother looked worried and he immediately rose and pulled back her chair. Cyril led the way out of the hall, pausing to say goodnight to the more significant individuals in the crowd. Stephen escorted his mother out of the hall behind his father.  His father’s tired and haggard expression just before he went to bed kept Stephen awake late into the night.
By morning, to Stephen’s relief, his father seemed perfectly normal and even laughed about not being able to trust the food at banquets anymore. Cyril was to sit over the archery contests today and he left the tent immediately after breaking the nightly fast. Stephen rushed to get ready, knowing that the archery contests would last the entire day and he could escape from the watchful eyes of his parents. As soon as he left the tent, he sought out his stallion and galloped to the top of the hill overlooking the valley. From there, Stephen searched for any sign of the black tent, as if this tent would have been hard to spot. An enormous black tent stood on the outer row on the far western side of the valley, almost directly opposite his current position. He galloped around the edge of the valley and reached the tent in only a few minutes. When he approached, leading his stallion, a young boy left his post next to the entrance and rushed up to him bowing low to the ground. The helpful lad offered to care for his horse and Stephen knew the boy would take excellent care of the animal when he saw the shine in the boy’s eyes as he looked over the magnificent stallion.
Stephen watched the boy lead the horse around the side of the tent. The boy handled the big stallion with ease and Stephen turned to face the entrance and took a deep breath before quickly striding forward and lifting the flap. He was temporarily blinded by the change in light, but his eyes quickly adjusted. A small group of people sat around a comfortable sitting area in the middle of the tent. None had noticed him yet. Then Quinn looked up from the chess game he was playing with a young man close to Stephen’s age and smiled broadly at the sight of him. 
“I see you found your way.” Quinn said as he rose to walk over and greet Stephen properly. The others stopped what they were doing and rose from their positions. There were five in all. Lord Nolan was not present, but the young man playing chess looked enough like him that Stephen assumed correctly that this was his son. A middle-aged woman dressed all in black set down her knitting before rising to greet Stephen. She had deep red hair that made Quinn’s look pale in comparison. Next to her, sat another young woman with long black hair and about the same age as Stephen. She rose from her chair where she had been rolling yarn. Her clothing was homespun wool, all in shades of green. Another man set aside a letter he had been reading and rose to meet Stephen as well. He looked to be about a decade older than Stephen and was dressed all in blue. All five moved to within a few feet of Stephen and smiled kindly.
“We are so glad that you’re here. “Quinn said warmly as he pumped Stephen’s hands.
“Yes, we have all been so excited to meet you, as soon as Quinn told us that he had discovered you.” The man in blue stated happily. “Oh, and my name is Ronan Lynch. I’m a water by the way.”
“My name is Deidre Petras,” the young woman in green informed him. “I’m an earth.”
The woman in black stepped forward and eyed him from his head to his toes before saying, “My name is Bedelia Cook and I suspect we will spend a lot of time together if Quinn is right about your powers.”
The young man laughed. “I’m Sir Cedric, Lord Nolan’s son. I’m a wind and Bedelia is a fire, since she left that part out. My father thought the two of us could help you adjust the best since we share your powers.” He reached out and took Stephen’s hand in a warm handshake.
“As you all seem to know, I’m Stephen Duchanne and I can’t begin to tell you how glad I am to meet all of you.” Stephen said choosing his family name instead of his title, and they all respected him that much more because he left it out.
“Well,” Quinn said while smiling at the group, “shall we head into the forest?”
“Why the forest?”
“We can’t very well show you what we can do in here, now can we?” Cedric laughingly replied as he clapped Stephen on the shoulder, “Let’s go everyone.”
The group all left the tent together and Stephen followed as Cedric led the way into the forest behind the tent. There was a tiny foot path, barely large enough for the group to walk single file, leading off into the depths of the woods. No one spoke as they walked, and Stephen guessed they had journeyed about a half of a mile into the forest when they reached a small creek that bordered a moderate sized clearing at the base of a rocky cliff.
Stephen realized they would have to wade across the shallow creek to reach the clearing and started for the water’s edge when Quinn stopped him. He turned to face Ronan at Quinn’s silent signal. “Are ready for your first lesson?” Ronan asked.
Stephen nodded and was astounded to watch as Ronan raised his hands together in front of him and then made a slow gesture spreading them apart with his palms facing downward. It wasn’t the gesture that startled Stephen and filled him with wonder; it was the water in the creek. At Ronan’s command, ice began to form on the surface of the creek in front of him. Stephen watched in wonder as the creek solidified all the way down to the creek bed before his eyes. Once the water had frozen solid, Ronan stepped across the ice into the clearing. They all quickly crossed over behind him. Just as the last crossed, the water immediately began to thaw and flow freely once again.
“Show me more.”
“It’s my turn.” Deidre stated as she strode forward to stand about three feet in front of Stephen. She cocked her head to the side and studied Stephen’s face. He wondered what it was he was supposed to notice, but he quickly quit guessing as shock mingled with delight flashed across his expression. As Deidre stared at him, the ground below him had slowly begun to vibrate, and then outright shake. Stephen had trouble maintaining his balance. Just as he thought he would fall, the ground stopped moving as Stephen struggled to remain upright. Deidre laughed out loud at his shock. Then she gave a little shriek as a fire burst into flames in the leaves at her feet, nearly catching her skirts on fire. She jumped side-ways away from the flames and glared at Bedelia.
“You’re not the only one who can shake people up.” Bedelia cackled. Turning to Stephen she said, “Can you put it out?”
“If you make me angry, or hand me a bucket of water.” Stephen drawled knowing that it would take a great deal of time and concentration for him to work up enough emotion to put it out.
“You can only use your power if you experience strong emotion is that it?” Bedelia questioned.
“Something like that.” Stephen responded evasively.
Bedelia turned and stared at the fire for a second and it suddenly snuffed itself out. Turning back to Stephen she asked, “Quinn told us you are a fire and a wind, is it the same for both powers or can you control wind on demand?”
“I have control over the wind.” Stephen replied cautiously, unsure of how his abilities compared to the others.
Suddenly, the wind picked up and blew fiercely past them all. Just as quickly the wind changed direction and blew back at them picking up dust from the clearing along its way. Stephen laughed and turned to face Cedric. Confident that this was something he could handle, he decided it was time to have a little fun.
The wind was blowing sideways to him now, coming in from his left. Stephen raised his left hand and the wind parted around the group as if an invisible shield had been raised. Everyone could see the path of the wind by the dust, but not a breath of it reached their skin. Cedric furrowed his brow in concentration and the wind inched closer. Stephen raised an eyebrow at Cedric and a strong commotion appeared on the leading edge of the wind. Dust swirled in all directions, except toward the group, then the wind suddenly broke and changed direction blowing fiercely away from them. Everyone felt a slight pull as the air was sucked around them before the wind died down altogether. The entire group turned to face Stephen, most glancing between Stephen and Cedric’s faces. Sir Cedric looked startled, but Stephen was smiling.
“What else can you do with the wind?” Cedric finally asked.
“Shall we practice?” Stephen asked as he pointed over to the trees.
“What do you want me to do?” Cedric gamely replied.
“Do you see the medium-sized pine tree in the middle?” Stephen asked pointing at the tree in mention.
“The one with the funny notch about four feet from the ground?” Cedric asked glancing at the tree.
“That’s the one. Now can you cause the wind to act only on that one tree?”
“No, but I can focus the wind on it and the three or four around it.”
“Alright, don’t hold back, put all your force into that group of trees.” Stephen commanded.
Cedric shrugged and raised both hands and then pushed them forward through the air toward the trees; intense concentration written in the lines of his face and with every muscle taut and straining as if he were about to leap forward. A fierce wind appeared ahead of him causing the trees to bend and sway under its force. Cedric let the wind continue for a moment, but then began to lose energy and stopped, panting slightly. Grunts of approval from the rest of the group rang out. “What can you do?” Cedric challenged.
“Do you want me to act on the same group or just the one tree?” Stephen asked politely.
“You can direct the wind that specifically?” Cedric asked. “Then just the one tree.” He requested when Stephen nodded in the affirmative.
Stephen rolled his shoulders back for effect and stretched his arms out in front of him popping his knuckles; he had been practicing this. He raised his right arm out toward the tree with his fist closed. Glancing over at Cedric he flicked his fingers open. Everyone else in the clearing jumped as the tree ripped from the ground roots and all, toppling over onto the forest floor. It had seemed like a vortex had been created just in front of the tree and all the wind and been sucked toward it at unbelievable speed. Everything went silent as the entire group stared at Stephen. None of them had ever seen a single wind elemental with enough strength to knock over a tree, several together, maybe, but never one alone, and never with such obvious ease.

Chapter 4
“Didn’t I tell you he had great power?” Quinn remarked to the group back at the tent. They had all quietly returned from the forest after Ronan had suggested that they had played around enough for one day. No one had spoken during the walk back and only Quinn and Bedelia would make eye contact with Stephen. The others carefully avoided looking anywhere but at him. Had he done something wrong, broken some rule he wasn’t aware of? 
He paused outside the tent unsure if he should follow them back inside, but Quinn waved him in and directed him to have a seat with everyone else. 
“It’s one thing to hear about it and quite another to see it.” Ronan calmly stated wiping his brow with a handkerchief. 
“I didn’t think that was possible.” Cedric said. “I know that I couldn’t do that if I practiced my whole life.” He said shaking his head in disbelief.
“I haven’t heard of anyone with so much concentrated ability.” Deidre stated. Even a group of winds directing all of their energy could not have focused on a single object like that.”
Cedric nodded his head in agreement, “She’s right, in a group, our concentrated power might have uprooted the whole group of trees, but I am unaware of anyone who can direct their power so perfectly.”
“I have to admit; even I was surprised by his strength.” Quinn remarked.
The others cast him funny glances. “I thought you said you knew he was powerful?” Deidre asked.
“I did believe he was powerful, but I thought it was because he possessed two powers, not because of the strength of the powers themselves.” Quinn explained.
“Has there ever been an elemental with two powers before?” Cedric asked the group at large.
“Yes.” Ronan replied. “There have been a few. Although all died before you were born; they all possessed the powers of earth and water.”
“They were also relatively weak in both powers, their strength portrayed in the fact that they had two.” Bedelia added. It was the first time she had spoken since they returned to the tent. The group was silent as they each contemplated what they had learned. Stephen was beginning to feel better; at least he knew that he had not done anything wrong. Still, it was a little disconcerting to have them talk about him as if he wasn’t even there. Sensing his discomfort, Bedelia turned to him and asked, “Quinn says he saw you use the ability of fire, can you explain how that was?”
Glad to finally be included, Stephen replied honestly, “It had to have been my initial fear and then astonishment and anger. I have tried to use it since, but I had no success until a few days ago.”
“What happened then?” Quinn asked leaning forward. 
“I came back to the castle after practicing all day, with no success I might add. My tutor was there, and, well, he was yelling at me for sneaking out again. Suddenly the rug at his feet burst into flames.”
Deidre chuckled, “I think I know how that feels.”
Bedelia smiled and then returned her focus to Stephen. “What did you do, did he realize you started it?”
“No. The servants came running at the sound of his cries and put it out. The head housekeeper assumed that a spark had escaped from the nearby fire and everyone agreed with her. The thing is, I realized that the fire started because I was so angry, so I started to practice using emotion to start fires.” Stephen explained.
“And... have you been successful?” Ronan asked.
“Yes and no. It takes intense concentration on something that makes me angry to start a fire.” Stephen replied.
“But you can start one?” Bedelia asked.
“Yes. I have even discovered this tingling feeling just before a fire starts. It seems like an early warning for me. I hope to be able to use it in the future to prevent accidental fires.” Stephen answered her.
Everyone glanced around at each other. Quinn was grinning broadly. “Didn’t I tell you?” Quinn said. They all nodded.
“What aren’t you telling me?” Stephen asked.
Bedelia leaned forward. “Stephen. I am the most powerful fire alive today. I am 48 years old. I was brought into the society at the age of twenty-five. I have practiced my skill ever since, but it was nearly a decade before I could feel ‘the tingle’ as you call it.” Stephen stared at her in surprise.
“I was one of the youngest elementals ever when I was discovered at the age of thirteen.” Cedric informed him. “Even so, I did not have the control you showed today for nearly five years. You have known of your power for only a fortnight and look at what you have accomplished.”
“What Sir Cedric failed to tell you is that he is the most powerful wind in history. We all are the most powerful in our element. That’s why Lord Nolan wanted you to meet all of us.” Ronan stated quietly.
“I was the most powerful.” Cedric interjected. “I think after today we can all agree that Stephen is the most powerful elemental anyone has ever seen.” They all nodded in agreement. No one spoke for a moment as they all thought about the impact of what they had seen today. “I can’t wait to tell Evelyn!” Cedric suddenly blurted out. “She was so impressed with the way you handled yourself last night.”
“Who is Evelyn?” Stephen wondered trying to think of someone he might have impressed the night before.
“You shared a table with her.” Cedric laughed. “Evelyn is Lady Tiernan, a childhood friend of my mother’s. She is one of only three light elementals known to exist today. Quinn, as you already know, is one of the other two. Unfortunately, you will probably never meet the third, Elidor. He is very old and not expected to live much longer.”
“I would love to see Lady Tiernan again.” Stephen replied honestly, shocked that he had shared the table with another elemental after all.
“Then I am pleased to be of such speedy service.” Lady Tiernan said from the doorway. Everyone had been so engrossed in the conversation that no one had noticed her enter.
“How much did you overhear, Evelyn?” Cedric asked turning bright red.
“Enough.” Lady Tiernan said laughing as she walked forward and ruffled Cedric’s hair. Cedric ducked his head away in a boyish manner while Ronan got up and offered her his seat.
“Thank you, Ronan. I take it I am not too early to play my role in this momentous occasion?” She asked looking around at the group.
“You are right on time, as always.” Deidre replied. “I think Stephen is ready to learn more about all of us, am I correct?” She asked glancing at Stephen and he nodded affirmatively.
“I can see that we have probably confused you again.” Lady Tiernan stated as she took Ronan’s vacated seat as he squatted nearby. “You see, I am the official historian for the elementals. It is my job to share this information with every new elemental. Usually we wait until we have several new elementals gathered together, but your emergence has special significance.”
“This will take a while.” Deidre stated. “I will see to some refreshments for everyone.” She rose from her chair and left the tent. Ronan straightened up and walked over to her vacated seat. He sat down and leaned forward to listen. This was clearly a conversation he wanted to hear.
“I guess I should begin at the very beginning, shouldn’t I?” Lady Tiernan asked rhetorically. “Over two hundred years ago, no one knows the exact date, a shepherd, named Calum, from the province of Idelisa, came to this very fair to sell his sheep. He was out among the people parading his best lamb when he noticed something strange. He saw a woman pass a few yards in front of him, but she had a strange white glow about her. Intrigued, the man followed her. He was surprised to see her head off out of the fair and into the surrounding forest. He had no trouble following her through the darkness of the trees because he could see her glow even from a distance. It was as if she beckoned him.”
“She stopped ahead of him in an open clearing in the woods. It was the very same clearing that you were taken to today, Stephen.” Evelyn said, studying him. Stephen realized that everyone in the room was as glued to her words as he was. 
“The woman was sitting next to a stream and appeared to be playing in the water. When the man looked closer, he was surprised to see that the water moved as if she was running her hand through it, but her fingers trailed several inches above the surface. He must have made a noise because she suddenly spotted him and jumped to her feet. It took a great deal of reassurance, but he finally convinced her that he would never tell anyone her secret and explained why he had followed her. Her name was Meredith and she was in her late fifties. She had discovered that she could make water move about two years before. At some point one of them noticed that she had cut herself on a thorn in her haste to rise. The man took her hand to look closer at the cut. Both felt a tingle and were shocked to see her cut heal before their eyes. They sat and talked for hours in the clearing, until they both decided that they would meet again the next year at the fair, but that they would never tell anyone else what they had seen that day.”
“The next year, the two met in the clearing on the appointed day during the fair as planned, only this time Calum had someone with him. The woman was afraid until the new man showed her that he could make the earth shake with the movement of his hand. Amazed, she listened as Calum explained how he had noticed the other man’s white glow while visiting the fair in Cathal. The new man’s name was Edan, and he was also in his fifties, but had discovered his power about ten years earlier. Together, the three formed the society of elementals and decided to meet every year at the Larcond fair.”
 “It was several years before additional members were added to the group. Partly because there was only one light elemental among them. The first two new members were a fire and a wind. The five members continued to search for others until their deaths. Fortunately, they found another light before Calum passed away. Eventually, the society as a group decided that the light elemental should travel to all the regional fairs every year looking for others. Everyone agreed that he stood the best chance of finding others at large gatherings. They combined their meager funds to pay for his journeys and the group slowly began to grow. Who knows how many were missed in the early years before they made such an effort?” Lady Tiernan mused quietly before continuing.
“Still, few were found before the age of forty, and although the first group included a fire, there were relatively few more in the first few generations. Eventually, the society began discovering elementals at earlier ages. They also began noticing that the powers seemed stronger in the new, younger elementals. Some wondered if it was because the younger ones had more physical energy because of their age. Others suggested that the powers were stronger because the elementals were usually told of their power before they had discovered it on their own and had longer to actively develop themselves. A select group believed that the powers themselves were getting stronger. We now believe that it is a combination of practice and natural increases in the powers themselves. Throughout the last one hundred years at least, each successive generation has been stronger than the one before.”
Lady Tiernan paused as Deidre entered the tent carrying food, a boy trailed behind her with two jugs of spiced wine and everyone moved to the table. Stephen was surprised at how hungry he was. Casual conversation about the events of the fair erupted among the group while the boy helped serve everyone at the table. As soon as he left, all conversation died off as if on cue and they all turned back to Lady Tiernan. Stephen realized that they had all had great practice in knowing when it was safe to talk.
“Today, we continue to send a light elemental out throughout the kingdom,” she nodded her head at Quinn, “whose job it is to search for and contact other elementals. Quinn took that job over for Elidor about three years ago, when he grew too old to travel. We believe that we find most elementals, although who knows for certain. It has become harder, however, as the powers emerge earlier.”
“What do you mean?” Stephen asked.
“Well,” Quinn responded, “the younger someone is, the less likely they are to attend the fairs. I have had to broaden my searches to major towns and villages, watching for any sign of white light.”
“We aren’t born glowing white?”
“No.” Quinn responded. As the powers mature in the body the natural hues, or human, outline begins to glow and move like white fire. Take you for example. I had seen you before at the annual fair, but it wasn’t until I saw you one day at the Larcond market that you glowed white. It sure as heck startled me something fierce.” Quinn said shaking his head at the memory.
“And I have known Sir Cedric since he was a little boy. He looked perfectly ordinary, like all non-elementals. I discovered that he had begun glowing at the winter festival in his thirteenth year.” Lady Tiernan added.
“Quinn said that others have been discovered and that they were killed, was it because of their age?”
Everyone grew silent and stopped eating as they waited for Lady Tiernan to answer. “Yes, for some it was. We have lost many for a variety of reasons. The first one we are aware of was a light. He made the mistake of healing a wound in a non-elemental. He was killed when the very man he saved accused him of witchcraft and said that his touch was that of a demon. Then we lost a fire when someone noticed fires starting around her every time anyone upset her.” She glanced significantly at Stephen. “She was drowned by the villagers where she lived. As she died, her torment was so extreme that she set the entire village on fire.”
Everyone was quiet. Stephen suddenly lost some of his excitement about being an elemental as he thought of the risk he faced through his very existence. “Do you believe we are demons?”
“No.” Lady Tiernan answered firmly. “I believe that our powers are a gift and that they come with a responsibility to society.”
“People are afraid of what they do not understand.” Deidre said softly.
“But we have the capacity for evil, just like everyone else.” Ronan added. “It is what you do with the power that is the difference.”
“What do we do then?” Stephen asked relieved not to have a curse hanging over his head.
“Do you remember the rainy spring several years ago?” Deidre asked.
“Yes, many wondered at the unusual intensity of the rain and expected floods, but as I recall they never happened.” Stephen answered and then the significance dawned on him and enlightenment filled his face. “You stopped them?”
“Yes. A group of elementals worked together using all their powers to divert the waters. When all four elements come together, we can work amazing wonders.” Deidre responded.
“Last year, there was a large fire in a village near my home in the province of Idelisa. It was a windy night and the wind was feeding the flames. Many feared the entire village would be engulfed. Another group of elementals came together. The earths shook the ground near destroyed structures causing them to collapse and creating a fire break. The waters brought the vapor in the air together to cause rain. The fires worked to suppress the fire itself, and the winds worked to change the direction of the wind, much as you did in the clearing today, to help stop the fire’s spread.” Bedelia added.
“That is why we keep the society going. We cannot prevent everything, but sometimes we can make things better than they would have been.” Ronan stated. “Of course, we don’t always have enough elementals around when something happens to make a difference; it makes it difficult at times.”
“Lately, we tend to live in certain villages so that there are always other elementals nearby. Weatherton has one of the largest populations in history.” Deidre added as Stephen nodded in understanding.
“We must always remember that we have one heart, one people, and one destiny." Lady Tiernan told him, emphasizing the words on the back of the medallion he had tucked under his tunic. "We need to ask for a promise from you, Stephen.” Lady Tiernan stated. “Now you know our history and the burden that we all share, are you willing to swear to never reveal our secret, to never use your powers in the service of evil, and to come to the aid of each other and even those who know nothing of our existence in their hour of need?”
Stephen stared thoughtfully at his hands. He understood so much more than he had when he had casually promised Quinn the same thing they were asking of him now. He understood that he was committing his life to the service of the society, that his life would not be his own. Was it worth it? Suddenly he realized the risk they had all taken just by contacting him and revealing themselves. None had hesitated to share of themselves. He knew what his answer had to be.
“Yes.” Stephen replied softly, and then louder, “with all that I am and will be, I pledge to honor the society and to never betray it. I also pledge to use my powers as God would see fit and not for my own gain.”
Everyone visibly relaxed and released a collective sigh as they let go of the breath they had been holding in anticipation of his response. Lady Tiernan reached over and clasped his hand. “I am so glad to welcome you to the society. Now, tell me about what happened in the clearing today.” Everyone laughed and they all started talking at once.

Chapter 5
The next day, Stephen did not have a chance to meet privately with any members of the society. It was the final day of the archery contest and he was expected to attend. At the end of the event, he would help present the awards to the top archer. As the morning dawned, the sun broke through the clouds and the grass sparkled from the morning dew. Stephen looked out over the tournament grounds and marveled at how quickly the stands were filling in anticipation of the day’s events. His father said that he expected the young archer from the small village of Calder on the north-eastern border by the sea to win the competition. He had never seen such talent in one so young. Clearly, the people filling the stands thought the same way. Stephen could feel their excitement as they expected to see something that had never happened before. Unlike the joust and long sword competitions, the archery contest did not have an age limit. The young lad in question was only nine years old. If he won, he would be the youngest winner in history.
Stephen stepped back into the tent and joined his mother and father at the table. He noticed that his father ate very little, mostly pushing the food around his trencher. He couldn’t help but wonder if his father was suffering from indigestion again. His mother seemed unconcerned and rattled on about the latest fashions and the exquisite fabrics she had seen being paraded along the streets at the market.
After the meal, the family left the tent together and entered the stands a short distance away as trumpets blared the news of their arrival. Stephen couldn’t help but wonder if they secretly wanted his entire family to go deaf as they always seemed to blast the trumpets directly in their ears. The family took their seats on the center platform, and he was pleased to see Lord and Lady Tiernan sitting next to him. Lady Tiernan was dressed like all the other women, in traditional tournament garb including the conical hat and veil. Even though the clothing was out of fashion, he enjoyed the festive and mysterious atmosphere the garments created. In the joust, the women would remove their veils and tie them to the lance of their favored knights.
As the archery contest began, Stephen realized his father had been right about the skill of the young archer. He was so talented that Stephen began to wonder if the boy had somehow mastered the wind and could guide his arrows to the target. He glanced over at Lady Tiernan, but she showed no excitement as she watched the contest, and in fact cheered for all the archers equally. He decided that it must be real skill and settled in to watch and cheer for the lad himself.
The spectators took their midday meal in the stands as venders passed among the crowds hawking pieces of pheasant and roasted lamb on a stick. Others sold minced pies of every flavor and candied apples so delicious that they melted in your mouth. Young barmaids strolled among the crowds with swinging jugs of ale or spiced wine perched on their hips. Everyone brought their own tankard in which the barmaids poured the drink, or the individual might purchase a single drink, and have it poured into their mouth directly. On the platform, Stephen and the others were served a sumptuous meal as fine as at any banquet and served on specially designed trays by the Larcond and Kendall servants. Stephen enjoyed his meal, but he secretly longed for spiced lamb or a minced pie. Sometimes being watched by everyone had its disadvantages. He sighed heavily, oh well, he always managed to get something during the fair when his father wasn’t looking.
The young lad did win the contest, besting out a thirty-year-old who had won the contest for the past five years in a row. The older man took it in stride and lifted the lad on his shoulders to carry him up to the platform and claim his prize. Stephen stepped forward along with his father and mother to present the awards. After his father proclaimed the young archer the best in the land, Stephen handed him a solid gold arrow and his mother handed the boy a bag of prize money. The older archer lifted the lad higher and paraded him in front of the stands for everyone to see. The crowds cheered loudly at the display of such excellent sportsmanship and for the talented boy. Even though Stephen’s official role was complete, he knew that it would be rude to leave the stands before the day’s events ended. He returned to his seat and settled in to watch the start of the sword competition. It would last until darkness fell and would not conclude until dusk the following day. The first of the jousting competitors would take the field the morning after its conclusion. Unlike the royal tournament, the smaller provincial tournaments did not have the space for the events to be held simultaneously.
The next day, Stephen managed to leave the tent before his parents roused from their beds. He planned to spend the day with Cedric. The two young men met at the town gate and proceeded down the market street heading away from town. They stopped to admire the goods at nearly every stall and commented about the funny characters parading around. Whenever an attractive barmaid or peasant would cross their path the two would find some reason to follow her for a while. Both young men sensed that a lasting friendship was developing between them. Every time they reached the end of the temporary market street, they would turn and head back up the opposite side. There was always something new to see. They spent a long time watching a performance by a traveling acting troupe. Stephen wondered what it must be like to live your life performing at various fairs in villages around the kingdom. He realized that it was a shame that they did not have a light elemental who could act, the traveling troupe would have made an excellent cover. It was strange how his thoughts so easily turned to his newfound knowledge at the strangest moments.
At midday, Cedric pointed out an empty table near one of the many food venders. The delicious aroma of roasting lamb filled the area and busy barmaids served hungry customers steaming trenchers filled with savory roasted vegetables and lamb. The young men sat down for a meal, although Stephen decided that Cedric enjoyed watching the barmaid more than he enjoyed the food. Cedric laughed when Stephen shared his thoughts aloud before he leaned over and informed Stephen that the barmaid looked like a tastier morsel. When it came time to pay, Cedric stopped Stephen by placing a hand over his money pouch.
“Not today you don’t” he teased.
“Why not?” Stephen asked innocently.
Cedric laughed again, “Have you forgotten that it is your birthday?” Stephen’s startled expression told Cedric his answer and he laughed even harder. Stephen eventually joined him, laughing at his own expense. He had been so excited about turning twenty-one, but in all the excitement of the fair and the goings on with the society, Stephen had completely forgotten. “Come on, I hear they’ve got a puppet show at a booth down the way.” Cedric said as he clapped his friend on the back.
“Don’t tell me you are still into puppets.” Stephen teased with his feet planted firmly on the ground and his hands on his hips.
“Nope,” Cedric called over his shoulder, “just the women who bring their younger brothers and sisters to watch!” He laughed. Stephen rolled his eyes, by now he should have known.
Cedric was right, there were many young women at the puppet show and the two men quickly motioned for a nearby barmaid to bring them some ale as they settled in to watch. The two were still at the puppet booth when a young lad came bursting through the crowd toward them hollering, “Your Grace, Your Grace!”
Stephen caught the lad by the shoulders just before he would have barreled into his chest. He glanced up just in time to see Cedric role his eyes. He suppressed a chuckle and said, “Were you looking for me young man?” The boy looked up into Stephen’s face and nodded, his eyes as big as saucers. Still, he didn’t say anything. “And is there a reason you needed me?” Stephen asked, gently prodding the child’s memory.
“Oh yes! Your mother, the Duchess, sent for you to come back to the tent as quickly as you can.” He stated proudly.
This time Cedric burst out laughing, and grabbing his friend’s arm he stated, “Come on, we had better hurry, the Duchess awaits.” He said emphasizing “the duchess” just enough for Stephen to hear the sarcasm in his words. Stephen grinned at his friend and tossed a coin to the boy as he and Cedric strode purposefully off toward the tournament grounds and his family’s tent.
They had trouble reaching the tent at first. There seemed to be an unusual number of people milling around and it was hard to push their way through. Then someone suddenly noticed Stephen and began hollering. “It’s him, everyone. There he is!” The peasant bellowed.
“Make room for His Grace.” Another man hollered. 
Stephen rolled his eyes at Cedric. Didn’t these peasants know that as a marquis he was only entitled to the title of ‘Lord’? Suddenly, the crowd parted and one by one they began to kneel and bow their heads before him. Something was wrong, this wasn’t normal. Stephen glanced worriedly at Cedric and they both broke into a run. They covered the last one hundred yards quickly as the group parted before them. Stephen continued to hear people murmur “Your Grace” as he passed. He felt his pulse quicken and the lamb began doing summersaults in his stomach. As he approached, the guards snapped to attention and swept the tent flap open and out of his way.
Stephen ran into the tent but stopped short just a few steps inside. Cedric collided with his back, not prepared for his abrupt stop. There was a large group of people inside the tent. Stephen recognized Lord and Lady Kendall, Lord and Lady Tiernan, and Lord Nolan, Cedric’s father. The ladies were softly weeping. The servants spotted him and bowed low, almost to the ground. What was happening, Stephen wondered? The three lords looked at each other as if trying to decide who would be next for a hanging. 
Finally, Lord Tiernan rose from his seat and walked slowly forward. Stephen could see it in his face, something terrible had happened. He wanted to back out of the tent and run. Just before he reached him, Lord Tiernan bowed low and then straightened to face him. The reason hit Stephen full in the face before the words left Lord Tiernan’s mouth. “I’m sorry to inform you, Your Grace, but your father passed away about an hour ago.” Lord Tiernan quietly stated. The words sounded as if they passed through a wall before reaching his ears, the whole world around him suddenly seemed muffled.
Stephen felt his entire world start to spin. He lost his breath and darkness clouded his vision. He thought he might lose his lunch. His first coherent thought was that his entire body was tingling. Deep inside he was struggling not just with the terrible knowledge that his father was dead, but with his power that could suddenly erupt at any moment. Stephen took great gulping breaths of air into his lungs, lowered his head and clenched his fists trying to calm himself. He felt Cedric and Lord Tiernan each take one of his arms and guide him forward. Stephen continued to take deep breaths and struggled to bring his eyes into focus. He had only felt this way once before. On the practice fields, Stephen had missed his opponent with his sword and had taken a blunted sword straight into the gut. That feeling had been similar, but this was far worse. He struggled to lift his feet and move as they propelled him forward. Lord Tiernan and Cedric suddenly stopped and turned him around. He felt them push him gently into a chair and he felt rather than saw Lady Tiernan grasp his hands in a death grip. He knew she understood the dual battle he was fighting at this very moment. Again, he struggled to find his breath and slowly began to focus as his vision cleared. He felt the tingle begin to fade, but he almost longed for its return, anything to help avoid the pain of his father’s loss.
“What happened?” Stephen finally asked.
“The healer believes it was your father’s heart. He collapsed in the stands and was brought back here. They rushed for the healer, but your father was dead before he arrived.” Lord Tiernan replied.
Stephen nodded and then asked, “Were you there?”
“No. I had escorted Lady Tiernan to the pie baking contest.” Stephen had not stopped looking at the rug at his feet and missed the look that passed between the two at his question.
“And my mother?”
“She was with him. She is with his body even now.” Lady Tiernan responded.
Stephen nodded and rose unsteadily to his feet. “I must go to her.”
“Are you sure you are alright to go?” Lady Tiernan asked without letting go of his hand. He knew she was asking the question on more than one level.
Stephen turned and looked into her eyes before answering, “I will be alright. I am in control.” He nodded at the relief in her eyes and let go of her hand. Slowly, he straightened and turned toward the back of the tent. The center partition blocked his view, but he knew that his mother was just beyond the flap with his father’s body. He squared his shoulders and pushed his way through the flaps.
Several hours later, Stephen left his mother’s side and returned to the group in the main section of the tent. Only Lord Kendall and Lord and Lady Tiernan remained as Lord Nolan had taken Cedric with him when he departed. Stephen stepped quietly up to them before they noticed his approach. They all rose when they realized he had joined them, but Stephen waved for them to sit back down without speaking. He took a seat in a chair in between the two lords and leaned forward resting his head in his hands. Stephen sighed deeply before saying, “you can send in the women to prepare his body now, my mother is ready.”
Lord Kendall signaled a servant over Stephen’s shoulder but did not leave. It wasn’t long before a group of women filed silently into the tent behind the servant. They followed him to the back of the tent and disappeared behind the partition. “I am sorry to have to burden you with more troubles, Your Grace, but there are decisions that must be made, and by all rights you are the one to make them.” Lord Kendall softly stated.
Stephen nodded into his hands and said, “Go ahead, I’m listening.”
“Well, first and foremost is the fair itself. You must decide whether to let it continue, or to close it immediately.” Lord Kendall stated.
At first anger flooded through Stephen, of course the fair must close, his father was dead after all, but then reason took over and Stephen realized that the lives of his people depended on the money they would make at this fair. Suddenly it struck him. His people. How quickly he had slipped into thinking that, but that is what they now were. His father may have been dead only a few hours, but it was now his responsibility to care for all the people of Larcond, no matter his personal feelings or loss. “The fair must go on. Too many people need the livelihood they gain from it to close it prematurely.” He calmly stated. Lord Kendall and Lord and Lady Tiernan all looked at his bowed head with new respect. None of them had expected such maturity from one so young and untested.
“It is as you say, Your Grace. I am sure that the profit margin will shrink as the people grieve the loss of your father, but there will still be profit to be had.” Lord Kendall acknowledged.
“You know you do not have to sit in judgment over the games, Your Grace.” Lord Tiernan interjected. “You could appoint Lord Kendall or Lord Nolan to take your place.”
“Yes, of course. It would be my honor to serve you in such a capacity.” Lord Kendall quickly added.
“Thank you, Lord Kendall, you do me a great service.” Stephen sincerely stated raising his head to look at him.
“I am at your service, Your Grace.” Lord Kendall replied.
It was silent for several moments before Lord Kendall asked, “When would you like to depart for home?”
Stephen thought about it for a moment. Personally, he would like to set out for home at first light, but he knew that a thousand or more persons counted on the safety of his guards on the return trip. If he left, they would be forced to return early, or risk bandits on the open road alone.
“We will leave the morning after the fair ends,” he stated calmly. Lord Kendall nodded in affirmation of Stephen’s words and then excused himself. Stephen knew that he had a great many things to watch over and was grateful for his assistance.
Lord and Lady Tiernan asked if they could return and speak with Stephen again the next day and Stephen agreed. The pair quietly left, and Stephen found himself alone for the first time. He didn’t move, but rather sat alone in the chair until after the women returned from preparing his father’s body. They each bowed on their way out and he nodded respectfully and offered his thanks for their service. Slowly, he straightened from his chair and went to ensure that his mother used his pallet for sleep this night. He would sit watch over his father’s body in her place. Tomorrow, he would arrange for it to be moved to the cathedral where a guard would stand over it until they set out for home.
In the morning, Stephen sat alone at the table. His mother had not left her bed. He was exhausted from sitting up all night but was relieved that his mother had not argued with him. Only an hour before, He had watched as his father’s most loyal guards had lovingly carried his body out of the tent. When they returned, they each took a knee in front of him and swore and oath of fealty. He was honored by their actions. Technically, they were not required to swear the oath until after the king had confirmed his place as the rightful heir. Stephen had dispatched a messenger to the king first thing this morning with news of his father’s death and instructing the messenger to return the king’s response to the ducal holding.
Stephen had given a great deal of thought to his new responsibilities during the night and there was one point on which he struggled to find a solution. His father rarely had a moment alone. Whenever he left the castle he was under constant guard. Stephen knew that it was going to be exceedingly difficult to practice his new powers and to meet the expectations of those around him. He had thought about it all night, but a solution still eluded him.
It wasn’t long before the guards announced that Lord and Lady Tiernan were outside and requesting an audience. He immediately informed the guards to let them pass and rose to greet them as they entered. Lord and Lady Tiernan both rushed forward and Lady Tiernan took his hands. “I hope we didn’t come too early, Your Grace, but we thought you could use someone to talk to this morning.” Lady Tiernan said as she softly patted his arm.
Stephen dismissed all the servants and guards from the room before returning his attention to Lord and lady Tiernan. “Would you mind calling me Stephen?” he asked looking at them both. “I know that when we are in public you have to use my title, but when we are alone can we drop the formality?”
“Of course, Stephen, but you must do the same. I am Bryan, and my wife’s given name is Evelyn.” Lord Tiernan replied.
Stephen nodded, he made no mention of the fact that he already knew Lady Tiernan’s name was Evelyn. “Would you please join me for the morning meal, or have you already eaten?” Stephen asked gesturing to the table, richly laden with untouched food.
“To tell you the truth, I am hungry.” Evelyn sheepishly replied. “I was in such a hurry to see you that I forgot to eat.” Stephen smiled slightly and the three took their seats. He took a handful of grapes and popped one in his mouth. It tasted bitter and he placed the rest on a trencher in front of him. Evelyn exchanged an ‘I told you so’ glance with her husband.
“Evelyn thought that you might have some very special concerns that you would need to discuss this morning.” Bryan said softly. Stephen glanced up, puzzled over the confusing words.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there Stephen, but even if I had been, I don’t think I could have helped your father. He was dead before anyone realized what had happened.” Evelyn apologized. Stephen gaped at her in astonishment.
Bryan didn’t look at all fazed by her comments, but surely, he heard what she said. Suddenly, Bryan chuckled. “Judging by your expression, I am guessing that Evelyn left out the ‘special situation clause’ when she gave you the rules of the society. Am I right?” Bryan asked, smiling paternally at his wife.
“Oh goodness, I think I did. Oh, I am so sorry Stephen. You probably think I just blurted out the secret.” Evelyn gushed, her cheeks flaming red.
“What ‘special situation clause’?” Stephen asked looking from one face to the other.
“Sometimes it becomes necessary for one reason or another to share information about the society with us lowly, non-powered humans.” Bryan replied with a smile. “In my case, I needed to know why my wife disappeared at strange times and was occasionally seen in the company of strange men.”
“When that happens, the society grants permission for the elemental to share the information on a need to know basis.” Evelyn added. “It’s almost always a non-elemental spouse.”
“My service to the king also helps the society because I travel to all of the provinces throughout the year. Since my wife and I always travel together, she is able to serve the society as both a messenger and a spotter for new elementals during our trips.” Bryan said.
“So, you know about me?” Stephen asked turning to Bryan.
“I know everything about all of you, and don’t worry, if I exposed any of you, I would risk exposing my wife and I would never endanger her in that way.” Bryan replied. “I thought you did excellent yesterday, by the way. I know it must have been extremely hard for you to maintain control.”
Evelyn nodded in agreement before adding, “That’s why we came, I thought you might need to talk.”
“And you obviously thought I would be mad at you for not saving him. I knew that you never could have risked exposing us, even for my father.” Stephen sagely replied. Evelyn’s eyes filled with tears as she realized that Stephen was not mad at her. “I have been worried though. I can’t figure out how I am going to learn to master my powers and meet with the society while under constant guard.” Stephen added, his frustration obvious.
Evelyn and Bryan exchanged a knowing glance before Evelyn said, “We might have a solution for that as well.”
“Really? I’m open to any suggestion.”
“We have come up with a way that you can routinely meet with us and have access to the society through those meetings.” Bryan stated.
“Go on.” Stephen encouraged, intrigued by the suggestion.
“We want you to marry our daughter.” Evelyn blurted out and then clamped her hand over her mouth, her cheeks flaming red again.
“What!” Stephen exclaimed. “Who said anything about marriage? I have never even met your daughter and you want me to marry her?” he sputtered, utterly appalled by the idea.
Bryan glared at Evelyn and then turned back to Stephen. “What my wife meant to say is that you could marry our daughter, when you are ready of course. That would give you an excuse to spend as much time with us as necessary and we could arrange for certain important individuals to be on hand whenever you visited.”
Stephen sat there staring at the pair in stunned silence. They wanted him to get married? Were they crazy? He had just become the Duke of Larcond, he certainly had enough to deal with and now they wanted to throw a wife into the mix. They were completely nuts and they were trying to drag him down with them he finally decided.
“Don’t answer immediately, Stephen” Bryan wisely stated, interrupting Stephen’s musings. “I think you might eventually decide it is a sound plan if you give it a chance.”
“And you will be surprised how quickly everyone starts demanding that you take a wife and produce and heir.” Evelyn added.
Stephen knew that was probably true. Deep down, he knew there was no malice in what they said, only wisdom born from true caring. “Alright, I’ll think about it, but you have to agree that even if I say yes that we will wait at least a year or two, is it a deal?” Stephen asked.
Both nodded yes, clearly pleased that he could think so rationally about it. “Of course, you may think that we are the ones who stand to gain in this arrangement, but as you said, you haven’t even met her. Just wait until you do, you might even change your mind about waiting.” Bryan laughed.
His comment suddenly reminded Stephen of the conversation on the night of the banquet and he laughed out loud. Seeing their puzzled expressions, Stephen explained, “I guess that settle’s the argument you had at banquet over when your daughter would enter society and be faced with suitors.” Stephen laughed.
Bryan and Evelyn exchanged smiles, “but I think Bryan is right, the second you see her you will decide that one suitor is enough.” Evelyn stated with a devastating smile of her own.

Chapter 6
Bryan and Evelyn spent the entire day with Stephen. Numerous visitors came to call and pay their respects for his father. The most powerful merchants and tradesmen all came visiting, secretly grateful that the young Duke had not closed the fair and threatened their livelihood. Evelyn had developed a secret signal for Stephen regarding each visitor. If her first question to the person was about the safety of their journey to the fair it meant the person was an elemental. If she first asked about their health, then the person was not an elemental. The system worked well, and Stephen lost count of the number of elementals he met that day, but he knew he had met at least fifty. Most were craftsmen or farmers, professions where having the power of earth, fire, or water might come in handy.
Even with the excitement of meeting so many elementals, Stephen had trouble concentrating and quickly grew tired of it all. His mother had not left the back section of the tent at all that day and he both secretly envied and resented her. She had the luxury to simply grieve for the loss of Stephen’s father, but he had to represent the family in his new role, no matter how tired he was. By mid-afternoon, Bryan told the guards to turn away any visitors and he and Evelyn left Stephen alone. It was funny how he had craved silence throughout the day, but now that he had it he was overwhelmed with the emptiness it created. Every now and then he would hear the crowd watching the games cheer loudly, but that just seemed to increase his feeling of isolation. Stephen was desperate for some distraction, anything that might keep his thoughts off memories of his father that were now so painful.
Long after the noise from the crowds ceased, he heard a commotion just outside the tent flap. He thought he recognized Cedric’s voice and he went to the entrance to see what was happening. Cedric was standing at the entrance arguing with the guard who refused to announce his presence. Stephen waved the guard away and ushered Sir Cedric inside.
“His majesty out there wouldn’t even tell you I was here.” Cedric complained, gesturing in the direction of the guard outside.
Stephen smiled, “I’m afraid Evelyn had something to do with that.”
Cedric gave him a brief, boyish hug that ended with a slap on his shoulder. “How are you holding up?”
“Better now that you’re here.” Stephen replied honestly. 
“Have you eaten today?” Cedric asked eyeing his new friend intently.
“Not much” Stephen replied evasively.
“You mean not at all, am I right?” Cedric asked, not letting his friend off the hook.
Stephen nodded his head and sat down heavily in one of the chairs. “I just haven’t been hungry.”
“That’s what I thought.” Cedric said as he returned to the entrance and disappeared outside for a moment. When he returned, he crossed over and sat next to his friend. Neither said a word for several minutes as Cedric watched his friend closely, unsure of what to say.
“How are the games going?” Stephen asked, realizing his friend’s distress.
“I’ve advanced past the first round in the joust.” Cedric said with an irrepressible grin.
Stephen chuckled, “I’m glad to hear it. Is this your first tournament?” Stephen asked, having never paid much attention to the actual contestants in the past.
“No, I’ve entered every year since I turned eighteen. I came in third at the royal games last year.” Cedric replied without boasting.
“I didn’t know you were so high in the ranks.” Stephen said with surprise.
Cedric bowed his head sheepishly before saying, “In light of everything else in our lives, the joust seems a little pale in comparison.” 
Stephen nodded and was silent as he thought about the magnitude of the changes he had experienced in the past two weeks. As the two sat together, not speaking, several servants entered carrying trays of food. They silently crossed to the table and laid out a variety of dishes and a jug of spiced wine.
“Please take a tray to my mother.” Stephen requested.
One servant gathered portions of each dish onto a small tray while another poured some of the spiced wine into a goblet. As the two servants left to serve his mother, the others filed quietly out of the tent.
“Shall we?” Stephen said, rising and gesturing to the feast spread before them on the table.
“Dukes before knights,” Cedric said as he rose and mockingly bowed before Stephen. Stephen gave a wan smile, before seating himself at the table. Cedric sat across from him and began piling food onto a trencher while Stephen lounged in his chair and watched. After he had filled the trencher with all the food it would hold, Cedric set it down in front of Stephen. He rolled his eyes at his friend as Cedric picked up another trencher and began filling it for himself.  “Eat.” He said, gesturing to the heavily laden trencher in front of Stephen. “You know I’m not going to let up until you’ve eaten at least half that.”
Stephen stared at Cedric for a moment before giving in and picking up a pheasant leg. The two men ate in silence for a while. Stephen noticed that Cedric watched him carefully to make sure that he wasn’t just playing with his food but was actually eating it. “Evelyn and Bryan had an interesting proposition for me.” Stephen stated, feeling around to see how much Cedric already knew.
Cedric swallowed his mouthful and asked while raising his goblet to his mouth, “A proposition about what?”
“They want me to marry their daughter.” Stephen replied flatly at just the right moment.
Cedric choked and coughed on the spiced wine, before sputtering, “What?”
“They suggested that I marry their daughter so that I could have better access to other elementals.” Stephen replied with a grin, secretly pleased that his new friend had not been in on the idea.
“I don’t understand, what does marrying their daughter have to do with access to elementals?” Cedric asked, still trying to adjust to the shocking suggestion.
“I am going to have trouble getting away from my men to spend time with other elementals, even to have time to practice. They thought that if I marry their daughter, I would have an excuse to spend a large amount of time in their home where they can arrange the guest list during the visits appropriately.” Stephen explained.
“Oh, I see.” Cedric replied thoughtfully. Both men didn’t speak for a moment until Cedric said, “You know, it’s not a terrible idea.”
“Oh, no. Not you too.” Stephen groaned.
“Well, it makes sense. You do need access that won’t arouse suspicion and they could get it for you.” Cedric replied, defending his statement.
“I know, I guess I’m just not ready to think about marriage to anyone for any reason.” Stephen sighed.
“Have you even met her?”
“No, but I really don’t see how that should matter. I am not ready to get married.” Stephen replied, unconcerned.
Cedric was quiet for a moment before he started laughing. At Stephen’s questioning look, he said, “I wonder how you’ll feel after you meet her.”
“Why?” Stephen asked, suddenly curious.
“Oh, nothing,” Cedric replied still laughing. “She’s just a girl.” Stephen knew there was something Cedric wasn’t telling him, but he really wasn’t that concerned about the whole matter and he let it drop.
The next day, Stephen spent most of the day going over the papers his father had brought with him regarding the fair. He soon discovered the vast amount of work that went into the planning and execution of such a large event. After dealing with the business of the fair, Stephen spent the rest of his time writing announcements to family and friends informing them of his father’s death. By the afternoon, Stephen had dispatched messengers to destinations throughout the kingdom. His mother had still not emerged when he was finished, so Stephen had another tray sent into her with instructions that the servant was to coax and cajole her into eating it if necessary. He knew that she needed time to grieve, but he couldn’t help feeling a little abandoned.
Stephen could hear the crowd cheering and chanting in the background and he knew that the time for the final joust was rapidly approaching. He had been kept informed throughout the day of Cedric’s progress and he was thrilled to learn that his friend would compete for the title in the final joust of the competition. Still, he didn’t feel that it was appropriate for him to appear at the games so close to his father’s death, so he remained in his tent and waited for news of the outcome.
Stephen could hear the crowd’s cheers increase and trumpets heralded the arrival of the two knights on the field. Suddenly the crowd grew silent and Stephen could just make out the pounding of horse’s hooves in the distance. He knew the two riders were galloping toward each other at a breakneck pace. The air pulsed with energy as Stephen held his breath and waited. There was a loud crashing sound just before the crowd erupted into deafening cheers. The cheering went on for a long time before Stephen realized that one of the knights must have been unseated. Otherwise, they would have tilted again by now. After about half an hour, Stephen heard a commotion just outside his tent and he turned just in time to see Cedric stride through the flap in full armor, minus his helmet. The grin on his face told Stephen everything he needed to know, and he quickly congratulated his friend.
“I had to come tell you first.” Cedric gushed, still slightly out of breath from the excitement.
“I’m impressed that you won so easily.”
“Were you watching?” Cedric asked suddenly puzzled.
“No. I could hear the reaction of the crowd and the sound of the horses from here.”
“I’m afraid I can’t stay.” Cedric apologized. “I have to attend the closing banquet tonight.”
“Come see me after the banquet. I have something to discuss with you.” Stephen requested, an idea taking shape in his mind.
“As you wish, Your Grace.” Cedric replied before attempting a stiff bow, but unable to complete it because of the armor.
“Go on.” Stephen said waving his friend away and laughing.
It was late into the evening when Cedric returned, but Stephen was waiting for him. He had spent the entire time formulating a plan and he hoped he could convince Cedric to cooperate. “Have a seat.” Stephen began, gesturing to the adjacent chair when Cedric entered.
Cedric crossed over and sat down, stretching his long legs out in front of him and sighing. “Long day?” Stephen asked rhetorically. Cedric just grinned in response and nodded. “I had an idea this afternoon and I wanted your opinion on it.” Stephen said. Cedric glanced over to watch him closely. He sensed that this was important from his friend’s tone. “I have been thinking about all of the changes that I am going to have to face and all of the responsibilities.” Stephen began. “To be perfectly honest, I am more than a little intimidated by it all.” He admitted.
Cedric nodded and said, “I think it is natural for you to feel that way. In fact, I think your concern about your abilities is a sign of your readiness to hold this position.” 
Stephen shrugged before continuing, “No matter how much others may feel that I am ready, I would like to have people I trust close at hand.”
“Well, you know my father will be around often as your envoy.” Cedric interrupted.
“I was thinking of something more frequent than your father’s visits.” Stephen said vaguely. 
“I don’t understand.” Cedric replied, confusion in his voice.
“I would like to have you come and live at the castle as my second-in-command.” Stephen replied softly.
“Me?” Cedric asked, shocked. “But I have no experience and your father’s second-in-command is one of the best warriors in the kingdom.”
“My father’s second-in-command is older than he was. I think he might be induced to enjoy a wealthy retirement. Besides, after your performance today, few would question your abilities to lead and train my men. You are one of the youngest tournament champions in history.” Stephen reasoned.
Cedric simply sat and stared at the floor for a long time, lost in thought. Stephen didn’t press his friend, he knew that it was a great offer for Cedric, but it was also a challenging responsibility that meant the end of his youth and the beginning of official adulthood. Stephen knew how that felt; he had just been forced to take that step.
“Alright,” Cedric finally stated, turning to face Stephen.
Stephen startled, unsure that he had heard correctly having been lost in his own musings, “Do you mean that you agree?” He asked hopefully.
“Yes. I agree. It is a great honor that you are giving me, and I would be a fool to turn you down.” Cedric replied sincerely.
“When could you join me at the castle to take up your position?”
“I think that I could settle things at home and join you within a fortnight.” Cedric replied after thinking for a moment.
“Excellent. I will have the third-floor chambers cleaned and prepared for your personal use.” He replied and Cedric nodded, shocked at the prospect of his new position and the fact that he was to be given a suite of his own in the castle itself. “Shall we drink to your new life?” Stephen suggested, gesturing to the jugs of spiced wine and ale.
“That, or we could drink to the loss of our youth.” Cedric laughed. Stephen smiled and Cedric rose and headed over to get two goblets. “I’ll pour.” He held up the spiced wine, but Stephen shook his head and pointed at the jug of ale. Cedric poured two goblets of ale and came back over to the chairs, handing a goblet to Stephen. Both men took healthy swigs from their goblets.
A few minutes later, a guard entered and bowed respectfully. “Yes?” Stephen asked.
“There is a messenger from Lord Kendall, Your Grace.”
“Send him in.”
The messenger entered and bowed low before Stephen. “I have a message from Lord Kendall, Your Grace.” He intoned respectfully.
Cedric rolled his eyes behind the servant’s back and Stephen had a hard time suppressing a smile. “Please share it.” He replied.
“Lord Kendall asks if he can meet with you in the morning before your departure.”
“Inform Lord Kendall that he is welcome to share the morning meal with me.”
“As you wish, Your Grace.” The servant said, bowing low again and quietly leaving the tent.
“That’s going to take some getting used to.” Cedric laughed.
“Tell me about it.” Stephen said shaking his head and taking another large drink of ale.
The next morning, the tent city began to come down as the people packed up and prepared for departure. Stephen met with Lord Kendall at a table on the green between the tournament grounds as his men began breaking down the ducal tent. Stephen was pleased to learn that the early estimates showed that the fair had still managed to make a small fortune, despite his father’s death casting a pall over the festivities. He was also surprised to hear that the cloth merchants had sold out of black cloth. It seemed that all the people wanted to show their grief for the loss of the Duke of Larcond. Most had chosen a simple black armband, but the wealthier had added black veils and even hastily made tunics. Stephen was honored by the show of respect and support for his family. Viscount Kendall promised to come to the Ducal holding as soon as he finished the accounting. Stephen quickly finished his business with the viscount and then thanked him again for his loyal service. After Lord Kendall departed, Stephen quickly turned his attention to the preparations going on around him.
Just as the tent was coming down, a wagon approached from within the town bearing the body of his father. Someone had draped his coffin and wagon in black and the somber presence of his father’s body reminded Stephen of his loss. He escorted his mother over to the wagon and she stood for a long time with her hand resting on the draped coffin. She never spoke, but just simply stared, as if lost in thought. Stephen worried over his mother’s response to his father’s death. The servants reported that even with their encouragement she had eaten little and Stephen knew that she had not spoken at all. Concerned over her condition, Stephen assigned a soldier to stand watch over his mother until their departure.
The trip home was long and tiring. The once jubilant crowd departed for home in a somber mood, trailing behind the wagon carrying the body of Stephen’s father. An honor guard rode at each of the four corners of the wagon, two to the front and two to the back. Stephen followed behind his father’s coffin and his mother rode with an escort just behind him. It was a silent trip, with only the sound of crying babies and the baying of animals to distract from the rolling sound of the wagon wheels in front of him.
As they passed through each town and village, the townspeople lined the roads with heads bowed in respect. Stephen could not know that word had already spread throughout the province that the new Duke had placed the needs of the people before his own. They emerged from their homes to line up along the road out of as much respect for him as for his father.
When they reached the town of Larcond, the entire population turned out to watch the procession go by. His father’s soldiers lined the road leading up to the castle gates. As Stephen passed by his men, he realized that these were now his men. The wagon passed through the gate and rolled to a stop in front of the castle where he dismounted and stretched to ease his aching muscles as his father’s steward came forward to greet him. Stephen directed him to bring his father’s body in to the hall where it would remain until the burial tomorrow. He watched in silence as his mother entered the hall behind his father’s body. She stood staring down at the coffin until Stephen brought her a chair and gently placed her in it, where she remained until the pallbearers came for his father’s body in the morning. Stephen walked behind his father’s coffin supporting his mother on his arm to the cemetery on the hill outside town. It was a cold, gray day with a gentle rain falling on the mourners as they traipsed up the hill and surrounded the mausoleum. With the inclement weather, the service was brief, and it wasn’t long before Stephen’s father was safely entombed in the family mausoleum. The mourners filed silently back down the hill, returning to their homes and warm fires on this unusually cold day. His mother retired to her bedchamber immediately after the funeral and did not emerge for the remainder of the day.
The hall smelled of the flowers placed to mask the smell of decay, but the smell did not appeal to Stephen. It reminded him of death, and he had them removed before he took a seat at the head table and waited for the castle steward to join him. The steward, a man named Blair, was only a few years older than Stephen, but was brilliant with numbers and organization. He spent the entire day going over the castle affairs which needed immediate attention. His father had often bragged that he was the best steward in the land. By evening, Stephen was tired and craving some time alone, but he had one last piece of business he wanted to handle before the day was out. After Blair left, Stephen sent a servant to summon Phelan to his presence.
“You sent for me, Your Grace?” Phelan intoned when he arrived.
Stephen turned from his position before the fire and made quick work of his task. “Yes. I wished to inform you that I no longer have need of your services.”
“I expected as much, Your Grace. Although, I must admit that it will be nice to see my wife and son again.” Phelan replied.
“I was not aware that you were married and had a child.” Stephen said with surprise.
“Yes, I have been away so long I wonder if he will even recognize me.” Phelan replied with a shrug.
“Well, we shall not keep you from him any longer. I have arranged for you to receive your salary for the rest of the contract you had with my father in addition to a small gift. I hope that it will serve you and your family well.” Stephen informed him.
“Thank you, Your Grace. I hope that if you ever have need of my services you will not hesitate to send for me.” Phelan said, bowing low and quietly leaving the hall.
Stephen sighed and returned his gaze to the fire. He would not miss Phelan’s presence in the castle. It had been a hard day, but at least there was some small reward in all this mess. He was at least grateful that their parting had been civil.
Three days later, a messenger arrived from the king confirming Stephen’s right to the title of the Duke of Larcond. He also expressed his own grief over the loss of Stephen’s father whom he had known since he was a little boy. The King had closed his message by encouraging Stephen to visit court after he had settled into his new role. By mid-afternoon, every soldier in Larcond had sworn an oath of loyalty to Stephen.

Chapter 7
The next week passed by quickly, and Stephen was pleased to greet Cedric upon his arrival at the end of it. He had been right about his father’s former second-in-command; the man had been eager for a quieter life and had readily accepted Stephen’s generous offer. Most of the young soldiers were excited to train with such a young tournament champion; all hoped that they would learn some secret to his success. Overall, it was a smooth transition gladly accepted by everyone involved.
Cedric’s role as Stephen’s second-in-command allowed Stephen and Cedric the opportunity to escape alone into the forest where they practiced their powers together. Through careful practice the two honed their powers and learned to work in tandem. Their power grew as the two learned to anticipate each other’s thoughts and actions. Unfortunately, Stephen’s control over his abilities with fire had shown little improvement. He could usually achieve a fire with great effort, but he still had little control over what he ignited, to Cedric’s great amusement.
Cedric left a week before the Royal Tournament and returned an even bigger champion. He had beaten his opponent three lances to none and was already being heralded as one of the greatest champions ever. However, he spent little time in Cathal and instead rushed back home and once again took up his new duties with boyish enthusiasm.
Life quickly settled into a routine with full days of training and provincial matters followed by quiet evenings spent in conversation and games with his friend. Stephen’s mother never left her chamber, and her absence allowed Cedric and Stephen the freedom to discuss anything in the great hall without fear of discovery. Evelyn corresponded frequently with the two men and they enjoyed their ability to discuss the society’s affairs before the fire in the great hall. However, more often than not, Stephen’s ears were regaled with tales of the local beauties Cedric had seen in town. His tales kept Stephen’s sides aching with laughter over his friend’s preoccupation with the fairer sex. Cedric complained that he had to make up for Stephen’s lack of interest, but Stephen also knew that it was a subtle hint that he needed to look to his future. 
Stephen longed to have his friend’s carefree attitude, but he knew that in his position any relationship might be construed the wrong way. Only the prince and the Marquis of Cathal ranked higher among the single men in the kingdom, and any action on his part might encourage the wrong ideas in a young maiden’s heart. Stephen also still had to decide regarding Bryan and Evelyn’s suggestion to marry their daughter. He abhorred the idea of an arranged marriage; to be strapped for life to someone he really didn’t know at all. Everything was too complicated for Stephen and he refused to burden his friend with his problems, so Stephen simply smiled and let his friend assume that he just didn’t have time for women right now. In truth, time really was a factor on its own as Stephen still spent a great deal of his days learning about his new role and responsibilities. He really didn’t have the time for anything else, especially romance.
Late in September, Stephen and Cedric were sitting in the hall after a long day. Stephen had spent most of it going over the ledgers with Blair and ensuring that the castle and town had enough provisions for the winter. The days were already getting colder and this morning there had been frost on the grass. After his meeting with the steward, Stephen had spent over an hour with the head housekeeper going over a variety of problems with the kitchen and upkeep of the castle. Normally his mother would have dealt with these issues, but since his father’s death and her self-enforced seclusion, Stephen found that there was no one else to do it. More and more Stephen began to feel that both of his parents had died that day at the fair. Lost in his own musings, it was awhile before Stephen realized that his friend was not his usual jovial self. He was instantly filled with concern as he studied his friend in silence, noting his somber expression and vacant gaze.
“Is there something wrong, Cedric?” Stephen asked, breaking the silence.
“What? Oh, I’m sorry.” Cedric replied, startled out of his own reverie. “I’m just tired I guess.”
“It’s more than that.” Stephen stated, encouraging his friend to open up.
“I was just thinking about something that happened in town today.”
“Nothing bad, I hope.”
“No, not really,” Cedric sighed without going further. Stephen waited patiently for his friend to explain. “I was down near the market today and as I was coming out of the blacksmith’s shop, I saw a girl, and well, I can’t explain it, but there was just something about her.” Cedric replied almost dreamily.
Stephen suppressed a grin and asked, “Did you meet this girl or just see her?”
“No, I didn’t get a chance to meet her, but I followed her and saw her go into the cloth merchant’s house. I asked around and found out that she is his daughter.” Cedric explained, still staring off vacantly.
Stephen really had a hard time keeping his laughter at bay as he pictured his friend following this poor girl around like a love-sick puppy dog. It was several minutes before he composed himself enough to ask, “And what do you plan to do now?”
Cedric finally glanced up at Stephen, “I don’t know. I’ve been sitting here trying to figure out a way to introduce myself and I just can’t think of anything.” He lamented.
This time Stephen did laugh, he laughed so hard he had tears in his eyes. At first, Cedric looked insulted, but then he slowly saw the humor in his own words and actions and grinned sheepishly at his friend. “I’m sorry.” Stephen apologized while wiping the tears from his eyes and trying to suppress his laughter. “It’s just that you normally seem so sure of yourself where women are concerned.”
“I know. That’s what is bothering me. I saw her and it was like someone hit me over the head. I just couldn’t think of anything to say or do to get her attention.” Cedric said, trying to defend himself.
“What if I make up for my laughter by inviting the girl and her family to the castle for dinner tomorrow night?” Stephen asked, still struggling for control of his humor.
“That would be great.” Cedric said, beaming at his friend, all anger forgotten as excitement over the prospect of meeting her lit up his face.
The next morning, Stephen sent a messenger to the cloth merchant’s house with an invitation for the family to come to dinner that evening. The messenger returned shortly with an affirmative reply; the entire family would be in attendance this evening. When Stephen informed Cedric of the news he thought that he would have to tie Cedric to a chair to contain his nervous energy. Stephen couldn’t imagine being so worked up over someone he had only seen and never met.
By the time a guard announced the arrival of the cloth merchant and his family, Stephen thought Cedric looked green he was so nervous. Stephen instructed the guard to bring the family into the hall and both men rose to greet their guests. The cloth merchant appeared first, obviously concerned and nervous over the reason for an impromptu meeting with the Duke. His timid wife trailed slightly behind him, clutching the arm of a young lad of twelve to thirteen years of age. Behind her a young woman entered, clearly the object of Cedric’s attention by his immediate reaction. She was a petite young woman with a slight frame and rich, chestnut hair. She was very fair in looks as well, Stephen noted. Stephen nearly burst out laughing when his friend checked his clothing for lint and imperfections, and his broad smile that resulted immediately put the cloth merchant at ease as Stephen greeted him.
“Duncan Weaver at your service, Your Grace,” he said bowing low as his wife drew to a stop beside him. “This is my wife Brigid.” He said as she curtsied. “And these are my children, Arden and Alana,” he said gesturing to the young man and woman behind him who also bowed and curtsied.
“It is my pleasure to welcome you to the castle.” Stephen said warmly. “This is my second-in-command, Sir Cedric Nolan, son of the Earl of Larcond.” Stephen said while placing a hand on Cedric’s shoulder.
Cedric gave a half bow and said, “It is my pleasure to meet you as well.”
The family bowed and curtsied again. “It is an honor to meet this year’s tournament champion, and I must say your performance at the games was nothing short of spectacular.” Duncan gushed. Cedric blushed under the compliment and the sudden knowledge that the object of his affection must already know of his personal achievements.
“Will you join me at my table?” Stephen asked, gesturing to the head table.
Duncan bowed again and the family followed Stephen to the table with Cedric trailing slightly behind. Stephen had chosen a more intimate place setting this evening and the chairs where arranged around the head of the table instead of in the traditional banquet style; he didn’t want to miss out on anything tonight. He took his place at the head and gestured for Duncan to sit on his left. Brigid took her place on her husband’s other side. Cedric pulled out the chair one seat over from Stephen’s right for Alana, her brother took the seat to her right and then Cedric sat in between Alana and Stephen. At his signal, the doors to the kitchen opened and a bevy of servants entered carrying large platters of food, trenchers, goblets and jugs of spiced wine. No one spoke as the bounty was spread before them.
“Please share my meal with me.” Stephen said gesturing to all the food while the servants poured wine into each goblet. 
Everyone helped themselves to the food before them, the family tentatively at first, but then more heartily at Stephen’s encouraging gesture. Arden filled his trencher to over-flowing and made Stephen smile at the memory of when he was that age and he never could seem to get enough food. After everyone had served themselves no one spoke as they each began to eat the delicious offerings laid before them.
“I hear that the cloth merchants did exceptionally well this year.” Stephen finally said to break the silence.
“Yes, Your Grace, I am pleased to say that this has been the best year ever for me personally.” Duncan replied.
“I must admit that I have been impressed with the variety and quality of the cloth available in the market this year.” Stephen said. Out of the corner of his eye, Stephen saw Cedric lean over and whisper something to Alana, who blushed prettily and replied in a whisper of her own.
“Yes, Your Grace. The finer materials were so popular last year that I decided to take a risk this year and offer greater variety and of finer quality than I normally would. I must say that the gamble paid off better than my greatest expectations.” Duncan explained.
“How long has your family been in the cloth business?” Stephen asked, drawing Duncan further into the conversation as Cedric and Alana continued to whisper together.
“I can proudly say that my family has been producing cloth for over two hundred years now,” Duncan replied, clearly proud of his family’s heritage.
“And you, Mistress Brigid, do you come from a line of weavers as well?” Stephen asked, drawing the previously silent wife into their conversation as well.
“Yes, Your Grace. My parents are cloth merchants in the town of Calder by the sea.” She said.
“Calder is a beautiful town, one of my personal favorites.” Stephen replied honestly, noting that Cedric and Alana had now drawn Arden into their conversation.
“I must admit that I miss the smell of the sea and the wind off the coast, Your Grace.” Brigid admitted.
Stephen continued his conversation with Duncan and Brigid long after the servants had cleared the remains of the meal from the table. However, they kept everyone’s goblet full and the result was a relaxed atmosphere. Stephen was surprised at how much he enjoyed hearing about the life of a cloth merchant and the ins and outs of the business itself. He had expected to find the evening tedious, but instead he soon lost track of what was happening with Cedric he had become so engrossed in his conversation with the elder weavers. It was well into the evening before the family rose to take their leave. Stephen escorted Brigid to the door and Cedric escorted Alana. 
“I cannot remember when I have had a more pleasurable evening.” Stephen honestly replied as he kissed Brigid’s hand in goodbye. 
Duncan visibly straightened up with pride and said, “It was a great honor you did our family this evening, Your Grace, one we will not be forgetting.” He promised as the family strode out into the dark night.
“That appeared to go very well.” Stephen said, turning to look at Cedric after the door closed.
“She said that I can walk with her tomorrow afternoon.” Cedric replied grinning from ear to ear.
The two men strolled over to their chairs before the fire. “I take it she still intrigues you now that you have met her?”
“She is more than I could have imagine,” Cedric began. Stephen was tired, but he knew his friend needed to talk. He just didn’t realize that his friend could spend nearly as many hours praising the young lady’s attributes as he had spent with her in person. It was well past midnight before Stephen could break away.
The next morning, Stephen asked Cedric what he thought about inviting the various merchants in town up to the castle for dinner on a regular basis. He realized from Cedric’s puzzled expression that Cedric had not heard any of the conversation he had shared with Alana’s parents the previous evening. He quickly shared some of the more interesting points and pointed out how much more equipped he felt in making decisions regarding business affairs involving the cloth trade. Cedric immediately understood the value of what Stephen was suggesting and the two decided that they would invite the tin smith to come next week. Stephen could not know, but it was the beginning of a long tradition which eventually came to benefit the merchants in town and the entire province.
That evening, Stephen again listened to his friend gush about Alana. It was becoming harder and harder for Stephen not to laugh as Cedric went on and on about how her hair sparkled in the sunlight, or how she blushed so prettily at something he had said. If Cedric was any judge, Alana felt a similar attraction for him as Cedric had for her. Stephen hoped it was so for his friend’s sake.
Only a few weeks later, Cedric shocked Stephen when he told him that he planned to ask Duncan for Alana’s hand in marriage if Stephen would allow it.
“Are you sure that she is the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with?” Stephen asked, flabbergasted by the turn of events.
“I have never wanted anything more.” Cedric quietly replied. “I just don’t want to let you down.” Cedric said.
“What do you mean?” Stephen asked confused as to how Cedric’s marriage would let him down.
“Well, I assumed that after I marry, you will want to replace me as your second-in-command.” Cedric replied haltingly.
“Do you want to leave your position?”
“No. I love my role here, but a family is a big responsibility and I would never want you to feel like I was not completely devoted to your service.” Cedric replied honestly.
“My friend, I believe that you will be a wiser and fuller man because of your responsibilities to your family and if you feel that you can handle both, than the position will be yours for as long as you wish. As a matter of fact, you may still have use of your personal suite here in the castle.” Stephen said, while leaning forward and placing a hand on his friend’s knee.
“I am honored that you have so much faith in me. I will stay since you will have me; of course, none of this means anything if she doesn’t agree.” Cedric said, suddenly worried by the prospect.
“She would be a fool to refuse you.”
That evening, Cedric was pleased to inform him that Duncan had given his blessing and Alana had accepted his proposal. He soon had Stephen rolling with laughter over his description of the events that had unfolded that afternoon.
He had searched out Alana’s father at his shop and had been forced to wait to speak to him while Duncan helped an elderly woman with her purchase. By the time Duncan finished, Cedric had thought that he was going to lose his lunch all over the shop. To make matters worse, Duncan kept piling bolts of cloth into Cedric’s arms as he walked around straightening the shop. No matter what Cedric did, he simply could not get the man to stop and listen. Finally, when he couldn’t take it anymore, he just gave up waiting.
“I want to marry your daughter.” He blurted out, just moments before he realized Alana was standing in the doorway to the family quarters. Both Duncan and Cedric turned to her, Cedric’s face blazing with embarrassment. Alana paused only a moment after she realized what was going on and then she strode over to stand directly in front of Cedric, still holding several of the fabrics in his arms. 
“I take it there is something that you would like to ask me?” She asked with a sparkle in her eyes.”
“I, um, yes, well, I was, um, hoping….” Cedric babbled incoherently.
Alana had gently silenced him by placing a finger lightly upon his lips. “If you’re asking me to marry you than the answer is yes,” She said staring into his face with all her love shining upon hers.
Cedric had simply nodded his head before dropping the fabric and sweeping her into his arms. Stephen wondered at the changes he saw in his friend. His nervousness was gone, and in its place, was a self-assurance and obvious pride born of a man who was at peace with the world. Stephen whole-heartedly offered his congratulations and a toast to the future of his friend’s marriage.

Chapter 8
Cedric and Alana decided that they did not want to wait long to get married and instead opted for an early November wedding. Cedric immediately dispatched a request for the King’s blessing over his marriage. As the son of an Earl, he could not marry without it. The King returned a missive including his royal blessing without delay and Stephen sent messengers out to Bryan and Evelyn and to Cedric’s parents inviting them to the castle for the festivities. Both messengers returned with affirmative responses from the parties involved. Bryan and Evelyn planned to arrive a few days before the wedding, but Lord Nolan and his wife would not arrive until the day before. Stephen worked twice as hard each day to prepare the castle for the arrival of his first guests as the Duke of Larcond. He wanted everything to be perfect for his friend’s big day.
As the weeks passed and the wedding day drew near, Stephen noticed that his friend grew more and more nervous. Cedric was terrified that Alana would suddenly decide that she didn’t want to marry him after all. Stephen did his best to calm his friend’s nerves in the little time that he had with him. Cedric spent so much time with Alana at her parent’s house that Stephen was a little lonely at times. He looked forward to Alana moving into the castle with Cedric because the castle would no longer be so quiet. It was on the lonely, quiet evenings that Stephen found himself sitting before the fire and brooding over his own future. He didn’t resent his friend for his happiness, but he did wonder if he would ever have a tenth of it for his own.
Four days before the wedding, in the early afternoon, a rider approached the castle gates to inform Stephen that Lord and Lady Tiernan’s entourage approached and was only an hour away. Stephen knew that everything was ready for them. The castle was spotless having received a thorough cleaning from the towers down. The guest quarters had been aired and fresh linens awaited the guests. He could smell the ceaseless efforts of the cooks in the kitchen and he knew that the meals served during the festivities would please even the king himself. He sent a message to the kitchens alerting them to the arrival of the first of the guests and then paced the hall, impatient to see his new friend’s again. Cedric and Alana arrived to join him as he waited only a few moments before the trumpets sounded the arrival of a lord of the realm.
They left the hall to wait on the steps of the castle as the first of the riders passed through the gates. Stephen immediately recognized Evelyn by the sight of her long, blond hair flowing freely behind her as she passed under the gated arch. Bryan rode beside his wife and helped her dismount when they reached the castle. They approached the castle steps together, smiling broadly in greeting.
“Welcome to my home.” Stephen said, taking Evelyn’s hand and kissing it. 
“It’s about time we were invited.” Bryan joked, cuffing Stephen on the shoulder.
“Sir Cedric, it is wonderful to see you looking so happy.” Evelyn said as she hugged him, her friendship with his mother was so close that he felt like her nephew and not just the son of a friend. 
“And this must be your beautiful bride.” Bryan said, turning to greet Alana with a kiss to her hand.
“Yes, Lord and Lady Tiernan, may I present my future wife, Alana Weaver.” Cedric said proudly as Alana curtsied. “Alana, these two are my parent’s closest friends.” He said turning to his bride.
“It is a pleasure to meet you both I assure you.” Alana replied.
“You must be tired and in need of refreshment.” Stephen said gesturing inside as the servants opened the doors to the hall behind him. The weary travelers agreed and headed into the castle together.
Later that evening, after a sumptuous meal and after Cedric had returned from escorting Alana home for the evening, the four gathered in the hall around the warmth of the fire. “I know that you had to send the news of your engagement through a messenger, but don’t you think you could have found some way to tell me?” Evelyn asked suddenly, turning on Cedric with an almost accusatory expression.
“I’m sorry.” Cedric stammered. “I thought the announcement was enough; I did not realize that you would want me to tell you the news in person.”
“Not the news of your engagement.” Evelyn said shaking her head, “the news about Alana.”
Everyone stared at Evelyn, unsure of what she meant. Even Bryan stared at her in confusion. Cedric glanced over to Stephen, but Stephen merely shook his head, he was as clueless as everyone else.
“What news about Alana?” Cedric asked.
“That she isn’t an elemental.” Evelyn replied. “I thought you once said that you would never marry a non-elemental, and that you would never risk what happened to Deidre” Evelyn said.
“I guess we can’t help who we love.” Cedric said as he shrugged.
“Wait, what happened to Deidre?” Stephen asked, sensing that he was missing some crucial information.
 “She didn’t tell you her story?” Evelyn asked. “No matter,” Evelyn said with a dismissive wave. “She wouldn’t mind if I shared the story with you, most of the older elementals already know the tale.” Evelyn said with a shrug. “You see, Deidre married a non-elemental two years ago, unfortunately, he discovered her practicing her powers just a month after they married. She informed him of our society, only, he could not bring himself to accept what he felt was an evil gift. We all tried to convince him, but our efforts failed. He promised to keep our secret, more from fear of reprisal I think than from honor, but he won’t allow Deidre to live in their home. She is only twenty years old and condemned to live her life alone. We all help provide for her.” The entire group was quiet after Evelyn’s tale. All sorry for the personal tragedy Deidre had experienced and angry with her unreasonable husband. Stephen now understood Deidre’s comment to him that some found fear in what was different.
The day of the wedding dawned with crisp, cold air and a brilliant blue sky. The guests filling the chapel in the early afternoon were in a jubilant mood. Evelyn spent the morning helping the bride prepare for the wedding along with Alana’s mother Brigid and Cedric’s mother Lady Alys, who had arrived the evening before. The three women gushed over the bride, fixing her hair and her wedding garments to complete perfection. Alana’s wedding gown was of the palest yellow fabric, richly embroidered with green ribbon. She wore a shining, white undergarment which peeked through at her sides, the tops of her sleeves and at the hemline. A heavy silver chain hung low on her hips. Evelyn carefully weaved a rope of pearls into two thick, chestnut braids which ran along either side of Alana’s head before swooping up to join at the crown of her head and then cascading down her back in long, flowing tresses.
Stephen spent the day with Cedric, trying unsuccessfully to calm his friend’s nerves while periodically checking in with Blair, the housekeeper, and the cooks to make sure everything was ready for the banquet after the wedding. Lord Nolan kept checking in, his own nerves nearly as shaky as his son’s. Just after one in the afternoon, Bryan came to tell the three men that the priest had arrived and was waiting in the chapel. The three men headed down to the chapel while Bryan went to inform the bride that the time for the wedding had come.
After the service, the guests filed into the decorated hall for the wedding feast. The bridal party at the head table consisted of Stephen, the bride and groom and their respective parents as well as Bryan and Evelyn. It was a festive atmosphere full of light-hearted fun. After several hours, the women came for the bride to prepare her for her wedding night and a short time later, they returned to the hall to tell Cedric that his bride awaited him. All the revelers laughed and cheered as Cedric bolted up the stairs to his waiting bride. Long after the guests had departed, Stephen sat before the fire in the hall with Bryan, nursing a glass of wine. 
“Have you given any thought to our suggestion?” Bryan asked broaching the sensitive subject for the first time since he and his wife had arrived.
“I have thought about it, I just haven’t made a decision.” Stephen replied still staring at the fire.
“May I ask why you hesitate?” Bryan asked.
Stephen sighed deeply before answering, “I just don’t like the idea of an arranged marriage.”
“Would it help if you came and spent some time with us, got to know her a little before you make up your mind?” Bryan asked.
“I don’t see how it would matter. I would still know the ultimate outcome.” Stephen said turning to stare back into the fire.
Both men were silent for a moment before they sensed the presence of another in their midst. Stephen and Bryan both turned in surprise as Stephen’s mother stepped out of the shadows and approached the men before the fire. She stopped next to Stephen’s chair and stared down at him.
Bryan was shocked by the change in her appearance. In the months since her husband had died, she had shriveled in size and her hair had turned prematurely grey. She was wasting away, a mere husk of what she had been before.
“You will marry by this time next year, no matter who the young lady is.” She stated in a commanding tone before turning on her heel and heading back across the hall. 
They watched her retreat in stunned silence until she had climbed the stairs and disappeared out of sight on the balcony. After she was lost from their sight, both men turned back to the fire and were silent for a long time. "I know it's not what you want Stephen, but it makes sense."
"One heart, one people, one destiny?" Stephen asked.
"Exactly."
“I’ll come to court for the winter festival next month.” Stephen finally said. “You can announce the betrothal then.” He said with a sigh of resignation before rising from his chair and quickly exiting the hall as Bryan stared after him in stunned silence.

Chapter 9
The next few weeks were nearly unbearable for Stephen as he wavered between going through with the engagement and ignoring everyone else and waiting to choose his own bride. His heart was torn between his love for his new friends and their obvious concern for his well-being, his mother’s desire for him to wed and his own wish to choose his own bride. Her command to him that night was the most she had spoken at one time since his father’s death and Stephen knew that it meant that his marriage was important to her. Still, he couldn’t help but be angry that everyone was forcing his hand. Over the next few weeks, Cedric and Alana learned to avoid Stephen and his volatile moods. Finally, when Cedric couldn’t take the loss of his friend any longer, he cornered Stephen in the hall after the evening meal.
“Stephen, we need to talk.” Cedric demanded. Stephen turned from where he was standing before the fire and raised an eyebrow at Cedric with a questioning look at his tone. “You can’t go on like this.” Cedric said, softening his tone respectfully. “You’re tearing yourself apart.”
Stephen turned back toward the fire before answering. “And what exactly do you suggest I do about it?” he asked sarcastically.
“Go to the winter festival, meet Lady Tiernan, and give her a chance. If, after meeting her, you still can’t stand the thought of marrying her, then talk it over with Evelyn and Bryan. They really want only the best for you.” Cedric reasoned.
“And my mother, what should I do about her?” Stephen asked, turning back to his friend.
“Frankly? Ignore her.” Cedric stated emphatically. “She has shut herself off from you and left you to learn your role and run the castle alone. In my opinion you owe her nothing.”
Stephen studied his friend carefully before turning his attention back to the flames in front of him. “Prepare the guard.” He finally said. “I leave for the royal court in Cathal tomorrow morning.”
The journey to the royal city did not take long enough in Stephen’s opinion. Despite the poor weather, Stephen and his men crossed the eastern bridge over the river between Larcond and the royal province of Cathal in only three days’ time. Just a day later, Stephen rode across the bridge into the royal city. In his present mood, the grandeur of the city before him held no appeal and he moved quickly through the streets, ignoring the throngs of people lining the roads eager to catch a glimpse of the young Duke.
Stephen and his guards passed through the palace gates to the sound of trumpets announcing his arrival. He rode straight up to the entrance and leapt off his horse. After tossing his reins to one of his knights, Stephen strode up the steps and through the main entrance as two palace guards swept the doors open in front of him. As soon as he arrived, the castle steward immediately assigned him to a suite of rooms on the second floor reserved for only the highest-ranking nobles. As the third highest noble in the land, Stephen commanded respect everywhere he went. He had an audience scheduled before the king early in the afternoon and he retired to his quarters to freshen up from his journey and to await the king’s summons.
Shortly before the appointed time for his scheduled audience with the king, a servant arrived to escort Stephen to the throne room. Stephen paused outside the door as his arrival was announced before he entered the throne room through the wide double doors and headed straight for the raised dais and the royal thrones. King Maddox of Aengus and his wife Queen Leahnia were seated at the opposite end of the hall and the walls were lined with lesser nobles seeking the king’s favor, or in attendance for the winter festivities. Stephen bowed low before the King when he reached the dais. “Stephen Duchanne, the Duke of Larcond, at Your Royal Majesty’s service,” he said respectfully.
“It is an honor to finally have you at court.” King Maddox replied gesturing for Stephen to rise.
Stephen rose to his feet before saying, “I apologize for my tardiness, Your Majesty. It took some time for me to settle into my new role.”
“Perfectly understandable, it hasn’t been that long since I took over the throne myself.” Maddox said with a smile. “I hope that you plan to stay for the winter festivities?” He asked.
“It would be my pleasure.”
“Then welcome to court.” He said spreading his hands wide before him and officially welcoming Stephen to court.
“I wish our son was here to greet you,” Queen Leahnia added, “but he is in Ionia on an official tour of the kingdom for his eighteenth birthday.”
“I had heard that, Your Majesty.” Stephen replied. “Perhaps my next visit will be more fortuitous.”
“Yes, certainly.” The Queen replied with a gracious smile.
The Duke of Cathal, Sloan Raighne, bounded down the steps from where he had been standing beside the king, eager to greet Stephen. “It is so good to see you again, Stephen. I am so sorry for your loss. Your father was a treasured friend.” He said as he shook Stephen’s hand. 
“He considered you the same, Your Grace.”
“You remember my son, Lord Malcom?” Sloan said, gesturing to the younger man, near Stephen’s age, who had just joined them.
“What’s it been, three years?” Stephen asked, shaking the younger man’s hand as well.
“Almost to the day, far too long in my opinion,” Malcolm replied warmly.
Stephen spent the next hour engaged in a pleasant conversation with the Duke and his son. He felt a natural kinship with Malcom as he was only two years older than Malcolm and they had trained together for several years during Stephen’s time under Malcolm’s father. Malcolm had grown up in court and was friends with Prince Orin. The two regularly trained together, although Prince Orin could not compete in the games by royal decree. 
Several of the lesser lords came over to meet Stephen and he quickly realized that they had a dual purpose for introducing themselves. They all wanted to meet the new Duke of Larcond, but they also wanted to know if he planned to stay for the festivities. Malcolm whispered to Stephen that he needed to be careful; all of them had daughters of marriageable age. This news reminded Stephen of the real reason for his visit to court and he grew quieter as the day wore on. Stephen finally excused himself after promising to attend the banquet and dance that evening. He would have no problem attending, he had learned earlier in the day that Bryan and Evelyn would not return from an errand for the King until tomorrow.
Stephen was seated at the royal table next to Queen Leahnia on the right side of the King for the banquet. The Duke of Cathal and his family sat to the King’s left. It was a sumptuous meal with several groups of minstrels playing and jugglers performing feats in the open spaces between the tables. Leahnia was a pleasant woman and Stephen found that he enjoyed her conversation more than he had planned. She was intelligent and quick to laugh, and Stephen found her sense of humor so appealing that he was sad when the actual banquet ended, and the servants began clearing out the tables for the dancing to follow. He watched as the nobles and ladies began dancing around the hall. 
“Do you not dance, Stephen?” Leahnia asked.
“Not unless I must, Your Highness.” Stephen replied with mock sincerity.
“Perhaps if I command you to dance?” She asked with a smile and a nod of her head to the floor.
“Then I will be forced to do Your Majesty’s bidding.” Stephen said as he rose and bowed before her. “If you will excuse me?” He asked.
“Please, enjoy yourself.” She said with laugh, happy that she had been able to influence him so easily.
Stephen strolled around the dancers for a while until the song ended and he could step into place for the next dance. His first partner was a plump, middle-aged woman who simpered when she smiled. Stephen sighed, prepared to endure the evening for the sake of the Queen if for no other reason. At the next turn, he changed partners and found himself dancing with a young woman of decent looks and a pretty smile. She danced well, and Stephen almost regretted it when the next switch came. After several more turns and an equal number of partners, the dance ended, and Stephen bowed before his last partner as she curtsied to him. After only a few moments, another dance began, and Stephen took the hand of another young lady and spun her across the dance floor. In this dance, Stephen would change partners several times but would return to each one at least twice throughout the dance. After his first partner, Stephen found himself dancing again with the middle-aged woman.
At the next turn, Stephen felt a small and delicate hand placed in his just before he turned to face his third partner. Their eyes locked and Stephen was instantly enchanted. She was the most beautiful young woman Stephen had ever seen. His tall height dwarfed her slight frame and he found himself staring down into her mesmerizing blue eyes. Her deep blue gown was interlaced with silver threads and a delicate silver chain swung around her hips as she moved. Her long, blond hair hung to her waist in flowing curls which bounced as she danced.
There was something deeply familiar about her that Stephen couldn’t quite place and he struggled to remember where he might have met her before. They both paused and stared at each other before another couple twirled into Stephen’s back. The angel standing before him laughed softly as they took up the intricate steps again. Stephen hated letting go of her hand as she spun away with her next partner and Stephen faced his. He had trouble keeping up with the steps because he was trying so hard to catch another glimpse of her. Soon, he had passed through enough partners that she again joined hands with his for another turn. She smiled up at him with a shy smile and Stephen returned her smile with a charming, slow grin of his own. Too soon, she spun out of his grasp again as the dance entered the last leg. 
Stephen strained his neck to see over the crowd as soon as the dance ended, but he could not find her. Too late, he realized that he had not stepped off the dance floor and he found himself swept up into another dance and he struggled through the dance as he searched the crowded hall for the young woman. Finally, he spotted her on the arm of a young man who looked close to her age. The two exited the hall through the main doors and he lost sight of her again and Stephen desperately hoped that the man was not a suitor and that he could find her again.  After the dance ended, he headed out of the hall in the direction he had seen the pair take, but he was unable to find them.
Stephen did not return to the hall, but instead retired to his suite to contemplate the night’s events. He had never felt so strongly about anyone before in his life. He couldn’t explain it, but there was something about her which captivated him. Eventually, he fell asleep dreaming of blue eyes and flowing blond hair. He had often wondered how Cedric had become so enchanted with Alana so quickly, but now he understood.
The next afternoon, Stephen summoned his guards and had his horse readied for the short journey to the Tiernan manor house on the northern outskirts of the city. It was a dreary day, which matched Stephen’s mood. There was to be another dance tonight at the castle, but Stephen would have to miss another chance to see the girl from the night before because of his earlier promise to have dinner with Bryan and Evelyn. Tonight, he would meet the young Lady Tiernan for the first time, but Stephen had even greater misgivings after his encounter with the beautiful blond at the dance. He didn’t know how he was going to explain it to his friends, but there was no way he could agree to marry their daughter until he had found out more about the mysterious young woman.
Soon after leaving the castle, Stephen’s guards halted before a large manor house just off the main thoroughfare. It was an immense three-story structure, not nearly as old as Stephen’s home, but old enough to possess a feeling of permanence. Stephen dismounted and left his horse with his guards just as a servant opened the door and bowed to Stephen before ushering him inside and into a small study off the main hall. Bryan looked up from some papers he was working on at the large oak desk when they entered. The servant did not have time to announce Stephen before Bryan bounded out of his chair and strode over to greet Stephen with a warm hug and a slap on the back.
“Stephen! I am so glad to see that you made it safely here.” He boomed.
“Not nearly as glad as I am to see you again my friend.”
“Come have seat.” Bryan said, gesturing to the chairs in front of the fire next to the desk. Stephen followed him and took his seat. “How have you been?” 
“I’ve been well.” Stephen said. “And you? How are you and Evelyn, have you been well?”
“Yes, a little tired perhaps after all the traveling, but well.” Bryan said. He watched Stephen closely, but Stephen looked away under his intense scrutiny. “Do you want to tell me what’s bothering you?”
“I can’t agree to marry your daughter.” Stephen said on a sigh.
Bryan sat back heavily into his chair. “I figured it was something like that.” He said softly. “Do you want to tell me why, when you have yet to even meet her?”
“You’re not going to believe this, but I came fully intending to meet your daughter and give this a chance, but then I met someone at the dance last night and, well, I can’t explain what happened.” Stephen replied with a shrug.
“Are you saying that after meeting this girl last night you have fallen in love?” Bryan asked incredulously.
“Well, I don’t know about love.” Stephen hedged. “But I am definitely intrigued.”
“And you feel so strongly about her that you cannot in good conscience commit to marry another is that it?” Bryan asked just as a servant entered to announce that Evelyn was waiting in the dining hall for them.
“Yes, I am afraid that is exactly it.” Stephen said softly.
“Well,” Bryan said while rising from his chair. “Let’s not tell Evelyn tonight. She really had her heart set on the match, but if this other girl turns out to be the one for you; you know that I will support you.” He said sincerely. Stephen nodded his head and rose to exit the room with Bryan. He followed him down the main hall but stopped short of entering the dining room when Bryan paused and turned back to him. “Just so you are aware, Evelyn and I chose not to tell our daughter of our plans for the two of you. I would appreciate it if you didn’t mention it either.” Stephen nodded, and Bryan pushed open the door and stepped back for Stephen to enter the room. He immediately spotted Evelyn speaking to a servant near the table. She turned and smiled radiantly at Stephen. “Stephen, it is so good to see you.” She said warmly as she walked over and extended her hands to him.
Stephen clasped both of her hands in his and squeezed while saying, “I am pleased that I could come to your home.”
“I am sorry that we could not be here when you arrived, but I hope you have enjoyed yourself in our absence.” Evelyn replied. Bryan coughed to smother a laugh and Evelyn glanced over at him with a curious expression.
“Yes, um, I have had a wonderful time.” Stephen said carefully.  Stephen was spared further comment by the sound of soft steps entering the room behind him. He turned to see who had arrived and suddenly froze, unable to believe his eyes. There in front of him was a vision of perfection. The very young woman he danced with the night before stopped just a few feet away and stared back at him, equally stunned at the sight of him as he was at the sight of her.
“Your Grace, may I present our daughter, Lady Moira.” Bryan said.
Stephen quickly stepped forward and captured her hand. “It is a pleasure to finally know your name, Lady Moira.” Stephen said as he raised her hand to his lips for a kiss.
Moira blushed and said, “I had hoped to meet you again, Your Grace.”
“When did you two meet?” Evelyn asked, confused.
“We met last night at the castle.” Stephen said, glancing over at Bryan with a significant look. Bryan looked puzzled for only a moment before comprehension dawned and he understood the significance of Stephen’s words. Then he smiled broadly at Stephen to let him know he had realized the identity of the young woman at the ball.
Evelyn looked over at Bryan with a questioning gaze, but he shook his head as if to say, ‘not now’ and she shrugged her shoulders. Just then their other two sons came strolling into the room, laughing about some event that had happened at court that day. The younger son had a tear in his trousers and a smudge of dirt over his left eye. Both boys stopped up short when they saw Stephen.
“Isn’t that him?” The younger one leaned over and whispered to his older brother whom Stephen recognized as Moira’s escort the previous evening, to his great relief.
The older brother elbowed his younger brother in the ribs before striding forward and bowing before Stephen. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. I am Trevor, oldest son of Lord and Lady Tiernan. And this little scamp,” he said gesturing toward his brother, “is my younger brother Owen.”
“We’ve been very excited to meet you, Your Grace.” Owen added after scurrying up next to his brother.
“And I have heard a great many things about both of you from your parents.” Stephen replied.
“Oh, no,” Owen said dejectedly as everyone laughed.
“Shall we eat?” Evelyn said after a moment, clearly embarrassed over her youngest son’s appearance.
Stephen was reluctant to let go of Moira’s hand, and she seemed just as eager to keep her hand in his, so he laced her hand under his arm and escorted her to a seat at the table where he took his place beside her. Bryan and Evelyn chose seats opposite them at the table and the boys sat to their side. The servants quickly served dinner and they all commenced eating, although later both Stephen and Moira would be unable to recall a single dish served during the meal. The two conversed quietly throughout the meal while Bryan and Evelyn looked on. The boys quickly lost interest and rushed through their meal before asking their parents to be excused from the table, but neither Stephen nor Moira noticed their departure. Both felt that it was if they had known each other forever. They lingered at the table long after the meal, their heads leaning so close to each other in their whispered conversation that they were nearly touching. Stephen wanted to scream in protest when Evelyn rose from the table and declared that it was time for the ladies to retire. Moira looked equally devastated until Stephen clasped her hand and asked if she would go riding with him in the morning. She quickly assented and followed her mother from the room.
The next morning, Stephen arrived just after the morning meal to escort Moira on a ride and her twin brother was coming along to provide a chaperone for proprieties sake. The threesome left the manor and headed toward the bridge along the river that served as the city of Cathal’s far eastern edge. Stephen’s guards cleared a path in front of them and they made good time through the city and were out on the surrounding plain in no time. As they galloped along, the wind rose up, although not at Stephen’s hand, and he could hear Moira’s musical laugh as she dropped the reins and let the horse run free while she spread her arms wide and threw her head back in the wind. She was an incredible rider Stephen realized. After a while, the three drew in the reins and pulled to a stop near a small stream.
“Doesn’t the wind make you feel like you are flying?” Moira asked, turning to face Stephen.
Stephen couldn’t find words to speak. The wind had blown her hair into a riot of curls around her head. Her cheeks were rosy from the wind and the excitement of the ride made her eyes shine with her pleasure. Her smile captivated him to the point that he found it hard to breathe. He didn’t realize that he hadn’t responded until her smile faded a bit and she looked at him with a puzzled expression.
“I’m sorry.” He apologized. “I was lost in thought for a moment. I thought I was the only one who felt that way about the wind.” Stephen replied honestly.
Moira’s laughter once again filled the air, as if a hundred bells had all jingled all at once. “I have always loved the feel and sound of the wind.” She said while patting her horse’s neck.
“You’re crazy about the wind.” Trevor said, teasing his sister as she glared over at him. “You can sit for hours with your face into the wind as if being caressed by your lover’s hand.”
“And what a lucky hand it would be.” Stephen replied softly making Moira blush furiously.
The threesome took up their ride again after a short time. It was a pleasant morning and Stephen found that he liked Moira’s brother. The two siblings teased each other ceaselessly, but clearly enjoyed each other’s company. They created a light-hearted and warm atmosphere that Stephen had never experienced before. As an only child, and the son of a Duke, Stephen had spent his entire life in the company of adults. During his training n Cathal, he had become friends with Malcolm, but it was nothing like the closeness of a sibling. It didn’t help that Malcolm was to years younger than him as well. Until his recent friendship with Cedric, Stephen had not known of the light banter and fun to be had from a near constant companion. 
Trevor, it seemed, had fallen for one of the young ladies at court and Moira teased him mercilessly about how he had blushed like a girl and stumbled through the steps of the dance when he was with her. His version of the events of the evening left Stephen in stitches. It was hysterical, but Stephen almost felt the need to commiserate with him as he remembered his own reaction to his first dance with Moira only two days before.
“Do you think she noticed?” Trevor asked with a worry.
“She noticed.” Moira said while rolling her eyes.
“Oh, dear,” Trevor said with a crestfallen expression. “Now she’ll think I’m a clumsy oaf,” he lamented. This time, both Stephen and Moira laughed so hard their cheeks hurt. Trevor eventually joined in their laughter realizing how funny his own behavior seemed.
Stephen spent most of the next week in the company of Moira and her brother. He occasionally saw Owen as well, but he always seemed to be involved in some mischief or other and Stephen never saw him without a smudge of dirt or a tear in his clothing. Stephen secretly thought that he was an adorable child despite the headaches he must cause his parents.
The three rode nearly every day, except for one that was especially cold. On that day, they sat in the manor’s parlor before the fire telling stories of each other’s childhood. Stephen couldn’t believe the messes the pair had gotten themselves into. He laughed so hard he choked on his wine when they told him about the time they had decided to play “tournament” when they were only five.
“It was all Moira’s fault, she always cried if she didn’t get her way.” Trevor complained, placing all the blame at her feet.
“I only cried with you because it worked so well.” Moira responded prettily.
“So, what happened?”
“Well, we decided to pretend to be a knight and his lady fair at a tournament, only Moira threw a fit until I let her be the knight.” Trevor began while a smile started to play around Stephen’s mouth as he began to picture the scene.
“So here we were, all dressed up. Moira barely able to walk under the weight of father’s chain mail and me all trussed up in lace and silk complete with the conical hat and veil.” Trevor continued. “What we didn’t know was that father had invited the Duke of Cathal over to the house and he wanted him to meet us.”
“Oh no,” Stephen laughed as Moira began to giggle at the memory.
“Oh, yes.” Trevor replied. Here comes father up to the nursery with the Duke of Cathal, only to find his son dressed as a girl and his daughter dressed in his own chainmail. I thought he was going to fall over dead on the spot.”
“Yes, but you pulled off a very lovely curtsey before you tripped on the hem of the dress.” Moira added with mock sincerity.
“Oh, but that was nothing compared to the stately bow you bestowed upon the Duke before falling over onto your face from the weight of the chainmail.” Trevor countered.
“And what did the Duke say?” Stephen asked when he stopped laughing.
“After he picked me up and dried off my tears, he asked if he could join us.” Moira replied. “He even put on a lady’s hat himself and asked if he could bestow a favor upon his favorite knight.”
“Even father got over his shock and sat down to play. As I recall they both stayed up in the nursery with us for the rest of the afternoon, talking politics while playing like two children themselves.” Trevor laughed.
“They became fast friends that day.” Moira added. “He is like a second father to us now.”
“Lord Malcolm has grown up with us. He is only a few months younger than you are I believe. Sometimes I think father wishes he would marry Moira. He really wants to unite our families.” Trevor said, not noticing the sudden discomfort on Stephen’s face.
Stephen was surprised by the feeling of jealousy that ripped through him at the thought of Moira married to Malcolm, or anyone else for that matter. The realization of what that implied for Stephen startled him. It took great effort for him to push it aside and concentrate on the rest of their conversation.

Chapter 10
At the end of Stephen’s first week at court, the King held another banquet and Stephen had the privilege of escorting Moira. Stephen met the Tiernan’s up on the royal platform as he took his seat to the right of the Queen. Moira sat on his right with her parents to her other side. Sloan and his wife sat on the King’s left with Malcolm and the young woman he was escorting that evening on their other side. It was a pleasant meal full of laughter and amusing conversation. Leahnia clearly liked Moira and dropped a not so subtle hint that Stephen and Moira made an attractive couple. After the meal, conversation continued at the table until the tables had been cleared away and the minstrels struck up music for the first dance. Before Stephen had a chance to ask Moira to dance, a young lord from the province of Gorsedd approached the table and asked her first. She blushed and looked over at Stephen with an apologetic look but accepted the lord’s offer and rose from her place. Stephen sat and watched as she walked away, filled with intense jealousy.
“That was very disappointing.” Leahnia said with a laugh that belied her words. She was clearly enjoying the little shake-up and waiting to see what Stephen would do.
“It wasn’t exactly how I expected the evening to go, either.” Stephen replied.
“Then why did you allow it?”
“I’m not sure what you mean.” Stephen stammered, puzzled by her question.
“You are a Duke are you not?” Leahnia asked with a tilt of her head toward the floor.
Stephen continued to look puzzled for a moment before her meaning dawned on him, then he grinned and rose from his chair offering her a bow before striding down onto the dance floor. He approached Moira and the young lord and waited for the short pause between dances. As soon as the music stopped, Stephen tapped the man on the shoulder. “Excuse me, but I believe the young lady is with me.” He said in his most authoritative tone.
“Yes, well, of course, Your Grace.” The young man stammered as he bowed and took his leave.
“That was nicely done.” Moira laughed as the music started up and the next dance began.
Stephen and Moira danced for hours that evening, although Stephen had to use his rank to run off more than one potential suitor. The only one he was forced to allow was the King himself, but it didn’t matter. While Moira danced with Maddox, Stephen enjoyed a pleasant dance with Leahnia.
“I see you took my hint to heart and have learned a powerful lesson this evening.” The Queen stated with a sparkle in her eye.
“And what lesson might that be?” Stephen asked innocently.
“That power and rank does have its privileges.” She laughed as Stephen grinned mischievously.
Over the next month, Stephen escorted Moira to every court event and spent the rest of his time at the manor house. On several occasions, Bryan and Evelyn managed to introduce Stephen to elementals traveling to the royal city for business or the winter festivities. They were all surprised to hear that he had uncovered six new elementals in the last month. Stephen was disappointed to hear of the death of the oldest light in the kingdom when Quinn stopped by the manor house one afternoon to give report on his recent journeys, but there was even worse news.
“The child was only eleven.” Quinn told them as he related an event from his travels.
“How was she discovered?” Stephen asked?
“She was out shopping with her mother and had moved a few stalls away to look at some ribbons when a barrel fell off cart being unloaded at the tavern. The sound startled the horse pulling the cart and it bolted. She turned in time to jump out of the way, but the fright triggered her power. The horse and cart burst into flame before the entire town.” Quinn sighed, “Unfortunately, there had been a similar emergence a few years before in the same town. It was the girl’s uncle, so she was automatically suspected.”
“What did they do?” Bryon asked.
“It was quick. Many villagers began shouting ‘witch’ and several tried to detain her. More things started to catch fire, confirming their fears. One of the watchmen ran her through with his sword.” Quinn replied and they were all silent for a few minutes as they thought of the poor child.
“Isn’t it strange that we are suddenly seeing such a large rise in the number of elementals?” Evelyn mused aloud.
“How many do we normally see each year?”
“An average of six to ten in an entire year,” Quinn answered.
“And the total for this year?”
“Thirty-eight by my count,” Quinn replied.
A short time later, Quinn took his leave and Stephen found himself alone with Bryan for the first time since the first night in the manor as Evelyn walked Quinn out and set off to make sure all arrangements were in motion for the evening meal.
“You have certainly spent a great deal of time in my daughter’s company over the last month.” Bryan began.
“Yes, I have never met a more enchanting and intelligent woman in my life.” Stephen replied.
“I think it is safe to say that you no longer object to an arranged marriage between yourself and my daughter.” Bryan asked in a pointed manor.
“It would be the greatest honor of my life to marry your daughter.” Stephen said whole-heartedly.
“I honestly think that you may need to address that issue sooner rather than later.” Bryan said after a moment.
“Why the rush?”
“I have lost count of the number of requests for permission to court Moira I have received over the past month.” Bryan answered honestly, “but, I am the most concerned with the most recent request.”
“From whom?”
“Lord Chatham from Jostlen. He was not very pleased when I refused him. I’m afraid he threatened to go to the King and get his blessing.”
Stephen nodded in response, suddenly filled with anger that he could lose her before he had the chance to tell her how he felt. Lord Chatham was disgusting; he was older than Bryan and had already buried three wives. “I’ll take care of it.” Stephen said after a while. “Why don’t you come to my suite at the castle and enter the banquet as my official guests tomorrow night?” Stephen asked.
“Yes, of course.” Bryan answered in total agreement with the plan. He realized that Moira entering the banquet hall on Stephen’s arm as his official guest would send a signal throughout the entire court that Stephen had a direct interest in the young lady, but it might not be enough.
The next day passed interminably slow for Stephen he was so eager to see Moira again. However, it had been a productive day. Stephen had requested an audience with the King first thing in the morning and Maddox had made time to see him before noon. As soon as Stephen had explained the purpose of the meeting, the King had informed him that Lord Chatham had already been to see him the day before. He was petrified that Maddox had already agreed to Chatham’s suit, but was relieved to hear that he had not yet rendered his decision.  Without a moment’s hesitation, the King agreed to Stephen’s request for Moira’s hand. After learning that Stephen needed to depart for Larcond within the week and that the wedding would take place there, he had also ordered a formal betrothal ceremony to take place at the palace before Stephen’s departure.
By the time the banquet arrived he was so nervous he felt like his whole body was shaking. Finally, a servant arrived at his suite to inform him that his guests had arrived. He told the servant to let them in and then turned eagerly to await them. Bryan and Evelyn entered first, and Stephen’s heart almost skipped a beat before he saw Moira behind them. He rushed forward and stood before her, suddenly tongue-tied. She stared back at him, color rising to her cheeks under his intense stare.
“How are you this evening Lady Moira?” He finally asked.
“I am well, and you, Your Grace?”
“Perfect now that you are here.” Stephen replied honestly, enchanted by the deepening of her blush at his words. “I’m sorry.” Stephen said suddenly remembering that he and Moira were not alone. “And how are both of you this evening?” He said, turning to Evelyn and Bryan.
“We are well.” Bryan replied.
“Isn’t it nearly time for the banquet to begin?” Evelyn asked.
“Yes. We should be leaving.” Stephen said as he turned and offered Moira his arm. Together the two couples left his suite and headed for the hall. The banquet hall held even more people than the previous ones. Stephen knew that he was partially to blame. Several nobles with daughters of marriageable age had rushed to court upon hearing of Stephen’s arrival for the winter festivities and had remained after they ended last week. Silence filled the hall when Stephen entered with Moira on his arm and the Tiernan’s behind him. Most of the fathers were disappointed to see such a beautiful young woman at his side and were further discouraged to learn that she was the daughter of such a highly placed noble family. He also noticed that Lord Chatham left shortly after they arrived.
Stephen danced every dance with Moira despite the efforts of several noblemen trying to sway him by practically throwing their daughters at him. Unfortunately, word of the King’s decision had not yet circulated among the court and there were still just as many men seeking dances with Moira. Finally, Stephen escorted Moira out into the inner courtyard to walk among the frozen gardens and stone statues. The crisp, cool winter air felt good against their skin after the heat building inside the hall from the crowds and the exertion of dancing. After the spectacle put on this evening, Stephen realized that the sooner he settled the matter of the betrothal the better.
“Moira.” He began, pulling her to a stop alongside him and staring down into her eyes. “Have your parents perhaps told you why I came to court?”
“No, I don’t believe they mentioned it. I assumed you came for the festival.” Moira said, staring back up at him, her eyes filled with sudden confusion.
“I came to meet you.” Stephen said softly, reaching up to caress her cheek. “Your parents felt that we could have a happy life together.” Stephen explained.
“I don’t think I understand.” Moira whispered, searching his eyes.
“They want us to marry.”
“Oh.” Moira said softly, tears springing into her eyes.
“Don’t cry sweetheart.”
“So, all of this has just been some sort of game?” She asked, jerking her head away from his hand.
“All of what?”
“This, this, courtship, or whatever you want to call it?”
“No, never that,” He whispered.  “I fell in love with you as soon as I met you.” Stephen said, grasping her face between both of his hands and wiping the tears from her cheeks with his thumbs.
Moira jerked her face free. “How very convenient for you,” she sobbed. “I’m so sorry to disappoint all of you,” she said as she turned and ran from the courtyard.
“Moira, wait,” Stephen hollered after her, but she didn’t stop. Stephen couldn’t believe he messed things up so badly. When he returned to the hall the Tiernan’s had already left. Stephen lay awake that night debating what to do and finally decided that he could not have been wrong about her feelings for him.
“How could you?” Moira demanded of her father as they stood in his study after they returned from the palace that night.
“I don’t understand why you so angry, Moira,” Bryan said, trying to reason with his daughter. “From what I could see, you like Stephen very much, in fact, if I had to guess I would say that you love him.”
“Can’t you see?” Moira raged, “it doesn’t matter how I feel. Obviously, he is not the man I thought he was.”
“Why, because I asked him not to tell you what your mother and I wanted?”
Moira was momentarily taken back, “Then I guess he disappointed us both.” She whispered as she fled the room.
Stephen arrived at the Tiernan manor first thing in the morning and Bryan ushered him into the study. “I think I’ve handled things badly,”
“She’s pretty angry,” Bryan agreed.
“I don’t know what to do,” Stephen said desperately as he sat down and ran his fingers through his hair. “I love her so much I can’t imagine life without her now.”
“Stephen,” Bryan said gently, “she loves you too. Give her time and I’m sure she’ll come around.”
Stephen looked up at Bryan sadly, “I’m afraid we don’t have time.”
“Why? What’s happened,” Bryan asked with concern.
“When I asked for the King’s blessing, he gave it, but he also commanded that we hold a formal betrothal ceremony at the palace this week.” Stephen paused as if he needed to collect himself before continuing, “I was informed before I left this morning that the King wants the ceremony held tomorrow.”
“What!”
“He thought it would help settle matters more firmly with Lord Chatham, who had already seen him and requested her hand in marriage I might add.”
“So, I am to have no say in my future,” Moira said softly from the doorway where she had been listening for the past few minutes. Both men looked up, startled by her sudden appearance. Stephen quickly took to his feet, appalled by how pale she looked and feeling responsible. “Either I marry a man with whom my entire experience has been built on a lie, or I risk marrying a lecherous old man.”
“Moira,” he began, but she cut him off.
“Stop,” she commanded forcefully. “There is nothing you can possibly have to say that I would want to hear right now.”
“Moira, please, listen to him,” Bryan pleaded.
Moira looked over at her father sadly, “don’t worry, father. I won’t embarrass you before our King.” She turned and looked at Stephen, her anger obvious, “I guess you’re going to get want you want. I hope you’ll be very happy,” she added scathingly before she turned and fled back upstairs to her chamber.
Stephen left the Tiernan Manor not long after, depressed beyond belief and worried that he had destroyed any possibility of happiness for either of them in the future. He remembered how he had balked at the idea of an arranged marriage and he could only imagine her pain. Bryan had assured him that they would bring Moira to the palace in time for the ceremony in the morning and Stephen had agreed that it was best if he gave her some space until then.
“I thought I might find you here,” Evelyn called softly to her daughter. Moira was sitting quietly in the library, one of her favorite rooms since childhood, but unlike normal she wasn’t reading.
Moira looked up at her mother, startled by her sudden arrival, “I wanted to be alone.”
“I know.”
“Yet, you decided to disturb me anyway,” she said testily. “I suppose I should get used to everyone else deciding my fate, but I’m just not ready.”
“Your father and I thought the two of you were perfectly matched from the moment we met him.”
“Well I’m glad this has worked out so well for you.”
“Stop it,” Evelyn said angrily. “Stephen isn’t to blame for this, if you would just be reasonable you would see what we all see.”
“And that is?”
“That he loves you. He is broken up over all of this.”
Moira felt a moment’s guilt, but she quickly brushed it away, “I’m so very sorry for him. I sure it’s horrible for him to find out he’s being forced to marry me.” She answered sarcastically.
Evelyn studied her daughter before speaking, “as a matter of fact, he was just as angry as you when we suggested that he marry you.” Moira looked over at her mother in surprise. “In fact, as soon as we returned to town after he arrived, he told your father that there was no way, in good conscious, that he could possibly marry you.”
“Why?” Moira asked, suddenly curious to hear what his objection to the match had been.
“He had met someone, and he felt that his feelings for her were too strong to be ignored.” Evelyn began intending to tell Moira that she was the young lady he had met, but she paused when she saw the look in her daughter’s eyes. There was an unmistakable expression of jealousy written across Moira’s face, and Evelyn decided that jealousy was better than hatred at that moment, so she closed her mouth and kept the rest to herself.
“Then why did he suddenly decide to go through with it?” Moira snapped.
“Perhaps you should ask him,” Evelyn wisely retorted, one eyebrow raised in challenge, before she turned on her heel and left the room.
The next morning, it was a tense group who left the manor for the palace. The entire Tiernan family was in attendance, but no one spoke. The boys both sensed that there was something seriously wrong and Moira stubbornly refused to speak to her father, in the mistaken belief that he was the one responsible for the situation. Evelyn chose not to talk to her daughter and instead studied her. She could tell that their conversation from the day before was weighing heavily on her and she hoped that it would eventually have a good result. Stephen had sent word that morning that he wanted some time alone with Moira after the ceremony, but that he would be leaving for Larcond immediately after. He felt that it was best to give her some space. Moira didn’t know it yet, but the wedding was set for the last week of March, a week before the Larcond fair in April.
Stephen was waiting for them in the chapel as were most of the high members of the Royal Court. It was a brief service, conducted by the highest priest in the land and their coming marriage was officially blessed by the King at the end. Arranged marriages were common among the members of court and none were surprised by the obvious tension between the couple. As soon as the ceremony was over, Stephen ushered Moira down the aisle and out into the hall. She expected him to stop and release her there, but he didn’t. He continued to lead her down the hall and then across the palace to his personal suite. 
Moira stopped in the center of the room and waited, without turning until she heard the door shut behind her. She waited for another moment, but when nothing happened, she finally turned around. Stephen was leaning against the door and staring at her, his expression carefully guarded. Her traitorous heart betrayed her, and she thought about how handsome he was, and how tired he looked. Quickly, she looked away, unwilling to face her own feelings.
“I asked your father if I could speak to you before I left.”
“You’re leaving?” Moira asked as she turned to look at him again this time in surprise.
“Within the hour.”
“When will you return?” She could have kicked herself, she sounded like a lovelorn girl being abandoned by the man of her dreams. She refused to examine how close that was to how she really felt about the news.
“I have business in Larcond until at least the Royal Tournament in June.”
Six months. She couldn’t believe that he would be gone for so long. Finally, she nodded her head, “Alright, I suppose I will see you then.”
Stephen pushed himself off the door and walked toward her. She wanted to back up, but she held her position and bravely looked him in the eye. “Do you really think I would wait that long?” He asked huskily.
“I wouldn’t begin to presume to know what you think,” she stammered.
“You’ll be coming to join me in Larcond in March.” He had decided that, no matter what, he was going through with the wedding. If she truly loved him, as he suspected she did, then eventually she would get over it, but he refused to lose her in the interim. He stopped just a foot away from her and stared down at her. Her face flamed red as he watched.
“Why do you want to marry me?” Moira suddenly blurted out, unable to refrain from asking.
“Because I love you,” Stephen answered simply.
Moira thought of the one thing that had occupied her mind all night, “then why did you tell my father that there was someone else and that you couldn’t possibly marry me?” Stephen was silent as she looked up at him challengingly. He was momentarily confused. He tried to remember ever telling her father that, but then he suddenly remembered. However, he wasn’t given a chance to answer before she spoke again. “What happened; is she already married to someone else?”
Stephen smiled wryly, “as a matter of fact, she is betrothed.”
“I’m so sorry for you,” Moira hissed jealously as she looked away again, but he caught her chin and forced her to look back up at him.
“She’s betrothed to me,” Stephen said softly. He saw that she didn’t understand and continued hurriedly, “that night we first danced together, I had no idea who you were, but you captured my heart in an instant. The next night, when I came to have dinner with your family, I told your father that I had met someone and that I couldn’t possibly marry you.” Stephen paused for a second as he studied her startled expression. “It wasn’t until you came into the dining room later that evening that I realized that the woman who had captivated me so was you.”
“Oh,” Moira said softly as she stared up at him. There wasn’t another woman, why hadn’t her mother told her that?
Stephen stared down at the face he loved. He knew that she was still thinking about what he had said and was totally unprepared for what he planned, but he moved ahead anyway. Before she could react, Stephen pulled her into his arms and lowered his mouth to hers. He kissed her with all the love and passion he felt for her. At first, she went stiff in his arms, but he could feel her begin to relax as her lips softened against his own and she began to respond. His desire exploded and he struggled to control it, finally, he pulled back and stood there staring at her as he tried to catch his breath. Moira was clearly startled by what had happened and she struggled with her own feelings as he watched her. After a minute, Stephen turned to leave, but he stopped just before he opened the door and spoke without turning to look at her. “Moira, do me a favor.”
She couldn’t believe he would ask her for more, she thought as she quickly recovered herself after his kiss. “Certainly, Your Grace. What else may I do for you?” she asked sarcastically.
Stephen smiled. He loved her spirit, even when her anger was directed at him. “The vows we took before the King today are as binding as the marriage vows themselves.”
“I’m aware of that,” she said angrily, wondering why he had chosen that moment to remind her of it.
Stephen sighed, “between now and our wedding, try to remember that we are going to be together for the rest of our lives. Nothing can change that now.” He paused and turned to look straight at her, “decide how you want those years spent.” He said nothing more and simply left the room, shutting the door behind him. By the time Moira emerged from the suite he was nowhere in sight. She rushed toward the balcony on the opposite side of the palace over-looking the main courtyard and reached it just in time to see Stephen and his guard ride out through the main gate. Tears filled her eyes and spilled down her cheeks as she watched him leave.

Chapter 11
The trip back to Larcond was long and unpleasant. The weather did not cooperate with the weary travelers and they spent nearly every night shivering under their blankets despite the shelter of a tent. Stephen felt as dreary as the weather and was surprised that Moira had become such an important part of his life in such a short time. He found himself thinking of her and missing her nearly every minute of the day, despite her anger with him. It was nearly February and very late in the evening when they finally passed through the castle gate and into the familiar courtyard. Stephen couldn’t help but feel happy to be home, and as he dismounted, he saw Cedric come bounding down the stairs toward him.
“Stephen, welcome home.” He said as he approached and gave him a manly hug with lots of pats on the back.
“It was a long journey.” Stephen replied with a sigh.
“And I bet you are cold all the way to your bones.” Cedric said eying his friend intently. Stephen nodded wearily and the two turned and headed up the castle steps and through the main entrance. The warmth of the hall was like a sudden shock to Stephen’s system. He took off his cloak and shook out the snow by the door before heading over to the fireplace and holding his hands out toward the flames.  Cedric watched his friend for a moment before asking, “Any news from court?”
Stephen glanced over at his friend and a sudden smile played across his face. “I’m betrothed.” He said simply.
“Congratulations!” Cedric said in surprise, “and who is the lucky lady?”
“Lady Moira Tiernan.”
“You don’t seem as distressed about the possibility as you were when you left, but you don’t seem entirely pleased either.” Cedric stated cautiously.
Stephen chuckled before answering, “That’s because she is the most incredible woman I have ever met, unfortunately, she is as reluctant to have an arranged marriage as I was.”
“Will she get over it?”
“I certainly hope so,” Stephen said with a laugh.
Cedric plopped down into a chair and sighed deeply. “In that case, I can’t tell you how happy I am for you, my friend.” He said with a grin his relief apparent in his face.
Stephen nodded but didn’t comment, lost in thought again about his bride. Suddenly, he remembered that Cedric had a recent bride himself. “How is Alana?” He asked turning back to face his friend.
“With child.” Cedric said with a proud grin.
“What?” Stephen said, shocked to his core at this sudden turn of events.
“Yes. The midwife confirmed it just this morning. We expect that the baby will arrive sometime late in the summer.” Cedric replied.
“Fantastic, I take it she is well?”
“Wonderful, just tired most of the time. She wanted to stay up to greet you, but I ended up sending her to bed when she fell asleep in her chair at dinner.” Cedric said just as a servant entered with a platter of steaming food while another servant followed behind with wine.
Stephen smiled at the picture Cedric’s words painted and then strode over to the table, starving and exhausted from his journey. The two friends sat and talked until Stephen had his fill. Finally, Stephen searched out the comfort of his bed and found sleep quickly for the first time since leaving Cathal.
The next day, Stephen spent the entire morning and most of the afternoon in meetings with Cedric and his steward going over the events of the past month and a half. He was surprised to learn that Lord Kendall was expected early the next week to begin planning the details of the fair, even though it was still over two months away. Stephen’s steward was pleased to hear the news of Stephen’s upcoming marriage and they spent several hours in the early planning stages for the happy event. 
The next few days passed quickly, and Stephen was surprised and pleased to greet Lord Nolan only three days after he returned, even if it meant another long morning spent in reports and briefings about the province. Fortunately, all was well within the province and everyone seemed to be prospering. Lord Nolan accepted Stephen’s offer to stay for a week and spend time with his son and new daughter-in-law with gratitude. Stephen also realized that his presence would give him another experienced person with whom he could trust when working on the planning for the fair.
Stephen was pleasantly surprised when the steward brought him a set of ledgers his father had kept detailing all the plans for the previous fairs. He spent the coming week pouring over the ledgers and learning all he could about the planning and running of a large fair. He immediately decided to continue his father’s tradition and began taking notes with his thoughts regarding the upcoming fair in the first open pages in the last ledger. By the time, Lord Kendall arrived, Stephen felt ready to intelligently and confidently discuss and plan the upcoming event. He had even decided to include the most prosperous merchants from each of the most significant trades in the planning stage. It was the first time that the merchants had been given the opportunity to participate and their insight proved invaluable. The result was a change to the entire set up of the stalls and animal pens, with plans for sections dedicated to each trade and separated by venues for food and entertainment. The new plans would allow fair goers to easily shop for their needs without having to search out their favorite vendors. After a week of planning, even Lord Kendall felt that they were further ahead than they had ever been at this point before.
By the time, Lord Kendall left for home, the wedding was a little over one month away. Stephen met with his steward every day planning the food and entertainment for the numerous guests expected to attend the festivities. He had kept in constant communication with Bryan, but neither man had felt it appropriate to discuss Moira in writing. He desperately wanted to know if she was still angry with him but decided to give her time and didn’t write to her during their time apart. Within weeks, the castle was transformed as the first of the guests and entertainers began to arrive. The castle yard was full of people and animals brought in for the numerous meals yet to be served and Stephen grew more impatient to see his bride again as each day went by, and he desperately hoped that she missed him as well. 
When the first outriders arrived three days before the wedding to announce the imminent arrival of the bridal party, Stephen was hard pressed not to run for his horse and gallop out to meet them. Instead, Stephen paced the steps, waiting for the first glimpse of his bride. As the Tiernans crossed under the gate, Stephen stood on the steps and waited. When they reached the center of the courtyard, he made his way toward them and stopped when he reached Moira’s horse. He carefully guarded his expression before he looked up at her and extended his arms to help her down. She hesitated for only a second before she accepted his help.
“Welcome to your new home.” Stephen whispered into Moira’s hair just before he released her and turned her to face the castle.
“It’s beautiful.” Moira breathed as she gazed upon her new home for the first time. She had not expected the grandeur of the castle and Stephen was secretly pleased at her surprise, if not her lack of enthusiasm upon seeing him again.
As soon as the family was happily ensconced in their suite of rooms, they rejoined the festivities just beginning in the hall. Tonight, was the first of four banquets to take place each night until the final one after the wedding; most of the guests would take their leave until the entire wedding party departed for the fair at Weatherton a week after the wedding. Stephen sat next to his bride, but still felt distanced from her and wanted nothing more than to ride away alone with her, from the castle and all the guests. Unfortunately, he had to play the host and could not act on his desires.
Over the next few days, this feeling intensified until Stephen felt as if he was down to his last nerve. Despite her presence, he had not had a single moment alone with her and she had carefully kept her own expression as guarded as his own. As such, he had no idea if she still hated the idea of marrying him and the thought that she might tortured him.
The morning of the wedding dawned bright and warm, the early spring weather holding out as if the sun shone just for the bride and groom. Stephen couldn’t believe his eyes when he spotted Moira as she entered the chapel for the service. She was resplendent in a shining navy-blue gown over a silver undergarment with diamonds threaded throughout her hair. He stared down into her mesmerizing eyes with pride when she reached his side and before he turned his attention to the priest. It was a beautiful ceremony, and Stephen felt a surge of pride and emotion fill him as the priest announced that they were now man and wife, but he couldn’t help but wonder if his bride cursed the priest for the words that bound them together for life.
Moira stood beside Stephen and said all the appropriate words at the appropriate times, but inside she was full of a riot of emotions. She had not had a chance to speak alone with him since their last conversation in the palace before he had returned home and she had not heard from him since then, although her father had received regular letters. Over the past few weeks she had begun to wonder if Stephen had changed his mind about how he felt about her and was only going through with it because of the King’s order. Had her foolish stubbornness cost her all hope of happiness with him?
Stephen and Moira led the procession out of the chapel and back to the castle hall where the wedding banquet would begin. He had ordered the hall filled with flowers and they adorned every surface, filling the hall with the fragment scent of spring. The bride and groom took their places before the fireplace and greeted each of the guests as they entered the hall and he stole glances at her whenever he had a chance, but she never gave any of her emotions away. Servants wove in and out of the crowd offering goblets of ale or wine and as soon as everyone arrived, Stephen and Moira took their seats in the center of the head table as the guests filed into their places at the other tables.
The meal passed so slowly that both Stephen and Moira thought that it would never end, their nerves were so raw. Eventually, the servants arrived to clear the tables and the dancing began. Stephen felt a thrill of excitement as he took the floor with his wife for the first time. After several dances, the couple returned to the table to watch the festivities and chat with well-wishers who continually came by. Eventually, Evelyn took Moira’s arm and left the hall accompanied by Alana. Stephen knew that they were preparing his bride for the wedding night and his heart raced in anticipation while he dreaded the battle he suspected might ensue. It seemed like hours before the other two women emerged from above and Stephen received the signal that his bride awaited him in his chamber. He quickly left his chair and headed up the stairs to the sound of cheering from the hall below. 
He paused for only a moment before he softly pushed open the door to his personal suite. The outer chamber was empty, not that he was surprised. A small fire was burning in the fireplace to ward off the chill from the cool, spring night and it provided the only light in the room. The flickering light cast strange shadows across the room as Stephen stood just inside the doorway and debated what to do. The door to the actual bedchamber was only slightly ajar, but he knew Moira was in there. Stephen softly closed the door behind him and crossed over to the corner of the room by the armoire. There was a low bench there and Stephen quickly removed his belt, outer tunic and undershirt, placing them on the bench. He turned and sat down before pulling off his boots.
Clad only in his leggings, Stephen crossed to the table between the windows and poured himself a glass of wine from the decanter.  He took a few sips before he turned and headed for one of the chairs before the fire where he sat down heavily and sighed. The firelight danced across his features, deepening the hollows and making him look older than he was. He sat back in the chair and stared at the flames as he occasionally took sips of wine from the goblet he held loosely in his hand.
Stephen debated what to do; more than anything, he wished that he knew what Moira thought about their marriage. Despite how much he loved her, he knew that his love would not be enough to overcome their problems if she still believed that he had betrayed her. Desire raged through him as he thought of her waiting for him in the adjoining chamber, but the thought of an angry, unwilling bride stopped him from going to her. He found the thought of it distasteful, if not outright repulsive.
Moira knew when Stephen entered the outer chamber and she tensed in anticipation of his arrival. She waited for the door between them to swing open, but after what seemed like an eternity to her she realized that he was obviously not coming in. A million thoughts raced through her head, but one took precedence over the others. He didn’t want her. Tears sprang to her eyes and she buried her face in the blanket to muffle her cries. It was exactly as she had feared; she’d lost him because of her stubbornness. It took exceptional willpower, but Moira eventually shoved the covers aside and headed for the other room. No matter what it took, she was going to have to attempt to mend the disaster she had created.
Quietly, she pulled open the door and stepped into the outer chamber. At first, she didn’t see him, and her heart leapt at the thought that maybe he hadn’t come in to the room yet at all and she had worried for nothing, but then she spotted his hand dangling off the armrest of one of the chairs before the fire. Slowly, she moved forward, the stone floor cold against her bare feet. She knew he didn’t realize she was there, and she took the opportunity to study him.
The firelight flickered across his golden skin and her breath caught in her throat at the sight of his bare chest. She thought she could see every muscle in his arms and chest, and she ached to reach out and touch him. It took great effort, but she eventually forced herself to look up at his face and her heart stilled. He looked so sad and tired. It was all her fault and tears came to her eyes again as she struggled with her emotions.
Stephen didn’t hear the door to the bedchamber swing open behind him and it wasn’t until he sensed her presence beside him that he realized he was no longer alone. He sprang to his feet and stared at her as she took a quick step back, startled by his abrupt movement. Her hair hung loosely about her and the firelight deepened its golden hue and made it seem to move and dance in the flickering light. He could tell by the way her eyes reflected the light that she had been crying. Despite his best efforts to contain his fear, he couldn’t help but think that she cried over the fact that she was now tied to him for life.
After a minute, Stephen realized he was still holding the now empty goblet in his hand and he moved over to the fireplace and set the goblet on the heavy, wooden mantle above it. Leaning forward, he placed his hands shoulder width apart on the fireplace and let it support his weight as he once again studied the fire. He didn’t know what to say to her, and he didn’t trust himself if he continued to look at her.
“I grew worried when you didn’t come to bed,” Moira said softly.
Stephen sighed heavily, but he didn’t look at her. “I didn’t mean to worry you.”
She took a hesitant step forward, “would you prefer that I wait for you in there?” She asked with a slight wave of her hand toward the bedchamber.
Stephen looked over his arm at her. She was so beautiful it hurt. His fingers gripped the mantle as he fought the urge to take her into his arms and make love to her on the spot despite the consequences. “I won’t be coming to you tonight. Go and sleep in peace,” he finished lamely as he turned back to the fire.
She couldn’t control the tears now as they spilled down her cheeks as she studied him. He was rejecting her outright without even giving her a chance to make amends. Her breath caught on a sob and she turned and headed for the room behind her. She wanted to run, but halfway back to the room she stopped and took a deep breath before speaking. “I’m so sorry that you were forced to marry me, Stephen,” she whispered. “I was so angry, I felt like I had no control over my own life, and I took it out on you.” She took another deep breath not seeing his head snap up behind her as she spoke and rushed on, “I hope that someday I can make it up to you and show you how very much I love you. Maybe then you will find it in yourself to love me again.” Her voice caught on a sob with her last words and she hurried forward, praying that she would gain the privacy of the bedchamber before she broke down completely.
She didn’t make it. Stephen crossed the room at a run and pulled her against his chest, his arms circling her waist. He buried his face in the hair across her neck and inhaled deeply of her scent as he held her. Roughly, he spun her around and lowered his mouth to hers, unable to control himself any longer. She kissed him back with equal desire as he clasped her tightly against his chest.
“I thought you’d never forgive me,” Stephen whispered between kisses.
Moira pulled back and looked into his eyes, “for what, loving me?”
“You should have had the right to choose,” he said simply as he looked down at her.
The tears started to flow again, and Stephen reached up and wiped them away as she spoke, “I had already chosen, I just let my foolish pride let me forget it. I was so afraid that I’d lost you.”
Stephen kissed her again, his lips molding to hers. He pulled back slightly and whispered huskily, “I could never stop loving you.”
“Then you do want me,” she sighed contentedly as he nuzzled her neck with his lips.
“So much it hurts,” Stephen said as his mouth found hers again and desire exploded between them, Stephen gently lifted her into his arms and carried her to their bed. Too late, Stephen realized that his entire body was tingling with tremendous force. Just a second later, the wood in the small bedroom fireplace burst into flames as a fire roared to life. Oh well, at least it wasn’t the rug, Stephen thought just before he lost the ability to think at all.
Sunlight was just beginning to streak through the windows when Stephen awoke. His mind was foggy at first, but he quickly realized where he was and who was by his side. Carefully, so as not to disturb her, Stephen rolled over and stared at his young wife. She was sleeping peacefully next to him, her hair a riot of golden curls framing her face. Stephen felt that she had never been more beautiful than at that moment. He was content to lie there and stare at her forever, but it was only a few moments before her eyes slowly opened and focused upon his own. He smiled down at her and leaned forward to place a kiss on her forehead.
“Good morning, my love.” He whispered softly.
“Good morning, husband.” She whispered back with a charming blush and a smile.
“Are you okay this morning?” Stephen asked with concern splaying across his face.
Her blush deepened, “I’ve never felt better in my life.”
It was late in the morning before they emerged from their bedchamber and made an appearance in the hall below. The hall was quiet, many of the guests having left early that morning for their long journey home. Still, there were enough people in the hall for both Stephen and Moira to feel self-conscious about their late arrival. Cedric immediately sensed his friend’s discomfort and teased him mercilessly. Alana and Moira sat together at the table sharing a private conversation; they had quickly become friends over the past few days to Stephen and Cedric’s delight.
Stephen choked heavily on his wine when Moira casually mentioned the heat in the room the night before and how she hadn’t remembered there being a fire in the fireplace when she went to bed. Cedric pounded on Stephen’s back as Evelyn gave him a queer look before bursting out laughing having realized what must have happened. Moira looked at them both like they had gone insane but didn’t push the matter any further.
Finally, after what seemed like the longest meal of Stephen’s life, he and Moira were able to retire to their bedchamber. Almost as soon as they collapsed into the bed together, Stephen felt a surge of tingling spread through him. He tried in vain to suppress it, but all he managed was to direct it again to the fireplace. Moira suddenly pushed him away and sat up and stared at the fire.
“Was that burning when we came in here?” She asked.
“Yes.” Stephen lied as he pressed her back down into the bed and kissed her until she thought of the fire no more.
The next morning, Stephen woke up to find his bride standing before the fireplace and staring down at the ashes and partially burned wood from the night before. He rolled out of the enormous bed and slipped on his robe before walking over and putting his arms around her from behind. She leaned back against him and Stephen pushed her hair out of the way to kiss her neck. She turned in his arms and kissed him back. This time, he had no warning before a fire burst to life in the fireplace beside them.
“Damn.” Stephen cursed as Moira pushed him away and stared into the flames.
“Stephen, I know that fire wasn’t burning a few minutes ago.” Moira said confusion and worry filling her voice.
“Darling” he whispered, forcing Moira to look at him, the light from the fire reflected in both of their eyes. “Don't I deserve more attention than the fire?” Stephen asked as he tried to distract her.
“Stop that.” Moira laughed as she pushed him away. “I’m serious.”
“I know.” Stephen sighed. He realized that he would not have a choice but to tell her about the elementals and was grateful about the clause that allowed him to do so. Desperately, he hoped that he could make her understand. “I’m different from most people,” he began, searching her face.
“What do you mean?”
“I can control things,” he said simply as he looked away, suddenly embarrassed.
“Are you telling me that you are an elemental?”
This time it was Stephen’s turn to stare at her in surprise. “You know about the elementals?”
Moira laughed, “I am one.”
“Why didn’t Bryan and Evelyn tell me?”
“I can only assume they didn’t tell you for the same reason that they didn’t tell me, we had too much going on already.”
“When did you emerge?”
“Just after you left. I came down to breakfast one morning and mother fainted at the sight of me. When she woke up, she and father explained everything about the society.”
“Except the part about your betrothed being one as well,” Stephen said with a wry smile.
“They did say that it was ironic, but they refused to explain why.”
“What is your power?”
“Wind.”
Stephen smiled; he should have known by the way she loved the wind as much as he did. “That’s mine as well.”
Now Moira looked confused, “if you are a wind, then how did the fire start.”
Now Stephen looked sheepish, “Actually, I possess both powers, although I have little control over my abilities with fire.”
The two stared at each other, content in the knowledge that their future held even more possibilities for them than they had imagined before. After several minutes, Stephen’s mind began to wander, “now can I distract you?” Stephen whispered as he reached up and caressed her face.
“I think you might be able to do that.” Moira said with a shy smile.
It was well into the morning before Stephen and Moira left their bedchamber and headed downstairs. Evelyn and Bryan where pleased to hear that the happy couple had discovered their little secret and the group made plans to head out that afternoon. Cedric was thrilled to learn that Moira had emerged, and he quickly agreed to join them for their little outing that afternoon. As soon as they arrived in Stephen’s favorite clearing, Moira asked if she could see everyone else use their gifts.
“Look around the clearing and pick any tree you like.” Stephen asked. She gazed around the clearing and after only a quick look, she pointed to a large oak tree to the far left of the clearing. “Do you feel any wind right now?” Stephen asked, “Anything that might act upon that tree?”
“No.” she said, shaking her head.
“Then watch.” Stephen said. Moira turned to watch the tree. Stephen didn’t take his eyes off his wife, but simply raised his hand and swept it in front of him. A sudden wind rose up at her feet, slashing her skirts before flying away from her and barreling toward the tree. The tree swayed violently from the force of the impact and several dead limbs fell to the ground.
“Your power is the same, correct?” Moira said glancing over to Cedric.
“Not as strong, but yes, I control the wind.” Cedric said with a nod.
She pointed to a clump of trees exactly opposite the mighty oak. “How about those?” She asked in a challenging tone. Cedric turned and faced the clump of trees. He raised both of his hands out in front of him as if pushing the air ahead of him. The wind rose up again, this time at Cedric’s feet, before rushing forward and buffeting the trees.
“And I can do that as well, right?” Moira asked having not had much opportunity to test her power at home.
“Yes.” Evelyn said and nodded.
“Show me how.” Moira commanded as she turned back to her husband. A slow grin played across his face and he stepped forward to teach her while the others found places to sit and watch. The group spent several hours in the clearing, fascinated by the speed with which Moira learned. Her talent rivaled Cedric’s already and the group could hardly tell whose was stronger. Stephen’s had magnified over the past year and his far outshone both of theirs. However, together, their control of the wind was extraordinary.
Later that evening, after Alana had gone upstairs to rest, the group sat before the fire and discussed the events of the day. 
“Stephen, why didn’t you knock the tree down when you showed Moira your power?” Cedric suddenly asked.
“You mean he could have knocked the tree down completely?” Moira asked in wonder, turning and staring at Stephen.
“You bet he could.” Cedric replied. “He is the strongest wind in history.”
Stephen shifted uncomfortably under her penetrating gaze.
“So, why didn’t you knock the tree down?” She asked.
“I like that tree.” Stephen replied sheepishly.
This time, they all burst out laughing at Stephen’s explanation and obvious discomfort. 
Eventually, the entire group bid each other goodnight and Moira and Stephen retired to their chamber. As soon as he entered the bed chamber, Stephen crossed over to the fireplace and replenished the wood in the grate.
“What are you doing?” Moira asked. “It’s already warm in here.”
“Just giving me a target for my energy,” Stephen replied with a grin before he rose from his place and pulled her up against him.

Chapter 12
The journey to Weatherton was a merry one for Stephen and the rest of his party. He and Moira rode together, surrounded by guards and enjoying the time they had together. All the people on the journey had a jovial spirit and the beautiful spring weather buoyed them further. When the trumpets sounded their approach on the outskirts of town, Stephen was surprised that the journey was already over. The crowds were even larger than last year, and they cheered the arrival of the young Duke and his new bride with joyous abandon. Young children rushed forward and offered Moira flowers as they made their slow progression through the tent city and the newly erected stalls and animal pens. Stephen immediately noticed the difference his suggestions had made as they passed through the stench of all the animals at the very beginning and then left the worst of the smell behind them. Stephen’s mother had not joined them on the journey, but Stephen was not surprised. He had seen her only three times since coming home from the royal court. Once to tell her of his betrothal, the second to introduce her to his bride and remind her of the ceremony, to which she had not bothered to come, and the last just before they left for the fair. Stephen was secretly glad that she had not come, her absence meant that elementals could freely come and go from his tent without suspicion, because Alana had remained behind due to her advancing pregnancy.
It was another prosperous fair, full of excitement for the young newlyweds. Everyone in the society was fascinated to hear of Moira’s emergence. Their excitement grew when Quinn arrived and confirmed the emergence of several more elementals.
They all spent a pleasant evening renewing their friendships and discussing each other’s progress in their various skills. Deidre was there and Stephen now recognized the sadness about her that he had not noticed before. He was acutely aware of the slight frown and the tears which sprang to her eyes but were quickly wiped away at the mention of Cedric’s impending fatherhood. The young woman obviously regretted the fact that she would not have children of her own.
As everyone said goodbye for the evening and began exiting the tent, Bryan paused at the entrance and turned back to Stephen. “By the way,” he said. “Happy Birthday.”
Stephen jerked upright and stared back at him with a shocked look upon his face. Cedric took one look at his friend’s expression and burst out laughing. “You know, Stephen.” Cedric laughed. “I think age has befuddled your brain. That’s two years in a row that you have forgotten your own birthday.”
Everyone laughed and wished him well before departing. Moira extended her arm to Stephen and asked if he needed assistance reaching his bed in lieu of his advanced years. Stephen chased her from the room, laughing the entire time.
The fair was a spectacular success, and Lord Kendall was proud to report that all estimates showed that it would be the largest profit in the history of the fair. The merchants were thrilled with the changes and so were their customers. Even the food and entertainment venues prospered under the changes as the fair goers conducted their business more efficiently and thus had more time to sample the fair’s other offerings. 
The same young boy from the year before won the archery contest again to the great delight of the crowd and the boy blushed furiously when Moira bestowed his awards upon him. Stephen was pleased when Cedric won tournament champion a second year in a row. He was further impressed to hear of the number of requests from father’s wanting their sons to enter his service so that they might train under the great knight.
The final banquet was a joyful event, held out under the stars as Stephen had envisioned it only a year before. Everyone agreed that the atmosphere was enchanting. Stephen and Moira danced under the stars together and both agreed that they should have done so on their wedding night, the effect was so magical. It was with great reluctance that the fairgoers retired to their beds that last night, most regretting the fact that it would be a full year before they could experience the magic again. Only Cedric seemed eager for everything to end, but that was just because he wanted nothing more than to return to his wife’s side.
The trip home was undertaken in the same perfect weather that they had enjoyed throughout the fair and they made it back to Larcond in record time. Alana rushed out to meet Cedric upon their return and Moira and Stephen retired to their chamber to give the couple some time alone. 
In June, Stephen and Cedric left for the Royal Tournament without either of their wives. Alana was only a couple of months away from her confinement and Moira had decided to stay with her new friend. Stephen was surprised to learn that Cedric was nervous about the upcoming tournament and he teased him mercilessly during the journey. Cedric needn’t have worried, once again he emerged the victor and tournament champion, beating his opponent by three lances to one.
At the banquet the night of Cedric’s victory, both men sat at the King’s table watching the festivities. The crowd in the hall was larger than normal and the heat had built to an uncomfortable level. The King and Queen had already left the hall to escape the stifling heat, but the party continued. Stephen waved to a servant to bring more ale to quench their thirsts as Cedric shooed away another father eager to have his daughter seen dancing with one of the two men. After several more minutes Stephen suddenly started laughing and Cedric looked at his friend as if he thought he had imbibed too liberally of the ale.
“I’m sorry,” Stephen said as he wiped tears from his eyes, he had been laughing so hard. “I just realized that we are acting like a pair of old men.”
Cedric smiled and started to chuckle at his friend’s words, “can I help it if I miss my wife?”
“No more than I can,” Stephen said as he sighed.
“Excuse me, your Grace?” a servant said from behind and Stephen turned in time to see the man bow.
“Yes?”
“The King has requested that you and Sir Nolan break your fast with him in his private dining chamber in the morning.” 
“Inform the King that we would be honored to join him.” Stephen said as he glanced at Cedric who shrugged his shoulders as the servant bowed and took his leave.
“What do you think that’s all about?”
“I have no idea,” Stephen answered, “but we had better take to our beds, I hear the King rises early.” Cedric nodded and the two men left the hall.
The next morning, Cedric had joined Stephen in his chamber by the time a palace steward arrived to escort them to the King’s suite. They arrived only moments before the King and were quickly ordered to take their seats as servants immediately appeared with a sumptuous meal.
After everyone had been served, the small talk broke off and Stephen and Cedric turned their attention to the King. “I suppose you’re wondering why I requested your presence this morning.” Both men nodded and the King continued, “It has come to my attention Lord Gensed passed away last month without an heir.”
“Yes, your Majesty, I heard the sad news only a day before we left,” Stephen quickly confirmed. Lord Gensed held lands adjoining Cedric’s fathers outside Weatherton. His was a lesser title, but an old one and Stephen was sorry to see the line die out.
“Have you given any thought to the disposition of the lands?”
“Not yet, your Majesty. I planned to deal with it as soon as I returned.”
“Then may I suggest that you grant the lands to Cedric?”
Cedric stared at the King in awe as Stephen thought about it. It wasn’t unheard of that a tournament champion would receive bountiful rewards for their success and he personally felt that the idea made sense given that Lord Nolan’s land bordered the land in question. “I have no objections, your Majesty.”
“Excellent, oh, and by the way, I would hate for the peasants who farm the land to feel that you lack authority,” the King added as he looked at Cedric. “Henceforth, you shall be known as Lord Nolan, the new Earl of Gensed.”
“Thank you, your Majesty,” Cedric stammered. He could not believe the sudden turn of events. Conversation once again turned to small talk as the small group finished their meal. Eventually, talk turned to the games and Cedric’s chances of continued success in the future.
“I don’t believe that there is a man alive who can beat you on the field.” Maddox said.
“I know of at least one.” Cedric laughed.
“Who is this man? Tell me, so that I might force a challenge, for that is a match I would love to see,” the King said, his interest suddenly piqued.
“He’s sitting at this very table, staring at his food.” Cedric said as he laughed and pointed at Stephen.
“I don’t always win.” Stephen said sheepishly when Maddox turned and gaped at him.
“Surely you jest with me.” He finally stated. “Why have you not competed in the games?”
“My father would never allow it.” Stephen said, shrugging his shoulders. “And after I became the Duke, I really didn’t see the point.”
“Your father did have some unusual beliefs about maintaining authority over your men, but surely you can’t beat one as experienced as Sir Cedric, excuse me, Lord Cedric.” Maddox added with a grin.
“It is no joke, Your Majesty.” Cedric replied. “His Grace regularly beats me when we tilt.”
“I would say you beat me just as often.” Stephen returned, refusing to tarnish his friend’s reputation.
“Yes, but you have unseated me three times and I have never unseated you,” Cedric countered.
“You unseated him?” The King asked incredulously, staring at Stephen.
“Yes, but he had a cold one of the times.” Stephen replied sheepishly.
Maddox laughed and shook his head at the news. Secretly, he thought that he just might have to come and watch the two of them on the practice fields. If they were being honest with him, and he had no reason not to trust them, then the match would be a sight to behold.
Three weeks later, as Stephen and Cedric were out on the practice field, they heard the trumpets announcing the arrival of royal guests. Assuming it was the Tiernan’s who were due to arrive within a day or so, both men continued to train without returning to the castle. After half an hour, Stephen was surprised to see a small crowd heading down from the castle toward the practice fields. He spotted his wife on the arm of a tall man in the center and was shocked to realize that it was the King himself.
“Your Majesty, what a pleasant surprise.” Stephen said as he bowed low before King Maddox when they arrived at the field.
“I have been out hunting and I decided that it had been long enough since I visited your castle and I thought I might come to visit you.” Maddox replied with a laugh.
“It is our pleasure to have you here.” Stephen replied honestly.
“I must admit I had a secret agenda.” He said with a smile.
“I’m afraid I don’t quite follow you, Your Majesty.” Stephen replied.
“I was hoping that you and Cedric might put on a private jousting match, just for me.” He responded with a wink. “I still believe that you were jesting with me after the tournament.”
“Now that’s not fair, it can’t be that private for I would like to watch as well.” Leahnia added from Moira’s other side.
“All right.” Stephen said with a laugh. “Are you up for it Cedric?” He said as he cuffed his friend on the shoulder.
“I am at Your Majesty’s command.” Cedric said with a bow.
Both men took off toward opposite ends of the field where they were helped into their armor. The King settled himself down onto the ground and then patted the place next to him as he told Moira she was to sit next to him for the event. Moira lowered herself down to the grass with a hand from the King as the Queen took her place on the ground next to her, assisted by one of the King’s men.
Stephen and Cedric mounted their horses and were each handed a lance from a page. Another page ran forward and positioned himself in the center between the two. He quickly raised his arm and then glanced at the men to make sure that they were each ready before dropping his arm as a signal for them to charge. Both horses jolted forward under the command of the men upon their backs and raced toward each other. Maddox was immediately impressed with Stephen’s form and he began to wonder if the men had been serious with him after all. A monstrous crash reached their ears as pieces of splintered wood went flying in all directions. Both men had struck the other a tremendous blow, shattering each of their lances. It was a testament to their skill that they had both remained secularly upon their mounts.
He chuckled in amazement as Stephen and Cedric rode to the end of the list and turned to take up their starting position from the opposite side. Once again, the page boy ran to the center and raised his arm in the air, waiting for each man to receive a fresh lance and signal that they were ready. As soon as he received a signal from both ends of the field the lad dropped his arm and the horses rushed forward again. This time, only Cedric’s lance shattered as Stephen’s merely glanced off Cedric’s armor.
The King laughed uproariously, glad to see that his own prediction over who would win was panning out. Both men again took up their places at the end of the field and reached for their lances. As the boy dropped his arm for the final time, the horses surged forward at even greater speed than before. Maddox jumped to his feet in anticipation, but even he was amazed at the outcome. Stephen’s lance struck Cedric squarely in the chest with tremendous force, a split second faster than his friend. Cedric toppled off the back side of his horse and lay stunned on the ground for a moment from the force of the impact. As soon as Cedric rolled over and regained his feet, the King let a great bellow of laughter. Delighted at the sight he had just witnessed, even if he had been wrong about the eventual outcome.
Maddox decided to stay down on the field and watch Stephen and Cedric train their men, but Moira and Leahnia headed back toward the castle. Just as they were passing the quintain, a squire in training missed the correct blow and was sent flying from his horse by the quintain’s swinging arm. His horse, a young and inexperienced animal, startled and bolted, charging straight at Moira and the Queen.
Moira heard the shouts of warning and turned just in time to shove Leahnia out of the way as the animal charged by, colliding with a support pole for a nearby lean-to in its frightened state. As the pole shattered, the roof of the lean-to collapsed down, pulling it and the rest of the fragile and aging building down on top of Moira. Everyone froze in shock for a split second before more shouts filled the air.
The men down on the fields heard the commotion and came running. As Stephen rounded the corner all he saw was a crowd of men digging through the wreckage of the collapsed building. He slowed his pace until he noticed the Queen standing alone off to the side crying. His heart skipped a beat when he realized that Moira had left the field with Leahnia, but she was now nowhere in sight. Instantly, he realized who was beneath the rubble and he ran forward and began furiously removing thatch and timbers in his desperate search to find his wife.
The King went over to the Queen, and she quickly told him what had happened and how Moira had probably saved her life. Maddox immediately began to lend a hand in removing the debris, but it was only a moment before one of the men hollered that he had found her. Stephen scrambled over the rubble and helped to gently extricate his wife’s still form. As he gently turned her over and cradled her in his arms, he heard Cedric gasp. It was only when he glanced down at his wife’s face that he noticed the swelling and blood on the side of her temple.
The crowd parted as Stephen gingerly stepped out of the rubble carrying his wife in his arms. She had still not moved, although Stephen was sure she was breathing. He moved quickly through his men as they scattered out of the way while Cedric ran ahead to open the hall doors. Stephen didn’t even pause, but instead headed straight up the stairs to their bedchamber where he lay his wife gently upon the bed. Alana had come running up from the hall and he stepped back to let her examine his wife just as Cedric darted from the room and commanded a servant in the hall to have the healer brought to the castle, before he returned to Stephen’s side.
It wasn’t long before the healer arrived and he quickly examined Moira’s injuries, and Stephen was silent as the man worked. When he finished, the healer motioned for Stephen to join him outside the room where Cedric, Alana, and the King and Queen waited for word. The healer was an elderly man and he leaned heavily on his cane and stared at the floor before he finally spoke to Stephen.
“I’m sorry, Your Grace, there is nothing I can do.”
“What do you mean?” Stephen asked, blanching white.
“Her head injury is severe; I doubt that she will ever regain consciousness.”
“Are you saying that my wife is going to die?”
The healer looked Stephen in the eye, “Yes, Your Grace; that is exactly what I am saying.”
Stephen swallowed hard and looked at the door to the room where his wife lay dying. “How long does she have?”
“Who knows,” the healer said with a shrug, “hours, maybe even a day.”
Stephen nodded his head and turned to go back into the chamber with his wife, but he paused with his hand on the door, “Cedric?”
“Yes, Stephen?” Cedric answered, clearing his throat to cover his own emotions.
“Get Evelyn,” it took Cedric only a moment to realize what Stephen was really saying to him and he quickly bowed to the King and Queen and ran down the stairs, nearly knocking the healer over in his haste. Stephen didn’t say anything else before he opened the door and shut himself inside with his wife. Alana felt torn between her desire to be with her friend and her duties to the King and Queen. Eventually, she realized that by attending to the King and Queen’s needs she was allowing Stephen to be with his wife. Her decision made, she quickly ushered the pair downstairs to the hall and summoned a servant to bring wine as they all settled in to wait.
Stephen sat in the room, his wife’s head cradled in his lap, stroking the hair off her face as he waited. He could only pray that Evelyn would make it in time and that Moira’s injuries would not be more than she could handle. As the hours passed, Stephen noticed that her breathing had become irregular and her skin had turned alarmingly pale. Stephen began to pray in earnest as he held her close to him, knowing that these might be his final moments with her. He was so absorbed in his wife’s condition that he did not notice the commotion in the hall outside the room until Evelyn burst through the door.
“Thank you, God,” Stephen said softly as he closed his eyes and raised his head toward the heavens as Evelyn rushed to her daughter’s side and examined the wound without touching her. “Can you save her?” Stephen asked when he saw the concern in her face.
“I’m not sure,” Evelyn answered honestly as she studied the swelling on Moira’s head. Bryan and Cedric arrived at that moment and Cedric quickly barred the door behind them. “I’ll hang on as long as I can, but I don’t know if it will be enough.” Evelyn glanced to her husband and Bryan moved to stand directly behind where she knelt on the bed. As soon as he was in place, Evelyn took a deep breath and then placed both of her hands on either side of Moira’s head.
Evelyn could feel the energy surge through her. She knew from experience that Moira’s injury was severe by how quickly her own injury drained from her. Desperately, Evelyn tried to hang on as her vision dimmed and her head spun. Within minutes, the darkness settled upon her and she collapsed into her husband’s waiting arms.
Stephen and the others glanced at each other in fear, none of them wanting to ask what they all wondered. Had it worked? Seconds ticked by as Bryan cradled his wife against him and studied his daughter’s face for any sign of life. Cedric sat down heavily on the end of the bed and stared at his own hands in his lap, unable to watch the scene unfolding before him.
Stephen held her tightly against him, his eyes closed and his head touching hers, his face buried in her hair. He was shaking so badly that he didn’t notice the subtle change in her breathing as it slowly became regular and deeper. “Stephen?” Moira called weakly as she struggled to open her eyes, she had a raging headache and she couldn’t remember what had happened.
All their heads snapped up when she spoke and a grin spread across Cedric’s face as Stephen started to laugh and cry at the same time, his relief overwhelming him. “I’m right here, darling,” he cried into her hair as he held her.
“My head hurts,” she whispered.
“I know, sweetheart, but it’s going to get better, I promise.”
“What about the baby?”
“What baby?” Stephen asked, thinking that Moira was confused and referring to Alana and Cedric’s baby.
“Our baby,” she whispered as her hand fluttered across her abdomen.
Stephen froze as he looked down at her, it couldn’t be. “Are you with child?” He finally managed to ask, and she nodded her head, wincing from the pain when she moved. Stephen’s breath caught in his throat. He couldn’t believe what he had nearly lost today. “I’m sure our baby is fine,” he reassured her when he once again found his voice as Evelyn began to stir beside them.
Cedric bounded from the room as Bryan assured Evelyn that she had succeeded and that their daughter was going to be fine. A crowd had gathered in the hall below and they all came to their feet and looked up to the balcony expectantly when the door opened to the chamber and they heard Cedric running forward. “She’s awake!” Cedric bellowed to the crowd below and they all broke out in cheers and cries of relief.

Chapter 13
The King and Queen departed within days, thrilled that Moira would live and eternally grateful that she had saved the Queen. Despite Evelyn’s best efforts, Moira still suffered with bouts of extreme fatigue and was plagued by terrible headaches. Despite her lingering symptoms, she was soon back on her feet and the entire province celebrated when word of the impending arrival of an heir spread across the land.
The king eagerly shared what he had witnessed on the training fields of Larcond and soon Stephen was besieged with requests from nobles across the land to train their sons. He accepted the best of the young men and the first of the new arrivals took up residence by the end of August. There were more than a few accidents in the first few weeks as eager young boys forgot the dangers of a training field in their rush to watch Cedric and Stephen train.
For one week, every year, Stephen sat in counsel to hear disputes and complaints involving the people of his province. The ancient tradition dated back farther than anyone could remember, but most agreed that it still served a valuable purpose. After a long and tiring week, Stephen wasn’t so sure. He couldn’t believe some of the disputes he was asked to resolve.
The worst dispute involved a squabble between two men whose land divided exactly down the center of a small pond which provided the main source of water for their herds. After listening to the men argue back and forth for several minutes, Stephen silenced them with a wave of his hand. He was quiet for a moment as he thought about the problem. Finally, he asked the source of the water in the pond. Both men looked at him strangely before answering that it came from a stream that started far off in the Piran Mountains. Stephen smiled when he heard this and gleefully informed them that the water belonged to the province since its source was somewhere in the mountains of Piran which were entirely owned by the Duke.
Stephen then waited for the men to absorb this information and he could tell that they were nervous. Both men shifted uneasily on their feet realizing that Stephen could forbid each of them from ever using the pond again. There was no way either man could support their herd without the valuable water source. 
After several uncomfortable minutes, Stephen gave both men equal rights to the use of the water for a small annual fee. He further suggested that the two men consider joining their herds and stop competing with one another for customers. The result would be higher profits and higher quality stock for the province. The two men stared back at Stephen for some time before begging his permission to leave, exiting with their heads bent close together in conversation.
After the week ended, Stephen was thrilled to return to the training fields. He was sick and tired of property rights, squabbles over chickens, and even debates over whether a man had promised his daughter to another man in exchange for a prize cow or a pig. The one saving grace for Stephen was the fact that an entire year would have to pass before he had to do it again.
The rest of the week passed smoothly, although it was unusually warm. In the last week of August, Alana safely delivered a son. Cedric could not have been more ecstatic, and Stephen rejoiced alongside him. They chose to name the infant, Keane, and he was a very easy baby. Everyone was pleased to see that Keane was a happy, playful infant. He would smile his adorable toothless grin at any face he saw and would wiggle and squeal with delight every time anyone shook his rattle in front of him. Alana and Moira spent every evening regaling Cedric and Stephen of Keane’s activities during the day. 
Fall passed quickly and gave way to cold winter weather. The soldiers spent less time training and Cedric enjoyed more time with his son during the long winter days. Moira’s pregnancy continued to progress on schedule, and to her great delight, her parents arrived a few days early for the winter festival. The inhabitants of the castle were all in a positive and festive mood for the winter holiday and Stephen held a banquet for the leading townspeople. The hall was filled with merrymakers and a spirit of joviality. Lord and Lady Nolan arrived bearing gifts, and Quinn had carved the most magnificent wooden horse for little Keane that they all stood around and admired, even if it would be many months before Keane himself was old enough to enjoy it. It was a light-hearted time that filled them all with promise and hope for the new year to come.
After the official end of the winter festival, Moira began to dread the departure of her parents. No matter how bravely she acted about her pregnancy, she had her own fears about the birth. She had no idea that Stephen and Evelyn shared their own concerns over her steadily increasing size. Stephen was not a small man, and he worried that the child was growing overly large. Evelyn agreed to stay on after the festival to the relief of everyone.
In the end, everything turned out fine. Moira was safely delivered at the end of January, although there was a surprise for everyone. Soon after she delivered a healthy baby boy, pain overwhelmed her, and she quickly expelled another boy into the midwife’s arms. Stephen was overjoyed at the news that he was now the proud father of not one, but two healthy sons and word was quickly dispatched across the land of the arrival of his heirs.
The entire castle and village celebrated the arrival of the young heir and his brother to the dukedom. Word quickly arrived from Cathal congratulating Stephen and Moira upon the safe delivery of the twins with a personal letter from the Queen. Little Lord Brent and Lord Evan were beautiful and enchanting infants who captured the hearts of everyone who met them. It was obvious to all that the twins were already deeply attached to each other. Whenever they were separated, even for the short time it took to bathe or change them the twins would cry as if they were injured. Cedric and Alana both fought for their turns to hold the twins, although little Keane still received just as much attention for himself.
 Despite her joy at the arrival of her new grandsons, Evelyn was torn between her desire to be with her family in Cathal and not wanting to miss a moment with the babies. Finally, Bryan solved the problem for her when he arrived with their own sons one month after the twins arrived. Bryan stared at the two infants in surprise when he arrived. Evelyn had informed him of the safe arrival of his grandchild but had refused to even tell him the child’s sex, much less that he had two grandsons. He quickly overcame his surprise and demanded to hold his grandbabies, pure joy written across his face. Trevor and Owen both found the babies boring and had more fun playing with Keane who was nearly six months old. He would laugh and make cooing and babbling sounds whenever anyone played with him. To the boys, he was far more interesting. Stephen was insulted at their lack of attention for their nephews, but Moira simply laughed and told him that the babies would grow and soon they could play as well.
When Bryan arrived, the fair at Weatherton was only one and half months away and the King had given him permission to conduct his business from Larcond until after the fair. Moira’s brother Trevor planned to enter the games at Larcond, his first competition since he had turned eighteen, and his excitement was palpable. Soon, the castle was overflowing with people when the Nolans arrived only a week later to visit their son and grandson and to meet the twins. 
As spring arrived and the weather turned warmer, the four elementals, five while Lord Nolan visited, spent a great deal of time in the clearing practicing their skills and learning to combine their talents for a more powerful effect. Lord Nolan found that he could cause the earth to shake and loosen the soil for some distance in front of the group and the three winds could then cause the dust to rise in a strong dust storm which moved at their command. They all agreed that they needed a way to regularly practice their skills with a variety of elementals and not just others with the same gift. Stephen also discovered if he concentrated heavily on the same spot he could usually succeed in setting it on fire, but they all agreed that it took a great deal of energy out of him to do so. 
Meanwhile, Stephen made plans for the fair. It took far less effort this year as they all agreed to follow the same preparations from the year before. For the first time in history, Stephen had to limit the field at Weatherton because the fair could not possibly handle the number of requests for entry in the days available. He debated lengthening the number of the days of the fair to enable a larger tournament but decided against it this year. Cedric wavered back and forth over entering the tournament, and although he finally decided to compete, Stephen secretly worried that his heart was not in it. He looked forward to the games himself, but he dreaded his time away from Moira and the infants. It was too early to make such a long journey for the babies and Moira and Alana would remain at the castle to care for the children.
Eventually the day came, and Stephen, Cedric, Bryan, Evelyn, their boys, and the Nolans departed Larcond for the fair. The weather was not as good as the year before and the travelers arrived in Weatherton somewhat subdued from the cold and rain. Fortunately, the sun appeared in the sky the next day and remained there for the rest of the fair. It was shaping up to be another profitable year and Lord Kendall and Stephen discussed the possibility of expanding the field and lengthening the days to accommodate more entrants and even more merchants. Lord Kendall believed that the profit would outweigh the costs and Stephen gave his approval for the work to commence over the summer. The fair next year would be at least a day longer and would have two main thoroughfares through the tent city with larger training grounds and a separate field with pavilions for the sword competition.
Two days after the fair started, Stephen and Cedric were spending the evening in the tent after a long day judging the archery competition. Cedric would face his first joust in the morning and both men enjoyed their chance to get away from all of noise. They both startled at the sound of a commotion outside the tent. After a muffled discussion, one of the guards swept open the flap and a messenger scurried inside. Both Stephen and Cedric recognized the man as one of the official messengers of Larcond and grew stiff with worry over what might have happened at home.
“Your Grace.” The messenger began, bowing low before him. “I carry an urgent message from Lady Moira.” He said as he handed the missive to Stephen.
Stephen took the paper and after glancing at the seal to verify its authenticity, he ripped it open and began to read. Cedric watched and noticed the color in Stephen’s face drain away. His heart increased its pace as he waited to hear of what calamity had befallen them now.
“Tell my steward to make all of the arrangements.” Stephen ordered the messenger after penning a reply and affixing his own seal in wax upon it. “Do not wait for my return. Is that understood?” He demanded as he handed the sealed letter back to the messenger.
“Yes, Your Grace. I will see to it.” The man replied with another bow before he left the tent.
“Stephen, what’s happened?” Cedric said, the worry evident in his tone.
“Moira sent word that my mother was found dead in her bed two mornings ago.” Stephen replied as he walked over to the table and poured himself some wine.
“Do you want to head home? I can handle everything here.” Cedric offered, concerned for his friend.
“No.” Stephen replied emphatically “I’ve been grieving the loss of both of my parents for two years now, my presence will make no difference.” He quickly downed the glass of wine and then disappeared into his private quarters.
Cedric sadly realized that he was right. Stephen’s mother had not left her room in over a year and had even asked Stephen not to bring the twins to see her again when he had presented them to her after their birth. She had chosen to join her husband the day he passed away, it had just taken her two years to accomplish her goal.
The elementals gathered again, and Stephen was pleased to have time to spend with Bedelia, Ronan, and Deidre. They were all quickly becoming friends. Over fifty new elementals had emerged in the past year and Quinn estimated that at least four hundred now existed, the largest number they had ever known.
Cedric showed his incredible skill, advancing easily to the final round and winning the tournament. Trevor advanced past the first round, but he did not make the finals. Everyone thought he did extremely well for his first tournament and reminded him that he still had the tournament in Cathal ahead of him this year.
Cedric’s prowess on the field was becoming a legend and many traveled to the fair just to see him in action. Stephen knew that when word reached the King of Cedric’s success this year he would be required to compete at the Royal Tournament in the summer. Stephen felt that he should also make an appearance at court, although he dreaded the journey.
The last night of the fair was beautiful, but both Cedric and Stephen were anxious to return home and the banquet seemed to last forever. They both sought their beds early and were up at first light. It was a quiet crowd that departed for home that morning, exhausted from a lack of sleep. Stephen had spoken little since the news of his mother’s death, but as they journeyed home in the warm spring air he finally confided in his friend.
“You know.” Stephen began. “I can count on one hand the number of times she has spoken to me since my father died.”
“When was the last time you saw her?” Cedric asked, knowing that she had not ventured out of her chamber since the night she had come down to order Stephen to marry.
“Just after the twins were born.” Stephen replied. “When she demanded that I never bring the twins to see her again I left her presence. After that I never entered her room again.”
Cedric didn’t know what to say to his friend. He could sense his friend’s pain, but he was secretly glad that the woman had finally died and could hurt him no more. Neither man ever broached the subject again.
They were all happy to be reunited upon their return and Stephen and Cedric couldn’t hear enough reports of what the babies had accomplished while they were gone. Moira swore that the twins were smiling and then, to everyone’s astonishment, both twins smiled up at their father to prove it. Cedric swooped Keane up into his arms and then high up above his head to the infant’s delight. Keane cooed and giggled charmingly as Alana admonished Cedric to be careful. He simply grinned down at her before tucking Keane up against his side under one arm and putting his other around his wife before leaving to get something to eat. Moira and Stephen joined him shortly, each carrying a twin and Bryan and Evelyn remained for another two days before returning home with their sons. 
Stephen’s prediction proved accurate and only a fortnight passed before he received a command from the King for Cedric to participate in the Royal Tournament held in the city of Cathal at the end of June. The men were reluctant to leave when the time came for their journey to Cathal and they delayed as long as possible. Eventually, they had to leave, and they set out before their wives even rose from their beds. Once again, Cedric easily won, and they rushed home as soon as they could break away from the festivities.
The rest of the year passed quickly as the babies all grew. They all celebrated Keane’s birthday in September, amazed at how quickly time had passed. Despite their plans to attend the winter festival in Cathal, the weather turned foul just a week before they were scheduled to leave, and it did not let up until early in March. As the deep winter continued, Stephen worried about the effect it might have on the fair.
As it turned out, he had cause for concern. The weather was cold and rainy when they set out for Weatherton, so bad that both women decide to remain behind again. Cedric was disappointed with his performance in the early matches, but he still managed to advance. Eventually, he won the tournament as expected and Stephen assured him that he had never worried about the outcome. 
The night of the final banquet was cold and windy, and everyone left the banquet early to seek the warmth of their beds. Throughout the tent city, fires flickered in the wind which shrieked eerily through the tents and the surrounding forest. Many felt that the night had an evil air suggesting a bad omen. Well after midnight, Stephen awoke abruptly form a restless sleep to the acrid smell of smoke. He immediately rose from his bed and began pulling on his clothes. Before he had even finished dressing, the sound of shouts and screams interrupted the night.  Cedric met Stephen in the main area of the tent, having been aroused from his slumber by the screams, and the two headed out into the cold night.
Immediately, both men spotted an orange glow over the forest to the south of town. The fire was enormous, creating a glow which lit up the night for miles around. They had only been outside for a moment when a guard came running up.
“The fire is spreading rapidly, Your Grace.” The guard panted. “It is expected to reach the outskirts of town within the hour.”
“Evacuate the town.” Stephen ordered. “Have our horses brought forward immediately.”
The guard rushed away to do Stephen’s bidding; leaving Stephen and Cedric temporarily alone.
“We have to do something.” Cedric said, turning to Stephen.
“Go get our horses, we’ll round up as many of the other elementals as possible. I’ll order the guards to organize people to create a fire break and to soak the outlying houses with water.” Stephen replied.
“That ought to distract them while we work.” Cedric said as Stephen nodded in agreement.
Both men stopped talking as more guards approached and requested orders. Stephen immediately directed the men to gather into two teams. One to create a fire break along the southern edge of the town and the other as a water brigade. By the time he finished issuing orders, a guard arrived with their mounts. Everyone was so busy that they did not notice that Stephen and Cedric rode in the opposite direction of the fire. They reached the black tent in only a few minutes.
Already, a large group of elementals had gathered outside the tent and Lord Nolan was rounding up horses. Stephen motioned for Bedelia to ride with him and Ronan quickly helped her mount the horse behind Stephen as another man helped Deidre onto Cedric’s horse. In no time, each horse carried two elementals and the large force of men and woman galloped off into the night behind Stephen and Cedric. They led the elementals around to the west, just inside the trees and out of sight. In only a few minutes the group reached the outer edge of the fire. The roar of the flames was deafening, and the heat burned upon their skin. They all quickly dismounted, and a few riders gathered the reins for all of the horses and led them safely away. 
“Waters with Ronan to the far left, winds center with me, earths with Deidre on my right, and fires here with Bedelia.” Stephen shouted and the crowd rushed to do his bidding.
After only a moment the groups had gathered as instructed and Stephen went from group to group issuing instructions. He started with the fires.
“Spread out along the edge and try to suppress the flames.” Stephen yelled at the group of fires, before turning to address the waters without waiting to see his orders followed. “Spread out and create rain over the northern edge. Make sure that you get the trees at least ten feet ahead of the fire soaked with the rain.” He bellowed as the waters rushed to work. “Do everything you can to raise dust over the flames and knock down trees to create a fire break.” Stephen commanded the earths who quickly fanned out. Finally, Stephen turned to the winds. “Divide in half, one group work to knock down trees with the earths and the other use all of your energy to direct the fire back against itself.”
Cedric led the group of winds working to create fire breaks and Stephen took charge of the winds working directly on the flames. He spread his arms and pushed forward concentrating all his might as a terrific wind rose up ahead of him and barreled toward the flames as the earth shook at his feet and rain began to fall all around.
Little by little the flames began to die as they lost fuel and were forced back over the already charred ground. By the time the last of the flames were extinguished, the entire group drooped from exhaustion. Despite their fatigue, the elementals were jubilant. It was the largest task a group of elementals had ever undertaken, and they were all ecstatic with their success.  Stephen sent for the horses and the weary group made their way back through the forest to the black tent. From there the group separated eager for the comfort of their beds. Stephen and Cedric returned to their tent just as the guards began to gather. There was no hiding Stephen and Cedric’s sodden and sooty clothing. 
“Your Grace, are you alright?” One of the guards called when he spotted him.
“We are both fine.” Stephen said with a dismissive wave. “We rode out to check the scope of the fire.”
“What happened Your Grace? The fire seemed to just die out before our eyes.” Another guard asked.
“A great rain fell over the flames, it was truly a miracle.” Stephen replied and the guards all nodded in agreement. “Inform the townspeople that it is safe to return to their homes and then seek your own beds, we start for home in the morning.” Stephen commanded before he and Cedric disappeared inside the tent.
The fair ended on a high note after the town was spared in what everyone agreed was a miracle and the group quickly packed things up and started on their journey home. They were relieved that the long fair was over and excited to see their wives and children again. No one was surprised when Cedric again received the King’s command that he attend the Royal Tournament. As the time approached, he grew more and more excited, but nervous as well. He had not done well in the early part of the games at the fair and he worried that the stronger competition in Cathal would be his undoing. He didn’t want to disappoint Stephen and his home province of Larcond. Stephen merely laughed and reminded him that he had already faced the best the land had to offer and beaten them twice before. Stephen and Cedric spent every day, even when the weather was poor, on the training field honing Cedric’s skills.
The soldiers all competed to gain Stephen’s notice in the hopes that he would allow them to ride escort, or even enter the tournament themselves. Stephen did grant a small number permission to compete and chose his personal escorts from the rest. He planned on a larger escort than normal because Moira, Alana, and the boys would be accompanying them. Cedric and Stephen had decided that they couldn’t stand such a long time apart.
It was a happy and excited group that departed the castle a week and a half before the tournament was scheduled to begin. If the weather held, the group would reach the tournament fields just outside the city a few days before the official start of the games. Moira was looking forward to the extra time with her parents and Stephen planned to use the time to brief the King on the affairs of the province. The weather seemed to favor the happy group and they rode into the royal city four days ahead of the games. Despite their early arrival, the fields around the tournament grounds were already alive with color from a thousand tents. While Stephen’s guards and servants set up his tent in its reserved location close to the tournament grounds, Moira and Stephen headed through town to visit her parents. Stephen sent a messenger to notify the King of his arrival and received word officially welcoming him to court and requesting that he and his guests attend a private banquet with the King the next night. Later that day, Moira received a private missive from the Queen requesting that she personally ensure that the babies attended the banquet as well.
The next day passed quickly and the large group arrived outside the King’s private dining chamber at the appointed hour. They were escorted in and took their places around the table. The entire group rose from their places and bowed when the King and Queen entered. Maddox laughed and bade them to relax and return to their seats as a small group of minstrels quietly began playing and servants entered carrying enormous platters piled with every imaginable delight. 
After the meal, the group retired to an adjoining parlor where Leahnia exclaimed over the children and insisted on holding all three of them throughout the night. It was apparent to all that she loved babies, but that she lost her heart to baby Evan. She lamented the fact that she and the King had only been blessed with one child and apologized that he was away from the castle. She promised them that he would be in the stands for the games.
While the women played with the children and discussed the role of motherhood, the men talked of nothing but the games ahead. Maddox told Cedric that he fully expected him to win and would be not appreciate being disappointed. He also promised to reward Cedric with whatever he had within his power to grant if he won. Stephen laughed at Cedric’s obvious discomfort and accurately decided that his friend’s nervousness about the upcoming competition must have just tripled. It was a pleasant night and they were all sorry to see it end. Both the King and Queen garnered a promise from the group that they would share another private meal before they left for home after the games. They parted company in laughing spirits as Stephen and Maddox planned to meet officially for Kingdom business the next afternoon.
At their meeting the next day, the King was impressed with how much Stephen had already increased the value of his holding and asked for Stephen to meet with his own advisors regarding possible changes to all the major fairs in the Kingdom along the lines of those taking place in Larcond. It was an encouraging meeting for Stephen as he learned that despite his young age, he was not only succeeding, but excelling in his new role.
The official start of the fair dawned bright and warm, without a cloud in the sky. As with most tournaments, the archery contests led off the games. Stephen had sent for the young archer from Calder to represent Larcond at the games and he merely nodded his head at the laughter and teasing he received as the boy entered the field. However, the laughter soon died away as the boy quickly distanced himself from the rest of the competition to soar into second place overall. The champion carried the lad on his shoulders, deeply impressed with the lad’s skill and the King invited the boy to watch the rest of the games from the royal platform. The young archer beamed with pleasure and quickly accepted the King’s proposal.
The next morning, the early jousting competition and the sword competitions began. Cedric did not have a match until the end of the day, so he spent the morning sitting with Alana and the young archer explaining the rules of each game. After lunch, Cedric disappeared as he left to prepare himself for his coming match and Stephen took over entertaining the group. They all waited in anticipation for the new legend of Larcond to take the field. Cedric did not disappoint them and won all his matches that first day with ease. Everyone was thrilled when Trevor advanced as well.
The next day, they all took their places on the royal platform looking out over the field. By the end of the day, Cedric had assured his place in the final round and Trevor was pleased to have advanced four places higher than his final position in Larcond. The next day, nearly one hundred thousand people crowded into the stands and the grassy areas surrounding the tournament fields for the final matches. Stephen was surprised that the Prince was not in attendance. The King and Queen made apologies for him, but Stephen got the impression that the young man was a disappointment to his parents.
Everyone was on pins and needles as the first matches began and the horses and knights charged down the field. Cedric easily won his place in the final match and he had a few hours to wait and study each opponent before the final joust. Eventually, he learned that his opponent would be an up and coming knight from Jostlen Province. After a short break, Cedric and the other knight took their places at opposite ends of the field to the roaring cheers of the crowd. The King laughed as Stephen’s nerves forced him out of his chair and down to the rail to watch. Moira, Alana, and the whole Tiernan family joined him at the rail, all cheering Cedric on. When the flag dropped, the cheers died off and the sound of the charging horses filled the air. The crowd let out a collective gasp as the lances struck with tremendous impact. It was over in a second, but it was a moment longer before the crowd realized what their eyes had seen and began cheering riotously. Cedric had unseated his opponent on the very first pass, ending the tournament with one powerful thrust; managing to stay on his horse despite the powerful blow he had received from his opponent’s lance. The crowd went wild and even the King rose to his feet to cheer at the spectacular finale.
With all the excitement around them, it was a moment before anyone realized that Alana had fainted. It was the Queen who noticed first, and she quickly motioned for Moira to join her at the young woman’s side. The two women patted her wrists and fanned her face as they encouraged her to awaken. The rest of the group noticed just as Cedric rode up to the royal platform. At first, Cedric was confused when everyone turned away as he arrived, but he quickly noticed the still form at their feet. He bounded off his horse and vaulted up and over the rail before pushing the others aside so that he could reach his wife.
“Alana.” He whispered gently as he knelt awkwardly in his armor by her side. She still did not move, and Cedric shifted over and gently lifted her into his arms, cradling her head against the steel armor covering his chest. “Alana, please wake up.” He whispered before glancing pleadingly at Evelyn.
Evelyn paused for only a moment before she discreetly reached down and grasped Alana’s wrist. Evelyn’s eyes fluttered for a moment and then opened brightly just as Alana began to stir in Cedric’s arms. Her eyes slowly opened, and she looked around with a befuddled expression before she realized that she was lying in Cedric’s arms. For a moment, Cedric feared that she would faint again, but she seemed to gain her strength quickly.
“Are you all right?” He whispered as he stared down into her eyes. Alana nodded her head as her cheeks flamed red with her embarrassment. Cedric smiled down at her before slowly rising with her in his arms. He strode over to the rail with Stephen on his heels. He gently placed Alana in Stephen’s arms before leaping back over the rail and climbing back on his horse. He rode right up next to the rail along the royal platform and Stephen handed her back to him amid the roars of delight from the crowd. Cedric galloped from the field with his prize cradled in his arms. He rode straight for the Larcond tent where he gently lowered Alana to the ground without saying a word to her. After she was safely on her own two feet, Cedric turned toward the guard at the entrance of the tent.
“See to it that she doesn’t leave.” Cedric ordered before galloping back toward the tournament grounds. The guard swept the tent flap out of Alana’s way in a deliberate hint that she should immediately obey Cedric’s orders. Alana sighed and went into the tent, more embarrassed than ever before in her life.
Cedric galloped back on to the field to the continuing cheers of the crowd who were enjoying the additional excitement. Everything on the royal platform had returned to order and the King and Queen were in position and waiting to present the awards as the champions from the various events took their places. Cedric left his horse with a page next to the royal box and took his place with the others. The ceremony was quickly over, but Cedric had trouble concentrating and had to be nudged by the champion swordsman on his right when it came time for him to step forward and receive his prize. Immediately after the ceremony, Cedric regained his mount and rode back to the tent. Tossing the reins to the guard as soon as he left his horse’s back, Cedric strode through the flap without pausing.
It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the darkness inside the tent, but he quickly spotted Alana sitting quietly in one of the chairs off to the side of the tent’s entrance. She looked so nervous and frightened that Cedric feared she might bolt from her chair at any moment. He quickly strode over and knelt on one knee in front of her, staring into her face, but she refused to return his gaze.
“What’s wrong?” Cedric asked after a moment’s hesitation.
“Nothing.” Alana replied while still refusing to look him in the eye.
“Would you care to tell me what happened?” Cedric asked softly.
“I got too excited and I fainted.” She replied with a shrug.
“Do you really expect me to believe that?” Cedric asked as he gently reached up and forced her to look at him.
“Would you believe that I’m with child?” Alana asked quietly, still not looking him in the eye.
Cedric studied his wife. “Why is it that you don’t seem very pleased that you’re going to have another baby?” he finally asked, his worry evident in his tone.
Alana finally looked at him, “I thought you’d be angry.”
“Why would I be angry?”
“Because I knew before we left, but I was afraid you wouldn’t let me come if I told you,” she answered sheepishly as she looked away again.
Cedric laughed and pulled her into his arms, “You’re right. I should be mad, but I’m just so happy that I don’t really care.” Alana looked up at her husband and finally smiled. The two held each other for quite some time, only separating as Stephen and Moira entered through the tent flap. Stephen and Moira both stopped talking and stopped to stare at the couple in front of them as the flap swept closed behind them.
“Something you want to share with us?” Stephen asked glancing between their faces and arching an eyebrow.
Cedric gave Stephen and Moira a slow smile and nodded his head. “I think congratulations are in order.” He replied.
“Didn’t get enough from the crowds?” Stephen joked as Moira nudged him in the ribs.
“Alana just told me that we’re going to have another baby.” Cedric replied.
“Congratulations!” Stephen and Moira both said at the same time as Stephen came forward and shook Cedric’s hand while Moira gave her friend a hug.
Before returning home, the group shared another private banquet with the King and Queen. The King and Queen were delighted to hear that Cedric and Alana would soon have another child. It was a lighthearted meal, and all agreed that it was over too quickly. The next morning a jubilant crowd departed Cathal for the long journey home. 

Chapter 14
The travelers arrived home to resounding cheers from the peasants lining the road up to the castle. Word had spread quickly through the kingdom of Cedric’s spectacular victory. The entire castle staff was lined up outside waiting to greet everyone on their return. When they passed through the gates the people let out a deafening cheer and thunderous applause. Cedric didn’t know what to think about the spectacular greeting and Stephen laughed at his blushing face. All the inhabitants were thrilled to hear that Alana was once again expecting. It didn’t take long for life to return to normal in the castle. Stephen and Cedric spent their days training in the fields, and Alana and Moira spent their time either sewing or playing with the children. 
In August, Stephen and Cedric were down on the training fields when one of the castle pages came running across the field toward them. As soon as he arrived, he announced between gasps for air that a royal messenger had arrived and was waiting for Stephen in the hall. Stephen looked at Cedric in concern and both men quickly discarded their weapons and headed for the hall. When they arrived, they quickly spotted the messenger, in full royal regalia standing before the fireplace studying the ancient tapestry hanging above it. He turned as soon as he heard the commotion created by their arrival.
“Your Grace,” he said with a deep bow. “I have an urgent message from the King.” As he spoke, he walked toward Stephen and handed him a letter bearing the King’s seal.
Stephen glanced at Cedric as he opened the letter and then stood quietly before both men as he read the contents. Cedric knew that the letter was not good news when he saw the muscle ticking in Stephen’s jaw. As soon as he finished, Stephen folded the letter and looked up, first at Cedric and then to the messenger. “Does the King require a response?”
“He requests an approximate arrival time.”
“Tell him we will leave here in one week. With good weather, we should arrive in Cathal near the end of the next week.” The messenger bowed low to Stephen once again and asked to be excused. Stephen quickly granted the man’s request and he and Cedric watched him leave.
“What’s going on?” Cedric asked as soon as the door closed behind the messenger and the two were alone.
Stephen handed Cedric the letter, “The King commands that we march for Cathal with all my men. There is an uprising in Gorsedd.”
Cedric stared at Stephen in shock, the letter still folded in his hand. “What about the castle, we can’t leave it unprotected.”
“I’m allowed to leave a security force behind,” Stephen said as he walked over to the head table and poured himself some ale. “Have a list of the men who will remain to protect the castle drawn up, we’ll make the announcement as soon as it’s ready.”
“What about Moira and Alana?”
“We’ll tell them as soon as we tell the men.” Stephen answered and Cedric nodded. He quickly set about drawing up a list of men as Stephen went to speak with the Blair about the needs of the castle while he was away. At the top of his list was the annual court he was supposed to oversee in a few weeks. Blair rapidly suggested that he appoint Lord Nolan to oversee the court and Stephen dispatched a messenger as soon as they finished their meeting. Stephen’s men displayed a range of emotions regarding the news that they were going to war. Some, mostly the young unattached soldiers, were thrilled with the news, while the older, seasoned warriors were quiet and contemplative. All his men immediately set about preparing for their departure.
When Stephen and Cedric returned to the hall, both of their wives were waiting for them. It hadn’t escaped either of their notice that the castle was unusually active, and they had heard that a royal messenger had been and gone. Neither man felt up to dealing with both women at the same time and they quickly ushered their wives to their private chambers.
“All right, we’re alone. Now will you tell me what’s going?” Moira said as soon as Stephen closed the door behind them.
Stephen cleared his throat, he had been dreading this all afternoon. “The King has called us to war.” Moira’s face paled and she stumbled backward until she reached one of the chairs. Blindly, she felt for the right position and sat down as Stephen approached and knelt before her. “There is an uprising in Gorsedd.”
“When will you leave?” Moira asked, finally recovering herself enough to speak.
“It will take about a week to gather everything we’ll need and square things away here.” Moira nodded her head as Stephen pulled her into his arms, “I’ll be fine, and please don’t worry.” Moira nodded, she couldn’t explain it, but she had a very bad feeling about the whole thing.
A week later, Moira and Alana stood on the steps of the castle together as they watched their husbands lead Stephen’s men through the gates. Stephen and Moira had held each other close long into the night, savoring the time that they had together. As he passed under the gate, he looked back at her until he passed out of sight beyond the gate.
“Did you tell him?” Alana asked as the last of the soldiers passed under the gate.
Moira thought of the child she had recently realized she was carrying, “No. I just couldn’t add more for him to worry about.”
Alana chuckled, “They could be gone for a very long time. What are you going to do, welcome him home and introduce a child he never even knew existed at the same time?”
Moira smiled at the picture Alana painted. “Hopefully, this will all be over quickly, and I’ll tell him when he returns.”
“And if it isn’t?” Alana asked as the two women turned and headed back into the castle.
“Then I’ll write to him and tell him,” Moira said sadly.
Stephen and Cedric made better time than expected on their journey to Cathal and they marched into the city to the cheers of throngs of people only five days after they left Larcond. They received word at the palace that the troops were staging in the fields outside the Duke of Cathal’s castle a couple of hours west of the city and immediately headed there. Several thousand troops were already waiting in the fields surrounding the castle when they arrived. Stephen left Cedric to oversee setting up camp for their men and he headed for the castle. As soon as he arrived, he learned that the King was waiting in the hall.
Stephen strode into the noisy hall and amidst all the noise and confusion had a moment to survey the hall before him. He quickly spotted the King surrounded by the Dukes from Cathal, Jostlen, and Idelisa. They were studying papers spread before them at the head table across the hall.
“Stephen!” 
Stephen turned at the sound of his name and his face broke into a grin, “Malcolm!” Stephen said as he and Malcolm gave each other a manly hug. “I’d hoped to see you.”
“Under better circumstances, I’m sure.”
Stephen nodded wryly, “what’s happening?”
“It’s a family squabble if you can believe it.”
“What?” Stephen said in surprise as he noticed the King waving him over. The two men headed across the hall as their conversation continued.
“The Duke of Gorsedd’s brother, Desmond, is challenging his right to succession. He has taken the castle and is holding Mabon and his family hostage.”
“But the King confirmed Mabon’s right just after his father’s death, by law the matter is not open for debate.”
“I know, but Desmond claims that Mabon is illegitimate and that the King made his decision without all of the facts.” Stephen looked at Malcom incredulously, but he didn’t have time to ask any more questions.
“Stephen, I’m glad you’re here. Have you been briefed?” Maddox asked as Stephen and Malcolm approached.
“On the cause, but not the plan, Your Majesty.”
“We’re working on the plan as we speak, we could use your advice.” The King said as he gestured to the maps and troop lists spread on the table around him. Stephen glanced around the table and realized that he and Malcolm were the youngest men present. Privately, he wondered where the Prince was. It was the first uprising in two centuries and the Prince was nowhere in sight. Stephen sent a steward to fetch Cedric and he settled in to work.
“How many men does he have?”
Sloan answered, “A couple hundred at most, but the castle is well fortified.” 
“And he has threatened to kill the Duke and his family if we attack.” Maddox added.
Stephen nodded his head in understanding and picked up the map that displayed the castle and the surrounding area.  He studied it for several minutes before he returned it to the table and picked one of the reports. 
“Do we know how well the castle was provisioned before the attack?”
“The old Duke was a bit paranoid, he kept the castle well supplied. I would expect that they have enough to last for several months if not a year.” Jarvis replied.
Stephen studied Jarvis without speaking until the duke grew nervous under his intense gaze and looked away, unaware of what he had done wrong. Stephen always kept his own castle well provisioned. Preparedness was not paranoia in Stephen’s mind. The other men were silent as he worked. It wasn’t long before Cedric arrived and quietly began studying the reports Stephen picked out from those on the table and handed to him.
Stephen glanced up when he realized someone was standing beside him, “Trevor! I thought you were with your father!” Stephen said as he placed his arm around his brother-in-law and gave his shoulders a squeeze.
“I still have a year left under my contract with the Duke,” Trevor said with a nod toward Sloan.
“And we’ll be sorry to see him go, I assure you,” Sloan answered.
Stephen patted Trevor’s shoulder and went back to work. Nearly two hours passed before Stephen put the last report down and picked the first map back up again.  He studied it again for several minutes, putting all the pieces together in his head.
“You realize, Your Majesty, that there is little hope that we will be able to rescue the Duke and his family alive?” He asked the King as he handed the map to Cedric.
“I want every effort made to avoid their deaths.”
Stephen nodded his head and sighed, this was not going to be over anytime soon. “The topography precludes a surprise attack, I recommend a siege.”
“But he said that he would kill them if we attacked,” Jarvis interjected.
Stephen looked at the man with barely concealed disgust, “I didn’t say attack, I said siege. We trap them in the castle and wait it out. There is a hill to the southwest of the castle, if we set-up our headquarters there we should have a good view of the inner bailey and the ramparts.” Stephen said as he gestured to the position he wanted on the map.
“That will give us time to study the castle’s defenses and determine if there is a way to sneak in and out,” Cedric added. 
“And allow for continued diplomatic efforts to resolve the conflict,” Maddox added and Stephen nodded.
“I must warn you, Your Majesty,” Cedric added as he tossed the map back on the table. “I agree with Stephen, it will take a miracle for the Duke to come out of this alive.”
“I pray that you’re both wrong,” the King said sadly. As the group began working on plans for the siege to come, Stephen quickly wrote a letter to Moira telling her of his suspicions that he and his men would be gone for much longer than any of them had anticipated. Three days later, each of the Dukes set out with their men for Gorsedd. Officially, Sloan Raighne, the Duke of Cathal, led the army as the highest representative of the King, but all the men and the other dukes looked to Stephen and Cedric for guidance, their abilities were well-known throughout the kingdom despite their youth.
The ducal castle in Gorsedd was situated on the far western coast near the desert along the southern border with Jostlen. It took nearly two weeks before Stephen and the rest of the army made camp just out of sight of the castle. The following two days were spent in planning as soldiers scouted out the area surrounding the castle and brought back reports for Stephen and the other Dukes. By the third day, the trumpets sounded, and the army marched out, quickly surrounding the castle, but remaining out of range from the archers on the castle’s ramparts. By the end of the day, soldiers were positioned around the entire castle and there was no way anyone could enter or leave without being seen. The headquarters was set up on the hill that Stephen had recommended.
That night, Stephen and Cedric joined Sloan and Malcolm in their tent for the evening meal. They entered the tent just as Sloan was dispatching a messenger to the King with news of their progress. Stephen and Cedric waited patiently as Sloan finished his letter. “How’s this?” Sloan asked as he handed Stephen the brief he had prepared for the King.
Stephen quickly scanned the missive and then handed it back to Sloan, “Good, I don’t think you left anything out.”
Sloan nodded and then sealed the letter with his personal seal before handing it to the waiting messenger. With a bow, the messenger quickly departed. “Won’t you join me?” Sloan asked as he gestured to the table, already bearing selections of lamb and various side dishes. The threesome sat down just as Malcolm entered and joined them. They spent the rest of the evening going over their progress over the past few days and of their plans for the coming days and weeks. It was late into the night before any of them sought the comfort of their beds.
Several weeks passed uneventfully and the army settled into a routine. A select group of soldiers spent their days watching everything that happened within the castle walls while the rest took turns manning the lines surrounding the castle or training to keep in shape in the fields behind the line. Every night, Stephen and Cedric poured over reports from the soldiers watching the castle, searching for any sign of weakness or pattern that they could exploit to enter the castle undetected. So far, nothing had presented itself.
Nearly two months after they had made camp and surrounded the castle, Stephen and Cedric were sitting in their tent sharing a quiet meal when a soldier arrived to tell them that Sloan was requesting their presence in his tent immediately. Stephen and Cedric exchanged curious glances but quickly got up from their table and ordered their horses brought forward. They didn’t have long to wait, and they mounted their stallions as soon as they arrived before heading off for the Duke of Cathal’s tent situated along the main road heading into the castle. Despite the cover of darkness, they didn’t take any chances by cutting across the open ground between the encamped soldiers and the castle’s walls. Instead, they circled behind the lines, arriving only fifteen minutes after they received the summons.
A soldier waited outside the tent when Stephen and Cedric arrived, and he ran forward to take their reins as both men dismounted and headed through the tent flap. Once inside, they were surprised to discover a small group of guards surrounding a single, nervous looking man carrying a white flag standing silently before Sloan and Malcolm. Sloan quickly waved both men forward as soon as they came through the flap and they skirted the group of soldiers to take the two open seats next to the Duke and his son.
Sloan turned and leaned toward Stephen and Cedric as they leaned closer to hear what he had to say. “A little over an hour ago, the drawbridge lowered, and this one man came out bearing the white flag of truce. We allowed him to approach slowly along the road until we could safely search him. He bears no weapons and claims to have a message from Desmond.”
“Did you find a message on him?” Stephen asked.
“No, he claims that he is to relay the message personally. I thought to wait until you had arrived so that we could hear it together.” Stephen nodded and all three men relaxed back into their chairs and turned their attention back to the man standing before them and nervously wringing his hands. Stephen wondered if the man even realized he was doing it. “Very well, let’s hear this message,” Sloan said with a wave of his hand.
“Thank you, Your Grace,” the messenger stuttered. “My Lord, Desmond, requests to speak with an envoy from the King in the hopes that this unfortunate misunderstanding might have a speedy and peaceful solution.”
Sloan glanced at Stephen with an incredulous expression before he turned back to the messenger. “Unfortunate misunderstanding? I’m sure his Grace, Duke Mabon views the situation differently.” 
The man shifted nervously, “that is exactly why my Lord Desmond wishes to share his views on the matter. Perhaps, with all of the facts the King might view this whole situation differently.”
“What does Desmond request from us?”
“As the King’s representative, he asks that you come to the castle and speak with him under a flag of peace.”
“Out of the question, does Desmond think I am a fool?”
Malcolm quickly leaned over and whispered in his father’s ear, “we can’t just dismiss this offer, Father, it might be our only chance.”
Sloan turned to speak with his son as Stephen leaned around behind him so that he could hear as well. Cedric took the opportunity to study the man before them knowing that Stephen would fill him in later. “If I go and it is a trap then he will hold two peers of the realm. We can’t afford that.”
Malcolm was quiet for a moment, “send me.”
“Absolutely not.” Sloan hissed adamantly.
“It makes sense, I don’t yet rank in the line of succession, but Desmond would know that you would trust what I say implicitly.”
He has a point,” Stephen regretfully added.
Sloan looked at his son intently before he turned back to the messenger. Both Stephen and Malcolm exchanged a glance before they too turned back to the messenger. “The King would not approve of me taking such a risk. However, my son is willing to take my place.”
“Would he have the authority to speak for you?”
“In every way,” Sloan answered with a brisk nod.
The messenger thought for a moment before answering, “I think my Lord Desmond would agree to the substitution.”
“I have another condition. My son will travel with an armed escort, or he will not go at all.”
“We had anticipated such a request and I have already been given permission to accept your condition.”
Sloan waved to the guards, “take him to a secure location for the night, my son will lead a peace envoy into the castle in the morning.” The messenger bowed to Sloan as the guards nudged him out of the tent. None of the men in the room spoke until after they were alone.
“What could Desmond possibly hope to gain by this?” Stephen asked as soon as he could safely speak.
Sloan shook his head, “obviously, he believes that his brother is illegitimate, it’s the only thing that makes sense.”
“What evidence could he possibly have that would force the King to change his mind?” Cedric asked.
“I guess that’s what I’m going to find out,” Malcolm added. Not long later, Stephen and Cedric departed for their own tent with the promise that they would return in the morning before Malcolm departed.
The next morning, Stephen and Cedric arrived just as Malcolm and his carefully selected guards prepared to leave. Stephen was half surprised to see that Trevor would be going with him. Trevor was an excellent warrior, Stephen had seen that for himself on several occasions, but he was also a peer of the realm. In Stephen’s mind, it seemed foolhardy to grant Desmond the opportunity to easily take two important hostages. However, he held his tongue. Technically, Trevor was still in the service of the Duke of Cathal and if Sloan ordered him to go with Malcolm there was nothing Stephen could do about it.
Sloan joined them outside as he conferred privately with his son just before Malcolm mounted his stallion and set out with his guards, the messenger on foot in front of them. Stephen, Cedric and Sloan watched from the entrance to Sloan’s tent as the small group headed down the road toward the castle. Everyone was on edge, and Stephen knew that all the soldiers around them were ready to attack at the first sign of trouble. It didn’t take long for Malcolm and his group to cross the open land and reach the castle. Stephen held his breath during the few seconds that Malcolm and his group waited awkwardly for something to happen. They weren’t kept waiting for long. Across the valley, Stephen heard the distant sound of metal scraping on metal and knew that the chain had been engaged and the giant metal gate was rising. Malcolm and his men soon disappeared inside the castle and the gate dropped back into place. Now there was nothing to do but wait.
Cedric and Sloan turned and entered the tent, but Stephen paused to study the castle before him. It was old, ancient even. If Stephen was correct, the castle was centuries older than his own home, and larger. Although, the castle itself appeared to have built upon the foundation of a far older building. Even from a distance, Stephen could see the difference in the stones at the base of the outer wall. This fact didn’t surprise Stephen. He had known since childhood that his home was not the original ducal holding. Centuries before, his family had moved the location of their stronghold closer to the province of Cathal. The move had allowed his ancestors greater control over the trade routes in and out of the province and had resulted in the wealth Stephen now possessed. No one knew exactly where the former stronghold had been located and most assumed that it had been destroyed to prevent anyone else from using it as a base from which to launch a revolt. After several minutes, Stephen sighed and joined the others inside the tent to wait.
Nearly an hour later, a soldier rushed into the tent to tell them that the gate was once again opening up. Stephen and the others jumped to their feet and raced out of the tent. They stopped just outside its entrance and stared at the group now emerging from beneath the gate. The group advanced slowly, each man riding slowly forward with his right arm outstretched to their side. They had previously established this as the signal that they were riding out alone. As soon as the riders were safely through the gate, the castle guards quickly lowered it behind them. Something didn’t seem right to Stephen and he did a quick head count. Malcolm had ridden out with five armed guards and six horses returned, but Stephen counted only five riders. The distance was still too great for him to determine who was missing. 
As the riders drew closer, Stephen realized that the rider-less horse carried a rider after all, draped over its back. He sucked in his breath in surprise just as Sloan took an involuntary step forward, having just noticed the same thing. The men waited impatiently as the riders slowly crossed the open space between their army and the castle. Stephen heard Sloan sigh deeply and he quickly realized that Sloan had recognized Malcolm leading the group. The men finally moved close enough for Stephen to see their faces and he quickly searched them. His heart felt like it stopped when he realized that he did not see Trevor. 
Malcolm didn’t say anything as he rode up to the tent and Stephen ignored him as he and Cedric rushed forward to the body lying across the horse at the rear of the group. He paused with his hand hovering just above the blanket covering the body, staving off disaster for a few seconds longer. His hand trembled slightly as he reached out and grasped the blanket between his fingers and pulled it back off the body. Quickly, he let the blanket fall back into place and rested his hand on the head beneath the covering. Spasms in his jaw gave the only visible sign that Stephen fought to maintain control as Cedric placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. 
“Stephen, come inside,” Sloan called from the entrance to his tent after he instructed a guard to care for Trevor’s body. Stephen gave one last look at his brother-in-law’s still form before he angrily turned and headed into the tent with Cedric following behind. Once inside the tent, Stephen didn’t sit, instead he leaned against the table and stared out into the room at large, the muscle in his jaw working overtime. Cedric followed him and leaned against the table next to him, offering his silent support. Malcolm crossed over and sat down heavily in one of the chairs, but his father stopped in the middle of the room and stared at his son. “What the hell happened?”
Malcolm looked up at his father’s angry face and then let his head fall back into his hands. “I’m not really sure. We hadn’t been there very long, and everything seemed to be going fine when I heard a commotion behind me.” Malcolm sighed heavily before continuing, “Trevor was already dying by the time I turned around. The guard who killed him claimed that Trevor had made a threatening move, but I don’t believe that.” Malcolm paused as if remembering, “it was all I could do to prevent an all-out battle from breaking out between my men and Desmond’s. Dillon claimed that Trevor was merely adjusting his sword on his belt which had shifted during the ride, but Desmond’s soldier was equally adamant that Trevor was about to draw his weapon.”
“What do you think happened?” Cedric asked coolly.
 Malcolm looked up at Stephen and Cedric, “Trevor knew what was at stake. Desmond’s men are all anxious and wound up, ready to fight. I think Desmond’s man saw what he wanted to see.” Cedric nodded his head in understanding of Malcolm’s explanation.
“Did you even meet with Desmond?” Sloan asked his son.
“Yes, he was present when it happened. He spent nearly ten minutes apologizing, but I don’t think he realized whose son Trevor was and I didn’t enlighten him.”
“What of his plans, did you find out anything?” Sloan asked as Stephen and Cedric remained quiet.
Malcolm nodded his head, “it’s as insane as we thought. He is basing all his actions on the word of his nursemaid from when he was a child. He has absolutely no real evidence.”
“The King will demand his head when he finds out that Trevor died under his protection. There can be no peaceful way out of this now,” Cedric replied.
“I agree,” Sloan added. “Does Desmond realize this?”
“I don’t think so, as a matter of fact, I got him to agree to bring the Duke and his family up onto the ramparts every day when the sun is highest in the sky as proof that he has not harmed them.”
Sloan grunted with satisfaction, “Smart. Your request will lead him to believe that negotiations are still ongoing.”
“And it will give the Duke and his family some time out of the dungeon where he is holding them.”
Cedric looked up at Malcolm’s words, “did you see them?”
Malcolm turned back to Cedric and Stephen, “I insisted on seeing that they were unharmed before leaving. The fool allowed a guard to escort me through the castle and down to the dungeons.”
Stephen spoke for the first time, “you need to draw the layout of everything you saw right now while it is still fresh in your mind.”
“I agree,” Sloan added. “Do it now,” he commanded as he gestured to some paper and ink on the table behind where Stephen and Cedric were standing. “As soon as you’re finished, I’ll dispatch a report to the King and a letter to the Tiernan’s notifying them of Trevor’s death.”
“I’ll do that,” Stephen said calmly.
“It’s my responsibility.”
“I said, I’ll do it,” Stephen replied firmly as he looked Sloan in the eye.
“Alright, while Malcolm works, I’ll go and arrange an escort to take the body back to his parents for burial.”
“I’ll have the letter to you by the time you’re ready to send your report.” Stephen said as he and Cedric strode from the tent. They quickly mounted their horses and set off for their own tent half-way around the encampment. Three hours later, a somber guard headed out from camp escorting the body of the young lord and carrying letters heading to the King in Cathal, the Tiernan Manor, and Larcond Castle.

Chapter 15
The weather was unseasonably cold for mid-October in Larcond and the fire raged merrily to stave off the chill from the night before. Alana was due to have her baby in only two months and Moira’s pregnancy had reached the half-way point and was now obvious to all who saw her. The women led quiet lives with Stephen, Cedric and nearly all of soldiers absent from the castle. The Nolans had stayed for several weeks after the annual court in August but had eventually gone home. Blair worked hard to keep the women happy, trying to find things with which to occupy their time, but his efforts were met with varying success. Still, both women appreciated everything that he did for them.
Moira was arranging flowers in the main hall the morning that Trevor died while Alana played with the children on the rug before the fire. Suddenly, Alana heard a crash and looked up. Moira was standing in the middle of the hall, her face pale white, the metal vase she had dropped forgotten at her feet. 
“Moira, what’s wrong?” Alana called as she struggled to her feet, but Moira didn’t answer. Alana quickly hollered for help as she rushed to her friend’s side. “Moira!” Alana said as she grasped her friend’s arm and shook it. “Please, tell me what’s wrong?”
Slowly, Moira turned and looked at her friend, her face blank with shock. “Trevor,” Moira whispered just before she crumpled to the stone floor at her friend’s feet.
“Help! Please help me!” Alana screamed as she knelt by her friend. To her relief, she heard shouts from elsewhere in the castle and the sound of many feet running across the stone in her direction.
Blair was the first to arrive, “What happened, my Lady?” He asked with concern as he knelt beside his mistress and gently turned her over so that he could make sure she was breathing.
“I don’t know. She suddenly stopped and dropped the vase, when I asked her what was wrong it was as if she didn’t hear me. Then she said her brother’s name and fainted.” Alana explained as she started to cry.
By now, several servants had arrived and some saw to the children while others helped Blair carry their mistress upstairs. Alana followed behind and then climbed onto the bed beside her friend as Blair gently tried to wake her up. It was several minutes before Moira regained consciousness and she was almost immediately inconsolable. Through her sobs the others learned that she somehow believed that her brother was dead. They all tried to comfort her and tell her that Trevor was probably fine, but there was nothing they could say to convince her. When Moira started insisting that she had to go to her parents, Blair put his foot down and promised to send a messenger immediately requesting news of her brother. Moira calmed somewhat with the promise, but both Blair and Alana knew that deep down she remained convinced that something horrendous had happened.
Two weeks later, a letter arrived from her mother telling her that everything was alright and as far as any of them knew the siege continued without bloodshed on either side. Moira was still not convinced and walked around the castle in a daze, startling at the slightest sound. Alana became increasingly worried about her friend’s health when her fear began to affect her appetite. Blair had the cooks prepare Moira’s favorite dishes, but she did little more than push the food around on the plate.
One week after Moira received the letter from her mother, an exhausted messenger arrived with a letter bearing Stephen’s seal. Both Alana and Blair were in the hall when Moira received the letter and they stood nearby as she opened it. Moira slipped her letter opener through the seal and carefully laid the small knife on the table behind her before she opened the letter. She was silent as she read, but her face drained even further of color and her hands began to shake. Blair caught her just as the letter slipped from her grasp and she fainted into his arms. As Blair lifted her into his arms, the messenger retrieved the letter and handed it to Alana. She quickly scanned the letter as tears filled her eyes.
“What does it say?” Blair called over his shoulder as he carried his mistress toward her chamber once again.
Alana took a deep breath, “Her brother was killed by one of Desmond’s men three weeks ago.”
Blair stopped and swung around, his charge still unconscious in his arms. He and Alana stared at each other. It had been three weeks since Moira declared that her brother had died. He glanced down at his mistress, worry etched across his face before he turned and headed up the stairs, with Alana right behind.
Two days later, another messenger arrived bearing a letter from Moira’s mother confirming that Trevor’s body had been returned home for burial. Her mother demanded that she come immediately, but both Alana and Blair felt that it wasn’t safe for Moira to travel in her condition. Eventually, Blair gained her permission to notify her parents of her condition as an explanation for not coming to them. He wasn’t surprised when Evelyn arrived two weeks later with plans to stay until after the baby arrived. Her father had wanted to come, but with the kingdom at war he was needed in Cathal.
Evelyn and Moira provided each other with the consolation they both needed in their time of grief. For Blair, the arrival of Evelyn doubled his concerns. Now, he didn’t have just one woman on his hands who practically refused to eat, but two. He was at his wits end caring for the two woman and Alana was of little help to him. She was due in a month and was finding the pregnancy exhausting.
Fortunately for him, the arrival of Alana and Cedric’s daughter solved all his problems. She arrived swiftly one night in the middle of December with little trouble for her mother. Alana named her Jennyfer after Cedric’s grandmother and the tiny infant was so sweet and calm that she quickly captured everyone’s attention and their hearts. Moira and Evelyn found that helping Alana with the baby distracted them from their own pain.
In early January, Cedric received a letter from Alana informing him of the birth of their daughter. Stephen congratulated him and ordered a special meal in celebration. The two lingered over their meal well into the night, talking of home and their children. Generally feeling homesick and tired of the long siege.
“I’m sorry you had to miss your daughter’s birth for this mess,” Stephen consoled his friend.
“At this rate, I’ll be consoling you in the same way next month,” Cedric said without thinking. He froze, realizing instantly that he had let the ale get to him. Alana had shared the news of Moira’s pregnancy with him, but she had also implored him not to tell Stephen because of Moira’s concern that it would distract him unnecessarily. 
Stephen stared at his friend as Cedric tried to hide behind his mug of ale. Finally, he reached out and pushed the ale away from Cedric’s face. “What don’t I know?”
Cedric sighed heavily and looked away; Alana was going to have his head. “Moira’s expecting, she didn’t want you to know.”
“Why the hell not?” Stephen raged.
“She didn’t want you to think about anything but what needs to be done here.”
Stephen thought about that a moment, it was so like her. She would never put her own needs before his. Cedric knew everything was alright when Stephen’s face broke out in a broad grin. “So, when am I to become a father again?”
Cedric smiled back, “sometime toward the end of next month.”
“Shall we drink to fatherhood?” Stephen asked as he raised his mug. Cedric wholeheartedly agreed and the two men clicked their mugs in toast.
The next morning, Cedric found Stephen sitting at the table going over several months of reports from the surveillance of the castle. Every now and then he paused to write something on a list beside him. He was so absorbed in his work that he didn’t notice when Cedric approached.
“You’re awfully busy this morning,” Cedric said as he took a seat across from Stephen.
Stephen glanced up at his friend before resuming his work, “I’m sick and tired of this war.”
“As am I, but that doesn’t explain what you’re doing.”
“We’re going in,” Stephen stated simply without looking up. He missed the astonished expression on his friend’s face and continued. “I’ve been looking over everything, I think we can sneak in over the southern wall just before Desmond brings the Duke and his family up to the ramparts.”
“Why then?”
“Just before he brings the Duke and his family up for us to see, he changes out his guards. Fortunately for us, he gets a power kick by making all of his men line up in front of the hall and parade before him.”
“Leaving the back wall undefended.”
“Exactly.” Stephen quickly outlined the rest of his plan and Cedric quickly agreed that it was the best chance they had. One of the best parts was that the Duke and his family would be out of their cells and easily snatched. As soon as the two men finished working on the plan, they headed out to see Sloan. It didn’t take much to convince him and the other Dukes of the plan, they were all homesick and eager for an end to the siege. Stephen and Cedric demanded that the soldiers launching the raid against the back wall come from their own men, but they agreed to one more member. Malcolm wanted revenge for Trevor’s death and both men eventually agreed to take him along.
A day and a half later everything was prepared and Stephen, Cedric, and Malcolm waited for the signal that the guards in the castle were lining up in the courtyard. It wasn’t long in coming and they quickly galloped across the open space between their line and the castle wall. They covered the distance quickly, assured that no one had spotted them when they arrived safely at the base of the stone wall without anyone sounding a cry of alarm. His men expertly used grappling hooks to raise rope ladders and the entire advance party was over the wall in a couple of minutes.
Once over the wall, the party spilt up into two groups. Stephen and Cedric led the group heading for the main gate. It was their job to raise the gate and defend their position until the rest of the army arrived. The second group, led by Malcolm because of his firsthand knowledge of the castle layout, headed toward the route they expected the Duke and his family to travel on their way up to the ramparts from the dungeon.
At the sight of Stephen and his knights, most of Desmond’s men threw down their arms and surrendered. Stephen and Cedric sped through the castle with little fighting, until he met Malcolm facing fierce resistance by the guards holding the Duke and his family prisoner. Together, the three warriors made quick work of the guards. Malcolm rushed to help the Duke, while Stephen helped his children, a boy, Bruce, of about 13, and his sister, Gwendolyn. She burst into tears when Stephen reached her and threw herself in his arms as he awkwardly patted her back. She was a pretty and petite thing, just a year younger than Moira and Stephen couldn’t imagine how hard the ordeal had been for her and her family.
Later that night, as they drank to their success with Duke Mabon and his family, even Stephen admitted that he had expected a much harder fight. As Desmond’s men surrendered, Stephen’s men quickly raised the gate and Sloan gave the order from across the field for the rest of the army to attack. Knights from every province barreled across the field and into the courtyard at full speed. Within minutes it was all over. Stephen’s only regret was that he didn’t kill Desmond before he was captured by some of Sloan’s men. Already, an armed escort was on its way toward Cathal with the prisoner in tow. However, Stephen had little to worry about. He knew that execution awaited Desmond at the hands of the King. He was relieved when Malcolm identified one of the bodies in the courtyard as the man who had killed Trevor.
Nearly a month later, Moira was sitting in the hall before the fire with her mother by her side. Alana had already gone to bed with the baby and the servants had taken the three boys to bed an hour before. The two women talked in low voices even though they were alone. It was a cold night and Evelyn pulled the shawl tighter around her shoulders. She glanced at her daughter, about to ask if her daughter needed a blanket, when she noticed that Moira’s forehead was beaded in sweat.
“Is there something wrong, my dear?” Evelyn asked with concern as she stood up and placed a hand on her daughter’s forehead to check for fever.
“I’m not ill mother,” Moira said softly.
Evelyn studied her daughter’s face closely and this time she noticed when Moira’s eyes clouded over with pain. “When did the pains begin?”
“A little before dinner.”
“Should we go upstairs?”
“I’d rather stay here for now.” Moira responded and Evelyn quickly agreed. She knew that this was hard for her daughter. She had hoped that Stephen would be home by now, when in fact they had not heard from him in nearly two months. Besides, she knew that Moira would eventually seek the privacy of her chamber when she was ready.
It was nearly two in the morning before Moira finally asked to go upstairs. Despite Evelyn’s concerns, Moira had refused to allow Evelyn to send for the midwife until now and she quickly roused a servant to fetch the midwife before she helped her daughter to her bed. Despite her advancing labor, Moira remained quiet throughout her ordeal. Only her silent tears and slow rhythmic rocking gave any indication of her suffering. By morning, Evelyn feared that something was wrong. Surely, the babe should have arrived by now. Alana joined them at first light when a servant informed her upon rising that Moira’s labor had begun.
Evelyn and Alana comforted each other as much as they comforted Moira in her agony. The midwife privately confided to Evelyn that Moira should have delivered by now but seemed to be holding back. Near noon, Moira was so exhausted that she slept deeply between contractions, waking only as the contractions reached their excruciating peaks. A commotion in the hall below disturbed Moira’s sleep and Alana went out to silence the source.
She stepped out into the hall and headed toward the stairs without looking over the railing. She figured she might as well check on the children while she was away from Moira’s side. She was half-way down the stairs before she looked up. Alana gave a surprised gasp of pleasure that Cedric heard from the landing by the door where he and Stephen were shedding their armor. He ran forward and caught her up in his arms and spun her around with joy as soon as he reached her. He was surprised when she pushed against his chest and he loosened his grip as she leaned around him.
“Stephen, Moira labors upstairs. It does not go well.” Alana called across the hall to Stephen. Without speaking, Stephen ran past them toward the stairs. He was upstairs and half-way down the hall before the two of them reached the bottom of the stairs.
Evelyn heard the door to the outer chamber open and close quietly, but she assumed it was Alana and did not look up. Moira was once again asleep, and Evelyn carefully bathed her sweaty brow. She didn’t stop until she felt a hand on her shoulder. Evelyn looked over her shoulder and gasped in relieved surprise when she realized Stephen was by her side. She quickly moved out of his way and he took her place by his wife.
In her stupor, Moira barely registered that someone else had taken her hand until she felt Stephen’s lips brush against her forehead. Her eyes fluttered open and she struggled to focus. Another contraction hit before it fully registered that Stephen was with her. Stephen held her hand despite her punishing grip, whispering words of comfort to her through the pain. As soon as the contraction ended, Moira immediately focused on Stephen’s face.
“Hello, my love,” Stephen whispered as he brushed her sweaty hair off her brow.
“You’re here,” she whispered back, her throat parched and her voice cracking.
Stephen leaned down and gently kissed her lips, “I’m here, my darling.”
Before Moira could speak again the next contraction hit, only this time she felt a tremendous urge to push. Stephen helped hold her shoulders and head as she instinctively began to bear down. Evelyn and the midwife loudly encouraged her as she pushed with each contraction. It wasn’t long before Moira gave a great gasp of pain as their daughter came screaming into the world. Despite their joy, they were all crying as they stared at the healthy, screaming infant. The midwife was so relieved that everything was alright that even she joined in.
“Is there something you want to tell me?” Stephen whispered in his wife’s ear. She looked at him with a puzzled expression and his eyes flicked to the infant and back to her face. Moira smiled weakly and snuggled up next to her husband. She was asleep before they placed her daughter in her arms.

Chapter 16
Seven years later
The smell of springtime was everywhere. A gentle breeze carried it across the land as the meadow grasses bent and swayed gently like an undulating ocean of soft green. In the center of the meadow a small boy played happily with a dog. The boy romped across the meadow with childish abandon, the dog happily bounding along at his side.
“Weylyn!” A distant voice shouted from the nearby village.
The boy sighed deeply and turned to look at the village. “Coming, father!” Weylyn trotted off toward the village before suddenly remembering the dog. He looked back over his shoulder, “Come on, boy.”
The dog sat in the middle of the field and cocked his head at the boy.
“Come on, stupid dog!” Weylyn shouted as he turned back to the dog.
The dog cocked his head the other way but didn’t come.
An evil grin crossed Weylyn’s face as he raised his hand toward the dog and snapped his fingers. Instantly, the dog burst into flames, his yelps of pain filling the meadow. Without a backward glance, Weylyn turned and trotted off toward the village as the animal’s cries faded behind him.
Weatherton Fair, Larcond Province
Stephen sat in his chair watching Evan playing on the rug before him; it was raining outside, and Evan had a cold. He had been angry when his mother told him he had to stay in the tent while his brother and Keane got to explore the different stalls at the fair. The three boys were nearly inseparable and had been since birth. Evan’s anger evaporated when he realized that meant he got to spend the day alone with his father, a rare treat for any of them.
Time seemed to be moving with incredible speed. Stephen couldn’t believe how quickly the children were growing up. He still felt just as young as he did before they were born. He didn’t understand how they could age so fast when he didn’t feel any older. Sure, this was Cedric’s last year competing in the games, but he and Stephen were still just as talented. Moira still looked just as young and beautiful, surely it hadn’t been as long as it seemed, Stephen mused.
Stephen waited for his next appointment as he stared at his son quietly playing with his little wooden horses and knights. He had been visiting with various people throughout the day, settling complaints and hearing proposals on all different matters. He dreaded this one most of all. A few weeks before, he had received a missive from his old tutor, Phelan, asking for an audience with him during the fair. Stephen hoped that his old tutor was not going to ask to teach his children. Stephen would never allow that man the privilege of educating their young, impressionable minds. Stephen’s musings were interrupted when the guard at the entrance came in to tell Stephen that Quinn had arrived and was requesting an audience with him. Stephen immediately motioned for the guard to let him enter and rose to greet his friend.
“How are you Quinn?” Stephen said warmly, extending his hand in greeting.
“I am well, Your Grace.” Quinn replied shaking Stephen’s hand.
“I thought that you were still in Gorsedd.” Stephen said as he gestured for Quinn to take a seat beside him.
“I was able to wrap things up there ahead of time.”
“And the new emergence, where you able to make contact?”
“Yes, Evelyn was right. The two are twins, about 10 years old.” Quinn said with a tired sigh. “It’s getting harder every year. They are emerging so young now that I am not sure how we can protect them when their parents aren’t elementals.”
“What are you doing about it for these two?”
“There are some elementals living nearby. I put them in touch with the twins and they promised to watch over them and teach them when the time comes.” Quinn said as he sat back heavily in the chair. “It’s the best we can do.” He shrugged. Stephen nodded and both men were quiet as they thought about the difficulties they would face as elementals emerged at younger ages. Stephen sighed heavily when the guard at the tent entrance announced that Phelan had arrived.  “Do you want me to leave?” Quinn asked.
“No.” Stephen answered. “I might need moral support on this one.” He said with a laugh as he gestured for the guard to allow Phelan entrance and then sat up straighter in his chair.
“Your Grace, it is an honor to finally see you again.” Phelan intoned as he bowed before him, completely ignoring Quinn. There was a young lad standing slightly behind him who so resembled Phelan that he could only be his son.
“Yes, it has been a long time. I hope you have been well.” Stephen replied, aware that Quinn had shifted in his chair and was staring intently at the new arrivals.
“I have prospered in our time apart.” Phelan replied pompously.
“Is this your son?” Stephen asked, gesturing toward the boy and hoping to steer the conversation away from Phelan’s chosen profession.
“Yes, Your Grace.” Phelan said as he motioned for the lad to come forward. 
The lad stepped up next to his father and bowed. “My name is Weylyn, Your Grace.” He said with the high-pitched voice of a lad no more than eleven or twelve years of age.
“And are you enjoying the fair?” Stephen asked the boy.
“Most certainly, Your Grace.” He nodded emphatically.
Your Grace,” Phelan interrupted. “I am actually here to see you on my son’s behalf.”
Stephen turned back to face Phelan and studied his face for a moment before asking, “And what is it that you seek?”
“The boy would like to become a knight, and everyone knows that there is no better house within which to train than that of Larcond.”
“You want me to take on your son as a squire?” Stephen asked incredulously. He had been asked this many times before, but usually from only the finest of families, or with boys showing extraordinary talent early on. Stephen and Cedric had become legends in their training abilities, and they could afford to choose only the best available.
“Yes, Your Grace.” Phelan replied with another small bow.
Stephen’s immediate thought was to reject the request out of hand, but as he studied the lad there was something about him which intrigued him. “Return to my tent tomorrow and I will have an answer for you.” Stephen said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
“Thank you, Your Grace.” Phelan said as both he and his son bowed and then quickly exited the tent.
Stephen sighed deeply, so lost in thought about the previous audience that he failed to notice Evan standing quietly at his side until the child laid his hand on his father’s arm. “Yes, my son?” Stephen asked as he turned to the boy with a smile.
“You don’t like that boy do you, father?” Evan asked while studying his father’s face.
“It’s not really the boy, Evan. It’s his father. I knew him a long time ago and I never really cared for his beliefs.” Stephen explained patiently, suddenly aware that he might have to be more careful around his children in the future. Evan nodded and went back to play with his toys as Stephen continued to watch him. Even at such a young age, Evan impressed him with his intuition. The child had a softness his brother lacked. He reminded Stephen of his mother and her ability to make anyone feel welcome.
“Why don’t you go play in the back of the tent for a little while?” Stephen suggested so that he and Quinn could speak privately. Evan nodded and did as he was told.
“What is it about the father that you don’t like?” Quinn asked, reminding Stephen of his presence.
“It’s complicated.” Stephen said with a deep sigh. “He was my tutor when you met me. The man was insufferable. He has the most archaic views of society. I can’t stand the thought of being connected to him in any way. I probably should have just turned him down immediately” He said heavily.
“I’m afraid it’s more complicated than even you know.”
“What is?” Stephen said, studying his friend’s face.
“The boy is an elemental.” Quinn stated simply, without preamble. Stephen stared at Quinn in shock, not wanting to believe him. He shook his head as if denying it could change things. “I’m sorry Stephen.” Quinn said. “There is no question. You just have to decide what to do about it.” Stephen was quiet for several minutes. The last thing in the world that he wanted was further contact with Phelan and he didn’t see how he could avoid it if he took on his son. At the same time, he had promised the society to help in any way possible and he now had a chance to shelter an elemental. “You know as your squire we could watch him and train him.” Quinn said, pointing out what Stephen was already thinking.
“I know.” Stephen said. “I don’t see that I have much of a choice. If I take him on, we can protect him.” He said as he sighed and rested his head in his hands.
"One heart…" Quinn started sensing Stephen's reluctance.
"I know, one people, one destiny." Stephen sighed.
The next day, Stephen informed Phelan that he would take on his son as a squire. He could tell that Weylyn was excited, but Phelan did not allow the boy to speak. Stephen spent the next few minutes making arrangements for the boy’s travel to the castle. Phelan promised to have Weylyn at his new home by the end of May, and Stephen was relieved when he finally left the tent. He settled business soon enough to make it for Cedric’s final matches of the day and he spent the rest of the day letting his stress melt away as he watched Cedric win.
The following day, Cedric won the final competition easily despite the other man’s youth and the entire family celebrated his victory. Cedric planned to enter the tournament at Cathal as his last competition. Stephen knew the King expected no less. The entire family would travel to Cathal for the first time in years. Usually, Stephen and Moira left the children at the castle for their safety when they traveled so far, but the Queen had sent Moira a letter asking her to bring them this year.
The twins had turned eight the past winter and Keane would be nine in the fall. Jennyfer and Etain were both seven. The Queen had not seen the children since the summer after Etain’s birth and was eager to see them all again. She felt that it was past time that the children were introduced to life at court. He didn’t have the heart to tell her that he felt the children were better off away from court for as long as possible. 
Stephen wished Bryan and Evelyn hadn’t skipped the fair this year because he could have used their advice, but Bryan had business with the King and Evelyn hadn’t wanted to travel alone. Owen was also in Cathal, preparing for the tournament in June. It would be his third year competing and he was expected to do well. He had chosen archery as his specialty and had an excellent chance of winning this year. Stephen had been surprised to learn that Owen had begun to glow white that spring. Evelyn had briefed Owen on the history of the elementals and taken him out to determine his power. There was no question that Owen was an earth. Evelyn reported that he was strong and already showed great control. He and Moira looked forward to seeing him again especially now that they shared another bond. 
All their friends were married with children of their own now. Malcom had married not long after Stephen and his son, William, was only eight months younger than Stephen’s boys. Even Prince Orin had settled down, to the relief of the entire kingdom. 
Weylyn arrived with his father in the second week of May. Stephen quickly situated him in the soldier’s quarters and rapidly assured Phelan that he was free to leave. He was relieved to learn that Phelan no longer tutored students. His wife’s family had raised horses for several hundred years and he had joined the business. Stephen endured several hours of Phelan bragging about the quality of his horses and how Stephen should come to him whenever he needed new stock. It was a major challenge to retain his composure, but he managed until Phelan left a week later.
Only a few weeks remained before the family left for Cathal, and Stephen spent most of the time getting to know Weylyn. He was clearly an intelligent boy, but Stephen also sensed the same arrogance in the boy that he remembered in the father. He watched as Weylyn started his training with the other squires and he noticed that he did show some promise. Stephen could only hope that with training, they could give his arrogance an appropriate outlet.
By the time of the tournament in Cathal, Weylyn was well ensconced into his life in the castle as a squire. Stephen debated taking him to Cathal but decided against it. He had not yet informed the child of his powers and in fact had no idea what powers the child possessed. Stephen hoped that Weylyn would be able to gain more maturity before he was forced to reveal everything to him. His own boys and Keane were excited about the trip and were eager to see Cedric compete for the last time. 
They arrived in Cathal three days before the tournament and immediately sent word to the King and Queen announcing their arrival. They received their official welcome to court within an hour along with an invitation for dinner with the King and Queen. A noisy crowd gathered together in the King and Queen’s private dining chamber that night. Years before, the King had arranged the marriage of Gwendolyn, Duke Mabon’s daughter, to his son, Prince Orin after the family had been rescued from Desmond. Prince Orin rarely resided at the palace, preferring several hunting lodges across the kingdom, but tonight he and his wife, Gwendolyn were there, along with their only child. The tiny princess was enchanting, and everyone was mesmerized by her beauty. Little Princess Brianna was adored by everyone who met her. Stephen regretfully realized that the prince reminded him of an older Weylyn, but he tried to ignore the resemblance. 
The next day, everyone sat in the royal box to watch Owen and Cedric. Owen easily won the archery contest to their delight. The next day, Owen joined the rest of the family in the stands to cheer for Cedric. It was an exciting day, Cedric won all his matches and went on the next day to win the tournament. He left the field for the last time to the resounding cheers of an adoring crowd.

Chapter 17
The family returned to Larcond one week after the tournament tired, but in good spirits. Moira’s entire family had promised to come for the winter festival and Stephen looked forward to entertaining them again. He and Cedric quickly returned to the training fields and life settled back into its normal routine.
Late in September, the three boys managed to escape their tutor and fled the castle for the valley behind the eastern wall. It was a beautiful fall day and the threesome pretended to hold their own tournament on the slopping hills in the bright sunshine. They had been playing for nearly an hour when they finally noticed Etain lying in the grass watching them.
“What are you doing here?” Brent yelled at his sister. “Shouldn’t you be back at the castle learning to sew or something else just as silly?” He teased.
“I hate sewing!” Etain pouted.
She loved to play with the boys and resented the fact that more and more she was required to spend her time sitting quietly working on needlework. Jennyfer loved the quietness and the peace she gained from the tiny little stitches, but Etain found it stressful and boring. She longed to run with her brothers and Keane; to play with the wooden swords and have her own bow and arrows. Secretly, her father encouraged her, but her mother insisted that she learn ladylike behavior and forced Etain to suffer through hours of sewing and etiquette lessons.
“Just let her play.” Keane said quickly, eager to defend Etain.
“Come on Brent.” Evan said. “She’s already out here anyway.”
“But we only have three swords.” Brent answered argumentatively.
“It’s okay, she can use mine.” Evan replied as he handed Etain his wooden sword. “I’m tired today anyway.” He said as he plopped down in the warm grass. 
Soon, he was asleep as the others played happily away around him. His dreams were mixed with the sounds of their fake tournament. He slept for a little over an hour and then woke up, the distant sounds of the others playing told him that they had moved away from him while he slept. He sat up and looked around. He spotted the others playing about fifty feet away, but something wasn’t right. He rubbed his eyes and looked again, but his eyes were still playing tricks on him. Evan decided that he must still be dreaming, but everything seemed so real. He rubbed his eyes some more and looked around the rest of the valley. Everything else seemed normal, nothing looked funny at all. Finally, he looked back at the others, but they still looked strange to him. The boys both had a strange white glow around their entire bodies, as if the sun shone from within. Etain looked the same as always. Once again, he rubbed his eyes, but the strange white glow surrounding the other boys didn’t go away.
Eventually, the others decided it was time to head back to the castle and Evan got up to follow them. He was unusually quiet and Etain kept glancing back at him with a puzzled expression. He didn’t want to tell anyone about his problem, he was afraid that his mother would say that he was sick and make him stay inside. There were only a few weeks of warm weather left and he wanted to enjoy all of it. As they approached the castle, Evan glanced up at the wall and saw one of the guards pacing the rampart. Evan immediately noticed that the guard looked the same as always. Everyone they encountered looked the same until they reached the castle. He immediately spotted Cedric and his father walking back from the training fields because they had the same white glow as his brother and Keane. At dinner that night, Evan discovered that his mother also shared the white glow, but Alana and Jennyfer both looked normal like everyone else. Evan ate little at dinner and quickly left the hall after the meal. About an hour later, Stephen found Evan sitting on the top step of the castle staring up at the stars.
“Are you alright, son?” Stephen asked worriedly. Moira had sent him after Evan when she noticed how little the boy had eaten at dinner.
“I’m fine, father.” Evan said without turning to face his father behind him.
“You don’t sound fine.” Stephen replied as he moved forward to sit by his son.
Evan turned to answer his father but froze in mid-sentence. He stared at his father with his mouth open. During the day, his father’s glow surrounded his body, but now, it seemed like his father was on fire with white light. Evan glanced up at the sky and could no longer see the stars above his father’s head, the glow from his father eclipsed all other light.
“Evan?” Stephen said cautiously, sensing that something was wrong.
“Yes, Father?” Evan eventually replied.
“Tell me what’s bothering you.” Stephen ordered gently, his worry evident in his tone.
“I, um, I’m just afraid that we’ll be in trouble for skipping out on our lessons today.” Evan stammered, thinking quickly.
“Oh.” Stephen said, surprised that his son would be bothered by something like that. “You know, I used to skip my lessons sometimes too.” He replied honestly.
Evan suddenly forgot about his problem as he stared at his father’s face. He had always thought that his father never misbehaved in his life. “You did?” he asked incredulously.
“Yes.” Stephen said chuckling. “I think that if you don’t make a habit of it things will be okay.” He said as he ruffled his son’s hair. “As a matter of fact, I think that we might suspend lessons for the next few weeks.” Stephen said thoughtfully, realizing that winter would soon trap the children inside.
“Really?” Evan asked excitedly, forgetting his problem for the moment.
“I don’t see why not.” Stephen replied. “Why don’t you go and tell the others.” 
He was pleased when Evan bounded up and turned to run inside. Hopefully, he had taken care of whatever was bothering the boy. Just before Evan opened the door, he remembered his father and turned back to give him a quick hug before running inside to tell the others.
The next week was difficult for Evan, but he eventually began to adjust. The morning after his vision changed, he had awakened hopeful that it had all been a dream, but as soon as he encountered his twin on the balcony, he realized that it was not. For the first several days, Evan avoided people as much as possible, continually hoping that whatever was wrong with his eyes would go away. As the days wore on and the problem didn’t go away, Evan began to adjust. By the end of the first week, he was back in the valley enjoying the last days of warm weather with his siblings and Keane. He had not shared his problem with any of them, and he didn’t plan on it.
“Evan, you’re not paying attention.” Brent teased. “You’re supposed to be the champion this time, but you keep letting me score points on you.” He said as he waved his wooden sword in front of him.
“Are you alright, Evan?” Etain called, stopping her fake duel with Keane. Her father had found them playing in the field two days before and had given Etain her own sword when he realized how much she wanted one. He had also made all of them promise not to tell Moira about the gift.
“I’m fine, Etain.” Evan called back.
“You don’t seem fine.” Brent said as he cocked his head to the side and studied his twin.
“What do you mean?” Evan asked, afraid that they knew what was wrong.
“You look at me funny, in fact you look at all of us funny.” Brent answered. “And you seem to be blinking a lot, as if your eyes hurt.”
Well, I feel fine, alright.” Evan said defensively.
“We’re just worried about you, Evan.” Etain said as she walked over and touched her brother’s hand.
Evan jerked his hand back and stared at his sister. As soon as she had touched him, Evan had sensed an intense heat radiate up his hand and throughout his body. He stared down at his hand in bewilderment as Etain and the others looked on in confusion.
“Evan, this isn’t funny, what’s wrong with you?” Keane asked as he stepped forward toward his friend.
Evan didn’t answer he was so lost in his own thoughts. He continued to stare at his upheld hand as if the others didn’t exist. Brent walked forward and grabbed Evan’s hand to get his attention, but Evan suddenly started to gag as soon as he touched him.
“Evan, what is your problem?” Brent asked sharply as Evan jerked his hand away and spit on the ground as if he had a bad taste in his mouth.
“Dirt.” Evan stammered as he continued trying to clear the nasty taste of dirt from his mouth. As soon as Brent had touched him, he had felt as if he had swallowed a mouthful of dirt.
“What?” Brent asked, even more confused.
“When you touched me, I tasted dirt.” Evan explained, his expression of distaste apparent to them all.
“Are you saying I’m dirty?” Brent yelled, furious at the insult he thought his brother had given him. Evan turned to look at his brother in confusion over the sudden burst of anger, but before he could speak the ground all around the four of them began to tremble violently. Everyone except Brent lost their balance and fell to the ground as Brent stared at them in sudden confusion. Just as suddenly, the tremors ceased.
“What’s going on here?” Brent whispered, suddenly afraid.
“I don’t know.” Evan answered. “But it’s happening to me too.”
“What’s happening?” Keane asked as he sat up but didn’t rise.
“About a week ago, I started seeing funny things.” Evan explained. “You and Brent have a bright white glow surrounding you but Etain looks the same.”
“Do I look the same because I’m a girl?” Etain asked, accepting everything her brother said with childish enthusiasm. 
“I don’t think so.” Evan replied, considering it for the first time. He had never even thought about why some people were white and others were not. “Mother glows, as well as Father, Cedric and that new squire Weylyn, but everyone else looks the same.” He explained.
“Why did you act so funny when Etain touched you?” Keane asked.
“As soon as she touched me, I felt this really incredible heat race up my arm and spread through my body.” Evan replied.
“And when I touched you, you tasted dirt, is that it?” Brent asked, his anger gone.
“Yes.” Evan said, grimacing at the thought even now.
“And then the ground shook when you became angry.” Keane reasoned, his intelligence apparent even at his young age.
“Are you suggesting that I caused that somehow?” Brent asked in surprise.
“Well, you are the only one who didn’t seem effected by it.” Evan replied, sensing Keane’s line of reasoning.
“Maybe you can do it again?” Etain suggested hopefully.
Brent turned and stared at her and then glanced at the others. Evan nodded and gestured for him to try. Keane stood by watching thoughtfully, so Brent shrugged and then turned his attention to figuring out how he could try to make the ground shake. As he stood there puzzling it over, he failed to notice the subtle tremors beginning around him, but the others didn’t. They all stared at each other in wonder. Suddenly, the tremors grew in strength until the ground shook even more violently then before. Keane glanced around the valley and saw that the grasses and flowers swayed violently for several hundred yards around them. He could even see the trees on the edge of the forest nearly five hundred yards to the east swaying.
“Brent stop.” Evan finally commanded and the ground immediately ceased its gyrations.
“That was fun.” Etain hollered, full of excitement.
“That was unbelievable.” Keane said in amazement as he got to his feet.
“I told you funny things have been happening.” Evan said as he struggled to stand.
Keane walked over and extended his hand to help Evan to his feet. Without thinking, Evan reached up and grabbed his hand. Suddenly, he let go and stared at the sky, blinking rapidly. He had suddenly felt as if a great wind had blown through the valley.
“Is there a storm coming?” He asked the others, still looking at the clear, blue sky.
“No, why?” Brent asked.
“That wind that just came through the valley, it felt like a powerful storm is on the way.” Evan said, shrugging his shoulders and pushing himself up off the ground.
“What wind?” Keane asked.
“That big gust just a second ago.” Evan replied while dusting off his clothes.
“Evan, there was no wind a second ago, the air is as still as it has been all morning.” Brent replied.
“Oh! Keane, touch Evan again and see if he feels the wind again!” Etain said excitedly.
All three boys glanced at her for a moment before Keane shrugged and reached out and touched Evan’s arm. They all saw Evan blink rapidly again as if a strong wind had blown into his eyes. Brent stared at Keane with a smile.
“Maybe you should try and make the wind blow.” Brent suggested.
Keane nodded his head and closed his eyes, thinking hard about the wind. Unlike Brent, he knew the instant the wind picked up. He felt it rise around him and swirl about the foursome. He opened his eyes and watched as the wind raced away from them, bending the grasses down under its force and then circled back toward them, increasing in speed. The other three raised their hands to protect their heads just as the wind seemed to split and flow by them as if there was an invisible barrier surrounding them. After a few minutes, Keane let the wind die off and stared at the others with a grin.
“Wait a minute.” Evan said in awe. “If I sense wind when you touch me and you can control it, and I taste dirt when Brent touched me and he can make the ground shake, then what does it mean that Etain causes that sensation of heat?” Evan asked the others as he turned to face his little sister.
“Fire?” Both Brent and Keane said at the same time.
“You think I can start fires?”
“Why don’t you try?” Brent suggested encouragingly.
Etain shrugged and then concentrated hard on starting a fire. Her brow furrowed in concentration, but nothing happened. Finally, she looked at the others and shrugged again.
“I don’t understand.” Evan said as he plopped back down on the ground.
“Me either.” Brent said, joining him.
“I don’t get it either.” Keane said as he and Etain sat down beside the others.
The foursome sat in the valley for several hours discussing what had happened. They all tried to come up with reasons that might explain what was happening, but nothing seemed plausible to them. The one thing they all agreed on was that they could not tell anyone else what had happened today.
That night at dinner, the four sat quietly eating their dinner, lost in their own thoughts. They were all exhausted from the combination of a long day and the emotional strain. Half way through the meal, Brent realized that Keane was trying to get his attention. Once he had it, Keane directed his gaze toward Evan as if there was something he wanted Brent to do. Brent stared at Keane in confusion for a moment before realizing what Keane wanted. He grinned at his friend before stealthily reaching out and touching Evan’s hand. Evan suddenly choked on his food and sputtered heavily before grabbing some water and glaring at Brent. Both Keane and Brent burst out laughing at their prank. Their laughter broke all the tension and the rest of the meal was lighthearted and fun.
For the next several weeks, Stephen allowed the children to skip their lessons and they spent every day in the valley practicing their new skills. Etain loved to sit on the ground and feel it shake, but her favorite game was when Keane made the air move and flow around them. She loved to run with her arms outstretched as the wind moved through her long blond hair. She could feel it flow through her splayed fingers and her laughter would echo across the valley. One day, nearly three weeks later, she was running along when she accidently stumbled on a rock hidden in the grass and fell hard on her hands. She cried out in pain and the others came running to help her. Keane reached her first and he helped her to sit up as she clutched her badly scraped hands to her chest. Brent and Evan arrived just a few seconds later and knelt on the ground beside her.
“Let us see your hands.” Brent said softly, trying to soothe her.
Etain slowly moved her hands away from her chest and spread her palms before them as she rested against Keane, still crying softly from the intense stinging. Evan reached out and took her left hand in his to examine her injuries. He felt the sudden surge of heat race up his arm, but he also felt a strange tingling in his hand. All three boys looked on in amazement as the wounds in her hands healed before their eyes. They all stared at Evan in shock, realizing that his touch had caused the rapid healing. None of them moved for a long time as they all looked back and forth between Etain’s completely healed hands and Evan’s startled expression.
It was a somber group which sat back down to their lessons after the first snowfall the next week. They had shared their secret with no one, and they all puzzled over Evan’s extraordinary gift. He had reported to them by now that he felt the same feeling of wind whenever his Father, Mother, and Cedric touched him, and that he felt a burning sensation along with a gust of wind whenever his father touched him. They were all surprised to learn that when he touched Jennyfer he felt as if he had suddenly been immersed in water, but he sensed nothing at all when anyone else touched him. They had begun to suspect that the glow had something to do with it, but decided they had to be wrong because Etain couldn’t do anything despite what Evan sensed and she and Jennyfer didn’t glow. They eventually gave up trying to figure it out and settled in for the long winter ahead of them. It would be many months before they could play in the valley again.

Chapter 18
The warm fall days passed quickly into a bitterly cold winter. Snow was heavy on the ground by the first of December and Stephen and Moira began to question whether her family would make it for the holiday. Finally, in the second week of December the storms broke, and the sun shone down over a winter paradise. The snow sparkled across the valley and everyone agreed it was one of the prettiest settings for the winter festival that they had ever seen. Moira and Alana had their hands full preparing the castle for the festival. During the week-long event, they planned to host a banquet for all the guards, another for the most prominent merchants in town, and several smaller events for various friends and family expected to arrive the week before start of the event.
The children all loved the excitement as the castle was decorated with evergreen and the smells of baking bread and pies filled the hall. Their tutor had returned to his home in Idelisa for the festival and they were temporarily reprieved of their lessons. Unfortunately, the cold kept them inside most of the time. A few years before, Stephen had ordered one of the upstairs chambers cleared of its heavy, oaken bedroom furniture and re-furnished with child-size tables and chairs. All the children’s toys were kept in the large chamber and during the winter a fire blazed merrily in the hearth, providing a warm and pleasant place for the children to play.
Two days before the banquet, all five of the children were up in their playroom pretending to hold a banquet of their own. Etain pretended to be the queen and Jennyfer was her lady-in-waiting. They sat at the head of the banquet table while the boys took turns pretending to be minstrels and jesters. It was a loud and raucous time and they all failed to hear the trumpets announce the arrival of royal guests. They were still happily playing away when Moira’s family arrived in the hall below.
Stephen and Moira greeted their guests warmly and Moira quickly asked about her brother, learning that he was a day behind her parents. Stephen, Cedric, and Bryan set off for the tables to discuss kingdom events while the ladies remained before the fire. After nearly an hour, Evelyn reminded Moira that she had not yet seen her grandchildren and Moira sent a servant to fetch them. All of the women were chatting quietly when they suddenly heard the excited voices of the children as they rushed across the balcony and down the stairs into the hall. Evelyn smiled at the sound and turned to greet the children, but froze in place, half in and half out of her chair when she spotted them. She quickly recovered her composure and hugged them all when they reached her. She immediately noticed the strange way Evan looked at her and the way he seemed to stiffen for a moment when she hugged him. Puzzled, she studied his face, but his expression gave nothing away.
After dinner, the adults sent the children back upstairs to regain some semblance of peace and quiet. As soon as the children exited the hall, she announced that she needed to speak privately with the others immediately. They all looked at her strangely but took their places around the family dining table. At her suggestion, Stephen sent the remaining servants from the hall and everyone turned to her when they were finally alone.
“What is it, Mother? Has something happened?” Moira asked sensing that whatever her mother had to say must be about the elementals.
“Nothing is wrong.” Evelyn quickly assured her. “I just thought that you would all like to know that Brent, Evan, and Keane are glowing.” She said with a smile.
“What!” Cedric exclaimed as Stephen sat back in his chair and smiled.
“Are you sure?” Alana asked, having been brought in on the secret years before, but still not quiet understanding Evelyn’s gift.
“Absolutely.” Evelyn replied. “In fact, I think Evan may be a light himself.” She said after a moment’s hesitation.
“Why?” Moira asked.
“When he saw me, he seemed to pause and study me for a moment, as if I was different.” She explained. “The only thing I can think of is that he was surprised to see that I glow as well.”
“You sure are quiet about this.” Cedric said, studying his friend and puzzling over the grin on his face.
“Actually, I’ve suspected something unusual was going on with the children for several weeks now.” Stephen replied, his grin widening when he realized his worries over what was wrong with Evan no longer mattered.
“Do you think they all know, or just Evan?” Bryan asked.
“I’m sure of Evan, but not the others.” Stephen said after a moment. “Of course, there is a way to find out.” He said as he rose from his chair and headed for the stairs.
A few minutes later, Stephen returned with Evan in tow. He looked a little worried. Stephen didn’t usually summon any of them back to the hall after dinner. Evelyn immediately noticed that Evan didn’t even glance twice at her this time. Stephen brought him over and directed him to have a seat at the table.
“Evan,” he began. “We need to talk with you about some changes that have occurred in you.” Stephen began.
“First, I would like to ask you a question, Evan.” Evelyn said, turning to face her grandson. “Do I look different to you?”
“Different how?” Evan asked, suddenly worried that they knew about his vision and that he was in trouble.
“Well, do I look different than your grandfather, for example?” Evelyn asked astutely.
“Yes.” Evan whispered dejectedly, realizing that they somehow knew about his eyes.
“I glow, don’t I?” Evelyn asked softly, aware of the change in the boy.
Evan nodded miserably, ashamed that his problem had probably exposed the others as well. “You glow white. Grandfather and Lady Alana look like everyone else.” He explained.
“Son” Stephen said, sensing his son’s distress. “You are not in trouble in any way. We are talking with you because, except for Alana and your Grandfather, we all share similar gifts.”
“You mean like Keane and Brent?” Evan asked suddenly, relieved that he wasn’t in trouble.
“You are aware that Keane and Brent have their own gifts?” Bryan asked leaning forward in fascination.
“Yes.” Evan nodded. “Keane can make the wind do all sorts of things and Brent can make the ground shake something fierce.” He explained with childish exuberance as the others stared at him in surprise. No one spoke for a moment as they all absorbed what Evan said. They all stared at the little boy so hard that he shifted uncomfortably in his seat. Suddenly, a thought occurred to him. “Do you control the wind as well?” He asked as he turned to stare at his father.
“Yes.” Stephen said in surprise. “How did you know that?”
“I get the feeling of a great wind blowing by every time you touch me. Just like Keane.” Evan replied with a shrug, not understanding the significance of his words. “It’s the same with Mother and Cedric.”
“What about with me?” Evelyn asked softly.
“When I hugged you earlier, I felt the tingle I got when I healed Etain’s hand.” Evan replied honestly.
“You know that you have the power to heal people?” Moira asked in surprise, wondering how they had all missed these changes.
“Yes.” Evan nodded. “Etain was playing in the wind Keane created and she fell down. When I touched her hand all of the injuries went away.”
All the adults were quiet for a moment as they realized that somehow all three boys had discovered their powers and were learning to use them on their own. There had never been emergences at such young ages before. Every single one of them realized how lucky they were that the children had not been discovered. 
“Evan.” Evelyn asked, going back to her first topic. “What happens when you touch Brent?”
“Ugh, dirt.” Evan replied, grimacing. “He and Keane think it’s funny.” He was quiet for a moment as the adults stared at him. “How come I sense things in Etain and Jennyfer, but they don’t glow and can’t do anything with what I sense?” 
“What do you sense?” Cedric asked, leaning forward in his chair, excitement written across his face.
“With Etain I get this feeling of intense heat spread out from wherever she touches me. With Jennyfer I feel like I’ve suddenly been immersed in water.” Evan explained.
“But they don’t glow at all, like me. Right?” Bryan asked.
“Yes.” Evan said with a nod. “But I don’t sense anything from you, grandfather.” Evan said almost apologetically.
Every adult sat back in their chair in silence. Some stared at Evan, while others stared at nothing at all. They had all realized the significance of Evan’s words. Not only could Evan see the glow of an elemental, but apparently, when he touched them, he got a sense of their power as well. He also seemed able to sense an elemental’s power before they emerged. Although they all realized that until Etain and Jennyfer emerged that part of it was only a theory.
Evan squirmed in his seat under their intense scrutiny. He immediately began to wonder if he had shared too much. After a few minutes, his shoulders started to slump, and he stared down at the table. It was Evelyn who first sensed the boy’s distress.
“Evan, would you like to take a walk with me?” She suggested and Evan nodded immediately in agreement.
The two of them walked over to the entrance and put on some wraps to ward off the cold. Evan pulled open the heavy door for his grandmother and the two stepped out into the darkness. They walked along a path through the snow and across the courtyard. After several minutes, Evan paused and turned to face Evelyn.
“Isn’t it neat the way our glow lights up the night and reflects off the snow?” He asked excitedly, pleased that someone else could understand the visual changes.
“What do you mean, Evan?” Evelyn asked looking around. For her, Evan glowed white, but the brightness didn’t extend more than an inch or two away from his body. It certainly didn’t light up the night.
“When I look at someone who glows they look different at night than during the day.” Evan replied, confused again. “At night, their glow shoots up into the sky like white fire. It lights up everything around.” He explained.
“That is amazing, Evan.” Evelyn said softly. “My gift isn’t anywhere near as strong. For me, the glow is the same at night as it is during the day.” She said, sensing that he needed to know it was okay to be different.
“You mean I’m more powerful than you?” Evan asked.
“I think you are, and you are very special.” Evelyn replied as the two turned and started back toward the castle.
Over the rest of the festival, the adults introduced the children to the history of the society and explained the need to keep their powers a secret. They included Etain and Jennyfer because they wisely knew that even if they did not emerge, it would be nearly impossible to keep the secret from them living in a house with so many elementals. Stephen decided that it was time to include Weylyn and was surprised to learn that Weylyn already knew of his ability to control fire. They managed a meeting in the valley to witness the strength of the children’s powers on one unusually warm day. They all agreed that Keane and Brent were already as powerful as any known elemental alive and that Weylyn’s abilities were astonishing. Stephen even felt that Keane’s power already surpassed his own.
Just as the group prepared to head back to the castle, Evan tripped in the snow and landed in the slush. His clothing was completely soaked. They all realized the need to get the child out of his wet things immediately and Stephen swung him up on his horse to rush him back to the hall. Just as he mounted behind him and put his arm around his son’s waist to hold him in place, Stephen realized that Evan was no longer wet. 
“Evan, what happened to your clothes?” Stephen asked his son quietly, just as the others realized that Evan was no longer soaking wet and shaking with cold.
“I don’t know, Father.” Evan said sheepishly. “I was thinking about how nice it would be to get out of my wet clothes and all of sudden they didn’t seem as wet. After a minute, my clothes were dry.”
Stephen stared down at his son for a moment, thinking hard. Was it possible that his son had two powers just like his father? It was worth a shot.
“Evan, try and melt the snow around us.” Stephen asked his son as he pointed at the ground.
Evan looked at his father and then turned and studied the ground. He cocked his head to the side and stared hard at the snow. Just as Stephen was about to give up he realized that the snow was slowly collapsing and water was appearing up through it. The others all smiled and laughed in amazement as Evan grinned. There was no question now. Evan was a water and a light. It was an excited, but cold group that returned to the hall a little while later. None of them could wait to tell the others about the children and they all hoped Quinn would stop by before the fair in the spring so that they could spread the word.
Moira’s family returned home reluctantly a few days after the official end of the festival. Evelyn was especially reluctant to leave Evan. She desperately wanted to be around the boy now that he shared her own special gift. She sensed that he still struggled with the fact that they were so different, and she worried that his gift might prove to be a burden. She understood that it might be hard for the boy if he couldn’t learn to control his power and touch others without sensing their powers. She couldn’t imagine living an entire life being unable to hug your own twin brother without tasting dirt. Although it was less unpleasant, getting a gust of wind in the face every time one of your parent’s touched you wouldn’t be much fun either. Before she left, Evelyn encouraged Moira and Stephen to focus on training in that area. She only hoped that control would eventually prove possible for the boy.
Winter was bitter that year and spring was joyously welcomed by everyone. Just as spring arrived, Evan announced that Etain and Jennyfer had begun glowing. They soon confirmed that Etain and Jennyfer had the powers of fire and water respectively, just as Evan had predicted. One particularly beautiful day, Stephen dismissed the children’s tutor and released Weylyn from his duties to let them have the day off to play in the sunshine. The four boys, Keane, Brent, Evan, and Weylyn were all playing with wooden swords in the valley while Jennyfer and Etain sat on a nearby rock playing with ragdolls.
Jennyfer pulled out a jug and poured water into a tin cup. Before she could bring the cup to her mouth, the water froze solid, frost appearing on the outside of the cup.
“Evan!”
Evan laughed, “Sorry, couldn’t help myself.”
Jennyfer shook her head and studied the cup. The water melted before her eyes. Just as she raised the cup to her mouth, the earth around her shook tremendously, spilling the drink down her front.
“Brent!”
Brent and the other boys laughed uproariously as Jennyfer tossed the tin cup at them.  Keane made a quick movement with his hand and a wind blew the cup harmlessly away.
“Come on, Jennyfer. Let’s go back to the castle.” Etain said as she hopped off the rock.
Both girls turned to head back to the castle when the doll Jennyfer was carrying suddenly burst into flame. Jennyfer immediately dropped the burning doll, but not before it burned her hand. Etain quickly made a downward motion with her hand and extinguished the flames, but the doll was badly singed
“Weylyn! You hurt her!” Evan raged as Jennyfer began to cry. He walked over and took Jennyfer’s hand, healing her burns almost instantly.
“What does it matter? You can heal it.” Weylyn said with a laugh.
“Seriously, Weylyn, that was wrong.” Keane chimed in as her walked over and put an arm around his sister to comfort her. "One heart, One People, One Destiny, remember?"
 “Get over yourself. You pick on your sister all the time.” Weylyn said with a sneer.
“But I don’t do anything that might physically hurt her, and I never will.”
“Me either.” Brent added. “Until you realize that, you can play by yourself.”
The children all turned back to the castle, leaving Weylyn alone behind them. He stared angrily after them and then noticed the ruined doll lying on the ground. Instantly, the doll burst into flame, He stood there watching it angrily as it burned before him.

Chapter 19
That spring at the fair in Weatherton, Quinn brought a pair of young elementals with him who had been discovered in their town in the province of Jostlen. He had rescued them just in time as the town had been preparing to hold a trial accusing them of witchcraft. The young man and woman were just a year younger than Stephen had been when he emerged, and his heart ached at the thought of their pain. Even their parents had denounced them.
“How often does this happen?” Stephen asked with concern.
“Usually at least once every year or so.” Ronan replied with a shrug, he had seen it all too many times. “We get to most of them in time. We have about thirty stashed around the kingdom right now.”
“So, you set them up with new lives in another province, is that it? Always risking discovery at any point?” Stephen asked.
“That’s about it, there’s not much more we can do.” Deidre answered.
“What if there was?” Quinn asked.
“What do you mean?” Stephen replied.
“What if I knew of a sanctuary for these displaced elementals, a place where they could go and live together without fear of discovery?” Quinn asked, staring around the room.
“Where is this place?” Deidre asked.
“That would remain a secret known only to a select few elementals.” Quinn said cryptically.
“Do you really think this place would be secure?” Ronan asked.
“Absolutely.” Quinn replied. “As far as I know, I am the only one alive who knows of its existence.”
“It’s an interesting idea.” Stephen mused aloud. “I would even see to it that they had everything they needed to create a functioning society, and anything they cannot produce themselves I will see to it that they get.” Stephen offered as Moira took his hand, offering him her silent support.
“I like the idea.” Deidre finally said.
“So do I.” Ronan agreed.
“As do we.” Cedric said, speaking for Alana and himself as she nodded beside him. 
“So, where do we go from here?” Moira asked.
“We would need a go between. Someone who can act as a liaison between the sanctuary and the rest of the society.” Bryan suggested, ever the diplomat.
“I have just the person in mind.” Quinn said as he turned to look at Ronan.
“We also would need someone who would be willing to stay on there permanently.” Quinn said, now looking at Deidre.
Deidre paused for only a moment before she nodded in acceptance of the role Quinn offered her.
“Cedric, we will need your father in on this as well. He can deliver supplies and messages to the sanctuary without suspicion during his routine tours of the province.” Quinn added, turning to face Cedric.
“He is expected to arrive tomorrow, but I am sure he will agree.” Cedric answered.
 “I would like to meet with all of you tomorrow after Lord Nolan arrives.” Stephen said. “While I believe that it is important for as few people as possible to know the location of the sanctuary, all of you hold positions with which you have something to offer. However, we will limit the knowledge of the sanctuary to this group alone. Does everyone agree?” Stephen asked and was satisfied when everyone nodded in agreement.
 The next evening, the same group, with the addition of Lord and Lady Nolan, gathered in Stephen’s tent. After the servants delivered platters of food and spiced wine, Stephen dismissed them and asked not to be disturbed. The group sat down to enjoy the meal and Quinn took the opportunity to lay out the details of his plan.
“Several years ago,” Quinn began, “I was hunting on the coast many miles south of the village of Calder. The route to the south is rarely traveled because the large cliffs which start at the coast and run inland for over thirty miles make it impassable and the surrounding forest is off-limits to all but the nobility. There is an abandoned inn just on the edge of the forest perched above the ocean on a cliff. About ten miles south of the inn, I spotted a large group of deer and chased them into the forest. I eventually cornered them up against the base of the cliff. However, the deer seemed to melt through the ivy clinging to the cliff wall. I was completely shocked and began cutting away the ivy. I uncovered a deep fissure in the cliff wall, several feet higher than a horse’s head and wide enough for a wagon to pass through. Fascinated, I decided to explore and see if it led to the sea on the other side. You can imagine my shock when I emerged on the other side after several hundred feet and discovered a long and wide valley, surrounded by the giant white cliffs. “
“I spent several days exploring the valley. By my best estimate, the valley is nearly forty miles long and about twenty miles wide. But the most amazing discovery is in the center of the valley. There I found an ancient stone fortress and the remains of a surrounding town. It appeared to have been abandoned for many centuries. I think that the inn originally served as a layover for travelers between Calder and the mysterious castle.” Quinn was so engrossed in his own memories that he didn’t notice that everyone had stopped eating, mesmerized by the tale. 
“Despite the years, the castle was actually in surprisingly good shape. It was built entirely in stone and I explored nearly every square inch of it. The main castle is immense with many smaller outbuildings and stone cottages, missing only their wood and thatch roofs. In fact, it is far larger than even the Royal Castle in Cathal. I’ve never heard mention of the castle and its hidden valley in all my travels.”
“Why didn’t you tell anyone about it?” Stephen asked incredulously.
“I found it while illegally hunting in the royal forest long before I ever met you. I wasn’t about to walk up to the nearest guard and confess my crime.”
“And after you met me?”
“It never came up.”
Stephen sensed there was more to the story, but he wisely realized Quinn wasn’t going to tell anything else right now.
They were all silent for a moment before Bryan spoke, “It sounds perfect.”
“You mean enchanting.” Deidre whispered, enthralled at the prospect of living in such a place and bringing it back to its former glory.
“How soon do you think it could be made ready to receive the first of the refugees?” Ronan asked, ever the practical one.
“The main castle is mostly in need of an intense cleaning. I would expect that enough of it could be clean and functional within a fortnight, faster depending on the number of people working on it.”
“Well, I could probably help get it ready, in fact I could move there.” Ronan thought aloud.
“Would you mind the isolation?” Stephen asked.
“Not at all. In fact, I could continue my wood crafting from there while providing the skilled craftsmanship the various buildings might need.” Ronan replied reasonably.
“You know, one of the refugees, a man named Artis, is a master stone mason.” Quinn interjected.
Stephen studied Quinn silently for a moment before asking, “How quickly do you think you could get him there?”
“In no time at all, he is currently in hiding in the village of Calder itself.” Quinn quickly answered.
 “We will also need a meeting place where we can bring the refugees when we rescue them.” Quinn suggested.
“I agree. Some sort of safe house.” Evelyn added with a nod for emphasis.
“What about that inn you mentioned?” Cedric suggested.
“I think I know just the elemental that would run it; that is if you will provide for its upkeep.” Quinn added.
“Naturally. I don’t plan on the inn making any money, there is a reason it was abandoned after all.” Stephen said.
“What’s this place called?” Ronan asked.
“The Lamp Lighter Inn.” Quinn responded. 
“It is a sound plan.” Bryan added and the rest of the group nodded in agreement.
Soon, the group had worked out a plan for the shipment of supplies and the eventual relocation of all the refugees. The only stumbling block they faced involved the refugees whose non-elemental families had fled with them. Everyone agreed that for the safety of the other elementals, these families would have to consent to remain forever within the walls of the sanctuary, or they would be allowed to remain in hiding where they were currently located. 

Chapter 20
That July, Moira and Stephen left for their first visit to the sanctuary. The journey passed quickly, and they were astounded by how well hidden the ancient castle was in its position surrounded by the enormous cliffs on all sides. The fissure in the cliff wall remained undetectable until they were directly in front of it. Stephen was shocked at the progress Ronan had made when he and Moira finally passed through the gates to the castle. Many of the cottages and outer buildings had new thatch roofs and there were gardens and animal pens spaced strategically throughout the grounds. He quickly spotted Ronan and Deidre running to meet them.
“You’re finally here!” Deidre called out as they approached.
“I apologize for our friend here.” Ronan said as they came to a halt before them. “She is so excited to show off the changes that she has forgotten common courtesy. How was your journey?” Ronan asked with a laugh.
“Oh, my goodness.” Deidre said, slapping her hand to her forehead. “I’m so sorry. I hope you had safe passage.”
“It was both pleasant and safe.” Stephen laughed as he dismounted and helped Moira down. “But, judging by my wife’s face, I believe that she shares your excitement.” He said pointing at Moira who had already moved several paces away, staring around her in awe.
“Stephen, I had no idea it was so enormous.” She said in wonder. “It is amazing that there is no record of it anywhere.”
“I have wondered that myself.” Stephen said as the four began a tour of the grounds. “How many are living here now?” Stephen asked after their tour and they were heading into the castle itself.
“A little over a hundred all told. Although not all elementals.” Ronan replied. “There are several non-elementals here with their families.”
“That many? We had no idea.” Moira said with surprise.
“Don’t worry.” Deidre said, linking her arm through Moira’s. “We can hold many, many more with the minimal repairs already made.”
“Excellent.” Stephen replied as he allowed them to show him the changes inside the castle as well. 
“There is more you haven’t seen yet.” Ronan informed them.
“More?” Stephen asked in surprise.
“I was out riding last week, and I discovered another fissure in the wall not far from the entrance to the valley. Just inside, there is a staircase built into the cliff itself that leads to the top of the cliff.”
“What’s up there?” Moira asked eagerly.
“There are defensive fortifications running along the entire rim of the cliff. Guard posts are stationed about every half mile.”
“Amazing. With the natural defense provided by the cliff face and the defensive fortifications from an elevated position at the top of the cliff, this place would have been impenetrable.” Stephen breathed in awe.
Moira and Stephen stayed at the ancient castle for about a week. While there, they both met with all the elementals and their families. They listened to stories of their plight and promised any assistance needed for them all to make a new home. Most felt that the castle already provided all that they needed and there was little for Moira and Stephen to do.
For the rest of the summer and early fall, Stephen and Cedric tried to take all the children, including Weylyn, out at least once a week to work on their powers. There was no question now that Keane was the most powerful wind in existence. He had remarkable control over the force and direction of the wind. Stephen was shocked when he learned that Keane could direct wind in multiple directions at the same time. Brent had learned extraordinary control over his gift as well. Not only could he cause tremors in the ground, he could determine the force and intensity with which they spread. He could start with a tiny rippling vibration at his feet that became an intense quaking vibration as it moved away from him. Jennyfer and Evan worked together on their gift and they both learned to draw water from the air itself, causing rain over a small area wherever they wanted. Etain and Weylyn were both extraordinarily powerful fires. They could cause any combustible material to ignite with a flick of their wrists. However, Etain had more trouble than Weylyn in extinguishing fires. She could summon fire without effort, but it took tremendous focus and control for her to put one out. Stephen did send for Bedelia and she was amazed at the ability she witnessed in the pair. After only a week of intense training, she informed Stephen that they had already far surpassed anything she could do and that they were more appropriate teachers for her than she was for them.
Evan’s struggles continued with his ability to sense the powers of others. He soon began withdrawing from his family to protect himself. It didn’t take long for Stephen to realize that they would have to find a way to help his son control the sensations or he would eventually shut himself off from all physical contact.
By far, the hardest challenge was teaching Evan how to block the signal he received when he touched other elementals. They all recognized that it was uncomfortable for the boy to be unable to touch one of them without sensing a sudden surge of their power. Brent still thought it was funny that his brother tasted dirt every time their skin came into contact, but Evan desperately wanted a way to control it. His lessons didn’t seem to make any progress until Brent suggested that they use his distaste for the earth sensation to teach him control. He practiced with his twin for hours until, over time, he learned to block the signal he received. Evan promised never to block the signal the first time he touched someone so as not to miss an elemental who might not yet have emerged.
Early that fall, Stephen received an urgent message from Ronan asking him to come as quickly as possible. He arrived at the ancient castle four days later with Cedric at his side. Ronan met him at the steps, excitement written all over his face.
“What is it? What has happened?” Stephen asked as he jumped off his horse and ran up the steps with Cedric close behind him.
“Artis was repairing some loose stones in the castle and he uncovered a secret chamber.” Ronan said excitedly as the three men entered the castle’s immense hall. “You won’t believe what we found inside!” He said with a grin.
Ronan led the men across the hall to a long table upon which several ancient looking journals and scrolls were spread. “It’s the entire history of the castle.” Ronan breathed breathlessly.
“You’re not serious!” Stephen said excitedly as he ran a finger down the ancient leather cover on one of the ledgers.
“There’s more, but you won’t believe it.” Ronan said enthusiastically. “The castle was a stronghold for wind elementals. Everything we know about our past has changed dramatically.” Ronan declared as the other two men stared at him in shock.
“Does it list the castle’s name?” Stephen asked in awe.
“Caldera.” Ronan answered reverently. “We can only assume that the village to the north somehow got its name from here.”
Stephen nodded and then took a seat at the table and began to read. He spent the next two days pouring over the ancient documents with Cedric at his side. The first thing they did was organize everything by date so that they could read it in order. They turned the thin, brittle pages very carefully. As soon as Stephen and Cedric finished with a document, they turned it over to Ronan with instructions that it was to be copied and stored for its safety.
The tale told in the journal was fascinating. When they finished reading, both men sat back in their chairs, unable to speak, in awe over what they had just read. Stephen couldn’t believe that there wasn’t a record of everything written here recorded elsewhere.
The journals were filled with the tale of the history of the elementals and the kingdom. Apparently, elementals had existed in the past in large numbers. Their powers had been strong, but there was no evidence of elementals with multiple powers like Stephen, and Evan. In fact, there was no mention of light elementals at all. There was great division among the individual powers and each one had built their own fortress. The journals listed vague references to their locations throughout the kingdom. Caldera was the home of the winds and if Stephen understood the journal correctly, the fortress of the earth elementals was also located in Larcond, somewhere in the Piran Mountains. The fortress of the water elementals was near the coast on the southern edge of Idelisa. The fires built their fortress near the western edge of Gorsedd. Judging by the description, Stephen would not be surprised if the current home of the Duke of Gorsedd was built upon the ruins of that structure.
The elementals had ruled over the entire kingdom but were in a near war-like state as each group of elementals struggled for control. Stephen was grieved to read of the abuses they inflicted upon non-elementals with their powers. They kept the peasantry under their feet through violence and intimidation. Eventually, the non-elementals had rebelled and through sheer force of numbers had raided each fortress and killed nearly all the elementals in existence. The last journal was written by a wind who had been away from the fortress examining the planting fields and pastures during the attack. In his last sentence, he had vowed to search for other survivors until his last breath. 
“I just can’t believe it.” Cedric finally said, breaking the silence between them.
“Neither can I.” Stephen replied as Ronan took a seat next to him.
“I wonder what happened to him.” Ronan mused aloud.
“I think we can assume that he either died shortly after writing this or he never found another elemental.” Cedric replied and Stephen nodded. “How did the fortress fall? With their defenses and natural resources, they should have been able to hold out indefinitely.”
“The writer implies that it happened in a matter of hours.” Ronan answered.
“I suspect they were betrayed from within their own ranks.” Stephen suggested.
“Seems logical.” Cedric nodded.”
“How many know of what these journals contain?” Stephen asked Ronan.
“Just us, Deidre, and the ones copying them as we speak.” Ronan replied.
“Keep it that way. I’ll brief the council, but no one else.” Stephen ordered. “I would love to share this knowledge with everyone, but I can’t see how we can share this history with the others without revealing the secret of the sanctuary to all. We can’t take that risk.” Stephen explained.
“I see your point.” Ronan replied after a while. “I agree, the people here have suffered enough, I would do nothing to endanger them further.”
“What are you going to do now?” Cedric asked.
“How do you feel about a hunting expedition in the mountains?” Stephen said with a grin.
“We search for Tremaine?” Cedric asked, using the earth fortress’ given name.
Stephen nodded his head thoughtfully. “I don’t know if it still exists, but if it does, we’ll find it.”

Chapter 21
As time passed, the four boys began spending all their free time together. Weylyn usually finished training around the same time of day that the other three finished their lessons and they would all head off together. If the weather was warm, they headed to the clearing in the forest Stephen used for his own practice sessions. If the weather was bad, they reluctantly shared the playroom with the girls. Etain still preferred swords and archery lessons to sewing and etiquette lessons, but it was becoming harder for her to get away. Jennyfer had not changed at all, even after she became aware of her powers. She spent as little time as possible practicing her gift. She preferred the more ladylike pursuits and spent most of her time sewing quietly with her mother.
In the spring, after the fair, Stephen and Cedric set out for the mountains of Piran with Weylyn and their sons on the premise of a special hunting trip for the boys. Only Moira and Alana, knew the real reason behind their journey. Stephen had allowed only those aware of the secret of Caldera to know of what had been discovered. Everyone had been shocked to hear of the history the journals contained. They had debated for hours on the possible benefits and problems they might encounter if they revealed the history to all elementals, but they all eventually concluded that it posed greater danger than any benefit they might gain from telling the story. They all agreed that some might take the story as proof that they deserved special privileges because of their powers and ignore the warning inherent within the tale.
Despite his own wishes, Stephen knew that he could not travel so far without an armed escort and he reluctantly brought the smallest number of guards he could get away with. They reached the foothills of the mountains in only a few days and made camp. Stephen ordered his guards to remain at the camp after convincing them that Cedric would provide all the protection they needed in the uninhabited mountains. His men were ordered to keep the supplies stocked as they did not know when they would return. Stephen could tell that his guards were unhappy with his instructions, but he knew they would follow his orders to the letter. 
He and Cedric set out with the boys from the camp, searching for signs they had copied from the journals of the landmarks described in the tales. The boys were confused that they spent only as much time as necessary hunting and the rest of the time riding, but they gamely rode along. The weather was perfect with cool nights and warm days spent in the shelter of the trees. The mountains rose on the western side as far to the north and south as they could see. After ten days of searching they had nearly given up, deciding that time must have eroded all traces of the old fortress, when they suddenly stumbled upon it.
The boys were all in awe at the discovery, and Stephen and Cedric pretended surprise as well. Tremaine was a large fortress, but not quite as immense as Caldera. Its outer wall had clearly suffered great damage in the siege which ended its use, but the main structure remained intact. It was built straight into the side of the mountain and blended in perfectly with the natural gray stone of the cliffs surrounding it. Anyone traveling through the mountains might easily overlook it unless they were standing directly at its base. One of the numerous mountain rivers emerged from a canyon on the southern side of the fortress before turning and running south along the cliff’s edge. There was a large set of stone stairs leading down to the water’s edge which had clearly been used to supply water for the fortress. The forest had grown over the centuries and it covered much of the fallen outer wall and the land right up to the base of the main castle. Nearly everywhere they searched among the foliage they found remnants of the outer buildings, structures, and statues covering the ground inside the fallen wall. After exploring for several hours, Stephen and Cedric could draw a basic layout of the outside grounds surrounding the fortress. Finally, they agreed with the demands from all the boys to enter the fortress itself.
The ancient walls were covered with fine stone carvings created centuries before by master stone masons. Images of faces not seen on earth for a thousand years stared back at them from all the walls. Brent was the most enthralled by the castle and Stephen wondered if he somehow sensed his own heritage emanating from the ancient stone. He ran his hands over the carvings as if merely touching them could tell him of what they had witnessed through time. A large room off the main hall must have served as an audience chamber because an immense stone throne stood on a stone dais at the opposite end from the entrance. Giant stone basins on beautifully carved pillars filled the castle, still bearing scorch marks from the numerous fires which had burned within their bowls, providing light for the inhabitants of the fortress. They all decided that the fortress must have taken a century to complete.
The castle needed numerous repairs, but Stephen could see that the structure itself was sound and would probably still be standing centuries after he had left this world behind. They spent a full week exploring the ruins and hunting in the nearby forest. The boys were all disappointed when they had to leave, but they all agreed to keep their discovery a secret. Their youthful exuberance thrilled at the idea of a secret hide-out. Stephan and Cedric promised to bring them back to hunt around the castles walls every spring after the fair.
After returning home, Stephen dispatched a letter to Ronan telling him of the discovery and asking if he could send Artis and some additional men from Caldera to make sure the building was sound. He would have loved to have gone with Artis, but the family was expected to attend Owen’s wedding to a young woman named Nareen in Cathal during the first week of August. Owen had met her at the winter festival that year when she made her debut at court. He had fallen head over heels for her in an instant. Her father, a local lord, was pleased with Owen’s attention and had quickly agreed when Owen had requested his daughter’s hand. Fortunately, Nareen appeared to care for Owen just as much as he cared for her. The wedding was beautiful, and the family returned home in good spirits.
When they arrived home, a message was waiting for them from Artis. He was pleased to report that they had no need to fear, the entire mountain would have to come down to make the castle itself fall. Apparently, the structure was carved out of the mountain itself, carefully designed to look like individual stones, but were actually one enormous and solid rock of carved stone. Even more significant was that Artis had found a flaw Stephen had failed to spot.
During his inspection to determine the soundness of the structure, Artis had noticed deep scratches in the floor at the base of the stone throne. He wondered why they would move the throne and decided to move it in the same direction as the scrape marks indicated. It took several men to move the heavy throne. Artis was thrilled to discover steps leading to an underground chamber hidden beneath it.
Inside they had found an ancient crypt and chests containing more journals, this time with the history of the earth elementals. Artis had returned to Caldera with the journals and Ronan had quickly set the same group down to copy them. Ronan asked for Stephen to travel to Caldera as quickly as possible as he did not feel that it was safe to include the contents of the journals in a letter. Stephen and Cedric left for Caldera the next day. They rode hard, stopping only to sleep and reached Caldera quickly. Ronan had once again spread the journals out on the table in the hall in preparation for their visit and the two men immediately set to work. There were not as many journals, but the information contained within them was incredible. Apparently, the fortress was carved by the power of the earth elementals. Stephen wondered if Brent had ever tried to carve stone with his mind and decided to set him to the task upon his return. They were shocked to learn that the fortress was completed in only decade and not the centuries they had all supposed.
There had been few survivors of the siege against Tremaine. It had been a long, and terrible siege. For the first six months, the elementals had easily resisted, their ample stores providing for their every need, but the villagers had unlimited resources. Slowly, their stores began to run out and the elementals began to starve. As their systems weakened from hunger, sickness spread like wildfire. Nearly a year after the siege began, less than a hundred of the original thousand remained. A few survivors snuck out across the river during the night just days before the wall finally came down. They hid in the forest and watched as the villagers dug under the massive wall, bracing it with timbers as they worked. Once they had tunneled under the majority, the villagers fired the timbers and the wall collapsed from its own weight as they burned away. The villagers crawled over the wall and attacked the remaining earths with a vengeance. They slaughtered everyone they encountered without mercy. Even the few remaining children fell under their swords. The few who had escaped watched everything from the sheltered darkness of the forest. They cringed at the sound of the screams and wails coming from within the walls. 
Unlike the lone survivor of Caldera, the few earth survivors all swore to never again use their powers and risk exposure after what they had witnessed. They lived out their remaining days hiding in the shadow of their former glory. The last entry was dated some fifteen years after the siege, and it told of the deaths of all but the writer. They had lived as hermits, surrounded by the evidence of both their former glory and their fall. After many months, they ventured down into the village and listened as the villagers bragged about the destruction of all the other elemental fortresses. They were surprised to hear that the powerful fire stronghold had fallen in only a few days. The fires had used their powers to defend themselves, but their efforts had backfired, and their castle had burned around them. The villagers had declared the former elemental strongholds places of evil and had forbidden anyone to ever go near them again. After learning of the ban, the earth elementals knew that it was safe to remain in the shelter of their former home. 
Stephen and Cedric were both disappointed to read more about the atrocities committed by the elementals against non-elementals. They read of the actions of their ancestors with a sickening feeling that grew with each new line they read. The waters had used their powers as an execution tactic for anyone who opposed them. They had discovered that they could suck the water from the depths of a person’s being until the afflicted one dropped dead on the spot; a dried-out shell of their former self. The fires enjoyed torching an individual’s clothing but putting it out before the person succumbed to the flames. They loved to leave the victim in agony until infection claimed them days, or even weeks later. Although, they also possessed the power to instantly ignite the body itself, killing their victim in seconds. The winds would drive their victims off cliffs or crush them under trees or stones. They were even known to collapse houses on top of entire families if just one member of the household upset them. In their most torturous moods, they would literally pull the breath out of a person while they watched their victim suffocate. The earth elementals committed similar atrocities, acting against entire families and villages for even the smallest of slights. According to the ledgers, they possessed an ability to instantly shatter every bone in a victim’s body, leaving the victim to bleed to death from the horrendous wounds.
It was with a somber spirit that they closed the last journal and sat back in their chairs. The abuses recounted in the journals sickened them. They could not image one human committing such horrible acts against another human. Neither man spoke for some time as they mulled over what they had read.
“I had hoped that the abuses had been limited to only the winds.” Cedric said finally.
“Obviously, the tales in the first journal were all true. They all used their power to control and enslave the people of the kingdom.” Stephen replied sadly.
“Do you want me to lock these up with the others?” Ronan asked a few minutes later when he returned and saw the dejected expressions of his friends.
Stephen nodded and both men returned home the following morning. Stephen and Cedric shared the news with the elementals who knew of Caldera’s history and they all expressed the same sadness upon learning that their ancestors had been so intolerably cruel. They all agreed to keep the new information a secret for the protection of everyone involved. Stephen’s mood was down for the next month, he could not help but feel guilty for the actions of his ancestors. It was many months before he slowly adjusted to the fact that he was different and that he and none of the other elementals today were responsible for what had happened in the past. The efforts of the society took on a greater meaning in his life from that point on.

Chapter 22
Two years later, Keane and the twins formally entered their training as squires under their fathers. They all showed promise early on. All three boys seized each learning opportunity with an enthusiasm that both frightened and thrilled Stephen and Cedric. Their desire to learn meant that they attacked every lesson with all that they had, it took great effort for the two fathers to watch as their sons took risks and suffered their fair share of injuries. It was obvious to everyone who saw them in action that they would have a bright future on the field. 
Etain still hated her “lady lessons” as she called them, and she rushed to complete her sewing every day before rushing out to watch the knights in training. Despite her speed and disinterest, Etain was a talented seamstress. She had learned early on that her mother made her tear out sloppy stitches and she became adept at working quickly without mistakes. Despite his earlier encouragement of her tomboy play style, Stephen discouraged Etain from lingering near the training grounds. Aware of the dangers she faced so close to the men practicing, Stephen forbid her from watching and Etain quickly found places where she could hide and watch without discovery.
One afternoon, Keane finished a sparring session and moved to the edge of the field for a brief respite. He moved over to lean on the trunk of a tree on the south side of the field. Using the mug full of ale as a cover, he spoke quietly without taking his eyes off the field. 
“Your gown is blowing in the breeze, Etain.” He could hear a rustling in the tree above him as Etain tucked her skirts tightly around her. “If I’ve spotted you, it’s only a matter of time before your father does too.”
“Not if you don’t tell him.” Etain whispered from above.
“You know I wouldn’t do that.” Keane replied, hurt that she even suggested it. “Still, there is a reason for his restriction.”
“I know.” Etain sighed. “An arrow flew within feet of me yesterday, it’s not fair that I have to sit all day cooped up in the castle while you boys get to have all the fun.”
Keane smiled behind the mug of ale. “You know, there is a spot up on the ramparts that overlooks the entire training field.” 
“I know the spot.” Etain whispered back.
“if you promise to only watch from there, I’ll work with you in the evenings and teach you whatever you want to know.”
“You would do that?”
Keane laughed, “You’ll find a way to learn it without my help, but at least this way will keep you safe.”
Keane finished his ale and strolled back onto the field. A few minutes later, he caught a glimpse of Etain’s skirts dropping out of the tree before the scurried back to the castle.
Later that night, Etain was surprised when her brothers showed up with Keane. She was surprised to learn that they wanted to help teach her, they all felt it wasn’t fair that she couldn’t train with them. From that night on, they met several times a week to train Etain, and she stayed further from the fields.
That same spring, Owen sent word that his wife had been safely delivered of a son. They had named him Teague, after Nareen’s father. Evan met the little boy when the entire family came to spend the winter festival in Larcond, and he quickly informed them all that the young man was a water.
Stephen and Cedric spent the summer and fall training the men. Stephen was concerned at the jealousy he saw in Weylyn’s eyes whenever he watched the other boys train. Weylyn had skill on the field, but the others appeared to have a natural grace and inclination for the various skills. Over the next few years, Stephen’s concerns increased as he noticed an uncomfortable competition developing between the boys. Whatever one of the boys did, Weylyn would try to do better, although he seemed particularly eager to outshine Keane.
Stephen was greatly disturbed when he overheard Weylyn bragging to the younger boys that he would be tournament champion before any of them because they could not enter until two years after him. He bragged that they would never match his skill because he would have more experience by the time they were finally old enough to enter. Stephen worried about the changes he saw in the young man, but he did not know what he could do about it.
Stephen tried to spend some more time with Weylyn, teaching him his philosophy about life and how to manage power. He tried to explain the responsibilities Weylyn would face as a knight and how their purpose was to serve the King and his people, but the message seemed lost. Even though Weylyn always seemed to be paying attention, Stephen continued to feel that he was not connecting with the young man. 
Weylyn entered the tournament at Weatherton in the year after his eighteenth birthday. He had been livid when Stephen had refused to bend the rules and allow him to compete before he turned eighteen the year before. He kept pointing out that his birthday was only three months after the fair, but Stephen had held firm. He had officially been knighted by Stephen on his eighteenth birthday, swearing an oath of fealty to Stephen and the King. Stephen had mixed feelings about the upcoming competition. He always wanted his men to succeed, but he also felt that Weylyn needed to experience defeat, he desperately needed to learn some humility.
The entire family was in the stands to watch the jousting competition as Weylyn took the field. Stephen had not shared his concerns with the others over the years and he noticed that everyone cheered Weylyn on. Even the boys, to whom Weylyn had been so cruel, cheered him as a representative of the House of Larcond. Despite their efforts, and to Stephen’s secret relief, Weylyn did not advance past the first round. His disappointment was evident as he stormed around the tent, snapping at everyone who crossed his path. Eventually, Stephen ordered him to leave the tent and not to return until he had control over his emotions. Again, Stephen questioned whether Weylyn had the inner strength necessary for success as a knight.
Before the end of the fair, Stephen had a chance to meet with Quinn. He had been monitoring the increase in the number of emergences each year and was surprised to hear that Quinn had found nearly fifty new elementals in the past year, most under twelve years of age. If his calculations were correct, there were now nearly a thousand elementals throughout the kingdom. So many now existed that they had decided to have meetings at every provincial fair. Quinn managed to make all of them and delivered reports from around the kingdom at each fair.
That summer, Stephen was disturbed by early reports of a strange and powerful illness sweeping the land. It had already taken a hundred or more lives by the time word reached him and Stephen quickly dispatched news of the illness to the King. He also sent a messenger to Evelyn requesting that she come immediately. She arrived the same day that Stephen received word of the first case of the sickness in Larcond. He immediately set out for the house where the sick family lived with Evelyn at his side. They entered the house and Stephen introduced Evelyn as a healer. She quickly pulled herbs from a pouch hanging from her belt and made tea for the family. As she fed the tea to each person, Evelyn was careful to make sure that she touched their foreheads as if checking for fever. They all recovered at her touch, although weak from the aftereffects of the illness. Evelyn and Stephen left after she instructed the family to drink the tea every day for the next week to keep the fever from returning. The family was so grateful that they never questioned the sudden reversal of their symptoms and illness.
Evelyn sagged into one of the chairs in the great hall as soon as they returned to the castle. She was tired from her efforts, but happy that she had been able to help.
“How bad is it?” Stephen asked quietly.
“It is a strong illness, but I think I can help minimize it if we act quickly.” Evelyn replied. “I will need help you know.” She said, eyeing Stephen intently.
“Evan?” Stephen asked, sensing the direction of her thoughts. 
“And Quinn if you can find him.” Evelyn replied with a nod.
“Weatherton is the hardest hit. Do you think you could be ready to leave within the hour?” Stephen asked and was pleased when she nodded affirmatively.
A little over an hour later, Stephen, Cedric, Evelyn, and Evan set out for Weatherton. They found victims of the fever and sickness in every town they passed. Evelyn and Evan worked to heal them under the guise of giving them tea disguised as medicine. Few questioned Evan’s presence. His quiet and peaceful personality put most people immediately at ease. Their plan worked and Evelyn was surprised at the strength Evan showed. He healed nearly twice as many people as she did before he grew tired. Still, between the two, they eradicated all signs of the illness as they traveled. By the time, they reached Weatherton, the illness had taken hold and nearly every family had suffered from it and fully a third of those had died. So many had died that the townspeople had been forced to give up burials in favor of mass funeral pyres which burned throughout the day and night.
As the group moved from house to house, Stephen ordered the healed villagers to leave town until given the all clear to return. They moved quickly, but still had to stop whenever Evelyn and Evan grew tired. After three days, Quinn joined the pair and they moved faster. They used the time it took for them to recover as an excuse to sleep, but immediately went back to work as soon as the three lights were ready. After ten days, the entire village had been cleared of all signs of illness and Stephen issued the all clear, allowing the villagers to return home. 
Fall had arrived by the time the weary group arrived home. Word had spread throughout the kingdom of their efforts and they were considered heroes who had risked their lives in the service of others. Both Quinn and Evelyn told Stephen that if Evan had not been so powerful the illness might have spread out of their control and eventually swept through the entire kingdom. Evan shrugged at their praise, recognizing that his abilities were a gift and not of his own making. Stephen was proud of his son’s humble nature and knew that this would not be the last time his son sacrificed himself for others.
Over the fall and early winter months, the illness reappeared several times, but Evan and Quinn quickly suppressed the outbreaks. In a small town near Larcond, Quinn and Evan had arrived too late for one family. Both were surprised when they entered the small house to find both parents already dead from the fever. The couple had three children, two already dead from the fever, the third near death and blind from its ravages. Despite their shock at the tragedy, both were even more surprised by the fact that the remaining child, a ten-year old girl, glowed brilliantly. After healing her, Evan revealed to his father that she was a light. Stephen moved on with Evan to help other families suffering from the illness, but Quinn stayed with the girl.
Quinn mourned the loss of her eyes and thus her rare gift. He was startled the next night when he looked up and found her standing beside him, having found her way despite her blindness.
“Are you alright, child?” Quinn asked.
“I feel fine.” She replied, but she stared in Quinn’s direction with wonder on her face.
“Is there something wrong?” Quinn asked.
“I don’t know if it is wrong, but there is something very different.” The little girl replied, still staring at him.
“What is it?” Quinn asked with concern.
“I can see you.” The girl whispered.
“Your sight is returning?” Quinn asked eagerly, hope filling him.
“No. I can’t see anything else, but I can see you.” The girl replied, still staring at him.
“Tell me what you see.” Quinn asked softly.
“I can see a white glow in the shape of your body. It is very bright. I could see it through the wall.” She replied.
Quinn gaped at her in wonder. Perhaps her gift wasn’t lost to them after all. He suddenly had a thought.
“Child, I am going to go outside and get someone. I will bring them in with me, but I don’t want you to say anything. After they leave, I want you to tell me what you saw. Alright?” He asked.
“Alright.” The girl nodded, her eyes wide.
Quinn was only outside for a moment before he reentered the cottage, directing a boy forward with a tray of food and spiced wine. The boy crossed the room and set the food on the table and then turned to Quinn for payment. After he paid the boy for his service, the lad left the cottage and Quinn turned back to the little girl. 
“Well?” Quinn asked after the door closed.
“I could see him too.” The girl replied.
Quinn’s heart fell, if she could see him as well, then her gift may have given her the ability to see people, but it was not the precious gift the elementals needed.
“Why is he blue?” The little girl asked suddenly, jerking Quinn out of his musings.
“The boy was blue?” Quinn asked in wonder, thrilled at the news.
The child nodded and Quinn walked over to sit beside her. He asked her to sit beside him and spent the next several hours carefully explaining about the elementals and the gifts they all shared. She sat and listened intently, enraptured by his words. She never interrupted him, but absorbed every word he said.
“Will you keep all of this to yourself, little one?” Quinn finally asked.
The girl nodded her head. “I will, if you will help me.” She whispered. “But, can you call me by my name?”
“What is your name?” Quinn said with a laugh.
“Cecelia.” She replied with the first smile he had seen since they found her.
Stephen was shocked to hear the news of Cecilia’s gift when Quinn informed him a few weeks later.
“How can she be a light elemental if she is blind?” Stephen asked.
“According to her, she can see non-elementals as dark, blue shapes on a dark, black background. Elementals have a white glow she can see even through her blindness.” Quinn replied.
“That’s remarkable.” Weylyn remarked from his chair off to the side.
Quinn nodded his head. “I’ve found her a home with some elementals in a town north of here.” He informed them.
“Good.” Stephen replied, impressed as always with Quinn’s ingenuity and resourcefulness.
Late that same winter, Stephen was awakened by a guard pounding on his chamber door. Moira sat up in bed, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes as Stephen struggled into his dressing robe and headed for the door.
“What is it?” Stephen demanded from the guard outside the door.
“There is a fire in the village, Your Grace.” The guard replied.
“Get Cedric and tell him I’ll meet him in the hall. Have our horses ready.” Stephen replied before turning back into the room and shutting the door.
“I’m coming with you.” Moira said as she got out of bed and hurried to dress.
“I assumed you would.” Stephen said as he shrugged out of his robe and hurried to dress.
Stephen and Moira met Cedric in the hall and they quickly roused the younger elementals to help. Despite their youth, their powers and control were remarkable, and they needed all the help they could get. Stephen’s soldiers had all gathered in the courtyard to await Stephen’s instructions. Weylyn was with the others and Stephen motioned for him to join him as he mounted his horse as Cedric mounted his own. The group then headed out of the courtyard through the castle gates behind Stephen in the direction of the flames and shouts coming from the village. They arrived in the street, several houses away from the roaring flames to discover that the fire already engulfed six houses.  Stephen immediately organized water brigades and his soldiers and the villagers moved quickly to stop the fire and save the village. Under the cover of darkness, Stephen and Weylyn discretely worked to suppress the flames while Cedric pushed the flames away from nearby structures with the wind on one side of the fire, while Moira directed Keane, Etain, Brent, and Evan from the other side. 
Etain worked to extinguish a fire enveloping a small house on the edge, but she continued to struggle with this part of her abilities. As she concentrated, she inadvertently moved closer to the building. She managed to extinguish the fire, but as she turned to move away, the structure began to collapse, the outer wall pitching over on top of her. Keane saw the impending disaster and quickly sent a gust of wind that shifted the debris as it fell, causing it to narrowly miss Etain. 
“Thanks,” Etain breathed in relief as she gingerly stepped around the hot embers to safety.
“That was close.” Keane sighed, relieved that he had been nearby.
 Twice, Stephen had to caution Weylyn as his movements became too flamboyant and he risked exposing what they were doing. Long after the fire had gone out and the villagers whose homes had been destroyed were relocated, Stephen lay awake in his bed thinking of Weylyn’s behavior. It seemed like Weylyn almost wanted people to learn of his powers. Stephen hoped he was wrong, but he knew that he would have to speak to the young man.
The next morning, Stephen sought out Weylyn on the training fields and asked to speak with him. Weylyn trailed along behind him, clearly concerned about what Stephen might have to say. Stephen did not speak, but merely led Weylyn up into the library in the front tower. He motioned for Weylyn to take a seat and then took one of the chairs himself.
“Weylyn, I would like to speak to you about last night.” Stephen began.
Weylyn nodded his head but did not speak.
“You did an excellent job fighting the fire last night.” Stephen remarked, hoping to start on a lighter note, but the proud gleam in the young man’s eyes at his words disturbed him. “I am a little concerned about how close you came on a couple of occasions last night to revealing yourself.”
“Why would that have been so bad?” Weylyn asked, confirming Stephen’s worst fears.
“If one of us is exposed, we are all at risk for exposure, it’s not fair for any one of us to put the others at risk.” Stephen explained patiently. 
“You act as if the only reaction of the people would be fear, but what if the people embraced us, or respected us for our power?” Weylyn replied.
“History tells us that when non-elementals discover our powers, even if our actions benefited them, they fear and despise us.” Stephen answered rationally.
“It’s not fair that we have to hide who we are!” Weylyn cried out suddenly. “We should be able to proudly show what we can do!”
“Weylyn.” Stephen said softly. “It may not be fair, but it is the way things are.”
“Why can’t we at least try?” Weylyn asked eagerly.
“What if we try and fail?” Stephen countered, but Weylyn remained silent. “I will not risk my wife and family just on the chance that people might admire my abilities.” Stephen said seriously.
Weylyn looked away, unable to meet Stephen’s eyes.
“Do you understand why we must protect the secret?” Stephen asked after a moment.
“Yes.” Weylyn muttered.
“We have one destiny, Weylyn." Stephen reminded him, but Weylyn just shrugged. “I’m afraid I must ask for an oath from you that as my vassal you will never reveal your powers to any non-elemental without the express permission of the society.” He ordered in a commanding tone.
“Yes, Your Grace.” Weylyn replied respectfully.
Stephen nodded in affirmation before dismissing Weylyn and ordering him to return to the practice fields. He remained in the tower for a long time, contemplating the eagerness he had seen in Weylyn’s eyes. Once again. Stephen regretted having ever taught Weylyn about his powers and having revealed the existence of the society. Stephen wished that he could distance himself from the young man, but he recognized that the only way he could protect the others was by keeping Weylyn close at hand.

Chapter 23
The following year, they all journeyed to the fair again. This time, Weylyn had greater control over his emotions and Stephen was pleased to see the young man advance to the final round, even though he did not win the tournament. Cedric encouraged him that if he kept improving, he would become tournament champion one day for sure.
That same year, Etain and Jennyfer made their debuts at the ball at the start of the fair in Weatherton. Even though Etain would not turn sixteen until June, Stephen relented after denying her numerous requests when Moira pointed out that most young women her age were allowed attend. He enjoyed watching the two young women dance beneath the stars. He was amazed at the changes he saw in both girls over the past year. Jennyfer had her father’s black hair and fair complexion. She was pleasant to look upon and her beauty advanced with each year, but Etain’s beauty startled Stephen. She looked so much like her mother had when he had met her. Her long blond hair swung at her waist as she moved, and an attractive blush deepened her cheeks from the exertion and excitement of the dance. Stephen inwardly groaned as he thought of the years to come and the suitors who would surely be beating down his door. Moira just laughed when he told her of his concerns later that night. Her laughter increased when his face drained with color at her suggestion that Etain might marry within a few years and solve the problem for him.
Weylyn also noticed Etain for the first time that night, but Stephen would have been appalled if he could have read the young man’s mind. That night, Weylyn began planning the future he planned to have with Etain as his bride. He dreamed of the twins dying and of becoming the Duke with Etain at his side. He knew that he would be the best Duke the province had ever seen. He would rule with an iron fist and people would grovel at his feet. Deep inside, he was positive that he deserved Etain for his bride and that he could be one of the greatest peers of the realm if given the chance.
As a reward for everyone’s hard work, Stephen took the entire household to Cathal for the Royal Tournament that year. Moira spent all her time with Owen’s wife Nareen who had just given birth to their second child, a daughter named Oriana for her fine blond hair. Evan immediately confirmed that he sensed water in her. Owen was pleased to hear that both of his children were elementals and was finally given permission to reveal the society to Nareen.
The family had gathered in their tent one night when the boys, along with Weylyn, burst through the tent flap. “We have a problem, Father.” Brent quickly told them.
“What’s wrong?” Stephen asked as he stood up.
“A young wind just got caught using his powers on the edge of the tournament grounds. They are getting ready to burn him now.” Brent quickly replied.
“Take me there.” Stephen demanded and they quickly left the tent with Cedric in tow.
As they quickly made their way through the crowded tournament grounds, Brent explained what had happened. “He was sitting in the dirt beside his tent making dust devils. He can’t be more than five or six.”
“Is there anyway we could argue that they misinterpreted what they saw?” Cedric asked.
“No.” Evan answered sadly. “His gestures were flamboyant. It was obvious.”
“I smell smoke!” Brent shouted and they all broke into a run.
As they passed a large tent on the edge of the grounds, they spotted a crowd gathered in the meadow. They had hastily constructed a pyre and filled it with hay. The hay was quickly ignited, and a fire already burned strongly. Just as they rounded the corner, they saw the crowd toss the child, bound in ropes, on top of the fire as he screamed.
“We have to stop them!” Weylyn yelled as he started to rush forward, but Stephen restrained him. All the people had gathered around the fire across the meadow, and no one was paying them any attention.
“It’s too late.” Stephen told him sadly.
“It’s not!” I can stop the fire and Evan can heal him!” Weylyn insisted.
“His cries have already stopped.” Evan said sadly. “He is beyond my abilities.”
“Then let’s avenge him.” Weylyn demanded, his jaw clenched in anger.
“You would risk everything.” Cedric reasoned.
“You can’t possibly know that.” Weylyn argued.
“One heart, one people, one destiny.” Stephen reminded him as he put a head on his chest and looked into his eyes. “The actions of a few can change the course of the future for all. We do not have the right to make that decision.”
“It will happen eventually, and you know it. Why not today?”
“Maybe.” Stephen replied. “As our powers grow and continue emerging at such young ages it may eventually happen, but not today, not now.”
Weylyn glared at Stephen, but he backed down and then stormed back to the tent without saying another word.
Stephen and Cedric turned away from the fire and slowly made their way back to the tent. But Brent, Evan, and Keane lingered after their fathers left. “He is going to be trouble.” Brent reasoned.
“What can we do about it?” Evan asked.
“Watch him, for all our sakes.” Keane replied as he turned away. He didn’t see Brent and Evan nod their heads in agreement before they silently turned and followed him, but he didn’t need to. They all knew they had no other choice.
Despite the horrific events, the tournament progressed normally. Etain and Jennyfer weren’t happy that their fathers refused to allow them to be presented at court, but both men wanted their daughters to have more time before they faced a throng of suitors. Stephen was especially concerned, knowing that Etain would be relentlessly pursued for her rank as well as her beauty. Even with their disappointment, the young ladies still had a wonderful time. They spent their days roaming between the events and the market streets and side shows. 
The young men joked with each other and ate something from nearly every vender they passed, their appetites insatiable. They stopped to watch a traveling troupe of minstrels and actors perform and were delighted when they realized that the story was of one of Cedric’s victories in Cathal. Brent and Evan teased Keane and Jennyfer mercilessly when the male actor playing the role of Alana pretended to faint on stage and was gallantly carried off by the actor playing Cedric. It was a carefree time and they all knew that it was one of their last flings of childhood. By this time next year, Keane and the twins would officially be knights and the ladies would be formally receiving suitors. The only thing that marred the trip for Etain was Weylyn’s constant presence. He seemed to be everywhere she went, hanging off her arm. She didn’t understand his increased attention and it made her nervous.
Although she told no one, Etain’s life became a nightmare from that summer onward. Weylyn managed to catch her alone at least several times a week despite her best efforts to avoid him. He always stood to close or managed to touch her in some way that made her uncomfortable.  He spent most of his time bragging about his abilities on the field and making suggestions about what might happen if two strong fire elementals had a child. Etain did not miss the meaning behind the suggestion and her stomach curled in revulsion at the thought of marrying him. 
Over the years, she had found every excuse possible to watch the boys without them knowing she was around. She was a tomboy at heart and preferred watching the men train for hours to working on needlepoint in the hall. From her vantage point, Etain had come to know each of them better than nearly everyone else. Weylyn terrified her. Over the years, she had witnessed many things no else had and she knew of his dark side. She had seen the scowls on his face whenever someone bested him on the field, especially if it was Keane or one of the twins. 
One day, after a particularly rough training match on the field. Etain watched from her position hidden in the foliage of a high tree as Weylyn stormed off the field. She could tell by the way he moved that he was livid. He had been unseated by one of the knights and the knight had shoved Weylyn to the ground after Weylyn accused the knight of cheating during the match. One of the castle dogs came running forward, begging for food or attention as the animals usually did, but Weylyn had kicked the animal in its side, sending the dog flying. Before Etain could scramble out of the tree, the dog had regained its feet and limped away. Etain noticed that the dog never approached people again, and eventually the animal disappeared. She could only assume that the dog had gone to live in the wild, far away from humans.
Just after he became a knight, Etain had witnessed Weylyn training at the sword with a young squire of no more than thirteen. The boy showed remarkable skill for one so young and he managed to strike Weylyn in the ribs with the side of his wooden sword. Weylyn had immediately called an end to the practice session, but as the boy turned to walk away, Weylyn had delivered a viscous kick in the small of the lad’s back. As the squire rolled on the ground in pain, Weylyn had walked over and spat on him, yelling that he should know better than to ever strike a knight. As soon as Weylyn had departed, Etain had rushed forward and helped the lad to his feet, who was clearly embarrassed and in severe pain. Despite his weak protests, Etain helped the squire back to his quarters and then ran for her brother. When she found Evan, she quickly explained that a squire had been injured, but she left out the part about how, too inexperienced to know that Weylyn did not have the right as a knight to behave the way he had. She then asked Evan to wait in the courtyard while she disappeared through the back servants’ entrance into the kitchen. After a few moments, Etain returned carrying a small leather pouch and a tankard. The two then rushed to the squire’s side.
“My brother and I have come to help you.” Etain told the squire. She helped him to sit up and then took some crushed, dried leaves from the pouch and mixed them in some watered-down ale in the tankard.
“Drink this and it will help ease your pain.” Etain said as she handed him the tankard. 
She waited until he had finished it all before turning to Evan and suggesting that he examine the squire’s wound with a meaningful glance. Evan quickly understood what she wanted him to do and he gestured for the squire to turn and let him look at his back. Evan then gently laid his hand upon the injury and pretended to examine it. Etain could tell from the lad’s face that the pain was leaving him. After a moment, Evan moved away and declared that he thought the injury was not severe and that the lad should make a full recovery. Etain left the pouch at the bedside and instructed the squire to drink a full glass of ale with a pinch of the powder twice a day for a week to avoid the pain returning. Both Etain and Evan could see the gratitude on the lad’s face as they left.
“What was in the pouch?” Evan asked as soon as they were out of earshot.
“Just some dried out tea leaves.” Etain said with a laugh, pleased that her plan had worked.
Not long after the incident with the squire, Etain had been down in the village market to pick up some fabric for her mother. As she passed a dark alley between one of the local taverns and a small spice shop, Etain had heard a strange noise that sounded like someone moaning in pain. She had ventured into the alley to see if someone needed help but was appalled by what she discovered. Weylyn had a barmaid pressed up against the tavern wall, her skirts up around her waist and his pants down around his ankles. The moans she had heard were coming from the girl. Weylyn’s long tunic spared her from seeing anything more than their bare legs, but Etain had heard enough stories from the men she spied on to know exactly what was happening. Etain immediately turned and fled from the alley in horror over what she had witnessed. Fortunately, she didn’t believe that either of them had even realized she was there. 
Several months later, Etain was again shopping in the market and had seen the same girl ask if Weylyn would come and speak with her. There was something about the urgency in the young woman’s voice that made Etain follow them. She hid in the shadows behind a hay pile, from where she could see and hear their exchange.
As soon as they had entered the dark alley, Weylyn tried to pull the girl into his embrace but she pushed him away. "We need to talk, Weylyn." She insisted; but he ignored her and shoved her up against the wall while he tried to kiss her.
“Weylyn, stop!” The girl finally screeched.
“I know I’ve told you before that you are to always call me ‘Sir Weylyn’” he hissed.
 “I’m sorry, Sir Weylyn.” The girl whimpered. “I forgot. Please, I need to tell you something.” She said as she struggled to push him away.
“What is so important?” Weylyn asked dropping his hands, clearly infuriated with her.
“I’m, I’m, well, I’m with child.” The girl stammered. “The child is yours.” She added when he didn’t say anything.
Suddenly, Weylyn viciously backhanded the girl. “I can’t believe you are so stupid.” He spat at her as she cringed in fright, blood already trickling from a split lip. Etain bit down hard upon her fist to remain quiet, she was so frightened by the anger and violence he displayed.
Weylyn delivered a brutal punch to the girl’s ribs. She collapsed to the ground at his feet, struggling to breathe. He stared down at her in disgust before ordering her to never speak to him again. He then kicked her in the ribs before turning and storming out of the alley. As the girl lay sobbing on the ground, Etain left the safety of her position and moved to help the bar maid sit up.
“Are you alright?” Etain asked.
“I’m fine,” the girl answered, holding her bruised ribs and sucking in air painfully.
“Let me help you home.”
“No.” The girl answered angrily. “It’s all your fault anyway.”
“What?” Etain replied in shock over the girl’s accusation.
“You think I don’t recognize you?” The girl hissed as she shakily gained her feet. “You’ve stolen him from me!”
“I assure you, I have done nothing of the sort.”
“He talks of nothing but you now. I thought the baby would change his mind, but clearly you have bewitched him.”
“Please believe me, I have done nothing to encourage him.”
“Your existence encourages him!” She hissed at Etain. “Just leave me be!”
Etain backed away sadly and watched as the young woman slowly made her way out of the alley. Many months later, Etain had seen the girl around the tavern with a baby. As far as she knew, Weylyn never acknowledged the child or provided for his son’s support.
Etain began to feel like a prisoner in her own home. She rarely ventured anywhere alone, afraid that Weylyn might seek her out. If she walked through town, he strolled along behind her, watching her every move. When she went riding, even with an escort he would always turn up. Once as she prepared to ride, she asked the steward to send for an escort to ride with her. To her dismay, she found Weylyn mounted on his horse next to hers, a wicked grin on his face. She had spent the entire ride at a gallop, refusing to spend a moment alone with him. Several times she had found herself at his mercy when dismounting and he always managed to brush his hand against her breasts as he lifted her down. The man was a pig.
Keane, on the other hand, was the exact opposite. He captured her attention and she found herself thinking about him at the weirdest times throughout the day. From her experience, Etain knew him to be a kind young man. Even as a child he had always thought of others first. When the boys would play, Keane was always the peace maker. No matter what the problem, he always had a solution. A friend to everyone who met him, Keane possessed an infectious personality that made people crave to be around him. Even the senior knights flocked to be with him. He was always full of laughter and was a loyal friend. Unfortunately for Etain, she knew he cared no differently for her than he did for his sister Jennyfer. As a matter of fact, Keane had seemed to grow more and more distant over the past year. He no longer helped her train in the evenings and her brothers just shrugged when she asked where he was.
For Keane, life had become a nightmare as well. Every day he was forced to listen to Weylyn brag about his relationship with Etain. He told the other young men how much Etain favored him and of how they would soon announce their betrothal. Brent and Evan were secretly appalled that their sister would even consider marrying Weylyn, but they felt that they had little say in the matter. They knew that Keane was in love with her and they felt sorry for their friend. Whenever Weylyn started talking about walking in town with Etain, or riding in the forest alone with her, they would try to steer the conversation toward another topic, but they could see Keane’s face turn purple with anger. Keane felt even more strongly than they did that Weylyn was not worthy of Etain. They all sensed an arrogance and resentment in Weylyn that made it hard for them to trust him. In the spring, Keane was so convinced that Etain would soon belong to Weylyn that he avoided her at all costs. He couldn’t stand to be around her, knowing that she would never be his.
By the fair in April, Keane and Etain rarely spoke to one another. Everyone else was excited because the twins and Keane were old enough to enter the tournament and failed to notice the tension between the two. Etain tried to show excitement as Jennyfer looked forward to the coming banquet, but Etain feared that she would be forced to dance with Weylyn. The night of the ball was bright and the stars shone high in sky. Etain took the floor and was pleased that her brother Brent asked for her first dance. She shared the next with Evan, but to her dismay, he handed her off to Weylyn for the third dance. To her relief and surprise, Keane asked for her hand in the fourth dance and Weylyn was forced to release her because of Keane’s higher rank.
“Are you all right?” Keane asked her as they danced. He didn’t know why he had decided to torture himself by dancing with her, but there was something about her tonight that bothered him. Something in her eyes gave away the inner turmoil she was feeling.
“I’m just a little overheated, I suppose.” Etain replied evasively.
“Then let’s take a walk.” Keane said and to her delight he expertly swung her away from the other dancers and then linked her arm in his for a stroll. Neither of them spoke until they had moved off into the shadows away from the crowd. Keane couldn’t believe what he was doing. Being alone with her only made things worse.
“Do you want to tell me what’s really bothering you?” Keane asked once they were out of earshot from everyone else.
Etain glanced up at him in surprise before answering, “I guess I just didn’t like all of my dance partners this evening.” She replied honestly.
“Didn’t want to dance with your brothers?” Keane asked, suppressing a chuckle.
“No. They were fine.” She replied, looking away.
“Weylyn?” Keane asked in surprise.
Etain nodded, blushing furiously and still refusing to meet his eyes.
“There’s more to this than what you are telling me.” Keane said thoughtfully. “Did the two of you have a lover’s quarrel?” He asked, masking his own pain with a hint of sarcasm.
“No! How can you even suggest that?” Etain asked angrily as she jerked her hand off his arm.
“Weylyn says the two of you are only waiting for you to get a little older before he asks your father for your hand in marriage.” Keane replied as he studied her face.
“What!” Etain exclaimed in shock, her stomach doing summersaults at the knowledge that Weylyn was telling people that she had feelings for him. Her face paled and she suddenly felt as if she might faint. Keane immediately noticed the change in her, and he reached out and steadied her with both of his hands.
“I take it that his version is not entirely accurate?” Keane said with a chuckle, inordinately pleased with the news.
“No! Not in the slightest.” Etain said forcefully as she gulped for air. “I have to work to avoid him to protect myself in fact.” She said honestly, not realizing that she was revealing more than she had planned.
“What do you mean?” Keane asked, turning her to face him, suddenly angrier than he had ever been before. “Has he acted inappropriately with you?”
Etain nodded her head and looked away, embarrassed and unable to meet his gaze. “He never leaves me alone. Everywhere I go, he’s there.” She whispered.
“Don’t worry.” Keane said, releasing her arms and tucking her hand in his once again as he turned them both around and headed back toward the crowds. “I’ll talk with your brothers and we’ll keep him away from you.” He promised. Just before they reached the rest of the revelers, Keane stopped and looked down at Etain. She glanced back up at him, confused over his sudden stop. “You know, I guess this means the rest of us still have a chance with you after all.” Keane said with a wink before he turned and walked away, leaving Etain to stare after him in surprise.

Chapter 24
The fair was an outstanding success as far as everyone involved was concerned. It was a challenging competition full of jaw-dropping moments and incredible acts of skill. At the start of the competition, Evan came in second in the archery competition to everyone’s delight. Etain secretly knew that Evan greatly favored archery because he preferred inanimate targets. Brent surprised everyone by winning the sword competition in his very first year. Everyone who saw him compete agreed that he had the most natural skill and grace they had ever seen in one so young. He wielded his sword as if it were an extension of his body, never wavering or faltering in his swings. The joust featured many skilled knights this year, but Weylyn finally won. To Weylyn’s dismay, Keane came in third despite it being his very first competition. 
Etain even enjoyed the fair because her brothers and Keane tried to spend all their time not on the fields with her and she spent the rest of her time seated safely in the stands with her parents. They escorted Etain and Jennyfer down the market streets to watch all the various shows and to view the goods for sale. Etain was shocked at the difference in the way Keane treated her. It was as if he had suddenly become aware of her existence. Everywhere they went he kept her arm linked in his. Secretly she hoped that he was interested in her and had merely avoided her because of the lies Weylyn had been spreading. Unfortunately, she feared that he was most likely trying to protect her with no further thought for her than those shared by her brothers. Still, her heart raced with each touch of his hand on her arm or the small of her back as he guided her through town.
When they returned to the castle, Etain found new freedom as Weylyn seemed to have backed off, perhaps from something one of the boys had said. It didn’t matter to her, she just enjoyed being able to move around the castle grounds without fear again. The entire castle was excited about the royal tournament this year. Brent planned to enter the sword competition and he practiced from sun-up to sun-down nearly every single day.  Both Weylyn and Keane were entered in the joust. Evan had finally decided to enter the archery contest with his father’s encouragement.
The women spent most of their time sewing new garments for the young ladies first royal ball. Jennyfer and Etain were excited about their first official visit to court and spoke of little else over the next few weeks. Just three weeks before the tournament Etain finally noticed that Jennyfer no longer spent all her time sewing. On several occasions, she found her watching Evan practice from the far end of the field. She was surprised to discover that Jennyfer felt the same way about Evan that she had felt about Keane. She was deeply in love with him, but she was afraid that he barely even knew she was alive.
A week before they were all scheduled to leave, Etain finished her last gown and decided to take a walk and stretch her sore muscles. Jennyfer and Moira were still working, so Etain set out on her own. It was near dusk and Etain headed for the wall at the back of the castle so that she could watch the sunset. She didn’t hear the approaching footsteps until they were nearly upon her. She spun around, and to her horror, came face to face with Weylyn.
“Weylyn,” she gasped. “I didn’t expect to see you here.” She said.
“I expect not.” Weylyn replied. “But I have been waiting for a chance to see you.” He said stepping closer.
“I’m sorry, I forgot that I am needed at the castle.” Etain said lamely as she tried to flee, but Weylyn grabbed her by the arm and forced her to face him.
“We’re not finished, sweetheart” Weylyn said as he grabbed her other arm and yanked her hard up against his chest as Etain gasped in outrage.
“Let me go!” Etain demanded trying to jerk away.
“Not yet, we have something to discuss first.” He hissed as he held her against him. “I know what you told your brothers and Keane, but it doesn’t matter, at least it won’t in a few weeks.” Weylyn said, his breath hot on her face.
“What do you mean?” Etain said, fear causing her voice to quiver.
“After I win the royal tournament, I intend to ask the King for your hand in marriage.” He sneered. “We both know that he won’t deny me. He loves tournament champions.”
“My father won’t allow it when I tell him what you’re really like.” Etain spat at him, struggling harder to get away.
“Your father will do whatever his King commands!” Weylyn said, squeezing her arms so hard that Etain knew she would have bruises. “As a matter of fact, I really don’t see a reason why I should deprive myself of your favors any longer.” Weylyn said as he twisted her arms behind her and lowered his mouth to hers in a painful kiss.
Suddenly, Weylyn was torn away from her and Etain staggered back. She was unsteady on her feet and it took a second for her to right herself. Her arms stung from the sudden release of pressure where he had gripped them so hard.
“Don’t ever touch her again!” Keane bellowed at Weylyn as he placed himself between the two of them his hands fisted at his sides and panting hard from the force of his anger.
“This is none of your concern!” Weylyn shouted back, equally incensed.
“Etain, do you wish to have anything further to do with this man?” Keane asked without turning to look at her.
“No. Never!” Etain replied forcefully.
“If you ever touch her again you will be forced to deal with me!” Keane shouted at Weylyn.
Weylyn studied the two of them for a moment before storming away, aware that he could not lay a hand on a future Lord of the Realm without facing dire consequences.
“Did he hurt you?” Keane asked turning to face Etain after Weylyn departed.
Etain could only nod her head as she started to cry. Keane quickly took her in his arms and gently patted her back, trying to soothe her.
“I’m sorry. I thought he had given up.” Keane offered apologetically.
“He’ll never give up.” Etain hissed brokenly.
“Why? What did he say?” Keane asked, leaning back to study her face.
“He plans on asking the King for my hand after he wins the tournament.” She whispered, tears flowing more freely as she thought of his threat.
“Does he?” Keane hissed. “Then I guess I’ll just have to beat him to the punch line.” Keane replied cryptically before turning and practically dragging her back to the castle.
Keane didn’t speak to Etain again before they left for the tournament, but she also noticed that she was never alone. Usually, Jennyfer was with her as the boys were all preparing for the events ahead. No matter where Etain went, Jennyfer found a reason to follow. Etain was so grateful for Jennyfer’s presence that she didn’t question her about. During the actual journey, Keane and her brothers rode alongside Etain and Jennyfer the entire way. Alana had decided not to make the journey this year as she was recovering from a bad cold, but she had wished all the men good luck before they left. They arrived a day before the tournament was scheduled to begin and the King immediately sent word officially welcoming them all to court. 
At the banquet the night the fair opened, Etain was relieved when her brothers and Keane remained at her side throughout the evening. Although they were not the only ones to dance with her. Etain’s beauty drew many to her side, including the Prince. Despite their age difference and the fact that he was married, Etain overheard him tell her brothers that it was a shame her father had hidden her away from court. Etain was appalled when he said that there were not enough beautiful young women at court to please him. She felt sorry for his wife who tried to hide her shame over his comments. After all, the King’s own daughter was only a year younger than Etain. Weylyn glowered at them from the sidelines, refusing to dance with anyone else.
The next day, they all sat in the stands to watch the archery contest. It was an exciting event with four front-runners who all fought for the championship with great skill. Evan fought hard and managed to make it to the final two. It was a close competition and the crowd roared in delight when the official declared Evan the victor. The next morning, they were all glad when they found that the sword matches Brent was scheduled for were assigned to different times than those Keane and Weylyn were scheduled for in the joust throughout the day. It was a busy day as they raced from one venue to the next, but they were all excited when by the end of the day all the men had advanced. That is everyone, except Etain. She had desperately hoped that Weylyn would make a critical mistake.
The next day dawned bright and warm. The sword competition would be decided this day, but in the joust, they would only know who would advance to the finals to be held the following day. The family missed one of Keane’s matches in order to watch Brent in the final match for the championship. His expertise was apparent to all and they screamed and roared in admiration when he won without his opponent scoring a single point. The crowds were astonished, and they knew that a new era of Larcond supremacy on the field was beginning before their very eyes. 
To Etain’s dismay, both Keane and Weylyn won all their matches and advanced to the final round. When Weylyn crossed paths with Etain later that evening, he leered at her as they both realized that he was only a few matches away from completing his threat. 
The following morning, dawned as brightly as the previous days, but Etain’s mood was dark, she was so afraid of what might happen. She took her place in the stands next to her brothers and settled in to watch the events, aware that her fate would be decided that day. With each match as the day wore on, Keane and Weylyn advanced further toward the final round. Etain thought that she would lose her lunch when Weylyn won his last match and ensured his place in the final match for the championship title. Keane took the field immediately after and secured his position in the final match to the delight of the entire family and especially his father. Weylyn strutted past them before the match and paused to glance meaningfully at Etain. He had already beat Keane once this year in competition and he was confident that with his experience he could do it again. In his eyes, Etain already belonged to him.
The trumpets sounded, declaring the start of the final match as both Keane and Weylyn rode onto the field and took up their positions at opposite ends. The flag dropped and the crowds roared as the knights charged down the field toward one another. Both lances struck and shattered against each other’s shields, scoring a point for each knight. The men lined up again at their ends of the field and prepared for the next round. Again, the flag dropped to the sound of the roaring crowds and they charged at each other once again. For the second time, both lances shattered, and the score remained tied as the knights passed each other on their way back to their starting positions. The two men glared at each other as they passed, their mutual hatred apparent to all.
Etain didn’t think she could watch the final round, she was already finding it hard to breathe. She didn’t know what would happen if the match came up a draw, she didn’t know of it ever having happened before in the final match. The men took up their position and sat ready, every muscle taut as the flag rose into the air. It dropped and their horses sprang forward for the final charge. Just as they neared the middle of the field, both men lined up on their opponent, but Keane had a slightly better angle and shoved his lance into Weylyn’s chest with all his strength. His lance instantly shattered from the force of the impact. Weylyn’s lance barely glanced off Keane’s shield without shattering. The entire family surged to their feet as they realized Keane had won three lances to two. Etain jumped to her feet and cheered as loudly as everyone else, overjoyed to realize that she was spared at least for the time being by Keane’s victory. Throughout the stands those who had been in attendance to watch his father joust began comparing the two men and debating over who would have won if they could have fought each other.
The next day, the entire family was in attendance for Keane’s public audience with the King and Queen. They were all already waiting inside the throne room when he arrived and strode forward to bow before the King and Queen. Stephen had spent the morning renewing his friendship with Lord Malcolm while Bryan spoke with Malcolm’s elderly father about the state of the province. He offered him his congratulations regarding his son William’s early successes in training. Everyone was saying that he was the only one who might stand a chance of beating Keane once he was old enough to compete next year. Malcolm was clearly proud of his son and he shared with pride how he had been named William after one of their ancient kings. 
Moira filled her time chatting with her brother and his wife about their young children and their plans for the winter festival. The children were doing well and to her delight, her brother promised to bring his family to Larcond for the holiday. They all stared at Brent with expressions of puzzlement when he chimed in that December was a wonderful time for a wedding. He refused to explain his statement and was spared further questioning by Keane’s arrival.
They all stopped their conversations and turned to watch Keane as he entered the room and strode forward to stand before the King and Queen. The entire hall grew silent as he approached the throne.
“Your Majesties” He said as he respectfully bowed.
“Welcome, Sir Keane.” The King replied warmly as Keane straightened up before him. “It seems like only yesterday when your father stood before us after his victory.” The King said with a smile.
“It is an honor to take his place before you now.” Keane replied honestly as Stephen patted Cedric on the back.
“That was one of the most exciting matches I have ever witnessed, that is except for a private one I had the privilege of seeing sixteen years ago.” The King said with a chuckle and a glance toward Stephen and Cedric who both grinned back at him and bowed their heads respectfully.
“It is tradition that we offer the tournament champion a substantial reward for his victory.” The King stated, changing the subject. “Do you have any idea of what reward we might bestow upon you?” He asked while spreading his hands out before him.
“Yes, Your Majesty, I have.” Keane replied. “I request the hand of Lady Etain Duchanne of the House of Larcond in marriage.” He said in a louder voice.
Stephen turned and stared at Moira in shock, but she was looking at the surprise on her daughter’s face. Giving up on his wife, Stephen turned toward his friend and was surprised to see him shake his head in return, he was clearly just as astonished. Stephen then looked at his sons and was even more amazed to find that they showed absolutely no surprise at the sudden turn of events. Clearly, they had been informed of what Keane planned to ask the King.
The King studied Keane carefully before answering. “A marriage between the House of Larcond and the House of Nolan.” He mused aloud while rubbing his chin in thought. “I don’t have any objection to the match. Very well, I hereby command that you receive the young lady’s hand in marriage before the year is out.”
Keane bowed low before the King as the King chuckled and waved his hand dismissing him. Keane quickly left the throne room without so much as glancing in Etain’s direction. After a few minutes, Evan slipped over and whispered in Etain’s ear that he would escort her back to the tent if she would just follow him out of the room. Together the two slowly made their way to the back of the room as the rest of the court waited for the King’s next audience. Evan knew that his father could not break away for several hours and that he had an opportunity to give Keane some time alone with Etain.
As soon as they left the throne room, Evan and Etain hurried out of the castle and waited impatiently outside for their mounts. Once their horses arrived, they rode quickly through the city and back to their tent near the tournament fields. Evan dismounted as soon as they arrived outside the tent and helped his sister to the ground. After a word with the guard at the entrance, Evan was assured that Keane was inside the tent. He swept the flap out of his sister’s way, but to her surprise he did not follow her inside. It only took a second for her to spot Keane leaning against the table. She stopped in her tracks and stared at him.
“Evan promised that he would do his best to get you out of there as quickly as possible.” Keane informed her, breaking the silence between them.
“Evan knew of your plans?” Etain asked, feeling betrayed by her brother.
“As did Brent.” Keane said nodding.
“But you didn’t feel it necessary to inform me?” Etain asked angrily.
“Would you rather I had let Weylyn have his way?” Keane asked, suddenly realizing how angry she was.
“That’s not fair, Keane.” Etain snapped. “Marriage to him would have been torture, but marriage without love is only slightly better.” She said, fighting back tears.
Instantly Keane realized that she had misunderstood the entire thing. She clearly thought he had acted only to protect her from Weylyn. Slowly, he moved away from the table and moved forward to stand before her.
“Etain. I would never want a marriage without love.” Keane whispered as he reached up and gently turned her face toward his, although she still averted her eyes from his.
“But you have just strapped yourself to me forever. The King will not change his mind.” Etain said, the tears now spilling down her cheeks, still refusing to meet his eyes.
“If he tried, I would fight for you.” Keane said softly. “Don’t you realize how much I love you?” He asked.
“You do?” Etain whispered in surprise, finally meeting his gaze.
“I’ve loved you for years.” Keane replied honestly. “I just thought that you wanted Weylyn.” He replied with a shrug.
“Never.” Etain whispered back. “There is only one man I have ever wanted.” She said forcefully.
“I hope that man is me.” Keane said as he pulled her into his arms. “Because I’m not going to give up my prize.” He said tilting his head back so that he could look into her face.
Etain nodded and Keane held her gaze as he slowly lowered his head and claimed the first kiss from his bride.

Chapter 25
The entire family had returned to the tent in an uproar over what had happened in the throne room, but they all calmed down and celebrated with the happy couple after realizing that it was what they both wanted. Stephen had a hard time getting over the shock of the knowledge that his youngest child would soon wed, but he took comfort in the knowledge that the man she would marry was, in his opinion, one of the finest in the kingdom. 
Only one thing marred the evening. Weylyn arrived shortly after the family having heard the news circulating among the crowds. He stormed into the tent and demanded to see Stephen alone.
“I think that Etain and Keane have the right to remain.” Stephen replied calmly to the young man.
Cedric, Moira and the twins all filed from the room, disappearing into the back areas of the tent.
“I have come to you to demand my right to marry your daughter.” Weylyn barked, his anger clearly apparent. 
“I’m afraid I don’t understand. I do not remember promising you my daughter’s hand.” Stephen replied in his most authoritative tone.
“I have served your family willingly for nine years without complaint and yet you allow this child,” Weylyn said while jerking his head in Keane’s direction, “to step in and take what should have rightfully been mine.”
“How dare you!” Keane bellowed and started forward, but Stephen stopped him with a wave of his hand.
“The King has already approved the match and ordered the two to marry before the year is out.” Stephen pointed out.
“The King respects you, he will listen if you tell him that I am your choice for your daughter.” Weylyn replied.
“I have also spoken with my daughter this afternoon and she is pleased with the match approved by the King.” Stephen said reasonably.
“Your daughter should not have a say in this matter.” Weylyn barked. “As your child, she is honor bound to do your bidding. I would be a perfect husband for her. Under my hand, she well learn her place”
“For my daughter’s sake, I am glad that I view her happiness differently than you obviously do.” Stephen snapped, his anger rising to the surface.
“You have never understood the importance of your position and what you can gain with it.” Weylyn shouted. “My father was right about you. He should never have trusted you with my training.”
“Your father is the most arrogant man I have ever known.” Stephen retorted. “He has always craved power, but he has never understood the responsibilities that power entails.” Stephen spat at him. 
“You are a fool!” Weylyn shouted back at him. “Even with powers as great as ours you have done nothing but work to suppress us all.”
“Get out!” Stephen bellowed, losing his control. “You are no longer welcome in this tent, or on Larcond land.”
“You’ll regret this.” Weylyn hissed as he stormed from the tent.
As soon as he was gone, Etain ran into Keane’s arms while the rest of the family emerged from where they had been listening behind one of the tent’s partitions.
“That man is dangerous.” Moira said as she came forward and slipped into her husband’s arms.
“What kind of trouble do you think he could cause?” Brent asked.
“He is capable of anything.” Etain whispered before she slowly filled them all in on what she knew about Weylyn with Keane’s silent encouragement.
“One thing is for certain,” Cedric said thoughtfully. “We all need to be on our guard.”
Shortly after midnight, Stephen awoke to the sound of loud voices and the smell of smoke wafting through the tent walls. He gently shook Moira awake and warned her that there was trouble. By the time, he emerged from their private quarters, the rest of them were stirring. Cedric met Stephen in the main section of the tent as their sons emerged sleepily from their pallets. Etain glided softly forward in the dark, hastily wrapped in her dressing gown as Moira appeared from behind Stephen.
“Brent, stay here with the women while we investigate.” Stephen ordered as he and the others left the tent.
Outside the tent there was pandemonium. The stadium surrounding the tournament grounds was on fire and people ran in all directions in fear that the fire would spread. Suddenly, Stephen spotted Weylyn standing not far away, silhouetted by the flames behind him.
“I told you I would make you pay.” Weylyn shouted before turning and running toward the crowd.
“Quickly, we must stop him.” Stephen said as he ran after him, the others right behind him, but they were too late.
“Watch me everyone!” Weylyn shouted at the crowd as he raised his hand and set the stall next to him on fire. “I am the power behind all of this.” He bellowed as people began to stop and stare in fear. The Duchannes and Nolans stopped several feet away, aware that there was little that they could do in front of so many others. The people screamed in astonishment as Weylyn raised his hand and the fire began to die at his command.
“Weylyn stop this.” Stephen cried through the screams of the crowd.
“I no longer live under your rules remember! You decided that!” Weylyn bellowed in return. “It is time that we all took the places our powers demand.” He shouted as he ran into the crowd and again shouted for their attention.
“Pay attention to what I have to say.” He hollered at the crowd. “We live among you, with the power to control even fire.” He screamed as he waved his hand and a nearby stall, far from the burning stadium erupted into flames. 
Suddenly, people stopped and stared at Weylyn in wonder, most now recognizing him from the games. He took advantage of their attention to start several more fires and then snuff them out before their very eyes.
“I told you we have the power, and there are many of us all around you.” Weylyn screamed, aware that he had their full attention. “Even the Duke of Larcond is one of us.” He yelled, pointing over at Stephen as the crowd gasped in surprise.
“Weylyn stop this.” Stephen said, stepping forward into the crowd.
“Why don’t you admit it to them, Your Grace?” Weylyn sneered as the crowd surrounded them.
“Don’t do this, Weylyn.” Stephen yelled again.
Weylyn turned and swept his hand in the direction of a tent next to where Stephen stood. The tent erupted in flames, and they all heard screams come from within the flaming tent as the fire quickly engulfed it.
Evan rushed forward and before his father could stop him, he raised his hands and then brought them down in a sweeping motion in the direction of the tent. Rain began to suddenly fall from the sky over the tent in torrential sheets. The flames were quenched in seconds and Cedric ran into the rubble and pulled out the family uninjured. The crowds were quiet as they all fell back in fear, realizing that what Weylyn said had to be true.
As the crowd watched in silence, Stephen and the others went around and slowly put out the fires. Stephen suppressed the flames as Cedric and Keane used their powers to drive the flames back over areas it had already burned, keeping the fires at bay by depriving them of fuel. Evan caused rain to appear over each of the fires until they were gone. They were all exhausted by the time all of the fires were out, and they walked back to their tent without a backward glance. The crowd followed behind them but stayed slightly back out of a combination of fear and awe. Weylyn watched in silence, knowing that he had achieved his goal and was patient enough to wait and see what would happen next.
Late the next afternoon, a Royal Guard appeared at the tent and ordered everyone to report immediately to the castle by the King’s command. Stephen gave Moira a hug and Keane took Etain by the arm as they all left the tent, only to discover that the King had sent a large force of armed guards to ensure their presence. Stephen ordered their horses brought round and they waited for only a moment before his guards returned with their mounts. The King’s men surrounded them as they traveled through the streets, all the peasants stopping to stare as they passed. Word had spread quickly, and many crossed themselves in fear when they saw them.
Upon their arrival at the castle, the guards parted, and Stephen and the rest of his party rode straight up to the main entrance before dismounting. Only two guards accompanied them inside and it wasn’t long before they reached the doors to the throne room. Stephen took a deep breath and gestured for the guards to open the door. As the doors swung open, Stephen passed through the entrance with the others close behind him. He was surprised to see that the throne room was full, and that Bryan and Evelyn were up near the throne. The Duke of Cathal and his wife stood off to the side of the dais, their faces somber. Malcolm was standing near his father, but he refused to meet Stephen’s gaze. Unfortunately, Weylyn was also standing before the King, a look of triumph upon his face despite the armed guard at his side.
“We are here at your command, Your Majesty.” Stephen said as they all bowed low before the King.
“I’ve heard many disturbing things this morning.” The King replied. “Would you care to tell me your version of the events that transpired last night?”
“I’m sure that the reports you received are fairly accurate, Your Majesty.” Stephen replied, realizing that there was little he could do to stop what was happening.
“Is it true that you and everyone here with you possess strange and miraculous powers?” The King asked.
“Yes, Your Majesty. We can show you if you will allow it.” Stephen answered honestly.
“Go ahead.” The King said with a wave of his hand.
“I possess the power to control wind and have some power over fire, Your Majesty.” Stephen began. “Moira, Cedric and Keane share my power over wind alone.” Stephen said as Cedric, Moira and Keane all stepped up next to him.
He turned and nodded at them and they all raised their hands and gently pushed them forward, sending a gust of wind throughout the throne room to the astonishment of the onlookers. The wind quickly died down and Brent stepped forward.
“I have the power of earth, Your Majesty.” Brent said with a bow. He reached out his hand and everyone in the hall gasped and reached out for each other as the stones beneath their feet began to vibrate. Brent closed his fist and the vibration ceased.
“And I have the power of fire, Your Majesty.” Etain said as she stepped forward. She pointed at an unlit torch near the dais upon which the King and Queen sat in their thrones and the oil in the torches’ basket burst into flame. After a moment, Etain lowered her hand and the flame snuffed out as the onlookers murmured in amazement.
“We have the power of water, Your Majesty.” Evan said as he and Jennyfer moved forward to stand with the others. They both raised their hands into the air and a gentle rain began to fall upon everyone in the throne room. All around the room, the people raised their hands to feel the soft drops fall upon them, but just as suddenly as it had begun, Evan and Jennyfer dropped their hands and the rain stopped.
“I also have another power, Your Majesty, but it is harder to explain.” Evan said. “I am what we call a light. I can sense others like us and even heal wounds and illness.” He said as the crowd gasped at the last part of his speech.
“That is impossible.” The King stammered.
“After everything you have just witnessed you think that is impossible?” Stephen asked incredulously.
“I can prove to you that what they say is true, Your Majesty.” Evelyn said stepping forward.
“Lady Evelyn, do you have knowledge of this as well?” The King asked in surprise.
“Yes. Your Majesty.” Evelyn replied. “I am sure that you remember the day sixteen years ago, when Moira risked her own life and that of her unborn children to save the Queen.” Evelyn asked, but did not continue until both the King and Queen nodded their heads in the affirmative. “Moira did sustain a fatal head injury, but I arrived just in time to heal her.” Evelyn said softly as the crowd gasped, catching the meaning in her words.
“So, you are one of them as well?” The King asked.
“Yes.” Evelyn replied calmly as she walked over to stand with the others before the King.
“Are there more of you?” The Queen astutely asked.
“There are well over a thousand.” Evelyn replied to the shock of everyone there.
The King was silent for a moment as he contemplated what he had seen and heard. He sat back heavily in his chair and stared at the Queen for a moment before speaking.
“Stephen, my old friend.” The King began. “I have learned much today, and it will take me some time to work it all out in my head. Will you promise to come back tomorrow and hear my decision?” The King asked.
“Yes, Your Majesty.” Stephen replied with a bow. “I am at your service as I have always been.” He said meaningfully.
“What?” Weylyn screamed, silent through everything until now. “Even now that our secret is out you still defer to one who has no powers.” Weylyn said with a sneer.
“Weylyn, shut your mouth.” Stephen snapped, turning to acknowledge his presence for the first time.
“I will not be silent any longer.” Weylyn shouted back. “We should be treated as gods, not made to defer to a powerless human.” Weylyn spat.
“How dare you!” The King bellowed, rising from his chair in anger.
“He is your King and you will defer to him.” Stephen yelled. “Remember that you took an oath of fealty!” He screamed in rage.
“I have no King!” Weylyn shouted in return just as he turned and set the entire platform ablaze as the King and Queen screamed in terror.
It was the hottest fire anyone had ever seen. The entire hall watched in horror as the King and Queen writhed in pain, their very flesh on fire. Etain and Stephen immediately tried to suppress it along with Evan and Jennyfer, but it took too long. By the time the fire was out, the King and Queen were mercifully dead. The smell of burned flesh and scorched wood filled the room.
“Kill them all!” One of the guards shouted as he rushed forward, his sword at the ready, but Keane was faster and he sent a burst of wind at the guard that was so powerful it lifted the man off his feet and threw him back across the hall where he slammed into the wall and collapsed to the floor.
Brent quickly slammed his hands down in a forceful motion, sending a powerful vibration out in a wave around them which increased in intensity as it moved away. By the time, it reached the onlookers surrounding them it carried enough force to knock most of them off their feet and cracked the stone floor and walls. Stephen and Moira sent gusts of wind in the direction of the few who remained standing as they all ran for the doors. 
As they burst through the doors, the group quickly made their way through the castle, using all their powers to subdue any guards who attempted to restrain them. They were unaware that Weylyn had set fire to the entire throne room as he fled, trapping many of the nobles inside.
Stephen and the rest of the group burst out into the courtyard at a full run. As they all headed for the corrals holding their horses, a group of guards spotted them and began to give chase, the archers firing a deadly onslaught into the small group. Keane stopped and sent an unbelievable force of wind in the direction of the guards at a furious and continuing pace, but it was too late. Stephen gasped as Moira collapsed to the ground.
He quickly ran to her side and turned her over in his arms. An arrow protruded from her chest directly over her heart. “Evan!” Stephen screamed. His son was at his side in seconds and he quickly yanked the arrow out and placed his hand over the wound in his mother’s chest. He immediately glanced at his father in fear.
“We have to hurry,” Stephen urged his son.
Evan tried desperately to will the energy from his own body into his mother’s as Evelyn reached her daughter’s side. He felt nothing and the knowledge that his mother was beyond healing hit him with horrendous force. Evelyn placed her hands on her daughter’s chest and Evan could tell that she realized the truth faster than Evan had.
“Stephen,” Evelyn said forcefully as she clasped his arm. “She’s gone. There is nothing we can do. We must get out of here.”
Stephen looked from his mother-in-law’s face to his son’s and instantly knew that they spoke the truth when he saw the agony mirrored in their eyes. His training took over and he knew that he needed to move quickly to save the rest of his family. Gently he kissed his wife’s forehead as he lowered her body to the ground and then herded his family toward the horses Brent was just then leading from the corral, unaware of the tragedy that had just befallen them.
 “Keane!” Etain shouted from atop her mount. “We must go now.”
“Go without me, I’ll catch up, I promise.” He shouted as he turned his attention back to the force he was generating, knowing that he was their only chance of escape.
Brent rode over and grabbed Etain’s reins, forcing her to come along with the rest of them. Just outside the gates, the group paused as Evelyn and Bryan broke off from the rest.
“We have to go and warn Owen,” Bryan shouted to Stephen.
“You know where to meet up!” Stephen yelled as they galloped away in the direction of their home. The group quickly moved down the street just as a guard screamed from the rampart to stop them, they had just murdered the King. The crowd took up the chase after them in a frenzy. It was a mad dash through the streets as the sun dipped low in the sky. Stephen knew that if they could get across the bridge and out of the city, they stood a chance of reaching safety under the cover of darkness. 
They all raced ahead of the mob on their horses and within minutes they galloped over the only bridge that crossed the river on the eastern side of the city. As soon as they were over, Stephen, Cedric and Brent pulled up short and jumped off their mounts. Brent immediately dropped to the ground and sent a tremor back across the water. Even from the other side, the group could see the dust rise as the ground shook from the force of the wave.
Stephen and Cedric both pushed the wind out ahead of them and across the water, creating a massive dust storm in the loose soil on the opposite shore which they sent barreling in the direction of the mob. While the wind did not harm anyone, it temporarily blinded the entire crowd and knocked many off their feet. 
“Fire the bridge Etain!” Stephen shouted as he and the others kept up their onslaught.
“But Keane is still in the city!” Etain yelled in response.
“I’m aware of that fact.” Stephen bellowed in return, feeling his strength ebb. “Fire the bridge or we all die.” He demanded.
With tears in her eyes, Etain turned and sent a wave of fire barreling over the bridge. It burned so hot and fast that within seconds the wooden center collapsed into the river below leaving only the stone supports on opposite banks behind. Stephen, Cedric and Brent, finally let up and they all stared across the water.
They could all see the red glow of fire emanating from the castle in the distance and numerous other fires burning throughout the city. They could only assume that the fires were started by Weylyn in his own flight from the castle and through the surrounding buildings. Judging by the fires, he had taken a path to the north toward the mountains of Piran. 
“Where is Mother?” Brent asked as he glanced around at their small group.
His brother and sister looked at his father, unable to answer him themselves. “She didn’t make it,” Stephen said sadly. Brent stared back at his father in shock and his shoulders sagged in defeat.
“Can you see their glow?” Etain asked Evan worriedly, unable to focus any longer on the loss of her mother.
“I can see the location of elementals all over the city.” Evan responded as he turned to look at her. “But I have no way of knowing who they are from here.” 
“Can you see anyone near the castle?” She asked anxiously.
“I’m sorry. I can’t” Evan said sadly after studying the area for a moment.
Etain cried softly, knowing that Keane was probably as lost to her as her mother. She failed to move when Stephen commanded for them all to mount up. Brent recovered from his own shock in time to drag her to her horse and literally toss her up on its back. He then grabbed the reins and led her horse next to his own as they all galloped off into the night.

Chapter 26
Keane watched the others ride safely through the castle gates as he held off the guards. More and more guards were filling the courtyard as he began slowly moving back toward the gate. Suddenly, the wooden stables to his right burst into flames and then a hay cart on his opposite side went up as well. Pandemonium broke loose in the courtyard. All around him, the guards’ uniforms were catching on fire. Keane stopped directing the wind when he realized that no one was paying any attention to him. Confused, he glanced around the courtyard before he spotted Weylyn on the castle steps just as Weylyn spotted him. He was torching everything in sight. An evil smile flashed across his face as he raised his hand in the direction of the wooden gate now over Keane’s head. It burst into white hot flames and the ropes holding it in place snapped as the fire burned through them. The gate came crashing down just as Keane crossed under. 
Startled by the collapsing gate, Keane did not see the soldier running at him until the last second. He dodged just in time to avoid major injury, but the soldier’s sword grazed the left side of his face as he jumped away. He spun back and sent the soldier flying into the stone wall behind him. The man crumpled to the ground and did not get up. Stumbling backward, he turned and ran in the direction of the eastern bridge.
The entire city was in an uproar, Keane only made it a few yards before a throng of people blocked his path. Fortunately, in all the chaos, and with the blood obscuring his features, no one noticed him. He darted behind a building and stared out onto the main street, unsure of how to proceed. His way east was blocked and as Keane looked back toward the castle, he saw the flames around the gate instantly extinguished. Only a moment later, Weylyn crawled over the hot wreckage and headed off to the north without a backward glance. A soldier spotted him from the ramparts and yelled for the crowd to pursue. A large mass of peasants and soldiers mulling around in front of the castle chased after Weylyn. Within seconds the sound of screaming drifted toward him from the north. He ran to the back of the alley and then passed behind two buildings until he could look down the route Weylyn had taken. He could trace Weylyn’s path by the fires. He was clearly torching homes and businesses in his efforts to escape. Many of his pursuers had broken off from the chase to help rescue people from burning buildings and to form water brigades to fight the flames. The destruction led straight north, toward the mountains. Keane correctly assumed that Weylyn was heading for the ruins of Tremaine where he could easily shelter undiscovered.
Keane silently moved back into the shadows and found a place to hide until he could use the cover of darkness to move among the back alleyways. It was nearly dawn before he finally reached the eastern bridge. To his dismay, only the stone braces remained, silently reaching out for the opposite shore. Keane knew that if he remained inside the city he would be killed on sight. It was only an hour or so until dawn and as tournament champion nearly everyone knew his face. He had to act quickly if he were to stand even the slightest chance of escaping. Suddenly, inspiration struck. Keane moved back about one hundred yards from the river’s edge and then ran forward as fast as he could. Just as he neared the edge, he sent the wind straight down and another gust simultaneously at his back as he leapt forward over the water. He had to quickly adjust the direction of the wind, but within a few seconds he had soared over the wide river and was over land on the opposite side. He let the force of the wind die off a little too quickly and he came crashing back down to earth and rolled several feet to absorb the impact. He hurt all over, but after careful inspection he realized that he hadn’t suffered any major injuries. With a quick glance behind him to ensure that he had not been seen, he made for the cover of the forest to the east.
Stephen and the others headed straight for Larcond castle. They knew that they had very little time and Stephen took advantage of the fact that they were ahead of any messengers or heralds carrying news of what had happened. He managed to get fresh horses in nearly every town and the group made the four-day journey in just under three days. They spent almost no time at the castle. They all gathered some of their personal effects and changed horses again before leaving. Cedric did not have enough time to tell Alana what happened, but she gamely went along with everything he ordered, trusting that he would explain when there was time. 
Cedric knew that his father was supposed to be at home in a village northwest of Weatherton, and the group headed straight there. They arrived in the wee hours of the morning long before the sun would rise and left their horses tethered behind the manor before quietly slipping in through the servants’ passage in the back. Cedric startled his father when he entered his room to wake him, but he quickly recovered from his shock and joined them in the manor’s dining hall. Brent and Evan were asleep with their heads on the table and Etain had dozed off in a chair opposite them. Alana and Jennyfer were sound asleep propped up against each other on the floor with their backs against the wall. Stephen paced back and forth in front of the windows behind his children.
Stephen took as little time as possible briefing the Earl about the events which had taken place. Lord Nolan paled at the news that his grandson was probably dead, but he held onto his emotions. It was not the right time to grieve their losses. Stephen explained that he did not believe that anyone knew that Lord Nolan was an elemental. He based his assumption on the fact that the King had not suspected Evelyn or Bryan. He knew that he was asking for a miracle, but he desperately needed to get word to the new King that not all the elementals wanted war. Lord Nolan bravely agreed to take the message to the new King and promised to meet Stephen at the Lamp Lighter Inn as soon as he had word. Before dawn, Lord Nolan and Lady Alys had prepared their horses and packed food and supplies for the weary travelers. Lord Nolan and Lady Alys left immediately for Cathal while they rest headed for Caldera.
All the younger generation were shocked to hear of the existence of Caldera. The original founders of the sanctuary had kept the secret close to their hearts over the years. All elementals in the society knew to head to the Lamp Lighter Inn if they needed sanctuary, but only the original group and the inhabitants of Caldera itself knew of the ancient castle and the secret commune it sheltered within its walls. Stephen was glad when he realized that their efforts to keep the sanctity of Caldera as a sanctuary meant that Weylyn did not know of its existence.
Stephen was surprised to hear that Quinn was in town and they made a detour to his home to brief him on the events of the last few days. Quinn was shocked, but quickly pulled himself together faster than any of them expected. Artis was with him, having brought the monthly report on Caldera, and after hearing the plan, immediately set out for Cathal in the hope of catching up with Lord Nolan and his wife and providing any assistance they needed. Stephen reluctantly agreed realizing that he was the least recognizable of the group. Even Quinn might be spotted as someone who had frequented the Tiernan’s manor on many occasions. The group headed out of town just as the sun appeared on the horizon.
They all decided to take back roads and travel only at night through the province. By now, a fast messenger could have reached most of the larger villages and towns in Larcond with news of the King’s assassination. By the time they arrived at the inn they were all exhausted. No word had yet reached that far and Bedelia and her son and daughter-in-law were stunned when they learned of what happened. The entire group stayed for only one night at the inn. The next morning, Brent set out for Caldera with all the women except Etain who refused to leave until word arrived about Keane’s fate. Ronan came from Caldera as soon as he received word and stayed on as a liaison between Caldera and the inn, traveling back and forth every day with news. Cedric also refused to leave Stephen’s side and they kept Evan with them in case any arrivals needed immediate healing, and because his ability to spot elementals versus non-elementals from a distance, could mean the difference between life and death for the group.
Nearly two weeks passed without word from anyone. Silence grew as the days wore on and each one found solace in their own thoughts. To make matters worse, a storm was rolling in from the sea limiting their visibility and further dampening everyone’s spirits. The rain continued unabated for several days with only minimal breaks, forcing Ronan to remain at the inn and Stephen knew that everyone at Caldera must be nearly insane with worry. Night had fallen and yet they all remained at their posts, unable or unwilling to head off to bed. 
Quinn had said very little since they had first informed him of what had happened in Cathal. He seemed lost in his own thoughts as he whittled away without really looking at his work. Evan noticed that his father kept rubbing a small spot in the palm of his left hand, as if it pained him. Evan had noticed the scar many times before, but he had never asked his father how he had gotten it.
They were all startled by the sound of horses’ hooves pounding by outside the inn. Evan quickly glanced out the window and then visibly relaxed. “Elementals.” He told the group at large.
A few minutes passed, and the group realized that the riders must have taken their horses to the dilapidated stable across the inn’s courtyard. Stephen turned to face the entrance just as the door swung open and two rain-soaked figures stepped inside. Artis entered first and dropped the hood of his soaked cloak and stared around the room. Another man entered behind him and Stephen was deeply relieved to see Keane’s familiar face when he pulled back his hood. They all saw the angry, fresh scar running down the left side of his face from his hairline to his jaw. Etain gasped in relieved surprise from her place by the window just before tears of relief and joy spilled down her face. She raised her hand to her throat, struggling to breathe and frozen in place by her shock. Keane quickly crossed the room and took her in his arms. Cedric was so relieved to see his son alive that he was unable to take more than a step toward his son before he wavered in his place and was forced to reach out and brace himself on the mantle over the fireplace; the combined shock and joy overwhelming him. Keane raised his hand to his father letting him know that he was all right as he continued to hang onto Etain as she cried softly into his shoulder. In his relief, Cedric did not notice that Keane couldn’t meet his father’s eyes. 
Evan breathed a heavy sigh, grateful for the safety of his friend and then glanced at Artis. Where was Lord Nolan, he wondered before he stood up and walked over to Keane and Etain. He quickly healed Keane’s wound and then put his hand over his head, instantly drying his drenched clothing. He then moved over to Artis and did the same for him. Stephen rose from his chair when Artis finally turned to face him.
“Your Grace,” Artis murmured as he bowed his head. 
“What news?” Stephen asked quietly.
Artis and Keane exchanged a meaningful glance, neither one wanting to impart the terrible news, but knowing that waiting would not change the outcome.
“I caught up with Lord Nolan just outside of town, but we separated when we reached Cathal.” Artis began, looking down at his feet while he spoke. “It was my job to look for the Tiernan’s while Lord Nolan requested an audience with the Prince.” Artis cleared his throat before continuing. “I was able to learn a great deal just by listening to conversations on the street. I’m afraid the news is very grim, Your Grace.”
“Go on, my friend.” Stephen replied softly.
“I learned that the Prince was out hunting when everything happened. He returned to the castle that night to learn of his mother and father’s deaths. Apparently Weylyn set fire to everything he could during his escape. Rumor has it that Princess Gwendolyn and the young Princess Brianna barely made it out of the palace alive. The prince had to be crowned in the Duke of Cathal’s hall because the castle is so badly smoke and fire damaged.” Artis said before pausing again. “During my journey, I learned that the Duke of Cathal and his wife were killed in the fire in the castle.” He paused for a moment. “Lord Malcolm barely escaped the castle alive, it is said that his injuries are severe. After he was crowned, King Orin confirmed Malcolm’s right of succession. He is the new Duke of Cathal.” 
“And his wife and son, are they all right?” Cedric asked.
“Both are fine. Apparently, they were not in the castle when everything happened, they are uninjured.”
Stephen was glad that Moira would never hear the news of the Duke’s death, he was her father’s closet friend. He would miss the man’s wisdom and humor and he knew that Moira had thought of him as a second father.
“I’m afraid there is more bad news.” Keane interjected softly, still not looking at his father.
“What is it son?” Cedric asked, sensing that something was terribly wrong.
“Artis?” Keane whispered softly, unable to impart the terrible news himself.
“I finally made it to the Tiernan’s manor, but their home had already been destroyed by fire.” Artis said softly. 
 “There’s more isn’t there?” Cedric asked.
Artis nodded before continuing. “There were human remains in the building and courtyard. No one had bothered to bury them. I’m afraid I could not identify them, the bodies were all badly burned, but I believe that they were the remains of a man, a woman, and a young child.”
“You have no idea who they were?” Stephen whispered, his agony apparent to them all.
“None, Your Grace. I can only assume that they were members of the Tiernan family because their bodies had been left to rot where they lay.” Artis cleared his throat before continuing. “I buried them in the gardens behind the house.”
Stephen nodded his head in appreciation for that act of kindness, still in shock over the loss of at least three more family members.
“There’s more I’m afraid.” Artis continued after a moment. “I headed back into town and saw a large crowd in front of the castle. When I got close, I realized that it was an execution. I’m sorry, Lord Nolan.” He said, finally meeting Cedric’s eyes. “I arrived just in time to see them execute your parents on the grounds of treason.” Cedric paled and stumbled backward, barely able to stay on his feet. A collective gasp rose up from the others as they all mourned their tragic losses. “On my way here, Keane spotted me from his hiding place in the trees, and we rushed to get here as quickly as possible.” 
“What about the elementals? What plans does he have for all of us?” Stephen asked after several minutes of silence.
Artis turned his head away, unable to respond his grief was so strong.
“The King has declared war against all elementals.” Keane replied. “We are to be hunted down and killed on sight.”
Again, Stephen nodded. He had been afraid of that. Suddenly, Stephen felt very weary and he sank heavily into his chair. No one in the room spoke as they all absorbed the impact of what the King’s edict would mean for them all.
“What are we going to do?” Cedric finally asked as he pushed himself away from the mantle and turned to face Stephen. The entire room was quiet as they all waited for his response. It was a long time before Stephen spoke.
“We fight back.” He said at last, as Evan jerked his head up to study his father’s face.
“How?” Etain whispered. “There are so few of us and so many of them.”
“We will seek out other elementals and bring them to Caldera.” Stephen began. “We have some advantages. We know the identity of nearly every elemental in the Kingdom, but the King does not.” Stephen said as he rose from his chair and turned to where he could face the entire group.
“I’m afraid not, Your Grace.” Artis said, sighing heavily.
“What do you mean?” Stephen said, startled.
“The King watched Lord Nolan’s execution from the castle ramparts.” He explained. “I’m afraid I recognized one of the men at his side.”
“Who was it?” Cedric asked, anger evident in his voice.
“Deidre’s husband.” Artis answered softly. “I can only assume that he has betrayed us all.” The entire room was silent as they absorbed the fact that the King had someone on his side who knew most of their secrets.
“Still, we are not helpless.” Quinn finally said, speaking for the first time. “We can fight back with our powers if we have to. We all know that in large numbers our powers can do great things. Their goal is extermination, but our goal is survival.” 
“What if we flee to Ionia?” Evan asked.
“Word would soon reach them of our powers, we would be at an even greater risk in an unfamiliar land.” Stephen answered logically. “But, if we can hold out long enough, the winds of change will sweep the other way.”
“What do you mean?” Bedelia asked.
“Hopefully, the King will eventually see reason, but if not, kings do not remain on their thrones forever.” Stephen replied.
“We just survive?” Keane asked.
“Together.” Stephen replied as he met the gaze of the young man and saw strength and determination in the youthful eyes.
Cedric walked over and stopped in front of Stephen. He pulled his medallion from under his tunic and asked, “One Heart?”
Stephen smiled. "One People."
Quinn looked up. "One Destiny."
###
Thank you for reading my book. I hope you enjoyed it! If you did, please leave me a review. Be sure to check out Fire, Rise of the Elementals, Volume: 2.

Thanks!
M. J. Roberts
Other Books by M. J. Roberts
Fire, Rise of the Elementals Volume: 2
Earth, Rise of the Elementals Volume: 3
Water, Rise of the Elementals Volume: 4
